Showing Myself
by IndianaWoman

Showing Myself Ch. 10

My first date with my new boyfriend.

Here is my first date with Rolf, and in fact it was my first date ever!

I had called Monika on Thursday and told her I was going on a date but was nervous about what to wear, and she told me to come down to the city that afternoon and we'd go shopping. I told my mom I'd be gone the rest of the day, and when she found out what I was doing, she gave me some money to buy something. That was so kind! Like I said before, my parents were kind of boring, but nice.

I met Monika, and first we sat down for coffee and talked. Of course, she asked me about Rolf, and I said he was my age, good looking, and very nice and polite, and that he was taking me to the museum. She asked where I met him, and although I obviously knew how wild Monika was, I wasn't sure if I should tell her, but I decided honesty is the best policy, and I told her the truth.

"Really? You found him in there?" She laughed so hard, and made me tell everything!

I told her I had seen him before, and when he walked into the theater the other day, I whispered for him to sit with me. I was already naked, and we sat next to each other. I tried to explain why it excited me so much.

"You know when I was at your house and your husband came all over your stomach and you made me touch it and taste it? I wanted to do it again so bad! He undressed and we were both masturbating, and I wasn't sure what I should do, but then I asked if he was close and he said yes, so I told him I wanted it all over me! It was so much, like a fountain! Oh Monika, it was amazing! Did you understand everything I just said?"

"Yes, I understand better than I speak, so it's ok. So then what do you do after that?"

"I just sat back in the chair and looked at myself, and touched it and tasted it. It was so exciting that I forgot all about touching myself! Then I asked him if he could do it again and he said yes. Was that ok to ask?"

"Yes, you can ask. I'm sure he liked that."

"So, he started again, and this time I said he should make it go right in my mouth so I could taste it all. It was an incredible feeling! Now I know why you like it so much!"

I made her laugh again when I told her I forgot to tell him my name and I was afraid he wouldn't call, but he did and my mother really liked him.

"But Monika, I'm worried, I've never been on a date before! I've never even kissed a guy before! What if he wants to kiss me and I act stupid? What am I supposed to wear? Look here, my mother gave me some money, so help me find something."

"Ok, I will help you, it is fun to shop with you. And also, I will teach you to kiss. We can practice in the dressing room."

"Oh, I don't know if I can do that."

"No, it is ok. Girls always practiced kissing when I was in school."

"Really? Ok, I guess I can try."

God, now I just agreed to make out with Monika!

We went to the department store she liked, and she said that even if Rolf didn't see them, it was important to wear something sexy under my clothes so it makes me feel special and confident. She found two bras and matching lacy panties, and then we looked at the dress section. It was fall, so she suggested something warmer, and picked out a very snug knit dress that she said would show off my body and keep me warm too. We also looked at jeans and sweaters and she said my body is perfect for tight jeans with a form fitting sweater coming down over my hips. I looked at the money I had and then back at what we picked out, and said I would select the jeans and sweater.

She said, "No, I will buy the other things for you too. You are my friend. It's ok. And it is your first date."

I told her I couldn't do that and that she's done so much already, but she insisted. And this is why I'm going to spoil Kari as much as I can!

We went to the dressing room and at least this time I was wearing a sexy bra and panties so I didn't look silly, and I tried the dress on. I loved it! Then I tried on the jeans and sweater, and she said it was a perfect look, and that I should leave them on the rest of the day. She had picked out something similar and said we could be like sisters again while we window shopped later!

We were still in the dressing room, and she said, "Now we have a kissing lesson. I be the man, you be you."

She touched me on the sides of my face, and she just looked at me and laughed.

"You look very nervous! You will scare Rolf away! You must relax, just breathe. I will do all the work."

She tried again, and I let a breath out as her lips approached mine. I could hear people talking outside the dressing room, and this gave me a similar feeling as in the theater.

Our lips touched, and she stepped back.

"Ok, you must relax more, and kiss me in return."

We tried again, and I saw what she meant. She said, "That is better. Now I will hold you like Rolf will hold you if you have not scared him away yet."

I whispered, "God Monika, I'm trying!"

Our lips met again, and I felt her hands slide down my body and reach my lower back and she pulled me close. We kissed four or five times, and then backed away again.

"See, that is what he will do. Just let him comfort you. Now we kiss again, but longer."

Oh boy, I had no idea what she meant, but it was too late! She leaned forward, and she kissed my upper lip, my lower lip, and then whispered to me to open my mouth a little and do what she does. I parted my lips, and her tongue gently licked my lips. She paused and opened her mouth and I tried the same thing, but she responded by touching my tongue with hers, and I knew this must be what French kissing must be like. We practiced like that for about five minutes, and I was so out of breath! Then she slid her hands down my back and into my jeans and I gasped.

"Will Rolf do that?"

"Only if you are lucky."

We continued kissing, and then I whispered to Monika, "I have a secret. You know the picture of you that you gave me? I put it on the table next to my bed when I pleasure myself and pretend you are watching. It's so exciting."

She moaned and said, "I want a picture too."

I whispered back, "I know, and I already picked up the pictures that you took of me. They are in my bag, and you can choose one."

Wow, this was intense! We broke away, and I asked, "Am I better at it now? Will Rolf like kissing me?"

"Yes, but we must practice every day. Maybe sleep at my house again."

I laughed and said, "Oh, Monika, you are my best friend. I love you so much. And yes, we'll practice again!"

We dressed and paid for everything and walked around the city in our new clothes and had so much fun. We ran into another friend of hers and we went to the rooftop café and had an afternoon cocktail, my first.

We sat down and they said something to each other in German, and the other woman turned to me and said, "You have your first date on Saturday? How exciting!"

"Yes, Monika helped me pick out these clothes. I hope Rolf likes how I look."

"He will, and if he doesn't, I know plenty of young men who will. I teach at the university, and I can invite you for a tour."

"I would really like a tour, but I really like Rolf too, so I'll see what happens. And I don't know what anything is on this menu. I've only tried beer and a little wine before."

They spoke some more and picked out a cocktail, and it was really good. I wish I had written down what it was, because back then there were no phones or anything and you couldn't just take pictures of the menu! But I still have the memory.

They talked some more, and her friend said to me, "And you have been practicing kissing? How was that?"

I must have turned so red, because she said don't be shy, because all girls practice kissing in school. Well, I can't say how common that is in the US, but maybe I should practice with Kari!

Anyway, it was so fun, and then we had to call it a day. But first, they spoke again and her friend said that if I stayed at Monika's house tomorrow, she could help fix my hair and things like that in the morning, but she wanted to ask my mother first because maybe she wanted to help me with my first date instead.

Wow, I was never used to so much attention, and that was so nice of them! Her English was much better than Monika's, so she offered to call my mom.

She came back and said my mother was very pleased that she asked her first, but it perfectly fine that I stayed at Monika's. I don't know who was more excited, me or Monika!

But then Monika spoke up and said "Wait, you told me that I can have a picture. Show them to me."

"Monika, I can't right now", and motioned to her friend.

They spoke and her friend said, "It is ok. You are not the first woman who has sexy pictures taken of you. You can show them to us."

Wait, us?? How about the waiter and all of the other customers too?? But I relented and handed Monika the envelope from my bag. Her friend moved up beside Monika and they paged through the photos while smiling and nodding in approval.

Monika selected a picture and handed the rest back to me. I asked which one she chose.

"Guess."

"Uh, in the shower?"

"You guess very well", and she slid the picture across the table for me to look at.

I looked and I was leaning against the wall of the shower and my hands were between my legs and my eyes closed and I was obviously in ecstasy. I can see why Monika liked it.

"Now I have something to put beside my bed", and she obviously told her friend the same thing because she laughed.

"Well, I hope you enjoy yourself. I enjoy your picture often."

We talked some more and I thanked them both so much, and I told Monika I would meet her tomorrow evening. We went our separate ways, and I was so excited about the day I just had and my date on Saturday that I headed straight to first theater I ever visited, where Renate worked. I just had to release some energy!

I went inside, and told Renate I was going to take off the jeans and sweater and put my dress on instead so it would be easier to undress in the theater. I also asked if there were already people inside, and she said there were six or seven men. Perfect! I slipped my clothes off and stood there in the store almost naked like it was the most natural thing ever, and put on my new knit dress. Renate took all of my things and put them away for me and told me to have fun.

I went upstairs, and instead of in the middle or in the front, I wanted to sit in the back row so I could see everyone, and so they would watch me as I strolled to the back. I sat down and pulled my dress up to my waist. Some guys turned around and looked at me, but they couldn't tell that I was just sitting there with my panties exposed and pulled to the side with one of my fingers teasing my clitoris. I really was debating what I should do next, so when there were no guys looking, I just stood up and pulled the dress over my head and removed my bra and panties and stashed them behind the last row of seats so the next time they turned around I would be naked. I was already soaking wet even before I got there, and just sitting there wearing nothing but my shoes made me even wetter!

I thought of the games Rolf and I would be able to play. I could go in the theater first, and then he could come in and pretend he was seeing me for the first time. Or he could be there first, and I could come in and sit two seats away and pretend I didn't see him in the dark. Or when he stands up with other men and masturbates, I can point to him and say he can cum on me. I know what you're thinking of me, but that's how my mind works!

By now random guys were sneaking glances back at me, and if you can imagine the theater, you enter from the front where the screen is, and the aisle is along the wall to the left, with all the seats on the right. I put my feet on the back of the seats in front of me and spread my knees wide, so even if they couldn't see my pussy directly, it was obvious what I was doing. The men didn't even pretend to sneak glances anymore and were turned around and staring at me.

I wanted to give them a better look, so I stood up and walked halfway down the aisle and leaned against the wall, and spread my feet slightly, and placed my middle finger on my wetness and looked at the action on the screen like I was the only person in the theater. As always, the German men were not pushy, and were content watching from their seats. Any guy that was not masturbating before now had his cock out and was stroking it, and I was so excited that it was all because of me!

I continued down the aisle, and sat in the middle seat of the front row. There was a younger guy not far away, and I asked if he spoke English, and he nodded.

"You can tell everyone they can come down and watch, but not to touch. I want to see them get excited while I watch the movie."

He turned around and said something, and like so many times before, I was now sitting totally naked with my fingers running through my pussy with my clothes way out of reach. There were now seven men standing in a half circle stroking their cocks, and I imagined the other day when Rolf stood in front of me and came all over me. I have never had a problem getting excited before, but all of these thoughts made me absolutely drenched. My imagination was going wild, and I was thinking how amazing it would be if the two girlfriends I went to the sauna with would walk in and see me right now and join me. Oh my God!

Their hands were pulling at their cocks and soon the first one let out a bust of cum in front of me. So hot! He stepped back and smiled and said "Thank you."

I should be thanking him, but it was nice of him to say that. One by one more of them stroked their cocks to completion, and during this show two more guys entered the theater and joined in once their eyes adjusted to the darkness and saw what was going on. At one point there were six guys standing in front of me, all with their hands pulling at their cocks in a blur!

That said, I was not neglecting myself at all. My hand was also a blur at times, only backing off to prevent my own orgasm so I could enjoy the thrill even longer. Sometimes my fingertips moved in a circle over my clitoris, and sometimes I pulled my fingers through the lips. For some reason, guy really like it when I do that, and at least three of them came at the sight. I was getting so good at knowing what they wanted that it was like they were on remote control and I could make them cum on command.

But after a while, all of the cocks were exhausted and I was alone in the theater. At the front where the screen was, there was kind of a stage, and I thought it would be fun to get up there and pretend I was part of the show since no one but me was there anyway. Ok, you are going to think I'm crazy, but I got up there and knelt down right where a woman on the screen was kneeling down and it looked like my shadow was sucking a cock. That turned something on inside me, and now I wished Rolf was there and my lips were sliding down over his cock for real! But then I heard the door open, and I was too far gone to jump off the stage, and instead just sat down right where I was and spread my legs and started to bring myself off.

The new visitor couldn't miss me sitting up there, and sat down in the front row and watched. Within a minute I couldn't take it anymore and my entire body shuddered with the image of that man staring at me and the sex scene going on behind me. And I was also consumed with the thought of Rolf and I having sex right here on the stage while everyone watched. But as my orgasm faded and reality set it, I realized I hadn't even kissed him yet, so first things first!

I hopped down from the stage, and said to the man sitting there, "Sorry!" and walked back to the back row and sat down again. This is why I don't want my clothes right by me. By the time I got back there, I was feeling tingly again, and I chose to just have a slow, gentle masturbation session after getting that first one out of the way.

I stayed for another hour, and finally came again, and during that time a few guys came in and watched me and they enjoyed it as best I could tell. When I left, I just gathered my clothes and stepped out of the theater and dressed out there in the hall, hoping someone would walk up and see me, but unfortunately I was alone.

I walked to the main part of the store and thanked Renate for watching my things, and she said she should thank me because I am good for business. She told me that all the guys that came out only had nice words to say about me!

I went home and showed my mom my new clothes and that I would be wearing the jeans and sweater that I bought with the money she gave me, and that Monika also bought me the knit dress I was wearing. She was pleased with everything and said she was glad I was having fun. If she only knew how much fun I was having!

But I was feeling guilty about my double life. Or do I have a double life? Who cares anyway? I didn't want to think about it, but how would I know my own parents didn't have sex like rabbits right in the back seat when they first met? And how would anyone who saw Monika guess that she is so sexual while also being so kind and thoughtful? Maybe mom didn't mind me staying at Monika's tomorrow so she and dad can go wild while I'm gone! So, I quickly whisked away that self-doubt and decided to sneak in a quickie in my room before dinner, under the guise that I wanted to "shower and put on the other outfit" so mom could see it.

Of course, I first looked at the picture of Monika and pretended we were in the shower together, and then I just stood there and felt myself while the water cascaded over me.....

The next day I took the bus to Monika's house, and of course she and her husband greeted me warmly. One of the first things he said was that he heard about my kissing lesson.

"Gee Monika, is it going to be on the front page too? You told me all the girls in school practiced kissing!'

Her husband laughed and said, "Yes, but you two are not schoolgirls. You are two beautiful women. Imagining you kissing is a nice vision. And do you deny that you learned something?"

I smiled and said, "Yes, she was a big help. I wouldn't do that with anyone else, but you two have been so wonderful to me."

"Well, you have become quite a bit more brave since we first met you in the theater. And Monika really likes your friendship. You are always welcome to call for anything."

Oh my God, that was so nice for him to say! We had a wonderful dinner and then talked by their fireplace, and then we headed to their bedroom again. I felt like the luckiest girl in the world.

As we entered the room, he was the first to speak and said, "We talked to Andrea about your fantasy of showing a film of you in the theater, and she would love to help you. We have a movie camera, and we will help you make a film, ok? Not tonight, but soon."

I became wet at the thought of a movie of me being displayed while men watched it. Maybe I'll meet Rolf there and surprise him. We could be sitting there and suddenly I show up on the screen!

Monika stripped down to her panties and bra, and then she helped me get out of my clothes. Her husband held up a new roll of film, and said he would take more pictures if I wish.

Of course I wished! Just the thought of it! He said they trusted me, and Monika would be in some of the pictures too, and to this day only my ex and now Kari have seen these pictures. I didn't even show them to Rolf.

He got the camera ready, and told me to stand next to the bed with Monika and remove her bra in a very sexy way. I did my best, and slowly slid the straps off her shoulders. I leaned forward and reached around her and unsnapped it in the back, and gently let it fall from her breasts as I heard the camera click.

She did the same to me, and after removing my bra, she "accidentally" pushed her breasts against my body. Such a feeling! She took my hand and pulled me onto the bed and said, "Sit beside me."

Her husband said that we should both pleasure ourselves and just do what feels good. Many years later, this is one of the pictures that Kari commented on. Monika started and slid her hand into her panties, and I followed her lead. I was soaking wet and I made it a point to look at her beautiful soft skin and her perfect body. I couldn't take it much more, and lifted myself up a little bit and pulled my panties off and tossed them aside. I slid my fingers through my wetness and I didn't wait for Monika to take my hand, and instead brought them to her lips on my own. Her husband liked this and he took a picture.

He said to me, "Remove Monika's panties." Monika lifted herself up, and I slid my fingers along her hips and into her panties, and slowly pulled them down. By now I was becoming more assertive and didn't wait for instructions. We both slid down prone on the bed and her husband placed his lips on her pussy and I moved close to her and placed my hand on her belly and gently massaged her to her delight.

Soon her husband moved over her body and slid himself inside her. I knelt next to her and spread my knees so she could watch me enjoy myself as I watched them. I watched his cock slide in and out of her, and I really wondered what it must feel like. They were talking to each other, and then he asked me, "Did you want to taste it again when I am ready?"

I nodded my head vigorously and said yes! He continued his thrusts, and Monika said something to him. He looked at me and said, "She would like to kiss you, and I will shoot it on your lips and you can taste it together at the same time. Is that ok?"

Oh God, I couldn't wait, and he pulled out and we moved back up and leaned against the headboard, and he knelt between us and stroked his cock as Monika pressed her lips against mine. Although I wasn't sexually attracted to her as strongly as she was to me, I didn't back off at all and wanted to make her feel good. Our tongues touched, and soon the sight was obviously too much for her husband.

His cum shot out and some went on my cheek and some on our lips. She stuck out her tongue and licked some up and brought it to my mouth and slid her tongue inside so I could taste it all. We then turned our heads towards him, and he pointed his cock at my waiting mouth and I caught his remaining cum. I couldn't stand it anymore and said I had to finish, and I slid flat on the bed and my fingers rubbed furiously between my legs. He grabbed the camera again and snapped some pictures, and said this would be a perfect scene for a movie. I realized then that it was really going to happen, and I would soon see myself on the big screen and see what everyone else sees!

But for the moment, I had other needs. Monika had laid herself close to me and was massaging my stomach just as I had done to her. I knew she craved more intimacy, but in fact we had become such close friends that mentally our intimacy was unmatched. I felt my impending orgasm, and I turned and looked her in the eye. She smiled, and that is all it took. My nipples grew hard and my chest went crimson, and my hand went still as I clutched myself.

As soon as I caught my breath, I took her hand and placed on herself and I whispered, "Now I want to watch you."

Monika slowly started pleasuring herself. Maybe it was because of my relative immaturity, but I was more frenzied when I masturbated, whereas Monika was elegant and every move was purposeful. I learned to do that over the years, but at the time I just looked at her in awe.

Her husband stood back and took more pictures, and one of my favorites was Monika laying there playing while I am next to her smiling. At the moment the picture was taken, her finger was sliding between the folds of her pussy and it looked so incredibly erotic. To this day, it's why I love to have erotic pictures taken of myself. It leaves me breathless!

I moved closer to Monika so she could practically feel my breath on her cheek, and that put her over the edge. She didn't convulse like I always did, but she definitely didn't hide how she felt. I lifted her hand from herself and slipped her fingers in my mouth, knowing she would like that.

Her husband smiled and said, "I am so lucky to have two beautiful women such as you. I could sit here and watch you forever." We laid there and talked and touched for another hour, and Monika discussed getting ready for my date in the morning. She said she would put just a little bit of makeup on me because I really didn't need much, and that she had a pretty hair clip that would go perfectly with my thick blonde hair.

Monika then whispered, "And what about down there? We should make you nice and smooth, and I mean for you, not for Rolf. I can help you in the morning."

I looked at Monika and said, "Let me guess, the girls practice that together too?"

She just smiled and said, "Sometimes."

Like last time, the three of us spooned as we drifted off to sleep, and Monika wasn't even shy about cupping one of my breasts with her hand, but I didn't mind.

In the morning, her husband jumped out of bed and said he would prepare breakfast and that we should eat before I got ready. Like last time, Monika gave me something silky to slip on, and we went out to the breakfast area.

He asked us what we planned on my date, and I said we would first go to a museum, and that I was sure he would have something else planned after that unless he found me too boring.

"No, you are not too boring. There are a lot of things to do in the city, and I am sure he will be nice to you. But if not, you call us and I will come and get you."

"Oh, thank you! But he is really nice, and I don't think that will be necessary. God, I am so excited!"

We finished our breakfast, and Monika led me into their bath to first take a shower. I slipped out of my clothes and she did the same, and she said we would shower together this time, but first that she would shave me a little bit. She had me sit on the little chair by the window, and put a little bit of cream on my fingers and said to rub it down there. I did, and then she took a little razor and said, "Now, be very still."

I reflexively opened my legs so she had more room, and although I assumed I would shave myself, it really did make more sense that she did it this time. I took a deep breath, and she leaned forward and touched me there for the first time.

Just to be clear, all she was shaving was the area right around my clitoris and lips so it was silky smooth when I masturbated or, perhaps in the future, if Rolf touched me there. I had tried to do it myself, but It was just too awkward.

As Monika gently pushed my pussy lips apart, I realized I wanted a picture of this. I definitely needed to mention that next time! I don't think I breathed at all while she gently pulled the razor over my skin, and then she finally said, "There, finished."

She turned on the shower, and we stepped in. She put shampoo in my hair and gently massaged it in, and then I did the same to her. We rinsed, and then we massaged oil in our hair and scalp, and tied it up while we continued washing. Of course, she volunteered to wash me, and told me to relax.

She put some of the softest body soap I have ever felt on her hand and first rubbed it all over my body. I shuddered when her hands ran up the inside of my thighs and over my breasts, but she didn't try to be pushy about touching me or anything. She then took a soft cloth and washed my entire body, and the soap she used left a tingly feeling.

She then handed me the soap and said, "Now you wash me."

Oh boy, here we go! I squirted some on my hand, and started with her back while I worked up the courage to do the rest of her. I moved to her front and knelt down, realizing my face was perfectly level with her pussy which was just inches away, and she smiled and said, "You like?"

I covered my hand with more soap and ran it up the inside of her legs and thighs and stopped just below her pussy. I smiled and said, "You like?"

She took my hand and placed it on her pubic area and said, "This part too." I couldn't deny her, and she gave me a penetrating look as I actually massaged soap over her pussy. I did the same to myself, and then she took the shower head down from the holder and rinsed us both off. She lead me out of the shower and took a towel and dried me off. I swear, I felt like a princess!

I did the same to her, and then she took a brush and ran it through my hair, and I noticed that the oil she used made my hair so soft! She pulled the brush in slow deliberate strokes until it was dry, saying that I am lucky to have such thick hair because I can do anything with it.

Then she said something unexpected. "You know, maybe we could make a movie of us in the shower and show it in the theater. I find that exciting too. You would like that?"

Would I like that?? Yes! She said she would talk to her husband, and maybe we can do that.

She styled my hair a little bit and put the hair clip in. She said that she would not put makeup on me after all, because my skin was already so smooth. She gave me the bra and panties I had brought with me, and then I put on the jeans and sweater. She put on something similar and we stood in front of a mirror and I couldn't believe what I saw! It isn't like I was a slob before or anything, but the ritual of what she did with the oils on my hair and skin and all the brushing really did make a difference. She kissed my cheek, and said, "Like sisters."

We went back out to where her husband was, and I asked him to take a picture of her and me together so I could have one printed and give it to my mom. Of course, he was pleased to do that, and we then sat and chatted until it was time for me to catch the bus and head towards town. But first, he reached into his wallet and pulled out some money and said, "Here, in case you become stranded or something happens. And again, you can always call."

I protested and said I wouldn't need it, but he said, "No, take it. If you don't need it, then give it back. That will make Monika happy, because it means you will return sometime."

What nice friends! Before long, the bus arrived at the stop hear their house, and I was on my way to downtown.

I walked to the big department store and Rolf was standing right there waiting for me. What a nice guy he is!

"Hi Jennifer, you look beautiful. I like what you are wearing."

"Oh, thank you! My friend helped me do some shopping, and this is new just for you. I said I would wear a dress, but it is a little too cold and I didn't know if we would be walking a lot. You look as handsome as I remember."

"I think we remember each other differently with no clothes on, but I'm glad you like me this way too. Ok, the museum is on the other side of the park, and it is a nice walk."

He took my hand, and I didn't expect how that would feel. His hand was warm, and his warmth went up my arm and all through my body and I felt like I never wanted to let go.

We went to the museum as he promised, and we had a wonderful time. Afterwards we went to a little café and had coffee and cake and talked.

"Rolf, do you think I'm strange? I really like you, but I don't want us to be only about sex. I'm having so much fun today! Oh, and if I speak too fast or if there is something you don't understand, please tell me."

"No, I understand you, and I would tell you if I didn't. I think it is fun too. And you are not strange at all."

"That's a relief. Ok, it's now almost four o'clock. What do you want to do the rest of our date?"

"What I suggest first is we could go to the theater where we met and enjoy ourselves, and then afterwards I know a nice music club that would be fun to visit. I go there a lot."

I thought it was so funny. He talked about going to the porn theater like it was so normal, like having cake and coffee. But I told him that was perfect, and I couldn't wait for both.

The theater was about five minutes away, and we discussed how we should do it. I told him maybe I should go in first, and then he should come in after a few minutes and pretend we don't know each other. Or we could go in together, whatever he likes.

He chose to go together this time, and in the future we could try different adventures. We walked to the theater and my friend was working there as usual. She looked at us and smiled, and said, "So, you found each other after all." She switched to German and must have told him I was worried before that he would never call, and he just held my hand tighter.

We went into the dark theater, and I led him down to the front. Normally I would choose the back, but I had a plan. We sat down, and I started whispering.

"Rolf, I don't know what you expect, but I'm still not ready to have sex. Is that ok? I just want to be here with you and watch each other get excited."

"That is Ok. We can do what we did the last time."

We relaxed side by side, and I was so excited, both personally and sexually. I was the first to move, and unbuttoned my jeans and slid them down my legs. I pulled my sweater over my head and took them both and set them in the seat beside me. I was wearing a purple bra and purple panties, and Rolf was gazing at me.

"Do you like how I look?"

"Yes, very much. I will remove my clothes as well."

Rolf removed all his clothes, and his cock was already hard and standing straight up. I really wanted to touch it, but I told him before I wasn't ready for sex, and I didn't want to start something I couldn't finish. Instead, we looked at the action on the screen, and there were two women sitting beside each other and masturbating just like Monika and I had done last night. I moved my hand down between my legs and touched myself through my panties. Normally I would have been naked by now, but somehow I felt that being partially clothed would be more seductive to Rolf.

I whispered to him to put his hand around his cock and stroke it. Soon I was glancing back and forth between the two women on the screen and the sight of his hand moving up and down, and he was doing the same, taking glances on my fingers moving in a circle through my panties when my clitoris was hidden beneath. This was the most excited I had ever been here!

We took our time, and just pleasured ourselves and the movie moved to another scene, where a woman was kneeling in front of a man, and I watched her take his entire cock in his mouth and then let it slide out as she caught it in her hand. I whispered to Rolf, "I will do that to you someday, I promise", and he groaned in response. Soon that same woman was on her back and the man's face moved between her legs and his tongue dragged through her pussy, and he whispered that he would do that to me. God, that made me so wet!

There were about ten men scattered in the theater behind us, and I had an idea. I leaned over and said to Rolf that I would climb on his lap facing him and rub myself on his cock through my panties so we wouldn't really be having sex, and everyone in the theater could watch and think we were. I swung myself on top of him, and from the view of the men in the theater, it looked like I was plunging myself up and down on his cock. I moved my hips just as Monika did last night with her husband, and the feeling of his cock rubbing against me was almost too much to bear.

"Does this feel good Rolf? Does it excite you?"

"Yes, very much, I dreamed of this."

"Slide my bra down and free up my breasts. Do you want to see them again?"

He didn't say a word, and he gently slipped the straps down off my shoulders, and folded the cups of my bra down until my breasts stared him in the face.

I continued to move myself against him, and I scanned the theater discreetly, and saw that all eyes were on us. I couldn't take much more.

"Rolf, you can kiss my nipples if you wish. Go ahead."

He leaned forward, and for the first time in my life I felt lips on my body. He swirled his tongue around my nipple and gently pulled it with my lips. My nipples are very sensitive anyway and I often play with them when I masturbate, and the feeling was incredible. I asked Rolf if he was ready to cum, and he nodded.

I leaned back a little bit, and accomplished another first by placing my hand around the first cock I had every touched, and stroked it hard up and down. I looked up and now nearly all of the men were standing and trying to get a better view. I looked down at Rolf's cock and I was amazed that my hand was gripping it and controlling his orgasm. And then, Rolf's cock erupted.

The first stream shot up nearly to my chin and fell in a single line up and down my body. I kept stroking and his cum kept shooting. Finally it stopped and I looked down and his cum was already running down my belly and drenching my panties, and my hand squeezed his cock and the remainder of his cum flowed down over my hand. I brought it to my lips and licked it off.

I looked up again, and almost every man had his cock out. I whispered to Rolf, "Rolf, would you like to taste me now? I think that would be ok."

He nodded and I stood and pushed my panties to the floor and sat down with my legs spread wide. Before Rolf could take his position, I said to him, "First, tell the people in the theater they can come closer and watch if they want to, but not to get too close and that only you can touch me."

He told them, and then he knelt before me. I'm glad that Monika had shaved my pussy lips, and I felt his tongue glade over me for the first time, and after feeling that, I knew it wouldn't be the last time. For two people that were very inexperienced, we seemed to do ok, and he alternated between teasing my clitoris and licking up the wetness seeping from the folds of my pussy. Oh my God, I could have laid back and let him pleasure me forever!

I looked around, and the men were gazing longingly and not without some jealously of Rolf, but they kept their distance as promised. I was rubbing my own breasts with the rhythm of Rolf's tongue, and as much as I wanted this to go on, I couldn't hold back my orgasm. I grabbed Rolf's head and pulled it against me and my hips shuddered against him as I moaned and my nipples grew hard and pointed away from my chest. And as though it was upon command, several of the men who were watching came at the same time, and I watched their cum shoot in an arc. The feeling was amazing that I was responsible for that.

Rolf looked up at me and I pulled him towards me. Our lips met, and finally we had our first kiss! I don't know how many women can taste their own pussy during their first kiss, but it didn't bother me at all!

Rolf caressed my body and we continued kissing, and I'm so glad that Monika taught me well. He sat next to me and his strong hands moved gently over my body as my heart slowly started beating normally again. The men smiled and said, "Thank you!" and took their seats again. And I couldn't wait to tell Monika about everything I just did!

"Is it ok if I hold your cock? I really like touching it. I want to feel it grow in my hand."

"Of course, you never have to ask that. I like touching you too."

"You know, I really want to have sex with you. I want to feel you inside me. But I have to talk to my friend about birth control first, OK? I don't want to use condoms. I want to feel you fill me. I think about it all the time."

He understood, and said there were many things we could do until then, and I didn't disagree with that! By now, his cock was completely hard again, and I had an idea.

"Rolf, could I ask you to do something? Each night when I thought of you and touched myself, I imagined you were laying on my bed and I was above you and you were tasting me, and you were stroking your cock and I was making you so excited. Can we do that?"

He said of course we could, and he laid down on the floor at the front of the theater, and I straddled his face. By now I had tossed the bra away and we were both completely naked, and the men had moved down again to watch us. That made me so excited, just like the many times I had been in the theaters before and was being watched.

I eased myself down over Rolf's face and felt his tongue slide over me once more, and I sensed the movement of his arm as his hand stroked his cock. I am not an aggressive person by nature, and in my previous stories you know that, but this time I felt additional excitement of being the one in charge.

"Do you like doing that Rolf? I love it! I want you to make me cum again."

He nodded the best he could, and in a few minutes I once again couldn't hold back and I'm afraid I nearly smothered poor Rolf, but I started convulsing in another orgasm! I fell forward, and then realized that Rolf was still stroking his cock. I spun around and laid my head on his thigh and watched him closely and whispered to him to keep doing that so I could watch.

I had never seen someone stroke their cock so close before, and it was fascinating. I was a little jealous, because it seemed like a cock was so much more fun to play with! I told him to keep going and make himself cum, and I wanted to observe exactly how he did it so I would get better at it.

Soon, his hand went still, and cum shot from his cock all over his body. I saw him squeeze his cock a little bit and more came out. I looked up, and several men were standing there watching, and I smiled and moved up Rolf's body and slowly licked up the little puddles of cum, and then looked back up and smacked my lips. I was so bad that night!

I moved back down, and saw that his cock hadn't gone soft yet, and I just had to try putting it in my mouth. I had seen hundreds of movie scenes and watched Monika up close, and I knew men liked it a lot if you didn't use your hands at all, so I let my lips slide over his cock and took as much as I could before I came back up and let it fall out again. Luckily I had been practicing with a cucumber (any woman who says they haven't done that is a liar), and I think I did ok.

We moved back to our seats, and I whispered to him, "I can't wait until I can get on top of you and feel you inside of me and make you explode like that! I want to do it every day! I really like you Rolf, you are so much fun."

"Yes, I want that too. And I really like you too."

We stayed for another hour and kissed and explored each other's bodies, and then it was about time to go to the music club he told me about. We got dressed and left the theater after thanking Andrea, and we started walking towards the club. On the way we stopped at a phone booth and I called my parents and told them I was having a great day and that we were going to listen to some music now and not to worry about me. I also said if it got real late I would just stay at Monika's again, and I gave mom her number if she had to contact me.

We went to the club, and we had such a wonderful time. What I liked about Rolf is that he was such a gentleman and so sexy and wild at the same time, and he said the same thing about me! Well, not that I was a gentleman, but that I was really nice and fun. But it had to come to an end, and we walked back to the center of town where the main station was. On the way I called Monika's house, and her husband answered.

"Hi, it's me."

"Yes, I know, hopefully not with bad news?"

"No, not at all! I had a great time! But you said I could stay at your place tonight? I could still go home, but at this hour it would take a long time."

"Of course, I will come get you."

"No, I can take the bus, really."

"I will come get you. It is quicker and Monika will like it if you have more time together."

My God, they were so nice to me! Rolf and I sat on a bench near the main station and waited for him, and when he drove up he got out and met Rolf. They talked a few minutes in German, and afterwards he said Rolf seemed like a good guy. That made me really happy!

We rode to their house, and Monika met me at the door and said, "Two nights together this week. I like that. I soon have to give you a closet to keep your things. And now, tell me everything about tonight."

I really didn't know if I should tell every detail, but I didn't want to lie either. What if I said we didn't go to the theater, but then they went there and Andrea said she met us? So I told the truth, and said we went to the museum, had coffee and cake, then went to the theater, and then to the music club, and that I loved every minute of it.

She kissed me and said, "I'm happy for you, and a bit jealous and afraid you may forget me, but I'm glad you are here now."

"Monika, I will never forget you! I can't wait to lie next to you tonight! That's why I'm here!"

"Ok, I'm glad. We will go to bed now, and also I want to tell you that I talked to a friend today that is about your size, and she has some clothes that she doesn't wear anymore, and she would like to see if some things look good on you. We can visit her this week. She is quite fasionable."

"Oh, that is so great that you think of me! Of course, I would love that!"

We went to bed, and also her husband said he purchased a roll of movie film today, and we could make a 20 minute movie whenever I felt ready. He said it's more difficult than making pictures, so I should think about what I want and experiment to see if it fits within the time frame. So basically, I had to practice having sex with myself, like I didn't do that all the time anyway!

By now, it was accepted that Monika would wrap her arm around me and place her hand on my breast as we fell asleep, and I would push my body against hers. It felt so warm and comfortable, and I liked waking up like that.

We all had our usual breakfast and "shower" the next morning, and I also brought up the issue of birth control, and of course she said she would help me. When I got home, my parents asked me about everything, and although I obviously didn't tell them about the theater, I told them the museum was amazing and the club was so much fun and that I met a lot of nice people. I also said that Rolf was so nice and that he would come over when he has a night off. It was kind of silly that I even cared what they thought since I was now twenty years old, but I'm still glad that I could report that Rolf was nice and we had a great time.

So, there you go! Rolf and I were very compatible, and it wasn't all about sex. He even started coming over to our house to visit, and my dad liked him a lot. And we didn't just have sex dates. We went to the music club a lot, and did day trips around, and I hung out with him at the university. And yes, we had a lot of sex adventures too.

I think the next story will be in the present in Indiana, and after that maybe I'll write about the movie that they made of me and showed in the theater. Bye for now!
