CHAPTER 3: Script

When Light woke up, his head felt like it had been stuffed with cotton. He opened his eyes and everything swam for a moment before stabilizing. He saw rough, red-painted corrugated metal in front of his eyes. Sitting up, he glanced around, his stomach doing a flip as he rose. It looked like the inside of a metal shipping container, the kind that could double as the trailer of a semi-truck. A kind of vibration and motion and distant hum of a motor seemed to confirm his impression.

The inside was dimly lit by round fluorescent lights, scattered at intervals along the upper walls. Their glow did not dispel all the gloom, so shadows gathered in the corners and in the spaces between the lights. Light rubbed at his body. It felt odd, stretched, and overly sensitive, almost like having a hangover.

It was then Light noticed the indistinct human-shaped lump lying at the farthest end from himself. He got up, finding his legs a bit unsteady. Was it still the after-effects of the sleeping gas, or was the floor beneath him swaying very slightly? Perhaps it was a ship?

Light walked slowly toward the figure, seeing it gradually resolve into the unconscious form of Sayu. He didn't bother to check her to see if she was okay. Instead, Light Yagami squatted on his heels and began to think.

Obviously, they had both been kidnapped. It had to be connected to NPA Director Kanichi Takimura's kidnapping, which could only mean it was connected to the death note. Light hadn't killed Takimura fast enough; he must have told his kidnappers names of the people who had originally been assigned to work under L, which would include Soichiro Yagami.

Takimura did not know anything about Kira's power coming from a notebook, but the kidnappers obviously knew, or they wouldn't have been requesting Kira's notebook in return for Kanichi Takimura's life. They must have obtained the tip from one of the many cops present at Higuchi's arrest, one who was close enough to hear Higuchi's confession of how his method worked.

Light silently cursed himself. He should have discovered the names of all those police officers and killed them right away.

But it was now time to deal with the present situation. One obvious way out of it was to wait for Soichiro to give in to the kidnappers' demands. Light wasn't sure if that would work. His dad was so upright and morally concerned that it actually interfered with investigations. Handing the death note over to people sure to abuse it would run counter to Soichiro's basic nature.

The other obvious possibility was somehow using the death note scrap in his watch to launch a plan, except that his watch and all his original clothes were missing. Light was dressed in a simple suit, neither expensive nor inexpensive, and a pair of leather shoes.

Light was trying to consider the least suspicious way to ask for his watch back when he was interrupted by a voice he hadn't heard for a long time, except from himself: L's modulated electronic voice.

For a moment he was terrified it was him. L, somehow back from the dead, though it didn't make any sense. Even if L had managed to fake his death, and Light was sure he hadn't, L wouldn't have waited years before pursuing Kira again. No, there was no way this was L.

The voice said, "I see you are up. As long as you don't make trouble, we won't gas you again and you can spend the rest of the trip in peace. There is a bucket in the corner for your needs, and someone will arrive with food and water in a few hours."

He glanced here and there, focusing to see where the sound was coming from despite the metallic echoes that bounced it around inside the shipping container, and at last spied a small, unobtrusive speaker on the ceiling.

The voice continued, "Do you have any questions?"

When Light answered, he played the part of the frightened abductee, using a shaky voice to request information, asking dozens of questions about what had happened, where they were going, and what the plan was, but the electronic voice didn't respond at all. Perhaps whoever was manning the microphone had left, or perhaps they just didn't feel like providing any answers.

During his tirade, Light calculated and planned. Using L's voice... it meant something. His captors shouldn't know that Light was actually part of the Kira investigation team himself, because Takimura didn't know; they should only know that his father was on the team.

Perhaps they suspected nepotism had put Light on the team. But, more likely, they just wanted to put the maximum pressure possible on Soichiro. Otherwise, the presence of Sayu didn't make sense. Still... that voice. Were the kidnappers stupid enough to think they could impersonate L? To someone who's father had interacted with the real L and for all they knew still did?

Or was it just some kind of joke? L's voice modulator wasn't something you could buy in a store; Light had spent a few weeks tweaking his own program to perfectly imitate it after it had been destroyed in the computer system wipe triggered by Watari's death. Did this mean the kidnappers had already raided task force headquarters, and had picked up the voice modulator there?

Light couldn't come up with any more answers, no matter how long he thought, and pretty soon Sayu revived. She was far more groggy and disoriented than he'd been upon awakening, and he had to explain the basic situation to her three times before it finally sunk in, of course leaving out the death note because Sayu didn't even know that existed.

Light simply told her that he'd heard some kidnappers were pressuring high-ranking members of the NPA who might know something about Kira, and they'd obviously been targeted because of their father's work. Sayu knew Light was also working on the Kira case, but she seemed to get the hint and didn't say anything. Either that or she was just too groggy and shocked to say anything. She retreated into a corner by herself and cried very quietly.

Light was offended that she didn't want to cry on his shoulder. He was her big brother; shouldn't she look to him for comfort? But they'd grown fairly distant since he'd found the death note in the first place. He was always so involved in being Kira, it ate up most of his time and energy, and Sayu had eventually learned that Light just wasn't interested in anything and so she gave him a lot of space.

Still, it hurt. He was creating a new world, a beautiful utopia for the masses, yet his own family members didn't really like him. The distant adoration of thousands was immensely pleasing to him, but it sometimes felt hollow and meaningless. They didn't even know who he was. Light wanted someone who knew who he truly was to deeply love and appreciate him. Someone other than annoying Misa. Her "love" came from mental illness more than anything else, so it didn't count. It was just her stupid "love at first sight" delusion.

The electronic voice did not speak again, but a man with brown spiky hair, a thick mustache, and muscular arms covered with tattoos made periodic visits, to bring meals laid out on cafeteria trays and to replace the toilet bucket. He barely said anything, just a few gruff replies in English that held no useful information whatsoever, and the look in his eyes clearly said that questions weren't welcome.

Neither Light nor Sayu had a watch, so they couldn't tell what time it was, but Light had a good internal sense of time, and he was sure it had been about a day when a series of different sensations of motion occurred, along with ear-popping, much like a plane landing on a runway, and then the muffled sound of an engine stopped.

L's electronic voice said, "It will only be a few more hours until we reach our destination."

Sayu pulled herself further into a crouch and whimpered, but Light replied, "Where are you taking us?"

There was a kind of giggle over the voice modulator, but no answer. Light found himself wanting to come apart inside. That voice... he knew it couldn't be L, no way, but it was immensely unsettling to hear it. It was giving him an eerie feeling, and he knew he'd need to watch himself so his emotions didn't lead him into a misstep. He was afraid of L, very afraid.

He'd been frightened of L ever since that "I am L" incident at the To-Oh University freshman ceremonies. L knew how to throw him off-balance, continually pushing Light so that he had to use every trick he could think of just to stay slightly ahead.

If it hadn't been for some luck on Light's side, he knew he very easily could have lost to L. Something as simple as not having that chance meeting with Naomi Misora or having a surprise search at the wrong moment could have led to a victory for L. And the voice kept making him think of L, kept making him subconsciously expect to see L, alive, confronting him the moment the shipping container opened.

Light did not want that image, that expectation, haunting his thoughts. He needed to stay calm and not trip up.

There were some jerky movements of the shipping container and then something that felt like a slow spin. Light imagined the shipping container was being dangled from a crane. Then there were some loud, hard-to-identify sounds at just one end followed by the rev of a motor, a sound like a big truck. The motor noise continued, and that, along with the vibrations and the sounds from underneath, like wheels on a road, led Light to believe that the shipping container was now acting as the trailer for a semi-truck, and they were being driven somewhere.

Light tried to deduce from the patterns of movement whether they were in a country that drove on the right side or the left side of the road, but eventually gave up on it. Every turn the semi-truck took was so wide that it was hard to tell just from the physical sensations felt inside the trailer; Light couldn't say whether the right turns or the left turns were wider.

Sayu had lapsed into an abnormal silence. She also looked unusually pale. Light wanted to go comfort her but, she hadn't cried on his shoulder, she hadn't reached out to him for comfort, so he took a kind of perverse pleasure in her silent struggle with fear. She was a family member, she really ought to love and look up to him more than she did. Perhaps this experience would teach her to appreciate the good things in life and not emotionally abandon her brother just because he'd done so to her.

That was the proper role of a woman. To continue to respond warmly to men even if those men were only cold in return. Misa, annoying as she was, at least realized that much. Light's mother knew it too. Sachiko Yagami was always responsive and appreciative no matter how much time her husband was away from home, and despite the exhausted silences that were often her only reward those few times when Soichiro did return from work before she went to sleep.

Light had learned the lesson well in his family. Women were there to be used when needed, for food, for companionship, for household chores, and then ignored when the need subsided. It was only men that you could have real relationships with, real friendships.

Somewhere in his musings, Light drifted off to sleep. He was extremely annoyed with himself when he jerked awake. He'd been exhausted but had known the end of the trip was near and he hadn't wanted to miss anything. His body had betrayed him. Although, not quite. He hadn't missed his chance. The sound of the motor was gone and there was no longer any movement or vibration. He'd surely woken in response to those changed cues. Light then heard muffled footsteps outside, and considered his options.

Getting out of the shipping container would happen soon, if it ever happened, and that might be an opportunity for escape. It all depended on how professional the kidnappers were. If they weren't too smart, they'd leave some loophole. However, Light knew he needed to either escape together with Sayu or make sure she was killed.

If he escaped but Sayu was left alive and in captivity, there would still be a risk of Soichiro handing over the death note, and that was unacceptable. For Soichiro to save Light's life at the cost of one death note was okay if that ended up being the only choice, but Sayu's life wasn't that valuable.

Light eyed his sister, and thought about the possibility of going over there and strangling her to death. No, that was bad for several reasons. If there wasn't an opportunity for escape coming up, that action would be difficult to explain to the kidnappers and could make them highly suspicious, thus cutting off opportunities for later plans. Also, it might be possible to use a live Sayu in some way to help engineer an escape and, if worst came to worst and Light was escaping in a hail of bullets, it would be nice to have a live Sayu to be a meat shield for those bullets.

When the end of the shipping container opened, Light expected to see a group of people, but instead he just saw the same lone guy who'd brought them their meals, the man with brown hair and muscular heavily-tattooed arms, and, beyond him, a bright landscape of paved areas, gravel, chain-link fences and vast rows of parked construction equipment such as bulldozers and cranes.

Light's hopes began to rise. Could this possibly be a one-man kidnapping operation? If there were others, why had they sent just one guy to control two people? Weren't they afraid of escape? Although, this one guy was built like a tower of muscle and every bit of his body language exuded experience and danger. It would not be simple to merely run for it.

The big brown-haired guy introduced himself for the first time, as "Manny," and then brought them a short distance to two stinking porta-potties, little plastic booths with flies buzzing around outside and graffiti completely covering them. Manny shoved each of them a plastic bag and told them to get dressed inside.

Manny said, "Boss decided you can have your old clothes back."

Sayu numbly entered one booth, and Light entered the other one a moment later, only looking into his bag once he was inside, trying to ignore the stench rising from the uncleaned cesspool that rose nearly to the toilet seat. Light saw the clothes he'd been wearing when kidnapped, and, after a bit of poking around, his watch. It had happened, just like that? This was so simple. The issue he'd been sweating over for so long had been solved without him needing to do a thing.

He glanced around the dimness of the porta-potty instinctively, searching for any hidden cameras, but saw none. Being under L's suspicion in the past had induced a kind of permanent paranoia in him. Then, Light pulled the knob four times and the little compartment slid out, showing him his scrap of death note and the needle to use as an emergency pen.

Wonderful. All he needed was something he was sure was a real name, and he could certainly put some plan in motion. His captors couldn't possibly suspect they'd actually captured Kira, could they? No, there was no way.

However, crooks everywhere had become very attached to the use of aliases in recent years. There was little chance of getting their real names without the shinigami eyes. Light had always known he'd never trade for those unless he was certain he was in a situation where he had to choose between half a life and no life at all. However, even if such a situation arose in the course of this kidnapping incident, Rem was dead, and no other shinigami was around, so there was no chance of making that trade.

Light silently cursed himself as he got dressed. He didn't expect he'd have to trade for the shinigami eyes, after all he was very resourceful, but he did wish he hadn't killed Rem. He'd discarded her too early, and he hadn't even killed Misa right after Rem's death like he'd originally thought he would. As long as he intended to keep Misa alive, there was no particular reason to get rid of Rem. Even the totally clean alibi she'd provided him for L's death and Watari's death wasn't quite worth killing her; he could have accomplished basically the same thing by controlling Wedy to smuggle cameras inside the investigation center.

Eye deal or not, having a shinigami on his side could have proved useful at a number of points. Rem could have done surveillance work for him or fiddled with evidence, and, at a time like this, she could probably steal keys and bring them to him. Ryuk was almost useless except for very small jobs and, besides, he was still attached to Misa so he couldn't do anything about the kidnappers.

When Light came out of the porta-potty, Manny said, "Light, you speak English, so tell that bitch to behave. I'm gonna take you to a public place downtown and take your picture. Neither of you will go very far from me, or I'll shoot you. I've got a gun on me in a hidden holster."

The man reached into his vest where there didn't even seem to be a bulge, and pulled a small pistol halfway out. He said, "I can draw it in a flash so don't try nothin. Stick together and stay a few steps in front of me at all times unless I say otherwise. If I have to choose only one to shoot, it's you, Light. Girls are better hostages anyway. But I can get new hostages to replace you, so don't think I won't shoot you both. I will. Just one scream, and you're dead."

Light knew Sayu understood English, but her face looked blank and the guy had a horrendous gruff distortion to his speech, so Light repeated the instructions. Inwardly, Light was pissed. This might have been a good opportunity to kill Sayu in the process of escaping himself, but if his captor was gunning for him personally, that kind of escape plan was too risky unless just the right situation presented itself. Light resolved to closely monitor things to see if a get-Sayu-killed-and-escape opportunity presented itself.

Although Light was highly vigilant throughout their trip, there was no such opportunity. If he'd known Manny's real name, yes, there were points at which he could have casually hidden his hands from view and written on the death note paper, but there were no good chances to flee. Manny took them to a public square in what looked like a run-down but not too awful section of town. By this point, Light was certain he was in America in a large city, probably Los Angeles.

Manny casually pointed out a camera mounted high up on a street lamp and told them it was a live web cam. While he stood on a corner out of view but with a good angle for shooting, he had Light and Sayu parade in front of it, making sure they faced the camera so they could be identified easily. When the two siblings returned to him, he quickly pushed them into the back of a van with five scary-looking guys who tied them up and blindfolded them.

I knew it! It wasn't a one-man kidnapping operation. Why, then, didn't at least two guys watch us during the maneuver we just did? Is it because I'm so slender they think I'm no threat as long as I'm unarmed? Or were the additional guys lurking out of sight the entire time?

Soon they were being led out of the van, still tied and blindfolded, along a complicated path that included navigating stairs. Light could hear Sayu whimpering the entire time, but the kidnappers said nothing. This was bad. If they'd been schooled to keep quiet and not give away anything, they probably weren't amateurs and that would make them harder to deal with. Still, Light was certain he could outsmart anyone, get out of nearly any situation. As long as they didn't just kill him suddenly because of, for example, an outright refusal by Soichiro, then Light would have some time to get together a plan.

Light found himself and Sayu ushered into a place that, once their blindfolds were removed, turned out to be a holding cell that was exactly like a jail cell. Two cots, one toilet with a partial wall for courtesy, one sink. The floor and two walls were plain, unpainted cement, thick iron bars along two other sides. Sayu immediately sank onto one cot, her face a mask of shock, and curled up facing the wall, wrapping herself in a blanket even though it wasn't cold.

Light took the time to instead study his kidnappers, who arrayed themselves on the other side of the bars as if waiting for something. He would remember their faces. Every single one of them looked like a hardened criminal. Even if these men had never been caught for any crimes, Light was sure they had at least been suspected for some lesser crimes. As L, he would be able to request databases of such people from American law enforcement agencies and scan the photos until he found the right men, and then have Misa kill them with her eyes.

It was really no problem if these guys obtained the death note. Light would later control them into giving it back and dying. They had no idea how much trouble they were in.

In fact, Light now considered that his best possible plan was doing exactly that. If his kidnappers gave him any chance to talk to his dad, he needed to convince him to hand over the death note. It would leave Light alive and able to manipulate the situation perfectly as soon as he got home.

Then, Light heard the unmistakable sound of boots coming down the hallway. From the body language of the guys in front of him, he was sure the leader was arriving. Light's heart speeded up. This guy was the most important one. Light might not be able to control the underlings into returning the death note if he couldn't get the leader too. Also, the leader might be wily enough to not be in any law enforcement databases and to disappear by himself, perhaps killing off his underlings, the moment the death note entered his possession. The leader was the critical person Light absolutely needed to be able to control.

Then the leader strolled into view and Light had to struggle to keep his mouth from falling open. He was a she. A slender, tall woman who looked perhaps nineteen, nothing at all like a crime boss should look. This woman had shoulder-length blonde hair just like Misa, and had a slightly similar taste in clothing, particularly with being loaded down with crosses and favoring black, but everything else about her aura and demeanor was exactly what Misa wasn't. Light found himself getting hard. This was the kind of woman he thought about when he touched himself.

She looked physically and mentally strong, and she was dressed in tight leather pants accentuating narrow hips and a leather vest that looked like it concealed small yet shapely breasts. She unconcernedly brought a bar of chocolate to her lips and bit off a piece as her eyes studied Light.

"Hi. I'm Mello."

When Mello spoke, the illusion shattered. This was definitely a male. Light was shocked at his mistake. Even with that slender physique, he should have guessed from the semi-broad shoulders. But, Light's erection was still as insistent as ever. It hadn't gotten the message. If he could talk with it, he would roll his eyes sarcastically and give it a good scolding, but there was no way to reason with his penis. Unfortunately, he'd always had a thing for men who looked like women. He'd never acted on it. He'd always had reasons not to.

There was too much to do as Kira to have much of a personal life, and it wasn't wise to cheat as long as Misa had a death note. Knowing her, she'd get some hint of it and kill, just like she'd threatened to do with the women he'd dated as cover during his university days, and then perhaps the task force would get suspicious again.

Besides, he'd always told himself that a homosexual relationship wouldn't suit him. It didn't fit his image of himself and he didn't want some male lover letting out the secret. Additionally, he had his doubts about the physical aspects of it. He had no problem with the idea of receiving oral sex and acting as the seme for anal sex, but almost any lover he acquired would want him to perform the opposite roles on occasion, and that sounded gross for oral sex and painful for anal sex. It was easier to just stick with women so the body parts were more compatible. But, still, his erection didn't listen to his brain.

Light replied, "I'm sure you know I'm Light Yagami."

Mello said, "Your father has already been contacted with our request for ransom. The first time he didn't believe we really had you two, so we pulled that stunt with the web cam and now he does, but he's resisting. He doesn't want to hand over the murder notebook to criminals. We're going to pressure him."

Mello shoved a sheaf of paper through the bars and said, "I thought you might like the full information about what we'll do."

Light looked at what he held. A bunch of pages held together by staples in the corner. The entire thing was messy, and the first page simply said, "Title: What You Will Do."

Light opened to the next page. It looked like a script, describing a scene between two people, one designated "rapist" and the other designated "victim." Light scanned it with a sick feeling in his stomach and noticed immediately that it was kinky. There was an enema involved, along with lots of role-playing with dominant/submissive behavior, the victim referring to the rapist as "master" and begging to be violated.

Light was sure his face must have looked incredibly shocked, because all the criminals surrounding Mello began to laugh.

With a wave of his hand, Mello quieted them and said, "Light, I'm going to give you and your sister a few choices. Tonight, you'll talk with her and decide together which one of you is going to get raped. Then the victim will choose a rapist from my men and myself. If you don't make a decision, I'll choose for you. The resulting video will be sent to your father. I'm sure he'll send the murder notebook and, if he doesn't, we'll just keep making more videos and sending them."

Light could hear Sayu crying behind him, but he didn't look back. He kept his eyes on Mello.

Mello said, "If you try anything weird, we'll kill you. Try to get some rest while you can."

Then, with another casual bite of his chocolate bar, he smiled, a demonic sort of smile, and after one last glance at Light and Sayu, walked away with his men following behind.

Light thought furiously. The idea of being raped was not important. The important thing was to win. Mello was the biggest problem in all this. He didn't look anything like a crime boss should look, and Light had the feeling that Mello's photo might not be in any law enforcement databases.

Light needed to guarantee he could get a photo of Mello in front of Misa's eyes. The sex video was a way to do it. Mello had given him a situation that could be exploited almost perfectly for that purpose. Light needed to either select Mello himself or make sure Sayu selected Mello.

Light wasn't sure he could convince Sayu to select Mello, especially in her stunned mental state, and he could see the surveillance camera watching the cell and he thought it might be suspicious if the criminals saw him trying to convince his sister to select Mello. If his sister was getting raped, why should he think one man was a better choice?

So, he should probably volunteer to be the victim himself. He could easily pass it off as protecting his sister. Additionally, there was another issue. There was a chance Soichiro might destroy the video, and Light needed to make sure that didn't happen.

Light knew his father. If it were Sayu getting raped, Soichiro would be likely to destroy the video in a fit of rage and shame, even though it was evidence that might help to convict the criminals. He was much more protective of his daughter than his son. Also, if it was obviously rape, of either Sayu or Light, there was a chance of provoking the same reaction and thus causing destruction of the video.

The best way to make sure the video survived long enough for Misa's eyes to see Mello's identity was for the video to involve Light, and for it to look as if Light were enjoying himself. Soichiro would still be immensely sickened, but he'd be more likely to act rationally and preserve the video in that case.

Yes, Light would be the "victim" and everything would work out exactly as planned. With that decision made, Light almost wanted to smile, but he put a traumatized expression on his face and went over to his sister to comfort her and act exactly like a worried brother should in this situation.

Light put his hands on Sayu's shoulders and said, "Don't worry. I'll protect you. They'll never touch you, because I'll volunteer for the rape. Please stop crying, Sayu."

Sayu's sobs became slightly quieter, but other than that she didn't react or say anything. After holding Sayu's shoulders for the exact amount of time Light judged was suitable for the situation, he moved over to his own cot and drifted off to sleep.

A/N (Author's Note):

Next chapter is a short one from Mello's point of view. We get to find out what Mello was actually up to with the weird things he did.

I feel sorry for poor Sayu in this. Her serial killer brother is guilt-tripping her.

And he's thinking misogynistic thoughts.