They don't risk crossing the border. Instead, they drive east along it. Night falls, and Veronica begins to look for a place to stay the night.

"Is there like a rule that we have to stay at the crappiest place possible?" Logan drives, glancing over his shoulder to look at Veronica.

"They tend to be less suspicious when you insist on paying in cash." Veronica shrugs. "I'm pretty new at this 'on the lam' stuff too."

They compromise and stop at a Holiday Inn. Logan switches on the TV, flipping through the channels until he gets to a news station. The scrolling banner at the bottom of the screen tells him that the jury is still out on his father's trial. Logan sighs and lies down on the bed. He is joined by Weevil and Veronica, who shivers slightly.

"You cold?" Logan looks at her, concerned. "Here, lay in the middle. Weevil's like a furnace."

"What can I say?" Weevil shrugs. Veronica switches places with Logan, and she falls asleep with two pairs of arms around her.

In the morning, Logan waits until Veronica is awake, and then he kisses her. She looks at him questioningly and feels Weevil's arms tighten around her waist. She turns to look at him, and Weevil kisses her. Logan's kiss had been gentle, but Weevil's kiss is strong and deep. Weevil pulls back and leans over her to kiss Logan. They share a passionate kiss before turning their attention back to Veronica.

Logan kisses her, moving his hands under the hem of her shirt. Weevil kisses her neck and strokes her thigh as Logan's hands move up to her breasts. Veronica gasps as his hands brush her nipples, and then moans as Weevil's hand moves between her legs. Logan removes her shirt, and Weevil begins to kiss his way down her body. Veronica kisses Logan as Weevil pulls off her underwear and goes down on her. She pants into Logan's mouth as he caresses her stomach. She comes, her stomach muscles contracting as Weevil twists his tongue inside her.

Breathlessly, she pulls Weevil back up toward her. He kisses her and then Logan, who pulls Weevil's head toward him and explores his mouth. Logan's hand moves down to Weevil's cock and he begins to stroke him. Veronica sits up and moves his hand away, taking Weevil into her mouth, making him moan. Logan sits back and watches them, lightly stroking himself as Weevil runs his hand over Veronica's hair. Weevil comes, looking at Veronica incredulously.

She smiles and then moves to Logan. She straddles him, throwing her head back as he enters her. They build up a rhythm, and Logan reaches his hand out to Weevil, who moves closer. They kiss, and Weevil touches Veronica's breasts as she moves on top of Logan. Veronica comes, and Logan breathes in harsh gasps before he comes as well. He slips out of Veronica, and she collapses between him and Weevil, kissing them both lightly before lying back with a contented sigh.

They doze for a while before Veronica stirs and looks at the clock.

"We need to get moving." She sits up, only to be pulled back down by two pairs of arms.

Logan groans and mumbles, "…stay until check out time," and she lies back and runs her fingers through his hair. Veronica knows that they shouldn't stay in one place longer than they have to, but when Weevil strokes her cheek, she allows her eyes to drift shut once again.