Some parental explanations.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 25 (MF, 1st, ds, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"So that was why I..." His mother lowered her voice, "...sucked you off?"

"Yeah, you couldn't help it, Mom. I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner, but I didn't really know how. I thought I could find some way to mask the scent or something."

Maureen looked thoughtful. "So how many women have you had sex with? And please tell me you used protection, young man!"

"Shh! Yes, I did my best to be safe." He had tried, he assured himself.

"I know a white lie when I hear it, JJ. How many?"

JJ thought. "I...honestly don't know anymore, Mom. Women were coming up to me every day, and some of them wouldn't take no for an answer, like Margeau."

"Who?"

"The crazy Frenchie earlier." JJ waved at the door.

"Oh, my poor handsome boy..." His mother moved toward him.

"Mom! Breathe through your mouth!"

"Oh!" Maureen moved back. "It's so hard to remember to do that..."

"Yeah, and don't mention that trick to anyone else. I don't want to let Carmen and le goons know we know about it."

They heard the door in the viewing room open and former Agent Carmen Sandoval entered with the other French female...agent? Terrorist? Were they in France now, JJ wondered? That seemed unlikely.

"Morning!" Carmen called through the speaker. "We'll be examining your sperm, since you were kind enough to leave so much of it inside your latest conquest."

"Did you hurt her?" JJ had been angry at Margeau's rough treatment of him, and had treated her poorly in return, but he didn't want her to be injured or killed.

"No...we still need to figure out why she responded to you while none of the others did. It's obvious that neither you nor your dad have full control of your pheromones. What's the missing piece of this puzzle, JJ?"

JJ just stared at her.

"We'll figure it out...we just need time, which we have plenty of." Then Carmen turned off the mic.

---

"JJ!"

Marti had hammered on JJ's front door, and then tried his bedroom window, but it was firmly closed this time. The family's car was gone, but JJ hadn't told her they were going anywhere.

Then Marti had a dark thought. She dialed JJ's dad's number.

---

"What do you mean, you released the video?! You fucking idiot!" Marti screamed at John.

"Whoa! Hey, dial it back, Marti," John advised her. "I took care of the problem. Carmen would have been fired right away, and all the work she did investigating us would have been discredited. Win-win!"

"John, now she has nothing to lose! She's a wild card. Goddamnit!" She hung up on him, tears in her eyes, and called the police.

---

John hung up the phone. "Well, that's annoying."

The slim young woman sucking his cock stopped and pulled back, concerned. "Hmm?"

He looked down at the auburn-haired teen beauty. Her irises were all blown out from the effect of his pheromones, so he knew that she would do anything he asked of her. She kind of reminded him of Marti from the picture JJ had sent him. That'll do, he thought to himself. "Get up onto the bed, hands and knees, bitch."

She gulped. "Sniff! Yes sir," and complied, her cute little butt in the air.

John smacked dat ass, hard.

"OH!" she cried, uncertain of how she felt about that. She had come into the brothel on her 18th birthday with her school friend on a lark just to see what it was all about, and then this man had appeared and practically swept her off her feet and into his room. She had no idea where her friend was, nor did she care at this point.

Smack! "Oh!" That had been her other ass cheek, and now both were smarting.

Then his cock speared into her wet pussy, ripping her virginity asunder. "AAAH!" she screamed into the bedspread. She felt him thrusting into her no longer virginal insides and cried. The pain cleared her head a little, and she realized that the man hadn't put a condom on!

"Mister...OH!" John had smacked her ass again. She drew in a heavy breath to ask him to stop, but then her mind became scattered again. His thrusting was starting to become pleasurable, as were the occasional smacks on her butt. Like a skipping record, her mind tried to remember what had been bothering her. Condo-something...condominium? Why would she be thinking of real estate while this hot guy was fucking her? She giggled.

Soon the pain of her deflowering was gone, replaced with a mind-numbing pleasure. Her nipples were harder than she remembered them ever being before. Sex was incredible, she realized!

"You ready to take my cum, Marti?" John asked the girl as he thrust into her harder.

Who's Marti, the girl wondered? Cum, cum, what was it about that word that bothered her? Smack! "Oh!"

"Uhh! Here's a load of my boys, Marti, you bitch!" John grabbed the young woman's hips and thrust as deep as possible.

As the first spurt of his sperm-laden semen splashed into the senior student's previously unplumbed depths, his seminal hormones connected with the pheromonal ones she had been breathing in, creating a sexual feedback loop that electrified her pleasure center. "Unhh!" she groaned as an orgasm exploded from within her vagina and rushed throughout her body. She shook in pleasure as John inseminated her unprotected fertile body again and again. As his cum splashed against her cervix, her uterus opened in welcome and some of it slipped inside. Now free within her most sacred depths, his sperm began to explore their new surroundings, searching for her egg.

John pulled out, making the girl gasp, and thought for a moment. If Carmen had grabbed JJ, then they'd have the boy's phone. He grabbed his own phone, extracted the SIM card, and snapped it in half. No tracking me now, Carmen, he thought.

He cleaned up and got dressed. He would have to get out of town, he realized, or Carmen might track him down through his previous calls with JJ. He never should have stayed so long.

---

Regan was finishing up her pudding when Marti burst into her hospital room. "Where's JJ?!"

"Jeez! Oh, you're Marti, right?" She had seen her stepbrother hanging around with the slim girl. There's no accounting for taste, Regan noted to herself...this girl could do better than JJ. "Nobody knows where he is, or my mom. My dad's still recovering from his surgery." She gestured to the other bed in the room, where a severely injured man lay sleeping, bandages wrapped about his head.

Marti rushed forward. "I need you to tell me everything you remember about the crash."

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)