Miranda And The Boys
by Pablocruz713

Miranda And The Boys Pt. 01

A budding exhibitionist meets a group of admirers.

Miranda had moved to the big city at the beginning of the summer. As soon as she graduated from high school she made plans to move out of parents house and out from under their over bearing restrictions. Having turned 18 the summer before her senior year she was looking forward to her 19th birthday and living life on her own terms. She found a job as a receptionist and an apartment with a roommate.

This warm June morning she found herself strolling through one of the city's many green parks. She had noticed four young men sitting at picnic table and decided to have some fun. Wearing a short, white summer dress with a floral print and buttons running down the front of the dress, underneath she wore a bright yellow lace thong and a matching lacy bra. She sat down on a low brick wall facing the men. While sitting she perused her phone while purposely shifting her legs and body to give the men glances at her lacy bright yellow thong.

The men quickly took notice of the young woman and her panties. Miranda was a striking young lady with light brown skin, due to Hispanic heritage, she wasn't super skinny as she had a curvy body but did not have any extra fat on her. She had perky C cup breasts and a round shapely butt and stood 5'5" tall. She had long wavy dark brown hair and beautiful green eyes. The men tried to not be too obvious in their stares but she knew they were looking, that's what she wanted. She even went so far as putting her right leg up on the wall which exposed the crotch of her bright yellow panties to the group. This action caused them to forego any pretense of not looking and they all openly gawked at the petty woman. Miranda for her part pretended to not notice and acted like she was engrossed in her phone but she was surreptitiously looking at them over phone. The reactions on their faces was getting her very aroused and she felt the dampness in her panties.

Across the cement pathway the men were gobstruck at their incredible luck to witness such a scene, as all four men seated at the concrete picnic table were what most people would consider geeks or nerds. This was the main reason Miranda chose them for her little show, she believed they would be too timid to approach her and harass or attack her. Little did she know that one of them would be able to conjure up the nerve to actually approach her. At the table sat the four men, who were only one year out high school themselves and had just completed their first year of college together, Kyle, Ricky, Justin and Dan. Kyle was the de facto leader of the group as he had the most confidence and was fairly outgoing, Ricky had a habit of blurting out what ever was on his mind. Kyle had recently begun reading shelf help books about being more assertive and how to talk to girls.

In an attempt to use the tips he learned from his books Kyle said, "I'm going to go talk to her ". The others were incredibly shocked and urged him not to. But he just shrugged and said, "what's the worst that could happen". The guys offered some suggestions involving the police, or weapons, or mace and even a swift kick in the nuts.

Undeterred Kyle stood and walked toward the girl. Miranda for her part had not noticed this as she was somewhat caught up in her own arousal, so she was shocked to suddenly see this man standing in front of her. So caught off guard was she that it took her a few seconds to realize her foot was still up on the wall and her damp panties were in full up close view to this strange man. After a few seconds she came to her senses and put her foot on the ground and brought her knees together, but not after he got a very good look at her crotch. The thought that he might have even been able to get a glimpse of her aroused pussy through the thin lace of her thong made her blush a bit. He had in fact got a long good look at her panties and as he got closer he could even make out the pink flesh inside her pussy through the thin yellow lace and this caused him to become aroused also, although it was not easily noticeable through his long baggy shorts.

"Hello, nice day to go to the park and enjoy this lovely weather we are having", he said paraphrasing one the pickup lines from his book.

Miranda responded by saying, "yes it is a lovely day to take a stroll and enjoy the sights".

Meanwhile the other guys were utterly amazed that Kyle had not gotten maced yet and that she kept leg up on the wall the whole time he was walking toward her, imagining the view he got to take in.

"Can't believe he did it," said Dan as the three guys sat in astonishment as they watched their friend talk up this beautiful woman. They couldn't hear what was said but after a couple of minutes the woman stood up and she followed Kyle as they both walked back to the table. Upon reaching the table Kyle motioned for her to have a seat and she slid in next to Dan with Justin and Ricky on the other side facing her. Kyle sat at the end on her other side. Once seated Kyle made introductions, telling the guys this is Miranda, then introducing each of the guys. He then goes on to explain she just moved into town and wants them to show her around since she has no friends here. All the guys nod in agreement but stay mostly silent as none of them have any experience talking to girls.

To fill the silence she starts to make small talk, but suddenly out of the blue Ricky blurts out, "did you show us your panties on purpose". The rest of the guys start groaning and yelling at Ricky.

Miranda sheepishly says, "kind of... yeah". This admission causes them all to become silent, but after a few seconds she starts to explain by saying, "I've never done anything like this before and I think I might be an exhibitionist". She continues and explains that she didn't think they would actually talk to her.

Justin asks if she is embarrassed now and she says "no just very turned on".

Ricky then asks if she willing to show them more to which the guys intently watch her reaction. She silently mulls it over and asks what they had in mind to which Kyle asks if she would show them her bra. After considering it she looks all around them to make sure there is nobody else around after ensuring nobody else can see them she slowly starts unbuttoning the top buttons on her dress. She unbuttons all the way down to her belly just above her belly button. She then gingerly slips the shoulder straps off each shoulder and lets the dress fall to her waist. She sits like that as the guys take in her lacy bright yellow bra that matches her panties. The bra covers the lower part of her grapefruit sized boobs with the thin frilly lace just barely extending past her nipples which are partially visible through the lace. They all continue to stare with Dan and Kyle turned sideways on the bench seat staring down at her tits.

After about a couple minutes she glances around them and starts to get nervous, so she reaches down and pulls the dress up over her shoulders but does not button it up yet. The guys are still staring in silence at her bright bra which is still visible through the unbuttoned dress. After another minute she starts slowly buttoning up the dress. She is going slowly and having trouble because her hands are shaking due to the overstimulation of have just been topless in a public park. Kyle sees she is having trouble and says, "here let me help", and reaches over and starts buttoning up her dress while rubbing backs of his hands on her breasts. All the stimulation and now the touching causes her to start to breathe heavy and the rising of her chest creates even more contact with Kyle's hands. After he finishes buttoning up leaving the top two buttons undone she starts fanning herself with her hands. Visibly flushed, breathing heavy and starting to sweat Miranda looks a mess.

Justin asks her, "are you ok, is there anything we can do for you ".

She says, "I just need to..." she doesn't finish the the sentence.

"You look like you need to cool off," says Justin he continues by saying, "I have a pool and my parents are gone for the weekend, we should go swimming."

"That's a great idea," adds Kyle, the rest of the guys nod in agreement.

Miranda also nods and quietly says, " ok, that sounds like fun."

The five of them pile into Dan's car and drive several blocks away to Justin's house. She follows the guys into and through the house to the backyard which has a large in-ground pool with a diving board. As the guys start taking off their shoes and shirts it dawns on Miranda that she doesn't have a swim suit to wear, so as all the guys now clad in only shorts stand around her looking expectantly at her, she realizes what they want so she starts unbuttoning her dress. After all the buttons are undone she slips the dress off her shoulders and drapes it over a patio chair next to her. Standing in front of them in only her yellow bra and panties she pauses letting them get a long look, but in her mind she is contemplating what to do next. She knows she could stop there and they would be happy, but part of her doesn't want to stop there.

As she is standing in front of them having her internal debate they just stand there enjoying the view, then all of sudden without consciously thinking it her hands reach up behind her back and reach for the clasp of her bra. As she does this the guys mouths go slack and their eyes get wide disbelieving what they are witnessing and then it happens she undoes the clasp and pulls the bra straps off her shoulders and casually, without covering up, drops the bra on the chair. She continues to stand in front of them dropping her arms to her sides. The guys openly gawk at her while she has another debate in her head, but this one is just for show as she has already decided what she is going to do. She stands there a little longer to let them get a good look at her tits before continuing.

After about a minute she figures it's time and reaches for her hips then grabs the sides of her panties and ever so slowly she eases them down over her hips only pausing for a few seconds when reaching her pussy then in one quick motion she yanks her panties to her knees exposing her shaved pussy. She then stands up straight and wiggles her hips causing her panties to fall to her ankles, finally she picks them up with her toes and deposits them on the chair.

Now she places her hands on her hips and lets the guy stare at her nude body. Due to her complexion she appears to have an all over body tan, evenly light brown everywhere. Her excitement has caused her to perspire leaving glistening sheen on her whole body. As the guys stare in utter astonishment at this naked, glistening, brown, Latina goddess before them not a single word is spoken.

After about a minute Miranda realizes she needs to say something so she asks, "who wants to go swimming." Miranda speaking snapped the guys out of their trance, while they were coming to their senses she started slowly walking toward the deep end where the diving board was located. By the time she reached the diving board two of the guys had already jumped into the pool while the other two were intently staring at her. She walked out onto the diving board and stretched her arms up over her head this gave the guys a wonderful view of her entire naked body. She remained in this position for a little while allowing the guys to fully inspect her nude body they could see her tight shaved pussy and pert round tits.

Finally she gracefully dived into the water she swam the entire length of the pool without coming to the surface. She stood up in the shallow end and whipped back her long brown hair, and water was streaming down her nude body and the guys were in heaven at the sight before them. After her dive the other two guys also jumped into the pool she splashed some of the guys and dove back into the pool and started swimming around. They swam around and splashed each other and frolicked in the water sometimes hands made contact with her naked body but she didn't mind sometimes it was accidental and sometimes it was on purpose but she was slowly getting more and more turned on.

After an hour or so she decided she wanted to get out so she walked to the shallow end and slowly walked out of the pool. Standing on the patio with water cascading off her body she asked the boys, "does anyone have a towel". Quickly Justin jumped out of the pool and ran over to a cupboard on the side of the patio and pulled out towels for everyone. She made a show of slowly drying herself off without letting the towel cover much of her body. When she was done drying she dropped the towel over her chair and turned toward the boys and asked them, "what should I wear bra and panties or just the dress without any underwear underneath?"

As the boys debated her clothing options she feigned annoyance and placed both hands on her hips. Finally Ricky spoke and asked, "why do you need to wear something can't you just stay naked."

She replied, "because I want to be comfortable." She then continued by offering a compromise and asked , "what if I wear my dress but I won't button it up?" This option seemed to please all the guys with them all nodding in agreement.

So she walked over the chair containing her clothes, picked up her dress and draped it over her body unbuttoned. At first her tits were partially covered and her pussy fully exposed but as she sat down in an empty chair the sides of the dress fell away baring the entire front of her body. As she slouched back into the chair and opened her legs her pussy slit was exposed. The boys could clearly see the glistening pink flesh inside her vagina. The boys all sat down in chairs facing her, their arousal was plainly evident and she enjoyed the attention.

They sat and talked for awhile as the subject of sex came up she soon learned that all the boys were virgins and only two ever had a girlfriend. Although the two who had had girlfriends only ever kissed the girls and nothing else. Miranda herself only ever had two boyfriends because her parents were super strict and had to keep them secret, but still had sex a few times with them.

She asked the two never kissed boys, Ricky and Justin, "you guys have never even kissed a girl before," they nodded and bowed their head in shame. But she reassured them by saying, "don't be embarrassed I think it's sweet," then she added, "maybe I can help you out with that," to this the boys perked up and smiled.

Kyle groaned, "what about us."

She smiled and replied, " I can kiss all of you," this made all the boys smile she stood up and walked over to a chaise lounge, without ever adjusting her dress and sat down. She patted the spot next to her and said, "Justin you can go first since this is your house." Justin meekly walked over to her and sat down next to her as he did she turned at an angle toward him, he followed suit. She leaned toward him and put her hand on the side of his face and neck then she kissed him with her open mouth. He instinctively open his mouth too and they kissed deeply, his hand wandered up to her uncovered breast after touching it he quickly withdrew but she reassured him by saying, "you can touch me anywhere you want," so he put his hand back on her breast and began fondling it.

The other boys became very excited hearing her words and began thinking about where to touch her. After about three or four minutes of kissing she broke off and wiped her mouth then said, "Ricky your next." To which Justin went back to his seat and Ricky replaced him. When Ricky sat down they started kissing and both of his hands immediately went to her tits, and he was much more aggressive and rough in his groping. After roughly same amount of time she broke off and said it was Dan's turn to kiss.

Dan put one hand on a tit and the other hand went down to her crotch and started rubbing her pussy but only touching the exposed outside part of her pussy which was still very much sopping wet and engorged. Their time lasted a little longer then the others, maybe she was hoping his fingers would find their way inside her wet pussy. Anyway she broke off but he left his hand on her pussy so his reached down and grabbed his hand then brought it to her mouth put his fingers in her mouth and sucked off all her own juices.

Now she called Kyle who had been patiently waiting his turn and planning his move. When they started kissing he also put one hand on a tit and the other on her vagina but instead of staying on the outside he immediately thrust a finger into her sopping wet pussy. This caused her to react with a moan so he quickly put in a second finger and eventually a third. His fingers explored the inner reaches of her wet pussy and his other hand roughly pawed her tit. Not surprisingly their time was longer than all the others and again after breaking off the kiss she placed his fingers into her mouth and sucked them clean. After that Kyle went back to his seat and she was left breathing as heavy as someone who just completed a marathon.

At this point Miranda reclined the the chaise all the way down then laid down flat and asked the guys to come help her finish, at first they didn't understand what she meant but she motioned them over and pointed to her tits so Justin and Dan each took a tit into their mouths then she pulled Ricky toward her mouth and started kissing him finally she spread her legs and pointed to her pussy so Kyle put his tongue on her clitoris and shoved three fingers into her vagina. The guys went to town on her and several minutes later she started the shake and convulse it got so intense they thought something was wrong so they all stepped back and watched.

Very shortly the shaking stopped and she just laid there basking in the after glow of the most intense orgasm she had ever had. Eventually beaming a huge smile she thanked the guys. As she sat up she looked around at the guys and noticed they were all sporting huge bulges in their shorts so she said, "I think I should pay you guys back for the amazing orgasm you just gave me."

So she had them sit back down in their chairs and she slipped off her dress dropping it on the chaise. She approached Justin first, just like with the kissing, she then knelt in front of him pulling down his shorts and freeing his already erect penis. She proceeded to put her mouth over the tip of his penis then gradually eased his whole shaft into her mouth. She continued to stroke his cock with her mouth as the other guys gawked in envy. Miranda was no expert at giving head as she had only blown her previous two boyfriends a couple of times, she figured today she would get lots of experience and besides these guys won't know the difference it'll be the best blow job of their life. After only about one minute Justin ejaculated into her mouth she swallowed it all then licked his dick clean and put it back into his shorts.

Next she went over to Ricky and knelt down then proceeded to blow him much the same way she did Justin. Ricky lasted a little longer than Justin but not much after cleaning him up and putting him away she went over to Dan. After taking out Dan's cock she noticed it was a little larger then the previous two guys, both Justin and Ricky were of average size about six inches but Dan was about an inch longer. She did him the same way as the first two but he was much more vocal and made all kinds of grunting and moaning sounds.

Finished with him she went on to Kyle who had the largest cock of them all, maybe almost eight inches. Kyle also was vocal but not as loud as Dan. After finishing off Kyle she stood and looked around at her handy work as all the guys sat there basking in the after glow of their own orgasms.

She then dove into the pool one last time to cool off. After getting out and drying off she put her bra back on then her dress but not her panties those she gave to the boys as a souvenir. She had them drive her home on the way she talked about coming up with ways to satisfy her exhibitionist cravings. The guys all agreed to help her and that they would come up with some good ideas.
