Raider and the Lost Lamp
by Mythical Traveller

CHAPTER II


Clara learned, all too late, the terrible inaccuracies in the legend of Alladin. Contrary 
to the story, the genie of the lamp did not help Alladin win the heart of a princess with 
whom he'd fallen in love. The genie was the princess with whom he'd fallen in love. 
The lamp itself was no mere storage vessel for the enchanted being, it was an 
ingenious trap designed to ensnare a victim, and then force them into magical 
servitude for anyone who subsequently rubbed the lamp.

Hour after hour, Clara read through the ancient documents, first the scrolls, and then 
on to the books. Shifting between the 'writing desk', the main table and the bed, and 
occasionally back to the shelves when she'd finished another volume, Clara remained 
engrossed in what she was reading. Altogether, the volumes made up a journal of the 
lamp's last inhabitant, Zhiasa, written in her native dialect. Zhiasa was born crown 
princess of a wealthy kingdom in ancient Mesopotamia. Princess Zhiasa was much 
loved by her father, but apparently not so by her younger sister, princess Tukanni. It 
seemed that Tukanni was quite jealous of the attention that their father paid Zhiasa, as 
well as her inevitable ascension to the throne. It also seemed that Tukanni had secretly 
managed to become quite adept at the black arts. On the morning of her 22nd 
birthday, Zhiasa awoke to find a brand new oil lamp at the foot of her bed. It didn't 
look very expensive, so it probably wasn't a gift from any member of the royal family.

"Perhaps a gift from an anonymous servant," Zhiasa thought at the time. As she 
examined the lamp, she found a single greasy spot tarnishing its otherwise shiny 
surface. Naturally she rubbed it off.

"Three guesses at where this is going..." Clara said to herself sarcastically as she 
continued to translate the ancient Mesopotamian script.

Moments later Zhiasa found herself in the very chamber that Clara was now trapped 
in. Although Zhiasa's initial account described the room as being completely bare, 
save for the section of wall with the taunting message. After several confusing and 
frightening hours alone in the large room, Zhiasa found herself dissolving (as best 
Clara could translate it) into Tukanni's presence in her sister's private bedchamber. 
Frantically Zhiasa tried to explain the situation to her sister, and beg for her help, but 
it wasn't long before Tukanni's amused smirk revealed to Zhiasa that her sister was 
somehow involved in her dilemma.

What ensued was a bitter exchange, in which Tukanni revealed that she had enchanted 
the lamp, and used it to set the trap that Zhiasa had fallen into.

"Why would you do such a thing?" an exasperated Zhiasa asked.

"All my life I have watched you receive however much of father's attention you wish, 
while I have had to scrounge whatever scraps were left, like a common hungry 
peasant. Well from now on, dear sister, I shall feast on my father's love!" was 
Tukanni's embittered, yet boastful reply.

"Father? You did this because of Father? He shall not let you continue this twisted 
game! He shall make you release me!" Zhiasa responded.

Tukanni chuckled, "My dear sister, how do you expect he will force me to do 
anything if he does not know that I have imprisoned you?"

Tukanni removed an amulet from around her neck that she always wore and placed it 
within the indentation on the lamp, where it fit snugly. Both items shimmered briefly 
as they came into contact. Obviously, Tukanni's amulet was part of the enchantment 
too, Zhiasa thought. Then Tukanni spoke in a commanding tone, "It is my order that 
you shall never allow yourself to be seen by father. Furthermore, I order you to never 
allow yourself to be seen by any of the palace servants or guards." Zhiasa cringed as 
an internal voice told her that she must not disobey her master's commands. After 
several more minutes of taunting, Tukanni dismissed Zhiasa back into the lamp until 
she was resummoned.

The scrolls then went on to describe Tukanni's amulet in more detail. A gift from their 
deceased mother, it was a jewel-encrusted charm in the shape of a lotus with two 
buds. "The symbol of royalty among ancient Mesopotamian cultures..." Clara thought. 
Zhiasa continued on, discussing how doubly upsetting it was that her sister had used a 
gift from their mother in this horrid plan to divide their family. She then wrote about 
how she'd learned, from various remarks her sister made during the first few years of 
her enslavement, what part the amulet played in this whole ordeal. It seemed that the 
spell Tukanni used to enchant the lamp only required its captive to obey three 
commands per master. When the amulet was placed against the lamp, however, the 
lamp didn't keep count of how many wishes the owner had made, thereby granting the 
owner infinite wishes, in theory. Zhiasa then went on to speculate that the amulet 
might also fit within the shape carved in the sandstone section of the wall of her lamp 
chamber, and might therefore be the key to her freedom.

During these early years of her imprisonment, Zhiasa also learned about the magical 
powers that the lamp had bestowed upon her, mainly by granting the incredible 
wishes her sister made. But she also discovered that she had ceased aging, and she 
assumed, therefore, that she had become immortal. In addition, she realised that she 
could use her vast powers to her own ends, so long as she didn't disobey any of 
Tukanni's orders. Zhiasa conjured furnishings in her prison to make herself more 
comfortable, and to overcome her boredom, she conjured writing implements and 
began keeping a journal.

Clara realised the implications of this, and decided to see if she had received similar 
powers. As she sat up in the bed, Clara concentrated on making a hi-fi appear against 
the wall nearby, waving her fingers theatrically in that direction. In a poof of smoke, 
an expensive looking hi-fi set-up, complete with speakers, appeared in the location 
Clara designated and immediately began playing some well orchestrated Bach. 
"Splendid," Clara smiled, pleased with the success of her first attempt at magic. She 
leaned over, trying to get a look at the rear of the appliance. "Ah, I see I got the model 
with no power cord... that ought to pay for itself when the electric bills arrive," she 
said as she returned to the scroll she'd been reading, this time with some pleasant 
background music.

The next section of Zhiasa's journal went on to describe Tukanni's cruelty, and 
Zhiasa's growing hatred for her captor. Zhiasa began to wish her sister dead, but could 
not act on her desires, as Tukanni had added a safeguard to the entrapment spell that 
forbade Zhiasa from ever killing or even harming another person. On one occasion 
Zhiasa tried to rip the enchanted amulet from around her sister's neck before Tukanni 
could react. Upon touching the amulet, Zhiasa was flung across the room, by a burst 
of magical energy. Dazed, Zhiasa heard her sister howling with laughter.

"You fool, Zhiasa! she taunted. A genie can not steal from its master!"

 Six years after she fell into Tukanni's trap, Zhiasa became instrumental in Tukanni's 
marriage to a handsome prince from another kingdom. Tukanni had to compete 
against many other princesses who wished to marry the prince. Against her will, 
Zhiasa cast spells of lust on all of Tukanni's rivals. Within months, all of the other 
princesses fell pregnant with children fathered by common palace servants, making 
them unacceptable fiances for the prince, and severely embarrassing several royal 
families. The next few scrolls continued describing the immoral deeds that Zhiasa was 
forced to do over the following years.

Then Zhiasa wrote about the worst day of her enslavement. As their father lay on his 
deathbed, Tukanni sat by her father's side holding his hand. Zhiasa sat on his opposite 
side, but because of Tukanni's first order, she was invisible to him. She tried to hold 
his hand, but hers passed through his as if she was made of thin air. With his dying 
breath, the old emperor said tearfully, "Oh my dear daughter Zhiasa! How I wish I 
knew what became of you! If only I could've seen your face one final time..." As the 
emperor passed on, Tukanni stared at her sister, her eyes burning with rage. Even 
after all these years, she had still not been able to topple her sister's position as their 
father's favourite. Showing no sympathy for Zhiasa's heartbreak, Tukanni ordered her 
to return to the lamp and sit in a vat of boiling oil until she was next summoned. It 
was ten months before Tukanni needed Zhiasa's services.

Tukanni's reign as queen was a bloody one. She invaded and conquered many 
neighbouring kingdoms, always using Zhiasa to assure victory. The evil queen 
seemed unstoppable, until she was murdered by her husband, when she discovered his 
adultery. So began Zhiasa's journey of bouncing from master to master, it began with 
the palace chamberlain who accidentally discovered the power invested in a lamp 
belonging to a long-dead queen. But since none of them possessed the magical 
amulet, they only received three wishes a piece before Zhiasa returned to her chamber 
within the lamp. Most of the wishes became terribly predictable. Money, power, the 
ability to seduce any member of the opposite (or on occasion, the same) sex. 
Occasionally she would grant a master immortality.

Clara continued through the final scrolls that recounted how the lamp travelled 
through the millennia from the hands of palace staff to thieves and antique dealers. 
During these years, Zhiasa learned some of the more obscure rules of her 
imprisonment. For example a new master could not take control of her until her 
current master had had his or her three wishes granted (or died). It also became 
apparent the she could fall asleep for decades, if she chose to, so long as nobody 
rubbed her lamp.

Zhiasa was also greatly relieved to discover that no master could compel her to 
unwillingly give away her body. Sex held a great deal of magical and spiritual 
significance to ancient cultures, and apparently not even Tukanni's magics were 
powerful enough to turn Zhiasa into a full-blown sex slave. That being said, Zhiasa 
had no reason to believe she could not take a lover of her own volition. She was very 
grateful for this aspect of her enslavement, as many masters had lusted after her in 
harem outfit and tried to take advantage of her.

By the time of Christ, Zhiasa had discovered that man had invented books. This 
became a handy new way to keep her journal. In what Clara worked out was the 
second century AD, Zhiasa's lamp came into the possession of a neurotic Persian 
sultan. Having made his first two wishes, for an army ten thousand men strong, and 
the unwavering love of all his subjects, the sultan became relentless in asking Zhiasa 
about ways he could ensure that she would not fall into the hands of his enemies once 
his third wish was granted. Zhiasa was unable to give the sultan an answer that 
seemed to satisfy him. Eventually he made his third wish, for a hundred beautiful 
wives, and Zhiasa was drawn back into the lamp, oblivious to what the sultan then did 
with it. It was six hundred years later when she discovered that he'd hidden it deep 
within a cave.

Her next master was a skinny young man. He was dirty and dressed in tattered 
clothing, but Zhiasa could tell that there was a handsome face under the grime. He 
had stumbled upon the lamp quite by accident. Zhiasa would later learn that this 
young man was a poor street urchin from a nearby city. Forced to steal to survive, he 
had become an extremely adept thief, which had recently caused the city guards to 
become more interested in him than he would've liked. He decided to hide out in a 
cave in the mountains just outside the city until the heat blew over. With little else to 
do to amuse himself, he decided one day to explore the depths of the cavern, and 
naturally, discovered the lamp.

Zhiasa wasn't surprised by her master's first two wishes: A grand palace (although the 
young man didn't specify it coming with servants, Zhiasa generously included them in 
the wish), and vast riches. It also didn't come as a surprise to Zhiasa that, after hastily 
making his first two wishes, the young man decided to put a great deal of thought into 
what his third and final wish should be. So many previous masters had done exactly 
the same. For several weeks the young man basked in the luxurious palace lifestyle 
that he'd spent his whole life dreaming of. He paid Zhiasa little attention, but he 
allowed her to roam the palace freely. Zhiasa was grateful to not be cooped up in the 
lamp all the time, and she couldn't help but admire her own handiwork - it really was 
a beautiful palace.

Then her master began to take interest in her again. In the privacy of his large 
personal chamber they would talk. At first he questioned her about the capabilities 
and limitations of her powers. But then things changed, it started with him 
complimenting her on the wonderful palace she'd made for him, something she was 
unaccustomed to. Then they began to talk about themselves. He would talk about his 
harsh life growing up as an orphan on the streets, and about how he would always 
dream of living in a palace one day. She would talk about her own past, about happier 
days when she had a family, before her sister had shown her true colors. Eventually, 
she would also talk about the circumstances of her enslavement and what happened 
thereafter. Zhiasa often found it hard to talk about, and many times she reached a 
point where she didn't want to continue discussing it. But her master never pressured 
her, and for that she was grateful.

Soon she began to realise that she was happiest when she was with her master, and 
tried to maximise the amount of time that she spent with him. Then one day he 
shocked her by asking her to call him Hal'hadin (a name that would be mis-translated 
over the next thousand years to Alladin, Clara thought to herself). Zhiasa could 
scarcely believe that her master had asked her to refer to him by his first name, like an 
equal. When she asked him why she had been granted this honour, her heart was 
greatly warmed to hear that it was because he considered her to be a friend.

Clara quickly thumbed through the next few pages of the journal, and it became clear 
to her that Zhiasa and Alladin didn't remain 'friends' for too long. The name Hal'hadin 
replaced the Mesopotamian word for 'master' for only a few pages of the journal 
before it in turn was replaced, with the Mesopotamian word meaning 'my love'. Clara 
skipped back a few pages to try and discover how things between Zhiasa and her 
master moved to the next level.

"I am in love!" the journal read. "Last night I was unable to contain the affection I've 
secretly held for my master and love any longer. I declared my love to him and he 
declared his to me! I am so happy!

It all began as we strolled through the palace gardens in the moonlight together. We 
talked of many things, as we normally do, and then Hal'hadin began complimenting 
me, at first on my hair, and my eyes and my smile. Then he began to speak of how 
much he enjoyed my company. It was not my place, I know, but I could not contain my 
feelings any longer. I pulled him to me with my magic and began to kiss him on the 
lips passionately. Though I was elated by the thrill, I was also alarmed by my own 
audacity for but a moment, before I realised that my love had wrapped his arms 
around my back and was returning my kiss with equal passion. We kissed and 
embraced for but a brief while before my love suggested that we went to his personal 
chamber. I instantly transported us there, and it was there that we made love."

"Tsk, Giving it away at the tender age of eight thousand. Some women have no self-
control," Clara chuckled to herself sarcastically as she continued to read.

"Once in the chamber, we began to kiss again. I wrapped my legs around my love and 
he carried me the short distance to the bed. Then he let me down, and I began to raise 
my arm, to cast a spell that would make my clothing disappear, but my love grabbed 
my hand and said, "No. Please, allow me...

I smiled and turned my back to him. I delighted in every sweet sensation as my love 
undressed me. As he unclasped and untied the various bonds that held the clothes to 
my body, one by one, he ran his gentle hands across my body. He slid one hand up 
along my waist to cup my breast. Later he moved his other hand down my waist and 
behind me, to squeeze one of my buttocks. Later again, his hand trailed slowly across 
the front of my waist, then dove down, over my silken pants, to caress the outside of 
my womanhood with but a single stroke, while one finger pushed but the slightest 
amount of the silken material into my outer lips. And all the while he continued to 
loosen my clothes and lay kisses on the nape of my neck. The suspense was at the 
same time wonderful and excruciating...

Clara was amused, if a little shocked at how graphic this journal was becoming. "I 
suppose it was an event she wanted to save for posterity," she thought, "and she did 
the best she could in an age before camcorders." Clara also figured that Zhiasa never 
planned on anyone else being sucked into the lamp, and assumed that her private 
journals would remain just that: private. Clara continued to read the journal with an 
amused smirk. Despite the fact that she was alone, she subconsciously felt compelled 
to conceal the fact that she was getting aroused by the story, herself.

"For the first time I found myself becoming wet. Soon I felt the last straps securing my 
bustier become untied. I turned around and kissed my love on his lips, as he pulled the 
loose garment from my body, leaving my breasts exposed. Then our kiss broke, and 
my love began lay a trail of kisses down my neck and chest. Meanwhile, his hands, 
which had been gliding up and down my spine, travelled over my flesh to other areas, 
all the while pushing waves of pleasure in front of them. One hand settled into a 
circular pattern of caressing around my butt and hips. The other came around to 
knead and massage one of my breasts, in which a new level of pleasure was swiftly 
building."

Clara continued to read intently, unconsciously trailing two fingers up and down the 
side of the vee of her own sex.

"My other breast was also being attended to.  My love had kissed his way from my 
sternum to my nipple. There he began to suckle on my breast, and trace circles 
around my nipple with his tongue. Occasionally he would stop doing this to nuzzle my 
breast with his entire face, while proclaiming how beautiful he found me. But his lips 
would soon be planted on my breast again. My nipple quickly grew incredibly hard. 
The delightful tingling that came whenever my love ran his tongue over it was so 
exciting. It caused a warmth to well in my breast that radiated throughout my entire 
body, and I could feel my womanhood becoming very moist."

Clara herself was beginning to feel slight signs of moistness, and her fingers were 
now tenderly stoking up and down her labia.

"I had never known delights like the ones my love was giving me at that time, but I 
knew that so much more laid just ahead. My love ceased his suckling and moved his 
hands to my hips. Then, while kissing my belly once or twice, he slowly removed my 
pants, dropping them around my feet and leaving me all but naked. I could smell my 
own arousal now. I never knew that arousal had a smell before. My love moved his 
face to my wet opening and breathed it in, moaning in apparent approval. And then... 
I can scarcely describe the ecstasy of his tongue sliding through my nether lips. When 
it glided across my nub, the greatest shockwave of raw pleasure shot through my 
entire body, and made me cry out. I think I had my first orgasm right there!"

"In that case, congratulations are in order," Clara thought to herself silently. Still 
holding the journal with her right hand, she moved her left up her mons to slide inside 
her pants, which were now damp with her sweet juices. Once inside, her fingers 
resumed their task. Even though the pants were only a thin layer of silk, the caresses 
to Clara's snatch were all the more satisfying without them in the way.

"I lost control of my body and magical powers for but a moment. When the sensation 
subsided, I pushed my love down on to the mattress with a gentle wave of invisible 
magical energy. He did not resist. Then I climbed on top of him and kissed him 
passionately on the lips. I rested my hips against his and I could feel his rod straining 
to break free of his garments, beneath my womanhood.

Clara slid a single finger just inside her slit. As two other fingers continued to stroke 
the erogenous areas around her opening, this third one began to spread her juices 
around and spur the arousal on from inside, gently brushing against her clit again and 
again. Clara began to moan, quietly.

"I yearned to couple with him, but not as much as I yearned to please him. He is still 
my master, and I am still his slave. And I knew that our mutual pleasure could not be 
rushed. I unravelled my love's robes, by hand, rather than magic, for the tactile 
pleasure. I kissed my way down the firm skin of his chest as I slowly exposed it. His 
hands were coursing around my back and along my breasts."

Clara willed the journal to stay suspended in front of her face, and it was so. She 
released her grip on it, leaving it floating in mid-air. Despite only being a genie for a 
couple of hours, it seemed she already knew all there was to know about controlling 
her new abilities. Now unoccupied, Clara's right hand moved to one of her very ample 
breasts, which it began to knead through the silk top. Still emitting the occasional 
subconscious moan, Clara continued to read.

"When I reached his pants, I decided to tease him, looking up at him with a 
mischievous grin. I ran my hand across his bulge once and he shuddered, struggling 
to contain his love cream. I removed my love's pants, unleashing his maleness, which 
sprang up like the load arm of a catapult. As he sat up to pull his arms from the 
sleeves of his robes, I straddled him. Then we held each other's naked body to our 
own, and we kissed, our tongues dancing together."

"Oh baby!" Clara exclaimed aloud, her growing arousal now rapidly subduing her 
conscious inhibitions. She was now writhing in the soft bed. Her right hand was still 
caressing and kneading her left breast, occasionally plucking the nipple between two 
fingers. Her left hand was still ravaging her loins. Now she was plunging two fingers 
into her slit at once, while the remainder continued to caress the outside, which was 
now covered in her own secretions.

"I could feel his rod between our bodies, as I wrapped my legs around him and 
ground my hips against his. Our bodies rocked together, and our hands wandered all 
over each other. And we kissed, and kissed and kissed, intense desire building in both 
of us, until we could contain it no longer..."

By now, Clara was sliding her fingers deep into her hot core. Parting her slick 
gateway of flesh as they dove in and stroking against her inner walls as they pulled 
out. They were also moving somewhat quicker than they were before. Her hips were 
gyrating in time with the movements of her hand to maximise the pleasure. Warm 
delight was also building in her breast, but only so much could be achieved with her 
outfit confining it. Clara lowered her shoulder and slid the strap of the dress down her 
arm. It gave her just enough leeway to pop her breast out of the bustier and allow it to 
sit natural and free. She continued to knead it with her right hand. It was so tender and 
yielding, it felt so good to have her fingers squeeze it. It heaved slowly as her lungs 
produced deep feminine moans of sexual stimulation. Eager for continued inspiration, 
Clara magically turned to the next page of the journal.

"I gently pushed my love back onto the mattress, this time using my hands. Then I 
lifted my hips over his towering erection, and lowered my womanhood slowly onto his 
rock-hard shaft. It was quite painful, and it made tears well in my eyes, but somehow, 
it also felt good. I pulled back, but immediately pushed myself back onto him. Every 
exertion I made onto his manly rod forced it deeper into my tight fissure, bought 
another jolt of pain, but also stirred that elusive pleasure to a more and more 
profound level. When the pain began to subside, I quickened my pace. I was taking his 
entire shaft into my body and I could feel him probing the very center of my 
femininity."

Clara was sending her fingers as deep as they would go into her, and only partially 
withdrawing them. She was still stroking her outer lips with her remaining fingers. 
Her clit was being massaged by the edge of her palm and the base of her penetrating 
fingers. Her pace had increased considerably and her hips were gyrating far more 
exuberantly. Her every ragged breath was exhaled with a loud moan.

"With each advance and retreat his manhood sent a surge of ecstasy radiating 
through my body. My love doubled the level of pleasure by raising and lowering his 
hips in time with my own motions. And as I rode my love, his hands caressed my 
breasts and collarbone.

All this was leading to one inevitable outcome. I could feel myself teetering on the 
brink of another orgasm, and I knew that it would be much more powerful than the 
last. As I looked down into my love's eyes I could tell that he was using all his 
willpower to contain his load for as long as he could. But neither of us could have 
lasted beyond a few more moments..."

Putting pressure against her vaginal walls with her fingertips, Clara searched around 
and quickly found her G-spot. As she rubbed this magic lamp of sexual fulfilment, the 
level of pleasure enveloping her increased exponentially. Her eyes closed as the last 
of her logical mind, which had been reading the journal, was drowned out by lustful 
indulgence. Her cries quickly increased in pitch, volume and frequency. Her butt 
lifted slightly higher with every rapid gyration of her hips. And her G-spot was 
sending her over the edge...

Clara's back spasmed into an arch and she screamed in delight. Her right hand tightly 
squeezed on her naked breast, and the palm of her left had ground itself hard against 
her sensitive clit. With the little control she still had over her body, she continued to 
rub her G-spot as quickly as she could. An almost silent, tortured whimper was all 
that she could emit in the few seconds that she had to push as much momentum as she 
could into an already raging orgasm.

She screamed again as she came, hard. Her body collapsed onto the mattress and 
thrashed around uncontrollably. As she simultaneously lost control of both her 
physical and magical faculties, the journal, which had been suspended in mid-air, fell 
onto Clara's chest and was immediately flung off the bed by her wild thrashing, 
although Clara was far too gone to notice, or care. The orgasm imbedded deep in her 
loins sent impulses of ecstasy bouncing around her body like balls in a pinball 
machine. A series of involuntary screams had her struggling to breathe, as the orgasm 
tortured her mind with an insane level of pleasure, as if to punish her for egging it on.

After countless seconds, the thrashing stopped, the screams became exhausted moans, 
and the orgasm faded and died like a flame on a spent candle. Panting deeply, she was 
too weak to move, even to pull her fingers out of her boiling hot snatch. Within a few 
more seconds her breathing had shallowed and she was fast asleep, a contented smile 
on her face, after having the best orgasm of her life.

Perhaps by coincidence, perhaps by magic, Zhiasa's journal had landed on the floor 
beside the bed, open at the exact page that Clara had been reading. It was the last page 
of the entry, with only a few final lines that Clara had not gotten to read.

"...My love bucked as a powerful jet of his seed fired into my womb. That was enough 
to bring about my own orgasm. We cried out together as rapture consumed us both. 
My womanhood clenched tightly on his mighty rod, as his seed continued to stream 
into my body, bringing with it wave after wave of heavenly delight. It was only to last 
for a few precious moments before my own orgasm began to subside and his loins had 
been drained of their fluids.

I collapsed on his chest. We were both exhausted. His spent manhood slid out of my 
body and his arms wrapped around me. We layed there together, cuddling, kissing 
and snuggling for a while, before we finally said with our lips what we had been 
saying with our bodies all night: that we had fallen in love with each other.

Basking in my love's warmth and a resonating carnal afterglow, it could not have 
been long before I drifted off to sleep, outside my lamp, for the first time in almost 
eight thousand years

I am so happy! I am in love!"

