Me and my Father In law-3

By jeevan80@yahoo.com>

	Ohhh God readers! In part 2 my FIL fucked me assuming that I was sleeping. But I enjoyed every second of it. That night my sex with Sunil was fantastic and I was so excited that I made his lund dry! He wondered what had got into me. As he was fucking me I was on my stomach and he entering me from behind (in my choot not ass!). that way I did not see the face of the man who fucked me and I could easily assume it was FIL!
	Jeevan! What has happened to me? I think I am going to be insane. You told me to imagine and I imagined he fucked me. BUT now I want it ! I want my FIL to fuck me! What shall I do? Ohhhhhhhhh just thinking of it makes me cummmmmmmm!
	( Hey Minu! I just said imagine! It was you who told me that you wont fuck any other man in your real life. Will you keep it? Will you not allow your FIL to fuck you? I am damn sure you will! It's a bet! You loose I fuck you, I lose you fuck me! That's the fair thing to say dear)
	OK lets go ahead with our story!

	After that day I was not able to face my FIL. Though he had fucked me I could not say anything to him. I was even afraid to talk to him the routine things. Then one day I had a chance to be with him officially.
	We all family members were to go for a movie on Sunday and I knew I could make it! All I wanted to do was sit next to him during the movie. Luckily that day my MIL was not feeling better so she dropped the plan of watching movie with us. My husband, me and FIL were to go. Now my FIL loves to watch movies and readily agreed. I wont go into much details but come to the point.
	Since there were males on either side of us naturally I was sitting in the middle. My FIL was sitting on my left side and my husband on the right. I was excited with the presence of my FIL and wanted to show him that I am really interested in him sexually even while I was awake. This was the chance!
	The movie started and I sat comfy resting my hand on the left side seat rest( FIL's side). My FIL had also kept his hand there. But he removed it and allowed me to place my hand there. May be he was afraid that his son may look. Now I pushed my hand farther and it touched FIL's chest. FIL looked at me and in the dark I could just see him smiling. He did not move away now. Sunil could not see what was all happening on my left. That was good! I showed him that I did not mind touching him. then I got the surprise from him! he folded his hands and his left hand traveled to my breast. His fingers touched me right on the fleshy breast. Oggggg god! I did not shift but instead pushed my body towards him. He got bolder now and his palm took hold of my left breast and he started to squeeze it. I glanced at my husband and saw that he was watching thew movie intently. He too had his elbow against my right breast. WOW the father was squeezing my left breast while the son nudging against my right one! I was a lucky woman in this world!

	I purposely put my hand on my husband's thigh and let it remain there. It was just to show him that I loved him. now FIL was boldly squeezing my breast and slowly his hands pushed to the portion below my blouse and rested on the flesh there. Ohh his hand was warm and it felt better on flesh. Slowly his hand travelled upwards and into my blouse. Ohh god! He was putting his hand in my blouse! I was wearing a bra and I cursed myself for this. Now the bra would be hurdle for his fondling. His hand travelled up and rested on my bra. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! My choot was wet with juice! I had to do something about the bra! I decided to take it off at the time of interval. Now he was pressing my breast like a horn and I was shaking with lust! I slowly widened my legs so that my thighs touched those of my FIL. He put his leg near mine and started to rub the foot on my leg. It was like a fire within!
	Ohhhhhhhhh! I whispered to FIL! This was the first time I did this that too because it was dark all around. FIL took his hand off and then his hand rested on my thigh. I had to fold my legs so that Sunil wont see the movement here. I caught his hand between my thighs and he started to caress them. Damn! I should have been insane! Similarly I too placed my hand on his thigh and started to rub my palm. He caught my hand and pushed it to his crotch! So daring! Now my husband moved a little and he caught my hand. I was breathng fast now and Sunil asked me what was the matter. I said nothing and placed my hand again on his thigh.
	There on the left side, my hand rested on the bulge of FIL's pant and I pressed his lund! Ohhhh it was hard! My Fil had his shirt out and so my hand could not be seen. Then FIL did the most daring thing I could imagine. ( I think he was well experienced in this type of flirting) he pulled down his zipper and pushed my hand inside! Ohhhh god! My hand touched his cock for the first time when I was awake. His cock was hot and like a steel rod. I encircled my fingers around it and started to rub it. FIL was moving his hips slowly and his movements were not seen in the darkness. As I touched his cock head the precum ozzed out. I smeared it on his cock head and rubbed the sticky fluid there. FIL moaned and his cock jumped. I took my hand out of his pants and tasted the dream fluid. Ohhhhhhh so nice! Fil looked disappointed but he continued to push his hand towards the center of my thighs. Ahhhhhhhhh sat sideways so as to give FIL access to my juicy choot. soon he found the treasure and his fingers rubbed my choot over the sari and petticoat. though there were clothes in between it felt sooo nice! I put my hand over his and rubbed it there. 
	I wanted his cum! I pushed my hand to his crotch and caught his lund again. Now it was all wet with precum and I fisted his lund slowly. FIL moaned and pushed his cock into my fist. I tightened my grip and soon rewarded by his cum. Cum spurted all over my hand and I took my hand out and wiped it on my handkerchief. I smelled it, it had acrid smell but I loved it. It was very precious for me! I tasted it too. It had salty taste and I loved it. After he ejaculated he was quiet for some time. Then there was interval!
	During the interval I went to toilet and removed my Bra and stuffed it in my purse I removed my panties too in case he pushed his hand there. I went in with my heart thumping. The lights were still on and my FIL was looking at me as I came. I smiled at him and he too smiled back. But there was something different in his smile. His smile was mischievous and seductive. Then the movie started. As soon as the lights went off his hand strolled to my blouse. I whispered to him, " GO ahead! No bra inside now!" I wondered how I said this! He immediately pushed his hand in my blouse from below and touched my breast. Ohhhh god! It was so different when his hand touched my naked flesh. I thought I was going to faint! I adjusted my pallo in such a way that Sunil wont be able to see what was going on here. His hand caught my breast and he pressed it. It felt so nice when he did that. Then he caught my nipple in his thumb and forefinger and rubbed it. Ohhhhh soooo nice! I moaned deep inside and adjusted myself so that he had more access for manipulations. His hand now spread over my breast and he was trying to catch my entire breast in his palm. I put my hand on FIL's thigh and rubbed it. His other hand caught my hand and we played games caressing each other's hand. My breathing increased and I whispered in my FIL's ears, " I don't have any panties inside. Its just to tell you!"
	He got the message! But it was difficult for him to push his hand from below the sari, I knew but I wanted to see what he would do. His hand strolled near my waist and then slowly he found some gap through my petticoat just to push his palm inside. His hand found the center of my thighs and he caressed every inch his hand touched. Finally he managed to trace my choot and he rubbed it all along the slit. He traced my engrossed clit and rubbed the sides of it. My body jerked with the sensation. Ohhh god we were doing this in a theater with my husband sitting right next to me!  FIL was expert in this ministrations and his fingers aroused my clit steadily. He was slow and steady! This gave me tremendous pleasure and my hips jerked with every touch of his fingers to my clit. Then I could not bear it anymore! I came! My body stiffened and juices flowed into my vagina and flooded it. My FIL sensed this and removed his fingers from around my clit. He pushed his finger right into my love nest and started to finger fuck me. It was slow and steady, no hurry no worry! Now I felt that our movements were increased so I whispered, " Hey Sasurji! Slow! We make lot of movement and your son may catch us."
"Don't worry Minu. Nobody will observe! The thing is that you are conscious of this. Be quite and I will do what is to be done!"
	His finger moved in and out very fast now and suddenly my vagina contracted and caught FIL's finger. The contractions sucked din the fingers and then the vaginal walls relaxed! I came!  He removed his finger from my choot and put it in his mouth. Ohhhh! He tasted my juices! 
	That's all that happened that day. This was the first time I talked to my FIL and I think I was coming out of the guilt, which was in my mind. Two consenting adults can fuck each other ever if they are related! Right Jeevan! You were right!
	That night I had vigorous sex with my husband, with him fucking me from behind. But his cock felt small today and his strokes felt immature. Still he made me cum! Not he but the thought that his father, my FIL was fucking me did the trick and I orgasmed few times. Intense orgasms readers!
	Next day was Monday and we had privacy again. I felt wicked and daring! After everybody went out I went to my room and sat on the chair, facing the living room. My FIL was a bit serious today, at least I felt it. He sat on the couch opposite to my bedroom and I could see him clearly. He then got up and went to his room and I saw a videocassette in his hands. Ohhhh! He was going to watch a movie! I did not know which but I guessed it to be a xxx movie. He inserted it in the VCR and went to the couch again and sat comfortably. His eyes lit up as he looked at the TV screen and he looked in the direction of my bedroom and smiled. Was he inviting me to join? How could I? I was so afraid to face him even after he had fucked me. He too must be feeling the same or else he would have talked to me about it. Even after the cinema hall flirting he did not are to face me directly. When will the ice break? I did not know! May be today? I will try.
	I saw his movements and saw that his hand rested on his lungi and he was rubbing it there. I was sure he was watching blue film. Then he lifted his lungi and pushed his hand inside. I saw his hand going in to his lungi and then catching hold of his hard lund. Ohhhh he was doing it right in front of his bahu! What's the harm? When I teased him why cant he? But to tell you the truth, I liked to watch him while he rubbed his lund below the lungi. He should take it out so that I would be able to see his lund in daylight, I thought. I was sitting in a chair facing him and he could have full view of what I was doing. Why not tease him in return? I thought. I would have to tease him soon!
	I watched his hand move up and down fisting his lund. It was very slow and steady as always. He was alternating his look to TV and me. May be he wanted me to watch. That's what I was doing! I slowly removed my sari as he watched the movie and me. I exposed my breasts to him so that he would feel better and it would help him masturbate for me. He saw that I removed the sari and he in turn lifted the lungi and exposed his strong hard lund. Ohhh god! It was very big, about 8 inches long and thick too. I had just touched it in the theater but now I was looking at it. He seductively stroked his lund, now looking directly at me and smiling. His fist encircled his lund and was moving it up and down. I removed my blouse and took off the bra exposing my naked breasts to him. I licked my lips looking at him and then bit my lower lip to tease him. he was amazed at my performance and lifted his thumb 'thumps up' style. God he was loving what I did! I was surely encouraged by this and started to rub my breasts together. I looked down to watch the two melons crush against each other and the bulge they made. Ohhhh I was acting like a professional stripper!
	I looked at him and he showed me his lund, pointing at the monster. I signaled him 'nice' and he stood up with his lund jutting out. I thought he would come in to my bedroom but he did not! He just stood there rubbing his lund and smiling at me. I had to do something too. I too stood up and took off my petticoat. Now my naked body was in front of my FIL and he was looking at it from head to foot. I felt excited!  So here we were masturbating in front of each other, a sweet little game to spice up sex! I spread my legs and pointed at my choot and licked my lips. Ohhhhhhhhh I moaned! It was a bit loud and he must have heard it. He too moaned and rubbed his lund faster. Now my fingers were touching my choot and caressing the already hard clit. I bent backwards to give him clear view of my movements down below and that way I could not see him and feel more relaxed to do these naughty things.
	My fingers found my choot hole and I inserted two of them deep inside. Ohhhhh only if that was FIL's lund! I finger-fucked my choot in front of my FIL and that was sufficient for me to climax. My body jerked and I came! My knees felt weak and I fell on the ground totally exhausted. I opened my eyes and I saw my FIL standing close to me with his lund in his hand. I think the ice was broken!

	Continued in part 4
