When I turned 18 I was a little out of place. I had just ended my senior year in high school yet I didn't even look 18. I was small, only 5'2", 95 pounds, long blonde hair, a deep full tan, green eyes and small yet perky 32 B tits. I wished I was bigger and actually looked my age, instead of looking like I had just turned 14.
So as school ended, I was preparing for my summer job at Macy's. I wanted to work at the makeup or the lingerie departments, but I had to accept the only thing they had open: the men's formal wear department. I mean it could be nice in there, because a lot of guys were good looking, but there were a few that just had no fashion sense and it seemed as if they were more work than anyone else.
One day my boss came up to me and said, "Julie I need you to take really good care of Mr. Richards when he comes in. He is our best customer and we always give him anything he wants or needs, so make sure you do the same."
I said OK and went about my business just wondering who this Mr. Richards was. I had no clue, but I figured if he was willing to spend the money, I'd do anything he asked, well in reason that is.
About 2 O'clock that afternoon, as I was busy entering some things into the computer, in walks this gorgeous older man. He looked just like Richard Gere to me and I fell into an instant trance just looking into his eyes. They were bright blue, and his hair was all silver in color, yet he only looked to be in his early 40's. He was well built, and tall, which I just love. I had never actually lusted after an older man before, but I found myself just drooling on the inside for this man.
"Hi, I'm John Richards and I had an appointment for 2", he said. "All of my measurements should be in the computer already, but I wanted some help picking out colors. I am looking to buy 3 suits and shirts and ties, and thought that a woman's opinion would help me out a lot."
"I... I... .I can help you with anything you need Mr. Richards!" I managed to stammer out. Man I felt like a total idiot. Here this man was looking for help and all I could do is act like a school girl with a crush. Not saying I wasn't, but that wasn't the image I was trying to portray.
I took him to our racks of suits and started picking out colors I thought would look good on him. He never disagreed with any of my choices and just kept smiling at me. Every time I made eye contact with him, it seemed his bright blue eyes just twinkled some more. Man, he had me going so bad. I would do anything he asked me too if he just kept looking at me the way he was.
After I had picked out his suits, and a few shirts and ties and socks and belts and shoes, I helped him get all of his purchases up to the register so I could ring him up. I knew his suits would have to be altered some, so the only thing I could bag up for him was his shirts and other accessories.
"When would you like to pick up your suits Mr. Richards?" I asked.
"Well, I was hoping to ask you for a favor, if you don't mind? I was hoping maybe you could bring them to my house for me, since I am always so busy. I would gladly pay you for your time and I will also pay for your gas to drive all the way out to my house and back."
This seemed too good to be true. I was actually going to his house and seeing him all alone, well I hoped we would be alone. It took all my might to not sound too excited as I blurted out, "OK! Anything for you Mr. Richards! Your suits should be done in a week, and all I'll need is your address and directions to your house and a good time to drop them off."
"I'll have my assistant get in touch with you and give you all the details you will need" he said.
I had a huge smile on my face as he said that and he reached in and kissed me on my cheek and told me thank you for all my help. I couldn't even respond and just smiled more as I felt my nipples get hard and my pussy wet immediately.
That was the longest week of my life, but finally the day came to make the big delivery. I know I was getting out of hand to impress Mr. Richards, because I had my friend in the makeup department do my makeup and I bought a whole new outfit for my after work delivery. I bought a short sleeveless black dress that was very short indeed. I had a lot of skin showing and I hoped he would like it. I also bought a pair of lacy black thong panties with a matching lacy push up bra and a pair of sexy 4" heels to finish off my new outfit. I looked in the mirror of the changing room and had to admit to myself that I looked pretty damn good and hoped to God Mr. Richards would think the same.
I grabbed my bag with my old clothes, my purse and all of Mr. Richards's suits and headed out the door to my car. I drove as fast as I could to get to his house, but he lived out in the nicest part of town and it was a ways out there. When I finally got to his house, there was a huge gate and I rang the call button. The next thing I heard was Mr. Richards's sexy voice saying, "Who is it?"
I stammered, "It's me Julie from Macy's with your suits. I was delivering them liked you asked me to do."
All of a sudden there was a buzzing noise and the gates started to open. I started to drive up his long driveway slowly just gawking at his huge gorgeous house. I got his suits out from the back seat of my Jetta and walked to the front door. I rang the doorbell and I heard him walking to the door. He opened the door and my legs almost fell out from me. He was in a suit and had a glass of wine in his hand and soft music playing in the background. "Sorry I just got home, so I haven't had a chance to change yet. Why don't you follow me and I'll show you where to put those suits."
I followed him like an eager child and finally followed him through 2 massive doors into his bedroom. It was so big and nice. I started imaging myself being made love to by him in every nook of this magnificent room.
"If you could hang those up in my closet, I would sure appreciate it", he said.
I did as I was told and hung them up fast so I could come back and just look at him. As I exited his huge walk in closet he met me at the door and asked, "Would you like a glass of wine?"
"Sure!" I said.
"White or red?" he asked.
"White please" I answered back.
"Well, come with me then and we will get you that glass of wine."
I followed him again down th3e long hallways and finally into a huge open kitchen. I just looked in awe at his massive kitchen. He walked to a huge wine refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of wine. He grabbed a glass and poured me a glass. "I hope you like it" he said. "It's from my winery and I think it is one of the best white wines on the market."
I blushed and took a sip. I felt the cool wine hit my mouth and felt the warmth of the alcohol trail down my throat.
He started making small talk with me, asking my age, if I was in school, about my family and then finally if I had a boyfriend. I blushed again and quickly answered, "No, I don't have a boyfriend. My last one dumped me for a girl that looked more mature than I do."
I felt so stupid for telling him that, and as I was kicking myself on the inside for blurting that out, I felt him come close to me and whisper into my ear, "When I look at you all I see is all one hundred percent woman, full of vigor, spunk and sex appeal."
I blushed big this time and was looking at the floor. When I was starting to look at him and thank him he leaned in and kissed me. I melted into his arms immediately. I wrapped my arms around his strong back and held on as he kissed me more and more, letting his tongue explore my mouth, as I eagerly accepted his tongue. I started to let out small moans as he kissed me and I could feel his hands start to drop and caress my ass. I let out more of a moan and I realized my hips were grinding into his crotch and his hands. I had never been like this before! I had sex before and given more blowjobs than anything, but I had never been so worked up! I felt Mr. Richards hands reach for the zipper on the back of my dress and slowly work it down. After it was al the way down, he broke our hug and slowly slid my shoulder straps down my shoulders and then started to work the tight dress down over my breasts and past my hips until it piled up on the floor around my ankles. He broke our kiss and stood back and looked at me. I saw his eyes twinkle even more as he approached me again. He kissed me deep again and I felt his warm soft hands caressing my fiery skin. His hands rubbed up and down my back until he reached my bra clasps and he slowly undid all 3 clasps and let my bra slide down my shoulders. His kisses started down my neck and he started to kiss his way down to my nipples. My nipples were so hard and I was so excited, that when he took the first nipple into his mouth, I let out a loud moan and felt more of my juices gush out of my pussy. I felt his hands start caressing my hips and he worked his hands down to my thong panties. He grabbed each side of my panties and started to work them down to my ankles. He took them completely off and had me back up against one of his counters. The marble counters were very cool and I got goose bumps on my ass as I leaned up against the counter.
Mr. Richards reached behind me, palmed each one of my ass cheeks with each of his hands and he lifted me up so I was sitting on the counter. He spread my thighs and started to lick my bald pussy with a slow licking motion. His warm tongue reached my clit and I came hard. I grabbed his sexy silver locks and worked them through my fingers as he licked my pussy. My heels were still on and I moved my legs over his shoulders and started to dig my heels into his back as he licked my clit more and gave me another massive orgasm. I thought that he was done, but he reached up, grabbed the glass of white wine I had been drinking and slowly poured it down my stomach and let it cascade over my smooth pussy and into his eager mouth. The combination of the cold wine and his warm tongue sent me over the edge again and I came the hardest I have ever cum in my life. As my body shook, I let myself lie back onto the cool marble countertops and let my thighs grab his head like a vise as each wave of my pleasurable orgasm died away.
I sat up and brought his head up and kissed him deep as I fumbled with his tie to undo it. As we shared my pussy juices, I undid his shirt and fumbled with his belt buckle and finally his button and zipper on his pants. Finally he was almost naked and I eagerly slid his silk boxers down his muscular thighs and gasped as I looked at his massively thick 8" cock bob in the air. I grabbed his hips and looked him in the eyes.
"I want you to fuck me like I have never been fucked before Mr. Richards. I want to be your woman tonight. Make me a woman please Mr. Richards. I'm tired of feeling like a little girl. Make me cum all over your thick cock and scream your name like a whore in heat. Just fuck me and make me your love slave."
His eyes twinkled even more as he grabbed the base of his cock and started to rub it on my slippery bald pussy. My juices covered the head of his cock as he started to work the head of that massive cock into my tiny pussy. He slowly slid inch after inch into my super tight young pussy and I dug my nails into his back as a wave of pleasure hit me again and Let out more moans and more juices onto his already super wet cock. I wrapped my legs around his back and grabbed his ass and begged him to fuck me hard. This made him smile even more as he slammed all of his cock into me and I let out a gasp, searching for air. He started slamming his cock into me, slowly but hard. My pussy was aching from the abuse it was taking, but it also loved it as it expanded to accept all of his cock, and kept feeding him more juices so his cock would stay super wet.
I lay back on the counter again as he grabbed my hips and started to fuck me harder and harder. My pussy was bucking against his cock, just begging for more cock. He reached down and started pinching my nipples. I was moaning loud and trying not to scream as another orgasm hit me hard. This made Mr. Richards start fucking me even harder. I looked into his sparkling blue eyes and begged him to cum in me, but in my mouth. He smiled and pulled out. I slid down the counter, over a pool of my pussy juice that had pooled up on the counter until I was on my knees. I took his pussy juiced coated cock eagerly into my mouth and started sucking for all I was worth. I finally got it all down my throat and he started to fuck my mouth like he had done to my pussy. He grabbed my hair and pulled it as he groaned and let a torrent of thick warm cum fly into my mouth and down my throat. I gagged a little because I had never had that much cum to swallow from the boys I had sucked before.
Finally I had swallowed it all and stood up and looked into his eyes. I didn't know what to say. I was totally naked except my heels in front of a guy who could be old enough to be my dad. Mr. Richards just looked at me smiling and said, "That was probably the best sex I have ever had. If you would like, I would love to see you again, and make this relationship really steamy."
I giggled and said, "Anything you want Mr. Richards. You are our best customer and you will get anything you want or need!"
He grabbed me and hugged me and kissed me deep and said, "Will you come back tomorrow? I have a fun idea that might make tonight look tame in comparison."
I grabbed his ass cheeks into my small hands and said, "Anything you want Mr. Richards, or should I say daddy?"
I giggled even more as he swatted my ass, and said, "Daddy it is. Now get home and get some sleep, because you are going to need all the energy you can muster for tomorrow night. Oh, and be here at 5 tomorrow and don't pack any clothes. I'll have all your outfits waiting for you here."
I kissed him and headed to the bathroom to clean up. My mind raced. I wonder what he will do to me tomorrow night. I guess you'll just have to wait and see!