A Helping Hand
by storyguy

Chapter 9

The girls were both looking at Donny's boyhood and grinning. He was looking at them as well, but he was horny. Had he been alone he would have been masturbating, but he couldn't do that in front of the girls even though his cock was screaming for attention. 

Susan finally broke the silence. "Um... Would you mind if we... ah... if we kinda tasted your thing?" 

Donny happily shook his head, "I don't mind, if you wanna. How do you want me?" 

The two girls whispered to each other for a bit, then Susan told him to just stand up. 

He stood up facing the girls. His cock was erect and slightly bobbing. Both girls took positions on their knees facing Donny. At first they just looked, but finally Susan reached out and wrapped her hand around his erection, then leaned forward and kissed the tip of it. Dawn nudged her and seemed to be encouraging her. 

Susan then leaned forward again, opened her mouth, then closed it with the head of Donny's cock inside. Her head went back and forth a few times, but she backed off too soon for Donny. Much to his disappointment Susan released his cock from her hand and sat back. Before he could react Dawn grabbed him, opened her mouth, and his cock went into her mouth. She too started moving her head back and forth making his cock slip in and out of her mouth. 

Donny was close when Dawn stopped, again frustrating him. She whispered something to Susan and Susan nodded. For the second time Susan took his cock into her mouth. Again her head started bobbing slowly back and forth. With all the stimulation the inevitable finally happened and Donny's cock erupted. 

Susan accepted his first squirt without spitting his cock from her mouth, but the second proved too much and she choked. She quickly backed away and, as she did, her hand aimed his cock at Dawn. The next spurt of cum that came out of Donny's cock his Dawn in the chest. A few more loads of cum squirted out of his cock before his climax ended, leaving both girls with cum on their chests. 

Donny relax some and his cock softened, but didn't go completely limp. The girls both looked at their chests giggling. Susan used her finger and picked up a dollop of cum, looked at Dawn, then put the finger into her mouth. Dawn watched, then did it herself. They both proceeded to wipe the cum off their bodies and swallow it. 

"Pizza is here. I dare you guys to come out and eat naked," Dot called out. 

The girls whispered to each other, then nodded. "If you eat naked, we will too," Susan said to Donny and he nodded. The three stood and walked to the kitchen naked, but kept their hands at their crotches until they sat at the table. The girls giggled and whispered as they ate. All three ate quickly, then went back to Susan's room. 

The girls whispered to each other again for a while. Finally Dawn stood up, then sat on the bed. "Um... Remember the last time we were together?" she asked Donny and he nodded. "I kinda liked what we did, but I don't want to do it again," she began and Donny sort of frowned. "No, it's not that. I wanna do something else. I... Um... I want you to... Ah... Would you kinda do my front this time?" she finally asked, slightly blushing. 

"OK, if you want to," Donny replied, not sure what words to use without showing his enthusiasm. A small smile appeared on Dawn's face. She lifted her feet on the bed and reclined down onto her back. Her legs parted, but she didn't say anything or do anything more. 

Susan nudged him and whispered. "She's waiting for you to do her." Donny stood and then crawled onto the bed kneeling between Dawn's outstretched legs which she opened more for him so he had room. He looked down between her legs at her treasure that she had offered him. His arms went to either side of her and his legs stretched back as his body eased down on top of her. His cock was once again rock hard. 

Donny's hips began moving as he tried to jab his erection into her waiting pussy. He could feel her wetness, but couldn't seem to enter her. Susan leaned over and whispered something to her. "Wait a sec," she mumbled as her hand snaked down between them and he felt her fingers on his cock. "OK, but go easy. It's my first time," she requested. 

He pushed forward and felt his dick sliding into her wet tunnel. "Wait," she gasped. He started pulling back, but she stopped him. "No, don't pull out, just give me a minute," Dawn told him. Donny fought the urge to push. "OK," she said softly and he pushed again. 

Donny felt his cock push against something inside her slightly blocking him from going in, then it suddenly felt loose and he went in easier. Dawn winced, but he didn't notice. Nature took over and he pushed into her as far as he could, then stopped again. He looked at her face and could tell she was holding her breath. 

After a few seconds Dawn started breathing again. Donny couldn't stop himself. He had to move and his hips began going up and down, sawing his cock into her wet pussy. Susan had moved and was sitting at the end of the bed. "Open your legs more. It's easier," she suggested. 

Dawn bent her knees as her legs went wide apart. Donny, thinking she was talking to him, also parted his legs. Susan could see his ball sack and also Dawn's pussy with a hard cock going into it. It made her hornier than she had been and her hand went to her own pussy. The sight of a cock going into a pussy so close to her was having its affect on her. Susan leaned back a little giving her a better view. 

Kay and Dot had the TV on, but neither were watching it. Instead they were listening to what was going on in Susan's alcove. Both were getting turned on listening. "Those two are getting more than we have," Kay whispered to Dot. 

“I know! I wish I was getting something instead of just listening to them,” Dot commented, getting hornier by the minute. "If... Um... Would you freak out if I kinda helped myself?" she asked softly. 

"You mean, like do yourself?" Kay asked and Dot nodded. "Would you freak out if I did it too?" Kay looked at Dot and watched her unbutton the top of her jeans. It gave Kay the courage she needed and her hands went to the top of her jeans, undoing them and pushing her zipper down. 

Both girls pushed their jeans to their thighs almost simultaneously and plunged their hands into their panties. Kay's panties felt wet as her hand found her oozing pussy. Never had she been as bold as this, but she had never been this horny not doing anything before either. 

Dot's panties bulged out as her hand found her pussy. Both leaned back as their legs parted as much as their jeans allowed. Their eyes closed as their fingers did their work, stimulating them both toward their goal. 

It wasn't long before Kay felt her body tense, awaiting the sexual release it desired. She knew it was close. She didn't realize a soft moan escaped her lips as her eruption began. Dot's breath hissed through her clinched jaw as she climaxed. 

"Look at this!" Susan gasped softly as she looked around the screen of her alcove. Dawn and Donny stood up and looked out. They had just been laying together enjoying the afterglow of their union. 

The three naked youths watched their babysitters masturbate. Donny wasn't sure exactly what they were doing, but knew it involved sex. The two girls, of course, knew exactly what the older girls were doing. "I can't believe they're doing it together right in front of us," Dawn whispered. 

"Are they doing themselves?" Donny asked making both girls look at him weirdly. "I've never seen a girl doing it. How am I supposed to know? Do you do it too?" 

"Of course," Dawn blushed. "All girls do it. Do you?" Donny nodded shyly. 

"Would you show us how?" Susan asked before thinking. 

"We'll show you if you show us," Dawn enthusiastically added. 

They were interrupted by Kay muttering, "Mmmm..." as she evidently climaxed. Dot quickly followed sucking her breath in audibly as her orgasm hit. The three watched in awe as the older girls' hips gyrated as their hands bounced around in their panties. 

Kay pulled her hand from her panties, leaving them almost to her thighs and the top of her slit barely visible. "She has no hair," Dawn muttered. "They must shave it off, I guess," she added. 

"Um... We're being watched," Dot said as her head turned toward the three naked wards. 

Kay's face turned red as she quickly pulled her panties up. "You about ready to go, Donny?" she muttered as she did up her jeans again. 

"Um... Yeah... I guess," he answered, realizing he had been caught watching. The two girls quickly ducked behind the screen again. 

"It might be a good idea if you got dressed first," Kay giggled. 

"Are we in trouble?" Dawn gasped, still naked and red faced, but now looking at Donny. 

"No, you're not in trouble," they heard Dot answer, then laugh. The girls' faces got ever redder, but they watched Donny quickly dress. 

As much as he wanted to stay with the girls and look at them more, Donny walked into the living room. "I'm ready," he muttered. 

"I'll call you later," Kay said to Dot and the two left. 


Chapter 10 

Donny and Kay started walking home in silence. The silence was awkward for Kay and she wanted to know the details of what he did. "Have fun tonight?" she asked and Donny nodded, but didn't speak, sort of frustrating Kay. "Um... What did you do?" she asked, hoping he would answer. 

Donny took a deep breath. He didn't mind talking to Kay about things, but didn't really know what to say. "I... Um... I did to Dawn what I did to Susan last time," he mumbled, slightly blushing as he did. 

"Good!" Kay smiled, trying to relax him. "Did she like it? Did you like it?" 

"Yeah... I guess so. She was kinda nervous when we started, but then she seemed to like it," he answered, a bit more relaxed. 

"Well, it was her first time. All girls are nervous their first time. I'm sure she liked it. I didn't see, but you did good with Susan and I'm sure you did good with Dawn too. Did you do anything else?" Kay commented. Donny looked at her smiling and nodded. "What?" Kay asked. 

"They used their mouth on me," he giggled. 

"I bet you loved that. Did they make you squirt?" Kay continued. 

Donny seemed to relax and became more talkative. "At first, no. Susan started, but then stopped before anything happened, then Dawn took a turn. I almost squirted, but then she stopped too. Susan did it again and made me squirt. I think she ate some, then pulled away. I kept shooting and got my stuff on their chests. They wiped it up with their fingers though, then ate it off their fingers," he explained. 

"Wow! They really did good, huh?" Kay grinned and Donny nodded enthusiastically. "What did you think about that?" 

"I liked it. It felt good. I've heard boys talk about girls doing that before. Is it OK for a girl to eat my stuff like that?" he questioned. 

Kay went on to explain to him it was fine. She continued and told him to make sure he never told anyone about the stuff he did, except to tell her, of course. It was fine to talk to the girls he did stuff with about what they did, but never tell anyone else. She explained that boys like to tell everyone what they do, but most girls don't because if boys find out a girl does stuff, they all want her to do stuff with them. A girl just wants to do stuff with the boy she does stuff with, not every boy. 

They discussed it all the way home, only stopping when Kay unlocked his door and went in. Once inside she told him he should take a bath and clean up. She offered to get his pajamas for him and suggested he just get into the tub. He nodded and the two walked down the hall, Donny going into the bathroom and Kay to his room for his pajamas. 

Kay had planned to just drop off Donny's pajamas for him, then go watch TV thinking he must be pretty tired from all the sex. When she walked into the bathroom, Donny was naked and was waiting for the tub to fill. He turned when she walked in. His boyhood was in full view and he made no effort to hide himself from her. 

She looked at his cock, hanging down limply in front of his ball sack, and somehow couldn't think of why she couldn't stay and look at him. "OK if we talk while you take a bath?" she asked, hoping he would agree. He nodded and she sat down on the toilet seat. Kay tried to look like she wasn't interested in his body, but her eyes kept going to his package. He seemed to largely ignore her and turned his attention back to the water, adjusting it to his liking. 

Kay began chatting about just about anything she could think of. Donny climbed into the tub and began washing himself. Their conversation wandered aimlessly as Kay was only really interested in his naked body. She could feel her pussy getting wet again when he reached down and washed his cock and balls. Suddenly she was at a loss for words and had lost their conversation. "I'm gonna go turn on the TV. When you get out come to the living room and we can watch TV a little before you go to bed." 

Kay kicked herself as she watched the TV, not really paying attention to it. Her mind was on sex. It wasn't long before Donny walked in, dressed in his pajamas. He went to sit next to her on the couch, but she stopped him. "I almost forgot. I didn't check you to make sure you're OK," she grinned as she reached for his pajama bottoms, easing them over his hips and letting them fall to his feet. Her hand immediately went to his boyhood. 

He smiled back at her as his cock began to stiffen and she could feel her pussy getting wetter. "Why don't you lay on the couch with your head on the arm rest," she suggested. Naturally he did as she asked. "Let's get your least favorite thing over with first. Pull your knees up and out." 

"It's fine there... really," he stated, knowing what she was going to do. 

"We still need to check. First that, then we can check the rest," she explained. Slowly he pulled his knees up, but not too far. "You need to pull your knees to your shoulders. You know that," Kay instructed. He pulled his legs up some. "More," she muttered. Donny curled his back as his knees went up, opening his ass cheeks and exposing his asshole. 

"Good," Kay smiled. Her finger touched his rear opening and she felt him clench. "Relax. It will only take a second, then we can move on to the rest. If you're good, maybe I'll kiss you in front," she grinned. 

Donny smiled and she felt his asshole relax. Slowly she pushed her finger in. She didn't understand it, but fingering him like that made her feel empowered. He squirmed a bit as she pushed her finger as far in as she could. "Hurt?" she asked for some unknown reason and he shook his head. Kay looked at her finger, embedded into his body, then slowly withdrew it. 

As her hand slid up to his balls, his feet dropped to the couch, but his knees stayed spread. His now very stiff cock twitched as she gently rolled his ball sack with her fingers. "They feel OK. Any pain?" Kay smiled, already knowing the answer and he shook his head. She could see his cock almost straining, standing stiffly out from his body. 

Kay's fingers went around his erection. "This looks fine. Any discomfort?" she asked, not bothering to even look up to see if he was moving his head. "I'm always checking you. Would you like to check me?" 

"Sure! I mean, OK, if you want me to. How?" he grinned. 

Kay's pussy was soaked. "I know you have a hard time with my jeans, so I'll take them off for you. You can take off my panties, then I'll get on the couch like you were and you can check me like I check you," she explained, hoping he wouldn't sense how much she wanted him to touch her. "Maybe you can see what I check you for," Kay added, trying to make an excuse. 

Donny nodded with a big grin on his face, making Kay smile. She stood up and pealed her jeans off, placing them on a chair, then stood in front of Donny wearing only her panties and top. He didn't do anything, just stared at her panties. "Go on... You can pull them down," she encouraged. 

He hesitated a moment longer, then reached out hooking his fingers in her panties at her hips. Donny looked up at her again and Kay nodded. Her pussy was getting wetter. Slowly he pulled down guiding her panties over her hips and to her thighs until he released them letting them fall to her feet. Kay stepped out of them and even though he was young was more excited than she had ever been. It wasn't the first time she had her panties pulled down by a boy, but it was the first time she asked a boy to pull them down. She felt in control and it excited her. 

At first Donny just stared and, after a few moments, muttered, "Turn around." Knowing what he was going to do, Kay turned her back to him, then bent over at the waist. Donny looked at her now exposed asshole and her pussy lips now pushing out between her legs. 

He reached out and Kay's breath sucked in as she felt his finger push into her ass. She relaxed as much as she could and felt his finger sink in. Her mind was now far in the background as her body pushed back against his hand, driving his finger deeper. As his finger pulled out she turned to face him again. "Want me to lay on the couch like you did?" she hinted. 

He nodded with his focus still on her pussy. Kay lay back on the couch and opened her legs with her knees bent, exposing her pussy to him. With her legs so far apart her pussy lips parted slightly. He reached out, then stopped, looking up at her face. She wanted to scream, "Yes!", but held her emotions in check and just nodded. 

His hand went forward again and a finger went into her drooling pussy. Kay held her breath as shock waves seem to radiate out from his finger. Donny's eyes were glued to her pussy and he noticed a little knob extending out from her pussy lips. He grazed over it with his thumb. Kay's hips jutted up. To him it looked like she had a tiny penis that seemed erect. Once more he flicked it in fascination and she had the same reaction. 

Not sure what else to do Donny started to pull his finger out of her. "More!" she gasped. He stopped moving. "Check more," Kay pleaded. Donny pushed his finger back into her and she made a soft hissing sound. Again he flicked her little cock and, like before, her hips pushed up. 

Kay's body was almost violently reacting to Donny. He wasn't the first to finger her, but this time instead of allowing it, she was asking for it. As young and inexperienced as he was, Kay could feel her orgasm approaching. She felt Donny's hand begin to pull away again. 

In desperation Kay reached down grabbing his hand in hers. She guided his hand, rubbing her where she needed to be rubbed. Her efforts were rewarded and her body exploded in a much needed orgasm. Donny watched in amazement as Kay squirmed almost uncontrollably. 

After a few minutes she stopped moving and released his hand, which he pulled away from her. Her legs were still wide and her pussy seemed more puffy. Her eyes fluttered, then opened. "What happened?" he asked. 

Kay smiled. "You know how great it feels when you squirt?" she asked and he nodded. "Girls don't really squirt, but they get the same feeling. You just made me feel like that," she explained. 

