
      
      PART IX
      As the weekend approached, Lisa called Susan and 
asked, "Hey, are we going to try to get together this 
weekend?"
      "Well, maybe we can do something on Sunday, but 
Charles told me not to plan anything on Saturday because he 
has made plans for us."
      "Okay, give me a call if you want to do something."  
After she hung up the phone, Lisa was surprised to realize 
she felt a little bit jealous.  She was able to laugh it 
off and it actually did her good to be reminded that the 
four friends were actually two couples.  She suddenly 
realized it would be good to reinforce that by following up 
the sex play that she and James had enjoyed with Susan and 
Charles with a date alone with James.
      On Saturday, as she got dressed for a night out with 
Charles, Susan asked him, "What's up?  Why the special 
plans?"
      He shrugged and said, "Well, we did our thing with 
Lisa and we did our thing with James and Lisa.  I got to 
thinking about how incredibly lucky I am to have you and 
how incredibly lucky we are to have a relationship like 
that and I wanted to remind you how much I love you."
      Tears came to her eyes and she hugged him hard.
      They went to eat at one of the finest restaurants in 
town.  Afterwards he took her to Colson's, an upscale bar 
on top of one of the buildings downtown, where they had 
cocktails and they danced.  She realized that one of the 
biggest turn-ons of the evening was that not once had he 
asked her where she wanted to go or what 2she wanted to do.  
Unlike most evenings out, he had taken complete charge.  On 
this evening that was perfect.
      During a slow dance Susan was very aware of the warmth 
between their bodies, his hands firm on her back.  She 
pressed against him wanting to press her breasts and thighs 
and torso against her man.  He made a sound of pleasure and 
she tilted her head to whisper in his ear.
      "You know, it doesn't require this to get me in bed."
      He laughed.  "This is not about trying to get you in 
bed.  This about how much I love you."
      "I love you, too, and even if this is not about trying 
to get me in bed, let me just say, as a woman, I am getting 
very wet for my man."
      He laughed, held her tight and said, "Well, my lady, 
you get as wet as possible because I want to taste you 
later."
      They held each other tighter and swayed together to 
the music.
      
      At about the time Charles and Susan were dancing, and 
getting very horny for each other, Lisa and James were 
pulling into the parking lot of the Easy Slide Rhythm and 
Blues Club.  James picked Lisa up earlier that night.  She 
had told him not to expect to go out with Charles and 
Susan, and, yeah, he was a little disappointed about that.  
Truth was, so was Lisa, but there was no reason the new 
expansion of their sexual horizons could not enhance the 
two of them alone.
      They parked at the club and Lisa said, "You're not 
disappointed about not being able to fuck Susan and me both 
tonight, are you?"
      Her forthrightness surprised James, but he liked it.  
"No, of course not.  I'm sure if everything works, and we 
all want it, we'll enjoy each other again, but I will 
always enjoy you the most."
      "Good answer."  She laughed.  "Just so you know, if 
you keep being honest with me and let me be honest with 
you, other things are going to change, too."
      "What do you mean?"
      "You and I usually go out, have fun and go back to my 
place or your place and have sex, right?"
      "Well, yeah."
      "The sex is good and important, right?"
      "Sure.  It is not the only reason I enjoy being with 
you, but you bet I enjoy the sex."
      "Especially lately?"  She reached over and gave his 
cock a rub through his pants.
      He laughed.  "Yeah, lately the sex has been a little 
more. . . um . . . kinky?  Intense?  Something."
      "I like kinky."
      "I do, too.  A lot of the time.  That doesn't mean 
there won't be times when I want to make love with you, 
nice and slow."
      "Hmmmmm, you better, but just so you know, tonight you 
don't have to be slow."
      "Okay.  It's a deal.  Tonight is kinky night."
      "Good.  Then you'll understand when I do this."  Lisa 
hiked her skirt up and reached underneath.  He could see 
the smooth expanse of her thighs above the dark, thigh high 
stockings she was wearing.  His cock began to get hard.
      She raised her bottom off the car seat and slid her 
black panties down her legs and off.  She tugged her skirt 
down, smiled sweetly, and said, "Okay, I'm ready."
      "Wait just a minute.  Let me see those."
      She handed him her panties.  It excited him that they 
were warm from her body heat.  He held them to his face and 
breathed deep.  The aroma of her excitement was very 
evident.  He looked at her and said, "Your pussy smells 
delicious."
      "Good.  Now let's get in the club before I soak the 
back of my dress."
      With a grin, he hung her panties over the rear view 
mirror of the car.  She smiled and got out of the car.  He 
let his hand rest on her bottom as they walked into the 
club.
      
      While Lisa and James were enjoying their first ice 
cold glasses of vodka, Charles and Susan were finishing 
their last cocktail and getting ready to go to their house.  
They walked arm and arm to the car.  Charles kissed her 
before he opened her door, his hands on her bottom pulling 
her close to him.
      "Let's get home," she said, "I want you inside of me."
      
      The Easy Slide was crowded.  Lisa and James found a 
place at the end of the bar right next to one of the 
waitress stations.  There they could stand crammed together 
and watch the crowd.  An advantage was that this corner was 
a little dark and a little out of the way.  It wasn't long 
before Lisa felt James's hand on the back of her thigh.  
She made a sound of pleasure and moved closer to him, 
assuring that no one else in the room could see his hand 
sliding up under her skirt.
      "You know, my kinky girlfriend, you could have left 
your panties on and I might just have taken them off right 
here."
      "Oh, you would, would you?  You like me being naked 
under this skirt, don't you?"
      "Yes I do."  His hand slid further, until he could 
feel the curve of the cheeks of her bottom against the side 
of his hand.  "I like being able to feel your naked ass."
      She squirmed a little against his hand.  "Can you feel 
that I'm getting wet?"
      He curved his hand between her legs.  She spread her 
legs just a little to give him more room.  "Yes," he said, 
"I can tell."  He could feel her, heated and moist between 
the legs.
      
      Charles and Susan arrived at their home and headed 
straight for the bedroom.  Without taking their eyes from 
each other, they stood on either side of the bed and pulled 
back the bedspread.  Standing on opposite sides of the bed, 
they started to undress, watching each other with pleasure.
      "You are so beautiful and sexy," Charles said.  
"Tonight I want it to be all about you."
      Soon, she was standing in her bra and panties and he 
was completely naked, his cock hard and standing straight 
from his body.  "Wait," he said, "let me look at you."
      She felt curiously shy as she stood there, exposed 
intimately before him.  He moved around to her side of the 
bed and she turned to face him.  His arms went around her 
and he pulled her close, his cock curving hard against the 
soft, silky warmth of her panties.
      One of his hands was in the small of her back and the 
other lower, just touching the top of her panties as they 
kissed.  He could feel the warm softness of her breasts 
beneath her bra.  Her nipples were swollen and the pressure 
of the material of her bra, pressing and rubbing against 
his chest, was stimulating her in a very good way.
      His hands slid over her, feeling the smooth curve of 
her.  They trailed up her back and with practiced 
familiarity he unhooked her bra.  He stepped back so that 
he could slide it off of her.  Each hand cupped a breast 
and each thumb gently stroked a nipple.  The nipples 
hardened and sent flashes of arousal to her groin.
      
      Back at the Easy Slide, James's hand was pressed 
between Lisa's legs.  The two of them were close together 
to make sure that no one in the crowded bar could see what 
they were doing.  The waitress came to the wait station 
every so often and stood right next to them. They would sit 
still so that she would not notice that his hand was under 
Lisa's dress.
      The tip of one of his fingers pressed into the split 
of Lisa's sex, encountering the heat and slickness of her.  
Lisa shifted her hips slightly, hunching backwards to try 
and feel the stimulation of his finger.  The tip of the 
finger got wet from her and he moved it up to find her 
clit.  Leaning, he whispered in her ear, "You feel very 
nice."  She made a happy noise in her throat in reply and 
brushed the back of her hand against his cock.
      "You're going to make me come," she said.
      "Do you have a problem with that?"
      She smiled shyly.  "No."
      He moved his finger lower to get it wetter and pressed 
it again to her clit, making small circles around that 
swollen part of her.
      She gripped his arm with both her hands and put her 
forehead on his shoulder.  As her orgasm slowly flooded her 
senses, she bit his arm to keep from crying out.
      He laughed.  
      "Let's go," she said.
      He took his hand from between her legs and turned to 
finish his drink.  Just as they prepared to leave, the 
waitress came to her station.  All night she'd had that 
waitress face, a ready smile but eyes that never looked 
directly at any one person, but as they started to leave, 
she smiled and said, "Looks like you were having fun."
      James smiled sheepishly.  Lisa laughed and said, "Oh, 
yes."
      They all three laughed and Lisa and James left the 
bar.
      In the parking lot, James's car was parked against the 
fence at the back of the lot.  He walked Lisa around to 
open the door for her, but as he stood behind her and 
reached around her to the car door, he felt her butt 
pressed against him.
      "Hmmmm," she said, as she rubbed her ass against his 
cock, stiff in his pants.
      He put his hands on her skirt and squeezed her ass.  
She leaned against the car, arching to thrust her ass at 
him.  He lifted her skirt, exposing her bare ass to the 
night and to his caresses.  She spread her legs and braced 
against the car.  Looking around, he unzipped his pants and 
took his hard cock in his hand.
      He stooped slightly to fit his cock against her pussy 
from behind.  He pushed into her, took her hips in his 
hands and started moving with a frenzy inside her pussy.  
In that position, his cock pressed against the topside of 
her pussy and almost seemed to be pressing her clit from 
the inside.  They both felt her get wetter.  The feeling 
made him move even faster inside of her.
      "I'm going to come," he said.
      "Come on baby, come inside of me," she said.
      He did, pressing her against the car as his cock 
discharged inside of her.  He slipped from her and turned 
her around to kiss.
      "Hmmm," she said, "I can feel your come running down 
my thighs.  I like it."  She put a hand between her legs, 
getting it wet from the mix of their fluids.  She made a 
sound of appreciation as she put her fingers in her mouth. 
      
      Back at their house, Susan was lying on the bed with 
her arms over her head and her legs spread slightly.  
Charles was hovering over her, kissing and licking her neck 
and shoulder and nipples and ears.  He knelt beside her, 
his cock raised hard away from his body.  His left hand was 
lightly caressing her hair as he bent down to kiss her 
lips.  Their mouths opened to each other and their tongues 
touched.  
      He rose slightly so that his lips did not quite meet 
hers.  His tongue touched her lips and her tongue.  Their 
breath mingled.  He brought his right hand up slowly 
between her legs until he could feel the hair there, silky 
and light against his fingers.
      He continued to kiss her with just the tip of his 
tongue.  The hand between her legs danced lightly over her, 
his fingers lightly touching her.  He took the lips on one 
side of her pussy lightly between his fingers and stroked, 
enjoying the firm texture of her sex.  He moved his fingers 
to the other side.  She arched her hips and groaned into 
his mouth.
      He brought his fingers to his mouth and wet them.  He 
moved them back between her legs and the wetness made her 
slippery as he slowly continued to feel one side of her and 
then the other.  He pressed only slightly inside of her and 
added that slickness to his fingers.  She groaned again and 
said, "You're torturing me."
      He smiled.  One finger slid into her slowly.  She 
moved against it.  He moved his finger inside of her, 
feeling all sides of her.
      He brought the finger, wet and scented by her to her 
nipple and rubbed her there.  He moved the finger back 
between her legs and as it slid into her again, his tongue 
tasted her from her nipple, first lightly and then 
stronger, until he sucked her nipple into his mouth, 
seemingly trying to get her entire breast into his mouth 
while his tongue circled and stroked and licked her nipple.
      She arched her back to him.
      He withdrew the finger from inside her and raised it 
to her face.  He smiled as he held his finger against her 
lips.  She could smell her scent.  Her tongue touched his 
finger and she could taste herself.
      He took one of her hands in his and laced their 
fingers together.  Together, their hands went between her 
legs.  He cupped his hand over the top of her hand and 
urged her to rub herself between the legs.  He slipped his 
index finger under hers and pulled it up so that it was 
extended along the length of his.  Together, they pushed 
both fingers inside of her and stroked slowly back and 
forth.
      He raised their hands to their faces.  While looking 
into each other's eyes, they took their partner's finger 
into their mouth and sucked and licked the taste of her.
      "I want you," she said.
      He rolled over on top of her.  Her hand took him and 
guided him inside of her.  He moved slowly, going deep and 
withdrawing so that only the tip of him remained surrounded 
by the heat of her.  Over and over he moved in and out 
slowly.  Her hips moved against him.
      He held himself off of her and she put her arms around 
him, rising to brush her nipples against his chest.  He 
pressed against her and moved his hands beneath her hips 
lifting her to meet his slow and steady thrusts.
      She locked her ankles around his legs.  Her orgasm 
made her cry out.  He felt the surge as his own orgasm 
became inevitable.  He pressed against her to come as deep 
inside her as he could get.
      After a moment they lay still, side by side.  "I love 
you," he said.
      "I love you," she said.    

