Frumpy
by neykid

Ok where do I start well one of my part time jobs is in an adult store and my boss is always dropping hints that I should dress more sexy. I always dress frumpy there because I don’t want all the men leering at me while I work. One night while watching one of those silly makeover shows were they video tape everyone first impression of the girl and she see how she really looks to people. Well this time the girl kind of looked like me and it shocked me. So I went to my closet and found that all my clothes are frumpy looking. I had to go shopping for at least one dress and pair of high heel shoes. So that night I went to work at the store and my boss noticed right away.

“Sandy you are looking wonderful tonight why the sudden change”?

“I guess it was all those hints you have dropping “ I said with a smile.

The dress wasn’t revealing it was just above the knee and my cleavage wasn’t showing. That night most of the regular guys that came into the store all looked at me differently and I was kind of liking it. I got to thinking why hadn’t I done this long time ago. Anyway I have to go and buy a few more clothes because I couldn’t wear the same dress all the time. This time a got some skirts and blouses. So the next night was going great the boss had a smile on his face and the customers were checking me out. I went to the bathroom and I was checking myself out in the mirror and out of nowhere I undid a couple of buttons on my blouse. I was actually getting turned on a little showing some cleavage. When I got home I decided to shorten all my shirts. This whole new me was taking over and I was really enjoying it. Each night I was getting more excited and the boss was really liking it too.

“Ever since you have come to work the way you are dressed now business has picked up” my boss said

“all because of me”?

“Yes my dear”

“Here’s a thought would you consider wearing one of the dresses in the store”?

My heart skipped a beat when he said that . “ I would have to think about it.” I said as I walked out the door

I went home and was lying in me bed thinking if I had the courage to wear one of those dresses and the more I thought about it the more I got turned on that I had to satisfy myself. I woke up still turned on and even did my morning routine naked which I have never done. I did my regular day job in my frumpy clothes and all I could think of was working in the adult store in one of those dresses. Needless to say my work suffered. It came time for my shift at the store and I went there in my regular clothes to the disappointment of my boss.

“Aren’t you going to wear one the dresses”?

I said “No I don’t have the nerve to do it.”

Then one of the regular customers came in and said “ hey what happened you were looking sexy now you are going back to the way you were before.”

I sensed the disappointment in his voice and said “ I lost my nerve ,I was suppose to wear one of the dresses here.”

“what no way really”!

“Yes but I just cant bring myself to do it.”

“Please please would you put one of those dresses on.”

I noticed my boss out of the corner of my eye then gave in “ ok I will do it since you guys were really liking the way I was dressing.”

Just then my boss came up to me and handed a dress to me like he had already had it picked out ages ago.
I went to the dressing room and began to change and noticed that I couldn’t wear a bra with it plus I didn’t actually wear the sexiest underwear that night. Then I look at the sides of the dress with all the holes and tried to adjust the dress to hide my panties but it was no use. I couldn’t believe I was going to work in this dress with nothing underneath and what made thing worse was the bottom just came to just below my ass cheeks. I was a bundle of nerves as I walking out of the dressing room. I caught the eye of my boss and saw he had the biggest shit eating grin I have ever seen. Then the customers that were there had the biggest smile too. Still a bundle of nerves I started serving the customers and they really liked what they saw. As I got further into my shift I started to get used to it and began teasing everyone, I even bent over a few times exposing myself. By the time I got home I couldn’t wait to masturbate with one of the toys I got from the store. I had a few days off so I had to go shopping for sexier bra and panty sets and some mini skirts and low cut tops. I even threw out my other clothes. I started wearing sexier clothes all the time. My first night back I had on my mini skirt and a low cut halter top but half way through my shift I ended up taking my bra and panties off. I was really becoming an exhibitionist. I was constantly turn on and my nipples gave me away since I had no bra. A lot of the customers were giving little naughty remarks about how hot I was and how nice my nipples were. As usual now when I get home I release some pressure and they have been some of the most intense orgasms I have ever had. One night my boss had a sale on lingerie and wanted me to model some to promote the sale. Another sinking feeling came over me but this time the excitement ruled over. I had to wear this peakaboo bra and panty number and the panties were see thru. Just walking back into the sales area my knees began to shake but I manage to calm down a bit to carry on working. I have never been so turned on in my life.

“ hey sandy I have another thing for you change into” my boss said
I look over and see this leather outfit and him with a smile and a bulge in his pants. The sexual tension in the place was getting pretty high. I grabbed the outfit and as I walked by I brushed my hand up against the bulge in his pants. Wow I thought to myself I am becoming an animal. I stepped out into the sale area again with this leather strap almost splitting me in two between my legs and just some straps of my nipples. Just the pressure of the strap between my leg was almost bringing me to orgasm. I guess word got around or something but the store seemed more packed than usual. It has been a big step from wearing frumpy clothes to being next to naked walking around serving customers mostly men and some women but it all seemed like a dream. The next outfit my boss had in his hand was a pair of crotch less panties. I just walked over to him through off the leather strap number right there in front of everyone and slipped into the panties. The panties weren’t on long because someone wanted to buy them so I had to spend the rest of my shift naked which was unbelievable. As my boss and I closed up shop I couldn’t take it anymore and I took a toy off the shelf and had fun with it until I exploded with this earth shattering orgasm that almost made me pass out. After that night I always had to wear some sort of lingerie or costume and quite a few costumers would buy them so I ended up naked a lot of the nights.