
Spa games (exh, mast, MMFF/finger)

Meg and I live in a large apartment complex in Phoenix, Arizona.  We've been
dating for over two year and she moved-in with me about a year ago.  Meg is a
very private girl. She is a great sex partner in the bedroom but she dresses
and acts like a nun in public places. The following story happened a few weeks
ago.

Our complex has a large swimming pool and we often spend the end of a warm
summer day at the pool. The complex also has a spa. The spa water is usually
too warm for us but if we stay out late enough, we sometimes sit in the spa and
chat.  The pool area is pretty busy in the early evening. Towards 11PM the
crowd thins and we are often the only people around.

When we sit in the spa and turn the bubbles on it's pretty difficult to see
through the water. Many evenings I tried to convince Meg to take off her
bathing suit and sit naked in the water. She always refused saying that the
underwater lights would make her body too visible. She dared me back by asking
me to take my swimming trunks off underwater. I immediately took my swimming
trunks off and handed them to her. At first she thought I was pulling a trick
on her.  She was sure I had an extra pair of Speedos under my swimming trunks.
Her hand went underwater, looking the hidden speedos. Instead of Speedos it
found my already hard dick.  She immediately retracted her hand and was very
embarrassed. `What if someone walks by and sees you like this?' she asked, half
smiling, half concerned. I thought it was cute that *she* was blushing even
though *I* was naked.

Call it luck. Our complex is not in the greatest financial shape. They often
take a while before they fix broken things. The underwater lighting system of
the spa broke and I knew it would take them a while to fix it. Call it luck
again - Two weeks ago was my birthday. Meg was very busy at work and she didn't
have time to get me anything. She was very apologetic and said she would make
it up to me. I didn't really mind. We went out for dinner and got back pretty
late. As usual, we headed for our nightly visit at the spa. It was almost
midnight when we entered the spa. The entire pool area was completely
deserted.  We sat and chat for a while, and then I said: `I know what I want
for my birthday present'. Meg gave me a curious look. `I want your bathing
suit, right now' I continued. On a normal day, Meg would simply refuse.
However, that was my birthday. I saw Meg's eyes look around quickly. There was
no one around.  In the dim light from a nearby lamp I could see that she was
blushing.  `No one's here, the bubbles are running and there's no light' I
said, trying to help her decide. A few more seconds went by and I was ready for
defeat. To my surprise, she lowered her body into the water and slowly took off
her bathing suit. She handed me her bathing suit with a nervous smile, keeping
her body as low as possible in the water.

I let her sit like this for a few minutes talking about unrelated things. When
I felt that she relaxed a bit, I said: `Come, sit on my lap'. She became
nervous again. Sitting on my lap would expose the tops of her tits. I saw her
eyes scan the pool area quickly. Still no one around. She slowly climbed on and
sat on my lap. Her tits were at the waterline - half visible. I started running
my hands up and down her body. The bubbles were already tickling every spot of
her body so my hands had an easy job exciting her. I moved from her belly, down
to her thighs, and up to her tits, over and over. I could feel that she was
getting aroused.  her back arched a little, pushing her tits higher above the
waterline. My hands started closing in on her pussy.

`Spread your legs as wide as you can' I said. `Make yourself the most
exposed'.  `Why?' she asked. `Make it so that if someone saw you, you'd be the
most embarrassed' I replied. `It's all underwater, and no one can see you, but
just in case someone does'.  I think Meg liked my little game. She felt safe
enough underwater, and she was pretty horny now. Slowly, she spread her legs as
wide as they would go. Her pussy was wide open for my roaming hands. I started
massaging her clit with one hand and her tits with the other. Her body
responded by swaying her butt back and forth, faster and faster.

Suddenly the bubbles stopped. Our spa has a timer less than 30 feet away from
the edge. `I dare you to go and restart the bubbles naked' I said. Meg was
pretty horny. She looked at me, had a quick look around us to make sure we were
still alone, and then ran out of the spa to turn the bubble timer back on.  I
didn't expect her to accept my dare so quickly. I stared at her wet naked body
running in full view, her tits and ass bouncing. I wasn't sure how much farther
I'd be able to push her but it looked promising.

Meg returned to the spa quickly and replaced herself on my lap. She wanted
more. The bubble streams started again, and my hands went back to playing with
her body. I started fingering her pussy underwater. Outside the water, this
treatment usually sends her into an orgasm very quickly. This time, the water
washed away all her pussy lubrication so finger fucking wasn't working very
well.  I tried this for a few minutes until I realized that I have to get her
out the the water. Our spa is shaped like a donut with a round island in the
middle.  `Climb on the island' I said `I know you want to'. `I'd be completely
exposed. I'm too embarrassed' was her reply. I didn't say anything. I removed
my hands from Meg's pussy and went back to caressing her thighs, tummy and
tits.  My point was: If Meg doesn't climb on the island, she simply won't get
to cum.

It was a gamble but I won. Two minutes later, Meg set up and climbed onto the
island. She laid down on her back with her pussy facing me. `Spread your legs
wide' I said. This time, Meg obeyed. She spread her legs in the air as wide as
she could. I stood back and enjoyed the view. As I looked around I could see a
figure standing some 50 feet away. I recognized it as a guy who lived in our
complex. I was pretty sure I saw him and his wife around the complex. He just
stood there, staring at Meg's legs spread wide. I wasn't sure what to do. I
didn't want to share Meg with anyone, but the idea of a stranger watching her
cum made me feel very horny. I knew that she would die of embarrassment if she
saw the guy.

Meg couldn't see him so I decided to ignore the guy and let him watch. I
started licking Meg's clit and finger fucking her at the same time. Her juices
were now flowing heavily and my fingers slid in easily. Her back was arched
back and her hips were swaying against my fingers. She started moaning loudly.
Even the noise of the bubbles couldn't mask her moaning. I knew she was close.
Her motion became faster, and faster until she exploded. I took a quick glance
and verified that our viewer saw the whole thing. He was still standing in the
shadows, staring.

Meg was still laying on her back, relaxing from her orgasm. I was very horny
and had to do something about it. Megs head was at the far end of the island,
hanging over the edge. Her hair was touching the waterline. I took off my
swimming trunks, walked to the other side of the island and placed my dick in
front of Megs mouth. Meg was very quiet now. Without a word, she opened her
mouth and took my dick in. I started thrusting my dick into Meg's mouth.  With
her neck bent backward my dick could reach pretty far into her throat.  Our
guest was still looking at us. Meg's legs were spread facing him. She was
completely naked giving me a deep blowjob. Meg had one hand massaging her clit
and another grabbing my ass and pulling me into her throat. I massaged her
nipples as I moved my hips back and forth. I was so horny after the evening
events that it only took me a few minutes. I felt the orgasm coming. I checked
that the stranger was still there when I shot my cum into Meg's throat.

I dropped back into the water and Meg rolled off the island and joined me. We
hugged for a while. Meg was kissing my face, smiling and mumbling about how
crazy I was.  It was almost 1AM so we put our bathing suits back on and headed
home. As we got out of the spa, I noticed that the stranger was gone. I
couldn't spend too long thinking about it because Meg was very horny again. She
kept grabbing my dick and ass through the fabric of my swimming trunks until we
got home. We fucked twice more that night. The experience of sex outside got
Meg very horny.  Hornier than I have ever seen her.

On the days that followed, I ran into our stranger viewer a couple of times in
the complex. He never made eye contact or showed any signs that he saw Meg and
I at the spa. Meg was very horny every night but we couldn't have a repeat
performance because it wasn't late enough and the pool area was never empty.

On the next Saturday night, Meg and I went out for dinner and a late movie.  In
was midnight when we returned. Meg suggested that we go to the spa. She didn't
say anything about sex, but I could guess. We put on our bathing suits and I
made a joke about them being a temporary thing. Meg blushed but didn't say
anything.

As we walked into the pool area, we saw two figures in the spa. I was
disappointed. As we got closer to the spa, I suddenly recognized our stranger
from last week sitting in the spa with his wife. We said hi and sat on the
opposite side of the spa. The spa in our complex was about 20 feet in
diameter.  Under the noise of the bubbles, we could have our private
conversation without hearing theirs.  We chat for a while. I saw Meg sending
impatient stares at the other couple.  She must have been pretty horny because
her hand was massaging my dick and balls underwater. This went on for over
fifteen minutes. The other couple were in no hurry to leave. Suddenly, the
bubble timer elapsed and the bubbles stopped. I was about to get up and restart
the timer. I saw the other couple exchanging a smile.  Without a warning, the
other woman got out of the water and ran to restart the timer. She was
completely naked. Meg was stunned. She squeezed my balls so hard that I almost
screamed. Meg and I sat frozen in the spa as the other woman returned. She sat
on he husbands lap facing us and I could tell from the angle of his hands that
he was touching her pussy.

The other woman was enjoying herself. Her back was arched and she was touching
her tits. Both were ignoring us completely. I wasn't sure what to do. I was
very horny but I wasn't sure what Meg would do if I touched her. Her eyes were
glued to the other couple. I moved my hand underwater and touched her thigh
lightly.  I could not anticipate her response: She immediately spread her legs
underwater, making room for my hand. I began caressing Megs thighs. She
responded by inserting her hand through my swimming trunks leg hole and
massaging my dick.

This went on for a few minutes. Both Meg and I were very horny so, I decided to
try my luck. Meg was wearing a two-piece bathing suit. I slipped my fingers
under the elastic of her bottoms and started pushing them down. I expected some
objection. Instead, Meg brought her thighs together, and lifted her ass a
little so I could easily take her bottoms off.  As soon as her bottoms were
off, she sat on my lap and spread her legs. Her eyes were fixed on the other
couple the entire time. I couldn't believe it was happening.

I started massaging her clit. Meg was  was hot and ready. As soon as I touched
her clit she started moaning.  Her eyes were still glued on the other couple.
I could stay in this position for a while but I wanted more.  Megs tits were
now at waterlevel.  If I took her top off, the other couple would see her
tits.  I guess I was thinking too slowly because I suddenly felt Meg's hands
stretch behind her back and remove her own top.  Her tits were now exposed to
the other couple. Meg was acting crazy.  Her hands were shaking. She
practically dragged my hands to her clit. I massaged her clit as fast as I
could. Her hand took one of my hands and led it to her ass.  Meg rarely let me
play with her asshole. Now she was inviting me in.  I pushed one finger into
her tight asshole and heard her scream `Oh, Fuck me, Fuck me, Fuck me hard'.

Meg would never use such language in front of other people.  She was out of
control. Her hands were shaking as she touched me. She dragged my swimming
trunks off me and tried to mount my dick underwater. I guess she wasn't brave
enough to climb on the island in front of the other couple and let me make her
cum. She mounted my dick facing away from me, still staring at the other
couple. I knew that underwater fucking was difficult but Meg didn't care. The
underwater sensation wasn't so great but Meg wouldn't climb on the island.

This went on for a few minutes. Neither Meg nor the other woman would climb on
the island and expose themselves.  Finally, the other woman climbed on the
island.  She stood on all four facing us. Her face was now very close to us and
her eyes were clearly visible - staring at us. Her husband started licking her
pussy from behind. We could both hear loud slurping sounds as he licked her
pussy and her asshole. She was moaning loudly. We both stared at her
speechless.  A woman we never met was about to cum in plain view, less than two
feet away from us.

The woman's moans were getting louder. Her expression was of intense pleasure.
She stared at Meg and extended her hand towards her. Meg remained frozen. The
woman's hand moved closer to Meg's face and touched her lips. It was like a
scene from a porn movie. Meg opened her mouth and started sucking on the
woman's fingers.  The woman thrusted two fingers into Meg's mouth -
fingerfucking her.  A minute later Meg lifted her hand and reached the woman's
mouth. The woman opened her mouth and let Meg's fingers in. Meg matched the
woman's rhythm and fingerfucked her back.  I never saw two women fucking. Meg
and the other woman weren't really fucking but watching them play made me very
very horny.

The other woman's motions were becoming quicker and sharper. Her fingers
fucking Meg's mouth became more aggressive, going deeper and faster. A few
minutes later Meg and I stared into the eyes of a woman having an orgasm.  Her
body collapsed on the spa island and she rested for a few seconds.

I wanted Meg to take the woman's place on the island. I wanted the strangers to
see me fucking Meg. Before I managed to do anything, the woman on the island
changed her position. She was now laying on her back with her legs spread in
our direction and her mouth ready for her husband's dick. The exact same
position that Meg and I used a few days ago. Her husband stuck his dick in her
mouth and started pounding.  The woman used her hands to stroke her clit and
finger herself. Her legs were spread wide and we could see her fingers sinking
deep in her pussy.

Suddenly, her finger came out of her pussy and pointed at us. Then, it pointed
to her pussy. I knew what she was asking us to do but decided not to move
unless Meg does. Up to that point, there was nothing physical between us and
them. I wasn't going to touch another woman's pussy in front of my girlfriend.
I didn't have to wait long. Without hesitation, Meg extended her hand, stuck
two fingers into the woman's pussy, and started fingerfucking her. The woman
loved the attention. Her body started moving and her hips met Megs thrusts. I
wanted a part of the action but didn't know how Meg might react. I started
touching Megs arm, stroking it over and over. Meg got the message. She took my
hand and led it to the woman's pussy, sticking my fingers all the way in. We
both had fingers in the woman's pussy and played with her clit. Her hips were
rocking back and forth, meeting our strokes.

Meg extended her other hand and started fingerfucking the woman with both
hands.  I figured `why not?' and added my other hand into the party. Some hands
rubbed the woman's thighs and ass. Others fingerfucked her pussy, clit and
asshole.  Her hips moved faster and faster.  The entire time, her husband was
fucking her mouth and looking at our fingers. A minute or two later the husband
came in her mouth. She couldn't swallow all his cum and some of it poured
through the corner of her mouth and onto her cheeks.

The woman didn't wait for her second orgasm. She sat up, looked at us, and said
her only two words for that evening: `Your turn'.  She got off the island and
stood by her husband. Meg finally got out of the water. To my surprise, she
laid on her back with her head in my direction and her feet in theirs. She took
my dick in her mouth and spread her legs as wide as she could. The woman and
her husband needed no explanations. The woman started playing with Meg's feet.
She took Meg's toes into her mouth and sucked on them. All four hands started
on Meg's thighs and quickly moved towards her pussy. They sank their hands in
and fingerfucked her.  I've never been that horny. The events of the past hours
and the sight of four hands fingerfucking Meg sent me over the top. A few
minutes later I felt the orgasm climbing in my balls. I shot my sperm in Meg's
mouth and she swallowed it all.

It was now Meg's turn to cum. I added my hands to the mess of hands massaging
her body. Meg's mouth was now empty and she used it to moan and yell commands:
`One more finger', `Spank my ass', `Pinch my nipples', `In my ass', `Harder'.
Her orders got us even more excited. When I stuck two fingers in her ass, I
felt two fingers already fucking it. I didn't know Meg could take so many
fingers in there. When I stuck two fingers in her pussy, I felt at least four
other fingers already in there.  All the fingers were moving quickly in and
out, rubbing Megs insides. She was yelling `Harder, harder'.  This went on for
a few more minutes as Meg's orgasm mounted. As the orgasm got closer, Meg's
yelling got less clear - almost a slur. Finally, her body exploded with an
intense orgasm.  At first I thought she was crying. Then I realized she lost
control of her voice. She yelled a long haul as the orgasm hit. Her body was
shaking violently. She was moaning and mumbling for more than two minutes.
That was the strongest orgasm I have ever seen her have.

A minute or two later, the couple got out of the spa. The husband said quick
`good night' and they both left. It was past 2AM. Meg needed a few more minutes
to rest.  She laid on the island, completely naked with her legs spread wide
and her pussy swollen, not caring anymore who sees her.  When we finally got
home it was almost 2:30AM. I stayed awake for a long time, thinking about the
night's events. Meg mumbled and moaned a lot in her sleep. She woke up three
during the night for a quick fuck (that's what she called it). The fourth time
she woke my I couldn't even get an erection. There's a limit to how many times
in a row I can have sex. She insisted that I use her dildo to fuck her. `I'm
burning down there' she said.

That was the most intense sexual adventure Meg and I ever had.


