BSC02 the Adventures of Janet and Becky
A story in the Blanke Schande College Universe
by Murray Wilson
Copyright© 2016 by Murray Wilson

Chapter 1: The First Day

Before the alarm had sounded its final bleep Janet Rivers was awake – wide awake. Not only was she wide awake but her heart was pounding strongly below her young, naked breasts. She sat up immediately on her bed in the female dormitory of Blanke Schande College. She sat there quietly in the early morning light for fifteen minutes. Other girls in the dormitory were beginning to stir and make their way to the showers before beginning their day. Others slept on - not having the need to get to early lectures or other appointments.

Janet sat there - silent - as the morning light gained strength from the rays of the rising Sun. Some of those rays hit her back through the door-less entranceway and she too began to gain strength. Eventually she took a deep breath and stood up. She was going to make it. Her confidence level was rising in step with the rising sun. Her beating heart was slowing to its normal rhythm. It was going to be OK. Today was going to be the first day of something wonderful for Janet. An adventure! A whole new way of living! This was her first day as an Absolute!

In another dormitory Becky Bartell had woken up at the same time. She was also experiencing exactly the same apprehension. She was up immediately and got under the shower allowing herself the pleasure of all that warm water washing over her naked body. She felt her confidence lift as her body warmed up under the stream. She turned the water off then breathed in deeply several times as she stepped out of the shower cubicle. She always loved the feeling of not having to get dressed ... this was Blanke Schande! No female – student or staff – had to put on anything after a shower and they could stay that way ALL day – totally and wonderfully NUDE! But today Becky Bartell was going to go one step further. She was going to stay nude OFF campus as well. Today she was going to begin the life of an Absolute!

Neither Janet nor Becky ever tired of that feeling of being able to step out into their day totally naked all day and every day ... twenty four seven. It was ALWAYS just so wonderful. Every other female on campus felt the same. All female students and staff of BSC cherished their life of total female nudity on campus. They valued it very highly and what it did for their personalities and character building was nothing short of amazing not to mention the academic achievements it produced as well.

For Janet and Becky today was going to be different. Neither of them were going to put on a stitch of clothing anywhere, anytime, on or OFF campus. This was their first day as Absolutes and they were very nervous but also very excited. They were going to support each other totally in this venture and they had the total support of Danny and Peter – their BSC boyfriends.

Both girls made their way towards the same cafeteria from different directions for breakfast. The early morning sun gave their naked bodies a beautiful golden glow. Droplets of water still glistened in the light on their hair and skin. Both girls loved the feeling of the ‘air towel’ that caressed and dried them as they moved and reminded them each just how much they loved being at Blanke Schande College. Being nude all the time on campus had given them both so much more confidence in themselves and now they were going to take that to the next level by being totally unclothed OFF campus as well!

By the time both girls had reached the cafeteria they were completely dry and looked gorgeous. Janet was by far the more stunning of the two but Becky was still very attractive and the two male students they were meeting never failed to appreciate just how lovely these two naked female students were.

Janet Rivers had beautiful black hair that was always immaculately combed. It swished and swayed ever so gently down her back and was neatly trimmed off a good twelve inches below her shoulders. That wonderful head of hair was complemented by a protruding crop of equally dark pubic bristle that sat proudly between her legs as they strode along. In amongst that dark sexy bristle could be seen the cutest tongue of pink pussy lip bobbing in and out of view with each stride. Those legs also set in motion the glorious swing of Janet’s hips and her very feminine ass. Not only did those hips swing beautifully along but so did Janet’s breasts. They were just fantastic. They were still very young and tight with a nice conical shape topped off with two very puffy nipples that bounced along gloriously with the motion of her body. Janet’s naked body was swarthy skinned and crowned with the most beautiful of faces that had succulent lips to die for and piercing, emerald green eyes that flashed in all directions as she strode confidently towards her rendezvous.

Becky Bartell might not have been as good looking overall as Janet Rivers was but she was still a very pretty girl all the same. Her complexion was much fairer than Janet’s with sandy colored hair adorning her head and pubic region. That pubic region of fair hair had been manicured into a lovely heart shape that her boyfriend Peter just loved getting his nose into. Becky also had much bigger and rounder tits than Janet with two perfectly placed pink nipples right in the middle of each. Those two breasts also bounced wonderfully along in time with Becky’s gait as her own hips and ass swung in time with the intoxicating locomotion of her own very shapely legs. Along with all this was Becky’s cute little face which always had a most disarming smile across her lips. That smile was still there as Becky’s naked body moved along the footpath despite her own inner feelings of apprehension of what the day was about to bring.

The naked Janet Rivers and the naked Becky Bartell converged on their meeting point at the same time. They both sat down next to Danny and Peter who had their breakfast food all ready and waiting. The two boys wanted to give these lovely girls the best start possible to what everyone recognized as a very brave thing to do. Danny and Peter looked at each girl in turn then said in unison, “Well ... are you ready?”

Janet and Becky paused for a second while they studied the faces of these two wonderful men who had been so supportive in this whole process then said, also in unison...

“YES! We are Absolutely Ready. From today on no article of clothing shall conceal our bodies from your view or the view of anyone else either on or OFF the Campus. From today onwards we are ABSOLUTES!”

They all sat still just staring at each other. Peter was in love with Becky. Becky was in love with Peter. Danny was madly in love with Janet and Janet was madly in love with Danny. Each couple then leaned across the small café table and kissed.

“I love you very much” said Peter

“I love you very much, too” said Becky.

Janet and Danny didn’t say anything. They just held their kiss a bit longer. Janet’s breasts gave a big satisfied heave in sympathy with her sigh as the two sets of lips parted.

All four then ate their breakfast of fresh fruit, yogurt and cereal. The new day was about to begin and they needed to be out there and in it.


Chapter 2: The Bus Trip

Apart from being nude in their own homes neither girl had ever been naked in a public place before (apart from Blanke Schande College, of course). Because of this fact the President of BSC, Eleanor Grimes Ferguson, had taken the time to talk to Janet and Becky on many occasions to make sure they were ready for this.

“You can’t just ‘slide’ into the life of an Absolute” she told them. “You just have to decide, then do it! You are either TOTALLY naked in public or you are NOT!”

It would be Eleanor’s call to decide if a girl was ready to take this step. If she thought these girls weren’t ready to do this for any reason at all then they wouldn’t be allowed to proceed. In Janet and Becky’s case the President of BSC was more than satisfied that they could cope. She knew that part of that coping process was good support and she knew these two girls had excellent support in the form of Danny and Peter and their many friends.

Even though you might not be able to ‘slide’ into the life of an Absolute you could still set a plan that made it a whole lot easier to adjust. The first step of that plan, as set by Eleanor Ferguson, for these two girls was to catch a local bus from BSC to the nearby township of Cedarcrest. The townsfolk there were very sympathetic to BSC. As a result they were always getting visits from naked female students venturing out as Absolutes for the first time. Cedarcrest had some lovely shops, cafes, restaurants and even a well patronized mall with a huge array of emporiums and craft shops. Even though a girl might not need to buy clothes anymore it was still amazing as to just what they could spend their money on.

A naked Becky and Janet stood at the Main Entrance to BSC with Peter and Danny. Peter and Danny weren’t going with the girls to Cedarcrest. Eleanor had insisted the girls go by themselves to see how they felt. It would be a good test to see if they really wanted to live the life of an Absolute. If they backed out at this stage no one would really know and there would be no loss of face or embarrassment for anyone. The girls were convinced that this wasn’t going to happen. All the same the BSC President insisted they go by themselves just to see how they felt and if they could really and truly cope on their own.

The girls were ready to go. They were each allowed to take a small shoulder bag that could hold a purse, a bit of makeup, some tissues, a cellphone and not much more. At no time were theses bags allowed to cover their breasts or hide their genitalia from public view. They were each told that being an Absolute was an honor and would reflect badly on BSC if girls did not follow the code to the letter.

Reports had sometimes come back of BSC girls acting in this unseemly manner ... hiding parts of their body from view. They were spoken to very severely then given another chance. Most never ‘forgot’ again. One or two left BSC as a result and only one had ever been expelled - so far ... the emphasis being on ‘so far’. So here they stood at the Main Entrance to BSC with their little bags and ready to face the world - IN THE NUDE!

Danny and Peter stood and waved as the girls set off down the road to the Bus Stop. As they set off Janet turned to Becky and said, “Wow! Are we really doing this?”

“Yes we are and don’t you feel just so proud!” Becky’s chest was out with her lovely, round tits sailing forth in front of her in all their glory.

They got to the Bus Stop but had to wait fifteen minutes for the next ride. Janet had hardly said a word but finally looked at Becky and said quietly, “Actually, are you feeling what I am feeling?” She then looked down at Becky’s blonde and cutely manicured pussy fur. Becky noticed the look and looked down at Janet’s very dark but also nicely trimmed pussy fur. There was always that little tongue of pink pussy lip poking out from Janet’s patch. Becky always thought that it looked just so sweet. Both girls looked up from each others vagina and into each others eyes.

Being outside the confines of Blanke Schande College but still in the nude for the first time had produced an unexpected result for both girls. Janet was starting to feel very wet between her legs and so was Becky. The day was still young and neither girl was sure what they were going to do about this. Was it going to subside as they got used to what they were doing or was it going to get worse?

Becky looked down at her own patch then gave it a good rub with her hand and said in a low growly voice, “Down Girl, down!”

Janet laughed. She did the same thing. She gave her dark pussy a real hard rub with her right hand and said, “Come on Girl, settle down now!”

This eased the sexual tension in their loins a little bit but not by much and they were still quite wet when the bus pulled up.

The ride to Cedarcrest was very uneventful. They were the only passengers and the bus driver was a fifty year old lady who seemed totally disinterested in these two naked girls. She had seen it many times before on this route and her only focus right now was driving. What both Becky and Janet did enjoy about the ride was the way their breasts jiggled around with every bump in the road. Normally they would be wearing a bra. Not this time. The jiggling around was also starting to arouse them again. They both laughed at the large wet patch they would be leaving on the seat when they got off. They were also constantly rubbing their pussies and telling their sex organs to calm down. It was becoming a bit of a running joke between them.

To be honest they both felt like a couple of naughty, giggling school girls away from their parents for the first time. This freedom of being nude in public was very exciting even though they hadn’t truly been ‘out in public’ yet.

After a twenty minute ride they stepped off the bus still giggling and still feeling highly aroused between their legs. For the first time now they were really and TRULY out in public and totally naked!


Chapter 3: Cake Crumbs and Pubic Hair

Throngs of people, all fully clothed, were everywhere. Until recently, Becky and Janet had lived this way themselves but now it all felt strange and foreign to them. They both gulped and each took in a deep breath. Could they pass this First Test!?

A car whizzed by and a young, good looking gentleman tooted his car horn in appreciation of what he was seeing. Other passers-by nodded or smiled at the naked girls but no one seemed to mind. They had taken their first steps into the life of an Absolute and it was going well. They were in a town full of normal people all going about their normal business and they were in amongst it all and TOTALLY NUDE - the only two naked females for miles around.

As they started to walk along the street they felt a new exhilaration take hold of them. It was a very heady mix knowing that everyone and anyone here could see their nudity. The President of the United States could drive by and he would be able to admire their bouncing tits, their swinging asses and a full frontal view of their very neatly trimmed pussy patches ... a blonde one and a very dark brunette one.

The two girls felt like they were really getting into the spirit of being an Absolute and it was having the same effect on their state of arousal as the bus trip had. Becky and Janet’s vaginal blood flow had increased along with the increased secretion of vaginal fluids. They both were getting very wet and extremely turned on. Janet seemed to be feeling it more than Becky. The fire growing in her loins was making here lose concentration. Twice Becky had to grab Janet’s arm and pull her back from on-coming traffic.

Eventually Becky took Janet’s hand and led her into a nice quiet coffee shop. They went right to the back just to get away from the traffic noise so they could think and talk. Soon a young and very pretty waitress came up to take their order. As she turned away to get the girls’ food she said, “Boy! I wish I was as brave as you girls. You must be from Blanke Schande. I’m going to enroll there one day just so I can be like you!”

The girls drank their coffee with a sandwich and a piece of cake. They faced out towards the road and sat with their legs wide apart. Anyone coming in would be able to see right up under the table and right up between their legs. Everything had to be on display for everyone’s viewing pleasure. This was standard BSC policy either on campus as a normal student or off campus in the case of Absolutes. For Janet, doing this at BSC was one thing but doing it here in full public view was another. It felt totally awesome. She was just so turned on. Her body was starting to scream out for some Stress Relief. Becky was feeling much the same but to a slightly lesser degree.

Several people came and went from the shop. When the male customers realized what they were looking at a big grin would spread across their face. They would look more intently then smile at the girls and blow them a friendly kiss. Janet and Becky would then swing their tits a bit at the boys just to give them a bit more pleasure and the boys loved it ... young and old alike.

After a while things in the shop quietened down. The lunch rush was over and Becky was starting to push together their used plates when a few bread crumbs and bits of cake fell from the table right down between Janet’s legs. Becky apologized and reached down to retrieve the offending crumbs. It wasn’t difficult since Janet’s legs were sitting wide apart. As Becky was picking those bits and pieces up her fingers brushed gently against Janet’s dark pubic hair as well as her still highly aroused pussy lips. This caused Janet to give an immediate groan of pleasure. She grabbed Becky’s hand and held it tightly against her labia majora and her dripping wet labia minora!

“Don’t you dare take those fingers away!” she murmured. Janet then swung her right arm across her body and started playing with Becky’s right nipple.

“You need some Stress Relief as much as I do, don’t you? And I’m not moving from this spot until you give me some! Now get going Becky Bartell! Forget about about those goddam cake crumbs and get those fingers of yours right in there between my legs. Then I will see what I can do for you in return ... you sexy little bitch!”

Becky Bartell didn’t hesitate for a moment and promptly forgot all about those wayward cake crumbs. She knew exactly how Janet was feeling and decided this would be an exciting way to help her out. Becky was going to finger fuck the gorgeous, naked Janet Rivers, in a coffee shop, in the middle of Cedarcrest and miles from the safety of BSC. Her fingers went to work immediately and she really did know how to use them.


Chapter 4: Passing the First Test

With those cake and bread crumbs still swimming around Janet’s legs her pussy lips were getting worked over wonderfully by Becky’s fingers. Her clitoris was getting beautifully massaged as well and Becky’s fingers were also sliding in and out of Janet’s very wet vagina as Janet’s legs spread themselves wide apart. Janet just quietly closed her eyes as she leaned right back into her chair and enjoyed every second of this lovely moment.

It wasn’t long before Janet was experiencing wave after wave of rhythmic muscle contractions in her pelvic region. Her back was arched and she was biting down hard on her bottom lip and she just couldn’t seem to spread her legs wide enough apart for Becky’s ministrations.

Becky continued to caress, tickle and massage Janet’s labia minora, clitoris, and vaginal opening. She looked straight ahead as if nothing was going on but she too was just so highly aroused with her own sex juices running down her leg and all over the seat just like on that bus.

As for Janet ... the pleasure she was feeling was incredible. Her breasts became pointier and harder than ever as the orgasm took hold of her whole body. The feeling of Becky’s hand in and around her womanhood was fantastic.

“I wonder if she is this good with Peter’s cock!” Janet thought. “Lucky boy if she is!” she mused.

As Janet began to ‘cum’ down from her mountain top of pleasure she jumped up and grabbed Becky’s hand. She then dragged her down the corridor to the unisex bathroom by the backdoor. It wasn’t for the sake of modesty but she honestly did not want to ruin the patronage of this excellent establishment. They had been so friendly to her and Becky and she did not want to spoil that.

When they were in the bathroom Becky found herself thrust up against the wall of one of the cubicles. Janet began to lick and suck Becky’s two beautifully round breasts. Her tongue was flicking one of Becky’s pink nipples when she stopped and dropped to her knees plunging her face deep into Becky’s very wet pussy mound. Janet could feel Becky’s blonde pubic bristles press into her nose as she used her nose to find Becky’s clitoris and massage it for all it was worth. She then started using her tongue to swing in and around Becky’s inner and outer pussy lips. She ran it up and down Becky’s lovely, soft pink slit, tasting all those juices as she went. Janet then started sucking the clitoris, dragging it into her mouth and flicking it with her tongue – over and over again.

Becky was in heaven ... hundreds of miles above the earth. Her head was spinning as the orgasm began to race through her body. She couldn’t believe what Janet was doing to her. They had been very good friends for years now but never on this level. This girl between her legs was amazing. Danny was a very, very lucky man if his penis got this sort of treatment from Janet! She didn’t know it but he did ... quite regularly. Janet just loved to try out all sorts of things on him for his Stress Relief and he loved it all, of course!

Becky was looking down and clutching at Janet’s lovely black hair as the last wave of pleasure ebbed from her body. Janet was giving Becky’s blonde pussy a few final licks and kisses when there came a gentle knock at the door of the stall. A high, sweet voice floated over the cubicle wall.

“Hi there. I am sorry to bother you but I am Jennifer Belmont, your waitress. I have something here you might need.”

With that Janet stood up and looked at Becky. Becky looked at Janet then she slowly opened the door. Jennifer was standing there with a pile of moistened, warm towels for the two girls to freshen themselves up with. She had been quietly observing the whole episode and had loved every minute of it. It was just so beautiful she told them. She was having her break and had used the opportunity to quickly prepare the towels. She gave the girls a big smile and told them she was determined more than ever now to apply for enrollment at Blanke Schande College. Jennifer then returned to her work leaving the girls to get cleaned up.

The effect of this whole episode on this young waitress had been profound. Neither Janet nor Becky had the slightest idea as to just how far reaching that effect would be for Jennifer Belmont. In fact the effect would one day impact on the whole township of Cedarcrest but that is another story completely.

When they took the towels the two girls found on top two VIP cards from the proprietor. Evidently their ‘vulva display’ earlier had seen an increase in trade over that period by at least fifty percent. The two VIP cards gave both girls a complimentary hot drink and a sandwich for the next five years any time they came into the shop but they had to be ... TOTALLY NUDE ... of course!

“No problem at all!” they both thought.

As they left the cafeteria they said goodbye and good luck to Jennifer and gave the proprietor two big sloppy kisses on his cheek. The girls also couldn’t help but notice him admiring their lovely tits so in a playful mood they placed his left hand in some baking flour then let him put his hand-print on each of their breasts. They marched out of the store - heads held high - with two large, white hand marks right across their chests. Janet and Becky then explored the rest of the town that way until it was time to go home and the flour marks had all but disappeared in the breeze.

What they didn’t know when they left the coffee shop was that they had left behind a very aroused, and very wet, waitress. Jennifer’s boyfriend was coming by later to pick her up after work and, oh my, was he in for a surprise, a very, very pleasant surprise indeed. Jennifer was going to bury his hand and his face and his cock into her blonde pussy ALL NIGHT LONG!

That was a story to be repeated all around town as these two gorgeous, naked girls with the white hand-prints moved about the streets of Cedarcrest. There was going to be many a happy man with a very happy cock that night. Equally that night there was also going to be many happy women with very satisfied pussies and very well massaged tits ... ALL NIGHT AND ALL ACROSS TOWN!

No wonder Cedarcrest was very sympathetic to Blanke Schande College. Nude Female Students coming to town were always good for business in so many ways and the town loved and appreciated them all the more for it.

For Janet and Becky it had proven to be a wonderful introduction to the life of an Absolute. They had past their First Test and probably the easiest one. The real test, however, was yet to come. They had to make a trip home for the weekend...

un-announced...

and of course...

TOTALLY NAKED!!!


Chapter 5: Smelly Socks and Underwear

Janet and Becky were thrilled by the success of their first day as Absolutes. Being totally nude outside the Blanke Schande campus had proved to be so different to what they had expected. Eleanor Ferguson assured them that every girl’s story was different but similar. Ninety nine percent of them came back, just like them, positively beaming after their first foray into living the life of an Absolute.

The President of BSC then gave Janet and Becky leave to explore the counties around them as they saw fit and this time Danny and Peter could go with them. Each evening they would have to report back to her on their naked escapades for that day. Eleanor Ferguson also knew that the weekend was coming up. This would be the girl’s Final Test for becoming an Absolute and she needed to be totally satisfied that as the next three days progressed that the two girls were really up to it.

Being totally nude in front of their home town friends and family was going to add a whole new aspect to being an Absolute that being nude in front of mostly strangers could not. Again, if she thought that neither Janet nor Becky were up to it, then the exercise would stop. They would be allowed to proceed at a later date when she was satisfied the girls were ready. If all went well over the weekend with the girls going home in the nude and staying that way then next week they would be able to ‘really’ call themselves Absolutes. They would be able to go where they pleased and when they pleased ... all over the whole country if they liked ... night or day ... Absolutely Naked.

Janet, Becky, Danny and Peter had a wonderful time exploring outside the perimeter of BSC. In fact most places they went to nobody seemed to mind at all that the two girls were in the nude. A few places were not so welcoming but mostly they got lots of encouragement and friendly nods and smiles. Most people they met seemed to be genuinely pleased that two very pretty girls could wander around freely without a stitch of clothing on and feel completely safe. Hardly anyone hassled them and many seemed only too pleased to talk to this small group of four despite the fact that they had two pairs of lovely breasts staring straight back at them.

Becky was thinking that maybe America was changing after all. Blanke Schande College had been around for several decades now and the last decade had been with its ALL NUDE FEMALE policy in full swing. Over that time there would have been quite a few Absolutes venture out into the world from BSC. A few of them had even stayed as Absolutes after their studies finished. They had refused to ever put on clothes again. A good many got taken to court over it but they all invariably won the case. Becky wanted to take Female Nudity to the political level one day and get all laws prohibiting Female Nudity struck out. America was about Freedom and it was Freedom she was going to fight for. Freedom to be Nude whenever and where ever she liked.

“Wow! What if I not only became the first Female President but I became the first ALL NUDE Female President” she was telling Peter. “Can you imagine millions of viewers staring at my Box on their Box” she laughed. “I could finish my inaugural speech with one giant wiggle of my tits!” The two were rolling around the floor in laughter at the thought of this. It sounded just so crazy.

“But ... you just never know!” Becky mused. “Then I would turn my attention to you guys. We really need to liberate you from smelly socks and underwear.” She gave Peter a tickle around his waist then collapsed into his arms as he threw off his ‘smelly socks and underwear’ and began making love to her.

Peter loved his beautiful, nude girlfriend and she loved him. They had been at Blanke Schande for nearly two years now and had grown so much closer together. This place really was amazing. It produced quite an array of very stable relationships with most ending (or starting) in very stable marriages. These two were not going to be an exception and had already planned to marry the following year.

The nude Becky had just felt the rush of the nude Peter’s cock explode inside of her. She just loved his cock. It wasn’t as thick or as long as Danny’s ... she knew that by experience from Danny’s first visit to BSC twelve months ago ... but it did have an extra large knob on the end. It seemed to be able to make her feel all sorts of wonderful things as it slid back and forth inside her vagina. It just had a lovely tickly feel to it and made her laugh out loud when Peter was releasing his full load into her very lovely body.

Becky was laughing out loud now, just as Peter was climaxing. She was enjoying every hot spurt of semen when there came a knock at the door. Peter and Becky had just that day been given the keys to one of the many ‘couples bungalows’ situated just outside the Campus. They wanted to ‘christen it’ ... which was their code word for having sex on the floor!

When Becky heard that knock she called out without hesitation, “Commmme innnnn!”


Chapter 6: Are You Ready

As soon as Becky had called out her invitation to come in the door opened and in walked Janet and Danny. This happened just as Becky was pulling herself off Peter’s tickly knob. Janet had never really seen Peter’s ‘Tickly Knob’ before but she had heard all about it from Becky. Danny, of course, had seen Becky’s sexy vagina on many occasions but until now never with a full sized penis buried in it.

For the briefest of moments Danny wished he could feel his cock inside her beautiful body and his hands on these beautiful round breasts. He had known Becky Bartell all his life and had always loved the beautiful swing of her ass and the way her tits could fill a t-shirt. That was back in Aurora Hills and when she used to wear clothes. That admiration was still there, if not strengthened by the fact that she was naked all the time. Danny was still very much in love with Janet Rivers but Becky Bartell had always been so much fun. Every now and then he wished he could have just a little bit of ‘extra’ fun with her.

Janet had seen Peter’s rather large knob pull out of Becky’s body and found herself briefly wanting to know just how ‘tickly’ that thing could be. She reckoned, in those few seconds, that she could make that cock sing if her hands and mouth got anywhere near it. That was not to mention that thing between her legs that gave a twitch in sympathy with her thoughts. Involuntarily Janet put her hand up to her crotch then pulled it away. There was no time for that sort of thing now!

Peter got up allowing his cock to swing and dangle freely under him. Janet noticed this but kept her current train of thought to herself but did bite her lip slightly. She watched him disappear into the shower while Becky stayed nude but gave herself a quick rub over with a towel that was handy. She would have a shower later on in one of the BSC cubicles as per the regulations.

While Becky was rubbing herself down Danny was following, with his eyes, the towel as it pushed and distorted her round breasts. He continued to follow that towel as it rubbed between her legs. He could see it pushing and distorting her inner lips and clitoris. When Becky had finished Danny was still thinking how one day he REALLY would like to have a bit of ‘extra’ fun with her. He had no desire to marry her or steal her away from Peter. No, he just wanted to know what a bit of ‘extra fun’ with the lovely Rebecca Bartell would really be like.

Janet was also lost deep in thought for a moment. The only man she wanted was right next to her and she loved every inch of him – particularly his B S C – Big Stiff Cock. However, she would still love to know just what Peter’s ‘tickly’ knob would feel like under her command.

Even Becky for a brief moment found herself thinking about Danny’s penis. One day she would just love to let him have his way with her. She had seen Danny grow from a boy to a man. He had also developed a great ‘six-pack’ under that shirt from his Grid-Iron training. Janet was a lucky girl, she thought, to have those abs and that large cock all to herself. Becky didn’t want to steal Danny away from Janet Rivers. She just wanted to show him some of her appreciation for the way he had been such a good friend to her, and Peter, over all these years.

While Janet, Danny and Becky were juggling these various thoughts in their minds Peter came back in. He was dressed and ready to go. All four were going out for dinner to one of the nicest restaurants on campus. Tomorrow was Friday and no expense was going to be spared by the boys on these two beautiful naked girls as they faced the FINAL TEST for becoming Absolutes ... girls that could go anywhere and everywhere in the Nude ... Absolutely 100%.

Tomorrow they were all driving back to Aurora Hills ... unannounced and with Janet Rivers and Becky Bartell totally naked for all their friends and family – in fact the whole town – to see!

Danny went out through the front door while Peter turned and said to the two girls, “Well, are you ready?”

Both girls knew exactly what he meant and both, in unison, said “YES, WE ARE! ABSOLUTELY!”

They made Peter laugh when they both bounced their tits at him. He waited for them to leave the bungalow then closed the door behind him letting the latch click quietly into place as they headed off into the night.


Chapter 7: Naughty Day Dreams

If the quartet that left the carpark of Blanke Schande College that Friday morning thought they were going to have a quiet weekend at home they were mistaken. If they thought they were going to take it easy while their friends and family adjusted to Janet and Becky’s new nude way of life they were mistaken again. If they thought the townsfolk of Aurora Hills were going to let two gorgeous, nude girls wander around their streets alone and undisturbed without affecting the town then again they were badly mistaken.

When Danny, Peter, Janet and Becky set off that morning they had no idea that word had already reached Aurora Hills about their visit and the REASON for the visit. As the four headed out along the freeway things were unfolding in the quiet town of Aurora Hills that they would never have suspected or dreamed about.

The day started off as a fairly straight forward drive in Danny’s red Mustang. The car was still performing really well as he stopped to fill the gas tank right to the top and get some snack food. The gas station attendants got quite excited when they saw two lovely girls with all their womanly charms on full display step out of the car and into the shop. They all kept looking around for the ‘hidden cameras’. They were convinced they were on some kookie kind of TV show. One guy stood between Becky and Janet and got his gangly buddy to take a few snapshots with his i-phone.

“Wait till the guys at the club see this!” he whined. The photos never actually made it to the club. They got enlarged and stuck up on the wall over his bed in his lonely little one bedroom apartment. Somehow jerking off to two REAL nude models that he had actually stood between was much more exciting than jerking off to magazine pictures.

The quartet made one more stop when just one hour out of Aurora Hills. They were all a bit hot and bothered and needed some fresh air and a stretch. This would put them in a better state of mind before introducing the Miss Nude Janet Rivers and the Miss Nude Rebecca Bartell to the town. They found a grassy field by a stream with a shady tree to park under. Danny spread a picnic rug under the tree for the girls to lie on while he went for a walk with Peter along the water’s edge.

The girls rested under the tree with their knees up and their legs wide apart allowing the breeze to do its work over their bodies and between their legs. It was very, very refreshing.

The girls were still in this state when the boys returned from their walk. Both Becky and Janet looked so innocent and vulnerable with their eyes closed and their nude bodies on full display.

Danny once again found himself looking at Becky. He really would like to have a bit of ‘extra fun’ with her one day ... just once. He allowed his eyes to trace the full curve of her round breasts with those pretty pink nipples - perfectly centered. His eyes traveled up to her knees, down to her toes then straight back up to her soft, blonde, pussy fur. A gentle line of soft pink had opened up between her pussy lips and he could see the glisten of perspiration in the folds between her inner and outer lips.

Once again he was remembering all the years that they had played together in hers, Peter’s and his backyards. He remembered noticing how she had started to fill out in the bust and hips. Danny also remembered how he would sometimes wonder just what it would feel like to touch those nice round breasts or hold those hips in his hands. He didn’t think he had ever been in love with Becky – certainly not in the same way he had fallen in love with Janet but she was very attractive and this was a fact that was not lost on Danny.

He was looking at Becky with great admiration right now and wishing he good give that damp and wide open pussy just one long lick. Oh heck! Who was he kidding? Danny was fully aware of the fact that he just wanted to fuck the lovely Rebecca with his huge cock – that same cock that the lovely Rebecca Bartell had once jerked off for him in the carpark back at BSC.

While Danny was busy with his own thoughts about Becky he hadn’t noticed how Peter was deep in thought also and concentrating hard on Janet’s naked frame.

Janet was just drop dead gorgeous in every way. She had beautiful long black hair and piercing green eyes, plus lips and a body that were truly heavenly. Peter was admiring Janet’s dark pussy fur sprouting from her mons pubis right down to her perineum and her anus. Janet’s pussy lips, like Becky’s, had also opened right up to reveal a wonderful line of deep pink flesh - starting at her clitoris and running down into her vaginal opening.

Peter found himself wanting to draw his ‘tickly knob’ through that lovely dark bush and slide it down that pink tract of flesh then plunge it deep into Janet’s body. He would also love to get his mouth over one of those incredible tits with their puffy nipples. He wanted to work them all over with his tongue then run his tongue all around her pussy fur and pussy lips before screwing her to bits.

Peter knew that he didn’t want to marry Janet Rivers or have a relationship with her like he had with Becky. No, he just wanted to screw her over just once, and just for fun. He wanted to show her how much he appreciated her friendship and what an awesome girlfriend she was for his best friend Danny.

At this point of time both Janet and Becky woke up and looked at these two guys lost in thought and staring at the girls’ vaginas. It was like a very casual and totally random Presenting session.

“What are you two guys thinking about?” asked Becky.

Danny and Peter snapped back into the real world instantly.

Danny mumbled, “Ummm ... errrr ... nothing really. I wasn’t thinking of anything.” Peter mumbled the same response. Neither of them was going to admit to having naughty day dreams about the other guy’s girl.

Becky had also been having a naughty dream ... about Danny ... again! But of course nobody knew and nobody was going to find out ... not just yet at least!

Janet was also just as guilty too. She had been quietly running her tongue around Peter’s tickly knob in her own mind just before the boys returned from their walk.

So it was that in this slightly confused, but unspoken, state of mind all four piled back into the Mustang and set off on the final leg of their journey into Aurora Hills.
