This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 27 (mF, 1st, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

They say that when you're dying, your life flashes before your eyes...

Seventeen years ago...

John woke up. The inside of his underwear was wet and cold. He had another wet dream! "Ugh..." The 15-year-old boy looked over at his roommate, who appeared to still be asleep in his own bed across the small room. John quickly grabbed some tissues to clean up, and then swapped his undies for a fresh pair. The soiled ones he tossed into their shared laundry. After washing up, he headed to the orphanage's dining hall for breakfast.

When he got back, one of the sisters was in his room, standing over the laundry basket. "Sister?" She turned, and saw it was Sister Allison, one of the new novitiates, and she had his underwear in her hand, spread open to reveal his glistening shame. "Um, Sister Allison, I can explain..."

"Close the door, Johnny," she commanded him, and he did so reflexively; living with nuns your entire life will do that. "Come over here." She directed him to sit on his bed, and she towered over him.

John realized that he was alone in his room with an attractive woman. As a novitiate, Sister Allison didn't wear those penguin robes like the old school nuns did, so he could make out a hint of her hourglass figure through her dark blue button-up dress. Despite not wearing makeup, the twenty-year-old was very pretty and he had a crush on her, with her blonde hair clipped up under her coif. She did seem to be acting strange, though.

She held out the spooged undies for his inspection. "God says that you should not spill your seed, Johnny. He slew Onan for that!"

"It happened while I was asleep, Sister Allison...it's not my fault. Um, Sister Allison?"

The woman had brought the underwear close to her face and seemed to be breathing heavily while examining its contents. John saw that her legs were moving back and forth under her skirt, like they were rubbing against each other. Watching the almost rapturous look on her face, as if she beheld the visage of Jesus himself in the pearlescent mess in his shorts, John felt conflicting feelings as his cock started to fill with blood.

"A man's seed...needs to go...inside a woman," Sister Allison murmured, and pressed the underwear to her face.

As Sister Allison slurped up his cold cum, she began to moan in orgasm. John felt his cock fill up to its maximum 5" size.

The sister, shaking and unsteady on her feet, threw the undergarment, now cleaned of his semen, back into the laundry basket. "Now, Johnny..." She looked down at the boy's obvious erection poking out the front of his slacks. "Oh no! Did...did I do that?"

John looked at her uncertainly. What was going on, he wondered?

"If...if I leave now, you will spill more seed, and it will be my fault! I...I have to help you..." Sister Allison knelt down and pulled at John's pants. He, not knowing what to do, lifted his butt up to assist her, and his underwear came along for the ride. "Oh! I will take this seed into my mouth as well...ohm!"

And then John's cock was inside the sister's warm mouth, and she was sucking. It felt incredible! He had occasionally woken up during a wet dream, and that had been pleasurable, but he had no idea that his penis could feel so good!

But Sister Allison had never given a blowjob before, and so didn't quite know what to do. She moved her mouth up and down, which caused her to choke when his cock hit the back of her throat, but that and the sucking didn't seem to be doing the trick. Then she knew what she had to do. She stood back up, reached up under her dress, and pulled down her underwear. "Lay back," she commanded the boy, and he did so as she climbed astride him.

I am breaking my vows to stop a mortal sin, Sister Allison told herself as she reached under her dress and directed John's hard cock to her very wet vaginal lips. She pressed the head between them and it popped inside. "Oh!" She paused a moment to get used to the unusual pressure within her, and then pushed down some more. "Owh..."

Half of John's cock was now inside Sister Allison's extremely hot and wet pussy. He couldn't believe how good it felt...even better than her mouth! Then she moaned and pushed down again, taking 3/4 of his cock inside her no longer virginal passage.

A bell started to ring in the distance. "Oh! We must be quick, Johnny. Please give me your seed!" She pulled off of his cock a bit and then pushed back down. This time she took all of his 5 inches inside her. She felt so full!

John had cum already that morning, or he probably would have blown his load already. However, he could feel that his cock was ramping up to something big as Sister Allison began to ride him. He reached down and lifted her dress. His eyes widened as he saw his hard penis spearing into her blonde muff.

She grabbed his hands. "No! You mustn't look at that...ohh..." But she didn't stop riding him.

"But it'll help me to finish, Sister Allison."

"I...ohh...go ahead...unh..."

She let go and he pulled her dress up once more, noting the glistening slickness on his shaft as she pulled up before taking him all the way inside her again.

"Johnny...please...your seed..." she moaned, moving upon him faster.

All of a sudden he felt a pleasure rising within his loins, as if his bladder was incredibly full and he needed to pee, but somehow different...thicker? Definitely better! "I'm...I'm gonna..."

"Yes...yes..." Sister Allison moaned, ramming her hips down upon him.

"OhhHHHH!" John groaned as he felt the pleasurable pressure rush up his cock and burst inside the fertile woman.

Sister Allison's eyes went wide as she felt her formerly virginal insides inundated by the boy's dangerous sperm. His hot cum splashed her cervix, and her pheromone-addled body exploded in orgasmic pleasure. "Uaahh! Unhhh! Oh, Johnny! It's in me! In meee!" Then she reared up, her mouth agape, as her overwhelmed mind shut down and then she collapsed on top of the boy.

John shot his last two spurts of cum inside the unconscious woman as she lay upon him, and her body shuddered in orgasm even so. "Um, Sister Allison?" He gave her a shake, but she gave no response.

Finally, he rolled to the side and his cock popped free. He looked at the senseless novitiate's engorged pussy lips and saw a drop of his semen starting to ooze out. Oh no, he thought, and rushed to his tissue box. He extracted one, balled it up, and pressed it to her pussy, keeping his seed from spilling out. He realized he couldn't just keep holding it there, and so grabbed her underwear from the floor. It was awkward, but he managed to slip the undies back up her shapely legs so that they would keep the tissue in place against her vaginal lips. Then he pulled her dress back down.

"Ohh..." she moaned, coming back to consciousness. "Johnny?"

"Call me John," he told her. He was a man now, and Johnny was a boy's name.

"Oh! Momma, look!" a young woman's voice said from far away.

John lifted his head. His room in the orphanage seemed dark and indistinct. Sister Allison was gone. "Hello?" he called out to the shadows.

"Is he dead?" he heard an older woman's voice ask from far away. "He looks familiar...oh, he's been shot in the gut!"

"Momma, he smells nice...can we keep him?"

Then John was back in his room in the orphanage, alone and confused.

---

The next day, when the women were forced into JJ's room once more, Margeau seemed confused and standoffish toward him. None of the other women seemed interested, either, though JJ's mother Maureen was doing her best to continue breathing through her mouth.

"The rest of you, move closer to JJ," Carmen directed them through the speaker. They did so, though Joanne still looked like a scared rabbit, her eyes darting everywhere.

"What the hell?" Carmen griped after turning the microphone off.

Jean stood there, thinking. "Well, we have one more woman we can send in."

Carmen turned to him. "Renette? You think she'll want to chance going sex crazy on him?"

"No, Renette will have no interest," Jean explained. "I'm sure you have noticed her eyes upon you."

Carmen flushed. "Right...so who...? Ah, shit."

Jean had pulled out a gun. She raised her hands and sighed.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)