In the middle of the evening, when the guards usually chose their pick of monster ass and the rest of the monsters settled cautiously into their low cots, Victor and Karl came for Sam. They pulled him up off the cot, and panic made Sam twist involuntarily in their arms. Karl jerked his arms higher up behind his back until he stopped squirming, and Victor pushed the hair off his face. It was long again.

"Director Campbell wants to see you," he said. "Better make sure he can look at that pretty face of yours. Come on. Don't make us leave bruises where he'll see them."

The two guards slid a leash through his collar—which doubled his heart rate and made it almost impossible not to tense against their hands—but he didn't have even the freedom to walk behind them with the collar. They practically carried him to Administration. 

Administration was the building where they kept the special library on all supernatural beings, and also where reals, including important visitors, gathered to discuss the progress FREACS was making on neutralizing the supernatural threat. He’d been there before when he researched with the books or on the computers with other younger monsters, but Karl and Victor carried him straight past anything familiar and through the heavy iron doors that monsters were usually forbidden to enter.

They pulled him through beautifully carpeted hallways, a couple of rooms so elegant and clean that Sam felt he was dirtying them just with his shoes dragging along the floor, and, eventually, two huge doors. The plaque next to the doors read Director Jonah Campbell.

Director Campbell looked up from paperwork on his desk when they came in. Karl dumped Sam to the floor, and he hit his knees hard. 

"That is 88UI6703?" the Director asked, getting up. The room had a huge desk at the head, but also a dark wooden conference table stretching down one edge of the room and a bookshelf against the opposite. "Well, don't just stand there and stare, get him on his feet."

Karl reached down again and pulled Sam up by his hair.

The Director moved forward. He was a lean but fit older man with gray eyes in a cold, thoughtful face. He reached out and cupped Sam's chin in his hand. Sam cringed, but Karl’s grip on his arms tightened enough to leave bruises, and he forced himself to still. 

"I've heard interesting things about you, 88UI," the Director said. He glanced at Victor, who was shifting uneasily behind Karl, club in hand. "What do the guards call him?"

Victor hesitated for a moment. Sam noticed through his own panic that Victor too was nervous. "Pretty Freak, sir," he said. "Because he's—"

"An attractive young monster amid a crowd of skin-sloughers and muzzled vamps," the Director said. "Yes, I understand, Mr. Todd. I've always said that the guards lacked creativity."

Karl glared, the livid burn-scar across his cheek flushing at the insults, but Victor kept his eyes just to the right of the Director’s eyes, the way Sam looked at guards.

“Is he intelligent?” the Director asked Victor, ignoring Karl’s glare.

Victor hesitated. “I’m not...positive what you mean, sir.”

Sam kept his eyes on the floor. Victor sounded cautious, wary, and he was always the smartest of the guards. Sam had already been afraid of the Director on principle—he was in charge of FREACS and the ASC, and a word from him could destroy any monster or guard in the facility—but now he knew that he had another very good reason to be.

“I realize we pay you to keep the vermin under control and not to think, but do I really need to rephrase the question, Mr. Todd?”

Victor straightened. “No, sir. He seems...bright enough.” The guard clearly struggled to find words to explain himself and was coming up short. “Takes direction well.”

“Obedient, good. You see, Mr. Todd, Mr. Horwitz, I have a theory that the only monster that shouldn’t be slit open on a rack is an obedient monster. Intelligence in freaks is only useful as far as it can be shaped and wielded by a human. Otherwise it is nothing but guile that serves to make the freak more dangerous. Would you agree?”

Sam risked a glance toward Victor while the Director was talking. The guard had a pinched, sour look on his face, like he knew he was being dressed down to give someone else a lesson and didn’t like it at all.

The Director slapped Sam, lightly, and Sam’s head snapped up.

The man’s smile looked almost kind, but there was steel and venom in his eyes. “You do not look at other human beings while I am talking to them. That is disrespect and will not be tolerated. Do you understand, 88UI?”

“Yes, sir,” Sam said, dropping his eyes.

The Director reached out and cupped Sam’s chin, forcing his head back up. He stared into Sam's eyes—he had to look up slightly, Sam was already horribly tall, and the Director was not a particularly tall man—for a long minute, and then he came to a decision. "You can leave us, gentlemen. Just hand that leash to me. Thank you. You may wait in the hall. Naturally, if it sounds like I'm being slaughtered or anything along those lines, feel free to come to my rescue." The Director's mouth quirked, and he gave a sharp tug on Sam's leash just as Victor and Karl let him go.

Sam unbalanced, barely catching himself in time.

"Good reflexes," the Director said, and then pulled him to the conference table. There were rings set into the edges at even intervals, between the chairs. A monster chained to that table would be close, but not necessarily in the way of a diner. The Director wrapped the leash several times through a ring so that Sam was wedged tight to the high back of one of the graceful wooden chairs. He would have had more room if he moved between two of the chairs, but the Director jerked the leash sideways to make sure that Sam was behind a chair, and then padlocked the leash in place. The Director caught his gaze and smiled in slight amusement. "The key is in my desk," he said. "You'll get out of here when I tell you you may, and not a moment before. Respond when I talk to you."

"Yes, sir," Sam said, staring down.

"Good, you can respond to basic commands. Mr. Todd is a bright man, though he’s certainly not family, but I’m never quite sure if other people share the same definitions of intelligence and training that I do. Uncle Samuel certainly didn’t. Are you obedient otherwise, or are you punished often?"

"Not often, sir." 

"Good." The Director rubbed his hands together. "Let's see if you're lying, shall we. Put your hands on the chair in front of you. You let go, you lift your hands up, you resist me in any way and I’ll have Mr. Horwitz—I believe he still has a grudge against you because of that regrettable incident that led to his disfigurement?—come in and start cutting off unnecessary limbs. Do you understand, or do you have questions?”

Sam licked his lips and planted his hands on the back of the chair. “Which limbs are unnecessary, sir?”

The Director smiled. “He gets to decide.”

Then he touched Sam on the shoulder.

Sam bowed his head and gritted his teeth, even though the hand was gentle, thoughtful. From his shoulder, the Director moved until his fingers hooked under the collar and pulled Sam's head, hard, sideways. Sam choked a little, but held on tighter to the chair, and the Director smiled and patted him in the center of his back. "Smart," he said. "Good boy."

When his other hand slid over Sam's hip, Sam straightened and stared straight ahead, crushing the head of the chair with his hands, trying to hold onto some focus, some control to head off the panic. The Director didn’t fuck monsters. That was the rumor; Sam had never seen proof either way, but he still expected the hand to slide around to where he was pressed against the chair, to hook into the waistband of his pants.

The Director paused. “I take it that the guards, such as Mr. Todd and Mr. Horwitz, enjoy using your body for their own sexual gratification?” Sam took a shaky breath, and the grip on his hip tightened. “Answer me, freak.”

Sam exhaled. “Yes, sir.”

“Often?”

He’d blown only Crusher and Pete this past week. It had been a good week. “Yes, sir.”

“What sexual practices have you been taught to perform? Be specific and comprehensive.”

No. No, no, no. He’d had guards and hunters ask him that before, though not in those words. The Director’s hand loosened and then re-tightened, grinding long fingers into the bruises from his first grip. “Blowjobs. Handjobs. I stand still while they h-handle themselves or m-m-me. I t-t-talk until they get hard and sometimes th-thr-through it. I mouth their balls and lick their come off the floor. S-sometimes while they are interrogating me, it also seems to c-cause them s-sexual g-gratification.”

“Have you been anally penetrated by any object or body part?”

He couldn’t stop a small whimper from working its way out of his throat. And the worst part, the absolutely worst part was that he knew the man behind him would hear, would know. He was very aware of the Director’s hand. Aware of the slowly growing pain in his hip, terrified those long fingers would relax and begin sliding beneath his pants. “N-no, sir.”

“Why not? You seem to have been used for everything else.”

Sam couldn’t slow down the spike in his breathing or the way his arms shook before him, still clenching the chair. “I-I don’t know, sir.” Please please please I don’t know but please let whatever keeps them off still be there, please not today.

The Director made a small hmmmm sound. “Do you touch yourself for the sexual pleasure of yourself or others?”

Sam shook his head violently and remembered just in time to keep his grip on the back of the chair. He pulled back slightly, and the Director’s hand slammed him back into the unyielding wood. “N-n-no,” he gasped. “No, sir. Never.”

“Good.” The hand left Sam’s hip. “Spread your legs,” the Director said, and when Sam didn’t move to obey quickly enough—he wasn’t thinking quite right, couldn’t get his brain and his body to work together well, or maybe it was that his brain had stopped thinking and all his body could remember to do was clutch the chair—the Director shoved him forward, hard, over the curved wood and kicked his feet apart. Sam gasped in pain and felt the Director’s hand jerk his head up, hard.

The Director’s voice was still calm, clear, like he was reciting an instruction manual. “When I tell you to do something, you will do it promptly and without question. Hesitations will be punished. Mistakes will be punished. Any sign of disrespect or rebellion will be punished, because a monster without obedience is a plague-carrying vermin, consuming resources it does not deserve and existing only as a threat to humankind. Do you understand, or will you require more explicit instruction?”

“I und-d-derstand, s-sir,” Sam choked out.

The Director shoved his head forward, and then let his hair go. “Good. You will not close your legs, you will not let go of the chair, and please keep your noise to a minimum.”

Sam swallowed, gritted his teeth together and closed his eyes while both of the Director’s hands settled on his waist. This time, there was nothing casual or gradual about the touch. The Director’s hands moved easily, inquisitively over his entire body, like he was inspecting a horse or a beast in an auction. He squeezed Sam’s arms, ran a hand up his chest, and then jerked his shirt up. Sam flinched, but managed to stop himself from crying out while he felt the cool air of the office against his bare back, the even cooler caress of the Director’s fingertips.

“Fascinating scar pattern,” he said, half to Sam, half to himself. “In any other monster I’d say you were a piece of shit that ought to be burned. But of course, most monsters don’t survive for ten and a half years in our facility. You’re quite an anomaly, 88UI. With the exception of certain individuals in Intensive Containment, you are our longest surviving monster. I find that fascinating.”

When the Director hooked his thumbs in Sam’s pants and pulled them as far down as they would go with his legs spread apart, Sam couldn’t keep back a choked cry, which he repeated when the Director began touching him below the waist, even though he handled Sam’s hips and ass with the same dispassionate thoroughness with which he had examined Sam’s shoulders and back.

The Director paused, crouched behind Sam, his hand resting on Sam’s right inner thigh. His fingers clenched, hard, like they had earlier on his hip, and Sam sobbed again. ”88UI, do you honestly expect me to be aroused by touching you?”

Sam gasped. It was too hard to force air into his lungs when a hand was right there, when there was a real human being behind him. The Director didn't sleep with monsters. Sam had seen guards—fucking guards—whipped in the middle of camp because they implied that this man had fucked something supernatural.

But maybe the Director just didn’t let it get out. Few men were like Crusher or Victor, willing and able to flip it out during a filmed interrogation, in front of the other freaks in the shower, or in the barracks with the lights on. Maybe he fucked things, but when he fucked someone they never came back. The Director of ASC would have ways to clean up the mess so that no one asked questions.

The Director’s hand closed like a vice and yanked back, his nails cutting into Sam’s skin and dragging upward. Sam gasped, remembering in time, barely in time, to keep his legs spread, to keep his hands on the chair. His hands were so tightly clenched that he couldn’t feel his fingers any more.

But still, the Director’s voice was calm, smooth, if maybe still a bit sharp from his earlier question. “When I ask you a question, you will answer. Do I need to repeat myself?”

Sam shook his head. “No, sir. No, sir.” He could feel wetness dripping down his leg, but he couldn’t tell if the Director had drawn blood or if it was just sweat.

The hand didn’t loosen. “Are you responding to my directive about not making me repeat myself, or are you answering my original question? I expect you to be specific and clear in your responses, 88UI.”

“I d-d-don’t....I d-don’t expect anything, sir. I don’t know...I can’t...I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Sam shook, and ducked his head, trying to control himself, trying not to beg, because he didn’t know what he would be begging for.

The hand withdrew. The Director stood up. “You may remove your hands from the chair,” he said, walking to his desk. Sam released the wood slowly and tried to surreptitiously rub his tingling fingers. The Director took a wipe from a box on his desk and fastidiously cleaned his hand. Sam didn’t look at him directly, but he though he caught a hint of red. “Let me be clear,” the Director said. “I have no sexual interest in monsters. Put your clothing back on. But I do have a very deep, practical interest in making them useful for humans, instead of the scourge they currently are, in spite of my family’s best efforts. To that end, you will report to me every Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. for the foreseeable future so that you may be trained, educated, and conditioned into the kind of monster that deserves the food and air you consume. Mr. Todd will bring you next week, so you know exactly where to go, but I expect you to arrive promptly and on your own after that. Is that understood, 88UI?”

Sam pulled his pants up and tugged his shirt down. “Y-y-yes, sir.”

The Director came back, and he was smiling. A real smile that reached his eyes. “Good.” He unlocked the padlock holding Sam to the table, unwound the leash. “You may go now.”

Sam left, head down, walked past Victor and Karl without even pausing to look at them, and kept his eyes on the ground all the way to the barracks. He couldn’t stop shaking, even when he was in the safety of the night air. 

~*~

As he jerked the wheel through the last few turns on the winding road to Freak Camp, Dean had to acknowledge that he was acting more like a drug addict inches from his next hit than an upstanding member of the hunting community. 

Ha, “upstanding member of the hunting community.” The way Bobby talked, that meant Campbells and Campbell kiss-asses (he’d thought only Dad felt that way), but at least Dean’s paperwork looked as good as two crafty bastards—Bobby and Jim Murphy could stretch the truth better than even Dad—and a desperate twenty-year-old could make it. 

Hell, it had been over a month since he had last seen Sam, and in spite of Bobby’s support and the new-found friend he'd discovered in Pastor Jim—which he literally appreciated more than he could say—it still felt like Sam was all he had left in the world, the only reason he was staying alive and keeping it together. Sam needed him. Sam trusted him, had been trusting him (for way too many years now) to save him. And now Dean needed to see him. Because if he couldn't save Sam, then he wasn't sure what else in his life would be worth saving.

He pulled into an empty spot in the FREACS parking lot, slammed the Impala’s door shut harder than he usually would treat his baby, and strode toward the main doors. Sometimes he felt like he was losing control, and other times he knew he was losing control, but right now he just needed, badly, a reminder of why he was doing this: cutting open his life to display it to the ASC, leaving behind everything he had ever known. If he could get Sam to look him in the eye for a few seconds, if he could break the barriers between them—which seemed both more impermeable and more brittle every time he came—the shitstorm that had become his life, the nightmare of the last few weeks, would be put into perspective. If he could get Sam to give him even a half-smile, it would all be okay again.

Dean couldn’t wait. He needed that private room, that moment when he could take Sam’s hand in his and promise Sam that everything would be all right, like he needed guns, booze, the Impala, and Da—Bobby. He needed to know that Sam was okay, that Dean could save him, because then maybe the hollow ache—which had been running under everything he did since he screeched out of that motel parking lot—would ease at least a little.

Yeah, seeing Sam would be kind of like a hit.

His building anticipation slammed headfirst into a wall at the reception desk.

“I’m sorry, Mr. Winchester—Dean,” Madison said, smiling at him through her lashes. “But you have a withdrawal permit pending, and until that is either approved or denied, I cannot allow you access to the facility.”

Dean blinked at her. “Wait, what?” His mouth felt very dry, and there was a weird blank feeling behind his eyes, like he was searching for, and failing to find, any kind of acceptable response in his head.

She smiled at him, but he could see concern around the edges. “Your monster withdrawal permit? For,” she glanced down at the computer, “permanent removal of 88UI6703 from the facilities. Until that is either approved or denied, I cannot allow you access.”

They hadn’t mentioned that at Headquarters. They had just taken his information and told him they would be in contact. His distant cousin Christian Campbell had been the one handling the process, and he hadn’t said one damn thing about not being allowed back in fucking Freak Camp.

“Any idea why?” Dean asked.

She shrugged sweetly. “It’s a security measure. The separation helps the review committee determine if the hunter’s desire to remove the monster has been influenced by any supernatural ability, like those possessed by sirens and psychics. It’s just safer if the hunter does not have access to any monster for the period of review. We’re all susceptible.”

He hadn’t told Sam that he was going to do this. He had wanted it to be a surprise, or maybe he just wanted to be sure it would actually work before he got Sam’s hopes up. The idea of disappointing Sam hurt too much to risk. And now that pansy hesitation and uncertainty had made it so that Sam wouldn’t know that Dean was coming for him, wouldn’t know why he had gone away. “How long does it usually take?”

“For a permanent removal? Anywhere from three to ten months.” She interpreted Dean’s strangled exclamation as criticism and bristled. “We take containment very seriously,” she told him. “The background check alone can take months. Any hunter requesting to remove a monster has to be considered absolutely respectable, with a traceable history of successful hunts and no hint of mental instability or supernatural contamination. As a hunter, I’m sure you understand how very hard it is to get an accurate profile. Furthermore, the monster’s history and mental profile also have to be examined to make sure that when released. the hunter will be able to keep it under control. The committee has to determine if any additional measures—such as fang removal for a vampire or a bone-harness for a shapeshifter—have to be taken to ensure the safety of both the hunter and the civilian population that could be endangered if a once-contained monster escaped its handler’s control. The process is involved and can’t be rushed.”

And it wasn’t guaranteed that Dean could get him out in the end. The fucking Campbell committee could always say ‘no’. And then Dean would do his best to burn Freak Camp to the ground and get Sam the hell out anyway. “Is there any way, any way at all, that I can speed it up?”

“Unless you need a specific monster to complete a time-sensitive hunt, or have a previous bait permit—neither of which I can influence, you would have to go back to Headquarters—no.” She smiled at him. “Don’t worry. You’re Dean Winchester. I’m sure that the committee is already working to get your request put through as soon as possible.”

Dean didn’t know if that would be good enough.

The disappointment hit him hard just outside the doors. He had to stop and lean against the wall, fighting the urge to run around the perimeter and find a place where he could climb and hurdle the fence. All he needed was a minute with Sam, a minute to look at him, make sure he was okay, and tell him Dean would get him out of there one way or another soon enough.

Dean would infiltrate the camp any way he had to, if those old puckered assholes dared reject his application. He had nothing left to lose. Absolutely nothing. If it came down to it, he wouldn't hesitate to grab Sam, shoot his way out of FREACS, and deal with the shitstorm after that. But Sam deserved better than a life on the run with Dean and the Impala, crap hotels and credit card fraud, so he had to try to do this the legit way, through the fucking bowels of government. And that meant keeping his head on straight. He couldn't do anything to jeopardize his permit, especially since he was damn lucky Mark hadn’t put a black mark on his record the last time he lashed out inside the camp.

It made him sick sometimes, thinking how he could have ended all his chances, right there, just by losing his temper. He had to be better. He had to wait it out. And hope Sam wouldn’t blame him too much for the fucking time.

He straightened off the wall and looked back into Reception. It was an empty gesture, nothing of the camp interior was visible from the outside, but he couldn’t turn himself away. "Hang on, Sam," he whispered, though he knew it was a hokey move from a cheesy chick-flick. He needed to say the words aloud, anyway. "Hang on. I swear to God I'm coming for you."

And then, after another too-long hesitation, Dean made his slow way over the gravel to the Impala.

~*~

The next day, about halfway through dinner, Victor came to the mess hall, nodded to Karl and Lonny, and scanned the monster heads.

“I’m here for Pretty Freak,” he said. “Director wants him, says he’s to be released to go to Administration about this time every Wednesday for the foreseeable future.”

“Think the bossman’s finally fucking something?” Karl sneered.

Lonny shot him a look that would have peeled paint. “Shut the fuck up,” he said. “You want to end up with your back whipped off like Dorian?”

“Take it easy,” Victor said. “He wasn’t here that day.”

“Yeah well, I was, and I don’t want to see that again. Or have it be me. So keep a lid on it, Horwitz.”

“Where’s the freak?”

Lonny jerked his head to where Sam sat, head bowed, waiting. “Over there.”

Victor turned. “Hey, freak!” he called.

Half the monsters in the room glanced up, briefly, eyes wide. Then they saw where Victor was looking and dropped their gazes just as quickly so they wouldn’t be caught with their heads up.

Slowly, the same dull terror he felt before interrogations lining his throat, Sam stood up and walked to Victor.

He expected a leash, a blow, a threat, or something, but Victor just looked at him like he was a piece of shit he’d found on the bottom of his shoe. “Come on, freak,” he said. “We don’t want to keep Director Campbell waiting.”

The walk to the Director’s office in Administration was silent, tense. Sam felt disturbingly like they were walking toward the same thing together -- not guard and monster, but two creatures going somewhere they didn’t want to go but bound by an unshakable force.

Victor knocked twice, rapidly, on the Director’s door, and pushed open the door when he heard, “Come in.”

This time the Director was leaning against his desk, a stopwatch in hand. He smiled when he met Victor’s eyes. “Thank you, Mr. Todd,” he said. “Right on time.”

“Of course, sir,” Victor said.

“You’re destined for great things, Mr. Todd,” the Director said. “You may go now.”

Victor nodded once. He paused an instant with his eyes on Sam, mouth pressed into something difficult to define - not pity, but at least acknowledgement he did not want to be in Sam’s place. Then he was gone, down the hall. 

The Director got up from his perch on the desk, and moved to a door set in the back wall. “88UI, come here.”

Sam followed the Director into an interrogation room. Bare tile floors, harsh bright lights, and bolts set into the walls at various heights for securing monsters. There were three or four battered chairs in the room, a small table covered in a white sheet, a water tap and a hose by the wall closest to the door, and a drain in the middle of the floor. Two cameras were fixed in opposite corners, and a hook dangled from the ceiling, at about the level where Sam could have touched it if stretched to his full height.

The Director nodded at a chair in the corner. “Strip and put on that pair of underwear. I have no desire to view your genitalia, but skin is a necessity.”

Sam went, slowly, to the chair, and began to strip. He carefully folded everything he had removed, wiggled into the tight white shorts, and then turned around.

"In my opinion,” the Director said, “there is only one reason to keep a monster around, and that is if he's dependable and obedient. That is my goal here, what we are going to work on every week—to see if I can make you into a dependable monster. Do you understand?"

“Yes, sir.”

The Director smiled. “I don’t really think you do, but that is understandable. Come here.”

Sam walked to where the Director indicated, beneath the hook.

The Director took a pair of wide, leather-padded cuffs off the table and snapped them over Sam’s wrists in front of him. Sam’s breath caught, but before he could react, the Director had stepped on a stool and jerked Sam’s arms up until he could slide the chain between the cuffs around the hook.

When he stepped back, kicking the stool away, Sam was trapped, stretched to his full height with his hands above him. He had to stay on his toes or his weight would end up on his shoulders.

The Director looked up at him, went to the corner, and pushed the small table into Sam’s line of sight. There was no drama as he removed and folded the sheet, unveiling the interrogation tools. Knives, shafts, whips, crushers -- not the widest variety Sam had ever seen, but every tool gleamed, polished and clean, in the unforgiving light of the interrogation room. 

There was a knock on the door, and Sam jerked involuntarily, the motion making him swing slightly and pulling on his arms. He was already beginning to feel the ache.

“Come in!” the Director called.

The door opened, and Crusher walked in. The first thing he saw was Sam, and Sam could see the crazy flickering in his eyes. When the guard licked his lips, Sam couldn’t stop himself from making a small sound.

“Good evening, Mr. Rosenstein.” The Director stepped closer to Sam and rested a hand on his shoulder. “Mr. Rosenstein has so kindly volunteered to help me. He wants you to be a good, obedient monster as well, don’t you, Mr. Rosenstein?”

The guard scowled. “Call me Crusher.”

Momentarily distracted from tracing the scars on Sam’s back and his hip, the Director looked up. “No,” he said. His nails dug into the bruises he’d left on Sam’s hip the day before, and Sam gasped and jerked against the chains.

Crusher made a little noise, like he was getting hard, and Sam—so close he could count the wrinkles across the Director’s forehead—saw the brief flash of a smile before the Director’s hand reached the raw nail-marks on his inner thigh and clamped down. Sam writhed harder, and Crushed gasped like he did when Sam knew he was going to be on his knees in the next few seconds. But he wasn’t, because it was the Director that had put him in chains today, the Director that was hurting him right now.

“Is that a problem, Mr. Rosenstein, me using your proper name, giving you the respect you are entitled to as a real human being and a guard at FREACS? Or do you want to leave and wallow with the other monsters, Mr. Rosenstein?”

Crusher didn’t answer for a second. Sam could hear him breathing, and it almost matched his own for raggedness, panic. Then the Director’s hand jerked, Sam choked, and Crushed took a desperate breath. “No,” he said.

The Director’s voice snapped like a whip. “Show me some respect! No, what?” 

“No, sir.”

The Director twisted Sam’s right nipple while pushing his feet out from under him. It ripped out another sound, and the Director gentled his voice. “You want to be useful, don’t you? To help me make this little piece of shit an obedient, useful monster, don’t you, Mr. Rosenstein?”

Crusher was nodding almost desperately, hands sliding up and down his hips. “Yes,” he gasped. “God, yes. Fuck, yeah, let me—”

The Director slid his fingers beneath Sam’s collar and pulled him closer, pushed him away, made him sway. “Use proper words, Mr. Rosenstein.”

Crusher took a deep breath. “Yes, sir, I want that. Director Campbell, sir.”

The Director smiled again, so that only Sam could see it, and turned around. He glanced, dismissively, at the other man’s groin. “Do you want to take care of that before we continue?”

Crusher nodded. “Yeah. I mean, yes, sir.” He opened his pants and slid in a hand.

The Director smiled tightly and met the guard’s eyes. “You can do that in front of the freak, against him for all I care, but I’d rather not see your dick, Mr. Rosenstein. It doesn’t interest me.”

Crusher paused. “Then what the fuck am I…I mean, would you excuse me, Director, sir, while I jerk off against the little bitch?”

Sam whimpered, low in his throat, at the Director’s expression, even though it was fucking stupid, even though he shouldn’t be looking in that man’s eyes.

“Of course, Mr. Rosenstein.” The Director pushed Sam one last time, and walked to a chair in the corner, turned it so it wasn’t facing Sam, and picked up a book. “Just let me know when you’re done, if you please.”

~*~

When Crusher was done, cleaned up and zipped up, the Director glanced around, put down his book, and walked to the table with his instruments. He ceremoniously handed an electric prod to Crusher. “When I tell you to, Mr. Rosenstein,” he said, and then picked up a riding crop before turning to Sam.

“Let’s see what you know,” the Director said, swinging the riding crop casually in his hand. He brought it up and rested it on Sam’s neck right below the collar. “I have one question for you, 88UI6703. What are you?”

Sam licked his lips. “Sir, I-I don’t know, sir, they’ve a-asked—”

The Director moved so fast that Sam didn’t see the crop move, just felt it slam against his cheek and the pain. Sam jerked and swayed and choked down a cry. It was too damn early in the interrogation to be making noises.

“I don’t care what they’ve asked,” the Director said, “and I’m not looking for some nebulous identification. I want to know what you know about what you are and what you deserve. Now, let us try this again. I ask, ‘What are you?’ and you answer me, you answer me well, or I let Mr. Rosenstein use his toy on you. Let me give you a hint. You are a filthy monster.” The Director snapped the crop across his other cheek, hard enough to sting, but probably not even hard enough to leave a welt. “And because you are a filthy monster, you deserve every blow I give you. Now, you try.” He slid the crop down Sam’s chest and rested it gently on his waist, right above the shorts.

“I’m…a freak,” Sam said.

The crop flickered, a butterfly kiss of leather on his waist. “Good. Continue.”

“88IU6703.”

This blow was a little harder. “Decent.”

“A monster.”

“I said that already.” The Director nodded at Crusher, and, grinning, the man brought the prod to the skin of Sam’s shoulder.

He bucked and convulsed as the electricity poured though him, the chains not giving him enough slack to hold himself up while he shook.

“Whore, whore, whore,” he was sobbing when he came down from the pain.

The Director glanced at Crusher. “Would you agree, Mr. Rosenstein that this freak is a whore?”

Crusher grinned. “Fuck yeah…sir.”

The Director nodded, turned, and struck Sam’s shoulder hard enough to cut and draw blood. “That is your punishment for being a whore as well as a monster. What else?”

“C-cocksucker.”

Touch light as a hand on his shoulder.

“Pretty Freak.”

Slightly harder blow to the ribs.

“A...a…” Sam had been called a thousand things, had been told he was so many dirty things, but he tried to forget them, tried to block them from his mind. And now, with pain and distraction, and the swinging and the slowly numbing pressure in his hands, he couldn’t pull them up, couldn’t bring them to his lips.

“I’m sure you know how worthless you are,” the Director said. “Mr. Rosenstein.”

And the shock, the pain, the ripples of agony through his entire frame, came again.

Fucktoy, bitch, slut, dog. They came on and on. And eventually, Sam found it easier to remember them.

~*~

“Enough,” the Director said at last, when Sam had been reduced to practical blindness, stuttering incomprehensibly from pain and stress, shoulders burning from jerking at the chain, wrists one massive bruise from holding his entire weight when his legs gave out. The Director—looking vaguely satisfied, as though a project had just begun to show much more promise—stepped back to the small table with his instruments and began carefully cleaning the head of the crop.

“You see how well he responds?” he said conversationally, even though Crusher looked too absorbed in the way Sam’s body shuddered to really be paying attention. “How thorough and clever he can be? It shows a decent level of intelligence and observation, but really says almost nothing about the freak’s true level of understanding. Even a moderately trained animal can produce rote responses to avoid pain. What my goal here—our goal—is is to instill belief and understanding where previously there has been only memorization. Do you understand me, Mr. Rosenstein?”

Crusher snapped his attention to the Director’s face, clearly struggling to recall the man’s last few words. Then he remembered. “He can’t just say the words,” he answered. “He has to mean them.”

The Director’s mouth quirked in a small smile. “Exactly. Very good, Mr. Rosenstein.”

Sam could do very little but hang and sob. Compared with interrogations he had had in the past, the pain had been relatively light. Even compared with a hard whipping, the damage was minimal.

But it was worse, so much worse, because Sam hadn’t been able to go away. He had to stay there, thinking, searching his mind for every degrading thing he had ever been called, for everything he had ever been told a monster was. He could have just given in, stayed silent, retreated, but the difference in pain between the crop and the prod was so vast that he couldn’t. He couldn’t retreat when there was a way, any way that the pain could be less.

Usually after a while, the guards and hunters didn’t give a damn what he was saying. They never had more than a handful of questions for him, questions he never had an answer to, and when he degenerated into mindless sounds and begging, it was what they had really wanted from the beginning.

The first time a “No, please,” left his lips, the Director paused, grabbed him by the collar and pulled him until his feet left the floor. Sam noted absently, as he gasped from the pressure on his neck, that the Director’s arm didn’t so much as tremble from supporting his weight.

“Did I give you permission to beg?” he asked.

“N-n-no, sir,” Sam whimpered.

“That’s what I thought,” the Director pushed him away and glanced at Crusher. “Twice. Space them out. Long shocks.”

Sam tried desperately after that not to beg, to keep answering the Director’s single, horrible question, but pleading had been trained into him for so long he couldn’t stop please don’t and no, God from slipping out. And every time the Director gave his tight little nod, and Crusher jabbed the prod into his skin.

The first time he had said God—he wasn’t sure he believed in any kind of god, it was just a word that monsters used when they were in pain, though he knew the religious theory about it as well, from his reading—the Director had whipped him hard, three or four times, then dragged him off his feet again.

“God doesn’t exist,” he said. “And he never listens to monsters.” Then he had given Crusher the nod.

Now, even when it seemed nominally over, Sam couldn’t expect anything. Time and again, the Director did things that Sam hadn’t expected, and every time there was pain at the end.

While the Director cleaned the crop, Crusher smiled nastily and shifted the prod from hand to hand, snapping the button sometimes to send electricity shooting between the points. When he stepped closer, Sam tried to brace himself again for the volts.

“Perhaps you should take your annual physical examination early, Mr. Rosenstein.” For the first time that evening, the Director’s voice carried a hint of anger.

Crusher hesitated. “Sir?”

“Or perhaps it is your attention and not your hearing that is lacking.” The Director placed the crop precisely on the little table, drawing attention to every instrument he hadn’t used. “Punishment ends when I determine and begins when I determine. If you have a problem with that, Mr. Rosenstein, I’m sure I can find someone,” his tone said something, “capable of performing your duties.”

The Director held the guard’s eyes for a long minute, but Crusher glanced down first. “No…sir. Yes, sir.”

“Good.” The Director glanced at the prod in Crusher’s hand. “You can clean that and put it in the charger. It’s in the Administration resource room.”

After one last hungry glance at Sam’s suspended body, Crusher retreated.

The Director smiled when he left the room. “Good boy,” he murmured. Then he walked to Sam and kicked the stool toward his feet. “Stand on that,” he said. “Release your hands.”

He watched expressionlessly while Sam struggled to get his aching feet and his arms—which were almost numb until he moved them, and then began to burn so badly he panted from the pain—moving. It took him three tries before he could get everything working together enough to get his bound hands off the hook.

Sam half collapsed, half sat on the stool. The Director neither moved to catch him nor to avoid his fall. He stared down at Sam, considering something that Sam wasn’t sure was about him. After Sam had caught his breath, he tipped his head toward the corner where Sam’s clothes were piled. “Put your clothes back on.”

Sam stumbled off the stool and to his clothes. His hands shook as he pulled the shirt over his head, and he couldn’t help thinking how it would hurt when he had to pull it off the next morning. Over the night the crop-marks would scab into the fabric, re-tearing the half-healed wounds when he removed the shirt.

It was as though the Director could read his thoughts. But only monsters could do that. “You will shower after every session we have together,” he said. “Not the showers in Administration. They are for human beings exclusively, so as long as you aren’t bleeding all over the floor, I expect you to use the facilities set aside for monsters. Do you have questions?”

Sam hesitated, one pant-leg on, the other halfway up. The Director hadn’t told him to remove the tight underwear, so he hadn’t.

The man’s expression cooled. “88UI, while generally I will expect you to obey, respond and submit without question, complaint, or excessive noise, when I do give you the opportunity to ask questions it is because I will not repeat myself and I expect perfect compliance with my expectations. Whether or not you know those expectations is, in this instance, completely upon your shoulders. While I consider this the early stages of training—and thus your mistakes will be punished with more leniency than I would otherwise allow—that does not mean you can expect me to cater to your freakish inconsistency, weakness, deception, and malicious guile. I have no intention of placing my species in jeopardy because I ignored a single mistake. Permitting you to ask, even, when I should let you fail and then be punished, is a kindness. If you are too lazy and stupid to make use of my kindness, you will cease to deserve it.”

Sam took a shaky breath. “Sir, sh-showers are usually locked after dinner. H-how do I get access?”

“I have already informed the guards that you are to be permitted to shower. The facilities will then be cleaned for the evening, possibly by you, and then locked.” The Director stopped and waited.

Sam licked his lips, and then choked out the question. “And if I’m bleeding on the floor, sir?”

“Ask me clear questions, 88UI. Don’t be stupid and sloppy.”

“S-s-sir, how do I sh-shower if I c-cant walk or f-function due to b-bloodloss or injury?”

A small smile. “I will have you cleaned.”

The door, opened, and Crusher re-entered the room. Sam pulled his pants up hastily, and stood, shaking, eyes down.

“Ah, good. I trust that all your equipment is properly put away?” the Director asked.

Crusher glanced at Sam and looked vaguely sullen. He was still hard, visibly stiff against his pants, though Sam had half-expected him to jerk himself off while he was out of the Director’s sight. But all he said was, “Yes, sir.”

“Good,” the Director said. “88UI6703, you will report to me every Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. for the foreseeable future. The staff in Administration know that you are expected at this time and will not stop or restrain you, though if you try to abuse that privilege by entering the building without permission at other times, I will have your hands broken. I expect you to report promptly and without fail. I do not believe I need to waste a guard’s time making sure you arrive. If you are more than five minutes early, I will have you beaten. Do not be late. I also expect you to shower beforehand. Do you have any questions?”

“What...what happens, sir, if I ar-r-rive late?”

The Director frowned. “I realize that as an ungrateful piece of shit, you find it hard to appreciate what I am doing for you, but if you waste even a second of my time, I will take that as an indication that you are even more of a lost cause than I already know you to be. Don’t disappoint me.”

Sam made a small noise, Crusher shifted uncomfortably, and the Director smiled slightly and only for a second. Then he turned to the guard, and smiled more naturally. “Mr. Rosenstein, as you have requested this duty, you may naturally arrive at the same time, or earlier, than the freak. I would request that if you are not able to make it, or are going to be late, you inform me as soon as possible.”

“Yes, sir,” Crusher nodded. “And thank you, sir, for this…opportunity, sir, and…honor.”

The Director’s mouth quirked. “It’s good to work with a man of your enthusiasm and experience. If you like, you may escort the freak to the showers.”

Crusher’s eyes brightened. “Thank you, sir,” he said. “Freak! Come!”

Sam followed Crusher out of the room, and when the guard pushed him to his knees in the showers it was almost a relief, both to be off his shaking feet and to know what he was supposed to do, understanding exactly what was expected and what would get him hurt.

When he could finally stumble into his cot—clothes clean, back and chest still raw—he barely heard the other monsters as they swore at his noise. He just fell into the bed and curled up tight, half on his stomach, half on his side, as though hugging himself would make the pain and nausea go away.

Usually, before he fell asleep, he thought about Dean. Often it wasn’t safe to think about him at any other point in the day, but letting go of every disgusting thing that he had done and that had been done to him and just thinking about Dean’s smile, about his hand on Sam, was part of what kept him going. Some nights he would think,Maybe he’ll come. Maybe he’ll come next week, and it was...probably something he didn’t deserve to think, something he didn’t deserve to hope for, but without that he had no reason to keep going. And he had to keep going, because he knew that anything else would disappoint Dean.

Even after John Winchester had told him Dean was never coming back (You’re going to get him killed), Sam had held onto the hope that Dean would still come for him. Because Dean had said he would, and Sam had seen that Dean was so brave, so strong, that he would even stand up to his father.

It had been over a month since Dean had come, and Sam had still hoped, even though a part of him didn't expect Dean to come back, even to fuck him. But tonight, curling the only way he could not to rub his raw wounds, Sam closed his eyes and couldn’t force himself to think about Dean. Because every time he breathed he felt the pain of the crop marks, and he remembered what he was.

Freak, whore, slut, filth, monster.

Dean shouldn’t come back. Dean should stay as far away from Freak Camp and Sam as he possibly could because Sam was worthless, Sam was worse than worthless, and if Dean come to him, he would be contaminated just as surely, he would fall prey to something and it would be Sam’s fault, all Sam’s fault because that’s the kind of monster he was.

Sam knew this. Sam had had it beaten into his worthless monster skin, tonight and nights before, but he still wanted Dean back. Somewhere in his black monster heart, he wanted Dean so badly that if Crusher or anyone else said he could make it happen, that all Sam would have to do was anything, then Sam would bend over, Sam would beg, and hope that the promise came true, hope that Dean would come back, if only long enough to look at him in disgust, to put a bullet through his head, even though a fast death was too much to hope for when Sam had fucked himself up so badly.

Sam wanted Dean and Sam was an evil monster, a worthless whore, and he couldn’t help but hurt the things he wanted. So he tried not to think about Dean, Dean who wasn’t coming back, Dean who must never know how dirty and disgusting Sam was.

Because thinking about Dean wasn’t safe any more. It just reminded Sam of how much of a monster he really was.

~*~

Lights had been out for an hour when the door swung open. Several monsters jumped in their cots, Kayla included, but it was only Sam who staggered through. Kayla exhaled soundlessly against her blanket. She had seen Victor yank Sam out during dinner, and heard some talk about the Director. The Director almost never personally requested a monster, and it was even rarer that they walked out of Administration after an interview with him.

Sam didn’t look like he was in much more than one piece, though. He had all his limbs, and his face hadn’t been beaten in, but something definably Sam was missing. He paused for a moment with his hand on the closed door before starting slowly forward. He didn’t manage more than a couple steps before stumbling against one of the short cot legs and nearly falling on top of the monster across from him.

Several monsters snarled, watch your fucking feet, whore! and other insults. The monster he’d almost fallen on struck back, and Sam took it—swaying back dangerously—and then more monsters were growling throughout the barracks, wordless ferocious sounds with clear meaning: shut up and keep down. They all had been whipped two months ago for after-dark altercations, and no one wanted a repetition of the punishment, or for the guards to decide that they deserved something harsher. 

Sam ignored them, when he usually would have snarled soundlessly back, or at least looked to make sure they were all talk and no action. He looked like he barely heard the abuse, like every last ounce of strength in his body was being channeled into staying upright. His hair was damp, and his labored breathing was audible even to Kayla halfway across the room. He lurched on unsteadily on the way to his cot, more than once looking like he was going to tip over in the aisle, but he made it before his knees buckled.

Kayla’s hands unclenched from the edge of her blanket, and she rolled to face the other way. Sam had gotten back to his own cot. Of course he was okay. Roughed up, sure, but he was used to that - more than any other monster still around. He’d be fine in the morning. 

But Sam didn’t get up the next morning.

The buzzer in the corner blared, summoning them outside for roll call. The monsters rolled out of their cots with grunts, jostling each other without vehemence. No one had energy for that in the morning, when the fight wouldn’t influence a monster’s supply of blankets or food.

Kayla had gotten in line for the door, automatically snarling her way into the middle, when she glanced back across the room and saw one unmoving body still in its cot. She was about to think, Unlucky bastard, when she realized it was Sam.

She dodged out of the line and kept her head down while the other monsters exit. No one looked to her. They didn’t care. Probably thought she was going to try to roll the unconscious monster while he was incapacitated, and didn’t think that being late for roll call would be worth whatever food or trinkets the victim might have. She would have thought the same thing, if it hadn’t been Sam.

Once they were gone, she went to Sam’s cot. His eyes were closed, and he hadn’t stirred in the slightest.

Very slowly, Kayla slid her fingers in front of Sam’s nostrils, not touching skin, but close enough that the small puffs of warm air from his breathing tickled her knuckles. Still alive, then. Satisfied of that at least, she poked him hard in the shoulder.

Sam’s eyes flickered open, and moved over her once, but there was no recognition or focus. Nothing on his face. He still didn’t shift at all. His face was blank, emptier than she had ever seen, even when Crusher had him pinned.

So they’d finally fucked him. By the Director, no less. Kayla wondered if that was anything like getting fucked by Crusher. She had never seen the Director herself, but she’d heard enough, and she’d never believed he had any particular restraint with monsters. 

Winchester waited too long, she thought to herself, with a touch of the disgust she always felt for hunters, and something a little stronger. Close to the burning rage she felt toward the guards sometimes. She’d always hated Winchester for this. For fucking with Sam in every way besides the one he was supposed to. For breaking through all of Sam’s rules, even the ones he had taught her. For making him hope for something he’d never get. Especially now. 

She watched Sam’s face for a little longer, but it never changed. She couldn’t make him get up, and there wouldn’t be any point anyway if he didn’t do it himself. Survival in Freak Camp was all about will (and luck), and until today she would have said that Sam had the strongest will of anyone she had ever met. Maybe he still did. Maybe his luck had just run out.

She went to roll call and breakfast, and when she snuck back into the barracks afterward with half of a small, dry roll, Sam was in the exact same position. 

Kayla dropped the roll onto his cot, before his face. Sam’s eyes blinked, then flickered to her face. She had just begun to wonder if he knew her yet, when his expression twisted like someone was stabbing a hot iron into his back. The agonized grimace remained fixed on his face for almost a minute, muscles in his back tense and bowed, and then he looked at her again. His eyes were hopeless, sad, resigned, but the knot of anxiety in Kayla’s chest eased, because this was familiar. This was how she knew him.

Sam sat up, bracing himself carefully on the bed. “You shouldn’t have,” he said, nodding at the roll. His voice was hoarse, a little ragged from screams and abuse, but that wasn’t unfamiliar either. “They would have just taken me to SR.”

She shrugged, uneasy. “I’ll eat it, you don’t want it.”

He thought about it. He thought about it a hell of a lot longer than he should have, since he had given her extra food more than once and she knew that he hadn’t eaten very well at dinner the night before either, in addition to missing breakfast. He waited long enough for her stomach to twist up and for her to think, irrationally, about shoving it down his throat so that he would eat, so that he would stay there and not go wherever in his head he went when he didn’t want to feel anything at all, a place she had never quite found.

And then he picked the roll up and ate it in two quick bites. He got up and left the barracks without a word. 

She counted to twenty, so they wouldn’t be seen together, and followed him out.