Aphrodite Days In A Small Town
by CosmicalMind

A small town has a free use policy during some days the year.

My name is Kat. I'm a young woman in her early twenties. And today, I want to tell you about the life in the small town I grew up in, a very unique place. In fact, due to the nature of the life there, I didn't spend all my time in this town when I was younger.

You see, this town has a policy you can't really find anywhere else. During some parts of the year, all the people who aren't of age leave the town for a few days or weeks accompanied with a handful of adults, while most of the adults stay in town. And what happens with those who stay? The townfolks call it the 'Aphrodite days' where there's an almost total freedom of performing sexual acts whenever, wherever people want to.

That may sound very bizarre at first, but it works incredibly well. It was created to allow people to be more free and liberated sexually and has proven to drastically improve relations between people, reduce breakups and fight between couples and improve the mood of everyone around. It also surprisingly reduced the number of unwanted pregnancies, as sex education is an important part of the school curriculum, as well as free contraceptives. The policy is very clear and the town is quite strict on who they allow settling in to lower the risk of people coming to the village solely for sex vacations, where you actually have to have spent at least a full year in the village before you can stay during the Aphrodite days.

Anyways. I grew up in this town, apart from the moments we would leave the town for the Aphrodite days. And it's been a few years since I've been able to enjoy them myself. The last event was during last summer.

I live in my own apartment in this town and work as a batista in the nearby coffee shop. It was the first day of the Aphrodite days, that should last for about a month or so, so I needed to get ready.

The sunlight hit my eyes through the blinds, reminding me that I should definitely fix them. It was probably just a few turns of a screw but procrastinating was pretty much my second job at this point, so it'd have to wait. Battling to pull myself out of my bed, I could have sworn this thing had a stronger gravity field or something. I dragged my feet to reach the bathroom, the cold white light scorching my barely opened eyes even more.

With a groan, I took a look at my tired face. My black fringe in a mess covering some of it, the rest of my dark bob cut tangled after a night fighting with my pillow. Turning the water on, I washed my face in hope of waking up quicker. I've been told I had the bitchiest resting face but those people haven't seen me in the morning, it's on another level. It seemed that it helped a little as I could see the green emeralds showing themselves on the side of my little nose. Quickly displacing my large shirt and panties I used as PJs, I turned the hot water on in the shower, waiting for it to heat up before stepping inside. I let a long sigh escape my mouth, as the warm water hit my pale skin, surrounding me in steam rising up rather quickly.

One I was done, I stepped out the shower and wrapped myself in my towel, quickly drying myself up to go get my uniform. Obviously, searching through the messy pile of clothes in my room, cursing past me for not being as tidy as future Kat wished. Finally managing to pull the white t-shirt, dark green skirt and thigh high socks from the mess, I threw them onto the bed. Going to my clean underwear drawer before reminding myself which day it was. No need for them, though I hope today wouldn't be a cold one. It'll feel good to let the puppies breathe anyways, I told myself.

After dressing up, I quickly got out of the house, realizing I was late as always. Thankfully, it was just on the corner of the road I lived in. As I stepped into the shop, the bell rang and my manager was at the counter. She looked at me with her usual frown, and I made my way in.

"You start at 9, not 9:10." she said.

"I know, I know." I replied, holding myself from trying to be any smug.

Getting ready for my shift, thankfully it was rather calm at the moment. I put my usual work cap on and looked around. There was only one customer, Mr. Roberts. He was often there at this time, a rather old man, always very nice with plenty of stories to tell.

He was sitting at his usual spot, a little table with a chair, his cup on the table, one hand slowly stirring his black coffee, while the other was holding my coworker Jessica's blonde ponytail in a fist, guiding her up and down as she was squatting in front of him, blowing the old man. The room was rather quiet, some smooth jazz playing spiced up with the occasional slurp of the young woman and a groan from her customer.

I was browsing social media on my phone waiting for a customer, leaning on the counter, when the bell rang. It was Jacob, another usual here. He came for his daily latte, probably between two meetings. I straightened up, putting my phone on the side as he seemed in a bit of a rush.

"Hi Jacob. Latte, as usual?" I asked him, as he approached the counter.

"Nah, already got one earlier. Just needed a break after this meeting, it's getting to my head." he started ranting, before going around the counter, shuffling with his pants.

"Oh, is that it?" I said, feigning interest.

"Yeah, my boss is killing me. He always ask for more and more." he continued, while his hand moved to his shaft, stroking it a bit to wake it up, while the other reached under my skirt and started fumbling between my legs.

He found my slit and started rubbing it but was clearly in a rush. I bent over slightly more in hope it would make things better but he wasn't the best. I slipped my hand to push him and did it myself, using my other hand to grab a small bottle of lube from the counter we had just for those occasions, and gave it to him. He squirted some on his finger as I made myself ready and he went behind me and lifted my skirt before plunging inside. We both let out a huff as he went on with his rant.

"I swear he's going to make people leave and he'll only have himself to blame." he went on.

"Mhm..." I simply nodded, before taking my phone back and resuming my scrolling while he had his way with me bent over the counter.

He continued blabbering about his job for a while as I watched Mr. Roberts hold Jessica's head across the room, visibly unloading in the blonde girl's throat. Jacob didn't take long until he did the same back there, feeling him tense up before exploding in my pussy, then pulled out, grabbing a nap king to clean his hand and cock.

"Thank you Kat. Have a nice day." he simply said, still looking puzzled by his work, as he shoved his package back down his pants and left. I quickly grabbed a napkin of my own to lot let too many globs fall down the wooden floor, as my manager would probably scold me for that once again. Tossing the used tissue in the bin, I readjusted my uniform and got ready for the rest of the day.
