"How the hell could I be doing too much? I sleep in bed, I eat in bed, I watch TV in bed, and if I'm a very good boy you let me go sleep, eat and watch TV in my recliner." Jonathan glared up at the woman taking his blood pressure. These people were clueless. He had a farm to run, two sons to raise, and a comic book to write if he made it through this. He had no time for "you're doing too much."

Moira glared back, unfazed. "Your blood pressure is gruesome. You've been doing the stairs again, haven't you?"

"My blood pressure is gruesome because you come in here to poke and prod—"

"Maybe it's time we started complete bed rest."

"—and aggravate me—"

"I'll bring in the bedpan, shall I?"

Jonathan growled an obscenity. This woman was going to make him lose his undeniable cool. "We are not doing bedpans, Moira. Got it? There are no bedpans in my future."

Moira met his gaze with steely gray eyes. "There will be once Martha finds out what your blood pressure is today."

Jonathan slammed his fist on the mattress. "You are not telling Martha."

"Oh, no," Moira said sweetly. "I'm telling Eli. And Eli will tell Martha."

Jonathan stared up at her in horror. She'd do it. She'd do it because she'd been hand-picked by Dirty Harry and the Great Laundry Assassin to drive him stark raving mad. "You're related to him, aren't you?"

"Who?" Moira asked in an airy tone, packing up her bag. It was almost the end of her shift; Martha would be back any minute. If there were really a God, she would have been back half an hour ago.

"You know who! That bastard Eli Cohen."

Moira clicked her tongue. "Such language. And here I thought you were related to him."

"What the f—"

"So much alike." 

Jonathan groped for a response that didn't have four-letter words in it.

Moira turned toward him, bag in hand, with an expression that would put the fear of God in ninety-nine-point-nine-nine percent of Kansas farmers. "You listen to me, Jonathan Kent. If you keep pushing yourself this way, you will be back in the hospital inside a week, and this time you may not make it out again. Am I clear?"

Jonathan, a proud member of the point-o-one percent, muttered an affirmative under his breath, grateful beyond measure that he could hear the truck pulling up in front of the house. Martha would shoo this she-Eli away. 

"Jonathan?" Martha's voice floated up from the stairs. "Are you awake?"

"Awake and in high dudgeon," Moira called. She leaned closer to Jonathan and spoke quietly. "I am dead serious. Stop pushing yourself, or you'll find someone else pushing you back into intensive care."

"You want a bribe, don't you?" Jonathan hissed. 

"A bribe?" Moira straightened with an amused expression. "All right. I'll take one night alone with your wife."

Jonathan felt his jaw drop.

"See you tomorrow, Jonathan." Moira sailed out the door, advising Martha to procure a whip and chair before entering. 

Martha appeared, jacket still on, and with a breathless air that made Jonathan sit straight up. 

"What? What's happened?"

"Nothing," Martha breathed, crossing the room to sit on the bed. She put both arms around Jonathan's neck and held him tightly to her. "Just…just a bad day."

"You're shaking," Jonathan whispered, alarmed. He stroked her hair. "Tell me."

"I'll tell you later." Martha pushed him back on the pillows, and curled up beside him, her arms around him.

"Promise?" Jonathan kissed her temple.

"Promise."

Jonathan fell silent. He was beginning to think this family had scrapped the no-secrets rule altogether.

***

"He's drinking. He never used to drink at all. And he talks about doing crazy things, like robbing the Savings and Loan and taking me to live in Canada and he's serious." Lana wrung her well-manicured hands.

Chloe nodded in what she hoped was a sympathetic manner. She even managed to refrain from observing that walking around with part of the meteorite that killed your parents around your neck, to say nothing of visiting their grave in the dead of night, might be considered pretty crazy, too, if not downright kinky. "Don't his parents know what's going on?"

Lana waved her pretty hands, the very picture of a fairy princess in distress. Chloe wondered if any mere mortal could have a conversation with Lana Lang without being fatally punctured by ballistic pixie dust. Since when did the head cheerleader risk being seen in the Torch office without a stake through her heart, anyway? "His mom is so wrapped up in his dad right now that I don't think she's even noticed. And Mr. Fordman…he isn't well enough to handle it."

"I didn't know he was that bad," Chloe said in surprise. "He's going to be okay, isn't he?"

Lana didn't answer, her gaze now riveted to Chloe's desk.

"Oh," Chloe said softly. "I'm sorry."

Lana drew a shaky breath. "It's killing him. Whitney, I mean. He's falling apart. His grades have gotten so bad that he's lost his scholarship—"

"He's lost his scholarship?"

"And he's hanging out with some really weird people. Those people that he met working at Belle Rève."

Belle Rève. Lionel Luthor's home for the reality-impaired. Chloe found her interest piqued. "No kidding."

"And the coach has decided to take him off first string."

So much for interest. Chloe restrained herself from congratulating Lana on her sense of priorities. "I didn't realize. What on earth was he doing at Belle Rève?"

"He started out just doing security. You know, night watchman stuff. Then his boss told him there was big money in volunteering for clinical trials."

"What kind of clinical trials?"

Lana's hands waved helplessly. "Some sort of treatment to tranquilize violent patients. Whitney didn't understand it, really, but the money was so good, and his dad's bills are…well. You know. Medical bills. But he was never the same after those treatments. It's like he's just not the same person anymore. Sometimes I'm actually afraid of him."

"He hasn't hurt you or anything, has he?" Chloe asked sharply.

"Not me. No." Lana shook her head, not meeting Chloe's gaze.

Chloe sighed. Time to cut to the chase. "Lana, why are you telling me all this?"

"I just needed to—"

"You haven't deigned to speak two words to me in the past three years." Chloe was so glad she wasn't bitter about that. Being bitter would make her small, and she was not small.

Lana lifted her head, eyes widening. "That's not true."

"And now you come to me? Why aren't you talking to your friends about this?"

"I don't have friends," Lana returned in a hard voice, a voice that was as far from Lana Lang as Chloe could imagine. "I have groupies."

Chloe knew her mouth was hanging open, but found herself quite unable to do anything about it. Of all the things she's never expected to come out of Lana Lang's mouth, that was the last.

"You have friends, Chloe. You have Pete and Clark. You're even friends with Mr. Cohen."

"Mr. Cohen?"

"They'd do anything for you."

Chloe pulled herself together. "And you want me to do something for you? Is that it?"

"I need your help."

"To do what?"

"No one at Belle Rève will talk to me. They say Whitney signed something, that they're not responsible for any ill effects of the trial."

Chloe sighed. "I'm not a doctor, Lana. Or a lawyer."

"You have friends. Friends that could persuade Lionel Luthor to help Whitney."

Chloe almost laughed. "You think Clark and Pete can make Lionel Luthor— Lana, Clark barely knows him, and Pete doesn't know him at all. Are you high?"

"I think Mr. Cohen could persuade Mr. Luthor." There was something funny about Lana's eyes, something that made the hair on the back of Chloe's neck stand up. "He used to work for him, didn't he?"

"Lana, where are you getting this—"

"I read your article."

This chick was shifting gears so fast she was in danger of stripping her transmission. "My article?"

"About the meteorites causing mutations. All kinds of mutations."

Chloe knew this feeling. This was the same feeling she'd had listening to Clark talk about clones and bouncing bullets that night at the love shack. Damn, she hated that feeling. "Um…yeah?"

"You have a pink dress you've never worn hanging in your closet. It's beautiful."

Chloe blinked. "Ah…thank you?" Her voice sounded faint to her own ears; she was watching the soft, barely perceptible green shimmer in Lana's eyes.

"Lex Luthor is living at the old Wilson place."

Oh, shit. Oh, holyshitmotherofGod. 

"And…he's not. He's living in a country house closer to Metropolis. He's wearing a ring of meteorite stone."

Lana's eyes were far away, and her voice had become a sing-song little chant that was escalating the creep-out factor to critical mass. Chloe found her voice with difficulty. "Lex Luthor is hitting the clubs in Metropolis. Are you on something?"

"Mr. Cohen tried to kill you last month." Lana paused, coming back from wherever she had been, searching Chloe's face with something like desperation in her own. "And a few days later, you were having coffee with him in Lex's kitchen. Do you still want me to talk to my 'friends' about this, Chloe?"

Chloe pulled herself together. It took a few seconds, and she wasn't quite sure she'd found all the pieces, but it was enough to stammer out a few words. "Is that a rhetorical question?"

"If you don't help Whitney, he'll kill Clark." The words were bare, stark, devoid of emotion. Lana's face was a cipher. "He'll kill Pete, too. Mr. Cohen won't be there to stop him."

Chloe could count her heart beats in the silence that followed. "I'll be there," she heard herself saying. "Whitney's not going to kill anybody, because I'll fucking kick him in the nuts if he tries."

"You're already down."

Chloe rose to her feet, feeling for her stapler. It might not be a baseball bat, but it would leave a hell of a mark. "If this is how you ask for help, I'd hate to see you threaten somebody. Maybe I'll just call the sheriff and see what he thinks about this Bonnie and Clyde act you've got going with your psycho boyfriend."

Lana drew in a breath, her eyes flying wide open. "I'm not threatening you! I'm telling you what's going to happen if you don't undo whatever those people at Belle Rève did to Whitney! Please, Chloe, you're the only one who'll believe me!"

"And what if it can't be undone?"

Lana started crying. "Then a whole lot of people are going to die. A whole lot of people."

Chloe stared at her for a moment, then relented, and tossed her the Kleenex box. "Jesus. I should have let Dad send me to convent school."

***

"We're going to talk, Ross." Someone shoved Pete away from the drinking fountain, and he staggered back, swinging around to face the unidentified asshole.

"The hell?" Pete brushed the water from his shirt, glaring at Whitney Fordman, who leaned against the wall of the corridor as if he couldn't stand upright, getting curious stares from the kids who were just getting out of class. Christ, he smelled like he'd fallen into a vat of gin. "Aren't you supposed to be in jail or something?"

Pete turned away, but Whitney grabbed Pete's shoulder and turned him around. "My father's an important man in this town. You think Millar would hold me for a joy ride?"

"I think he'd hold you from stinking up the whole town," Pete snapped, fanning the air in front of his face. "Geez, go sleep it off, will you?"

"You've been stalking Lana again," Whitney rasped. "All my friends saw you."

"You have friends?" Pete shoved Whitney's hand away. "Come on, Fordman, how long are you going to play this game? I'm not stalking anybody. I talked to Lana. Lana is allowed to talk to anyone she wants."

"She's my girlfriend."

"She doesn't belong to you, Fordman. She's not, like, your property."

"She's mine, and no porch-monkey is taking her away from me. You keep up this stalking, Ross. Just keep it up, and she won't be pressing charges. There won't be enough left of you to put in jail."

"If anyone's being stalked here, it's me," Pete snapped. "You got a secret boy-crush on me or something? Cause every time I turn around, there you are."

Whitney's eyes widened. He straightened enough to pull back him arm, fist clenched, but before he could let fly with a blow, he was up against the lockers with his arm pinioned behind his back.

"No fighting in the halls, Whitney," Clark said in a calm tone, but Pete saw a red glow in his friend's eyes, and knew that Whitney had just come this close to becoming a human Slurpee. "Run along, now." He shoved Whitney in the direction of the nearest exit.

Whitney favored Clark with a lethal stare, refusing to budge. He leaned forward to speak quietly. "Your day's coming, Clark. You just don't know it yet. Your day's coming, and you are your little friends are going to be meat on a stick when he's through with you."

What the fucking hell? Pete shot a look at Clark, who looked as if he'd seen a ghost. "When who's through?" Pete demanded.

"Ask Clark. He knows. He…" Whitney trailed off, his expression softening, his eyes losing their focus. "You have to help me," he whispered. "Clark, you have to help me."

"Whitney?" Obviously shaken, Clark reached out to touch Whitney's arm. "What's wrong?"

Whitney's eyes snapped back into focus, and he slapped Clark's hand away. "Don't touch me, you fucking fag. Wait until Jonathan hears about his boy going fag. Just wait." Whitney swung away and fairly ran down the hall, disappearing from sight.

"Jesus Christ," Pete muttered, thoroughly rattled. "What the hell was that?

Clark swallowed hard. "That was things getting worse."

"Fuckin' hell, Clark. That's not just booze talking. That's something else, something—"

"Yeah. I know."

Pete sighed. Obviously Clark wasn't in the mood to share. "Thanks. For the rescue."

Clark gave him a sour look. "Still think Whitney's a joke?"

Pete grimaced. "Fine. He's not a joke."

"And?"

"Jealous guys do crazy things."

"And?"

"I'm a dumbass."

"Bingo."

Pete shot Clark a disgusted look as he turned toward the cafeteria. "Heroes aren't supposed to say I told you so, Clark."

Clark rolled his eyes as he fell into step beside him. "Guess it's a good thing I'm not a hero, then, isn't it?"

Pete lowered his voice. "Have you told A.J. about Whitney and your allergy?" Clark grimaced, but Pete persisted. Somebody had to pound some life management skills into this guy's head. "Clark, you just slammed the guy into some lockers. I mean, I appreciate you painting a target on your back and everything, but a little of that goes a long way, you know?"

"I wasn't the one making a target of himself," Clark retorted.

"He knows about your allergy, and he's going completely psycho. He's told someone about you once already. If he gets pissed off enough, or crazy enough, he might tell somebody else." Pete glanced around, but the hallway was almost empty. "For God's sake, Clark. Tell A.J., so he can do something about it."

"No."

"Then tell Lugosi."

"Eli will tell Lex."

"Jesus, Clark—"

"Lex said he'd kill him. Whoever it was." Clark took a deep breath. "I think he might mean it. He might wind up in prison. He might wind up dead. He might wind up hating himself for the rest of his life. It's not worth it."

Pete made a disgusted sound. "You're mental."

Clark's face went grim, and his voice dropped to an appalled mutter. "You can't seriously want Whitney dead."

Pete managed not to tell the idiot just how much he didn't care about Whitney's health or where Asshole Junior wound up. "Who said anything about dead? A.J. can just have Lugosi keep an eye on him, that's all."

"Drop it, Pete. I'm not going to risk it. Lex is never going to know. Just get it through your head."

"So you don't trust him." Maybe Clark wasn't as far gone as he'd thought.

Clark ground to a halt and stared at him with an incredulous expression. Aw, Jesus God. The goo-goo eyes. He could just see the goo-goo eyes. "Don't trust him? I trust him with my life. I trust him with my family's lives. I trust him with your life, you asshole."

Pete snorted. "Yeah, yeah, I know. Because you loooooove him."

Clark flushed. "Because he's the best man I know. You are totally clueless. Someday you're going to find out how wrong you are, and you're going to feel like a smacked ass. Or worse."

Pete sighed. There just wasn't enough brain tissue to work with. "Calm down. If you trust him, you can tell him. That's all I'm saying."

Clark stared at him blankly. 

Pete lost it. "Jesus, we're talking about your life here, Clark! For once, can't you at least pretend you weren't repeatedly dropped on your head when you were born?"

"Remind me why I don't drop you on yours." To Pete's astonishment, Clark made an abrupt turn and started striding away. He was heading toward the exit.

Pete turned to watch him, aghast. Christ. Now what? "Where the hell are you going?"

"To visit a sick friend." Clark shoved open the door and disappeared into what was becoming an all-too-familiar blur.

Pete turned toward the cafeteria, muttering under his breath. His two best friends had gone totally bugshit, and it was only a matter of time before he hugged the bug himself. "Kill me. Kill me now."

***

"Houston, we have a problem."

Eli sighed, grateful for the privacy of the school's tool shed. "Miss Sullivan, you must cultivate brevity. It is highly desirable in both verse and prose, and essential in conversation."

"Lana Lang is psychic, she knows there are two Lexes, and she says Whitney Fordman is going to kill Clark and Pete."

Eli felt his stomach roll over as he counted to ten. Always it grew worse, this situation. It defied statistical probability. It was expected, of course, that things should get worse before they got better, but better was evidently on vacation on the peak of Everest, or at the bottom of the Mariana Trench. It was possible that Max was right, and the cognac should come first. He sighed into the cell phone. "Miss Sullivan—"

"Oh. Too brief for you?"

"You are trying my patience."

"It's a meteorite mutation. She's seeing visions. She knows Lex is living at the Wilson place. She saw us there, too."

"Miss Sullivan—" 

"Did you know that Whitney's been working at Belle Rève on the weekends for months now?"

Eli stiffened. So. Belle Rève was Mr. Fordman's mystery employer. That Fordman and Cole were both employed by Lionel Luthor's den of nightmares could not be coincidence.

"She says Whitney was volunteering in some sort of clinical trial at Belle Rève, that they fried his brain, and she wants your help to get it un-fried or a lot of people are going to die."

Another preposterous threat. Another security risk. Another innocent who knew too much. Eli started counting again.

"She knows about what-we-don't-talk-about, too."

Better was a myth. There was no better. There was only worse. He must embrace this concept if he were to function in this preposterous world Lionel Luthor had created.

"And she's seen the dress I'm wearing to the formal! Do you believe she has visions about my closet? My closet! I mean, is that Lana Lang, or what?"

"I trust you did not confirm these fantasies."

"Of course not! I told her that she shouldn't tell anyone else about it. That she couldn't trust everything these radiation-induced visions showed her, and not to freak out. She calmed down a little. But that won't last long. She's dead set on saving her boyfriend, and she thinks you can do it. Sooner or later—"

"Miss Lang will have to be dealt with. Yes, thank you, Miss Sullivan, I have surmised that much."

"No guns, Mr. Cohen. I will have Clark turn your eyeballs inside out if there are guns, got it? Even if she has seen my formal dress."

Eli wondered briefly if the cricket had the ability to turn eyeballs inside out. He would ask at the first opportunity; such a thing could be quite useful. "We will discuss this matter this evening. Miss Lang may have to be taken into the fold."

"Mr. Cohen?"

"Yes?"

"She's really scared."

Eli sighed. "Then she is a very sensible young woman."

***

Clark lay on Lex's bed, staring up at the stars. He was missing lunch. He'd probably be missing his last three classes, too. There'd be hell to pay. He didn't care.

He could still hear the soft voices in Pamela's room. Lex was probably still reading. Clark wondered if Lex would ever want to read aloud again after this, and how much Clark would miss it. He wondered how bad Pamela was today. He wondered how bad Lex would be. If he had told Lex about Whitney three weeks ago, at least he wouldn't be dumping it on him when he was at his breaking point. Could he have chosen a worse time to be pulling this shit? Maybe he should hold off for a while. What Lex had to face every day was too much for anybody to take, even a guy as strong as Lex. Julian. Lionel. Karloff. Pamela. Clark wondered for the millionth time in the past five months how Lex kept from going completely nuts. 

Clark sat upright at the sound of a door closing, and listened to the sound of Lex's unmistakable stride as he moved down the hall and toward the staircase. Good. He was coming up. If Lex had headed for the storm cellar or the bathroom it would have been a really bad sign. The stride grew markedly uneven as Lex climbed the steps, though, and Clark sprang off the bed in alarm. Bolting to the staircase, he managed to catch Lex as he tripped over the last step, nearly winding up on his face. Clark eased them both into a sitting position on the floor and wrapped his arms around him. 

Now he knew how bad Pamela was today.

"Catching me again," Lex muttered, lowering his forehead to Clark's shoulder.

"Always," Clark murmured, cocooning himself around Lex.

"You shouldn't be here." 

Clark sighed. "Yeah, right. I should be in the caf eating meatloaf."

"Yes."

"Because that's part of Clark's Normal Life?" .

"Yes," Lex whispered, drawing his arms around Clark's waist.

"So are you."

"Clark—"

"You're more important than meatloaf, Lex. Deal with it."

Lex uttered something like a laugh.

"You don't have to say anything if you don't want. But I'm not going anywhere for a while." Clark lowered his head enough to lay his cheek against Lex's.

Lex was silent for all of five seconds. "I love you," he said.

Clark nuzzled him gently, aching at the desperation in that voice.

"Although the insipidity of the statement boggles my mind."

Clark couldn't restrain a chuckle. "I'll take insipid, Lex. Insipid is just fine."

"I don't have a word for what you are for me. I keep looking for one, but I have to confess that the project has thus far met with abject failure."

Clark's chuckle became laughter. "Lex, for God's sake."

"'I love you' is as trite and hackneyed an expression as is possible to imagine."

"The reason it's trite and hackneyed is that it says it all."

Lex fell silent again. "I don't say it enough," he said finally.

"You don't have to say it," Clark whispered. "You live it."

"I don't live it enough, either."

"Uh-huh."

"There's a lot you don't know."

Clark sighed. That's it, Lex. Make me feel more like a shit than I do already.

Lex lifted his head. "I lied to you this morning."

"Lied?" Clark searched his face, startled.

"There's more."

"Oh." Clark relaxed. Lex couldn't really think he had fallen for that. "Yeah, I figured there was. There's stuff you don't know, too."

"Yes." Lex studied him with a hint of a wry smile. "I figured there was."

So Lex hadn't fallen for that, either. "I'm sorry, Lex. I'm more of a jerk every day."

"We all have our talents."

"I was just afraid of what might happen to you."

"I see." Lex's gaze became painfully sharp. "Would this as yet unrevealed information have any bearing on your safety, Clark?"

Clark squirmed inwardly, beginning to understand why Lex constantly freaked over being known too well. "I don't think so. But Pete does."

"Pete does?" Clark could feel the tension building in Lex's muscles, putting the lie to his calm expression. "Despite our differences, I have a healthy respect for Pete's opinions when it comes to keeping you alive. I think you'd better tell me."

"Promise me you won't do anything crazy, Lex."

Lex raised an eyebrow. "I make no such assurances. Spill it."

Clark drew an unsteady breath. "I know who told Nixon about my allergy."

Lex's eyes widened, lips parting in a few moments of un-Lexlike speechlessness. "Oh, is that all," he snapped, going pink all over. Pink was bad. "That minor detail."

"I'm sorry, Lex." Clark took Lex by the shoulders, afraid for one second that he might walk out. "It's just…you said over and over you would kill him."

Lex's jaw was set at a dangerous angle. "I was unaware that my murderous impulses had made such an impression."

"You don't have murderous impulses! You freak out whenever you think I'm in trouble. AndAnd then you do the stupidest things I've ever seen anybody do."

"Are we exploring the concept of black shame today, Jiminy?"

"Is it black shame that stirs up your death wish?"

"My death wish doesn't require stirring up. It's operational 24/7."

"Like the drive-through window at Burger King?" 

"You're going to tell me who this bastard is."

Clark closed his eyes. Lex was already looking like he was on a mission. "It's…it's Whitney."

Silence. "Whitney."

"Yes."

"Whitney Fordman."

"Yes."

"The prick who hung you up in a field to die. We are talking about the same Whitney Fordman, aren't we, Clark?"

Clark sighed, opening his eyes. Lex had gone magenta. God, he was pissed. "Lex—"

"Because it would be painfully obvious to anyone with half a frontal lobe and a molecule of instinct for self-preservation that this is a major threat to your continued existence."

"It isn't."

"I refuse to believe that this is an accurate description of your cognitive state. Obviously we're talking about someone else."

"Breathe, Lex. You're starting to sound like Pete."

"Insults are highly unwise at this juncture. How long have you known this?"

Clark cleared his throat. "Since Pete and Chloe came to the house."

Silence again, and that sharp ice-blue gaze searching Clark's face for God only knew what. Oh, yeah. He was in deep shit now.

"Three weeks."

"Yes." Clark flinched at the meek tone of his voice and cleared his throat again.

"You've known about this for three weeks." Lex was rapidly losing his rather flamboyant color. "Jesus Christ, Clark!" Tearing away from Clark's embrace, Lex staggered to his feet and strode to the night stand to snatch up his cell phone.

Clark hauled himself up and followed him. "No. Lex, don't. It's all right. It's been six months. If he hasn't told anybody else in all that time, then he's not going to." Clark wondered if he really believed what he was saying at this point.

Lex shot him a furious look as he dialed. "How the hell do you know he hasn't told anyone else? How do you know who he'll tell next? Or when he'll get an itch to hold a meteorite to your chest like our friend Roger and watch you die by inches?"

"That isn't going to hap—"

Lex held up an imperious hand for silence, and Clark could hear Eli over the phone.

"I am planting pansies, Alexander."

"Eli—"

"It is a very demanding discipline requiring my full attention."

"Whitney Fordman knows about Clark's allergy." Eli was ominously silent, but Lex continued as if ominous was just what he wanted. "He's to be placed under constant surveillance."

"You are certain of your facts?" Eli's voice was low and grim.

Lex shot Clark a demanding look, eyebrows raised.

"Pete was there when it happened," Clark said wearily. "Whitney was joking, Lex."

Lex grimaced, obviously not appreciating Whitney's sense of humor. "I'm certain. I want—"

"Sasha. Mr. Fordman has been under surveillance for some time. What I have observed thus far has been reason for concern. What you tell me now is reason for alarm. Measures may be required."

Clark, unable to stand any more, snatched the phone from Lex's hand. "There aren't going to be any measures, Eli. Do you hear me?"

Lex grabbed for the phone, and Clark seized his wrist. Lex froze, eyes narrowing, but made no effort to free himself.

"An octopus could hear you. Kindly lower your chirp, cricket."

"Fuck my chirp. Do I have to remind you what happened the last time you started talking about—"

"You do not." Eli's tone was sharp.

"Then count to ten."

"I count to ten twenty times a day. And every time I do so the security situation grows more untenable. The efficacy of this strategy eludes me."

"Clark," Lex said quietly. "Give me the phone."

Clark handed it back to him, numb. This was worse than he had ever imagined. No matter what he did, it was wrong. Pete was right. He must have been dropped on his head. Repeatedly.

"No measures, Eli." Lex's gaze was locked on Clark's face. He had gone alarmingly pale. "Just keep an eye on him."

Clark realized that he was holding Lex's wrist much too tightly and let go, horrified. He ran his fingers over the wrist, scanning it for any sign of injury, but Lex took his hand, weaving his fingers through Clark's and pressing their palms together reassuringly. Clark blinked a few times. He'd made Lex prove himself again. Again, for God's sake. Clark pulled Lex closer and slipped his free arm around Lex's waist. Lex gave him an odd little half-smile.

"Sasha. There is much you do not know."

Lex cast his gaze heavenward for a second. "I don't doubt it for a moment. It's become a recurring theme. We can talk later."

"It will be a long talk."

"I'll bring a pillow. Do me a favor, though, and forget the pansies."

"Do not insult me. My pansies are very conveniently situated. Mr. Fordman is in plain view."

Lex closed his eyes and swallowed visibly. "Uncle. Sometimes I forget that Clark is in very good hands."

"He is in all our hands, Sasha. We will not let him fall."

Clark gave up and rested his head against Lex's. There was absolutely no doubt that Clark Kent was lower than whale shit.

"Thank you," Lex whispered.

"Despite his asinine behavior. Kindly tell him to be more discreet in his choice of launch sites."

Clark couldn't restrain a groan. 

Lex sighed. "Later, Eli." He pressed the call button and tossed the phone onto the bed. "Launch sites, Clark."

"I was in a hurry," Clark mumbled into Lex's ear.

"To come here."

"I had to tell you. No matter what. Not just about Whitney, but about everything that's happened today. There's so much I have to tell you. Pete said…if you trust him, you can tell him. He was right."

Lex pulled back to stare at Clark, clearly astonished. "I take it Pete forgot his medication this morning."

"He was right," Clark repeated, ignoring the bait. "I've spent the past three weeks telling you I trust you and all the time I was holding out on you. And Whitney has been getting crazier and crazier the whole time. I'm an asshole, Lex."

Lex studied him with a somber expression and said nothing.

Clark forged ahead. "I know this is the worst possible time for me to start being honest."

"No," Lex said quietly. "It's the best possible time."

"And I know I've only made things harder for you, but once I got what I jerk I was, I couldn't let it go. Especially not after this morning."

"This morning?"

"You set the bar so damn high."

Lex stared at him for a moment, then drew a shaky breath. "Clark. I haven't set the bar high. You have no idea how low my bar is set right now."

"Aw, Lex."

"You set the bar in this partnership."

"I don't—"

"I depend on you to set the bar. I don't know how to do that. I'll probably never know."

"You do. You just don't believe—"

"Promise me you'll keep setting the bar." Lex's voice went raspy.

"I'll try," Clark whispered, reaching out to touch Lex's face. "Lex. If there's something you need to tell me—"

"There is. And for God's sake, promise me you'll stay away from that fucking sadist." 

"We don't exactly hang out, Lex."

"Clark." Lex's voice broke.

"I'll stay away from him. I will."

Clark wrapped his arms around Lex and lowered him to the bed, spooning up behind him. The Whitney weirdness could wait. Whatever Lex hadn't told him could wait. Because Lex was closer to the edge right now than Clark could stand him to be, and so was he, and it was all too much, and it could all just fucking wait. Clark closed his eyes, holding Lex tightly, and lay still until Lex relaxed against him and his own eyes drifted shut.