Title: Kissing a Stranger Pt 1




Summary: Kissing a Stranger Pt 1




Keywords: erotic






The music drowned out everything but shouting, the beat thumping through Ariellas body and into the booth. It didnt matter if she couldnt hear anyone talking, because there was no one to talk to her. Jonathan, her date for the evening, had stood her up again. They had been out several times over the last three weeks, but the last two dates they planned, he was a no show.

Ariella scanned the crowd again, first at the bar, in the middle of the seating area, and then down onto the dance floor. Bodies writhed together to the beat of the music and people shouted their orders at the bartender, but she did not spot her date. Frustration was the least of what she was feeling. Humiliation was burning her face, turning it red with shame. Why had she given him another chance? If someone had done her like that back in college, she would have been on to the next date before the old one could call with a lame excuse as to why he had stood her up. Not that she prone to jumping into bed with random guys for revenge, but she was not one to wait on someone who showed no interest.

She was older now, twenty six, and what she wanted out of life had changed. She no longer wanted one night stands or a flavor of the week. Ariella craved connection, a deep, meaningful interaction with another person. That is the reason she had given Jonathan another chance. 

Ariella thought she had sensed a hardness to him, but he had been nothing but a gentleman to her and she had started to develop real feelings for him. Not to mention, his sculpted muscles and short cropped, blonde hair had been a bonus. She had thought that he was the whole package. Looking around the club, she couldnt help but think that she had been wrong.

She drained the beer in her glass and decided to have a good time and deal with him later. If there was a later for him. Ariella eased out of the booth, her dress clinging to the leather, and smoothed down the wrinkles with her hands. Her dress was red, a deep crimson that, according to her girlfriends, showed off just the right amount of cleavage and ass. It ended just above her mid thigh, and her bust was accentuated by strapless, tight clinging top. In her opinion, it was almost too tight to breath in. She only wore it when she wanted her dates attention on her body.

Ariella went to the bar and shouted her order of two shots to the bartender. A few moments later her drinks appeared in front of her. She slammed them back, one after the other, a fiery sensation spreading out from her core to every inch of her body. Her humiliation and frustration melted away and was replaced by courage and an almost carnal desire to be lusted after.

The beat no longer moved through her and out, but into her, moving her body to the sound of the beat. The music was moving her of its own will. Ariella was heedless of who she touched or rubbed against. Everyone around her was her dance partner. Soon, a small circle had opened around her as the people dancing nearest her turned to watch the show she was putting on.

She suddenly became aware of eyes on her and stopped dancing. Ariella blushed in embarrassment. What had she been doing to draw everyones attention to her like that? Just before she started to leave, the crowd parted and an attractive red head walked into the circle. Her hair fell down to her shoulder, brushing the tops of her thin, black dress straps. Ariellas eyes followed her curves down her body, her breast squeezed together and brought up to create deep, pale cleavage that had drawn more than just Ariellas attention. Her waist swept out into hips that were stretching the fabric to its limits. Her black, nearly shear dress ended just below the curve of her hips and the swell of her ass.

Ariella looked into the womans eyes, a deep green that she felt herself be drawn into. The woman walked up to her and began running her hands up Ariellas sides, across her chest and back down her arms. She laced their fingers together and began dancing as she pulled Ariella toward her. Ariella stepped in closer to her and felt the womans hips and thighs grinding on hers. Without thinking, she began to dance against the woman, laying her arms on her shoulders. The new comer was now dancing with her hands behind her head, gripping Ariellas hands tight so she couldnt let go. Their faces were just inches from one another. Ariella could feel the other womans breath on her neck, could almost imagine her lips, the softness of her kiss and the caress that would follow.

Ariella closed her eyes and imagined what it would be like to be with a woman. She had never done anything more than kiss another woman. In her wild college days she had concentrated on men and had never wanted to experiment. She felt now like she had missed out on the softer sex. The womans hand were soft but firm in hers, their bodies rubbing together, exciting in the way only something forbidden could be.
Ariellas eyes shot open as she felt the lips touch her skin, first on her chest, then moving up to her neck. She realized that no one had continued to dance, now most of the club was staring as her and her new friend. Ariella felt her arousal building, causing her to drip wetness into her thong. Then the lips found hers, and her world melted. She no longer cared about the people in the club or what anyone would think. Hesitating at first, almost pulling back on instinct, the longer the embrace lasted, the deeper into it she fell. Her hands found release from their captors and buried themselves into the silky red hair that fell onto her arms. Ariella caressed the other womans scalp, tangling her fingertips in her hair as she came to the edge of orgasm. She felt hands exploring her curves, running over her hips, grabbing her ass to the cheers of the crowd. One hand began slipping its way up her inner thigh, to the bottom hem of her dress, raising it ever so slightly. Fingertips brushed her sex and she exploded in an orgasm. Out of reflex, she bit her dance partners lip, stifling a scream. Her knees buckled and the only thing to keep her from falling to the floor was the support of the other woman. Ariellas breath caught in her throat, and she was unable to move for long moments as the waves of pleasure washed over her, broke on her like the surf on a beach. She jerked every time her pussy clenched.

She could hear cheering and clapping, but they were coming from far off, a distance that she didnt understand. Her head began to clear and it became apparent that the sound was coming from all around her. With a suddenly clarity, not even the alcohol clouding her mind anymore, her eyes snapped open. The crowd was yelling, in a frenzy almost. The people around her looked feral, like they didnt belong to society but had been raised by animals.

I didnt even touch you yet, and you came for me, the woman whispered with her lips brushing Ariellas ear. Her knees became weak again and she felt another wave of pleasure threaten to take over her body. Ariella could feel the smile through the lips grazing her ear. You are coming home with me.

The woman took her by the hand and began to lead her off the dance floor. The crowd realized all at once what was happening and began to boo with the same fervor they had just been cheering with. As she was lead toward the exit, hands began to grasp at her. Both male and female alike were pulling at her, trying to pull her back. The hands grabbing at her were heedless of what part of her body they caught on. Her stockings ripped and she nearly lost her balance while parts of her dress were torn. The weight of the crowd pushed into her back and she could feel some hands fondling her breast, trying to tear them out of her dress. 

Lust filled the faces that came into Ariellas view. Her dance partner never let go of her hand and continued to pull her forward. The woman mounted the stairs and looked back over the crowd. A sense of malevolence washed over the room and everyone fell silent at once, sensing the threat coming from her. The music stopped as all eyes were on the fiery haired beauty standing above Ariella. For a moment Ariella glimpsed a predatory presence in the woman, but it vanished with a smile down at her. She bent and kissed Ariella again, pushing her tongue into her mouth, bending over her, forcing Ariella to lean her head back. She broke the kiss and saliva trailed from the end of her tongue to Ariellas lips. The crowd yelled so suddenly that Ariella jumped. Her friend turned and gently tugged on her hand.

I dont know your name, Ariella gasped, as they exited the club and were suddenly plunged into almost complete and deafening silence.

You may call me Ilara.



to be continued....


pics---->> http://bit.ly/1QdQXsD
