Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 26 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mfff, ff, toys, anal, oral, exhib
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
Somehow I ended up screwing my foster-sister Anna as well 
as two of her friends, Hailey and Rosalie; somehow we all 
fell in love.

Though things have fallen to pieces around us with our 
respective parents finding out what has been going on, I 
think I've been able to keep the girls safe while I have 
to leave for at least a while.

Ma and Doug have left us alone in the house for my final 
few hours knowing that we are likely to all have sex of 
one sort or another.  I'd taken Rosalie to my room where 
we had finished up exhausted and Anna had taken Hailey to 
her room to show Hailey her little toy.

*********************************************************

"Roger brought it somehow.  I haven't really had to use 
it very often because he kept visiting but there are some 
advantages to having my own little penis available 
whenever I want it."

Hailey turned it in her hands and Anna indicated she 
should turn it on.  The base swivelled, providing both an 
on/off switch and a speed control.  In the quiet house it 
sounded like she was revving a motorbike.

"It's not quite as noisy as it seems now and even that is 
muffled if you slip it up inside you."

"What is it like?"

"Oh, I want you to find that out for yourself.  It is 
quite lovely though."

Hailey wasn't reluctant to try it, just reluctant to use 
it on herself.  Making love with Anna wasn't the same as 
masturbating in front of her.

Anna climbed up onto the end of her bed though and 
directed Hailey to lie down with her head on the pillow.

"Let's get these off of you."

Hailey's jeans - her only pair now - were soon removed 
and Anna eased the panties down Hailey's legs while 
keeping her eyes on the patch they had been covering.

"I love the way your hair looks.  It's so neat and 
feathery where mine is a thick mass of curls."

"Yours is softer though.  Like a mattress - which is 
good."

"Rosalee's is soft too."

"I think she might be the nicest to eat as well."

"I wonder which Roger prefers."

"Fur or taste?"

"Fur.  I can't do anything about taste other than keep 
clean but if he wanted me to have a trim I wouldn't 
mind."

"I think he likes you as you are now.  He hasn't said 
anything to make you think any different has he?"

"No."  Anna rubbed her fingers over Hailey's triangle and 
then followed the wisps of hair onto her wide lips.

"He doesn't compare us at all," she mused, "but he must 
prefer one thing over another."

Hailey lifted her hips to increase Anna's touch and Anna 
responded with an exploring finger.

"Nice.  I guess he doesn't want to upset us but we 
haven't been making him miss out on anything.  You might 
prefer Coke but you still enjoy a milkshake.  No-one has 
actually been making him drink water have they?"

"Well that would only be spiting ourselves."

Anna picked up the vibrator and, with it still switched 
off, rubbed it against Hailey in place of her fingers.

"Is that okay?"

"Yes but your fingers were nicer."

"How about now?"  Anna turned the toy on and Hailey 
immediately felt the tingles go through her as Anna 
applied it to the surface of her pussy.

"Much better."

"Want me to try it inside you?"

"Yes please."

The transition was rather disappointing as Hailey found 
her cunt was less sensitive to the plastic shiver.  As 
Anna left it in place though things began to change and 
the vibrations began to resonate inside her pelvic 
region.  Now, as Anna's fingers caressed her on the 
outside, the pressure seemed to build from deep inside 
her as well.

"Hold onto this for a minute."  Anna pulled Hailey's hand 
onto the bump that was all that protruded from her body.

Hailey wriggled it a little, finding where things felt 
nicest.

"That's right.  I like to press it away from me when it's 
about half way in."

Hailey tried it.  Anna was right - though it did need 
just a little more.  Hailey rubbed her breast with her 
free hand and cursed her bra.

The minute was up - a couple of minutes earlier - and 
Anna hadn't re-taken control.  Hailey looked up from the 
pillow and saw her friend with her panties pushed to one 
side.  Anna was busily burying her fingers in her own 
pussy as she watched Hailey.

"Enjoying yourself?"

Anna grinned.  "I liked watching you.  You're very sexy."

"Pity this thing hasn't got two pointy ends.  We could 
play slick clits with it buzzing inside both of us."

"I like it!  I don't think we could rub together properly 
while we are joined but if you don't mind me trying we 
might be able to get some way there."

"Please do.  You know I'm game for more fun."

Anna stood and peeled off her panties.  Two seconds later 
she was sliding her legs between Hailey's - interlocking 
scissors with pussies rapidly approaching.

Anna couldn't get the vibrator to slide into her and 
trying to pressed it uncomfortably deeper into Hailey.

"I think it needs to be in me first," she decided.

Anna moved away and pulled the now slippery device from 
her friend's body.

"Oh!  You notice it when it is gone.  Just like Roger.  
Oh!  I guess we will notice him gone too."

"Give me a sec and I'll fill you up again."

Hailey watched Anna turn the vibrator around and plunge 
it into her own cunt to at least temporarily expand 
herself.  Then she wriggled the blunt end inside her 
making the volume go up and down as Anna bumped the 
controls.  The two girls couldn't help but laugh.

"Don't take the top off or we'll have a bugger of a job 
getting it out.  You're probably wet enough to short out 
the batteries as well."

Anna was determined to get the vibrator in place and 
working so she could fuck the smile off of Hailey's face 
and hopefully replace it with an even bigger one.

"There!  It's in and running."

Anna turned what was left of the toy and tried to grip it 
with muscles not accustomed to obeying that sort of 
command.  Trial and error allowed her to boost the speed 
- and Anna determined she would practise that technique 
so that when I visited she could stop me leaving again.

The vibrator was at an unusual angle if Anna had intended 
to use the Missionary position but quite appropriate for 
what the two girls had in mind if not quite the available 
length either girl had grown accustomed to.

Anna pulled it out a little way and guided the pointed 
stub back to Hailey's opening and carefully pushed it in.

"That okay?"

"Wonderful?  Your end?"

"We need something larger.  Size might not matter but 
it's bloody hard to keep hold of it!"

Size didn't matter since the vibrator was affecting the 
clit tissue that surrounded their cunts and was close 
enough to stimulate the g-spots just inside.  The rest of 
their cunts were satisfied with the rumblings that spread 
through their bodies and wouldn't have added much further 
pleasure unless the object had been wide enough to 
stretch as well.

The very top of Hailey's thigh rubbed against Anna's clit 
and Anna's thigh rubbed against Hailey's.  The vibrator 
did spoil the sort of rushed violence they perpetrated 
against one another when it was slippery body parts in 
low-friction collision.  Because it pushed awkwardly they 
had to keep their movements gentler - especially when 
Hailey managed to grip with her vaginal muscles and 
fucked Anna, blunt end first.  The vibrations were nice 
but the object just wasn't designed to be shared in that 
manner.

"Time out," called Anna.  She relaxed as best as she 
could and moved away from Hailey.  The vibrator edged out 
of both of them; a little from Anna, some more from 
Hailey, then a little more from Anna again.

Hailey reached between them and held it in place while 
Anna slid off.

"Wow!"

"It opens up more possibilities."

"If I can have it, we'll try one more."

"Here then Sweetheart."

"I really love you Hailey."

"Yeah well I wouldn't be here if I didn't love you right 
back. 

Which was literally true.  Without the bisexual nature of 
her sexual experience her parents would probably only 
have grounded her.  Hailey couldn't imagine why anyone 
would want to miss out on this pleasure let alone condemn 
it.

Anna pressed their pussies together and writhed against 
Hailey for a few seconds so they were both wet then she 
retreated just far enough to allow her to slide the 
vibrator sideways between them.  They couldn't touch 
clits this way but they could rub them along the side of 
the vibrator using whatever pressure they could 
withstand.  Of course they imposed that pressure on the 
other girl as well so it was just as much a game of slick 
clit as the less mechanical version.

The feelings produced were intense.  So strong that 
neither could withstand them and both began jerking on 
the bed.  Spasms took control of their bodies and words 
were impossible until exhaustion forced them apart.  
Neither knew if it was a single long orgasm or one 
starting immediately after - or even before - another 
finished.

Anna pulled the vibrator out from between them and just 
dropped it, still buzzing, on the floor.  She could 
always buy new batteries - if she ever got the strength 
to even get up.

Hailey crawled around, pillows ignored under their ankles 
as they kissed and wept for joy.  Then Hailey rested 
against Anne's shoulder - and copied me.

---

Rosalee was the first to get up.  She had eased me off of 
her after a while, my weight being too much of an 
imposition for more than a few minutes.  I settled back 
down against her and she played with my fringe for a 
little while before deciding she had to get up.  She 
quietly closed the door behind me.

Leaving the bathroom, she listened at Anna's door but all 
was quiet.

"Must be downstairs."

Rosalee had pulled the remains of her top down but hadn't 
picked up a clean pair of panties.  It was rather 
exciting to walk around the house bare-assed (in any 
house true, but another persons!) and it was only because 
she knew Ma had been going out almost immediately after 
we had started that allowed her to dare do so.

Even so she listened carefully for any voices or other 
noise as she crept bent over down the stairs.  There was 
nothing.

"Hello?"

No reply.

Emboldened, Rosalee decided Hailey and Anna must have 
been in Anna's room after all.  She would pop back and 
check what they were up to but first she would grab a 
drink.  Finding things wasn't too hard  - the glasses 
from breakfast were drying in a rack on the sink and the 
refrigerator was well stocked.

Rosalee straightened and closed the door with a bottle of 
juice in her hand.

"Awk!"

If Brent had choked before, he was ready to pass out at 
the sight of his new housemate standing before him naked 
for the most part - and what wasn't bare, and in full 
view, was barely hidden.

"Oops.  Sorry."

Rosalee opened the refrigerator again and stood behind 
the door.

"No. No, that's quite all right, really.  Just, 
unexpected."

"Really?  So you won't mind if I...?"  Rosalee pretended 
to come out again.

"Er,..." Brent looked around.  "Where is everyone?"

"Upstairs, I think.  I was about to check."

"Erm, Not that I mind, but is this going to be a regular 
occurrence now you are staying here?"

Rosalee decided to tease him some more.  She closed the 
door and turned to get a glass.  He had said he didn't 
mind, after all!

"I doubt it.  I don't think your parents would really 
want me wandering around like this.  Want a drink?"

"No thanks."

Rosalee put the bottle back in the fridge and, after a 
short streak to the refuge provided by the table, sat 
down where Brent could only see her odd shirt.

"And you and Anna...?"

"Yes, me and Anna."

Brent didn't know what to say.

"And me and Hailey, and  Anna and Hailey, and me and Anna 
and Hailey, and Roger and me, and Roger and me and An..."

"I get it.  I don't believe it but I get it.  I 
especially don't believe about my parents being so okay."

"So how come *YOU* don't have someone yet or is that 
personal?"

"Not really.  Just got to concentrate on college and 
haven't come across anyone who is both available and 
interested at present.  There's time."

"Yet *WE* seem to find there is no time to waste."

"Hello."

Rosalee and Brent turned to find Anna standing at the 
entrance to the kitchen.

"Hi there.  I had a cancelled class so I came home to 
drop my books off and take off to the gym for a while.  I 
have to admit though, I'm tempted to hang around and see 
if there are any more surprises."

"Surprises?"

Brent pointed at Rosalee.

"I didn't think anyone was around."

Rosalee stood up long enough for Anna to see what her 
brother meant and then sat down again.  With Brent 
standing behind her, Anna lifted her skirt to show 
Rosalee that she too had less on than she should have.

"That was more than I needed to see," objected Brent.

"Oops.  I didn't think you would notice."

"Well I did.  I hope if I go up to my room I'm not going 
to see the others as well."

"They're resting," Anna assured him.  "How long are you 
going to be at the gym?"

"I'll make sure I phone."

"Thanks."

He grinned.  "Seriously, if you do surprise me at 
anytime, you don't have to get all embarrassed.  I might 
look and appreciate the view but I'll behave - and I 
won't mention it to Ma or Dad."

"Thanks Brent."

"Yeah.  We are going to have to have a talk at some stage 
Sis - you have definitely got to tell me how all this 
happened one day."

Brent headed up to his room and Anna sat on the table 
with Rosalee making room for Anna to have a leg on either 
side of her body.

"You wear Roger out?"

"I had such a lovely time."

"Hailey is recovering as well.  I think they got even 
less sleep than us."

Rosalee put her hands under Anna's skirt and grabbed her 
ass cheeks.  "I enjoyed what we did - and really enjoyed 
what Roger did for me."

"I wish I'd seen it."

"You want to wake him up and see if he can take care of 
you?"

"I want to - I guess I need to recover a little myself 
first."

"Come here then.  Let me show you how much I love what 
you've done for me."

Rosalee pulled Anna off the table and onto her lap.  The 
table got pushed back and Anna's bare legs fitted nicely 
against Rosalee's own bare legs.  Since both girls were 
fit and their legs well developed by a couple of years 
running around a soccer pitch Anna had to spread her legs 
wide to fit each side of Rosalee's lap.  They kissed as 
they hugged.

"Love your top."

"Roger did a good job of trimming off what wasn't 
needed."

"And the rest."

"You don't like Slutty?"

"On you it looks great - especially without the 
knickers."

"Good thing it was your brother and not your dad - *HE* 
was ready to have a heart attack!"

"I don't mind the idea of giving either of them a shake 
up but Dad's still getting over me being in bed with 
Roger.  Actually I don't think he'll ever get over that.  
Roger had his underwear on back the front and I was 
scrambling for my clothes under the covers!"

The were still laughing and kissing when Brent came back 
down.

"Right I'm - Oh hell!  Do you know what it is going to me 
like for me at the gym now?  Thinking about the sight of 
two girls kissing in our kitchen; knowing both are only 
half-dressed *AND* to have to deal with the fact one of 
them was my sister!"

"Would you rather I got Hailey to take my place?  She was 
only half-dressed as well when I left her." 

"You can be a real bitch Anna."  Brent was smiling 
though.  "I'm almost tempted to take you up on that but I 
wouldn't be able to go near the gym."

"If there are ladies around it might make you popular."

"If there are ladies around it might get me tossed out.  
I'll be heading out afterwards so you needn't worry about 
me turning up until dinnertime.  Bye - and don't get up 
to anything I wouldn't think about."

"Bye Brent."

"Goodbye."

They waited until they heard him drive away and burst out 
laughing again.

"He has *NEVER* made any boner comments around me before.  
Not even jokes if he thought I could hear.  I think Dad 
had him scared of what would happen if he corrupted me - 
or Ma did."

"I've never heard any but I used to notice my father from 
time to time having to get up and move around.  When he 
sat down again 'things' had been rearranged."

"Yeah.  Brent was real prone to laying on his stomach 
during certain TV shows like "I Dream of Jeannie" when he 
was younger.  He never thought I noticed him fiddling 
around."

"Seems like he's either going to have to avoid us or get 
used to us making comments - it's too much fun teasing 
him to just stop."

"More fun teasing Roger."

"Shall we then?"

"Well I told him to keep you busy until lunchtime and he 
seems to have let you escape."

"I *MUST* have worn him out after all."

"I hope not.  I had plans of my own after lunch."

"I think that's why he's recovering."

"Let's see if he need more time then."

"Okay."

As Anna stood her legs spread either side of Rosalee's 
lap and Rosalee pressed her fingers into the softness of 
Anna's pussy.  She found the entrance she was looking for 
and dipped her fingers into the thick juices she found 
there.  Bringing them back, she licked them under Anna's 
unswerving gaze.

"You are delicious."

"Thank you love.  Hailey says she thinks you taste the 
nicest though and I'm inclined to agree."

"I'm sure that varies but even if you are both right *I* 
would rather eat either of you than taste myself and I 
certainly don't see any problem with what I've been 
offered so far."

Rosalee stood as well and they shifted the kitchen 
furniture back into place.

"Let's roger Roger!"

"Roger to that!"

They groaned and climbed the stairs.  I heard them coming 
and feigned sleep.

"Isn't he cute?"

Laugh it up ladies; you won't see me for a while and, 
though you'll have each other and I'll be all alone, I 
suspect you will still miss me as much as I'm going to 
miss you.  It wouldn't have been much different if I had 
been the Roger they had imagined they knew and had gone 
away to college where I couldn't pop home every night or 
even every weekend.

They jumped at me and I came alive before they hit.  
Instead of pinning me down they found their hands 
grabbing the bedclothes while I at least managed to seize 
Anna's wrists if I couldn't secure the both of them.

"Sneaky!  Pretending to be asleep!"

"I was - you just make too much noise coming up the 
stairs."  Not true!

"Oh!  So we're a couple of hippos are we!?"

"Monkeys - chattering monkeys."

"Well we want to monkey around with you!"

"Yeah!  We are looking for bananas."

"Looks like Rosy has some nice melons there - perhaps we 
can have a fruit salad."

"Oh so we stoop to big tit jokes do we?"

"Don't bite it!  Ow!  Which part of 'nice melons' 
offended you?"

"Only that you didn't say how much you like Anna's - 
peaches."

"Peaches!"  Anna turned on Rosalee and, with a sideways 
push braced against the floor, easily flipped her over.

A couple of fingers inserted up the middle of Rosy's 
makeshift bra while I held her down and Anna had full 
access to our laughing, complaining companion.

We weren't alone though.

Rosalee was making enough noise to mask any normal sounds 
and Anna was faced away from the doorway.  Hailey, 
hearing their initial boisterous laughter, had come down 
to my open doorway and spotted Anna kneeling over 
Rosalee, sucking first one nipple and then the other.

Hailey raised a finger to her lips; I was to say nothing.  
She took a long silent step and then another shorter one 
which placed her behind Anna's butt.

Anna wasn't expecting reinforcements and had left her 
flank unguarded.  Since Anna had not donned her own 
underwear after leaving Hailey's side and had been 
fooling around with Rosalee in the kitchen there was 
nothing to stop Hailey's thumb sliding it's full length 
in one smooth thrust.

"Oh.  Nice!"  *THEN* she looked around.

"I wondered how Roger managed that.  Don't stop please, 
though Rosy might be interested in your other thumb."

"Yes please."

Anna made room for Rosalee to spread her legs and Hailey 
briefly removed her thumb so she could swap hands.

"I was worried Brent might have returned to the house," 
Anna told Rosalee - the only one aware he had been back.  
It was remiss of me not to have noticed but I *WAS* 
tired.

"But he wouldn't have done that to *YOU*!  You're his 
sister."

"Well you have to admit he hasn't seen me in this pose 
before.  What do you say Roger?  Could you tell us apart 
from just the view from behind if we were kneeling with 
our heads down and our tails high?"

"I don't know.  Do I get to do a taste test?"

"Not this time - just visual."

"Well there are some differences in hips and butts and 
lips and hair - both density and shade - but I haven't 
really seen you that way in what I would consider ideal 
viewing conditions."

"You watched two of us at the lake."

"While the third kept me busy.  I didn't sit there with a 
notebook going 'Oh, her pussy is so much hairier or what 
an attractive brown eye'."

"You notice my tits."

"With the utmost respect and affection for both you and 
your tits Rosy, we *ALL* notice them."

"True Rose."

"He's right sweetheart."

"I wasn't complaining.  When we're having fun they are 
usually an asset.  I enjoyed my new t-shirt much more 
than I would have if the shirt had been looser on me."

We were inclined to show Rosalee just how much we enjoyed 
her t-shirt, even when it was pulled up.  Anna 
concentrated on Rosalee's chest while Hailey kept them 
both going.  I was redundant where I was and managed to 
wriggle off the bed with Anna lifting her knees most of 
the way across me so I could get out only after suffering 
from the pressure of bony parts crushing softer bits.

"Would you like me to take over there?" I asked Hailey, 
indicating Anna with my prick as a pointer.

"What will I do?"

"Are you interested in doing the same for me?"

Hailey considered the situation.  Daylight, all of us 
together, a new adventure - and me being gone for a 
couple of months.  Of course she would but with one 
proviso.

"Lock the door first!"

Hailey wasn't interested in being interrupted doing 
something even more outrageous.

I smiled and made sure the door was closed *AND* snibbed 
securely.  Then I unrolled a condom down myself and found 
the tube of lube in my toolbox.

"Odd place to keep it."

"It's a tool box.  I put it on my tool.  Strange how?"  
It was a rhetorical question.

A dab on the end of my thumb and I made sure the way 
ahead was smoothed.  A little more and there would be 
plenty outside and in to ease matters.

I slid myself into Anna's waiting cunt and she pressed 
back firmly against me in turn.  I held her hips and 
thrust into her a couple of times before bending forward 
across Anna's back.

Hailey had touched my asshole before but I don't know if 
she had such a clear view of it; certainly not of her 
thumb disappearing into that portal.

"Is that okay?"

"Lovely.  Rest for a while until I'm used to it being 
there and then start slowly moving it in and out."

"It looks strange."  Hailey's comment wasn't really a 
complaint - more an observation.

"I think it would strange if you watched Roger fucking me 
from certain angles."

"I wouldn't mind watching either - but after you both 
make me come please!"

Hailey gave Rosalee a quick burst of activity.

"Our body parts could have been designed better though - 
or we could find them a bit nicer to look at." 

"I think Roger's parts are pretty good," voted Rosalee in 
opposition to Hailey's platform.  "To look at, to hold, 
to nibble, to use."

"Well I'm using his asshole and he doesn't seem to mind."

I paused deep in Anna and let the sensations pass through 
me so I could describe them at least partly accurately.

"I can feel Hailey inside me, her thumb feels gigantic 
but it moves easily and it doesn't hurt.  At times it 
feels like she has pushed it up inside my prick and I am 
actually only a glove while she is fucking Anna."

This sort of narrative pleased Anna, I suspected it would 
be appreciated by the others as well.

"I can feel her wriggling inside now.  I wonder if that 
is what you feel when I wriggle my thumb inside you.  Now 
she's fucking me with it so I guess I shouldn't just 
stand here, hey Anna?"

"No, you shouldn't."

Hailey found it easier to oscillate - one thumb going 
into Rosalee's cunt while the other slid almost out of my 
ass then a rapid thrust on my side and a little wriggle 
while she slowly withdrew her thumb on Rosalee's side in 
preparation for its own thrust and exploration.

We hadn't had so much sexercise that we could delay the 
inevitable by much and I clamped down around Hailey's 
thickest digit while I filled the rubber protecting Anna.  
Hailey gave a couple of tugs before deciding she was in 
there until I relaxed - her efforts only made my release 
better.

Picking up speed with her remaining hand, Hailey combined 
a thumb fuck with some fingertip dancing around Rosalee's 
clit and pussy.  Rosy came in second.  It was a race none 
of us wanted to win in record time.  We all wanted to 
cross the line of course, but mid-field was better than 
several lengths ahead of the pack.

Still, even bringing up the rear wasn't a bad thing 
provided one's jockey kept encouraging the mare.

Hailey pulled her thumb out with an audible plop and I 
took that as a signal to apply the whip to a trailing 
Anna.

Our lovemaking had been gentle, now my balls slapped 
against Anna's pussy as my enduring hardness slid in and 
out effortlessly.  The repeated shock of two sheltered 
eggs crashing around her clit added just enough to see 
Anna join us and she gave a triumphant cry against 
Rosalee's amply padded chest.

We relaxed, gasping a little and happy we were able to 
share the experience.  The door opened and Hailey 
disappeared; I heard water running.  I hoped I hadn't 
disgusted her - when I knew I'd be seeing Mark later I 
made sure I'd cleaned myself out.  There *SHOULDN'T* have 
been anything to upset her other than the mental image 
but asses are designed for one thing and when using them 
for other purposes one runs a risk.  At least when she 
returned Hailey climbed into the tangle and kissed us all 
without any sign of a problem.

There were a couple of problems though.

The first were dealt with by Anna and Rosalee heading for 
a bathroom each.  I needed a clean up front and back but 
could wait and we could all do with an early lunch.

Then there was Hailey.  She'd been a giver rather than a 
receiver and we'd all like to change that but she'd also 
gotten her top wet when she turned the bathroom tap on 
too fast.

"It was stuck."

"I probably turned it off too tightly.  Sorry."

I opened my wardrobe and took out the white long-sleeved 
shirt I'd worn at work in the Coffee Shop.

"Why not try this on?  It will be rather sexy."

"Oh you like me sexy?  You prefer that to me fucking you 
up the ass?"

"If you put it on I'll have had both."

"Would you fuck me up the ass then?"

"If you like."

"I'll think about it.  I might have to think about it a 
lot - until you return.  Will you think about fucking my 
poor little ass while you are away?"

I laughed - as if I'd have a chance to do anything else 
now.

"Why do you think I wasn't going to anyway?"

It was Hailey's turn to laugh.  I helped her out of her 
top.  Like Anna, Hailey hadn't bothered putting her 
panties back on and she waited while I removed her still 
dry bra as well.

"The shirt will make me look sexier than I do standing 
here like this?"

I surveyed her naked form.  "Hard to believe I know but 
trust me." 

Hailey held her arms out behind her and I slid the 
sleeves along them as though I was a butler fitting his 
master's jacket.  I turned Hailey to face the mirror as 
the others returned.

"There!"

"Show us," Rosalee cried and, after waiting a few second 
for Hailey to satisfy herself that the sight was 
appealing, I turned Hailey back around for the others to 
see.

"Scrumptious!"

"Yeah Hailey, you look good enough to eat!" Anna added.

"Let's debate that while we get something else to eat," I 
suggested and with only a little effort I got them headed 
downstairs while I took my own turn in the bathroom.

When I appeared in my boxers and another, more casual, 
shirt worn similarly to Hailey's there was some protest 
about me covering up.

"The buttons are all open - if you make anything 
interesting happen you are going to see it."  My argument 
was accepted though all three of them then saw it as a 
challenge to get a reaction out of me - without touching 
my boxers with their hands.

Anna organised a simple lunch for us from what was 
available, each of us willing lieutenants in the process.  
It was an effort that saw me kissed and hugged and 
assaulted in various ways.

Bare buts brushed the front of my shorts, bare bushes the 
back.  Bare breasts pressed against my front *AND* back.  
Anna's dress lay to one side as she roamed the kitchen 
naked.  I was sandwiched between different pairs and at 
one stage between all three of them.

It wasn't a one-sided attack by any means.  The girls 
abided by Anna's restriction but I was under no similar 
constraint.  When a butt pressed back into me, a finger 
reached under to check how wet my lady love was and, if 
possible, worked briefly to make her wetter.  Another 
then might get to taste those damp fingers before our 
lips pressed together for a kiss.  The girls didn't 
neglect each other either!

Moving around, I briefly held each in turn as they 
worked; my arms wrapped around so I could cup their 
breasts while I nibbled on neck or earlobe.  What chance 
did I have when they could feel my resolve weakening as 
my member grew harder?

"It's sticking out!" cried Rosalee.  Their attention made 
the show of flesh even more obvious and I was only saved 
by the need for us to sit to eat.

There were a range of salads; some made fresh, others 
left over from dinner the night before.  Anna had reason 
to be proud and we told her so.  Her skill at producing 
something worthy to offer to others did not go 
unrecognised nor unappreciated.  I doubt a guest looking 
at her young naked body would have worried much about the 
food though.

We sat, but almost immediately Anna dropped her fork and 
climbed under the table.  When she did not surface Hailey 
asked, "Yvonne?"

"Yvonne," I confirmed.

Hailey's younger sister had deliberately dropped her 
cutlery in an attempt to see what was happening under the 
table.  Anna had done so to *MAKE* something happen.

"Is it good?" asked Rosalee.

"Oh yes.  It's good."

"I hope you bring enough for all of us then," cautioned 
Rosalee.

"If you didn't, Anna better make sure she eats it all up 
if she wants any dessert," added Hailey.

Anna smothered a giggle around a mouthful of prick.

"Yes, don't forget all the starving boys and girls around 
the world who don't have a prick to suck on!" - from 
Rosalee.

A guffaw this time.  There was a pause in the 
conversation as we ate.

"Oh.  Hello Mrs Jam - sorry, Ma."  Hailey sounded so 
sincere that Anna stopped long enough to realise her 
mother would have said something.  She slowly sunk her 
teeth into my shaft.

"I didn't say it!  Why punish me?"

Anna climbed back into her chair.  "Because you kept me 
in suspense.  Now you can wonder if I'm going to finish 
it for you."

"Weak bluff love, when Rosy and I are here to takeover."

"Whatever happened to 'United We Stand'?"

"United we bend forward a bit maybe but stand?  Certainly 
not straight."

I had a pinch of peas mixed with corn kernels thrown at 
my face; most rebounded onto my plate.

"I don't think we should start a food fight - I'd much 
rather wrestle with you anyway."

Three young ladies suddenly looked at me with unholy 
interest.

"*AFTER* we've eaten!"

That didn't seem to help.

We sat there together; just eating and chatting; fooling 
around with no overt sexual contact now Anna was eating 
her own lunch.  There was plenty of innuendo and lewd 
comment and the young ladies gave me plenty to consider, 
even just above the table top.

I had some things to say but I gave us all time to eat 
near our fill before I started.  I wondered if the others 
noticed I had taken only small portions; with 
foreknowledge of what I wanted to say I couldn't eat very 
much.

"That was delicious.  I have a few things I need to say 
to you all and this seems as good a time as I'm going to 
have so please bear with me."

Forks were placed on plates - appetites had suddenly 
vanished.

"There is nothing different to what I told you before.  I 
have to go for a couple of months but I will be back and 
I will arrange some way to get emails through.  I *WILL* 
have to go again though but I'll try to spend as much 
time with you as possible.

"A lot of things can happen in a couple of months though 
- look at what has happened in the last one.  The first 
thing I want to reassure you is that I will not be 
seeking out female companionship while I am away."

I only hoped that didn't sound as pompous and self-
involved to the others as it did to me!

I might be assigned companions or might need to get close 
to my targets again but I would be sticking to the strict 
needs of the job with no adlibbing this time.  If I could 
finish the job without having sex I would and 
realistically there weren't too many jobs where there was 
both the opportunity *AND* need to sleep with someone 
crucial to the task at hand.  I didn't think it would be 
a difficult promise to keep yet I still worded it so I 
could remain constant to the letter of my pledge.

"I realise that things here are going to be somewhat 
different.  Firstly there is going to be some gossip 
about Rosalee and Hailey.  There are people dealing with 
your home situations as we speak.  I don't know any more 
than last night but they will control what your parents 
tell people I am sure."

"Who are they - those people?  And why are they 
bothering?"

"Because I have certain information tucked away up 
here..." I tapped the side of my head.  "Information they 
need me to trot out at the appropriate time as they 
manage to track down people they are interested in."

I meant the training that had been given me but I had to 
make the household believe I would testify at some future 
court case.

"Things shouldn't have gotten messy here but they did and 
though it is partly my fault, my keepers are willing to 
pull some strings and bend some arms to clean it up."

"Our parents' arms," said Hailey.

"Yes.  Now they aren't going to make it impossible for 
you to rebuild bridges with your families but what they 
will do is see you've got a safe roof over your head and 
a chance to finish school and go onto college if you 
want.  If you decide you can't stay with Anna's family 
for any reason then other arrangements can be made.  I 
know you might want to be with me but you are better off 
being here.  Court cases can go on for months and 
witnesses might hang around for days waiting to be called 
or called back.

"Still, living safely here you are going to face 
stresses.  As I started saying, you are going to need to 
work out how you want to portray your reasons for leaving 
home.  If it is easier to blame me - for whatever cause - 
do it.  I'll be the least vulnerable of you all.  You 
have to think about how you treat each other though."

"How do you mean?"

"Like in front of Stephanie.  She is not going to say 
anything as far as I can tell.  I think she values her 
own privacy.  But you either have to all be 'Out' or all 
stay in the closet.  I can't see two of you admitting to 
be more than friends and have you hanging out with the 
third person in a strictly soccer team friends manner - 
and *ONE* person coming out just doesn't work."

"It would be hard.  People are still funny at times."

"Well we're not one of the big West Coast or East Coast 
cities like San Francisco or New York.  Concepts like 
accepting lesbians and bisexuals take a while to drift 
out here.  Anna's going to be at school depending on her 
friends for day-to-day support while she's not at home.  
You other two will have each other but that might only 
make matters worse if you admit to being sexually active 
together.  You are going to have a better understanding 
than me of what is likely to happen."

I took a sip of my drink.  I'd been talking for a while, 
yet for now I had a rapt audience.

"It wouldn't go down too well; more with the staff than 
the girls though.  Most girls would look upon it as a 
rebellion against what the school keeps telling us."

Anna's opinion differed from Rosalee's.

"I think I would have trouble with all but one of my 
friends - not that I've seen much of them outside of 
school for the last two weeks.  They blame that on Roger 
though - and cheer me on!"

The three of them would have to work out how to mesh old 
friends and new lovers socially.  I wouldn't be around 
and I didn't know if that mattered.  I might be the 
bedrock upon which their interrelationships were based, 
the glue that held us all together - or perhaps just the 
icing on the top.  I tried not to imagine that everything 
revolved around me as there was ample evidence on Anna's 
part at least that the bonds with the others were just as 
strong.

"I do want you to appreciate one thing though.  There 
will be times when we feel left out or our feelings get 
hurt and we withdraw.  It happens with couples, it's only 
going to be worse at times with three or four of us 
around.  We need to talk and one matter we have to be 
honest about is if we fall for someone else."

"You're not looking for an out already are you?"  Hailey 
sounded worried.

"I've said I want to be here for as long as I'm wanted.  
If that changes for any reason I will tell you as soon as 
I realise it.  I saw my mother struggle to deal with her 
love life; I don't want to do the same.  I might fall out 
of love; I don't know if that is possible 'cause I was 
never in love before, but I saw how my mother fell out of 
respect - for others and for herself - and I don't want 
to see that happen with us.

"None of us can control who we love.  We can control how 
we love.  All I ask is that we respect each other enough 
to remain honest and perhaps we can be friends regardless 
of how clichd that sounds."

"You really think we're going to go out and find a 
Stephanie or someone else as soon as you leave?"  Rosalee 
sounded hurt and perhaps angry.

"No and if that was how it came across I've botched 
things up.  I meant to say we are human; people change - 
and it doesn't have to be in the next couple of months.  
If it happens I might be hurt and miss you but I won't 
hate you or fly into a rage.  I don't plan to put myself 
in a situation where I'll have an opportunity to be 
tempted.  I've got plenty to remember over..."  I made a 
loose fist which got Anna smiling.  "...so I don't think 
I'll feel the need anyway."

"If we have time to wear you out before you go it won't 
be an issue either."  Now that was the Rosalee I loved!

"Not a lot of time for that sorry.  I found out this 
morning that I have to go tonight."

"Tonight!"

"And you said nothing?"

"What time?"

"We wasted time sleeping!"

"I didn't want to spoil our remaining time."

"Then why tell us now?"

"So we don't have to rush saying goodbye.  It's going to 
be hard leaving you anyway.  How will it look if I'm 
bawling my eyes out?"

That changed matters from the girls looking like they 
might cry to them poking fun at me.

"Shall we clean things up?" asked Hailey.

"You're just in a hurry because we get to gang up on you 
next!"

"That's not true Roger!"

"What?  That it isn't your turn or you aren't in a 
hurry?"

Hailey ignored me and began picking up the dirty dishes.

The doorbell rang and we looked at each other.

*********************************************************
