Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Thirty-Five: Brother and Sister's Naughty Dialogue
Summary: MFF MFFH MF FF inc oral facial creampie anal DP exhib voy orgy monster
Keywords: Kurtis reconnects with his naughty sister on the Treasure Box!
Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Treasure Box

As the Treasure Box sailed from Ankush and the damned Queendom of Naith, I headed to the cabin with my harem. After the fete thrown by Queen Athirmi, I was exhausted. I wanted to relax and recover before the inevitable orgy on the ship.

The halfling and human women would be eager for me. It had been a few weeks of them waiting for us to depart while Queen Athirmi created one excuse after another why we couldn't leave. But I had the ambassador papers. I had a legitimate reason for entering the Shizhuth Empire that would help to protect us.

Things would get dangerous there, of course, but that was why we had to be ready. Solja the Troll and his berserker orc sister would be a big help when things inevitably got dangerous. But that was for later. For now...

I closed the cabin door. Nephi, my sphinx, sighed in relief. She sank down on a chair and promptly fell asleep. She had been on watch while we were in Ankush, vigilant against attacks. The rakshasas could not be trusted, not even the queen. But everyone on the Treasure Box was loyal to us. No threats.

Grab her a blanket, I said, smiling at the peace that had fallen over Nephi. She had gotten little sleep.

Here, Master, Princess Naryu said. She bustled over, the golden collar about her swarthy neck the only things she wore. She draped a fleece blanket over Nephi. Then she planted a kiss on the sphinx's forehead. She's devoted to you and your sisters, Master.

Yes, she is, I said, nodding.

I wish I had a sphinx, she said, glancing at her cousin, Princess Lavhi who was quivering in a ball on the floor, her vibrator buzzing away in her cunt. Then I would have been more secure. I wouldn't have let her corner me.

But then you wouldn't get my sex slave and get to watch her quiver with her mindless pleasure, I said, grabbing the princess-slave's ass.

She smiled. No, Master. I'm free of all that stress. All that worry. All that plotting against my family. It's easier.

It is, Master, Pradu said. Slaves just have to be told what to do. It was so bothersome having to always think and command and order. This is simpler.

I nodded and let the two rakshasas strip off my robe. My sisters were getting naked, too. I pulled off some pillows and threw them on the floor for the rakshasas to use then crawled onto the bed. I sank down and groaned, staring at the ceiling. The ship rocked and rolled. I could hear the mast creaking. The sails fluttering. We were heading out into Shifter Strait, sailing for the Nimborgoth.

Lasla, her black hair framing her gorgeous face, slid in beside me. She pressed her round tits into my chest, her blue eyes staring into mine. She swallowed, a nervous look on her expression. I stroked her back, wondering what it was.

Thank you, she said, smiling at me. It was... wonderful of you to let me fuck other males. Those monster cocks were... delicious.

Yeah, I said, still not quite comfortable with it. It felt weird that she enjoyed other cocks that weren't my mother's hermaphrodite-dick. But Lasla was right. She was the daughter of Las. It was only right to let her satiate all her desires. At least my twin sister showed no inclination towards wanting other men. Glad you, uh, had fun.

Mmm, I did, but... She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me. 

My lips melted to hers. I groaned at the feel of her sweet mouth on mine. Her lust for me swelled in her. I could feel her desire. It was as strong as ever. At least being with other males hadn't blunted her desire for me and what I was packing. 

She broke the kiss. Mmm, I need my brother's cock.

I noticed, I said.

She slid down my body and grabbed my cock with her left hand. She thrust out her right and grabbed Pyrriah's. She pulled our sister onto the bed and towards my cock. Red hair swayed about Pyrriah's face. She licked her lips, her blue eyes sparkling.

Mmm, let's love our brother, Pyrriah, purred Lasla and she ducked her head down to my dick.

My twin sister followed. Their faces were identical. Only their hair color differentiated them. And I knew why now. The phoenix. My twin sister was the phoenix, born to be my side and help me with my great deeds. 

That was inspiring. I was so glad to have them. My dick throbbed in their hands. I grinned at them as they pressed their faces together. Identical cheek to identical cheek. It was easy to pretend that the three of us all had the same mother, that Lasla was our triplet instead of our half-sister.

Their lips kissed at the tip of my cock. I groaned at the wonderful feel of them licking me. Nibbling me. I needed this. After last night, I needed to just enjoy my sisters. The ones I loved more than any other.

Their tongues danced around my crown, brushing each other as they stroked me. Their lust for my cock both swelled in them, their pussies getting juicier and juicier. I groaned as they loved me. My back arched. 

Gods, yes, I groaned, loving what they did to me. How they pleasured me. It was a treat. Something wondrous to enjoy.

They both purred as they loved me, their blue eyes staring up my body. I grinned, my tan chest rising and falling. Their ruby lips massaged the crown of my cock. Pleasure shot down my rod to my balls brimming with a load of cum I would fire all over their faces.

Damn, I groaned as they licked me. They lapped at me. It was such an incredible delight to enjoy. I loved every minute of them doing that to me. Then Lasla swallowed my cock. Gods damn!

She engulfed my dick with her hungry mouth. Pyrriah flashed me a wicked grin as our sister bobbed her head up and down my cock. The warmth of her mouth soaked down to my balls. She nursed on my cock with passion. It was wondrous.

Her head bobbed, her black hair swaying about her naughty face. She suckled hard, making my balls jump. Pyrriah massaged my cock, her fingers gentle. I groaned at her touch, loving how she massaged me.

Damn, I groaned. I love you both so much.

Something in Lasla's desires burst with relief. Then it clicked. She was scared that I wouldn't love her after she fucked Solja, the centaur, and whatever other cocks she had found at the fete. She wanted to make sure that the three of us were still lovers.

Still the most important thing to each other.

Yes, yes, Lasla, you are amazing, I groaned. I love you. Mmm, but let's not leave Pyrriah out. I can feel how badly she wants to suck my dick.

Lasla popped her mouth off my cock and moaned, Yes, she does. She's just eager to get her lips around your cock and suckle.

Yep, Pyrriah cooed.

Her mouth engulfed my dick. She suckled on me with such hunger. I groaned, my back arching from the thrill of her hot mouth nursing on me. It was outstanding to enjoy. My dick throbbed in her mouth. My face contorted with the bliss of what she did to me.

She worked her lips up and down my dick. She suckled with such passion on me. She nursed with hunger. I groaned as my phoenix-twin loved my rod. Her warm mouth bathed me in her passion. My heart pounded, my nuts tightening.

That's it, sister, moaned Lasla. Worship our brother's dick. Just suck on him like that naughty slut that you are.

Yes! I groaned, savoring that mouth sucking on me. Just worshiping me. Goddamn, she is milking me with such passion. Damn, I am going to cum so hard. Just shower both your faces with my jizz. Just erupt all over your two

Mmm, that sounds perfect, groaned Lasla. 

Pyrriah's lusts quivered. She suckled harder, flickers of fiery light dancing through her red hair. Then she popped her mouth off my dick to gasp, Let's make him jizz all over us, Lasla!

Mmm, yes, you are so my sister, Lasla cooed before engulfing my cock.

Pyrriah winked a blue eye at me while Lasla bobbed her head, sucking so hard. My dick throbbed. My back arched from the pressure of her mouth. She knew how to love me. She had such an amazing mouth. She pleasured me with such passion. 

The ache swelled at the tip of my cock. My hands grabbed fistfuls of both their hair as I rose towards my orgasm. I hurtled closer and closer as Lasla suckled. She knew it, too. She could feel the pressure building in my balls.

They switched. Lasla winked at me as Pyrriah swallowed my cock. 

Gods damn, yes! I growled.

Back and forth they went, sucking for a few bobs before switching off again. They teased me. It was such a rush to have them pleasuring me like this. I enjoyed every moment of it. I groaned through the bliss they gave me. My dick throbbed in their mouths as they traded me back and forth.

Then Lasla ripped her mouth off and pumped her hand up and down my cock. Cum on our faces!

Yes, yes, jizz all over us! squealed Pyrriah. Cum on our faces, brother!

Las's big dick! I gasped and erupted.

My cum fired out of my dick. I shuddered and bucked on the bed as I spurted all over their faces. I coated them in jizz. Just sprayed my cum across their features. Pleasure slammed through my body. I bucked as my mind reeled from the delight.

I painted their faces with my spunk. It was so hot seeing their mouths open wide to catch my jizz while my pearly spunk ran down their features. I groaned as I emptied my balls on them. They both whimpered in delight.

Now! Lasla cried and she and Pyrriah sprang into motion.

Before I was ready, I had Pyrriah's trimmed, red bush planting on my lips. Her tangy juices spilled through my mouth. I groaned, drinking up that wonderful flood. At the same moment, Lasla straddled my waist and rubbed my cock into her pubic hair. Her pussy lips kissed the tip.

I need my brother's cock in me! Lasla squealed and impaled herself down my dick.

I groaned into Pyrriah's pussy, her curls rubbing on my face, as Lasla's twat devoured my rod. She swallowed my cock with such greedy hunger. Her cunt slid all the way down it in a heartbeat. I groaned as she took me to the hilt. It was incredible.

My cock throbbed in her depths. The pleasure rippled through me. I groaned at how great this was. Just a wondrous delight to have that tight pussy squeezing about my dick. She held me with such hunger. Her pussy clenched about me.

Fuck, I groaned, savoring her twat around me. 

That's the cock I love the most, Lasla moaned, her lusts in complete agreement.

I felt a weight slip off my heart. Tension relaxed from my body. I groaned into Pyrriah's cunt and licked at her. I loved my twin's cunt as my sister slid her pussy up my thick dick. The pleasure shot through me, soaking my balls.

Mother, come lick our faces clean, Pyrriah moaned. 

Yes, yes, do it, Mother Azuliana, panted Lasla. 

Sure, Mistress Pyrriah and Mistress Lasla, my dragon-mother purred. She crawled onto the bed, kneeling beside us.

Both my sisters leaned forward, bringing their faces together. I couldn't see what was happening, but they shuddered in delight. My tongue plunged into Pyrriah's tangy depths, stirring her up as Lasla worked her cunt up and down my dick.

She rode me with passion. Her hot pussy squeezed and massaged me. I loved every second of her cunt sliding up and down my cock. It was fantastic to enjoy. My dick throbbed in her cunt. I would shower her with so much cum. 

Gods damn, I groaned as she worked her pussy up and down my dick. That's great.

Mmm, work your pussy up and down my son's cock, Mistress, moaned Mother. Mmm, and drown him in your pussy cream. I know how much he loves to drink from his twin sister's pussy, Mistress.

Yes, I do! I groaned and fluttered my tongue up and down her slit.

I stroked her pussy lips and clit, pleasure surging down my cock from the way that Lasla rode me. She squeezed her snatch around me in such a delightful way. She gripped me with that wonderful cunt. she held me tight as I brushed our sister's clit.

Pyrriah's hair flickered with red light as it swayed down her back. I watched her shifting as my tongue fluttered against her clit. I felt her orgasm building in her with my every lick. I brought her closer and closer to cumming.

Just like I did Lasla with my cock.

Lasla's pleasure built. I nudged Pyrriah, bringing them closer together. I wanted them to cum together. I wanted to feel one sister's pussy spasming around my cock while the other sister drowned me in her cunt cream. 

Gods, that's so good, moaned Pyrriah. Las's big dick, you're licking so hard at my pussy, Kurtis!

Yes, yes, your dick is stirring up my cunt, moaned Lasla. Ooh, we're going to cum together, Pyrriah. Together!

Yes! my twin sister squealed as I suckled on her clit.

Her tangy juices ran down my cheek as her pussy grew hotter and hotter. Her furry muff tickled my face as she squirmed on me, her ass cheeks clenching before my eyes. I loved it. I nibbled hard as my cock ached.

Lasla slammed her cunt down my cock and slid back up it. Her tight pussy polished my pole. My nuts tightened with my load of cum. Mother licked my jizz off my sisters' faces as they both whimpered and moaned. 

Going to cum, gasped Pyrriah. Oh, Kurtis, I'm going to cum on your face.

Yes, yes, yes, whimpered Lasla, her cunt slamming down my dick before she slid back up me. She squeezed the entire way. Just so close.

I nibbled on Pyrriah's clit as I nudged both my sisters' lusts. I pushed them over the edge into their climaxes. They both squealed together, their pussies convulsing in near unison. One cunt spasmed around my dick while the other gushed juices that bathed my mouth in such heavenly delight.

Lasla's pussy massaged my dick as she bucked and squealed. Such joy flooded through her while she craved to have my cum pumping into her cunt so hard. She wanted to be flooded by me. She craved to have my dick unloading spurt after spurt of cum into her pussy.

Kurtis! she squealed, her cunt writhing around me.

Cum in her, Kurtis! Pyrriah squealed. Just flood our sister's pussy with your seed. She needs it!

Yes! I growled and erupted into Lasla's cunt.

As I drank down my twin sister's pussy cream, I flooded my other sister's cunt my jizz. Spurt after spurt of cum pumped into her. It was incredible to feel that bliss firing out of me. My body bucked. I moaned into my twin's twat.

Rapture rammed into my mind. I gasped in delight, stars twinkling around my eyes. I licked at Pyrriah's twat as I reveled in this bliss. It swept through my body. I loved every moment of spurting my cum into her. I basted her with all that I had.

I breathed heavily as my orgasm peaked in me. Lasla loved my cum. She still needed my dick. Needed me. She wasn't out to replace me, just have some more fun. I groaned into Pyrriah's cunt, savoring the pleasure melting across my mind. 

There's something you all need to know, Pyrriah purred as she slipped off my face I already told Kurtis, but... I'm the Phoenix. That's why I have fire powers and can fight and... Mother! You already knew?

I had my suspicions, Mother said, a supportive smile on her lips. She also had my cum smeared on her face from licking the jizz off my sisters' faces.

Wow, said Lasla. I mean... That's so shocking. The Phoenix. I mean... That makes you some great hero, Kurtis. She squealed in delight and worked her cunt up and down my dick. Ooh, my brother-husband is a grand hero! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

We have got to celebrate, Lasla said. The gold chastity belt around Mother's waist vanished. Lie down on your back, Mother Azuliana and grow that big hermaphrodite-dick. Pyrriah, you have to go for a ride while our brother fucks you in the ass. I have his cock all nice and lubed for you.

Yes, you do, Kurtis said, a big grin on his wet lips.

Lasla slid off his cock as Mother stretched out on her back. I threw myself over her, straddling her shaved pussy. I pressed myself down on her, rubbing my furred twat into her bald snatch. She shuddered and winked at me.

Her clit-dick grew into my pussy. I shuddered as that little bud sprouted faster and faster. I trembled as more and more of her hermaphrodite-dick filled my cunt. A shivered in as she stretched me out more and more, reaching deeper and deeper into my cunt. A big smile spread on my lips.

I squeezed my cunt down on my dragon-mother's big dick. I squirmed, so ready to be double penetrated. My brother moved behind me, his cock dripping with Lasla's pussy cream. This was such an incestuous moment. My mother and brother both fucking me while Lasla...

I knew what she would be doing. My horny sister was so predictable.

Kurtis pushed his dick into my butt-crack as Mother's cock reached its full girth in my pussy. My cunt clenched down on her, this hot thrill racing through me. I smiled as Kurtis pushed his big dick against my asshole. My anal ring widened with ease.

My asshole welcomed my brother in with eagerness.

The velvety friction melted down to my cunt brimming with my mother's clit-dick. I groaned as his hands slid around me and grabbed my round boobs. He held me tight. It was so wonderful to feel him doing that. My cunt clenched around him. A big smile spread on my lips. I would have such a huge climax on his cock. It would be spectacular.

I slid my cunt up Mother's hermaphrodite-dick. I groaned at the thickness of her. The girth. My brother's rod bottomed out in me. His hands kneaded my tits before he pulled back out. My holes drank in the dual frictions as I plunged my cunt down Mother's cock.

Las's big dick, I moaned as Lasla moved before me. And my sister's yummy, cum-filled twat!

Enjoy! Lasla moaned, bring her black-furred muff to my lips, Kurtis's cum beading on the curls.

I leaned my face forward and buried into that wonderful treat. Her curls spilled over my face. They teased me. I loved it. I licked at her. Lapped. She trembled as I did that. She groaned as my tongue slipped over her folds. 

Oh, that's good, she moaned as I licked at her. Ooh, yes, yes, I like that. I like that a lot.

I winked at her and thrust my tongue into her sloppy depths. I swirled around in her. She groaned as I enjoyed her spicy pussy cream and his salty cum. My holes clenched on my mother's and brother's dicks, savoring the friction.

It was heavenly to love my family. The incestuous thrill rushed through me. Kurtis hammered my bowels with his big dick while my cunt worked up and down my dragon-mother's thick cock. I whimpered, licking out the cum from Lasla's pussy.

She grabbed fistfuls of my red hair, light already flickering through my strands. Ooh, lick that cum out of my pussy, Pyrriah!

Gods, yes! my brother groaned, his fingers squeezing my tits as he drilled his cock in and out of my asshole. He fucked me with such passion.

I slammed my cunt down Mother's clit-dick as my brother pumped his thick rod in and out of me. I moaned into my sister's sloppy cunt, my tongue licking and lapping all the jizz out of her. I caressed her. Teased her. It was incredible to drink such spunk from her.

She groaned, grinding her cunt against me. I loved the way she did that. How she shuddered. Her boobs quivered over my head. She gasped as my tongue stirred through her cunt to lick out all that salty cum in her, flavored by her spicy pussy.

My brother slid his fingers up to my nipples. He pinched them. Rolled them between his fingers. My red hair flickered with more light. My orgasm swelled so fast. I could feel my brother manipulating my passions. 

He would make me cum. Make us all cum together. I could just tell. That was how he thought. That was how he worked. He was so wonderful like that. My asshole squeezed around his cock as I slammed my cunt down my dragon-mother's hermaphrodite-dick.

Oh, my darling daughter! gasped Mother. I'm going to explode in your pussy!

Gods, yes! growled Kurtis. Las's big dick, let's cum together!

I licked the last of my brother's cum out of my sister's pussy. I flicked my tongue to Lasla's clit. I bathed it with my tongue. I suckled on her. She groaned as I did that. She whimpered, her passion swelling bigger and bigger. Then she squealed out.

Oh, Kurtis, make your women cum together! she moaned.

Yes! he growled and slammed into my asshole as I impaled myself down Mother's cock.

I exploded.

We all did.

As my pussy and asshole writhed around Mother's and Kurtis's dicks, they erupted. Their incestuous cum pumped into me. They flooded my cunt and bowels with their passion while Lasla's pussy gushed juices.

I gulped down her spicy flood as the pleasure rushed through me. We were all moaning and gasping together, cumming as a family. It made me miss Mother Sianili and our older half-sisters, Frelia and Iliasa. I wanted them here with us, too.

My hair burned so bright with passion as my pussy and asshole wrung my mother's and brother's cocks dry. They spurted so much of their cum into me. They flooded me with all that naughty jizz. I shuddered through the bliss.

Stars burst across my vision. My holes worked out the cum. I massaged the jizz out of her holes. I trembled through the bliss, stars busting across my vision. It was incredible to enjoy this delight. I groaned through such wild euphoria. I drank all my sister's cream.

It was perfect. 

Just an amazing moment to share with my family.

We all fell in a pile, Kurtis on one side, Lasla on the other. They held me as the night of fucking fell on me. As the Treasure Box rocked and rolled in the sea, my eyes squeezed shut, and I fell into my dreams. It was such a wondrous moment. I was so glad to experience this. 

So thrilled to be with my family all safe and loved. We were leaving Naith behind. Good riddance. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I woke up in the afternoon, the rest of my family still sleeping. Kurtis and Pyrriah were cuddled tight like they must have been in the womb. They had something special connecting them, something I was lucky to share in.

I slipped off the bed, passing Nephi still out cold. The rakshasas were sleeping on the floor. Lavhi's vibrator still in her pussy but not buzzing away. I turned my creation back on as I opened the door to the cabin.

I slipped down the hallway, passing the other cabins before stepping out on the deck. The air was cool on my naked body. We were out in the middle of the sea. I didn't see land in any direction. The sun was peeking out around the left sides of the sails, appearing as the ship rocked in the waves.

I spotted Solja standing at the prow. The troll leaned over it, wearing only his loincloth. His woody body was so big. My pussy clenched, remembering the absolute joy I had experienced on his cock. The pure delight of his cock slamming into me.

That horny itch swelled. Things were okay between my brother and me. He wasn't disgusted that I had fucked other males, and he was relieved that I still wanted him more than anything. I was so glad. If this had damaged our relationship...

I was pretty certain that was Queen Athirmi's plan. She wanted to get us to stay, so she tried to break us apart. It nearly worked, but I managed to control my lusts and wait to have Kurtis's blessing before I enjoyed another cock.

But it had been so hard with Pyrriah and Solja sparing every day.

I nodded to the halfling crews as I crossed the deck. I reached the prow and leaned over it. There was a naked halfling woman as the figurehead. Captain Telesi when she was younger. Though she was still just as sexy now.

Hey, I purred as I stared at him. He didn't look happy. His brows were furrowed. HE was... brooding. Why did that make my pussy even wetter? What's wrong?

He shrugged.

I smiled and stroked his arm, sliding up and down his woody flesh. I felt his desires. What he wanted. It was a mix of impulses. His sister was in there. They shared the same mother. Trolls always bred male trolls, and the women never survived. At least not until Ufexis came along with some alchemical treatment.

Do you need your sister? I asked, arching my eyebrow.

He grunted. He tamped down his desire for her. He was... worried about her. Afraid of unleashing his passion on her? He had fucked me harder even than the centaur. My pussy clenched just remembering who he had hammered me.

Worried about Tharaka? I asked. 

He glanced at me. I smiled at him. He shook his head and went back to looking at the deep blue of the ocean. His shoulders hunched even more.

She loves you, I told him. So you don't have anything to be worried or afraid about. And she's tough. Way tougher than me, and I handled you just fine.

Why does she love me? Solja asked.

Because you're her brother, I said. Trust me, loving your brother is something I'm an expert on.

But I'm a monster. He stared down at his hands. Everywhere I go, I will be feared. Attacked. We're hated, and for good reason. What we do to the women we capture, how we rape them and leave them to die giving birth to our sons...

That's not you, Solja, I said. You're not going around raping women. You're careful.

Doesn't change what I am.

It does to her, I told her. Tharaka's not afraid of you. And I'm not, either. Nor is Pyrriah or Kurtis. So how cares what some villagers think you're never going to be met.

He frowned. What are you talking about.

It's a choice, I said. You can be someone to be feared or someone to be loved. What do you want, Tharaka? I know I like to be loved. I winked at him.

His frown deepened. He squeezed the railing, the wood creaking.

I hopped up on the railing and spread my legs. I could feel how precarious my perch was as the ship rocked. If I fell backward... Well, there should be some risk in getting a big troll-dick fucking your pussy.

You want to love me, don't you? I purred. Not rape me. Not force me. But love my willing pussy with your big cock.

Yes, he growled, staring at me, his dick swelling the front of his loincloth.

Too massive to be contained, that monstrous cock spilled out. I shuddered at the length. The girth. My heart pounded in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips. I wanted that cock in me so badly. To just feel that huge cock burying into me over and over again.

Mmm, choose to love me, I purred. And choose to love others who are safe for you to do so.

He moved between me, his chest rising and falling. You can control when you're pregnant. Most women can't.

Then fuck the pregnant ones, I purred. Like your sister. She's got your baby in her, you know. And she's got all of Ufexis's concoctions to have a safe delivery.

He stared at me in shock. Then he growled, Fuck pregnant women?

Mmm, yes, I purred. Every woman on this ship is pregnant with Kurtis's child. He bred them all. If any of them are willing, well, let them go for a ride on that big cock. And me... I'm very willing!

He stepped before me, that massive cock thrusting right for my cunt. I shivered as he pressed it into me. He rubbed it up and down my flesh. I groaned at that, so eager to have him slam into me. To fuck me hard. It would be incredible to have his dick burying to the hilt in me. I couldn't wait to be utterly filled with him.

He shoved his cock through my bush and found my pussy lips. They spread to engulf his huge cock. His strong hands gripped my waist, making sure I wouldn't fall. I shuddered as my cuntlips spread and spread over his massive cock. He popped into my pussy.

Las's mighty cock! I howled as he entered me.

That big, thick, wondrous dick stretched out my pussy. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of that massive shaft plowing to the hilt in me. It was outstanding. I groaned, a wave of heat rushing through me. 

My thighs wrapped around his waist. I rubbed my hands over his chest at that massive troll-dick didn't even reach all the way in me. He was just too big for my pussy. I loved it anyways. He was at my cervix, knocking at the womb only Kurtis could breed.

Love me, Solja, I whimpered. Just love me with that big dick of yours. I want to feel you slamming into me. Yes, yes, just fuck me hard. Pound me, Solja!

You really don't see me as a monster? he growled Or is the fact I am a big and dangerous beast what makes me so attractive to you.

Mmm, of course being a big and powerful and dangerous hulk is sexy, I groaned. Women get hot for dangerous men. My brother is dangerous. But you're more than a monster. You have a heart, Solja. And I can feel it beating.

I pressed over his woody chest and felt it pounding.

Now ravish my willing pussy, I groaned. Embrace one who just wants to get wild with you.

He growled and drew back. I moaned at that. His cock felt so delicious in me. He pumped away at me. I gasped, clamping my snatch down on him as he thrust again and again. I shuddered as he buried hard into me. Fast. He plunged that huge cock to the hilt in my snatch. I whimpered in delight, loving what he did to me.

My pussy melted around his dick. He stretched me out with that huge shaft. I gasped, the pleasure spilling through my body. Hot delight poured through me as he buried into me over and over again. I whimpered, loving every moment of his thrusts.

His powerful cock hammered my cunt. He plowed deep and hard into me. I shuddered, squeezing my cunt down around him. It was incredible having his cock bury into me like this. It was fantastic. My face contorted with the passion of his cock hammering me. He fucked into me with powerful strokes. I whimpered, loving every moment of him burying into me.

Oh, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, that's so wondrous. Ooh, you are just driving me wild. Oh, yes, yes, that's it. That's what I need! Las's big dick!

Lasla! he growled.

He growled, pumping away at me with his huge dick. My cunt slammed down on me. It was wondrous to enjoy him burying into me again and again. My twat drank in the friction as I squirmed on the railing.

The spray from the waves washing into the prow kissed my butt and back. I shuddered at the cool delight as that hot dick slammed into me. My pussy melted around that huge shaft. The troll's big rod almost burned in me, the friction building an inferno in me.

I would burn so hot.

And he would pump all his jizz into me. The fuel that would set me burning to such wondrous heights of ecstasy. I squeezed my thighs around him, my cunt gripping his dick with everything that I had. I came closer and closer to that moment of eruption. I shuddered as that huge dick plowed into me. He fucked me harder and harder.

I shuddered, reveling in it. He grunted. Growled. He slammed his dick to my cervix, his face twisting with delight. His fingers gripped my ass, dimpling my butt-cheeks. I fanned the ardor in him, sending him hurtling to his climax.

Gods damn! he growled.

Cum in me! I moaned. Just flood me with all that wondrous jizz.

My cunt clenched down on him, squeezing with such friction on him. He growled, hammering me harder. Faster. He buried that dick into me with such powerful force. I shuddered, my face contorting in delight. 

Lasla! he snarled as I triggered his climax with a little nudge and the tight grip of my cunt.

He buried to the hilt in me and growled. Is cum erupted? Hot spunk spurted into my snatch. I shuddered as the jizz bathed my cervix. He pumped load after load of his jizz into me. My head tossed from side to side. I loved what he did to me. How he basted my cunt in all that spunk.

Gods damn! he growled.

His cum splashing on the building inferno triggered a firestorm of ecstasy. It burned through me. Rapture consumed my body, my cunt writhing around his spurting dick. My thoughts ignited. Euphoria devoured my mind. 

Oh, yes, yes, Solja! I howled, my cunt milking the thick fuel from his cock.

He grunted, spurting more and more of that hot cum on my orgasmic flames. My pleasure swelled. The ecstasy burned hotter and hotter. My mind blazed into pure rapture I bucked and shuddered, howling out my wordless pleasure.

Solja! I squealed.

He grunted as he emptied his nuts into me. He flooded me with every drop of cum that he had. I quivered there, a big smile on my face as my fires burned to such euphoric temperatures before they snuffed out. I panted, savoring his cock in me.

Mmm, now wasn't that just wonderful? I asked. Wasn't that just the nicest thing you've enjoyed all day? So much better than brooding and worrying. Only care what your sister thinks of you. What we do. Don't worry about the others who don't know you.

He stared at me. For a slut, you have wisdom.

See, easy to judge a person by their superficial actions. I tapped the side of my head. You never know what is going on in the here. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Permission to have an orgy, Master? Telesi said after the evening meal was consumed. I had been woken up for it, having slept for hours. 

We're safely anchored for the night? I asked the halfling. The diminutive woman had bronze skin that gleamed in the lantern light. They hung from the rigging and various parts of the boat to light her up. Her metallic-red hair swayed about her face while her eyes burned with naughty delight. 

Sails are reefed, anchor is out. We won't drift towards anything dangerous. She grinned. It is safe for the entire crew to fuck. So, permission to have an orgy. 

Permission granted, I said, everyone already naked. Telesi, on your knees, I want to watch you eat out your daughter while I fuck you from behind. Since you're the captain, it's only fair you get my dick first.

All around the ship, the orgy broke out. Even Nephi was able to join in, as were the rakshasa princess-slaves, my sisters, and my dragon-mother. Solja and his sister Tharaka watched from the edges. I bet they would be enticed in before too long.

Kelesi, Telesi shouted, get your cute keister over here, plop it on the deck, and spread your thighs. Prepare to be eaten out!

Yes, Mother! Kelesi said. She scurried over, her tits not as big as her mother's large breasts. She had the same red hair, her pussy shaved. She sat her ass on the deck, spread her thighs, and cooed, Ready to be eaten out!

I grinned as Telesi fell between her daughter's thighs, aiming her ass at me. She had a cute rump, her thick bush dripping with her juices. My dick ached as I sank to my knees and grabbed the halfling's hips. I guided my cock to her. She was lower to the deck than one of my sisters would be, but the right angle overcame that problem.

My cock slid into her pubic hair. I loved the feel of her around me. It was such a nice delight to have her bush caressing my cock. A ticklish thrill ran through me as I pushed right against her pussy folds and thrust.

I sank into my halfling captain's pussy. It had been weeks since I had fucked halfling cunt. Despite her short stature, her pussy could stretch to take every inch of my big dick. I bet a halfling could swallow all of Solja's cock, and his dick was nearly as long as their torso. 

It was heavenly being in the motherly halfling's cunt as she feasted on her daughter's twat. Telesi moaned her delight as I drew back my dick. Her pussy clung to me, the scent of her tangy juices filling my nose. 

Mother, yes, gasped Kelesi, adding her passion to the moans around us. She smiled up at me. Ooh, my mother loves your cock in her pussy. She is just eating me out with such enthusiasm.

And it has nothing to do with how much a mother loves her daughter's cunt? I asked, thrusting away at Telesi's pussy.

Oh, she didn't eat me with this much delight last night, purred Kelesi. She winked. Your cock is really inspiring her.

Yes! the captain moaned, her cunt clenching down on me.

I thrust away with force at her. I buried into that delicious halfling pussy, reveling in the way she squeezed about me. It was an amazing delight to have her squeezing her twat around me. I shuddered, thrusting deep and hard into her twat.

Her pussy massaged me. Her hips rotated from side to side, stirring her cunt around my dick. The massage was delicious. My dick throbbed, savoring the juicy delight of her cunt squeezing about me. Held me in that wondrous embrace, bringing me closer and closer to erupting. I would have such a huge climax. I would burst with passion. 

Gods damn, Telesi, I groaned, the pleasure echoing around me. It is good to be back on the Treasure Box!

Yes, yes, yes, she gasped, her cunt squeezing about me. She held me tight in that wondrous twat. I buried into her again and again, loving the feel of her about me. Her pussy massaged me with that wondrous grasp. 

Mother! groaned Kelesi, her boobs jiggling. Ooh, you're going to make me cum. Just pump those digits in and out of my cunt.

Daddy! Daddy! Overia moaned, getting fucked by her father. The two humans were rutting nearby.

Ooh, that's it, Tormin, groaned Nelli, the second officer. Fuck your father's wife hard. You have a cock just as wonderful as his.

The halfling boy plowed into the mature woman. Telesi, Nelli, and Malial were all the wives of the original captain of the Treasure Box, but he had passed away some time ago. He'd left behind four daughters and a son to crew the ship.

Mother! gasped Kelesi. I'm going to cum. Just keep feasting on me like that. Ooh, that's so good. You feel so amazing eating me!

Cum on your mother's face, I groaned, thrusting deep and hard into Telesi's cunt. My balls tightened. My orgasm built and built. 

I would have such a huge burst of pleasure. Just shower her pussy in my cum. I rammed hard into her twat. I fucked into her with such force, loving how she squeezed her flesh around me. It felt incredible having her cunt massage my dick like that.

Kelesi squeezed her tits as her mother thrust fingers in and out of her pussy. I pounded Telesi as she pleasured her daughter. My balls smacked into her bush, heavy with my cum. I would fire so much into her snatch.

Oh, that's it, Pyrriah moaned. Ooh, yes, yes, eat my pussy, Malial. Ooh, you're so good at it!

Fuck me, Lady Azuliana, gasped Bethie, Tarthan's wife and Overia's mother. Just fuck me so hard with that hermaphrodite-cock.

Ooh, yes, yes, fist my cunt, Delli, groaned Lasla, my sister getting her twat fisted by one of Nelli's daughters. That's so good. That's amazing.

Mmm, Foran, pound me, groaned Alli, Nelli's other daughter. Foran, Tarthan and Bethie's son, fucked the halfling hard as she knelt on her hands and knees.

Eat my cunt and asshole, you rakshasa-sluts! moaned Nephi. She had Princess Naryu lapping at her twat and Pradu feasting on her asshole. Just like that. You are going to make me explode.

I loved it. All that passion echoed around me. It surged through my body, building and building towards explosive releases. They all were sliding towards their orgasm. I savored the pleasure swirling around me.

This was where I belonged.

In the middle of an orgy.

I slammed hard into Telesi's cunt. I buried my cock into her snatch with hard strokes. She groaned, her cunt squeezing down around me. She suckled on her daughter's clit, pumping fingers into the depths of Kelesi's pussy.

The mother-daughter incest inspired me to thrust away. My balls tightened. My dick ached. The pressure threatened to burst out of the tip of my cock as I buried into that juicy halfling-cunt over and over again.

Oh, Gods, yes! gasped Kelesi. Vedr's queefs, yes!

She came. I felt her orgasms surging through her body while her pussy cream bathed her mother's mouth. I shuddered, savoring the passion. My dick throbbed in her mother's cunt, fucking the slutty halfling captain hard.

Drink my cream, Mother! she squealed.

Oh, I am, moaned Telesi, her cunt clenching down on my aching cock. I am!

Her pussy convulsed around my dick.

I groaned and slammed into her depths. I shuddered and erupted. I fired my jizz into Telesi's cunt. I fired spurt after spurt of jizz into her. I pumped my spunk into her spasming twat. She gasped, her flesh working out my jizz.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. I groaned, reeling from the delight. It was incredible to experience. I loved every second of it. My head tossed with the passion of pumping my cum into her snatch. I basted her.

Emptied everything into her.

Las's big dick, yes! I groaned as her pussy milked me dry. 

Around me, all the others gasped out their bliss. They cried out their orgasmic passion. It was such a rush.

The next leg in our journey had begun. A night of wild passion to kick it off. I panted, done with Telesi. The women of the Treasure Box all deserved to enjoy my cock tonight. They had earned it for staying in Ankush for as long as they did.

I had a lot of fucking to do tonight.

To be continued...
