ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 7

I must give Paul credit. He fought back his excitement, and quietly asked, "Are you considering it, Jen?" "Of course not!", I replied, studying his demeanor to see if he was relieved or disappointed. He was definitely disappointed. Needing to know my husband's inner desires, I removed my cut off tank top and sat before him, wearing only my panties, and said, "Paul. I want you to answer something for me". He looked at my breasts, and said, "Sure, Jen. Anything". "Paul. What would your reaction have been if I had removed my top in the Carribean?" His response was quick and truthful. Believe me, I could tell. "Jen. I would have asked you to take a walk down the beach with me, hoping we accidentally ran into someone we knew. Anyone!", he exclaimed!

"Why?", I asked. He simply replied, "Anyone who has a wife as hot as you, Jen, has this fantasy. Well, I'm sure many do. There's just something about other people seeing your hot naked, or almost naked body, but unable to touch you, is appealing to me". I never considered my petite frame, with tiny breasts, along with my little boy haircut, hot. Cute maybe, but definitely not hot. It felt good to know that my husband viewed me that way. Just then, we heard Sue and Kevin talking, as they were walking across our back yard and approaching our deck. I scrambled to put on my tank top, when I noticed Paul's expression turned from elation to disappointment in a second. I decided to let my husband have his little fantasy and placed the top on the bench of the picnic table. After all. Both Sue and Kevin had seen me naked, only the night before.

As they stepped up onto the deck, I stood and faced them, wearing nothing but my low-cut, white cotton panties, and said, "Hey Guys. What brings you by today?' Paul stood up to say hello to Susan and shake Kevin's hand, then sat back down. I was so relieved he wasn't sporting an erection at the time, as he was obviously having trouble concealing his excitement. But after Paul's admission that he would enjoy exposing his 'Hot Wife' in a 'Look, But Don't Touch' atmosphere, I was happy to oblige in helping make his wish come true. It is definitely less stressful to be naked in front of other people who are dressed, when you're primed with alcohol, like I had been last night. It was a bit more intimidating wearing only panties in front of Susan and Kevin now that it was daytime, and without the cover of nightfall, but I resisted the urge to cover up, allowing my husband to enjoy his little fantasy. I asked Sue and Kevin if they'd like some coffee, as I picked up the tank top and brought it into the kitchen.

Deciding to give my husband even more of a treat, I pulled up the back of my panties, giving my pussy a little camel-toe effect, and immediately returned to the deck. I placed the palms of hands on my butt cheeks, fingers pointing down, giving all three of them an unobstructed view of my scantily clad body. I then said, "You guys didn't answer me. What brings you by today?", with the confidence of a fully clothed person. Paul was beaming, and so were my nipples! My little soldiers were at full attention by this time. The feeling was both fulfilling, yet a bit humbling, as I displayed them for Susan and Kevin, right in front of my husband. Being outdoors and in broad daylight, had me feeling somewhat embarrassed as well. The following reality, I must mention to you. The absence of any alcohol allowed my mind to realize on how inappropriate standing in front of Kevin and Susan, wearing only my panties, truly was. Nevertheless, I was happy and willing to do it for my husband, and the experience was once again intoxicating.

I became anxious, when Kevin said, "Jenifer. There's something I'd like to talk to you about, if you have a moment". Hoping he wasn't about to reveal more of the story from the previous evening, than I had already confessed, I nervously replied, "What is it, Kevin?", standing on pins and needles, while waiting for his response. He replied by saying, "Professor Lynch from the art department, down at the community college called me an hour ago. There are a few students that need extra credit from last year, before returning to school for the fall semester. He was hoping I could pose at 1:00 today, which I assured him I would. The problem is that the amount of extra credit these students need, requires more than a single subject. In order to advance in the "Charcoal Drawing" curriculum, they must have two models. I called some model friends I know, but it's too last minute, and they all have plans".

There wasn't a single one of us that didn't know where this was leading up to. Before I could decline the invitation, Paul said, out loud, "Why don't you do it, Jen? Help the poor kids out". I looked at him with daggers, and asked, "Honey. Can I see you in the kitchen for a moment?", as I turned and walked into the house. Paul was right behind me, when I turned around, and quietly said, "Paul. I appreciate you have your little fantasies; we all do. I also appreciate that you see me as your 'Hot Little Wife". I really do. But honey, it's not like they'd allow you to sit in the class and watch". His reply would floor me.

"I know that! But if you model for the class this afternoon, I can go play another round of golf". I stood back and looked at my husband in horror, as the tone of my voice was now elevated, and said, "So you're fine with me standing 'Stark Naked' in front of a bunch of people, who happen to have 'Their' clothes on, just so you can play golf? Are you kidding me?" It was then that I heard Kevin call out, "There's only a few students, Jen. And it's 'Nude. We pose 'Nude', not 'Naked'." "Shut up Kevin!", I shouted, as Paul and I continued our little discussion. I could tell by the expression on Paul's face that he knew, 'He Really Screwed Up'! I took a deep breath, and quietly reminded him, "Paul. Have I ever prevented you from playing golf?" The look on his face was that of a contrite little boy.

For whatever reason, I decided to let the big doofus off the hook. "You go play golf honey, and I'll text you if I decide to model. O.k.?" I walked back out onto the deck, still wearing only my panties, as Paul headed up to shower and get ready for his golf game. Susan and Kevin both had those expressions of 'Someone who wanted nothing to do this the most recent turn of events', on their faces. I looked at Kevin, and said, "Kevin, I'll go to the class with you, but if I decide not to pose, you better not try to make me feel bad about it. Deal?" He reached out his hand, shook mine, and replied, Deal". Believe it or not, I asked him, "What do I wear?" The expressions on both their faces, told me the obvious answer. "Oh right. I won't be wearing anything", I sheepishly said.

I pulled Susan to the side, and whispered in her ear, "I think I really want to try this 'Life Modeling' thing. What you heard from inside was just an act, so my husband believes he's the one that pushed me into this. It never hurts to have the upper hand in a situation like this". Sue just laughed, and said, "Kevin will meet you at the college at 12:45. It was 10:30 a.m. when both Kevin and Sue walked back towards Mike's house. I couldn't have felt more anxious and uptight, yet I was eagerly anticipating my first nude posing opportunity. The woman standing on this deck, wearing nothing but her white cotton panties, was certainly not the same woman who was standing here yesterday, at this time. Paul was soon off to his golf game, and I was preparing to shower, when my cell phone rang. The caller I.D. told me it was Susan. I picked up, and said, "Oh high Sue. What's up?' "Don't forget to shave your pussy", Kevin said, as he was laughing. "KEVIN!", I screamed, "Don't be such a child!", as I hung up my phone.

I took a shower and shaved my pussy, which I would have forgotten to do, if it wasn't for Kevin's weird phone call. I then started to get dressed. I had chosen a bra, panties, sundress and sandals for my attire. I took a deep breath, walked to my car, then headed across town to the local community college, full of both anticipation and apprehension. I met Kevin in the parking lot and we both started to walk together into the building, and up the stairs to the third floor of the "Art Department" wing of the campus. I nervously asked him, "Is there anything I really need to know, Kevin?" He then laid out the normal sequence of events when 'Life Modeling' for an art class. "First we'll meet the instructor, who will take a moment to explain his or her idea for the pose. Then we'll go to our changing rooms, get undressed and put on the robes, that are provided by the school. Once we arrive at the modeling area, we remove our robes, then take the pose exactly as the instructor explains it.

Whatever you do, have no communication with any of the artists whatsoever. Any familiarity between an artist and model, compromises the artwork itself. We will pose for ten minutes, then take a break for five. That's one hour for the class and forty minutes actually posing. Today is a double, so we'll pose and break as usual, but for a two-hour duration, instead of one. That's why we'll each make a hundred dollars today. And that's about it", he said, with a smile, as we prepared to enter classroom #305. Once we entered, I noticed 4 student artists. One male and three females. They were setting up their easels, and preparing their paper supplies and charcoal pencils, while practically ignoring us. Kevin just looked down at me, and shrugged his shoulders, as if to say, "Told you".

There was a wing back chair, covered in a dark gray blanket, positioned in the modeling area, so I asked Kevin what it was for. He replied, Maybe the instructor plans to have you bent over my knees, so I can give you a spanking", as he started to laugh. "Kevin! That's not funny!", I said, in a very low, yet very stern tone. Please don't forget this is my first time. I'm anxious enough". Kevin, smiled again, and said, "I'm sorry, Jen. I was just messing with you. Won't happen again. I promise". Shortly after our 'Not So Grand' entrance into the classroom, we could hear the clacking of footsteps heading our way. You know. The noise older people's shoes make when they walk. Just then, an old woman walked into the classroom.

She was short, about 5' 2" tall, and must have been at least seventy years old, if not older. She was wearing a dark blue floral pattern dress that came down below her knees, complete with a white apron. Her patent leather shoes were the source of the clacking I had heard. Well, we all heard. It was impossible not to. She said hello to Kevin, who she apparently knew, then greeted me, and introduced herself as Mrs. Slate. I can only compare her appearance to that of "Grandma Walton" from the old television show, and I would soon find out she was every bit as feisty. As she looked me over through her little granny glasses, a big smile came across her face, which I interpreted to be a good thing.

She announced to the few students in the mid-summer class, along to Kevin and me, that the theme of the pose was going to be from 'First Century Rome'. She looked at Kevin and I, and said, "Why don't you two get ready", while I give the students some last-minute instructions. Kevin led me to the two changing rooms that were side by side at the opposite end of the room from the modeling area. He entered the one on the right, and I entered the one on the left. The changing rooms were semi-private since the partition separating them didn't go all the way up to the ceiling, allowing those preparing to model enough privacy yet still able to communicate with each other, for whatever reason. I was down to my panties when I noticed, there was no robe hanging in my changing room. Just a few empty hangers on a clothes rod.

I whispered over the partition to Kevin, and said, "Kevin. There's no robe in here". He replied, "There's not one in here either. I heard him crack the door and call out, "Mrs. Slate. There are no robes in here". Her response had me trembling and getting ready to dress and run out of the place. "Oh Kevin. I forgot. It's Sunday. All the robes are sent to the laundry on Saturday night, and brough back on Monday morning. It's a small class, can you make do?" I glared at Kevin as he looked over the partition at me. "Kevin! What did you get me into?", I snarled, in a tone too low for others to hear. He was as dumfounded as I was over the situation.

He made a second attempt and called out to Mrs. Slate again. Mrs. Slate. Are there any towels around, maybe in the locker rooms or something. Her second reply was as callous as her first. "Kevin. I am truly sorry, but can you two make do for just this one small class?" I glared at him as I removed my panties, saying, "I can't believe this, Kevin! I really can't!" We both took a deep breath and exited our changing rooms totally naked, with not as much as a handkerchief for cover. Mrs. Slate took one look at my naked body, and said, "Kevin. Bring her over here!", as she was smiling ear to ear. She took my hands, looked over my naked body, and said, "Jenifer! You are adorable! You're like a little Peter Pan, but with a vagina!" She then looked down at my pussy, and said, "OH...And look. It's as shiny as a new penny", referring to my completely bald pussy lips. I was mortified! "You're perfect for the roll of the first century Roman servant girl!", she said, still smiling.

Having no idea what she was talking about, I looked up to Kevin, knowing my eyes, said it all. "Really, Kevin! A little Peter Pan, but with a vagina, that's as shiny as a new penny? Are you fucking kidding me?", was the message my eyes were sending. There was no doubt Mrs. Slate's reference was due to my little boy haircut, but the public episode was thoroughly and completely humiliating, just the same. She finally let go of my hands and led Kevin and I to the modeling area. "O.k. Kevin. I want you to sit in this chair here. You will be representing an affluent first century Roman citizen. Jenifer. You will be the young female house servant, looking to garnish his favor, in hopes of elevating your own social status, which was a common practice in that day". I was now officially lost and confused but continued to listen to her instructions intently.

Mrs. Slate started her instructions with Kevin first. As I waited my turn, I couldn't help but notice what a nice body he had. This was the first time I actually had a chance to really observe his naked physique. Mrs. Slate then said, "Kevin. I want you to sit back in this chair. Now put your left forearm on the armrest, place your right hand on your right knee, and turn your head slightly to the left. Now place your feet 24 inches apart". Kevin did exactly as he was instructed. What happened next would have me questioning the idea of 'Fair Play' for years to come. Mrs. Slate placed a toga over Kevin's left shoulder, keeping it to his left side, so his bare chest was exposed. She arranged it on his lap, concealing his penis, but not much more.

She then gave all of us a short history lesson so we could understand the characters behind the drawings. At least that's what she said. All I knew was Kevin now had a toga to conceal his penis, yet my recently shaven, bald pussy was still on display for all to see. I had crossed my arms and was facing away from the classroom door. which had been left open. I was trying to pay attention but became completely distracted by the open door. "Why doesn't she close the damn door?", I thought to myself, as I became more and more uneasy, and feeling extremely vulnerable, being the only one left 'Naked' in the room, with no cover whatsoever. Just then, Mrs. Slate said, "Jenifer. Come here please dear".

The only reason I didn't evaporate into dust right there at that moment from the humiliation of the experience, was that the four students who needed the extra credit points to move on with their education, were all much younger than me. Trust me. I wasn't being all haughty or proud because I was older than them, but having an advantage, no matter how small, when you are the only one naked in a room, helps you mentally get through it. I walked up to Mrs. Slate and awaited my instructions, that were soon to follow. "Jenifer", she said. "I want you to imagine that you are a first century house servant, in an affluent household. You're master has a lot of power and connections. You, unfortunately have nothing but your body. I want you to portray that young girl, and really feel her struggle", She said.

It was at that very moment, that I truly thought I understood the difference between "Art" and pornography. I followed her every instruction, no matter how inappropriate it seemed to me. She told me to stand facing Kevin and spread my feet an inch or two further apart than his. I stood where she told me and awaited further direction, ignoring Kevin all together. "Now, Jenifer. I want you to lean over and place your right hand on Kevin's left knee". I felt like I was in a game of Twister but did as I was instructed. "Now place your left hand on his right hand", she said, which was already placed on his right knee. Again, I did as I was instructed with no questions asked. I now found myself leaning over, with my legs spread apart, leaving my ass and pussy lips on total display, much as I had wanted to do last night, but without the alcohol to entice me, and calm my nerves. There was no more compromising position Mrs. Slate could have chosen.

"Now Jenifer", "You look at Kevin", she said. "And Kevin, you look just a little to your left. We want the feeling that the young female house servant, is seducing the forbidding, disagreeable wealthy landowner, and it's working. The servant girl's left hand still resting on the affluent Roman citizen's right hand, is proof of that. There's an intimacy there. Can you feel it class", she asked, out loud. As everyone else agreed, I felt like I was about to collapse from the weight of the indignity of my position and the situation altogether. That's when Mrs. Slate said, "Oh Jenifer. I almost forgot. I have something for you to wear too". I felt so relieved until she walked over and placed a floral wreath on my head. "This would have been worn by many of the servant girls in that day", she said. I was hoping for some shred of fabric to conceal some portion, any portion, of my naked body. The wreath only served to make the humiliation and disappointment of my present circumstances that much worse. Somehow, I managed to remain steadfast in my position, regardless of how amiss and inappropriate, it all seemed to me.

Mrs. Slate had the four students placed equally apart in a semi-circle around us, which I guess was better than four sets of eyes staring right at the open gap between my thighs. She then instructed to class to commence with their drawings. Kevin whispered, oh so quietly, and said, "I have an almost perfect view of those magnificent nipples of yours, Jen". Remaining in my position, I responded by digging my nails into his left knee and right hand, until he quietly relented. "O.k. O.k. O.k. I'm sorry", was all he could whisper. His little comment did have an effect on me though. The knowledge of his perspective of my erect nipples and knowing my ass and pussy lips were practically being publicized to anyone within viewing distance, was getting me aroused.

I couldn't believe I was actually posing 'In the Nude' for an art class, no matter how small the class was. Even the provocative position Mrs. Slate had chosen for me, was now starting to become somewhat stimulating. Somehow, I started to enjoy the experience, regardless of the shame and humiliation that I knew would inevitably accompany it. When you are naked in front of clothed people, no matter how many, that prospect is never far off. Mrs. Slate announced it was time for a break, so Kevin and I got up to stretch, while the students continued to work on their drawings. I found myself, to a certain degree, at ease concerning the lack of robes, normally used by the models while on break. I mean really! There is nothing more anyone in the room could possibly see of me. Right?

Kevin and I were hanging out by the changing rooms when I did express one area of concern I had. "Kevin. Why hasn't Mrs. Slate closed the classroom door yet?", I asked. He simply replied, "Jenifer. We are in the art wing of the college. Students don't come up here hoping to get a glimpse of a nude model. That just doesn't happen. Anyone who walks by or enters the room, is here for one purpose and one purpose only. Art. The classroom doors are rarely closed even during a time when a modeling class is in session". Although his reply did answer my question for me, my sense of exposure and vulnerability would most likely remain heightened, as long as that door remained open. It just seemed so immodest and undignified to me.

Mrs. Slate announced she was ready for Kevin and me to resume our poses, so we nonchalantly walked back over and retook our positions for segment #2. I could tell that each time I had to bend over and spread my legs apart, revealing my bare ass and clean-shaven pussy lips, was going to be a challenge. It's like experiencing an 'Indignity' over and over again. I wasn't sure if I was ever going to get used to that. Segments 2, 3 and 4 when on without incident. We were now officially halfway through our modeling session, and I was completely relaxed but keeping myself semi-aroused using my thoughts.

It was when Kevin and I were on our 4th break, that things would take a turn for the worse. While we were back by the changing rooms, a man and a woman walked into the classroom. I froze like a deer in the headlights. Kevin whispered, "Steady. Steady, Jen. That's Mr. and Mrs. Sullivan. They both teach the evening 'Life Modeling' classes here. Those classes are for the area residents mostly, although some students take advantage of the additional time and experience, to perfect their craft". Mrs. Slate greeted them at the door then turned towards me, and said, "Jenifer dear. Would you come here for a moment?" I walked over slowly, feeling like I was about to receive some reprimand or punishment.

As I neared the two strangers, Mrs. Slate said, "This is Jenifer", addressing them. She then turned to me, and said, "Jenifer this is Mr. and Mrs. Sullivan. They are both art instructors here at the college, and they're searching for 'Life Models' for the evening classes, so I called them while you were posing. I hope you don't mind". I almost died of embarrassment, as I met the couple while totally naked. I felt like I was under a microscope. I shook hands with the tall couple, who appeared to be in their late forties, feeling I was being viewed as some ten-year-old girl, due to my height, weight, breasts size, hair style and of course, my completely hairless pussy. I felt so insignificant and incredibly exposed and vulnerable, as I heard Mrs. Slate say, "I do apologize to you two. All of the robes are down in the laundry until tomorrow". "Apologize! Apologize? To them?", I thought to myself. She didn't have the foresight to retain two lousy robes for Kevin and me, now she's apologizing to the fully clothed art instructors! "How about apologizing to the 'Stark-Naked' girl with the bald pussy, that's been on display for everyone for well over an hour!", I again, thought to myself.

There was a reprieve in my very public degradation, as Mrs. Slate looked at her watch, and said, "Jenifer. You may return to your position now", as if she were a teacher, telling a grade school student to return to her desk. Kevin was already sitting in the chair with his toga in place, watching me as I went through my naked inspection, by the three art instructors. I don't believe I have ever been so insulted in my life! Mrs. Slate had just treated me like a child in front of the Sullivans! The fact that it was time for segment #5 to start, is the only thing that kept me from coming completely unglued right there. Naked or not! I simply nodded to the couple, then returned to the modeling area, more furious than I ever remember being!

I walked up to where Kevin was seated and placed my feet where they had been for the previous segments, then slid them slightly further apart. I leaned over and found myself shaking in anger, as I placed my hands back on Kevin's knees. He could tell I was furious, so attempted to calm my nerves, by saying, "Take it easy, Jen. She's just a sweet old lady, living in a different time". I replied in a whisper, but with a stern tone, "That crazy old woman invited that couple over here to see my naked body, without even consulting me? Well, damn it! If they want to see my naked body, I'll give them a great view of my bare ass and shaved pussy!", as I stared at Kevin, while arching my back in somewhat of a defiant and provocative pose.

I was noticing the slightest sign, of what I would call disappointment, in Kevin's expression, as I looked to him for approval. Suddenly he flipped over his right hand from being placed downward on his knee, to instantly having his palm facing up, and holding my left hand. He looked at me, and asked in a low, earnest tone, "Jen. If you and I had robes to put on between poses, would you be feeling this way?" His question took me 'So much by surprise', I started to stumble through my response. "Well. maybe not, but". Before I could continue, Kevin said, with the most empathetic expression on his face, "Jenifer. This class wasn't even confirmed until I agreed to pose, when Professor Lynch called me this morning at 9:00. The robes had already been sent to the laundry last night. Mrs. Slate never gave it a thought". He then said, "She's not trying to embarrass you, Jenifer. I really hope you understand what I'm about to say. At this very moment, you are a 'Life Model", and that was your choice".

Kevin continued, as I started to have a real 'Heart to Heart' with myself. "Jen. You and I are supposed to be 'Nude'. I think you forget that. We are here to pose 'In the Nude' for the student artists. No one is looking at you as if you had just stripped naked in a public bar or something. You and I are the subjects they came to portray, whether in charcoal pencil or paint. Now try to relax and enjoy the experience". I could feel my feet subconsciously moving back into the position they had been in throughout the class, as my spine began to relax. An overwhelming sense of guilt and shame came over me, not because I was naked, but because I had assumed that sweet little old lady was trying to humiliate me in public. I resumed my position and held it throughout the 5th segment.

I was now pondering my own moral code, as the segment came to an end. I stood up to stretch, when I noticed the Sullivans were still standing by the open classroom door, as Mrs. Slate went from supervising the four students, to walking in their direction. The three instructors had a ten second huddle, when Mrs. Slate asked, "Jenifer, dear, do you have a moment?', as she quietly slipped away, leaving me alone and naked, walking towards the Sullivans, to what end, I had no idea. Determined not to appear unaccommodating or argumentative, after Kevin's little speech, I walked over, holding myself in a respectable and upstanding manner, yet not seeming vain or arrogant, in any way. At least that was my intention. Seconds later I was standing before the Sullivans, once again feeling like a ten-year-old little girl. 