London Shopgirl
By 
Marie LeClare

I went into a little shop, near the Kensington Palace Hotel, on my first 
trip to London. I really wanted to doll myself up for a night out in 
London, hopefully looking for the local talent of hot women, or birds as 
they're called in that part of the world. 

I noticed this beautiful sales clerk across from the bra and knickers, in 
the lingerie section, who really took my breath away. My pussy began to 
sense a horny attraction and started to anticipate the inevitable. 
Soon this sales assistant started to walk over in my direction and my heart 
began to pound what would I say or do? She introduced herself as Sarah with 
a sultry smile, and the cutest Irish accent outside of Boston. I told her I 
was interested in thongs so she led me to the correct section. 
She commented on my figure, and I must admit I do work out religiously 
since I had been unceremoniously dumped by my ex girlfriend who said my ass 
was too big, and who turned out to be straight. 

I noticed that her figure was exceptional and that she deliberately had her 
thong exposed in a sexy kind of way. We soon started making small talk and 
I found out that we were both single and planning on going out into London 
tonight. We agreed to meet up with her friends for a really big night out, 
after she told me the name of the bar, and it's location. 

We met up at a bar called Jugs, which I was to find out was a well known 
girl bar, and as it turned out there were 14 of us in our party. I wondered 
how she knew that I was a lesbian and wouldn't object, but I didn't really 
care. Sarah looked divine, or as they say, smashing, and sat next to me 
which led me to think I had struck gold. 

As the night moved on Sarah and I noticed how our friends had paired off 
and were going home as they said they "were tired". Soon it was just Sarah 
and I left from our party. She suggested that we could go back to her place 
for a drink, which was above the shop she worked at, and it wasn't that far 
away. 

We held hands on the walk back and Sarah said to me she thought I was 
beautiful and she was glad that I hadn't been hit on, or as they say, 
chatted up by anyone else in the party, and that she had me all to 
herself. We kissed gently on the lips and gazed into each others eyes. Her 
sultry look now replaced with a look of kindness and lovingness. 

She led me to her flat which was immaculate just like her. Gentle music was 
put on in the background and Sarah made us each a drink. She sat next to 
me, putting her arm over my shoulder, and we kissed for hours. 
Gently caressing each other and stroking forbidden parts. I was in 
heaven. It was divine. Soon Sarah became more adventurous and forthcoming 
and whispered something into my ear. Words I thought I would never 
hear. She said the moment I had walked into the shop she was attracted to 
both my face and body. She couldn't help but notice my tight ass and how 
she wanted to do things to it. By now she had undressed us, so that we were 
completely naked, and she was playing with my, by now, soaking wet pussy. 
She said she idolized my ass and wanted to fuck it.  I said do what ever 
you want and by now the evening had progressed to a new turn with an 
amazing effect. She turned me over on the couch and started licking my ass 
cheeks. I had never had this done before and found it a real turnon. 
She became dominant and licked my ass really hard, dragging her tongue 
along the crack of my ass, which really drove me wild. She fingered my ass 
and pussy with such effect I almost passed out when I came. It didn't hurt 
but drove me wild. 

I duly wanted to repay the favor, to the best of my ability. So I turned 
her over on her tummy and started to kiss and lick, starting at her 
shoulders. Giving her little kisses and slowly licking down to the small of 
her back. Then dragging my tongue along the crack of her ass to her sopping 
wet pussy. 

My tongue exploring her delicate folds, gently tugging at her pussy lips 
with my lips. Then plunging my tongue deep and probing her pussy walls with 
my inquisitive tongue. Tongue fucking her as I caressed her ass cheeks, and 
gently spanked her, until she arched her back, stiffened for a moment, and 
gushed. Her pussy filling my mouth with her sweet girl honey. 

After she had recovered, she whispered something I never thought I'd ever 
agree to having anyone do to me. "I want to fuck you", she whispered, and 
told me not to move as she got up to get the dildo. In what seemed like 
hours, but in reality was only a few minutes she returned with the harness 
on and the plastic dick sticking straight out like a sword. 

Helping me to my hands and knees, she knelt behind me and held the plastic 
dick to my wet pussy. Pushing her hips I felt it enter me and fill my 
cavity. She reached for my hair with one hand and her other hand went under 
me to cuddle my wet swollen clit. Grabbing my hair like reins, she started 
to move her hips and the dick went where no dick had ever gone before, deep 
inside. 

As she patted my swollen wet clit and fucked me, her breath was getting as 
ragged as mine, and with every plunge I could feel the tingle getting 
stronger. Before I could scream, "I'm on the edge", I came in a mind 
blowing orgasm. First one, then another, having multiples, until she 
moaned, "Oh God I'm cumming". 

Although we saw each other every day, my vacation seemed to be over too 
soon. As she saw me off at the airport, I knew I would never forget London, 
and left a little piece of my heart in Kensington.