TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  APRIL 2008 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, MM, MF, IR, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


TITLE: Hijacked Marriage Series:Case#2:Gerald and Gail
By: C.D.E.


CAST:
Gerald  Husband
Gail  Gerald's Wife

George  Gail's Boss
Gill - Gail's Co-Worker
Grover - Gail's Black Co-Worker



	My name is Gerald.  My wife's name is Gail.  We have been married for almost three years.  

	I considered our marriage to be very harmonious, since she and I are deeply in love as well as the best of friends.  We had postponed starting a family until we had gotten our finances in a desired state.

	We recently moved to the town of Phantomville because of job opportunities.

	I was working at an accounting firm and Gail worked at a small high tech software company.  I believe there were only 5 or 6 employees at her company.  She had only been working there a few months and really seemed to fit in and loved the culture of the small business.

	Gail is a beautiful woman.  Many of my buddies called her a dick magnet. Many of my friends were jealous of me for finding such a vivacious catch.  I to was surprised that she was attracted to me, for I'm somewhat of a nerd, even though I don't look all that unattractive.  I'm of small stature physically, with a mild, and almost unassuming  manner and a easy going non-confrontational personality.

	Gail, who is a bit more assertive than me, had told me that was one of the things that drew her to me was that I was not the bossy macho type, but one who respected her for more than her good looks.  She was very witty and well read, which combined with her obvious physical  attraction,  caused me to fall head over heels in love with her.

	I thought all was well with us until one evening Gail revealed a bombshell to me as we were preparing dinner, one which her boss and and a couple of her co-workers were coming over dine with us.

	She had asked me to cook because, thanks to my mother, I was pretty good in the kitchen.  Gail conceded I was a better cook than her.

	Gerald darling, I have something to tell you that I believe will change our marriage for the better.

	What is it Gail dear?  I replied as I was taking a freshly baked apple pie from the oven.

	Gerald, as soon as you finish there, why don't you come over here and have a seat.  I need to have this talk with you before the guys arrive.

	I did as she asked, sensing that she had something serious on her mind. Our guests  her boss and co-workers, I'd never met before.

	Gerald, honey, I know this may cause you some bit of concern, but I don't want you to worry in the least, because I still love you very much and I still want you to be my husband and soul mate.  Okay?

	O-Okay Gail. This is beginning to sound ominous and I don't have clue as to what you're going to tell me.  Should we wait until after dinner and your boss and co-workers have departed?  I asked.

	No darling, for when they arrive, they too are going to bring it up this subject, so I want you to be prepared to discuss it with them.  Really darling, I shouldn't say discussion, more like I want you ready to agree with them and accept what they will be demanding of you.

	Demanding?

	Yes darling, demanding.  You see honey, my boss George and my co-workers Gill and Grover want me to be there woman, sexually, even though I'll still be married to you.

	What!  Y-You can't be serious.

	Gail went on to reveal that she had been having sex with all three for the last couple of months and while they basically coerced her into it the first time, she enjoyed it so, she became a wiling participant after that.

	Gerald, it was so thrilling to be had by three such muscular, handsome, well endowed men one after the other and on occasion all three in me at the same time.  Their cock are all so much bigger than your small prick and really filled and stretched me to the limit.  That's the real reason why my cunt has felt a bit loser lately darling.

	Now honey, I don't mean to hurt you or demean your manhood, but they really are better in bed than you'll ever be.  They are real men in my eyes sweetie, and I hope you can understand and accept why they want to step in and take over our marriage.  For you see, they want to assume the role of... I guess the right term is Alpha males and for you to remain as the subservient husband, doing as you're told.

	What!  I-I can't believe...

	I haven't finished darling.  They also want me to have their children too.  And I'm very partial to that also.  For I think all three will make beautiful babies in me.

	Stunned and silent and basically dumbfounded, I listened as Gail told me that George was handsome and a red head.  Gill was tall and blond.  Grover was tall and black.

	Upon hearing all this combined with the news that one of the men was black that she'd been having wanton sex with, almost made me faint.

	Gerald, it was their idea, since neither of them are married or really have the desire for marriage.  It seems the three of them have had the thought of doing what they call hijacking a marriage and making a wife their woman and slut, even to the point of that wife having babies from them as part of her family.  I too thought they were nuts when they first proposed it, especially with me as the subject to be bred. But they are so assertive and aggressive, I was no match for them.  They, being the strong, determined, and persuasive men they are, I became putty in their hands. 

	After they got me to tell them all about you, they set their eyes on you and I as their targeted couple.

	W-What did you tell them a-about me?  I asked with a cracking voice .

	Well, lets see.  That you were easy going, and not confrontational, and that you have a 4 inch long cock.  They always liked for me to tell them that as they were ramming me with their much more sizable members.  I also let them know you often had to eat me out to get me off, and often had to taste your own cum.  They really seemed to like hearing me say that, cause they want you to eat their cum out of my pussy after they fuck me from now on.

	T-They W-What! A-And y-you t-told them a-about..."

	I couldn't help it Gerald honey.  As I said, they are so persuasive.  And combined with the exceptional and plentiful sex they were giving me, like I said, I was putty in their hands.  I'm hoping you understand,  because even though at first, I too thought they were crazy, I have come to see that what they want to do is so exciting and wicked and even a bit naughty.  They've convinced me to become their slut and breeder.

	G-Gail y-you c-can't mean...

	I do darling.  I guess they awoke something kinky in me.  And I can see why they as real men want to impose themselves on you and humiliate you by doing this  it's their egos and probably them also  fulfilling a kink of their's too.   And the more they told me about it, I too have developed a sort of kink too.  That is, being married to a loving sweet husband like you, but being the wanton slut to a group of strong forceful men, who make me have their babies, while you stay in the background unable to object, but have to provide and raise them.  And Gerald, I know you don't have a mean bone in you, so I know you'll be a great and loving daddy to all the babies they make me have.

	Whoa!  T-This is-is too much.  I-I j-just c-can't b-believe that they can e-expect me to j-just sit b-back and...

	Well darling, I do, and they hope so too.  Because if you don't, they may have to persuade you in a way you may dislike.  They did talk about whipping you to get you to see things their way, that is, if you were uncooperative.

	W-Whip me?'

	Yes darling. I know you don't like violence, and neither do I. So I'm hoping you agree to sit down and  listen to their proposition and other demands they plan to put on the table.

	W-What other demands?

	Well honey, for one thing, as the lesser male in this arrangement, they'll expect you to respect them as real men, and  pay homage to them.

	H-Homage, you mean money?

	I think they have something else in mind.  They talked of you being on your knees and sucking their dicks.

	W-What!  N-No way! I-I w-won't be a fag for them.  I-I don't care if they do b-beat me.

	Okay Gerald darling, have it your way.  But like they told me, just because you suck their dicks doesn't make you gay.  They'll talk to you some more about that.  And to be honest honey, I think it would be cute and exciting to see you on your knees with their big dicks in your mouth just happily sucking away.  

	By the way, I had never sucked dicks before they trained me.  It's really feels good to be sucking on their big hard dick meat and then having my tonsils flooded with their hot slimy creamy semen.  Since you've tasted your own several times when you were getting me off after prematurely ejaculating in me, I really don't think you're going to have a problem becoming their cocksucker.

	O-Oh G-Gail I-I can't believe y-you're saying these things.

	I know it's a shock sweetie, but yes I'm serious and the guys will be here any minute to confirm it.  I also might as well let you know that in addition, they also will want me to deny you from putting your cock in my pussy until they give you permission, which may be for a long time, and for sure not until I have all their babies.

	DING! DONG!  The sound of the door bell caused me to jump.

	My wife's last statement caused me to become speechless again, and knowing that the men of which she had spoken were here, I felt literally paralyzed with terror and fear.

(((THE DINNER MEETING))))

	Gerald darling, this is my boss George.

	Hi there Gerald, glad to meet you at last.  Gail has told me a lot about you.  You got some wife here.  And she's very good in bed too.  He said as he looked down at me, winked, and shook my hand tightly, actually too tightly, for I winced in pain before he let go.  He had to be about 6'2 and a full head taller than me. 

	I couldn't believe what I heard him say.  I was truly dumbfounded and stunned.  I wouldn't have shook his hand, but he grasped it.

	And this is Grover.  Said my wife smiling as she introduced the tall well built black man.

	Hi dude.  Nice to meet the husband of this fine piece of ass.  He said as he cupped my wife's ass with one of his large hands.  She just smiled and leaned toward him.  I was even more speechless in response to his words.  Grover grabbed my hand and squeezed it tight too, even though it was hanging at my side.

	And this is Gill. Spoke Gail.

	Hey man, great to finally meet.  I've heard so much about you and your small prick.  He said smiling with a very obvious smirk.  He too was rather tall and well built too.

	Well Gerald, I assume your wife has told you why we're here.  Spoke George,the boss.

	Y-Y-Yes, b-but l-look, y-you can't be serious a-about...

	Yes we are Gerald.  It's just like she's told you.  We have decided to take over your wife and marriage.

	T-That's crazy.  S-Surely y-you're joking.  Y-You must b-be out of your mind to think t-that y-you can walk right in our house and just...

	SLAP!  George's back hand slap sent me reeling and I fell on the couch.  My face was really burning and there literally were stars before one eye, on the side of my face that he slapped.

	Does that tell you're we're joking?  And that wasn't anywhere near as hard as I can hit.  Understand?

	Stunned beyond belief, and rubbing my face, I simply nodded.

	Good! Now that we have your attention Gerald, just be quiet and listen.  We didn't come here to cause you or your beautiful wife any trouble.  We simply want to take over your marriage and have your wife become our slut.  We three have 
plans to have sex with her whenever we desire, and expect you to not to interfere in the least.

	We also have plans to knock her up so she'll have our babies. At the present we're thinking two each are what we have in mind, however, we may change our plans as time goes on.

	I looked at him wild eyed and I was even more stunned than before.  I continued to rub my burning face.

	So, pantywaist, what do you say?

	P-Please d-don't do t-this t-to us.  W-We don't have m-much money, b-but...

	Money!  Is that what you think this is about.  It's about us giving your wife the kind of dicking she can't get from you.  Grover roared at me in  his bass masculine voice.  As he took a step toward me, I cringed fearful he may hit me too.

	Look Gerald honey, there is no use in fighting this. Spoke Gail as she came to my rescue and by my side.

	They are very determined to do this.  We have to accept it.  That's all there is to it.  Look dear, you know you can't fight this or them.  It's going to happen.  We just have to make the best of it.  I've already agreed to their terms dear.  So if you love me, you'll do the same.  Okay honey?

	Y-You know I-I do.  Y-You really t-think we should Gail?

	Yes, Gerald we should.  My wife replied resolutely.

	O-O-Okay George, y-you all w-win.  I replied softly and sheepishly hanging my head.

	Good decision Gerald, that's what a good pantywaist husband does when he knows his wife needs a real man in the marriage.  And now for your role.

	Gerald, we expect your full and complete cooperation.  We demand that you be fully obedient to us.  Okay?

	I-I guess I-I'll have to.  I replied meekly and softly with a tone of resignation.

	And Gerald, you know the best way for a pantywaist husband to show his respect to a real man?

	N-No.

	By being a willing cocksucker for the three of us and do so on command without resistance or complaints.  And of course we expect you swallow all our cum.

	N-No!  P-Please... I-I don't k-know h-how t-to...

	You can learn darling.  It won't take you anytime.  Plus it'll be good for you to see up close, and and feel what a real man's cock can do.

	You are lucky to have such a smart and pretty wife Gerald.  Spoke Grover.

(((((THE NEXT DAY)))))


	G-Gail, I-I  let y-you a-and myself down.  I-I g-guess I-I'm just a-a pussy boy like t-they said.

	No darling, you didn't let me or yourself down.  You did wonderful.  You proved to yourself that you have the courage to be a great cuckold and subjugated husband.   By the way, sucking their dicks and swallowing jism wasn't that bad was it?

	SIGH! N-No it-it wasn't.  I replied sheepishly.

	And don't you worry sweetie, the more practice you get, you'll enjoy it even more.

	SIGH! A-And from the way they talk, it looks as if I'll be sucking their dicks a lot.

	You will darling, yes you will.  And my cum filled pussy too.  Gail added with a slight smirking, but gleeful smile.  Her creamy, cummed in pussy, which contrary to my expectations, was really very tasty.  Much more so than when I tasted my cum in her.  The guys ejaculate was so much more abundant and thicker and richer.  I had to suck her very sloppy drippy pussy clean of each of their ejaculations each time her boss and Grover and Gill fucked her.

	And honey, I must say you really did wonderful when you did as you were told and jerked yourself off.  And even though you were scared and humiliated, you looked so cute as you caught your spend in your hand, and licked and sucked it all down.  The guys loved seeing you do that, as did I.  It showed them that  you respected them and their rule.

	I-It was so embarrassing, b-but I-I was also horny.  I-I needed relief. G-Gail I-I felt so-so, er, ashamed t-that I got hard seeing t-them fuck you a-and use you the way they did.  I stammered with my head hung.

	You have nothing to be ashamed of sweetie, it simply meant you were happy to see me get what you couldn't give me.  No husband should feel ashamed of that. Okay?

	O-Okay, thanks, t-that does makes me feel better.

	And honey, I would've been disappointed if you didn't get hard and play with yourself while other men were fucking me.  Gail said, then kissed me on the forehead.

(((((((((SIX WEEKS LATER)))))))))))))

	well Gerald, it's been well over a month now, and the guys are really  pleased with you. You haven't given them one single bit of trouble.  I guess by now you see they really aren't a bad lot, even if they have commandeered us both as their sex slaves.  Said my wife one evening as we arrived home from work and we were making small talk about a big thing in our marriage.

	I-I guess so.  They are demanding, but as long as I do what they say, we've been getting along rather well. They know I-I'm easily intimidated and cowed by them, so I try not to give them any reason to get physical or violent.

	That's the best way honey, and they really respect you for that too. They're always telling me at work what a good husband you are too.  They really adore your cooking and like that you are so domestic around the house.  Your mother really did you a favor teaching you how to cook and clean house.

	Speaking of that. Gail, do you really think that it's necessary for me to wear only a apron and panties when I-I'm cooking or-or doing housework?  I-I know they want me to do it to s-show respect for their superior manhood when they're over.  B-But is-isn't it kind of silly for me...

	Why don't you take it up with George, I'm sure he'll listen to you honey.

	N-No, I-I d-don't have the nerve to-to do it with him.  R-Remember, he's the one that first slapped me down.  I-I'm still cowed by him just from being near him. I-I was hoping y-you would talk to him Gail.  Please?

	Gerald honey, no I want.  After all, if they didn't want you wearing panties and those lovely pink and lavender old fashioned lacy long pinafores, they wouldn't have taken time to find and buy them for you.  Don't you think?

	SIGH!  Y-Yes, you're right, of course.

	And besides Gerald, the guys like groping your exposed cute ass and feeling you up. You mean to tell me, you want them to stop manhandling and feeling you up?  When they feel you up, your little peter always seem to get all nice and hard.  That would seem to tell me you like being fondled and felt up by a real man.  And sweetie, you do look so sweet wearing lacy sheer panties.  They are right for you.

	Oh Gail, I-I don't know why that happens.  B-But I-I know that I-I'm not not nowhere as manly as they are a-and I-I don't want them to misunderstand me.  A-And I-I don't want to offend them, b-but...

	Honey, first of all, I might as well stop you here.  There are no buts about it, the guys want you to dress that way because it boosts their egos to see you looking effeminate and well, sweet looking.  That's all it is to it.

	I-I see.  W-Well if-if it's going to bother them, I-I won't complain anymore about wearing panties and those frilly pinafores.

	Plus sweetie, it makes it easier for them to get to your cute ass when they want to fuck you.  Don't you like them doing that?

	W-Well, I-I have gotten use to it.  A-And since the guys are so uncomfortable when they're horny and have throbbing dicks, they get somewhat irritable and confrontational.  I-I just see it as easier for me to suck on their swollen rigid dicks o-or to let them fuck me, than possibly become a target of their ire.

	I couldn't agree with you more Gerald. You're doing the right thing darling.

	And you know Gail, even though I feel very intimidated by the guys, I have to admit I can't help but admire them for how well they've invaded our marriage and gotten us to surrender to them.

	It is amazing isn't it?  But I know for a fact Gerald, that I feel very good about the way they invade my pussy.  I'm so happy to have them constantly after me with their horny dicks.

	And I've come to see and understand how much happier you are because of that too.  And speaking of their dicks, I'm glad that the guys, especially George, took time to teach me that it's all right, and very common and natural for a milquetoast like me, with a small cock, to get on the receiving end of big dicks and to relish the experience.

	I guess it just goes to prove that forced intervention can sometimes result in a harmony and happiness that otherwise may never have happen.  Spoke my wife philosophically.

	Very well said dear.  And I'm just glad that you haven't lost any respect for me because of what the guys have me doing for them and their cocks.

	Oh no honey, I fully respect you for what you are.  That's one of the reason I love you so and am delighted that you are my husband.  And I just adore that they've made you their pussy bitch boy.

	Thanks Gail, hearing you say that means a lot to me.

	You're welcome darling.  And I really meant it when I said that the guys appreciate what a great cock taker you've become.  They're always telling me at the office how you willingly please their dicks when told to do so.  And George raves about how tractable and obedient you are.

	He just loves the way you take your clothes off whenever he snaps his finger and wants you completely naked.

	He says it shows respect to real men when I'm taking their dicks.  I-I've gotten rather comfortable being that way when I suck the guys' cocks or have them humping me.

	And you look good in panties too sweetie.

	George says he's going to buy some pearl jewelry for me to wear too.  He thinks that as a pussy boy, I'll look good wearing a pearl choker and matching pearl rings and a bracelet too, as I'm helping them discharge their balls down my throat or in my ass pussy.

	Yes, Gerald, I think you would look very becoming wearing them too.  They do make a strong and undeniable feminine statement.

	He said the very same thing.

	And honey, I'm so pleased that you've come to appreciate real men's dicks as much as I do, and that you have a taste for their pent up hot bothersome burning sperm yearning for release.

	Yes I do.  I've really come to relish eating the stuff. 

	Honey, George told me some time ago he thought a bird dick husband like you would do well suckling up semen from bigger dicks, and it turns out he was so right.  He's so wise isn't he?  Are you pleased that he and the guys are the masters of our household and marriage?

	I said nothing but nodded affirmatively.

	My wife also reminded me that the three guys were still debating whether to give me periodic spankings or whipping to remind me of my lesser role.

	Oh Gail, t-they don't have to do that.  I-I've really worked hard to c-cooperate with them.

	I know you have honey.  But remember, they are the men here, so you'll have to go along with their game plan.  Okay?

	This time I sighed loudly, and again, said nothing, but nodded my head to acknowledge that she was correct.


(((((EPILOGUE)))))


	It's been 6 years since my marriage was taken over, or high jacked, by my wife's boss and two of her co-workers.

	We have two beautiful children whose biological dads are George and Grover. Gail is now pregnant again with Gill's baby, which according to ultrasound testing, is going to be twins.

	I haven't had intercourse with my wife at all since the guys commandeered my marriage. They require me to beat my meat, but I have to do so under their or my wife's supervision, and I always have to consume my spend.

	Having to jack off all those years hasn't been so bad, occasionally, my wife will give me a hand job, so that helps.

	And true to his word, Gail's boss and each of the guys, have taken me across their knees and given me numerous hard spankings, to remind me of my subordinate role.  It's not that I have given them any reason to punish me that way, but they seem to like to do it anyway, so I have no choice but to endure them all.  Gail always wants to watch when they spank or whip me.  And afterwards, she always seems to love rub my sore swollen blistered ass cheeks with rubbing cream.

	I have pretty much settled in as a stay at home spouse taking care of the kids.  The guys decided that they would rather have me at home than Gail. 

	The guys continue to get a kick from having sex with me and, well, I guess, I've become acclimated to their needs too.

	I'm sure you can tell by now, I have grown to accept the guys as masters of our household, and as our men, that is for both my wife and myself. 

	And  I've become quite acclimated to being their sex boy toy bitch and  subservient maidservant to them as well as my wife.  My wife really delights in my being so pussy whipped too.
	

#END#

	


