Matinee Idylls, Candy is Dandy

By JimBob 
Copyright 2010

Mggg, fondling,mast,interr

This is a sequel to Ladonna and Her Sisters.  Ladonna and Maddy
and Leticia are back, and ready for more hot action at the
matinee.  What will it take to bring a reluctant little girl
around?



  I was a little early for the matinee, so I walked down to the
end of the block, and then I decided to go into the grocery store
and buy a little bag of cheaper candy.  They charged an arm and a
leg for it at the concession stand.  As I was walking back to the
candy aisle, I saw a rather large black woman walking down the
aisle with three little girls following her.  The oldest looked
familiar from the back.  Then she turned and walked back a few
steps to look at a package on the shelf.

  Ladonna!  I recognized her at once.  She glanced at me, looked
away, and then did a double take.  I could see she recognized me
too.  She looked from me to her mother and sisters, who were
going around the corner of the aisle.  Then she gave me a smile
and a little wave, and she scampered off to catch up with her
family.

  I went on down the aisle and around the opposite way to the
candy assortment and picked out a larger selection of candy. 
Maybe he girls were going to the movie when they were done
shopping.  At any rate, I would find good use for the candy, I
was sure.

  I saw Ladonna and Leticia and Maddy again, but as I approached
them, I saw their mama, and I shied off and went to check out.  I
did not see them again as I left the store and sauntered slowly
back to the theater, stuffing the candy into a large jacket
pocket as I went.  The ticket office was open and kids were lined
up, so I examined the marquee, and the coming attraction posters
in the entry until the line went down, and a couple other adults
were in line, then I went and got my ticket.

  I passed up the concession stand, and went into the central
aisle, and sat in the back row seat on the aisle as I usually
did.  I did not see Ladonna anywhere, but I was not surprised,
because I had not seen them go in before me.  So I sat and
watched kids file in, watching for possible prospects.

  I was watching a pair of young girls sitting down toward the
front, and being approached by an older white man who I knew
liked little girls as I did, and he seemed to be scoring, as he
sat down next to the bigger girl, and she did not move away.  I
was trying to see if that possibly was Felicia and Jackie, when I
felt a warm presence against my left arm on the armrest.

  I looked up, and it was Ladonna!  She looked down at me, and
then she took her sister Leticia by her shoulders and moved her
next to my seat.

  "Wait for me right here.  I have to go to the bathroom."

  Leticia glanced at me as I dropped my arm off the armrest, but
she did not move as I brought my hand slowly up between her legs.
 Maddy peeked around her sister and smiled at me.  I winked at
her and she giggled and ducked back.

  Leticia let her legs open slightly, so my hand could make it
from inside her knee to mid thigh.  Then she opened them more,
and I made it up to the wider spot little girls have between
their legs, right below their pussy.  I touched her pussy through
her little cotton panties, and Leticia spread her legs a little
more.

  I think Maddy knew something was going on, because she peeked
around again, smiled at me and looked up into her sister's face,
then down at her middle.  I let my hand go forward, and did a
couple of motions with the front of Leticia's dress.  Maddy
giggled again, as Leticia yanked her back to her side.

  I turned my hand, and cupped the little seven year old pussy
mound in my palm, and gently began to squeeze and massage it
through her panties.  Then I had to let go as Ladonna came back,
and gave Leticia a push to start her down the aisle.  They parked
in almost the same seats they were in the first day I met them.

  I went to the concession stand for four boxes of buttered
popcorn.  Three of these I distributed to the girls, which made
me some points with Leticia, I could see.  I took my box, and sat
in my aisle seat Ladonna had saved for me, and we all munched,
and discussed the antics of the boys showing off in the front
row.

  The theater darkened for the coming events, and Ladonna nudged
my arm.  I looked down and the girl was holding her wadded up
panties out to me.  I smiled at her, and took them and brought
them up to my nose for a good sniff of her little girl tang. 
Then I stuck them down between my thighs, tight up next to my
balls.

  Ladonna arranged her legs so they were spread to the arm rest
on either side, and I slipped my hand under her skirt ad ran it
up her smooth thigh to her even smoother pussy skin.  She was
already a little wet between the lips, and she jumped a little
when I ran a finger up her slick cleft and on to her clit.

  Maddy was not missing a trick today, and I saw her lean out and
look at me across her sister's lap.  I caught her eye and she
grinned at me.  I was getting the idea that Maddy had not minded
the petting I gave her little pussy last time, and would not say
no to a repeat performance.  I was not averse to this either, but
my short little dalliance with Leticia had me thinking I wanted
to finger that little clit without panties in the way.

  So I set about to getting big sister Ladonna to have her good
cum.  I figured if I could manipulate her clit and give her an
orgasm she would be sated. Then she would not get angry if I
asked her to let me have a shot at little sister Leticia, and
maybe Maddy too.  Did you ever have too many girls?  More than
you had hands?  I had a feeling Maddy would do whatever I wanted,
and Leticia would come around soon enough for a candy bar. Maybe
she would even take her panties off for me.  Or let me take them
off.  Yes, I decided I would take them off her.  It was so erotic
to remove little girl panties with their help.

  I leaned over loser to Ladonna, and she leaned closer to me so
we could talk.

  What were you guys doing in the store today?  As I asked, I
lightly pinched her clit between two fingers and my thumb, and
rolled it between them.

  Ummm!  Mmmm.  Yes!  Um, Mamma wanted to get some collard
greens and ham hocks for dinner tomorrow.  Ummmm!

  Oh, you lucky dogs!  I love collard greens.  You like that? 
I rolled her clit around again.

  Ummm!  That feels good!  Ladonna thrust her pelvis forward
and upward.  Mmmm Ummm!  She wiggled her hips from side to
side, and thrust back up against my fingers. Uh, uh, uh.  She
said, as she thrust her hips three times.  Then she held herself
up straining for about ten seconds.  Maddy looked at her with
some alarm, then looked at me.  I smiled and winked.  Ladonna
collapsed back into her seat, and pushed my arm away, dislodging
my fingers.  Maddy watched as I stuck my two fingers in my mouth.
 She grinned as she sat back.

  Now I think we need some drinks.  I spoke loud enough for all
the girls to hear.  Cokes Okay?  I was licking Ladonna's love
juice off my fingers as I spoke.

  The girls all nodded.

  Come with me and help carry them?  I asked Ladonna.

  She instructed Leticia to take her place, and save our seats,
and then came out, as I stuffed her panties into my pocket and
started up the aisle.

  I wanted to talk to Ladonna, and I didn't want Leticia to hear.
 So when we got in the lobby, I led her aside.

  Ladonna, I want to see if I can pleasure Leticia like I just
did you.  Do you think she will let me do it?

  She was already shaking her head.  Uh uh!  Leticia scared!
Leroy hurt her too bad.  Mama had to use a tampon to stop the
blood.  Leroy hurt her bad!  She scared!

  I'll be really careful and gentle.  After we finish our drink,
will you take her to the bathroom and talk to her?  See if she
will take her panties off.  Anyway, when she comes back, have her
sit by me.  I would never hurt a little girl.  Tell her that. 
And tell her if she says stop, I will stop.

  Okay.  Ladonna said doubtfully.

We went over to get the cokes.  After we sat down, I handed out
candy for them to munch on while they sipped their drinks.  When
the two bigger girls got done with their drinks, they left for
the bathroom.  Maddy crept into the seat next to me and sat as
she had seen Ladonna sit, with legs wide spread.

  It took me about ten seconds to get my hand up to her panty
covered crotch.  I could not feel much through her rather
over sized panties, probably hand me downs.  But it was real easy
for my fingers to make their way up into the too loose leg hole.

  The little thigh had been warm and smooth, but inside those
panties was a warm, slightly moist, smooth little pussy that was
gaping wide open.  I barely caressed the cleft, the velvety
smooth inner parts, and her tiny little clit, before I decided I
needed more moisture up there.  So I withdrew my hand, and at the
same time I said, take your panties off for me, Maddy.

  Without any hesitation at all, she lifted her butt off the
seat, and she had those panties shucked off before I could get a
hand down to help her.  I got hold of them and she trustingly
released them to me, and I got my second sniff of little girl
panties that afternoon.  A slightly more salty pee scent in her
crotch,  The little girl was probably in too much of a hurry to
wipe well, if at all. Her juice on my finger had a little salt
tang too, as I licked my middle finger, getting it nice and
loaded with saliva for the next trip up under her skirt.  Little
Maddy was going to be rewarded for her cooperation with a good
rubbing and tweaking of her little clit.

  First I checked out her vagina opening.  Her hymen was still
intact, so I guess old Leroy hadn't gotten to this little one
yet.  I hoped he wouldn't, because she was such a cheerful,
trusting little girl.  She let out a small squeal and a giggle as
I touched her clit, so I backed off.  Too much sensation before
she was ready for it.  Luckily, the whole audience of kids
squealed at the same time, the main feature was starting.  I
looked around, and I saw Ladonna and Leticia coming down the
aisle, so I got up and moved in on the other side of Maddy.

  When the girls got there, Ladonna looked at me, then she sent
Leticia in first, and she came in past Maddy and I and sat down.
Ladonna sat on the end seat.  Now I was in between the two
younger girls.  I used my other hand on Maddy and got up between
her legs and started rubbing her little clit, more engorged with
blood and harder now.  I did not try anything with Leticia yet. 
I did catch Ladonna's eye and give her a questioning look, and
she nodded her head.  My heart started to beat faster.  It was
always so exciting to feel a new little pussy!

  Leticia was sitting very primly,  Legs close together, dress
pulled down, and hands crossed in her lap.  Her little sister on
my other side had her legs widely splayed, skirt barely covering
my hand on her crotch.  She wiggled and bucked her hips at some
of my caresses.  Though Maddy was a very young girl, she was also
a very hot little girl.

  The one on my other side was something of an enigma to me. She
had been hurt by a man, and so was cautious around them.  Yet,
when I ran my hand up under her dress in the back today, she had
made no sign that she wanted to reject my advances.  I decided to
talk to her.

  Leticia!

  She looked at me.  What you want?

  Did Ladonna ask you?

  Ask me what?

  Ask you to take off your panties and let me touch you down
there.

  I ain't takin' off no pants.  I did for Leroy an' he hurt me!

  I don't want to hurt you.  Dang!  What did Ladonna mean when
she nodded?  Did I hurt you when you were standing by me
before?

  Leticia considered this for a full half minute, then shook her
head no.

  Can I touch your legs again?

  Again a half minute consideration, then a nod yes.  But she
made no move to spread her legs and make it easy for me.

  So I dropped my hand over her nearest knee, and very gently
rubbed it as far up, and as far down between her knees as my hand
could go without moving her dress, or her leg.  She had them
rather tightly clamped together.  I gently rubbed for a while
until I could feel her relaxing her tight control.  That feel
alright?

  A shorter moment of consideration, and a nod.

  Could I go up farther?

  Another nod, after just a moment.  Meanwhile, my other little
partner was leaning forward every couple of minutes to see what I
was doing to her big sister.  I was not missing a stroke on
Maddy, and she was grooving on it.  But you could see she cared
about her bigger sister and was not going to let anything happen
to her.

  I slid my hand up under Leticia's skirt, up her smooth thigh,
still hard with clenched muscles, and back down. When I got back
to her knee, I applied a little pressure to open her legs and
pull the near one toward me.  Very gradually she relaxed it, and
it began to move.  I could get my fingers between her knees and
about half way up the inside of her thigh.  The muscles were
relaxing and softening under my hands.  Her skin was warm, almost
hot down in where her legs had been tight together.  I was able
to move my hand clear up to where I could touch panty crotch,
bunched up between her legs.  They were open enough for me to get
my hand up between them, but not enough to spread her cleft open
yet.  More work ahead!

  Maddy leaned forward and looked again.  When she saw where my
hand was up to, she looked up at me and smiled.  I think the
sweet little kid wanted to see her sister enjoy getting her pussy
played with like she did.

  I kept on with my hand moving up to Leticia's panty covered
pussy, and down to her knee.  Then I pulled the knee toward me,
and back up to bump the soft mound again.  Finally, I thought she
was relaxed enough that I could take a chance on pushing her far
leg clear out to the arm rest on that side.  Then I pulled her
near knee toward my armrest.  Now at last those pretty little
thighs were spread wide open.

  May I?  I whispered.

  Leticia's eyes darted up to meet mine, then back to the screen.
 A small nod was my only answer, but it was all I needed.  My
hand would have darted up her thigh except for two things, I did
not want to scare her, and that tender skin was just too enticing
to my fingers.  I rubbed my way slowly up, savoring every inch of
soft little brown thigh skin.

  When I reached he juncture of thigh and pussy lip, I felt her
panties had not followed the thigh over, the vulva lip was half
exposed.  The panty leg was loose enough that my fingers went up
and into the bottom of the cleft.  Not all the way in.  It was
barely open by the thighs being open, but Leticia was not
secreting enough girl juice to lubricate the inner lips to slip
apart.  I could fix that, but I wanted to stay away from the
vaginal opening, so my finger headed north.  Despite the girl's
efforts to keep it down, the clit had stuck itself out just the
tiniest bit.  My finger hit the tiny tip, and Leticia gave quite
a start, along with a grunt.  It was loud enough that Maddy
leaned forward sharply enough to dislodge my hand, which she
promptly pulled back up against her bare little cunny with both
of her hands.

  Leticia, on her own, slid her butt slightly forward in her
seat, and let her knees open up more until she had her feet up on
the seat, knees spread way out.  I could feel the change in her
pussy right away.  The clit was out way more, enough to get a
finger on, and wiggle around.  I needed some lube though, this
little girl was very dry.  I could imagine Leroy shoving his big
dick into Leticia's dry little hole and how it must have hurt and
torn her tender flesh.  I mentally cursed him and her drunken
mother.  I leaned over and kissed Leticia on the side of her
forehead, and she gave me a startled look, then touched the spot
as if she thought I left a mark.  I wondered if these kids ever
got any affection.

  I pulled my hand out and put my finger in my mouth to moisten
it, getting a small taste of Leticia in the process.  I made
three trips and got the cleft somewhat lubed, and the lips parted
so the slicker inner lips came open under my finger.  How much
easier it would have been if she had taken off her panties...

  But I was making progress.  Now I could rub the clit with a
slicker finger, and I could feel it standing out, engorged with
blood.  Like it or not, Leticia was becoming aroused!

  My little partner on the other side had now taken my hand in
both her little hands, and was guiding my finger to manipulate
her clitoris as she liked it done.  I really wanted Maddy to have
a good orgasm, was she old enough?

  Leticia was old enough, I thought, but she was so in control of
her emotions I doubted if I would see much evidence of it.  With
my last finger full of Saliva, I had opened up her whole cleft. 
I stroked my finger down toward her vagina opening, and instantly
she grew tense.

  It is okay Leticia, I whispered to her. I'm not going way in
there and I won't hurt you.  Just say stop, and I will stop.  I
leaned over and kissed her cheek this time. She did not relax,
but she did not stop me either.  I carefully felt the entrance to
her vagina, the hymen was gone, and there was very little
secretion of fluid, Leticia was just not ready for sex yet.  I
mentally cursed Leroy and all others like him once again.

  I moved my finger back up to the little girl's clit, and she
relaxed her tense body.  When I started to massage the clit with
my finger, she tensed up again.  This was not from fear, but from
pleasure, as I heard a soft moan escape her lips.  After she did
it, she gave me a quick glance, Leticia was not used to dropping
her guard and letting her emotions show.  She wanted to see if I
had caught her little slip. But I had my guard up too, and I
pretended that I thought it was Maddy who made the noise.

  Maddy was making little noises, but they were little cat like
mews when I would get that clit just right.  I would have liked
to take Maddy home with me.  She was so ready, and so eager to
learn.  What a sex toy!  A little brown doll.  I would have liked
to have all three sisters for my own little harem.

  I managed to find Leticia's little spot again.  Umm! Aah!
This time there was no mistaking who said it, and Leticia knew
it.  She wouldn't look at me.

  That feels really good, huh?  I leaned over and whispered it
in her ear.

  She shot me a quick look, but didn't answer.

  I could do it better if your panties weren't in the way.

  Another quick glance, then a quick shake of the head.

  Please?

  Another head shake.

  Pretty please, with sugar and honey on it?

  Another shake, but I saw the dimple and side of the lip come up
in a little smile.

  I'll give you a candy bar.

  A pause and then a head shake.

  Two candy bars?

  Longer pause, then the head shake.

  I'll give you three candy bars.

  A pause, an exasperated, put upon sigh, and she pushed my hand
away, straightened out her legs, and slid her panties down and
off.  Then she crossed her legs with knees up by seat armrests,
and traded me her panties for three candy bars.   I'd have to
take them off of her another time, that was too fascinating to
interrupt...

  You drive a hard bargain.  I told her as I held the small
bundle up to my nose for a good sniff. There was not a lot of
scent in the panties, but what was there was exciting to my
sensory glands, and the pheromones hitting my receptors made my
prick jump and try to get out of my pants.

  Leticia leaned across me, and caught Maddy's attention. She
passed her two of the candy bars, and motioned Maddy to pass one
to Ladonna.  What a sweet little girl!  Her hard bargain was so
she could share.

  The three girls ate their candy and watched the movie, so our
other activities were suspended for the moment.  I just sat and
enjoyed the company of my little brown ladies.

  As soon as Leticia finished her candy bar, she brushed her
hands together, and then reached over for my hand, and led it
back into the junction of her thighs.  I went right for the clit
again, and got a delightful little giggle from my girl.  Then she
looked up at me with a big grin.  I thought   Leticia was showing
her true personality.  A cute, vivacious little girl.  She had
just learned to be cautious around men, but she found out all of
us were not into hurting little girls for their own pleasure.

  Maddy was holding my thumb in one little hand, and my little
finger in the other, and guiding my middle finger into rubbing
and rolling her clit around the way she liked it.  She had a very
serious concentrating look on her face, and I believed she was
about to bring her four year old pussy to its first orgasm.

  I had also settled down to do some serious rubbing of Leticia's
clit to see if I could bring an orgasm on for her.  I had no idea
if it would be her first or not.  I was going to try to make it a
good one.  Leticia was very relaxed under my fingers now. 
Perhaps relaxed is not the right word.  She was more animated,
her hips mere moving in response to my finger action.  Her whole
body moved and swayed to the dancing fingers on her clit.  I
carefully stayed out of the cleft below, so as to not get her on
her guard again.  She was making Mmmm and Ummm sounds just like
her big sister did, and she was not trying to cover them up.

  On the other side of me, Maddy had her little climax, and had
pushed my hand away from her pussy.  I fumbled in my pocket and
handed her back her and big sister Ladonna's panties, as the
movie seemed to be in its final third.  I looked at my watch, and
saw we had less than a half hour to get Leticia to her peak.  I
gave her my full attention. Little clitty rolling around under a
stiff finger tip, then the loose hood being jacked up and down,
like the loose akin on a penis, brought grunts and sighs from the
little girl, as she ascended the mountain of her emotions to the
peak of her orgasm.  I wondered... had she had one before? Did
she know where she was going?  She seemed to be really
concentrating, but her eyes were not on the movie screen, but on
space somewhere above it.

  Suddenly, Leticia gripped the armrests of her seat with both
hands, and lifted her self up off the sear , seemingly trying to
force her clit harder up against my fingers.  When I tried to
back my hand away so the pressure wouldn't hurt her, she chased
my finger, moving her pelvis around in a most acrobatic manner. 
So I kept the finger going on her as she repeated, ah, ah, ah! 
AH!  Each a little louder.  Maddy leaned out to see, so did
Ladonna.  The boy next to her was looking at her with a scared
expression.  Luckily, he was looking at her face and not her lap.
With the final AH; Leticia suddenly let herself back down into
her seat, then she looked around at everyone staring at her with
an expression that said, What's wrong with you people?  Haven't
you seen a girl having an orgasm before?

  When she looked at me, she gave me a big smile, then she got up
on her knees and leaned over into my shoulder, kissed me on the
cheek,and whispered in my ear, that was really good.  Now can I
have my pants back?

  I was speechless, but I handed her the panties.  Leticia
proceeded to put them back on, with the boy next to her watching,
mouth wide open in wonder.  Since he was only about four, I
didn't think he would be a problem with spreading any news.  Then
Leticia fumbled in a dress pocket, and unwrapped a two bite piece
of her candy bar she had wrapped up and saved earlier. She sat
and chewed and watched the last scenes of the movie.  I looked at
Ladonna and Maddy and shrugged my shoulders, and they both
grinned and sat back to watch the last scene also.

  I'm sorry to say, that was the last time I ever saw Ladonna and
her sisters.  I had to make a month long trip, so I lost about
four matinees, and when I returned, the theater was closed
because of a fire.

The End

All of my stories and places, people, and events are figments of
an oversexed imagination.  Do not try this at home.









