We were on the edge of an economic collapse without a hint of relief. I don't expect you to feel sorry for us as just a few short months ago we were living the high life. First, I lost my job as the whole company went belly up. It was scary but Jeff said we would make if we just cut back and we did. We quit going out, I got rid of my Bmer and bought an old clunker. It was tight but we were still able to make most of our bills every month.

Then, what do they say, the other shoe dropped. Jeff not only was fired he was arrested for embezzlement; he said he was just trying to increase our income but he was caught. Now we had only my unemployment for money and even worse, I had to scrape up five thousand dollars for his bail. I maxed all that was left on our credit cards, sold whatever I could and even pawned our wedding rings and I was still two thousand short. I had to get Jeff home but on top of that, we found out his attorney wanted sixty thousand dollars to defend him and wouldn't start the case until we paid him five thousand dollars.

With all this hanging over us, you can imagine how much sleep I was getting. I'd sit up all night on line just trying to pass the night away. I was going through my spam, I mean e-mail, and saw one that said, 'Desperate for cash?' Well that was me all right, so I clicked on the link and all it said was to call after midnight but only if I was desperate. I called only to find an answer machine instructing me to leave a number, which I did.

They never returned my call and I blew it off as typical spam. The next day the phone rang. I was sound asleep for like the first time in days and I just barely located my cell before it went to massage. I groggily said hello,

"Is this the bitch that's looking for money?"

"I beg your pardon, who is this I don't like..."

"Listen bitch I don't like wasting my time, is you hard up for money or not?"

I was wide awake now and realized it must be from that spam I answered,

"Yes I'm the one who called I have to raise two thousand dollars and right away."

"Two thou is a lot of cash, what would you do for that much?"

Without even thinking, I said anything and when he chuckled over the phone I realized how desperate I sounded. He instructed me to meet him at a coffee shop across town.

I sat in this seedy place alone for over an hour before a rough looking man showed up.

"Let me just tell you the way it'll be. If you'll volunteer to be the entertainment for a little party this weekend I will pay you two thousand dollars."

I asked what would be expected of me and he laughed as he told me I'd already said I'd do anything. He was right, what else could I do and maybe it'd be better if I didn't know up front. I asked him what time he needed me and he answered let's go. We got up and he held my arm, as we left, like a fool at first I thought he was being polite but then I understood he was making sure I didn't get away.

He took me to a motel room down the street and once inside he informed me that the first time was his and ordered me on my knees as he told me this was my audition and if I didn't please him the deal was a no-go. I did as I was told and I waited while he stood in front of me not knowing what to do. He slapped my face and told me to get busy. I started to cry as I undid his belt and pants. He held his penis and tapped my chin with it so I opened my mouth to take him. This was an act I abhorred and I would never do my husband this way but as degrading as it felt I was determined to do what I needed to do. With just the tip of his thing in my mouth I looked up to him, with tears in my eyes and the evil smile on his face unnerved me.

He grabbed my hair with both hands and then shoved his monster all the way in, even down my throat. I was gagging and trying to cough as he assaulted me. I could feel myself starting to wretch and just when I though it couldn't get any worse he ejaculated such a copious amount of semen I couldn't even swallow all of it and it ran out my mouth soiling my blouse and even my bra. I ran to the bathroom to vomit and when I came back, he was laughing at me.

"Not bad for a rookie, OK you got the job I'll call you later to tell you where to go."

He pulled up his pants and left me standing there feeling dirty and depraved.

As I sat at home, waiting for his call frightened of what lie ahead for me and yet in some strange way I was also aroused in the fact that I had made him orgasm. I actually felt that I could handle anything I faced at the party and it wasn't until later that I realized just how naive I really was.

The party was held at a big house up in the hills and normally I would be impressed by the size and location but now both the privacy and the size just scared me. I was at the mercy of people I didn't know and as I entered the front door, I realized that no matter what happened to me there would be nothing I could do about it. The first thing I notice was a woman of color, she was dancing on top of a coffee table dressed only in a pair of skimpy panties. Her bust was enormous and they bounced uncontrollably as she gyrated up and down. The man who hired me saw me looking at the dancer and told me not to worry that I was not here to dance. It's funny but I was actually relieved, as I couldn't imagine the embarrassment of trying to do as she did.

He took me to a bedroom where there was just a mattress in the center of the room and three guys standing around in their underwear, he announced,

"OK boys here she is but she's new to all this so you'll have to tell her what to do."

And with that, he left, one of them told me to take off my clothes. As I disrobed to their leers, I remember thinking, 'Jeff I hope you appreciate what I going through for you.' I just couldn't imagine how dirty it would be to have these men watching me have sex for at the time I had no idea that a woman was capable of having sex with three men at once. They all took off their shorts and one got on the bed and lay on his back. Now I understand I have not observed many but this man possessed the largest penis I had ever seen. It was not until I was instructed to sit on him and that he slipped right inside me did I realize how wet and excited I was. Here I was experiencing someone other than my husband and yet you couldn't call it cheating as I was being forced to do as they pleased. In fact not only was I not cheating I was in fact saving my Jeff. Just as I was beginning to enjoy my predicament, one of the men came to the head of the bed. At least I knew what he wanted and bent forward to take him in my mouth. As I did, the man I was sitting on began to kiss my breasts, which is one of my strongest erogenous zones. This actually made the mouthing of the other mans penis almost enjoyable. I rubbed my hands up and down his shaft as I kissed just the tip. I then put him deep in my mouth as I massaged his testicles and could actually feel his issue building up and so, I was ready for his release.

I suddenly felt something wet pouring on my rear end and pulling from the man's member, I turned to see what it was. The third man was pouring some kind of oil or lubricant on my butt. The second man tired of waiting I guess grabbed my head and turned me back to him. It was more shock than pain as the third man violated my rectum with his finger and I screamed out causing all three to laugh at me. The third man told me I'd better relax as he had something much bigger going up my butt. I felt like I was being ripped open as he pushed inside me. Once inside the pain subsided a little and it was replaced with a feeling of fullness that was not only disturbing but also very erotic. It was only then that I remembered that I had a man in my vagina as well and when they both started to move in unison, I had a tremendous orgasm more tumultuous than any I'd ever experienced.

When the man in my mouth started to climax, he pulled out and shot his stuff in my face. In an act of defiance that even surprised me, I looked him in the eye as I wiped his spunk off and then licked it off my fingers. The man in my rear came next and the feeling of his issue deep inside my rectal canal felt warm and almost gooey and such a different feeling that I orgasmed with him. That left only the man with the large penis still inside me so I concentrated on him. I looked him in the eyes and began to talk like the dirty slut I'd become,

"You've got the biggest cock I ever seen and now you're deep inside me; I want to feel your jizz spilling inside my cunt."

My talk even surprised me and even more of a surprise was I came with him as I could feel him erupt inside me. It was the first time I had ever orgasmed from vaginal contact alone.

I did more men, a lot more men but the rest were only one at a time. I soon found out if I could do them with my mouth, it was easier on me and faster too. I also found it so much easier to swallow their spunk than to clean it up, so every chance I got I used my mouth. I found the taste really wasn't so bad and couldn't help but think how lucky Jeff was going to be when I did him.

Although I spent the whole time frightened half out of my wits, I did survive it, and In the end, I got my two thousand dollars. I bailed my husband out but didn't tell him how I got the money. He got his first blowjob from me and I just told him it was because I was so happy to get him, home. Lately I've been thinking about the money for Jeff's attorney; I wonder what I'd have to do to earn five thousand dollars.