She Sure Showed Us!
byDCdoneright©

She Sure Showed Us! Ch. 01

Welcome to another one of my stories! My ex-girlfriend said I should share some of these crazy stories with the world. At the time, I never bothered but now with the pandemic I have a lot more time on my hands, so...enjoy! I have changed the names to protect everyones privacy, but the rest of the story is 90% true and 10% filling in the blanks of minor details that I don't remember.

I had almost completely forgotten all about this one, and then I read a similar story on here and remembered this fun weekend from long ago. This one comes to us from way back in the day, about 2010 or so. That was one of the last years before everyone had a smart phone and I'm pretty sure that this story never would have happened otherwise!

So, that Summer was a fun one. I was just a couple of years out of college and like a lot of people that age, I rented a house in the suburbs with two friends. We found a great house that had three bedrooms and a fenced in back yard that had a big BBQ grill AND a hot tub! And even better, it was located in a neighborhood that had a number of households just like ours and as luck would have it there was a house with three young ladies about our age on the block right behind ours. Of course we ended up hanging out a ton.

There were times that all six of us hung out, but mostly it was a group of four. One of my roommates had a pretty serious girlfriend and the two of them never really hung out with the rest of us much. And, one of the girls never seemed to be around. But, that still left four of us who hung out a ton and had some fun adventures. My roommate was Brian and the two girls next door were Sara and Kirstin. We did hook up a bunch of times that Summer (me with Sara, Brian with Kirstin) but at first we just kinda all hung out together. One of our goals for that Summer was to get the girls to join us for a skinny dip in our hot tub. This story originates on one of those nights, but first a little about us. Brian and I were pretty average looking dudes. Sara was blonde, average height (probably 5'5'' or so) and a nice figure with a great pair of C cups. Kirstin was a little shorter (probably 5'2'' or so) , dark hair and slightly larger boobs but overall Sara had a slightly better figure. Both of them were totally hot, with gorgeous smiles and sexy personalities.

This story is about the first time we saw Sara and Kirstin naked, and the first time I hooked up with Sara. We had a BBQ that day in our yard with a bunch of friends, and by early evening most of our guests had departed and it was just Brian, Sara, Kirstin and myself hanging out. It was perfect weather and we decided to get in the hot tub for a few drinks.

I thought I had talked Sara into a skinny dip that night but Kirstin wasn't having it. We took our drinks into the hot tub (with suits on) and ended up in a game of "Never have I ever...", which of course ended up being 100% racy/sexy questions and Kirstin got some good-natured teasing for being the prude who insisted we wear suits. Predictably, Sara ended up doing some of the best teasing and Kirstin ended up trying to convince us she wasn't a prude at all. I thought maybe if we were lucky we would end up with Kirstin flashing us her boobs. Boy was I in for a surprise! Just like the title of the story...eventually Kirstin sure showed us that she wasn't a prude! Literally, and figuratively. But, we'll get to that part later.

I wanted to raise the stakes of our "Never have I ever..." game a little and I remembered a fun story that Sara had told me from college where she had lost a game of strip billiards and was the only naked person in a room with a bunch of her friends. I wasn't there but from her telling of the story it sounded like she had made an ill-advised billiards bet, lost all of her clothes, and been the lone naked person in a room with 8-10 friends for awhile. I was able to coax out of her that it was a "fun night" and I figured out that she didn't mind the attention all that much, and thought the whole thing was pretty sexy. So, I figured that story was fair game for a "never have I ever..." prompt.

"Never have I ever...lost a game of strip pool and been the only naked person at a party." I said.

Everyone laughed, and of course Sara was the only person who drank. Kirstin totally took the bait and teased Sara for it.

"Sara!" she exclaimed.

"Oh whatever...it was fun. Besides, at least I didn't chicken out!" Sara said.

"I wouldn't chicken out!" Kirstin said back.

"That's right, you wouldn't even play!" Sara teased, with a grin.

"I smell a challenge!" I said, and almost managed a straight face for a couple of seconds.

This went back and fourth a few times, and Kirstin admitted that she had never played any sort of stripping game but said that she thought it sounded like fun. I was about to cut in and volunteer to run grab a deck of cards when Sara cut the chase and challenged Kirstin.

"There is NO way you would ever get naked like that. You wouldn't even go for a skinny dip tonight!" Sara teased again. It was kind of funny...had Brian or I teased her like that, we would have been total jackasses and she probably wouldn't have even listened. But because it came from her female roommate, she was apparently not wanting to back down from the challenge!

"Ok, fine, we can get naked!" Kirstin said, relenting to the pressure from her roommate.

"Getting naked here with just us is no big deal. Doing it in front of a group of people and not being able to hide under the water takes guts!" Sara shot back. Of course, Brian and I would have gladly settled for that but Sara apparently wanted to up the ante.

At this point, it was just fun to watch them mess with each other. First, Kirstin tried to argue that being naked in our hot tub was no less daring than Sara's strip billiards story. Then, Sara argued that Kirstin was too chicken to do either one.

"So, Kirstin...are you saying that if Sara gets naked here, you will get naked the next time we have people over?" I asked. Again, I almost managed to keep a straight face. I'm not sure what Sara getting naked had to do with the challenge, but I didn't want to let this one pass without at least getting a decent glimpse of Sara and I really didn't think it would be hard to talk her into. It wasn't.

"Oh whatever, you just want to see us naked!" Kirstin said, as both girls rolled their eyes.

"...and?" I asked, grinning wide.

"Whatever....I'm game!" Sara said, quickly shutting everyone up.

"You're what?!?" Kirstin said, somewhat in disbelief.

"I said I'm game. I will take off my suit right now. Then tomorrow night, we will have people over and you have to get naked." Sara said. We had loose plans to have some kind of gathering the following night, and suddenly it became an interesting event!

"What? No way!" Kirstin said.

"See! I told you that you'd chicken out!" Sara said, with a laugh.

"I didn't say I chickened out!" Kirstin said.

Sara didn't say anything back. She simply stood up, and reached behind her back, and untied her top. We were all in disbelief as her top fell off, exposing her boobs. Before anyone could say anything, she bent over, pulling her bottoms down and stepping out of them. She tossed her top and her bottoms onto a chair near the hot tub, and stood up in front of us without even trying to cover up. It was dark out but thanks to the moonlight and the porch light we could very clearly see that her nipples were rock hard, and her pussy was cleanly shaved.

"Now...that is what I call putting your bathing suit where your mouth is!" Brian joked.

For a minute we all stared at Sara, and she didn't seem to mind in the least. She stood there for at least a minute or two and we were all staring at her. Brian and I staring at her hot body we were seeing for the first time, and Kirstin staring at her like she had completely lost her mind. While we were all staring at Sara, Sara was staring at Kirstin. I hadn't really picked up a competitive vibe between them before, but something had clearly gotten into them tonight! Plus, I'm sure it didn't hurt that we had been drinking all day.

"Ok, I held up my end of this. Kirstin, what do you say?" Sara said, with a great deal of confidence.

"Ok...so I have to take off my suit too?" Kirstin asked. She didn't seem upset about it, and had a grin on her face. It definitely broke some tension that she was being a good sport about it.

"Well, you can if you want to. But tomorrow night, we are having the same number of people over from my strip pool game that you teased me for earlier and you have to get naked then!" Sara said.

"How many people was that, exactly?" I cut in, with a grin.

Both girls gave me a funny look.

"What? If we are making plans here..." I said, and everyone laughed.

"I don't know, I think the four of us and five or six more will do it." Sara said. I had been pretty close with my guess!

"So I have to play strip pool...?" Kirstin asked, somewhat confused.

"Whatever. We can play a game or you can just strip down but my point is you have to be naked just like I was in my story when you said it sounded like fun and that you wouldn't chicken out of!" Sara said, laughing as she said it.

"Well, we have a foosball table..." I said, trying to act casual and conceal my excitement. Also, by volunteering our house I was making 100% sure that Brian and I would be invited. And of course, I was trying to be a good wingman for Brian since I knew he wanted to hook up with Kirstin but didn't want to appear too eager himself.

"Fine, strip foosball then. But she has to lose. She has to be the naked one!" Sara said. We were all cracking up at this point, and Sara was still standing up, totally visible to us.

"Ok, fine! But you have to stay naked the rest of tonight, and you have to do it with me tomorrow! And I'm not doing it if there is a bunch of total strangers or randoms there!" Kirstin said, as if Sara wasn't already planning on staying naked.

"Alright, I'll do it too, but you're getting naked first. Just like my story, you have to be the only one, at least for awhile! And if I am staying naked tonight, you have to do it tonight too!" Sara said. Brian and I couldn't believe our luck.

Kirstin giggled, blushed and finally relented. She leaned forward and reached behind her back sheepishly to untie her top. With a grin, she let it fall off and then reached her hands under the water and slipped her bottoms off without getting up. And just like that, we had two gorgeous naked girls in our hot tub!

"I told you I wouldn't chicken out! It's really not THAT big of a deal" Kristin said, giggling, and I almost believed her. I was still thinking there was no way she would actually follow through the following night but in the meantime I was enjoying my view of naked Sara and naked Kirstin. We hadn't seen Kirstin below the waist yet but her boobs were just barely above the water line. Sara was still standing.

At this point, Kirstin had risen to the challenge and Sara was still standing up but a minute or so later, Sara started to get back down into the water and Kirstin was not having it. I'm not sure if she was trying to get Sara to back down or if she was just enjoying teasing her but either way, Brian and I appreciated it!

"Oh no you don't! No hiding under the water! If I am getting naked at a party tomorrow night you at least have to be above the water tonight!" Kirstin said. Of course, Sara didn't seem to mind. She also seemed to forget that she had agreed to get naked at the party too, but I don't think she minded. The whole reason Sara had ended up in the billiard game was that she loved the attention. The funny thing at that point is that Brian and I would have totally joined them in the nude but neither girl brought it up at first and we didn't want to seem too eager.

"Ok!" Sara said, and she sat up on the side of the hot tub, completely visible. At this point, Brian and I grinned a little bit, unsure how we got this lucky to end up in the middle of this series of events. She challenged Kirstin to join her but Kirstin seemed ok letting Sara win this one. However, realizing that Sara was enjoying the exposure, I decided to push my luck just a little bit.

"Actually, we could use some more drinks." I said, mostly just to see how Sara would react.

Sara smirked, and walked off toward our kitchen with a wink. Totally naked. After Sara was gone, Kirstin got up and turned on some more lights, and giggled as she realized that she had given Brian and I quite the show in the process. We already had a good view of her boobs but now we could see that her pussy was shaved just like Sara's. She was not as bold as Sara about standing up to give us all a better look but she was a good sport and paused for a few seconds or so to let us have a peek. She even halfway smiled, halfway grinned and totally blushed at us while we looked.

"I guess go ahead and get a good look, but it's not like you wont see me naked tomorrow too!" she said, with a giggle. That was the first time she actually admitted she was going to go through with it. She ended her pause pretty quickly, maybe ten seconds or so, and got into the hot tub again.

"So, you're going through with it tomorrow night then?" Brian asked.

"I guess so. I mean, it's not that big of a deal and who cares, you guys have all seen me naked now. And it's not like I have any chance of winning strip foosball anyways, you guys know how bad I am at that game. Seriously though, nobody weird or random! I'll totally do it but not if there is anyone creepy there" she said. She didn't seem upset at all at this point and Brian was clearly pleased having a good time.

"Don't worry, it'll just be us and a few other people. Any ideas?" Brian said, reassuringly.

We chatted for a minute about who was cool enough to not be weird around the fact that we were planning a party where at least one guest had to get naked by the end of the night. Kirstin asked us to keep the whole thing a secret, and I guess she had a point that it would all feel very weird if we didn't at least act like it was a coincidence. Eventually, we settled on five or six people to invite and decided at random we would play foosball around 10pm and suggest strip foosball after a match or two. I was thinking that we would be lucky if we had even half of them come. Of course, we greatly underestimated the attendance but more on that later!

"So, did you like what you saw earlier?" Kirstin asked me teasingly, trying to shift the conversation topic. I suppose she could have been asking about me seeing her naked for the first time but somehow I knew she was asking about Sara, and that she apparently had figured out that I had a bit of a crush on Sara.

"Yeah, that was pretty awesome." I said with a big grin. We all giggled and laughed, and I knew that tonight was my night to make a move. With Sara making such a bold display I figured I should make a move and Kirstin asking me about it told me everything I needed to know.

"Yeah, you should probably make some kind of move tonight. Just sayin...I don't think she's doing this just to see me naked. She's seen me naked 100 times!" Kirstin said, confirming what I suspected. I winked at her.

Part of me wanted to ask about the "100 times" I knew they were roommates but it sounded like maybe there was more nudity in their house than I would have expected but just then Sara walked back, with a tray of drinks in her hands and her fabulous body fully on display with the entire back yard now lit up by the lights Kirstin had turned on.

"Gosh, it sure looks like someone turned on some more lights! Go ahead, get a good look!" Sara said, as she put the drinks down and motioned her hands up and down her body, jokingly hamming it up like she was a dancer or something. If Kirstin paused for ten seconds and stood still to give us a good view in the lights, Sara paused for at least a minute or two and was striking poses! Not only did we have a better view with the lights on but the neighbors probably did too! So of course I pointed this out.

"Well, I'm sure the neighbors are enjoying this one!" I joked. Both girls blushed and giggled.

Things didn't last too much longer in the hot tub but for the rest of the time we were out there, Sara sat up on the side of the hot tub in full view of everyone, and Kirstin sat in the water but made no effort to cover her boobs which were mostly above the water. It was pretty awesome, and clearly neither girl minded that we were sneaking plenty of looks at both of them. Their rock hard nipples told us that they didn't mind the attention at all.

The joke of this whole thing was totally on Kirstin. Sara was enjoying every minute of being naked, and Kirstin seemed calm and confident but at least a little bit nervous about the following evening. I don't think Kirstin cared at all about being naked in the hot tub nor was she really nervous about strip foosball but she seemed to be concerned with who would be invited. I figured that was a good sign but also thought the odds of her chickening out eventually were at least 50-50. Still, she was being a good sport and like most hot girls in their mid 20's she seemed more concerned with how she would look and who would be there than she was with actually doing it.

The night started to wind down, but Sara never got shy and actually did make another naked drink run for us. As soon as she was gone, I hatched my plan.

"Ok, how about when she gets back, you guys head inside and bring some towels out. That'll give me a good opportunity. Give me like five minutes. If you see her get out of the hot tub and put her suit on, I totally struck out so come on back outside. If we are making out, just leave us some towels on the deck." I said.

"I like your odds" Kirstin said, with a smile and a wink. I totally wanted to believe her, but I was a little bit drunk still and not totally sure if this was just her way of messing with Sara.

A minute later, Sara came back. It was after midnight now, and it had gotten a little bit cooler outside. She got back in the tub (although her boobs were still above the water line) and nobody said anything. We nursed our drinks for a minute, and Brian volunteered to run grab towels and he asked Kirstin for a hand. They headed off together, leaving Sara and I alone in the hot tub. We were finally alone but Sara didn't move. She sat next to me, totally naked still.

"What a night, eh?" I said, to break the tension.

"I know, right?" Sara said, and giggled.

"You having fun still?" I asked, and jokingly nodded toward her nipples. They were still rock hard, and we had all been teasing her for it all night.

"Obviously!" she said, with a grin and stuck out her chest a little bit.

I took that as my cue, and leaned in to kiss her. We shared a long kiss, leaning in to each other and made out for a couple of minutes. I started to pull her closer, and she resisted just a little bit.

"What if they come back?" Sara asked me.

"Don't worry, they won't" I said, noticing that they had apparently come and gone and left us towels on the porch.

She must have realized I had already told them not to come back out because she climbed right into my lap without any further prompting. Naked. Now things started to really get hot and heavy. I kissed her deeply, and ran my hands all over her body. She arched her back, and I ran my hands to her tits. As soon as I touched her nipples, she moaned loudly and I realized we needed to move from the backyard to the bedroom sooner than later.

"Shall we head inside?" I asked. She nodded in return, and we got out of the water.

She picked up her swimsuit, but didn't put it on. I handed her a towel, and she used it to dry off but didn't put it on. We went inside and she was still naked, with her swimsuit in one hand and the towel in the other and nothing covering her up. We passed Brian and Kirstin on the couch. Kirstin had a towel wrapped around her but had not put her suit back on. We all just kind of grinned at each other as Sara and I headed up to my room.


She Sure Showed Us! Ch. 02

Welcome to another one of my stories! My ex-girlfriend said I should share some of these crazy stories with the world. At the time, I never bothered but now with the pandemic I have a lot more time on my hands, so...enjoy! I have changed the names to protect everyones privacy, but the rest of the story is 90% true and 10% filling in the blanks of minor details that I don't remember.

So, in the first chapter of this story we were introduced to my roommate (Brian) and old neighbors (Sara and Kirstin, although only Sara appears in this chapter). If you want to read it, you'll get a sense for the sexy personalities of the two girls and the build up to how I got super lucky and was headed up the stairs of my house with a gorgeous, naked girl following me. If you don't want to read it, the quick version is that a sexy game lead to a sexy bet, the hot neighbor girls got naked in our hot tub, and I made a move on the hot neighbor girl who had been flirting with me (Sara). And, now we are about to hook up.

Once we got upstairs, things escalated in a hurry. Not that things weren't already escalated...Sara had been naked for more than an hour at that point and she had been crazy turned on the entire time. She walked into my room behind me, and I turned to close the door. I turned back to face her and she was on her knees, right in front of me on the floor. She didn't say a word, she just grabbed my bathing suit and yanked it off. My cock sprang right out, and she stared right at it, with a hungry smile on her face.

She took one hand and put it on my cock, and went to town. She took me deep in her mouth, as if she had been dreaming about having me in her mouth all night. She wasn't exactly gentle...she wanted me rock hard, and she wanted it right away. I looked down, and realized that she had her other hand in between her legs and was rubbing her clit. I got so turned on looking at her and listening to her moans that were stifled by my hard dick in her mouth. I could tell she was really working herself up and I was rock hard in no time.

I stood her up, and kissed her again. Then, I spun her in a circle so that I was behind her, and she was facing the full-length mirror on the back of my door. I kissed her ear slightly.

"Look at your hot little body." I whispered into her ear. She bit her lip and moaned, as my hands found their way to her hips.

"You loved stripping off your bathing suit and strutting around naked in front of us all night, didn't you?" I asked.

"I sure did!" she said, as I put her hands on top of her head.

"Don't move your hands." I whispered.

"Yes, sir." she said.

"Good girl, and so polite. You knew as soon as we started the challenges that you were going to get naked, didn't you?" I whispered.

"Yes, sir" she said, as she started to breathe heavily.

"And you couldn't wait to slip out of your suit and let all of us see your sexy little body, could you?" I whispered in her ear, giving her a tiny nibble as I finished the sentence.

"Yes, sir, I couldn't wait." she said.

I moved my hands up to her tits, and found her rock hard nipples again. I gently rolled them in my fingers, and she moaned under my touch. I could tell she wanted to move, but she didn't.

"Fuck me, please!" she moaned, and leaned back into me.

I kept my left hand on her breast but moved my right hand down to her pussy. I immediately found her swollen clit, and she started moaning immediately.

"Don't make me beg!" she shouted, in between moans.

"Nope. Beg for it. I'm in control now. You've wanted it all night, and now if you want to get it, you're going to have to beg." I whispered into her ear. I could tell she loved the idea of being made to beg because it instantly put her moans into overdrive.

"Please, sir! Please!" she begged.

"You're going to have to do better than that!" I teased her, as my finger rounded her clit.

"Please, sir! Please! I need you inside me!" she practically screamed at the top of her lungs.

I decided that was enough for our first time together, and I lead her over toward my bed. I tossed her down onto it, forcefully. She was clearly enjoying how I was taking charge. She immediately spread her legs all the way open and welcomed me on top of her. I slid on a condom quickly and knelt down between her legs. I slid my cock right into her tight little pussy and it felt amazing. She was so tight! She gasped as I slid all the way in, and then she moaned out in pleasure. I got on top of her missionary style, and started working in and out of her. It felt so good that I had to think about baseball for a minute or two to slow down. It just got better and better though, so I had to slow down to keep from cumming too early.

I hit just the right angle and she instantly started moaning harder. I switched my motion just barely and it hit her in just right perfect spot.

"Oh my god, I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum!" she screamed.

"Not until you ask permission!" I told her.

"Please, sir! Please! I need to cum!" she screamed.

"Do it. Now!" I screamed.

She immediately exploded into orgasm, moaning, screaming...I was sure I was going to hear about this from the roommates at this point but it was totally worth it. I kept the motion going until she had finished, and then I pulled out and gave her a chance to catch her breath.

I laid down next to her, and after a minute or two she had caught her breath and she rolled over to talk to me.

"Oh. My. God." she said, with a blushing smile. "I feel like I shouldn't tell you how much I loved having to beg."

"You don't have to. I noticed." I said, with a wink.

"That was amazing. Did you cum?" she asked me.

"Not yet. I could go for one more, or, I could just finish on your tits." I said.

Without a word, she sat up and pulled the condom off my dick. She started stroking, and I could tell it wasn't going to take much after our warmup. After a minute, I knew I was ready and I motioned to her to lean back so that I could take over and aim my load to land right onto her tits.

It took about ten more seconds, and I let loose a huge load right onto her tits. It was a pretty easy target, since her tits were pretty big but I managed to cover them completely. I had been building a huge load since she untied her bikini top all those hours ago, and I got it all over her. She looked at her tits after I came on them, and clearly loved the sight of my cum all over them. She rubbed the biggest part of it onto her fingers, and then licked it off. I don't know if she was faking or not but she looked like she loved the taste. I got her a towel to wipe the rest off, and she curled up next to me, purring like a kitten.

"Well, it's been quite the day, hasn't it?" I said.

Sara just giggled.

"So, do you think Kirstin will follow up with her end of the bet tonight?" I asked.

"Probably. I didn't think she would get naked tonight, and she did. I guess we will find out, right?" Sara replied.

"Well, whether or not Kirstin gets naked...I think the odds of you getting naked before the end of the party are pretty good!" I teased.

"That's probably a safe bet!" she giggled, and then we drifted off to sleep as I imagined that we were about to have a truly epic weekend on our hands!


She Sure Showed Us! Ch. 03

Welcome to another one of my stories! My ex-girlfriend said I should share some of these crazy stories with the world. At the time, I never bothered but now with the pandemic I have a lot more time on my hands, so...enjoy! I have changed the names to protect everyone's privacy, but the rest of the story is 90% true and 10% filling in the blanks of minor details that I don't remember.

So, this one isn't going to make a whole lot of sense if you didn't read chapter one and chapter two. Chapter one is where I introduce my old roommate, and the two hot girls who lived behind us. Chapter two is where I hooked up with one of the girls. And, if you read the first chapter, you will remember that the girls made a bet with each other. This third chapter is where we had a little party and the girls settled their sexy bet. It was quite the evening, as you will read here. Enjoy!

The next morning began slowly. Sara and I woke up, had a quickie, grabbed some coffee and went our ways. Brian (roommate) and I cleaned up from the BBQ and had lunch. The talk of the day, of course, was the previous evenings events and how awesome it all was. I told Brian about hooking up with Sara, and he told me that he hooked up with Kirstin. He told me that Kirstin told him that she had a ton of fun in the hot tub and that she wouldn't be bringing a bathing suit over anymore if it was just the four of us. I mentioned that we both already knew that Sara had a blast, and we laughed. It was good to know that everyone (the ladies and us) all had a great time the night before, because that meant more great nights were possible.

We spent a long time negotiating who to invite to our little party that evening, realizing that the evening could go one of two ways. We could end up with the wrong crowd and the girls would suddenly get shy and stop daring each other to do sexy things, or, we could end up with just the right crowd and evenings full of naked sexy dares/games could become the new normal for parties at our house.

With this in mind, we invited two girls who were roommates in an apartment a little closer to downtown but were regulars at our BBQ's, and two couples. One couple we knew from workout classes at our gym. They were in great shape and basically up for anything it seemed. More than once they were over at our house and made sexy jokes about our hot tub. Maybe tonight would be their chance to get in it! The other couple were friends of Brian's and they seemed cool and totally low key, like they would be amused by what was going on but not get too crazy themselves. We figured that group would make ten people total if everyone came, and there was always the chance that we would have our third roommate and his girlfriend, or even the third roommate of Sara and Kirstin's.

We got the invites out, and headed to the liquor store. We figured we would stock up and hope for the best. We got plenty of fun booze and all the staples, including some tequila. Of course, we ended up with more booze than ten people could possibly drink but better to have it and not need it versus need it and not have it, right? Now all that was left to do was wait.

Around 6pm we ordered some pizzas and told Sara and Kirstin they could come over whenever. By 7pm, both girls and the pizzas had arrived. Sara gave me a little kiss when she first saw me, and Kirstin did the same with Brian. The girls were looking hot, wearing short shorts and midriff-baring tank tops as was popular at that time of year. So, we put on some music and got the evening going with some tequila shots and pizza. Brian and I had decided to not bring up the plans for the evening until the girls did. It was clearly on their minds though, and it only took one tequila shot to bring it out of them.

"So...is the foosball table ready?" Sara said jokingly, as Kirstin blushed.

"Sure is!" I said. We all laughed.

We took some time and explained who we invited and why, and at first the girls just listened and agreed. Then suddenly Kirstin realized this was a list of people who would be seeing her naked in a few hours and started blushing. Maybe it was the tequila talking but she was being a good sport and seemed ok with everything. Brian leaned in and whispered something to Kirstin's ear, and she smiled and gave him a kiss on his cheek. Later he would tell me that he whispered to her that no matter what, he would be there and make sure she was ok and having fun.

I asked Sara if she and Kirstin had a plan, or if they needed our help to get things started. She said that she and Kirstin had talked it over that afternoon, and decided they would wait until around 10, and play a game of foosball. Kirstin would win the first game, talk a lot of trash, and then Sara would challenge her to strip foosball. Kirstin was definitely the worst foosball player we knew so it wouldn't be hard for her to lose. The key was for Sara to let her win the first game. I figured best to let Sara handle it, and went back to getting the bar ready. I made up a couple of pitchers of margaritas, figuring they wouldn't go to waste.

Soon afterward our guests started arriving. The night had a funny vibe to it, like we all knew something fun would happen. Of course, only four of us knew what that something was but everyone was clearly ready for a fun evening. Our first two guests were the two single girls, Laura and Brynn. There's actually a great story I will write out sometime that stars Laura and Brynn but that night was still a couple of years away at this point. More on that later. In case you're wondering, Laura was a cute blonde and Brynn was a sexy brunette. Both had great bodies and were tons of fun.

I decided to play bartender and make a round of drinks for everyone. Brian put some music on, and things got moving. It wasn't long before the rest of our guests arrived. The gym couple (Jim and Alyssa) arrived next. Jim was a pretty normal looking dude, but was definitely in the best shape of all of us. He and Alyssa practically lived at the gym. No matter what time Brian and I went, Jim and Alyssa were there. Speaking of Alyssa, she was a cute girl with dirty blonde hair and a slender yoga body that turned heads. She was dressed to impress tonight, in shorts and a tight, backless halter top that didn't leave much to the imagination.

I was so focused on making drinks that I totally missed Brian's friends Bill and Kate arriving. Bill and Kate were cool, but that was one of the only times they ever came over. Bill was an average looking guy, like the rest of us. Kate was a cute brunette, medium height and good body. They both had on shorts and t-shirts. I made small talk with them while I made their first round of drinks and I heard the foosball table in action for the first time. It was only a littler after 9pm so I figured it was still too early for strip foosball but it was good to hear the table in action. I walked by to go get some more ice from the kitchen and saw it was Jim and Alyssa playing, with Brian, Kirstin and Sara watching. I winked at Kirstin as I walked by and she blushed pretty hard. I figured we weren't far from the action starting, but I played it cool.

The way our house was laid out, the dining room was open to the living room. The foosball table was in the dining room, and the bar was in the living room so we were all pretty central. Sara and Kirstin called next game, and before long they were on the table. It wasn't quite 10pm yet, but I figured I would stick close to the table just in case. Sure enough, Kirstin started sinking shots and talking a ton of trash. Sara just stood there and took it, with a smirk. The really funny thing about it was that either Kirstin really thought she was winning or she was just a fantastic actress. Either way, the spirited game between the two girls became the center of attention. Thankfully, nobody had called "next" and Kirstin kept up her trash talking routine, and went a little over the top when she sank the winning shot of the game.

"Ok hot stuff...how about we play again, and up the stakes a little?" Sara challenged.

"Alright loser, what did you have in mind?" Kirstin said, knowing full well what the challenge would be.

At that point, I knew the game was going to happen but remember what I said about Kirstin doing a fantastic acting job? I'm not sure if she knew she was going to lose and was playing along or if she thought her lucky streak would continue.

"How about strip foosball? Each goal is one article of clothing, and the game goes on until one of us is out of clothes." Sara said, with a smirk.

This brought out a predictable "oooooooooh" reaction from the group. Brian and I played it cool, like we had no idea that this was going to happen. Thankfully everyone just seemed amused and nobody said anything that would discourage the game. Being Summer time, neither girl had shoes or socks on so we were going to get a show right away.

"Okay! Bring it on, and don't come crying to me when you're butt naked!" Kirstin said.

"Game on!" Sara said, and everyone cheered.

If the foosball table was the center of attention before, it was now the center of the universe. The full group crowded around the table and everyone was quite excited to see what was developing. And, it didn't take long.

Sara dropped the ball in through the chute, and it took her all of about ten seconds to score the first goal. It happened so fast that it was hard to keep track of. The ball popped into play, Sara hit it up to the other end of the table, it bounced off the wall next to the goal, and she nailed it on the rebound, straight into the goal.

"Boom! Take it off!" Sara said, with a huge smile.

Kirstin blushed, and her jaw dropped open as the group joined Sara in a playful chant of "Take it off! Take it off!".

"Alright...you got one lucky shot in. That's ok!" Kirstin said.

I looked over at Brian, and he was having tons of fun watching this unfold, as was everyone. Kirstin played it up for a minute and was blushing pretty hard. Then she looked around, shrugged her shoulders, and then peeled her super tight tank top off and over her head. She tossed it aside, and everyone cheered as she fixed her hair. She had on a lacy red bra that matched her tank top. The bra was pretty see-through, but not totally. Between her amazing tits and bright red bra, she certainly got everyone's attention!

This time, Kirstin put the ball into play. It took a lot longer than the first goal but the result was eventually the same. Sara used to love to remind us that she was apparently some kind of foosball champion in her sorority back in college. I'm not sure if that was true or not, but she was literally beating the pants off of Kirstin at the moment. The ball went up and down the table a few times before Sara got a hold of it and sank it straight into the goal.

"Boom, that's two! Gosh, I wonder if she's wearing a thong? Only one way to find out, right? Take it off! " she yelled.

The group laughed and cheered, and another chant of "take it off" took over. Someone made a joke about how Sara must have been hustling Kirstin in the first game. Then, Kirstin blushed some more, and unbuttoned her shorts. They were super tight, so she had to bend almost completely over to get them down. That got quite the reaction from the crowd, who all seemed to enjoy their view of Kirstin in her red bra and matching lacy red thong.

"Okay, okay...I'm still in the game! Let's get back to it!" Kirstin said.

She put the ball into play, and for once, her luck changed. Sara missed a shot, and Kirstin managed to get a hold of the rebound and spun the handle, knocking the ball clear down the table and into Sara's goal!

"How about that?!?" Kirstin yelled, triumphantly.

"Oh no, you can't spin the handle! That's cheating!" Sara said back.

"I guess you should have said that when you laid out the rules earlier, shouldn't you? Off with the shirt!" Kirstin said.

Both girls looked at Brian and I for a house rules clarification.

"Hmm...well, normally we don't allow it, but she has a point that you didn't specify it a as a rule. So, I'm going to allow it. Off with it!" I said.

"Whatever!" Sara said back.

She peeled off her tank top and tossed it at me, with a smirk and then a wink. She had on a solid black bra pushed her tits up for some pretty epic cleavage. She caught me staring and smiled right before she put the ball into play again. Her competitive side came out, and she leaned into the table with renewed focus. We were all pretty excited because there was not a ton of clothing left between the two girls.

This next ball was all Sara's. It took her a few shots, but she managed to get the ball on Kirstin's side of the table and started blasting one shot after another. Kirstin got lucky with a couple of blocks but we all knew it was only a matter of time. After the second or third shot rebounded she nailed it straight into the goal!

This brought a big cheer to the group, and everyone looked at Kirstin to see what she was going to do. Other than seeing Kirstin's butt in her thong, the girls were still basically covered the same as they would have been at a pool or a beach. But now, Kirstin only had her bra and her thong left, and one of them would have to go.

"Uh oh! Looks like someone has a choice to make! Bra or panties? One of them has to go!" Sara said.

Kirstin didn't say a word, but she was giggling and blushing enough that we all knew how she felt. Another quick "take it off" chant broke out, and maybe Sara, Brian and I knew that she was going to do it, but I think the group wasn't sure if the game was going to go any farther or not. After a moment's hesitation, Kirstin reached behind her back for her bra strap. She took a deep breath, unhooked her bra, and let it fall to the ground as everyone switched from chanting to cheering. I was wondering if she would try to cover her boobs with her hands, but she did not. She just stood there for a second, letting everyone stare. Which was good, because nobody even pretended that they were looking anywhere other than right at her tits. I don't think I gave a proper enough description in chapter one as to how awesome both Kirstin and Sara's tits were. Both of them had perfect handful-sized and perky C-cup boobs, with great nipples. Granted, I only ever saw them when their nipples were rock hard but their nipples really did look great.

"Go ahead, go ahead...get a good look! I am still in this though!" Kirstin said.

At this point, I am thinking she knew that she didn't have a chance in the game but good for her to still put on a brave face and act like she still had a shot. Thankfully, it was Sara playing against her and not Brian or me. Both of us would have been distracted by her amazing tits being on display and would have probably missed a few shots because we were busy staring at them. However, Sara didn't seem distracted at all and much to the delight of the crowd she was ready to finish up the game.

Kirstin put the ball into play one more time, and again, Sara made short work of her. Two or three kicks up the field to Kirstin's end of the table was all it took before Sara sank it right into the goal and let out a "Rick Flair" style "Wooooooo!".

"And we have our naked loser!" Sara yelled out, as one last "take it off" chant started.

"Okay, okay." Kirstin said, as she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her red thong and pulled it down to reveal her smoothly shaved pussy.

I knew that Sara's challenge to Kirstin was that she had to be the only one naked, at least for a little while. However, I was pretty sure that Alyssa wanted to play so I had to think of a way to stall the next match a bit.

"Ok folks, who needs another drink? I have a pitcher of margaritas already made up!" I yelled out.

I figured that would get us off the table for at least 10 or 15 minutes. While I didn't want to discourage any of the other girls from playing, I also wanted to let Sara and Kirstin settle their argument from the night before. Kirstin was clearly enjoying herself, too. A round of margaritas was exactly what the group needed, and the group all headed onto the porch. I asked Sara to hang back and help me with glasses.

"How long do you want to let her be the only naked one? I bet Alyssa wants to play, maybe Laura or Brynn too, and I know you love those games. And who knows, maybe the guys too?" I asked her.

"Well, I wanted her to be the only one naked to make her squirm a little because she was talking so much shit last night even though she has always been such a prude. Then she told me this morning that she apparently found out last night that she loves being naked. I think she's having a ton of fun. Maybe give her this round of margaritas and then if more people want to play, let them." Sara answered.

We agreed, and headed onto the porch with the drinks. I found everyone basically standing in a circle with naked Kirstin at the end where the porch lights were shining down, which gave everyone a perfect view of her body. I started pouring drinks and listening to the conversation, which was basically one joke after another about how it must be cold out (because of how hard Kirstin's nipples were) or one of the girls commenting that she needed to know who does Kirstin's waxing (because of how smooth her pussy looked). If I thought she didn't like the teasing, I would have come to her rescue (or Brian would have) but she clearly was having a great time. And, she was obviously very turned on. Brian was definitely going to get the kind of action tonight that I had gotten the previous night!

Margaritas on the porch went on for about a half hour, which was a little bit longer than planned but everyone seemed to be having fun (especially Kirstin!). However, we ran out of drinks. Sara thought it would be funny if we sent Kirstin in to get the second pitcher of margaritas. After she had been gone for three or four minutes, she emerged from the kitchen with a pitcher of margaritas and a much redder face than before.

"So, um...guys...did you invite anyone else? There's a bunch more people in the living room!" Kirstin exclaimed.

Apparently, our party was so much fun that several guests had told other friends of theirs. They had all arrived after we went on the porch. Our house was known as a party house so it wasn't exactly unusual that guests just let themselves in, especially since they probably heard us in the back yard. This was, of course, hilarious and we all laughed quite a bit. Even Kirstin!

The way our house was laid out, it wasn't difficult for us to have no idea that some more guests had arrived. The living room and dining room were the very front of the house and we had been in the back yard. Brian went in to investigate and confirmed that there were a handful of additional guests, maybe 5-6. They were people we knew, but it was funny because apparently Kirstin just walked in on them totally naked and didn't know what to do, so she just stood there and talked to them for a few minutes. This, of course, was even more hilarious to the group. She said she had told our new guests about strip foosball and how she had lost.

"Yeah, so they definitely got a peep show. And side note, apparently they liked what they saw and asked who is playing strip foosball next." Kirstin said.

Predictably, Allyssa chimed in that she wanted to play and headed inside with the whole group behind her. Most of the group headed for the dining room but I headed to the living room to make sure our new guests had plenty of drinks. All told, we had six new guests. Laura and Brynn had invited their friends Beth and Emily, and Emily had brought her boyfriend John, who brought his roommate Greg. Greg then invited his girlfriend Megan and her roommate Chrissy. I was pretty sure I had met all of them before, and as long as they acted cool I didn't mind them being there. So, I made them drinks as Laura and Allyssa started up our second game of strip foosball.

"Wow, this is quite the party!" Emily said.

"Thanks! It's not quite like this every night, but hey, you only live once, right?" I said.

"YOLO!" she said back, as the group relocated to the dining room to watch the game.

The stakes were now a bit higher. Our original group of 10 consisted of mostly close friends, with Bill and Kate being the only ones there who weren't a normal fixture at our parties. But our six new guests represented new people. I checked in with Kirstin, who was still just hanging out naked. She said she was doing ok, but thanked me for checking in.

Our first game ended with Kirstin naked and Sara basically still completely covered but the second game did not appear to be headed toward a lopsided victory for either girl. The first couple of balls went back and fourth on the table multiple times before each goal. Just a few minutes later, both Allyssa and Laura were well on their way to joining Kirstin, with Allyssa in her halter top and thong, and Laura in her bra and panties. Our living room was pretty big but with 16 people crowded into it, it was a pretty raucous atmosphere. The chants of "take it off" were pretty loud now!

Laura sank another shot after another minute or two of playing, which meant that Kirstin would no longer be the only girl with her boobs on display. Allyssa pouted for a minute and untied her halter top as everyone cheered. Her boobs were on the smaller side but looked fantastic and were a perfect match for her petite "yoga teacher" frame. They were perky, and her nipples were every bit as hard as Kirstin's. She stood there for a minute to let everyone get a good look, and then she put the ball back into play. Clearly, her competitive side kicked in because she drove hard with 3 or 4 shots and before we knew it, Laura was reaching behind her back while the crowd chanted "take it off!". Laura had huge tits, either a D or DD, and they were quite the hit once she unveiled them. Even Allyssa appeared to be somewhat distracted by them!

I managed to get next to Sara, and I asked her if she wanted to play again. It was getting to be pretty late so there was probably only time for one more game.

"I'm definitely getting naked tonight, but not until everyone leaves. I'll let someone else play. Maybe next time we can get the games going earlier and more people can play." Sara whispered in my ear.

That was delightful to hear, both that she was planning on getting naked that night and that she was planning for "next time" we did this. Right as I was about to whisper back, Allyssa hit another shot, and Laura had to slip off her panties. Just like Kirstin, she was completely bare (either waxed or shaved, not sure). We had been friends with Laura for awhile but we had never seen her in a bathing suit, let alone naked. Laura and Allyssa were now BFF's, and stood together at the top of the table for a minute. Laura had her back to me during the game, so that was my first really good look at her. She caught me peeking and gave me a bit of a dirty look, but then laughed and winked at me. I think Sara may have given her a look though! That night was actually the last time I saw Laura until about two years later. However, the next time we saw Laura was quite the evening and will probably be its own story sometime soon.

Ok, back to the action. So, what happened next was kind of funny. We had two naked girls, one in just a thong and another with her shirt off but none of the guys had gotten in on the fun yet. It's not like the guys didn't want to play, but until that point only girls had volunteered. The girls protested though, and demanded that a guy play. I would have played against Sara but she had said she wasn't planning to play again and I thought it might hurt my chances of getting laid that night if I were to play with someone else. So, Jim said he would play and since nobody really wanted to see two guys play, we asked for a girl and Brynn volunteered.

This idea kind of backfired against the girls though. If we thought the first game where Sara only lost her shirt while getting Kirstin naked was lopsided, we were in for a laugh when Jim made very short work of Brynn. I don't think Brynn even got a single shot on goal! I mentioned that Jim and Allyssa basically lived at the gym and he seemed like one of those guys who was good at basically every sport. Foosball may not be a sport, but it kind of resembles soccer and Jim was great at it. The group barely had to time to notice Brynn's hot little body in between him scoring goals at will. She ran out of clothes in less than five minutes, joining her roommate Laura and Kirstin in the nude.

By this point, it was around midnight and we had been packed into the living room for awhile. The novelty of strip foosball had died down somewhat, and everyone needed a fresh drink. So, I made my way to the bar, and called out "last call" both for booze and for strip foosball. All three naked girls (and Allyssa in her thong) followed me into the living room for one last drink, and so did most of the crowd. Without the crowd in the living room, nobody volunteered for another game. We lost a handful of people too. Bill and Kate said their goodbyes, as did Emily, John, Greg and Megan (they had shared a car). Chrissy and Beth stayed with us for a bit though. None of the girls covered up at all, but I did dim the lights in the living room a little bit which seemed to make them all a little bit more comfortable. We all just kinda hang out for a little while. I noticed every time one of the naked girls would come talk to me while I was bartending, Sara would suddenly appear. That made me laugh a little, but either way I shut down the bar not long after that. It was getting really late and we had certainly had our fun for the evening.

It was a lot of fun to watch Laura and Brynn standing naked in my living room, chatting, as if there was nothing unusual about the whole evening. During Jim and Brynn's game I actually ended up standing between Laura and Sara, and I asked Laura if she was having fun and she said she was having a blast so that was good. I wasn't sure if this type of thing was normal for her and Brynn but they didn't seem too drunk and it looked like they were having fun. I will say that I managed an admirable amount of eye contact during a four or five minute conversation with naked Laura and naked Brynn by the bar. It's not that I didn't look at them...I just managed to get my looks while they weren't standing there talking to me!

Another 15 or 20 minutes passed and now suddenly naked girls were sorting out the giant pile of clothes in my dining room and getting dressed. Kirstin, notably, did not get dressed but did identify her clothes and put them in a pile. Laura and Brynn got dressed, as did Allyssa. Soon, more goodbyes were said, and it was just Sara, Kirstin, Brian and I left in the house. Kirstin was still naked.

"So...did I pass the test or whatever?" Kirstin asked us.

"Oh yes, you certainly showed us that you're not a prude." I said, looking her up and down. Everyone laughed and Sara playfully smacked me.

After that, Sara and I retired to my room, and Brian and Kirstin retired to his and thats actually it for this story. There is another night from that group that may make a good fourth chapter, so I leave this one as "to be continued" for now. Enjoy! 