
Emma's Farm - 6 (fsolo, beast, scat, ws)
disclaimer: this is a work of fiction

Emma checks on her horse, Rusty, and gets a very wet surprise.

---------------------------


     The cows had plenty of hay, but she had to dump a little more for the horses.  Remembering the erotic sight of the erect horse penis the day before, she was disappointed to see that neither horse was aroused at the moment.  She walked around to the back of the pen and kneeled so that she could get a better look at the horse's giant cock.  While not erect, it was still massive, and still oddly exciting.  Emma tentatively reached out and touched it.  It was warm, the leathery skin sitting loosely around the shaft.  It was massive, and Emma couldn't even get her fingers all the way around it.  As she gently pulled on it, so she could get a better look at it, the horse stirred and started to turn.  Emma was knocked backwards, and a look of shock shot across her face as she landed on her butt in a large pile of what seemed to be fresh horse shit.  
	Emma had experienced a lot of new things the past couple days, but she had not anticipated that sitting in horse shit would be one of them.  The shock of the landing had sent her own poo surging forward along the gusset until a lot of it was now resting comfortably in the front of her panties, completely covering her small hairless mound.   -it's just grass and oats - she told herself as she looked for a clean place to put her hands to push herself up. 
	But Rusty had now shifted his position so that he was facing the other direction, and was practically standing over Emma, his cock hanging just a few inches from her head in front of her.  It had slipped to the bottom of her priority list after falling in the horse shit, but she was immediately reminded of it again as she was hit in the chest with a sudden torrent of warm liquid.  Rusty was pissing on her, and Emma was finally understanding the term,  -pissing like a race horse -.  It was a massive quantity of urine, and it shot from the horses cock rather forcefully.  Within seconds Emma was completely soaked.  Her panties were now transparent and she could see the brown bulge inside them.  Her shirt clung to her slender frame, completely drenched, and even her hair was now wet, completely saturated in horse urine.  
	Emma sat there, frozen, unable to process what just happened to her.  After she got over the shock of it, and Rusty's stream terminated, Emma noticed something that she had not expected.  She looked down and sure enough, her right hand was inside her panties, her fingers pressed through the lump of poo, and she was stroking her clit.  She had started masturbating subconsciously!.  She thought about her predicament.  It was really not that bad.  The warm pee was mixing with her shit and with Rusty's shit to create a warm soup around her butt and thighs that actually felt quite nice.  She wiggled back and forth and was delighted with the squishing sensation.  Soon she had laid completely back and was masturbating furiously.  Her fingers slid along her vaginal opening, lubed by shit and piss.  Her right hand worked her clit while she massaged her nipples with the left, and soon she screamed allowed as her little body was rocked with an intense orgasm.  
	Emma stayed there, in the afterglow of her orgasm, until she started to get a little cold.  The pee was no longer warm and the sun had almost completely set now, a slight breeze came from the north and she was getting cold.  With reluctance she rolled over onto her front and pushed herself up.  She patted Rusty on the nose and said,  -good boy.  Thank you. -  And she set off in the direction of the house, turning off the stable light as she went through the door.  She sighed as she walked towards the house, knowing that her mother would be back tomorrow and her naughty adventures would come to an end.
	The one thing she had completely forgotten about however was that in the barn was a small camera hanging from the rafters.  Her mother had had a security system installed in various places throughout the farm which recorded everything that went on, night and day.  Emma had utterly forgotten about it, and she ambled back to the house in her soiled clothes, care-free and happy.