‘Okay dude… You can do this… It’s just a dream and you can get though it without getting aroused and… and –Holy Fuck!’

There was Omi, his innocent little golden angel, lying naked on his stomach, with his backside out for whole world to see.

Raimundo knew without a doubt that he was dreaming… Nothing about this world actually seemed real. All of his common sense pointed directly towards that fact… It was obvious… but… but… Guys weren’t supposed to have asses like that… Omi was NOT supposed to have an ass like THAT. He was a monk for goodness sake! He was supposed to be old, wrinkly, and unattractive…

What was worse was that Omi’s appearance was not at all dream induced, for this was what the teenage Omi actually looked like. Though he was still easily the shortest of the four dragons, Omi had grown a considerable amount taller. And although he had distinct male features, Omi also had sinful curves a woman would eagerly kill for. It was at this point and time that Raimundo wanted to kick puberty in the nuts and watch intently and quite happily as it wallowed in sever pain. The same idea went for his overactive libido.

‘Bad Raimundo! Very, very bad Raimundo!’ He mentally slapped himself. “Calm the fuck down! …Both of you!” Raimundo growled down at his ever growing erection. He was going to fix this problem, right now.

“Omi what the hell are you doing?!?!” Raimundo shrieked at the younger boy. “Why are you in your freaking birthday suit?!”

Omi, stunned only for a split moment, replied, “But Raimundo we are on a “nudey beach” are we not?” The teenage boy looked up innocently. “I thought we were not suppose to wear clothing here… or was I mistaken?”

“What? What are you--,” Raimundo looked up to a heavily unpleasant sight. A group of elderly people who’s skin was pruney and wrinkly before they got into the water…

‘OH GOD! OH GOD! Focus on Omi, focus on Omi, focus on Omi, dammit!’ Raimundo’s mind screamed.

“That’s NUDE beach, and (unfortunately) your right”, the tanned boy replied reluctantly. ‘Damn it!’ Raimundo cursed himself mentally. ‘I can’t keep doing this!’

Omi let out a thankful sigh. “I am most relieved,” the young monk explained with a winning smile, making the wind dragon blush even more.

“Raimundo?”

“Yeah, what?” The Brazilian boy replied with a grimace.

“Why are you wearing swimming trucks and…um…” Omi blushed.

‘Oh God… Whaaat?’

“How did you get your thingie it to stand up on its own like that?” The teen questioned innocently.

‘Oh Shit.’

This was about the time that dream!Omi would say something that real!Omi would NEVER say, which would undoubtedly run dream!Raimundo’s hormones into super overdrive and he would then proceed to fuck the younger monk into the ground. It was a wonderful, atrocious, and vicious continuing circle.

But he was not going to fall for it… not this time.

“Would it be all right if I put my mouth on it? So I could see what it tastes like?”

‘Oh… My… GOD…’

Raimundo felt a dark yet powerful surge of energy take him over. He was about to lose control to again…and he simply loved it and almost… welcomed it. A shade of crimson began glow at the center of his emerald eyes. Raimundo’s personality seemed to become almost… sinister… and vile.

His language changed as well. It became much more harsh and vulgar…

“Of course you can lick my cock, baby”, he petted the kneeling boy’s head. “And then I get to fuck you”

This all seemed so wrong in the crudest of ways, but to make it worse Omi’s angelic face morphed into a smile so wicked and dirty, it was then that the realization came…

…that all was lost…

In one swift motion, Omi yanked down the older male’s trunks and a mouth enveloped Raimundo’s-

---

Bang!

Bang!

“RAIMUNDO!”

The dream/nightmare had been interrupted…

Raimundo was so close… so very close… Well at least this was the first time in about three months he wouldn’t have to change his sheets, which was best, as the others were becoming a tad bit suspicious.

Raimundo’s alarm clock had lost any to all of its power to wake him up, so he no longer bothered to set it. The boy slept like a rock…

“RAIMUNDO!!”

So Omi took it upon himself to wake the Brazilian boy any time he ever overslept.

“ARE YOU AWAKE YET?!” The young monk yelled while unceremoniously banging on the sliding door.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

One of the many things Raimundo loved about Omi was the boy’s persistence.

Well… Raimundo admitted he both loved and hated that quality in Omi. On one end, he loved Omi’s persistence because the boy had a strong, undying will. However, Raimundo also hated that same trait because-

“RAIMUNDO!!!”

Bang!
Bang!
Bang!

It also meant Omi wouldn’t shut up… Well not until he got the reaction he wanted anyway…

“Raimundo! I am most sorry for being, very likely, unpleasantly loud, but Master Fung explained that if we were late for training one more time he would assign us to latrine duties for a month! But I also remember you stated most assertively that you did not wish for me to enter your room without knocking, so I do not…”

‘Oh yeah… The other day’, the wind dragon thought regretfully. When the younger monk had come into his room, Raimundo was still caught within his dreamy haze. So much that he had come dangerously close to throwing the boy on the floor to… do things with him. The only reason why he realized he was no longer dreaming was because this Omi still had his clothes on. It had been one of his better days…

“Raimundo…?”

Bang!
Bang!
Bang!

Well, he better get up before Omi knocked his arm off.

Raimundo slammed the door open. “Dude will you shut up?!?! I’m awake already!” He screamed angrily at the younger boy in front of him.

“I am most sorry, but I was worried that you overslept again…”Omi explained sheepishly with those eyes. Those eyes that could make your world stop. Those eyes that could make your heart break. Those eyes that the wind dragon could not resist, but did his hardest to try.

‘Stop doing that…’He inwardly cursed the boy. “Yeah, well as you can see, I’m awake so you can leave,” the older teen finished coldly.

“Raimundo I…” The emerald-eyed glare piercing though him, “Um… as you wish…” Omi looked down dejectedly. Raimundo felt him heart pinch a bit.

Raimundo immediately slid his door shut and waited for the sound of foot steps walking miserably away. He then heaved a great big sigh. The Brazilian boy hated treating him that way… he knew it wasn’t his fault… Soon after Raimundo felt his heart flip, but for different reason.

‘Oh… He’s so cute!’, the wind dragon thought contentedly of the young boy’s appearance.

‘Alright, enough daydreaming’, Raimundo scolded himself. He had to go outside soon or the others would begin to worry, which would create more problems. With a final pained sigh, the wind dragon readied himself to face the day and Omi…