Holiday 1 - The Awakening by Hightower28
 
This was a holiday we both needed. It seemed so long since we both went away together. We needed time alone – time to let loose where no one knew us, so we booked a holiday to Ibiza, the party capital of Europe. I remember walking out of the airport in Ibiza, the sun hit my face, I turned and looked at Jen and we both knew this was going to be a good holiday.

We got to our hotel and dropped off our bags. Jen went into the bathroom and returned in shorts and a t-shirt. “Lets hit the beach” she said. We walked to the beach and walked through the warm white sand until we found a good place to put down our towels for some sunbathing. As I sat on my towel I watched Jen as she removed her shorts and t-shirt. There she stood before me – a beach babe in her bikini. At 5’6” and a fit 130lbs she is every bit a beach babe. She then removed her bikini top revealing her 34D breasts. My eyes lit up, here was my beautiful 24 year old girlfriend standing on a packed beach in just her bikini bottoms. As I looked around I could see that my eyes were not the only eyes to light up as I counted at least 25 men staring at her.

This was the routine for the next 2 days. Jen’s tan was developing nicely. On the third day I was to get a huge surprise as Jen asked me if we could go to a more secluded beach to “really work on her tan”. I asked around and was told about a nice secluded beach about 1km away. So we headed away and found this beach. When we got there Jen did her usual routine – she out down her towel, took off her shorts, t-shirt and bikini top and went into the sea for a quick swim. I lay down on my towel and looked around, we were the only one there. As Jen walked out of the water I noticed that she had something in her hand. Had she found something? As she got closer I realised that what she had in her hand was her bikini bottoms. Much to my delight I watched as she got closer with the sun glistening off her wet, naked body as the beads of water ran down her sexy, toned body. Now I knew what she meant when she said “really work on her tan”.

That night as we prepared to go out I noticed Jen took a little longer than usual to get ready. But when she stepped out of the bathroom I knew it was worth it. She was wearing the shortest dress I had ever seen her wearing. It was a halter neck which had no back to it and a neckline that plunged all the way down passed her naval. That meant she could not be wearing a bra. She also wore 6” heels. Wow, she looked incredible. She then told me that she had seen a bar in the town that she would like to go to – “The Oasis”.
As we got to the Oasis bar I noticed there was a very large crowd of mainly men. I did not find this surprising as I had seen groups of men walking around all week. Jen drank 6 or 7 vodkas in the first hour and was in a very good mood. Jen excused herself to go to the toilet. I heard the D.J. announce “Now men, the moment you have all been waiting for – we have 10 of the most beautiful women in Ibiza to compete in our wet t-shirt competition. It is up to you to choose the winner”. One by one the women came out wearing just plain white t-shirts to loud cheers and applause from the crowd. To my surprise Jen was one of them. She looked at me, smiled and winked. She would be the last to go.

The D.J. started playing the music and one by one the girls danced for the crowd as water was poured over them. Some left their t-shirts on while more of them took them off and stood there in just their bikini bottoms or thongs. I don’t need to tell you which girls got the bigger cheers. Finally, it got to Jen’s turn. She looked so sexy as she danced raunchily with the water pouring over her. Her nipples were rock hard and were clearly visible through the now soaking t-shirt. I could tell she was incredibly turned on and so was I. She took off her t-shirt and flung it into the crowd to a big cheer. I thought that she was finished but to my surprise she continued to dance and danced right up to a group of guys at the front row. She grabbed the beers from their hands and started pouring them over her tits. To my shock the 2 guys dropped their heads and started to lick the beer off Jen’s tits and started sucking her nipples and she threw her head back and seemed to be enjoying it. Jen had never done anything like this before. I was getting incredibly turned on seeing 2 strangers sucking on Jen’s tits. 
The crowd started to chant “more, more, more”. Jen looked at me and smiled, she had a mischievous look in her eye. Without any hesitation Jen beckoned a third guy over. “What is she going doing now” I thought, I was already surprised with what she was already doing, this was totally unlike her. 

She whispered in the ear of the third guy and he walked away, only to return a few moments later with a table and put it down in front of Jen. Jen stood onto the table and started dancing. She grabbed the sides of her thong and pretended to pull it down. As she did so the crowd started chanting again “Get them off, get them off”. She looked at me as if asking for permission, I smiled and shrugged my shoulders. She smiled back and as she did so she quickly slipped herself out of the thong. She was now dancing completely naked on a table in a bar full of men, her beautiful tanned body and freshly shaven pussy clear for all to see – now I know why she had spent so long in the bathroom. It was an incredible sight – I had never seen her look so sexy or confident. I watched as she beckoned the third guy back over. She sat at the end of the table and got him to kneel in front of her. She then grabbed his beer and lay back on the table and started to pour the beer down along her stomach and onto her pussy. She then grabbed the guy’s head and pushed it between her legs and lay back further on the table. He did not need to be told twice and started to lick the beer off her shaven pussy. When the beer stopped pouring he tried to lift his head only to have it pushed back down by Jen who said “don’t you dare stop”. With that he smiled and went back to licking her pussy. I could tell she was close to orgasm then she threw her head back, closed her eyes and left out a scream of pleasure as the orgasm took over her body. When she finished the crowd cheered and applauded. The D.J. announced “I think we have a winner”.

Jen went back stage and put back on her dress. She came back over to me looking guilty and said “I’m so sorry, I don’t know what came over me. I only meant to do the wet t-shirt competition”. I looked at her and smiled “don’t be sorry, that was the sexiest thing I have ever seen and if you behave like this for the rest of the holiday then we are going to have the best holiday ever”
