Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Futa's Mind-Controlling Panties Chapter 8: Futa Enjoys the Reverend's Wife and Daughter
Summary: The futa mind-contorls the reverend's wife and daughter!
Keywords: Ff HFf hhF hhf inc oral 1st mc toy inter

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Mildred Dean

I smiled at the trembling Christabella Tuft. The reverend's daughter stood shell-shock at the debauchery she found in her living room. I stood naked. Her mother, Elouise, had her tongue licking up the last of the pussy juices from my cumming pussy. My futa-dick thrust over her head, the tip buried in the mouth of Mrs. Quick, my MILF lover.

W-what is going on, Mom? the girl gasped. Sixteen and gorgeous. She had an innocent, freckled face. Curly-brown hair fell down around her features. Glasses sparkled on her nose, amplifying the surprise in her blue eyes.

Just licking Mildred's yummy pussy. Elouise gave a long, satisfied sigh. Mmm, Christabella, honey, have you ever tried pussy?

Of course not, Mom! The girl's voice was shrill. She backed away. I'm not gay! I can't believe you are. Does Dad know?

He will. Elouise pulled her mouth from my pussy while Mrs. Quick released my cock. Now, honey, I know your father and I raised you to think lesbians were bad, but it's really just the best. To my delight, she rose naked and sauntered to her daughter, my pussy cream running down her chin. It's something every woman should try and... Well, you're sixteen now. You're definitely a woman.

Mom!

Mrs. Quick picked up my panties and then grabbed Elouise, stopping her retreat. She pressed the panties into her hand, giving her a grin. Understanding flashed in Elouise's eyes. The reverend's wife clutched my soaked purple thong in her hand.

What are you doing, Mom? Christabella asked. The sixteen-year-old girl, wearing a light-blue baby doll t-shirt and a pair of jeans, backed away. What are you doing with those panties.

Don't they smell delicious? The reverend's wife inhaled at my pink, mind-controlling thong and let out a long, satisfied sigh. Mmm, that's just a wonderful scent, honey.

Mom! gasped the shocked girl. What is wrong with you?

Why would you think anything's wrong with me? she asked. Here. 

Elouise shoved my panties into her daughter's face. My futa-cock throbbed as the girl batted at them, trying to slap them out of her mother's hand. All that did was set the panties to swinging back and forth.

Christabella froze as the panties brushed her face. She couldn't help but breathe in my musk now. The girl trembled. Her eyes widened. A shiver ran through her body. She bit her lip. Her breasts rose and fell. Her eyes had this wild in them.

She snatched the panties from her mother's hand and pressed them into her nose and mouth. A lacy strap draped over the rims of her glasses. She breathed in deeply. I loved this moment when a girl surrendered to my musk.

Oh, wow, that's good, Christabella moaned. That's pussy?

Mildred's wonderful musk, the naked reverend's wife said. She had round breasts that swayed as she breathed. Her blonde hair swayed about her shoulders. She had the same blue eyes as her daughter, their faces similar.

Elouise, teach your daughter how to eat your pussy, I said, my dick throbbing. And you better get naked for that.

Right, Christabella said. That makes sense. I have to eat pussy.

Mmm, yes, you do, I said. It's a skill you need to learn. And how to take a cock. I mean... An idea popped into my head. You're going to need to take your mother's place in your father's bed. She's a lesbian now. She's going to be seducing every woman she can at your church.

I only like futa-cock now, said Elouise. She glanced over at me. I mean, look at Mildred's dick. Isn't it beautiful?

Yeah, the daughter said as she pulled up her baby doll t-shirt.

Mmm, you are amazing, Mildred, Mrs. Quick cooed. She hugged me from behind. She pressed her tits into my back, so large and soft. The married milf cupped my own round breast. She kneaded them as Christabella's boobs came into view.

They were covered by a denim bra. It looked cute on her. The reverend's daughter reached behind her and unhooked it. I groaned at the sight of her teenage tits uncovered. Bared to the world. Her mother groaned and then grabbed her daughter's tits.

I smiled as the mother nuzzled her face down and then sucked on her daughter's right nipple. My futa-dick throbbed. Pressure swelled in my girl-balls and an itch formed in my cunt's depths. Christabella gasped at her mother's naughty touch.

Ooh, that's so nice, gasped the reverend's daughter. She trembled under the incestuous touch of her mother's hot tongue. It swirled around her nub, teasing her, stroking her. Wow, Mom, that's delicious.

Yes, it is, I moaned. Don't stop stripping.

Right! Christabella gaped. I got distracted.

She unfastened her jeans and worked them off her hips. She couldn't bend over with her mother sucking on her nub, but she wiggled them down her legs. Her curly hair danced and light reflected off her glasses. Her panties were pink with a cute bow on the front. She slid those off next.

A trimmed bush came into view. Her succulent pussy peeked out. My dick throbbed. 

Mrs. Quick nuzzled into my ear. She licked my lobe and whispered, Who are you going to fuck first? Mother or daughter?

Daughter, I groaned, picturing the naughty fun to come in my mind already.

Mrs. Quick giggled, her breasts rubbing into my back.

With her daughter naked, the reverend's wife stopped nursing. She guided Christabella to the couch. Elouise sat down on it and spread her thighs. Her eager daughter knelt down before her, staring right at her mother's twat.

Now, I'm no expert, said Elouise. I mean, I just ate my first pussy, but you might want to start with kissing. I always like that.

Does dad do that to you? Christabella asked as she leaned forward.

He did. A smile spread on Elouise's lips. Now I'd rather have you do it than him.

Mrs. Quick flicked my ear with her tongue. Mmm, you're going to fuck Christabella now.

I nodded, my eyes locked on the girl's cute, tight rump as she leaned over. Her ass aimed right at me. She wiggled it from side to side, her pubic hair gleaming with her dewdrops. She nuzzled into her mother's bush. I watched her head move as she kissed up and down it.

Elouise shuddered at the incestuous contact of her daughter's mouth on her pussy. A big grin spilled over her lips. She shuddered and then she groaned out in delight. She arched her back and squirmed on the couch, her round breasts teasing.

Now let's add some tongue, the reverend's wife purred to her daughter. A shudder ran through Elouise. Yes, yes, just like that. Caress me there. Ooh, I like that.

Her daughter must be fluttering her tongue up and down the sexy MILF's slit. The ache swelled to the tip of my futa-dick. I couldn't hold back any longer. I had to be in her cunt. I pulled away from Mrs. Quick and fell to my knees behind the sixteen-year-old cutie.

Elouise's feverish, blue eyes fell on me. She bit her lip and moaned, her breasts jiggling. Then her gaze flicked down my body. I felt her staring at my futa-cock. She let out a whimper and nodded her head in encouragement.

Yes, yes, slide your big futa-cock into my daughter's pussy!

Christabella gasped. She wiggled her rump. I'm a virgin, Miss Dean.

Yes, I groaned. Breaking in Chloe's virgin pussy had been such a treat. I was eager for another. 

Mrs. Quick sank down on the couch beside the reverend's wife. I'm Dianne Quick.

Nice to meet you, panted Elouise. Then she turned her head and kissed Mrs. Quick right on the mouth.

I shuddered at the sight and pressed my cock into Christabella's silky bush. Her hair brushed the tip a moment before I found her hot, virgin lips. Juices soaked her. She dripped in excitement for me, so ready for me to just slide into her and break her in.

I found the entrance to her pussy. I pressed right on that naughty spot. I loved the feel of her quivering against me. She wiggled her hips back into me as she devoured her mother's juicy twat. I smiled at that.

There's your hymen, I moaned. Ready to be broken in?v
Yes, Miss Dean! she moaned.

Elouise broke the kiss with Mrs. Quick. Oh, Mildred, do it! Break in my daughter's pussy!

I grinned and thrust.

The girl gasped as I pressed on her hymen. I pushed against her, aching to slide into her depths. She whimpered and moaned. Her hips wiggled as her maidenhead stretched and stretched before my thick cock.

Her cherry popped.

I slammed into her pussy's warm, wet embrace. I groaned at the feel of her cunt engulfing me. Her hot flesh slid around me. She moaned into her mother's pussy. That silky embrace stirred such wonderful delight around my cock. I groaned in absolute delight at being in another teenager's cunt.

How is it? moaned Elouise. She stared at her daughter. How does it feel to have Mildred's futa-cock in you?

It feels amazing, Mom! the girl answered, her pussy squeezing down around my futa-cock.

I can't wait until I get my chance, the reverend's wife said, a big smile on her face.

Oh, you're going to get to enjoy my dick! I panted and drew back my hips.

My cock slid out of her daughter's tight and juicy pussy. The pleasure surged through my body. My girl-dick throbbed and ached. I groaned as I slammed back into the daughter's pussy. I buried to the hilt in her, my tits heaving.

This amazing delight swept through my body. I groaned, so eager to explode in the girl's pussy. I would cum so hard. I would just flood her twat with all my jizz. I stroked her, caressed her. I buried into her pussy as hard and fast as I could.

Her twat clenched around me. I savored it while she moaned into her mother's pussy. She feasted on Elouise. The reverend's wife groaned and gasped. Her body shuddered. Mrs. Quick leaned over and engulfed one of Elouise's nipples.

Oh, yes, yes, that's good! moaned Elouise. She licked her lips and then thrust her hand down. Ooh, Dianne, I have to touch your pussy.

She pressed her right hand between Mrs. Quick's thighs. Elouise slid through the MILF's golden bush. Mrs. Quick moaned around the nipple she sucked. Her body trembled. I grinned at the wicked sight, loving to see the reverend's wife openly exploring another woman.

Mrs. Quick certainly didn't object.

Mmm, you have such a wet cunt, panted Elouise. Ooh, I bet lesbians use dirty words like that all the time.

Yes, they do, I panted, thrusting hard, my balls smacking into Christabella's flesh. The pleasure surged through me. My cunt drank it in. My tits heaved.

I got my fingers sliding into your pussy! moaned Elouise. Into your tight cunt. Ooh, yes, yes, you like that, don't you? I can feel it in how you suck on my nipple. Oh, yes, yes, you're going to help me cum on my daughter's face, aren't you?

Yes, she is! I panted, thrusting harder and faster. I rammed my futa-dick into her cunt. The silky plunge felt incredible to me. The heat swept around me. She's going to make you explode. You're going to shower her in your cream.

Yes, yes, yes! the reverend's wife moaned. Oh, Christabella, honey, you're going to drink all my pussy cream up, right?

Yes! the girl moaned, her pussy clenching around me.

The ache swelled at the tip of my futa-dick pounding into her. My balls swelled with my futa-cum. They smacked heavily into her bush. The girl moaned as she feasted on her mother, her pussy stirring around me.

I loved it. My breasts heaved as the moans and gasps echoed through the living room. The reverend's wife moaned. Her face twisted with delight. Then she bucked on the couch. Climactic pleasure crossed her face. 

Pure rapture.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned, her back arching. Oh, my god, that's so good. That's amazing. That's the bliss I crave. Oh, oh, I love it! Drink my juices, honey. Drink all of your mommy's juices.

Yes, Mommy! the girl gasped, her pussy clenching around me. I groaned as I buried into her tight embrace.

Her pussy went wild. She moaned into her mother's twat as her cunt convulsed in climactic celebration around me. I groaned, reveling in the passion. The bliss. It swept over me. It felt incredible rippling around me.

I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. My back arched. Her cunt sucked at my futa-dick. She tugged at it. The pressure surged to the very tip of my girl-cock as her teenage twat sucked at my futa-cock.

Please, please, flood her so I can lick her clean! the reverend's wife howled.

Yes! I gasped and buried into her teenage daughter.

My cum erupted.

Mom! Mom! Miss Dean is cumming in me! Christabella howled while her pussy milked my cock.

Ecstasy slammed into my mind with every eruption of cum that flooded out of my girl-balls. From my writhing pussy swept bliss. It flowed out through my body. I groaned, enjoying the two delights as I basted Christabella's pussy with my cum.

I made a delicious creampie for the reverend's wife to feast upon. That sent a heady rush through me that swept more rapture into my mind. I groaned, stars dancing before me. Christabella's juicy twat milked me clean. She worked out every drop of my spunk.

My head shook from the bliss. The rapture left me groaning. Elouise stared at me. A naughty smile spread across her lips. She stared at me with hunger while she kept working her fingers in and out of Mrs. Quick's pussy.

Hungry? I asked her and pulled my girl-dick out of her daughter's pussy.

Yes! gasped Elouise. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sasha Ford

I breathed in the spicy musk of Chloe Quick's pussy wreathing her panties before I could stop myself. She smeared them across my face, soaking me in her juices before she yanked her panties back and blinked at me.

You're not the pizza guy, she gasped.

I breathed heavily. I had just inhaled her panties. This fourteen-year-old brat had gotten the drop on me. Oh, god, was I under her mind control powers now? I had to be. That was how this worked, right? Yes, it was. I had proven that with my own mother and bratty sister.

They were both under the control of the mind-controlling panties that I'd stolen from Mildred Dean. It was why I had a futa-cock throbbing beneath my skirt. I gripped my own panties in my hand soaked in my juices.

Could I mind-control Chloe back?

Well, if you're here, Chloe said, shrugging, get in and get naked. We're going to have some fun.

I didn't want to go in. I mean, I did, but only to mind-control Mrs. Solomon, the hussy who had broken apart my parents' marriage. I had planned on using her to get my dad back. To make the busty trophy wife with her huge, fake tits into our family's personal sex slave.

She would deserve it.

Sure, I said, pretending I was under Chloe's power. It seemed like her panties didn't work on me. So mine probably wouldn't work on her, but what about those already under her power. 

I sauntered in onto finding Mrs. Solomon naked on the couch, shuddering as Kendall Lyons feasted on her. The fifteen-year-old, Black girl had her face buried into the tan beauty's pussy just licking away. Ms. Lyon, an ebony-skinned MILF, nursed on a shiny dildo, sucking on it with hunger.

You've been busy, I said and winched. Did that give me away.

Yep, Chloe said. Hawaiian Pizza's on the way. That's the best pizza, right?

I wanted to barf. But I lied, Yep. Just the best.

She grinned at me. She seemed so easily amused. Now, get naked and let's play. She looked around. Mmm, I bet you like it up the ass. So why don't you use the vibrator on Ms. Lyon and I'll ass-fuck you hard.

My futa-dick twitched. Okay, I said, gripping my panties. Then I casually threw them at Mrs. Solomon. She gasped as they landed on her face and ripped them away. She threw them down and shot me an annoyed look. Those are sopping wet.

I gaped at her. Really? That doesn't work.

Oh, my god, you have a cock! Chloe fell to her knees before me and thrust up my skirt. I shuddered as my futa-dick popped out before me, bobbing hard. She grabbed it in her hand, stroking up and down it. That's so hot.

She engulfed my girl-dick.

I gasped in shock at the fourteen-year-old sucking on my cock. Ms. Lyon watched. She smiled and crawled over to us. Her round, dark breasts swayed. She knelt beside the energetic, blonde, fourteen-year-old futa blowing me with hunger.

Mmm, Miss Chloe, just suck hard on her, Ms. Lyon cooed.

Chloe did. She sucked with enthusiasm. The blonde futa polished my pole with her mouth. The pleasure shot straight to my pussy. My balls roiled with a load of cum to fire into her mouth. Just a big mouthful that she would gulp down with hunger.

I smiled, savoring this delight. It felt so great to have her mouth working up and down my futa-dick. Then Ms. Lyon pressed the metallic dildo against my balls. She nudged my nutsack, stroking me. A smile played on her lips.

She twisted the bottom of it. The dildo hummed to life.

Shit! I gasped as the vibrator teased my nuts. Oh, shit, yes!

The buzzing on my nuts from the vibrator rose up to my shaft buried in Chloe's hungry mouth. The other futa nursed on me, her blonde hair swaying about her face. She had such a twinkle in her eyes. My pussy clenched, drinking in all these sensations.

Then Ms. Lyon moved the vibrator. She pressed it right against my pussy lips. I gasped at the buzzing toy numbing my labia with bliss. I shuddered as she rubbed it up and down. It sent pleasure flooding up to my cock buried in Chloe's sucking mouth.

She nursed on me with hunger. She bobbed her head, her tongue dancing around my cock's tip. The bliss swelled through me. I groaned, my back arching as I enjoyed the pleasure sweeping through my body.

Oh, damn, that's it! I panted, Chloe nursing. I'm going to flood your mouth with so much jizz. Ooh, that's exciting. I like what you're doing there. That's real nice. Mmm, I'm going to fire a bunch of jizz into your mouth. Yes, yes, just bob that head.

Her mouth worked up and down my dick. The pleasure spilled around my cock. This bliss swept through my body. I squeezed my eyes shut as the rapture surged through me. It rose to the tip of my dick. I would have such a huge explosion of bliss.

Ms. Lyon worked the vibrator up and down my pussy lips. She nudged my clit. Sparks flared, splashing through my pussy. My balls drank in the sensation. My girl-dick throbbed in Chloe's hungry mouth. She sucked on it with such hunger. I would unleash so much jizz. 

Mmm, you like that, Sasha? Ms. Lyon asked.

You know I do, I groaned. Ooh, that's good.

Then you'll love this.

The vibrator jammed into my cunt.

My balls tightened.

Shit, yes! I gasped. I fucking love that.

I erupted.

I fired spurt after spurt of my cum into the fourteen-year-old girl's mouth. She sucked hard on it. This heat swelled through me. I shuddered as she nursed it out of me with such hunger. My pussy convulsed around the vibrator. It hummed away in my cunt, massaging me.

Amplifying the pleasure surging through my body.

The bliss and ecstasy howled through me. My head threw back. I gasped as the sparks danced across my mind. The rapture spilled over my thoughts. I shuddered, this heat amazing. It was fantastic. I groaned, swaying from the dizzying bliss.

Damn! I panted, my pussy writhing around the vibrator pumping in and out of my cunt.

It made every eruption of girl-cum from my balls feel amazing. My nuts kept unloading. I swear I had already fired more jizz into Chloe's mouth than ever. She kept gulping it down, moaning as she swallowed while my mind melted beneath the onslaught of blisses.

Waves of ecstasy from my cunt. Jolts of rapture from my futa-cock. The humming toy kept the bliss alive in me. It kept the ecstasy surging out of me. I groaned, dizzy from the sensations swirling through me.

I shuddered, heart pounding. My tits jiggled in my tank top.

Ms. Lyon ripped the vibrator out of my pussy. She shut it off and sucked it into her mouth. I groaned and then my legs gave out. I was lying on my back on the floor before I knew it, my cock bobbing, drenched in saliva.

Oh, my fucking god! I moaned.

Right! Chloe moaned and then the fourteen-year-old futa was on me. 

Her dick slammed into my cunt still coming down from the rapture stirred up by the vibrator. I gasped at how thick and huge she was. My first ever girl-cock slid into my pussy. A warm, wet, fleshy shaft filled me.

Not something made of plastic or rubber or metal. This was a true cock. A girl's cock.

Holy fucking shit! I gasped, my futa-dick throbbing. Her crotch smacked into my balls. I groaned at the naughty sensation rippling through me as the blonde cutie thrust away at my cunt, her face twisting with pleasure.

Drool and cum dribbled over her chin. Her titties, even smaller than my own, barely had any jiggle. I groaned as she pounded me. She thrust in hard and fast. She had a big grin on her face, thinking I was under her mind-control power.

Isn't that just the best? she asked.

Yes! I gasped, squeezing my cunt down on her. Oh, yes, yes, Chloe!

Mmm, that's so hot, moaned Kendall. Can I sit on her face, Chloe?

Of course! gasped Chloe.

I licked my lips. Eating out Kendall Lyon was on my list of things to do. She was a sexy, fifteen-year-old girl. Her skin was a mocha-brown, a lighter hue than her mother. Her small tits jiggled as she moved around me. Then she straddled me. I stared up at her shaved pussy, her slit tight and dripping.

She sank down on me and planted her pussy right on my mouth. I groaned at the feel of her hot cunt. Her tangy juices dribbled between my lips before I even did anything to her. I groaned and kissed at her shaved vulva.

Then I licked her. I slid my tongue through her slit, parting her folds. I stroked across her hot flesh and...

Was that a hymen?

I thrust my tongue out and struck a barrier across the entrance of her pussy. She gasped and shuddered as I pushed on her maidenhead. My futa-cock throbbed and my cunt clenched down hard on Chloe's thrusting girl-dick.

You have a cherry cunt? I blurted out.

Yep! Kendall moaned.

Why haven't you popped her yet, Chloe? I asked.

Saving her for Mildred, of course, groaned Chloe. Isn't she just great?

Yeah, I lied. I licked at a virgin pussy. It was like finding a unicorn.

I worshiped this cunt. I wanted to deflower this pussy. If I could, I would slide my cock right into Kendall's cunt. I would get the thrill of deflowering her tangy twat. I licked and lapped at her as Chloe drove her cock hard and fast into my cunt. She buried deep into me.

My balls grew tighter and tighter with Chloe's every thrust. Her dick felt amazing in my pussy. Better than any strap-on. It was so hot getting fucked by a futa-dick. I shuddered, squeezing down around her, increasing the friction.

I moaned into Kendall's virgin cunt as the pleasure swept through me. It was so incredible. I would cum so hard on Chloe's big dick. I would milk out all that spunk in her. it would be incredible. I shuddered, squirming on the ground.

Yes, yes, yes! moaned Kendall as she ground her cunt on my mouth. Mmm, that's so hot. Yes, yes, you're just licking me out, aren't you?

Uh-huh, I groaned. You taste so good.

She does, Ms. Lyon moaned. She had clearly enjoyed feasting on her daughter's cunt. Ooh, Danielle, what are you going to do with that?

The vibrator buzzed to life.

Use it on, Alesha, Mrs. Solomon purred.

Ms. Lyon gasped. The hum of the vibrator muted. I shuddered, knowing the two MILFs were having their fun. I shuddered, clenching my pussy around Chloe's futa-dick. I savored the impact of her balls on my taint.

She would cum in me.

I had never had a cock cum in me before. I moaned into Kendall's virgin pussy as the excitement to have that thrill swelled through me. I licked with even more passion at her pussy I fluttered my tongue through her labia and brushed her clit.

She squirmed on me. She moaned. Yes, yes, yes, Sasha!

Make her cum! Chloe moaned. Ooh, and make me cum! I'm going to flood you, Sasha!

She grabbed my futa-cock and fisted me. She stroked her hand up and down my dick while driving her hard shaft in and out of my pussy. I gasped at the extra stimulation. It felt so incredible as it swept through me. I shuddered, my cunt clenching down on Chloe's dick.

The ache swelled at the tip of my cock. The pressure built in my cunt. My balls tightened. All these wicked sensations swirled around in me. I moaned into Kendall's pussy as Chloe drove me wild with all the naughty things she did to me.

Her thumb ran across the crown of my cock.

Fuck! I gasped. 

I sucked on Kendall's clit as I surged towards the pinnacle of my orgasm. Chloe slammed her girl-dick into me. She buried hard and fast. Her balls smacked into me. Her hand stroked up to the pinnacle of my girl-dick.

I exploded.

I moaned around Kendall's clit as hot futa-cum fired out of my cock and then splattered my tits. My pussy went wild around Chloe's girl-cock as she drew back. My cunt sucked at her, eager for her cum.

Oh, snap, that's good! Kendall moaned. Just keep sucking, Sasha! And look at that cum exploding!

I know! Chloe moaned, driving her girl-dick in and out of my pussy. I'm going to spurt in her!

Bust those girly nuts in her! The Black girl shuddered. Fuck!

Her virgin pussy burst with a shower of girl-cream. They gushed out of her pussy and showered across my face. I licked them up. I feasted on them as the pleasure rippled through my body. My pussy convulsed and writhed. The pleasure surged through my body. Ecstasy fired from my girl-dick.

Oh, yes! Chloe moaned and rammed to the hilt in me. Her girl-dick erupted.

Hot cum flooded into me. I gasped as I felt it spurting into me. Wild spurts of girl-cum that bathed my pussy for the first time. It was so hot feeling the spunk splattered my insides. My cunt writhed around her dick. I milked her futa-cock. I worked out that spunk. 

She pumped it into my cunt. She filled me up. It was incredible to enjoy. I whimpered, my pussy writhing and spasming around her girl-dick. I hit the peak of my rapture as Chloe kept pumping my cunt full of that girl-spunk.

Ooh, Sasha, yes! she moaned.

God, that's good, I purred and licked up more of Kendall's tangy pussy juices. They were incredible. A virgin. A real, honest-to-goodness virgin.

Kendall slipped off my face. She fell on her back. Her breasts rose and fell. She trembled as she lay there. I licked my lips, savoring the taste. Futa-cum spilled over my breasts and ran in rivulets across my tits. 

That was incredible, Chloe moaned, her blonde hair dancing around her face. Mmm. She stroked my cock. This is a nice one. When did Mildred give you panties?

My stomach lurched. Well, you see

The doorbell rang. 

Pizza! The girl squealed with delight and bolted to her feet. She snagged up her panties and raced for the door. I shuddered then glanced over at Kendall. Was this my chance to pop her cherry? If she would let me, of course.

Sadly, no mind control.

Her mother and Mrs. Solomon sixty-nined wildly. Chloe wrenched open the door with another squeal. As she shoved her panties into the delivery driver's face, I crawled over to Kendall. I mounted her panting body and kissed her hard on the mouth.

She didn't resist me. I pressed my cum-splattered body against hers. My cock rubbed against her shaved, virgin pussy. Our tongues danced and dueled. This wild delight shot through my body. I was going to fuck her so hard. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mildred Dean

I drew slowly out of Christabella's pussy. I shuddered as her virgin pussy lips clung to me. Then my cock popped out. A line of pussy juices connected us. Already, my pearly spunk dribbled out. That naughty flood. 

I smacked my lips. Her twat looked so delicious. Christabella turned over and sat on her rump, her back leaning against the wall. Her perky titties rose and fell, her face flushed and smeared in her mother's pussy cream.

The reverend's wife was already moving, eager to eat out her daughter's creampie. Elouise fell to her knees beside me. She darted her head down without even hesitating, so eager to bury into that girl's pussy and lick her out.

I had to join her. I darted down, too. I pressed my face beside hers. I nuzzled against Elouise's cheek, just so ready to eat that hot snatch. It would be incredible. A wild delight. Our faces rubbed tight. Then we were both nuzzling into that wonderful cunt.

Our tongues flicked out together.

Mom! Miss Dean! gasped the nubile thing. Her back arched, thrusting her round breasts up into the air. Her head craned back, leaned back onto the couch cushion.

Mmm, look at you, Mrs. Quick said. She leaned over and licked the incestuous pussy juices off Christabella's face. The two shared an upside-down kiss, tongues flashing.

It was so hot to watch as I tasted my own salty cum flavored by the tangy, deflowered pussy. It sent such a wicked and naughty heat through me. My heart pounded as my tongue darted through her folds. I licked at her. Feasted on her.

The flavor of her hot cunt melted across my tongue. I fluttered up and down. I plundered her. I devoured her cunt. I thrust my tongue into her twat and swirled around. Her mother's tongue joined me. The girl moaned into Mrs. Quick's mouth as we feasted on her.

My hips wiggled from side to side, brushing against Elouise's. It was so hot to share this incestuous creampie with her. My futa-cock throbbed. My pussy juices soaked the bottom of my dangling nutsack.

Oh, Mom! Miss Dean! whimpered the girl.

Mmm, they're just having so much fun with your cute body, Mrs. Quick moaned. She leaned out farther, her large breasts sliding over Christabella's face. The MILF grabbed the teenager's tits and squeezed them. She kneaded them.

It was so hot to watch. A wild sight to see. An amazing delight. My cunt clenched. The heat swelled through me. I thrust my tongue back into the girl's twat. I reveled in licking her out. In feasting on her mother. Elouise and I both licked and lapped at the girl's twat.

She moaned. Her head turned. She rubbed her face into the MILF's big tits. Mrs. Quick's fingers found Christabella's nipples. The blonde twisted them. The teenager's cunt squeezed my tongue against her mother's in that naughty hole.

Ooh, you taste so good, moaned Elouise. Mmm, yes, yes, Christabella. 

She thrust her tongue deep into the girls' pussy. Mine flicked up to the teenager's clit. I fluttered my tongue against her hard bud. She moaned into the MILF's tits as her mother and I pleasured her. This wicked heat swelled in me.

Oh, gosh, yes, whimpered the reverend's daughter. Mom! Miss Dean! Ooh, Mrs. Quick, that's nice!

Mmm, you're going to have such a nice orgasm, aren't you? the MILF cooed. She pinched both the girl's nipples.

She bucked. Yes!

Cum all over their faces, purred Mrs. Quick. Mmm, you're going to have such a big orgasm. Just drench them.

Yes, yes, drench us! I moaned and sucked on her clit.

Oh, do it, honey! the mother moaned.

The girl trembled. Bucked. Then she squealed in delight. Her pussy juices gushed out of her cunt and bathed my face. Her mother's. She drenched us with her tangy delight. Our tongues flew over the teenager's cuntlips, sliding past the other to drink up all that wonderful cream.

A heady heat rushed through me as we shared this naughty delight. Cream ran down to my chin. My nose breathed in the teenager's wonderful musk. It was such a heady rush. My futa-cock throbbed. My girl-balls ached with more cum to unload in someone. A hot itch formed in my pussy.

Oh, Mom! Miss Dean! The girl trembled. Ooh, that was so good.

It was, Elouise purred.

Mmm. I turned my head and kissed the mother.

She kissed me back, her lips soaked in her daughter's cream. That excited me so much. As I kissed her, I pushed her back. I mounted her. I slid onto her and savored the feel of my round breasts pressing into hers. She quivered beneath me, my futa-cock nudging into her married pussy.

I was so ready to give the lesbian reverend's wife her true taste of a real cock. A nice, big futa-schlong to fill her cunt to the hilt. I bet she would just convulse on it. She would go wild and explode in rapture.

I broke the kiss. Ready?

I'm so ready, she whimpered. Oh, god, you have no idea how ready I am. How much I want this. Need this.

I grinned at her and pushed my cock against her married twat. One of my biggest fantasies come to life, only it wasn't a dildo like I'd imagined. It was my big dick. I pressed forward. Her juicy cuntlips spread over my cock. Her blue eyes widened as I slid deeper and deeper into her cunt.

She shuddered. Her pussy clenched down around me. Her body trembled. She whimpered and groaned. My girl-cock sank deeper and deeper into Elouise's cunt. Our nipples rubbed together as she trembled beneath me.

Wow, groaned Christabella.

Mmm, I know, Mrs. Quick groaned. Makes me want to eat some pussy. We could sixty-nine.

That's where we lick each other?

Until we both cum.

The girl squealed in delight. I watched them slip into it, Mrs. Quick crawling off the couch, her big tits swaying. Christabella stretched out on her back. Then they were feasting on each other. MILF and teenager devouring hot cunt.

That is so beautiful to watch, Elouise moaned, her pussy clenching down on me.

It is! I moaned, pumping away at her married pussy. This was all so wild. Such a hot thrill. I was so glad that I got to turn her into a lesbian. My dick throbbed inside of her pussy. My balls smacked into her flesh. The sounds echoed through the air around us.

I nuzzled my nose into hers. I stared into her eyes, our breasts rubbing together. It was so amazing to experience. My dick throbbed and ached as I pumped away at her. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried my dick to the hilt in her. I plundered that delicious and amazing cunt with powerful strokes. I would be spurting so hard into her.

Just erupting all my jizz into her.

I kissed her. I made out with my reverend's wife. The pleasure swept through my body. Her pussy clenched around my girl-dick. She stimulated me as I pumped in and out of her cunt. The pleasure swept through me.

Mrs. Quick! Christabella moaned. Oh, yes, yes, your tongue feels so good.

Mmm, so does yours, honey, the blonde MILF moaned.

And your big boobies are rubbing into my stomach. I love how soft your tits are.

I broke the kiss with Elouise to moan, So do I, Dianne. They're great.

Oh, that makes me feel so good. Mrs. Quick shuddered. Ooh, Christabella, that feels so good.
Mmm, my daughter's budding into such a precocious pussy licker, Elouise moaned, her body shuddering beneath me.

Yes, she is, I groaned. Takes after her sexy mother.

The reverend's wife beamed at me, her cunt squeezing down my big dick sliding into her.

The pressure swelled in my balls. I would unload so much cum into her cunt. I would pump her full of all that jizz. It would be incredible. A huge explosion of spunk that would spurt out of me and bathe her twat.

The pleasure built and built with every thrust into her cunt. Her silky flesh squeezed about me. I reveled in it. My breasts rubbed into her nipples. Sparks flared. The pleasure showered through me. I groaned, my hips pounding away at her cunt.

Her hot silk squeezed about my dick. She massaged me with that heavenly delight. I groaned, driving my girl-dick hard and fast into her married pussy. The lesbian preacher's wife moaned beneath me.

Mildred! she gasped, her hand sliding down to grab my ass. She squeezed me. Oh, Mildred, yes, yes!

Is someone going to cum on my cock? I asked, staring into her eyes.

Mmm, big time! She grinned at me. Just writhe all around it. It'll be incredible. Just keep driving that dick into me.

This big, hard, and throbbing futa-dick? I asked, pumping away.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned, fingernails clawing at my rump. I'm going to cum on this cock.

Do it! I panted, driving deep and hard into her.

Her pussy grew hotter. She clamped down around my driving futa-dick clearly increasing the pleasure she was receiving from me. Her body trembled, her nipples sliding across my breasts. The bliss swelled in my nuts. I was so close to erupting.

Then she gasped. Her cunt went wild around my girl-cock. Hot flesh rippled around my dick as I pumped away at her. I shuddered at the heat swelling through me. It was incredible. I threw back my head, groaning at the bliss that she delivered to me.

Cum in me! she moaned.

It swelled through me. My balls tightened as they cracked against her. The smack-smack sound resounded through the air while she gasped out in ecstasy. The pleasure surged to the tip of my cock. My girly nuts boiled over.

I erupted into her cunt.

Elouise! I moaned and kissed her.

I pumped my futa-cum into the reverend's wife. I flooded her with spunk. I savored the heat slamming ecstasy into my mind. The rapture blazed across my thoughts. I trembled on her, spurting blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. The heat swept through me. It left me dizzy. I groaned into her kiss as my jizz spurted out of me again and again.

Her tongue danced with mine while her pussy milked my girl-cock. She worked out all that spunk brimming in me. I groaned as I pumped her full of my jizz. Pleasure rushed out of my convulsing twat. Stars danced before my eyes.

I fired that last blast into her. My orgasm hit its peak.

I broke the kiss and stared down into her eyes. She grinned up at me, such delight sparkling in them. She had so thoroughly enjoyed herself. Her cunt clenched down on my hard cock. In the background, her daughter and Mrs. Quick moaned through their own orgasms.

That was amazing, Mildred, she breathed. Mmm, that was so much better than anything my husband ever gave me.

I'm honored, I said. I went to kiss her when my stomach gurgled.

She giggled. Hungry.

I nodded. 

Mmm, me, too. I was about to make dinner, but it's probably ruined. She sighed. 

Then I guess we better go out, I said, arching my eyebrow, naughty ideas popping into my head.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

I shoved my panties into the pizza guy's face. He groaned as he stood there. He breathed in the scent of my panties. I shuddered in delight as he stared at me. He let out such a throaty moan. Then he licked my panties.

Eww, gross! I gasped, jerking them back. Only cute girls get to lick my panties. Cute girls and hot MILFs!

Sorry, he said, smiling foolishly at me. I, um, got two Hawaiian pizzas here.

They're the best, aren't they? I asked, taking them from him.

Yeah, he said in dawning realization. They really are.

I beamed at him. Thanks. I'm not going to pay. You're really awesome for giving these to me for free.

Oh, yeah, he said. I hope you enjoy them. I'll tell my manager I had to give them to you for free.

Yep, you had to, I said. Now, bye. We have pizza to eat and pussy to enjoy!

I knocked on the door close with my hip and whirled around. Mrs. Solomon and Ms. Lyon were kissing and shuddering together while Sasha was on Kendall. They were making out with hunger while Sasha pressed her cock

No! I shouted. You can't pop her cherry! That's for Mildred to enjoy!

Sasha broke the kiss and groaned. Oh, no, she's mine!

Indignation flared through me. Stop this at once!

She didn't listen to me. I shoved my panties in her face, and she didn't listen to me? Her cock was pressing on Kendall's virginity. I couldn't let this happen. I had to protect the Black girl's cherry for the amazing Mildred.

What should I do if I couldn't control Sasha? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The figure watched on with interest.

It could see everything through the mist of its waterfall. This newest game was heading in such intriguing directions. Sasha Ford had her panties, but she had avoided being mind-controlled by Mildred. Now she was acting on her own.

What would she do?

The chaos she brought stimulated the figure. It breathed it in as it watched Chloe struggle to come up with a plan. She had only moments before that sexy, Black girl would get her cherry popped on Sasha's big dick.

Would Chloe figure out something?

The figure was riveted, so glad it had made those special panties and had handed them out to Mildred Dean. 

To be continued...
