For the next week, in John's head time is measured in Days Since He Cheated On Erin.

He knows it was a stupid thing to do. A really, really, really stupid thing to do. It was crazily hot and god damn was Alesha attractive but not only did he cheat on Erin but he cheated on Erin with a stripper and somehow that makes it ten times worse. He keeps envisioning scenarios in which Erin finds out, as impossible a scenario as he'd like to believe it is.

Martha knows that that was a Bad Idea. A few of the other girls occasionally take men back to the dressing rooms for sex in exchange for money and while Martha certainly doesn't look down on these girls... she just said it wasn't her thing.

But this, well, its worse. Jerking a customer off in the bathroom after he fingered her on the stage. Its unprofessional. And its good that she hasn't seen him since.

Except, every night when she goes out she has a little dip in her enthusiasm when she realises he's not sitting at the table watching and waiting with that smirk on his face.

He's always done early with classes on Monday, so he meets Erin for lunch... or at least that's the plan. Erin is there waiting for him, but she's got a paper to finish and begs off early. That's okay with him... they haven't been fighting much, but only because his guilty conscience prompts him to give in every time it seems to be heading in that direction.

He's got an afternoon with nothing to do. The sky is overcast, threatening rain, but he's been wanting to pick up a few new books and he's in the mood for a walk, weather be damned.

When Martha woke, the sky had been bright and clear; she had firmly ensconced herself in William's bookstore, curled up with a book on french cuisine by the time the sky opened up and began to pour.

It didn't bother her. She wasn't due on the stage until late that night so she had hours left to kill, able to spend her time reading.

He reaches the bookstore just as it starts to rain, ducking inside only slightly damp. There are only a handful of people, but the store is so small and absolutely jammed with books that even a handful gives the impression of it being crowded.

Martha hears the jingle of the bell, saying someone else has come in but she is too absorbed in her book to look up.

He doesn't even notice her at first. She's tucked into a chair with a book in front of her face, and he's too busy studying the rows upon rows of books in front of him. He grabs one that he's been searching for for months now and resists the urge to let out a triumphant noise, not wanting to disturb anyone around him. He grins down at the cover with the sort of glee that only a true nerd can feel over a book.

There is someone standing near her and its almost amusing how they are trying to keep their excited noises down. Martha flicks her eyes up to watch amusedly but her eyes get caught on the long, lean body in front of her.

She knows that body. She knows it but she certainly isn't used to seeing it slouch comfortably in a bookstore. She's shocked and quickly flicks her eyes down to her book to act like she wasn't looking at the boy who has been on her mind for a fucking week.

John tucks the book under his arm and heads toward the back of the store to look for another one. He's in his academic zone and not paying attention to anything around him.

Martha sneaks her eyes back over the edge of her book to watch him. He seems so free, so relaxed and confident which is both at odds with how he was at the strip club as well as being reminiscent of their encounter.

His shirt is tight, small enough that she can watch the subtle shift of his muscles as he moves, looking for a book.

He has a small stack of books by the time he's ready to head back toward one of the couches, planning on losing a few hours here while he waits for the weather to clear up or Erin to call him.

As stalker-ish as it may seem, she has been flollowing him with her eyes the entire time he's been here. Watching him as he looks through the rows of books, picking some out.

However, her attention is distracted when she hears a soft snuffling sound come from behind one of the racks of books. It comes again and Martha sets her book down on her fluffy chair as she walks back to find the sound. There is a small boy, not older than four or five sitting in the corner with a tear stained face, trying to make himself as small as possible.

"Oh honey," Martha says softly, approaching him slowly before squatting down to be at eye level. "Are you lost? Where is your mum?"

John hears her voice before he actually sees her. Crouched down, she's hidden from his view by a stack of hardcover books and a squat, wide bookshelf. He peeks over and honestly can't actually believe it's her. Not only is she wearing five times more than he's ever seen her in, but her hair is pulled back into a simple ponytail and she isn't wearing makeup. She looks like the kind of girl that would be sitting beside him in class, not stripping at clubs.

"Hey, its okay," she says softly, the little boy snuffling and moving in for a hug from her. She rubs his back gently before picking him up. His arms immediately go around her neck, two of his fingers in his mouth.

"Let's go find your mum okay?" He nods. "What does she look like? What colour is her shirt today?"

John tries to round the corner before Alesha sees him, but he isn't quite fast enough.

She bites her lip, wondering if she should call out to him, stop him. Its obvious he didn't want her to notice him... But, she really doesn't want to ignore him.

She bounces Adam on her hip a bit as they continue to look for his mom. "John?" She calls softly, planning to let him ignore her if he really wants to pretend she isn't there.

"Alesha." He says, forcing a smile. Okay, it's not actually that forced, because part of him - a big part of him - is excited to see her even knowing how wrong it is. "Who's your little buddy there?"

Martha's smile widens considerably when he doesn't ignore her and actually seems happy to see her. "This is Adam. Adam, I'd like you to meet a friend of mine, his name is John." Adam hides his face in Martha's neck, still sucking on his fingers.

"We can't find our mum," she explains to John, rubbing a hand on Adam's back. "I think she may have left the store actually..."

John frowns. "Maybe we oughta take him up to the front desk?" He stops when he sees her smile. "... that's probably what you were doing now, wasn't it? Well, you want some company? To keep any big bad monsters away? Those book monsters, they're the worst." John makes a face at Adam, who lets go of his fingers long enough to giggle.

Martha looks down at Adam, who is no longer crying and is watching John with wide, excited eyes. The three of them head up to the front where a harried woman is talking frantically with the owner.

"Ah, see, this must be him now. Martha, I take it you found him?" Martha flushes hard as Giovanni turns to her. She studiously avoids John's gaze and hands the little boy over to the woman.

"Yes, he was back in the corner, trying to make himself as small as possible." She ruffles the boys hair a bit as he clings hard to his mother. She thanks John and Martha, hugging and kissing her son as she hurries from the shop.

Martha is still avoiding John's gaze, still blushing.

John grins, standing back and crossing his arms. As soon as the woman is gone, little boy in hand, he taps her on the shoulder. She actually looks bashful when she turns around to face him. "Martha, huh?"

She mutters something really low and rolls her eyes when she finally looks at him. "Yes?" She's still embarrassed and well. He seems to be enjoying it. A lot.

"So. Not Alesha, then? Martha..." He rolls the name around in his mouth, testing it out. "Martha, it's nice to meet you."

She smacks him on the arm as he enjoying this far too much. "You didn't really think that was my name did you? I don't think any of the names the girls go by are actually their own."

Making her way back over to her chair she looks back at John who is definitely following her and definitely smiling.

He shrugs and walks behind her. "Never really thought about it. Though, I did kind of suspect that Kandye Kain wasn't really on her birth certificate."

Martha laughs, turning and smiling at him. "Yeah, not so much. Secret? Real names Susie. But, you try stripping to that. Its a bit difficult."

She leans down, gathering her books and placing all but one back onto a large stack. "Would you... like to go get some coffee with me?"

"Coffee? Uh.. yeah. Sure. I could go for a cuppa joe." He says, reaching to help her when her stack starts to wobble.

Martha reaches out and steadies the stack, taking a few books off of the top and placing them on a much smaller stack. "There..." she smiles when it doesn't threaten to topple and kill them this time.

She walks up to the front to pay for her book but Giovanni just waves her on. "I'll just add it to your tab missy."

Rolling her eyes, Martha does tuck the book up in her bag. "Yes, but when will you let me pay the tab?" He just waves her on and she snorts. "At some point you're going to have to start charging me or you'll run out of a business."

"You let me worry about that," he takes John's books and does tally up those for a price.

John pays for his books and shoves him into the backpack he has slung over one shoulder. "Thanks, man." He says to Giovanni. "'preciate it."

Giovanni notices Martha waiting for him and he winks at John, grinning and about to say something. Martha grabs John's arm before the older man can actually say it; he has been trying to set Martha up with just about every younger man that ever comes through his store and she's almost afraid to hear what he might say to him.

"Right, its just... a small cafe..." She says, zipping up a small hoodie as its still pouring. "Come on, its not too far," she grabs his hand and pulls him out into the rain.

He runs along behind her, feeling the water soak into him. His waterproof bag comes in handy on days like this. Since he doesn't have a car, he gets most places on foot.

Martha is grinning hugely as she pulls him along. It doesn't take long before she is soaking wet but then, she half expected she would when it had started to rain.

Laughing she pulls John harder, weaving them in and around other stunned drivers as she finally pulls him underneath a small overhang, breathless from laughing and water dripping down her face.

He digs in his bag for a sweatshirt and pulls it out, wiping his face off and then handing it to her. "Here. Might help you mop up some."

Shivering, she gladly takes the sweatshirt, trying to wring her shirt out a bit as they walk into the small cafe. "I'll end up just making it all wet," she warns him but doesn't stop herself from pulling it on over her old, thin tank top.

The sweat shirt is huge on her but it is dry and warm and Martha has to stop herself from grinning and breathing in deeply and cuddlying herself in it.

"Go find us a table, I'll order... what do you want?" He asks, and once she tells him her order he heads for the counter without even giving her a chance to pull out any money.

She finds a small secluded table in the back, the lighting is dim but there is a large comfy couch with a multitude of pillows instead. Smiling, she flops onto the sofa and almost groans with how the chair envelops her in its softness.

Closing her eyes, she waits for John to return, smiling and patting the seat next to her on the sofa when he returns with their drinks.

The couch is fairly small. He sits next to her, close enough that their thighs touch but not so close that he's crowding her, sipping his coffee.Growing up he'd never been too big on the kind of coffee his mom and dad brewed every morning, but he's found that a shot of caramel and some whipped cream make it downright tasty. "Yours good?" He says, nodding at her steaming mug of hazelnut coffee.

She's got her sandals off and her legs curled up on the couch next to her. "It's great," she sips the drink and feels warm all over.

"That's the thing. Perfect," relaxing back she sighs and settles into the couch. "Have a good drink, good company... And still have a few hours before work. It's shaping up to be quite nice actually."

"Yeah? You, uh... work tonight?" He says, staring down at his coffee cup. Suddenly he's flashing back to last week in the bathroom at the club, her hand on his dick... okay, not going to think about that.

Martha notices a slight blush growing across his cheeks, she reaches out, brushing her fingers across his cheek and smirking. "Yeah I work tonight."

He ducks away from her, bashful suddenly. "You work every night?"

She lets him pull away. "Most nights. I need the money."

"They must pay well at the... at where you work." He says, glancing around, unsure if she wants him to broadcast that she's a stripper.

Martha chuckles, smiling at him. He's young and innocent and naive and she finds it impossibly endearing. "They pay pretty well at the strip club, yes."

She has no problems with her job. She is fine with what she is and what she does, its only other people's prejudices that make things difficult and fortunately, Martha has found this area to be gratefully progressive in their thinking.

"The tips are rather nice," she continues, winking at John.

He can't help but smirk back at her. "Oh yeah, I bet they are. You are the hottest dancer in there."

He recognizes that he's flirting - some might even call it shamelessly - but he really can't stop, not when it earns him that cute little grin.

She flushes this time and smiles at him. Being complimented at work is one thing, as it is a part of the job, being complimented here feels like something else entirely.

"Well, I am beginning to think you might be a bit biased."

"I'm biased all right." He says, leaning in so that no one can overhear. "After the other night, I'm biased as hell."

Martha leans in, their heads practically touching and she is grinning so ridiculously wide now. "Mm, and here I was beginning to think you didn't like me."

He's grinning right back just as wide, his nose brushing hers. "Can't imagine where you got that idea from."

Their noses are brushing against one another and well... Martha finds it cute. And sweet. She moves so she's gently rubbing her nose against his and smiles. "You haven't been back to see me. Thought perhaps you didn't like that last dance."

"You kidding? That last dance nearly killed me."

"Well, I certainly wasn't trying to kill you," Martha responds, her voice low and practically purring. She wants... She wants to take him home and lay him out on her bed and play with him for a few hours before she has to go to work.

"You done with your coffee then?" She asks softly, her nose bumping his as she leans in closer.

Last time was spur of the moment. Last time he had his hand down her pants before he could really even think about it. Last time he was drunk.

He's definitely sober now and she's definitely not asking him if he wants a refill on his drink. He shuts his eyes very briefly and when he opens them again his decision is already made. "Yeah, I think I am done."

She smiles and takes his hand, pulling him up off of the couch and leading him out of the coffee shop. Her apartment is really not far from where they are at all and the rain has let up so that is only a light drizzle.

Winding their fingers together, Martha deliberately takes John back to her apartment, her smile almost shy as she opens the door to the older, run down building and pulls him up the flights of stairs to the single room at the top.

He's had sex with a few girls before but this is still a few firsts for him. First time with a stripper, of course, first time he's gone home with a total stranger in the middle of the day...

First time Martha has ever done anything with someone from work. First time she's taken anyone home from where she worked...

She unlocks the front door and flips the lights on, setting her bag down on the counter. She turns to say something to him, but he is already preoccupied with 130 pounds of protective puppy who is double checking and sniffing him out, making sure he's okay.

"Whoa, hey there," John laughs as the dog actually jumps up, paws on John's thighs. He's almost as tall as John is like that... and it's only because this is Martha's dog that John isn't afraid of his life. The big dog blinks at him lazily, and prods his nose into John's hand.

"Baloo," Martha says with fond exasperation, nudging him with her hip. "Get off boy."

She drags him down by his collar. "You know what I told you about playing bouncer," she kisses his head anyways and rubs behind his ears.

"Sorry, he's very protective of his momma."

"Aw, he's fine. We always had big dogs growing up. C'mere, boy." John drops down to the floor and holds but a hand for Baloo to sniff. "Hey, you're just a big teddy bear, huh? Teddy bear with some big ole teeth, that's right."

Martha snorts but sits on the couch, just to the left of John's shoulder. She watches Baloo cuddle up to John, licking his face broadly and sticking his nose in John's ear. Baloo generally doesn't like any men that Martha brings home, he makes faux growling noises and huffs on the couch, glaring at them while Martha tries to distract them from the large dog.

She finds it cute that Baloo has turned into a puppy under John's fingers.

John settles on the floor with his back to the couch while he gets friendly with Baloo. It hasn't escaped his mind that he came here to have sex with Alesha - with Martha - but now that he's hear he finds himself clinging to the distraction that the big dog provides. It's not that he doesn't want to fuck her... oh, he definitely wants to fuck her... but the walk gave him a chance to rethink his decision. He doesn't want to be the guy that cheats on his girlfriend.

And then he turns his head at the same time Martha is leaning down and he finds his face very close to hers and begins to rethink things again.

She's beginning to get... not annoyed but antsy. She likes that Baloo likes John, but she didn't bring John home for Baloo to be the one to lick him. When John turns to look at her, she smiles, her face not far from his.

Wrapping a hand around his neck, she slides down into his lap, displacing Baloo. Sitting in his lap, she noses across his jawline, breathing hotly on his skin before nipping on his neck, leaving small red bites as she goes that flare up before fading.

He wraps his arms around her, pulling her body against his as completely as it can be. Beside them, Baloo whines fornlornly, like they've just abandoned him. Which might not actually be all that far from the truth. John puts a hand on her cheek and tilts her face toward his, brushing his nose against hers just like he did before in the coffee shop and grinning. He's gonna kiss her, no mistake about it, but he wants to take his time getting there.

She's smiling as he continues with the nose porn thing, its certainly not something she's ever had a guy do with her before and she really, really likes it.

Nuzzling back, she rubs her nose back against his, humming softly.

Martha see's him leaning in again, his head tilted just a bit so as to brush his lips against hers, she tilts her head at the last minute so his lips go brushing across her jawline and down her neck instead.

He lets out a greedy noise, wanting her mouth back. His hands travel down her body and rest on her ass, hitching her forward so that she's settled groin to groin with him, his half-hard cock pressing into her.

Chuckling, Martha rocks slowly in his lap as she nibbles and sucks on his neck, her nose nuzzling at the soft skin behind his ear.

John lets his tongue swipe out to taste her. She tastes like soap and fresh rain, something clean about it all. His hands curve around her ass just to feel it (he's used to the delicate, compact curves of Erin, but fuck, he's not thinking of Erin right now).

"C'mere," he mumbles and kisses her, finally, his mouth pressing closed against hers before opening, licking at her lips, wanting inside.

She pants for breath but again turns her head again, resting her cheek against his for a moment as she catches her breath. As a rule, she doesn't kiss the men she's with unless they're dating... involved... whatever. It helps to differentiate things in her mind.

John, well, while she didn't bring him home from the strip club, she can't say its much different. He's a young, horny, inexperienced college boy that is likely overwhelmed by the attention she's been putting on him.

It would be really, really wrong of her to get too invested in this. She's sure it can only end badly.

She can feel him underneath her, his body starting to pull back away from her and she doesn't want that. Eyes closed, her lips slowly move across his cheek, across his nose until they find his lips and she opens up to him.

For a second he thinks that she's really not going to kiss him. His pride is immediately wounded and he starts to push her off of him but obviously she changes her mind and as much as he'd like to stop and ask what's going on, the kissing is very nice and extremely distracting.

Martha sucks slow and thorough on his tongue, pulling it into her mouth as her hips begin to move again nice and slow. Her hands are on his biceps as she kisses him deep, nibbling on his tongue before she slowly sinks back onto her thick rug on the floor, pulling John down on top of her.

She kisses like a pro - well, okay, maybe that's a bad way to phrase it because he doesn't really want to consider her being a professional at this. But it is hot, her mouth on his, and he lets her guide them both down.

She wiggles just a bit underneath him before wrapping a leg around his hips and pulling him down on top of her. She may kiss like a pro but he is no slouch either.

Humming into the kiss, Martha starts to giggle when she feels a vibration against her hip bone.

"Hey," he says, mumbling and laughing. It takes him another few seconds for it to dawn on him that it actually is his phone that's going off. "Damn." He says, digging into his pocket - which puts his hand very nicely against her thigh - and pulling out the mobile.

It's Erin.

He hits the silence button and the phone abruptly stops vibrating. He stares at it for another moment and then turns it off completely, dropping it onto the floor beside them and returning to the kiss.

Martha doesn't ask who it is, she has a feeling she really doesn't want to know and if her mind was a bit clearer, she would definitely ask/worry about it.

Unfortunately, right now she can't think outside of her pants. Standing, she smiles down at John and holds out her hand, helping him up and pulling him further into her flat and towards her bedroom.

John takes her hand but as soon as he's on his feet he wraps his arms around her from behind, keeping her from walking anywhere. His hands slide under her shirt - his shirt, really, the sweatshirt - to press against her tummy, He feels cool metal there and grins into her neck, kissing it. "What's this here?" He says, rubbing his thumb in a little circle around her belly button.

"Mm, well if you weren't trying to impede things, you could take a look," she teases, walking forward and having him still curled around her back. Laughing, she pushes her ass back and wiggles it into him, rolling it so that it presses against him just right.

"Maybe I just wanna take my time." John retorts. "What's the rush? I don't have anywhere to be."

He grabs her and lifts her up into the air. It makes her giggle so he does it again, only this time he slides an arm under her knees and holds her cradled in his arms. "Okay, where's the mythical bedroom you seem to be leading me toward so you can have your way with me?"

"Through the doorway," she answers, pointing. Wrapping her arms around John's neck, she lets him carry her into the bedroom while she busies herself with his neck, nibbling and biting and licking.

"Oof," she bounces on her bed and quickly wraps her hands around his belt buckle. "Where do you think you're going, hm?"

"Jesus, you're hotter than hell," He says, eyes sliding over her body. She's still fully dressed, right down to his MIT sweatshirt, but her eyes are bright and excited and her mouth is swollen from the kissing. "I'm not going any damn place, you better believe it."

Martha laughs, pulling on John's sweatshirt and tossing it lightly over on to the floor. She stretches her arms above her head, arching her back off of the bed and humming to herself as her tank top begins to ride up her body.

John kneels on the end of the bed and slowly leans himself forward until he's over her, his arms straight and palms flat on the bed. He dips his head down to kiss at her tummy where the tank top is exposing her belly button ring. The metal is warm form her skin and he brushes his lips against it.

Martha bites her lip as she tries, in vain, to keep from giggling. "Tickles," she mumbles, looking down to watch him tongue her belly button before playing with the ring.

"Sorry." He apologizes, kissing her with more pressure to make up for the tickling. "That better?"

"Is fine, kinda felt good in a way," she kisses him back enthusiastically. She hasn't kissed someone in a long, long time and it feels nice to slide her tongue alongside his.

Grinning, she runs her hands down his back before tugging on his t-shirt, pulling it up and off and throwing it across the room.

He sits up and yanks his shirt off and over his head, letting it fall onto the floor. "Better," he says, grinning down at her as he goes for another kiss. Not that he isn't eager to get to the sex bit but he does like kissing, always has.

Licking her lips, Martha dives back into it. He's really good, his tongue gently running across her bottom lip and teasing her until she's, quite shamelessly, arching up into him, her mouth open and trying for more. She whimpers softly, hoping to get his lips back on hers and his tongue back in her mouth.

His hand slides back around to her ass. It's like a magnet, and yes there is a gravitational pull joke that comes to his mind but he's not entirely sure if commenting on the size of her ass would help get her naked or not so he keeps quiet.

She rocks her ass back into his hands slowly, enjoying the feel of his hands through the denim. In not too long she'll have to drive to the club, change and parade around for another men to enjoy her ass, but right now, she's enjoying the one person show.

Her nose nuzzles behind John's ear as she begins to suck softly on his earlobe, teasing him with her teeth just a bit.

"Something I been thinking about doing for, oh, 'bout a week now..." He says in a low voice, his hand rubbing down her side and over her low slung jeans. He drags his fingertips over the material where it's tight against her inner thigh.

"What have you been thinking about doing for awhile now?" She asks back, her voice just as husky. She's fairly certain she knows what he was thinking of... But she wants to hear him say it. Say that he couldn't get her out of his mind. Even strippers liked their egos stroked occasionally.

He presses hard between her legs, right against her clit. Her jeans are rough against his knuckles. "Wanna see what you look like naked... wanna take my time and make you come."

"That sounds..." she trails off, thinking about it. "That sounds really good." She's rubbing up against him rather shamelessly, blatantly letting him know how good an idea it sounds to her.

"Sounds good, huh? Glad to hear that." He rubs a little bit harder. It's just a tease, really - her jeans are too thick for any satisfying sort of sensation to get through. He reaches up with his thumb and starts to edge the metal button through its hole until it pops free, The same thumb nudges her zipper down.

"Oh christ you must love to torture me," she growls, her hips bucking up as she flips his button undone and pulls his jeans down and off quickly. "Taking our time, yes, yes I agree but first I want skin."

Her mouth latches on to the soft, vulnerable spot where his neck and shoulder meet and she bites down, sucking as her own hands help speed his up at pulling her jeans down and off.

He grins at her, cocky. He figures he has every reason to be - she's not even naked yet and he's practically got her begging. He's so the man.

He covers her hands with his and helps her slide the jeans off. The last thing he expects to see as plain white cotton panties and he does laugh a bit. "God, never seen sexier granny panties on anyone." He admits, trailing his finger over the elastic band. It really is hot.

Groaning, Martha lets her head drop on to the bed. "I have enough of the other ones thanks. And really, I wasn't exactly expecting to run into anyone today, let alone you. Let alone find myself back here. Naked. With company. You want to see me in really sexy underwear? Well, don't worry. All you have to do is ask."

He snaps the band against her stomach. "Nah, I think I prefer these."

His own jeans hit the floor. He leans up and kisses her neck, rubbing his cock against her thigh.

"Somehow, I believe you would," she laughs and arches her neck to him. "Tell me, what do you like Johnny?" She asks as she wraps her legs around John and surprises him, flipping him on to his back.

"Or do you just like it all?" She leers down at him as she slips a hand behind her back and undoes the clasps holding her bra on.

"I like it all." He says, happy with this new position and the view it will afford him as soon as she lets that bra fall. He reaches up to tug at the straps but she's still holding it in place.

"Typical college boy," she teases fondly, smiling down at him as she slowly lets the bra drop and fall off to the side of the bed. Leaning forward, she places her hands on either side of John's head, her breasts swaying in front of his face as she begins to rock into him, grinding their hips together again without the impediment of the thick denim. She's able to feel him, hard through his thin boxers and she grins wider. He really wasn't kidding about his size the other day.

He thrusts up against her, his hands reaching out to grab at her breasts. He grunts, plucking at her nipples and hoping to coax another one of those delicious whines out of her.

She certainly likes her nipples played with but he will need to do more than that to get her whining and begging again.

Leaning back, she rocks her hips harder, riding down into his lap before circling them, still teasing him through the layers of cotton. "So close," she purrs, doing it again.

He's starting to see stars behind his eyes and he really doesn't want this over before it begins, so he gently but firmly pushes her hips away from his. He does so under the guise of sliding her panties down her hips, inch by delicious inch, until they are around her thighs.

But it looks funny for her to be standing, constricted by her cotton panties, and so she slips them off all the way, kicking them off before rolling onto her stomach and grabbing at him.

Grinning devilishly, she jerks down his boxers, pulling his cock out, giving it a few slow strokes before she dips down and suckles the head into her mouth.

"Oh, fuck." John gasps. Her mouth is perfect, wet and tight and sucking. His belly tingles and his balls tighten but he sucks in a deep breath and works through the urge to thrust up into her mouth, letting her take her time.

She curls her tongue around the head, the tip of her tongue moving to probe at the slit of his cock. Grinning up at him, she runs her mouth down his cock, letting it slide down her mouth and into her throat.

"Oh, fuck, that feels good." He says, propping himself up so he can look down at her blowing him.

"I know. It's supposed to," she says, popping off of his cock for a moment, stroking him with her hand before swallowing him whole once more.

Its been awhile since Martha has done this and it takes her a bit to get used to the right way to do it; how to suck him without it making her gag, where he likes it and how to tease him properly.

John has had way more blowjobs than he has sex, but even with what he considers to be a fairly extensive pool of sexual experience for a guy his age, this is by far the best one. He's not sure if it's because every other blowjob he's gotten has either been from an awkward high schooler or a steady girlfriend or if Martha is just that good.

She rolls his balls in her hand, one knuckle gently pressing and rubbing just behind them as she goes down on him again. He tastes good. A bit salty but mostly clean with a faint tang of the rain. She breathes deeply and groans in the back of her throat as she moves closer, her mouth still tight around him.

When she groans he feels the tiny little vibrations skitter up his shaft. His hips jerk forward, his cock bumping against the back of her throat, unintentional and practically involuntary.

He's so responsive to what she's doing that it makes her want to experiment just to see what he would do. She curls her tongue around the fat head, suckling just on it as she looks up at him, her eyes connecting with his.

"Fuck, yeah." John groans, squeezing his eyes shut. "Yeah, suck me."

Martha giggles a little bit, its a happy giggle as she certainly likes what he said and she takes it to heart, applying more suction as she bobs up and down on his cock.

He puts a hand on the back of her neck and presses down, not roughly but a light pressure to let her know that he'd like.

She opens her mouth wider, careful of her teeth as she moves her hands off of his hips, letting him know he can thrust up. She just hopes that he doesn't take it too excitedly and gag her.

It has been a long, long time since Martha has been with a guy close to her age. She technically swore off all young college boys years ago but with how excitable and responsive John is being, she thinks that that may have been a hasty decision on her part.

"You're so good, baby... god, you're so hot, driving me crazy." He groans, thrusting up, his cock throbbing and leaking into her mouth.

She finally pulls off, giving him a few licks as his cock continues to weep. Biting her bottom lip, she looks between him and down to his cock and then back up again. She knows he's enjoying her mouth but... she really wants to be fucked right now.

He makes a questioning little noise, his hips thrusting up. He wants back into her mouth and lets her know it.

Glaring at him, Martha growls, pushing up and crawling over him, holding his arms down above his head. "Think this was a free job for you? Sorry bud, you're gonna have to work it as well," she rolls her hips against his, pushing her panties off to rub against him.

"Oh.. oh, I can do that." John says, letting her hold him down. As much as he liked the blowjob, that isn't all he came here for.

Smirking, "Can you? Sure about that are you?" She teases him, hips moving sideways, back and forth across his cock, never enough for him.

He strokes his fingers down the line of her back, feeling the play of lean muscle underneath the skin as she moves against him. "Yeah, I'm pretty sure about that. I'm gonna fuck you... gonna feel you come."

She leans forward more and bites his neck playfully, sucking on the skin before she rolls over to her side and pulls open her nightstand drawer.

There are a myriad of fun time activities in her drawer, though most of them are usually solo activities but in the back she has a box of condoms and quickly rifles through for one. "Of course you would be abnormally thick," she mutters, looking again for a bigger one.

He smirks, pleased that not only has she obviously noticed his size but that she's actually commenting on it. He's not quite needy enough to utter the words 'how do you like my dick?' but just like any guy, his ego likes to be stoked.

She finally finds a large condom and smirks, ripping it open. "Big boy," she teases before pulling the condom out, popping it in her mouth and going back down on John's cock.

This trick always takes a bit of maneuvering and she hasn't done it since Tricia taught her how, but it doesn't take too long before she's popped off and the condom is on John's cock. She strokes him a few times, making sure it really is on nice and snug before crawling back up his body.

"Holy fuck." John says, laughing and turned on beyond believe as she rolls the condom onto his cock with her mouth. "I don't think I wanna know where you learned that."

"One of the girls actually," Martha admits, her tongue running over the mark on John's neck. "A room full of girls practicing on dildos. You may have liked it actually. You're the first live subject I've actually tried... Almost made me gag too."

"So you girls just have dildos laying around...?" John asks, momentarily distracted by that thought.

"Well, we have dressing rooms and we do keep some personal items in the rooms. And sometimes, well, nature of the job is every so often you can get turned on... need to take care of some things."

"Yeah?" He smirks, remembering just how turned on she got the last time he saw her. The thought makes his cock twitch and reminds him that while memories are all well and good he does have Martha naked and pressed against him right he. He nudges her onto his back and reaches down, rubbing two fingers between her legs. His hard, latex covered cock jumps impatiently. "Damn, you're wet for me."

"Probably get even wetter too if you'd actually put it in me," she pants, her hips riding up on his fingers and rubbing against him.

John reaches down and grips his cock, rubbing the tip of it from her clit down to her hole just to see her squirm some more. She doesn't disappoint him.

He sucks in a breath and holds it while he pushes into her. God, it feels so fucking good - tight and warm and yes, sex is sex, but this is still different from any of the sex he's had with Erin and somehow the sensations coursing through his body reflect that.

"Oooh fuck," Martha groans, eyes squeezing shut. "Stop... stop, wait..." She pants, biting her bottom lip and shifting her hips a bit. "Jesus, fuck," she groans. It has been a bit since Martha actually had sex and even the last few times she did... Well, they certainly weren't as wide as John. He's pushing and stretching her open with his cock and she needs a few moments to try and collect herself.

John reaches down and kisses her. It isn't the first time he's had someone ask him to take it slow to begin with, and he's done enough locker room comparisons to know why. "Just lemme know when, if you want me to stop, if..."

Stopping would pretty much kill him now but if she did ask him, he would. He's fairly certain though that she won't.

"Just... moment," her head tips back as she takes deep breaths, relaxing bit by bit. "Jesus boy," she laughs, her voice giddy before she looks down at where he is pushing in to her. "That thing is fucking massive."

It feels so good to be inside of her and it's so hard to not move. He leans down and kisses her shoulder, rubs his lips against her nipple while he tries to distract himself.

Finally relaxed enough, she nuzzles against him, her lips dragging across his cheek. "Yeah, go on. Move love."

He pulls out almost all the way and then thrusts back in slowly, watching her face to make sure that it's really okay, that he isn't hurting her. He finds her mouth with his and kisses her long and deep while he starts to fuck her.

She groans, long and low. He's stretching her wide open, or at least it feels that way. Pushing into her just right, she arches her back up off of the mattress to encourage more. "Oh christ you feel so fucking good in me."

This time he keeps going until he's as far in her as he possibly can be. His balls are right up against her ass and he can feel every inch of her hot pussy around his cock. "Couldn't possibly be as good as you feel to me."

Her legs have locked around him, holding him so tightly to her, not letting him leave. "No, I'm pretty sure I know," she whimpers breathlessly. Its never felt quite so good and she lets out a small broken whimper as she begins to rock against him.

He lifts his body off of hers marginally and begins to pump into her. His face presses against her neck and he starts making open-mouthed little grunts. "Feels good, so fucking good, oh, fuck, baby, fuck!"

Martha is loving it and is totally into it, her fingernails on his back and thrusting back and moaning when she realises that John has stopped moving and talking.

He's stilled on top of her, panting for breath. "Uh, John?" She asks softly, worried that somethings wrong as they were really picking up a rhythm there.

"Shit. Shit." John says, still panting, still reeling, cock twitching inside of her. "Fuck. Shit."

She must realize what happens, because she lets out a groan that is both disappointed and very demanding.

"You were just too hot, baby, I couldn't... I couldn't stop in time."

Letting her head fall back, she groans again. Maybe this was why she said no college boys...

"Shit." She agrees, not really glaring at John, he's too cute to get mad at him for it. She's just frustrated. And really horny now.

He reaches down, shifting slightly but not pulling out of her, and rubs at her clit. He's embarrassed but not so much that he's going to sulk up or bolt on her. "Still gonna take care of you, beautiful."

She smiles softly, chuckling. She really can't be frustrated with him. "You better," she tries to say sternly but fails. Nuzzling the side of his face, she presses her lips to the corner of his, her tongue peeking out just a bit to tease his lips.

He rubs fast and hard, his finger slipping off frequently but moving right back to it. He's trying to remember everything that he's picked up from what past girlfriends have liked and what they didn't like.

She rolls her hips, grinding and rubbing against his fingers as she tries to get back to that spot. She can still feel John in her, its a bit different from before as he's no longer pushing and thrusting and hard but she feels full and has his fingers working on her so its close.

He uses his other hand on her breasts, rubbing and pinching her nipples. He's already come but it was too soon and he still feels unsatisfied, still wanting her.

Purring, Martha arches and stretches into both of his hands, enjoying the way they feel on her. Moaning, she begins to feel that familiar burn as she pushes down, trying to get more on her.

He likes watching her up close, feeling and seeing things in a way he never would have if he were still working for his own orgasm. Of course, he would still prefer the sex last longer than five minutes, but... he's still horny and he is just barely 20 so he's pretty sure he'll be able to get it back up any minute now. The feeling is already gathering, tugging at his balls, he's just waiting for his body to catch up.

"Yesssss," Martha pants. "Right there, right there," she bites her bottom lip and purrs. Feeling decadent and a bit deviant and really turned on.

She's gasping, sweat glistening on her forehead, her body moving like something serpentine against his fingers. He's half hard already inside of her and pretty soon she'll notice but he wants to make her come like this first.

She hooks her legs tighter around John again, grinding up into his hand shamelessly as she works towards that orgasm. She's so close, can almost feel it. Grunting and whining, she keeps moving until her entire body is shaking and she's throwing her head back, groaning long and low as she comes.

"Fuck, yeah, come for me, come on my cock," John says, soothing her through it with little touches to her clit and throbbing pussy, rubbing at her lips where she's wrapped around him.

Gasping, she arches and jerks underneath him. Her whole body is moving and throbbing and she wants more of it.

"Fuck yes!" She moans loudly.

"Yeah, you like that huh, baby?" He kisses her distracted mouth and rubs his hand over her hip.

Growling, Martha surges up and rolls him over, suprising him. She is no slouch in bed and rarely just lays there and lets the other person do everything.

"Mm, liked it a lot." She replies, her hips snapping and rolling. "Notice you liked it too," she leans back, one hand on the bed as she begins to ride him.

"Yep." He smirks, grabbing her breasts as he thrusts up into her.

"Oh. Heh, gotta love that college-boy recovery time," she pants, leaning back further so John can watch as his cock disappears up into her pussy as she fucks him.

His hands grip her waist as he plans his feet on the bed and slams into her. "Yeah, least it's good for soemething."

"Oh christ yes. Do me like that baby, just like that!" She's grabbing a hold of the headboard, her knuckles turning white as she holds on while he fucks up into her hard. "Come on, harder, harder.... Come on baby, make me feel it later."

John grabs her around the middle and shifts his body upward until he's halfway sitting. She's on his lap, squirming and grinding and fucking herself on him. "Yeah, come on, baby, just like that."

Having already come once, he knows he'll be able to hold out longer and he plans on making her come as many times as he can before he loses it again.

Martha groans to herself as she spins around the pole. Having really, really athletic (albeit fantastic) sex right before work might not have been the best decision on her part.

Gripping the pole harder, she flips herself upside down and shakes her legs.

She left John sleeping rather contentedly in her bed, surrounded by blankets and pillows and looking... really, really good there.

She has left him a note, letting him know where she went when she left (though she assumes he would have known) and is really hoping that he will stop by tonight. He is stuck in her mind, and she feels like she's still buzzing from an addiction and needs another hit.

It's early evening when John wakes up. He sits on the edge of Martha's bed reading her note and grinning. He's sore and needs a shower, so he helps himself to her hot water. Luckily she has shampoo and soap that doesn't smell too entirely girly. though definitely more feminine than Erin and her sandalwood scented things... he's actually just got his own shampoo in Erin's shower now.

Thinking of Erin reminds him of the phone call that he ignored earlier. He sighs and heads into the living room with the towel wrapped around his waist, hair still wet and standing on end. Baloo is sprawled out on the couch and lifts his huge head to blink lazily at John. "Back to it," John says to the dog, who obeys - lowering his head and going right back to sleep.

John fishes the phone out from under a pile of clothes and grimaces. Oh well - might as well bite the bullet and call.