I, Candi
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2023 by SZENSEI

Episode 5: cLOVER LEAF

“It’s nice to feel the wind in my hair even if I’ll look a mess once we reach the store.”

Candace Palmer was the passenger in a convertible white Charger belonging to her new friend Doug Ramsey. Having met at the Goodwill store in town he helped her record an erotic video for her husband Damian. Confidence seeking unknown heights since Damian ordered her to make an endless supply of homemade porn for him, she was feeling albeit invincible. While yes, she had concerns over getting caught and arrested, disowned by family, she simply could not tell her husband no, nor did she desire to slow down. Her heart was soaring now that Damian had pushed her to the edge and still loved her unconditionally. Their bond was just too great to ever deny him. Now that sex was a guiding factor, she wanted to see just how far others would go in helping her. Being a perfect 10 in the eyes of most men certainly had its advantages. Would you say no to a 22-year-old blonde goddess willing to do it all? Well, so far at least. Nice try!

“We can cruise a while and enjoy the day before I take you grocery shopping. Like I said, I’m off until Thursday morning, so you have me until then.” He glanced over to see her sweeping her long blonde hair out of her field of vision. Dark sunglasses hid her eyes, but her smile let him know they were sparkling even if he couldn’t see them.

“Sure! We can kill fifteen minutes or so. Tell me Doug, do you have any friends who might help me record more videos? I need all of the help I can get.”

“That brother-in-law of yours is not enough?”

“Oh, he’s always there for me. He has six friends that visit me too. I have only had intercourse with two of them. Roger has a camcorder so that helps. Just using my laptop camera is just too limited. I need to be able to record fluidly anywhere I want.”

“Plan on having sex with all of those guys?”

“Damian told me to, so yes, unless they decide they don’t want to. I know I must sound like such a whore but really, I’m not. Although, I probably will be after a few more weeks. To be honest with you before Kevin and Roger, I had only had sex with my husband. If not for Damian, I’d still be faithful. I mean don’t get me wrong I love sex, crave it even, but that’s what toys and my personal videos for him normally satisfy. Since Kevin and the guys began helping me expand my range, I hate to say it but I might be becoming a nympho.”

“Ever wonder why Damian wants all of this? I mean, I’m not knocking him or you for it but it just feels fishy to me. I definitely want some time with you, but I also want you to stay happy and safe. Good friends look out for you, y’know?”

“I’m grateful you feel that way Doug. It’s nice to know someone cares outside of my immediate family. Honestly, before Kevin’s friends, all I had were Damian, Kevin, and their dad Joe. My real dad only calls me like twice a year since I moved out and got married. Anyways I don’t want to get emotional, just know I’ll treat you like a King the same way I will the others.” Doug opted to turn left on the main street out of Pleasant Meadow and head out of town. Music turned off to hear each other better she had to ask again. “You never answered me about any of your friends.”

“A few, I guess. Most of my friends are married and have kids. Cheating on their spouses might not be on their agendas. I can ask though. They might think I’m crazy and definitely call you loony tunes. After they hide a big ole’ erection though.” Worth a playful wink.

“Peas in a pod.” She giggled. “They don’t have to have sex with me. I’d be happy if they were just lookouts to make sure whatever, wherever, I do things I don’t get into trouble. Camcorders would be cool if anyone has them.”

“I’ll ask around this week. I... “ He froze in expression then grinned, “I don’t know why I didn’t think of him. I just remembered my friend Chris mows along the highways for the State. We don’t talk a whole lot, but I know he’s single, last I knew. He’s probably out around the interstate now I know he hits that once a week. You okay going out ten miles or so? Maybe we can get some video out there with cars driving by. Are you that bold?”

“If it makes Damian crazy then absolutely. I just wish I had a camcorder for better quality. A cell camera isn’t always perfect.”

“We do what we can though, right? For Damian!”

“Right! For Damian! Let’s do this.” She bubbled up then reached over and palmed his inseam. “Can you get him up for me again?”

“Every time!” He laughed. “As hot as you are there’s no turning back.”

“Good! Then I need you to use me whenever you want. You know where I live now, where I work. You can drop by any time, and I’ll find a way to make you smile. All I ever ask is we document it on video.”

“Hell, I’ll buy a camcorder.”

“Don’t go broke over me.”

“Do I look broke? This car alone should tell you I do okay. I just didn’t bring much money with me today. I’ll level with you; I can be a tightwad. I only do cash or checks, no debit or credit cards, those get you into trouble.” He chuckled. “Trust me I have rainy day funds out the ass. My dad pays good as long as the jobs are plentiful, and my granddad left me a good college fund I don’t even use. We do contract flooring and carpets; some deck builds too.”

“My dad builds houses, but he doesn’t get his hands dirty. He’s more the realtor type who builds but also buys older homes to restore and resell.”

“Awesome! If he ever needs a few new contractors, I’ll give you, our card.”

“We don’t talk much since my mom died. But I’ll certainly pass your names along.”

“Cool!” A few minutes of quiet reflection Candi’s cellphone rang. Grabbing it from her fanny pack she noted the caller and answered.

“Hey Kevin, it must be lunch time.” Doug just paid attention to the road but listened in. She put Kevin on speaker. “Are you guys still coming by tonight?”

“6:00! Last I heard, everyone but Jesse. So, 5 of us.”

“I made a couple friends today at the Goodwill store. I invited one of them to join us. His name is Doug. He lives over in Dermitt. Be nice to him tonight he’s helpful and I like my new buddy.”

“As long as you’re safe, I’m cool.”

“Totally!” Doug voiced his opinion, “Candi is awesome. Your brother is a lucky man.”

“So, am I.” Kevin laughed. “Get any video today?”

“I titty fucked her at Goodwill. How’s that for video. Me and another guy named Larry.”

“Send that video to me.” Kevin chuckled again. “How did you get away with that in the store?”

“Easy! The cashier was off in her own little world.” Candace related, “I was naked in the aisles. Doug is taking me out by the interstate, his friend Chris mows out there so we’re going to take video with traffic going by.”

“Cool idea! Don’t get arrested.”

“I’ll try not to.”

“If she does, I’ll bail her out. Most likely us out.” Doug prompted. “I totally have her back.”

“Thanks, man!”

“Damian said he might call you. He liked how dominant you treated me. He knew it was an act though.”

“Not all of it.”

“Well, stop acting he says.”

“Whatever Big Brother wants his whore gets.”

“Yay! No mercy!” She laughed. “Seriously Kevin, you don’t have to worry about breaking me, I can handle anything you throw my way.”

“Duley noted! Prepare to be roughed up.”

“THANK YOU!” She yelled and wiggled in her seat. “I bought some pants and concert t-shirts to cut up. You guys can help in alterations tonight if you want. If not, I can do it after work on Thursday. I’m also going to look online for some micro bikinis. Damian wants me to buy a couple and wear them even at the fitness center if Mark agrees.”

“I thought you worked today. Oh, right Miss Privileged makes her own schedule.” He busted up, “Mark can be a stick in the mud you might have to convince him. His girlfriend Lisa has him by the balls. Not only that but his dad is half owner of that fitness center so you might run into problems with him.”

“I’ll deal with Mark and his dad somehow. Damian might persuade him. His dad has a second childhood crush on me so that might be in my favor too. Dirty old man syndrome!”

“Interstate up ahead. I see a tractor so we might just get lucky.”

“I hope so. After we get done here Doug is taking me to the grocery store. I’ll send you our videos after I hang up.”

“Buy whip cream and strawberries. We can all eat those off of you.”

“Good idea!”

“I was thinking of doing that to her in the grocery store.” Doug belted out.

“Dude! If you have the balls, go for it.” Kev relented, “Doritos! Cool ranch.”

“I’ll pick some up. See you at 6:00.”

“Good luck. Be safe!” Call concluded she quickly texted Kevin the videos. Doug felt edgy over others seeing him but knew this girl was going to keep him busy. He would learn to get over any reservations of his own exhibition. Pondering just that, the closer he got to the clover leaf where Chris Carlton was mowing, he nodded with a confidence booster.

“I can do anything. Stop whining Ramsey.” Mental commitment solved! Avoiding the pass that led onto the interstate Doug avoided traffic then had a brilliant idea. Switching tactics, he decided to take that clover leaf and head South before performing an illegal U-turn and coming back on the side Chris was mowing. Once he hit the interstate traffic was in high volume, yet still managing to pull off on the shoulder and into the grass. Honking at Chris the somewhat thin man paused his tractor and veer off to head toward his flatbed trailer. “Time to see what he has to say about this. You should have worn that zip up you had on earlier. Cleavage teasing might be hilarious. He’s cool, just a little shy sometimes.”

“Why do I need a zip up when I can do this?” Candi just lifted her shirt up and showed him her tits. “Butt zipper jeans; I’m ready to rock-n-roll.”

“Lots of traffic to see you.”

“The more thrilling it is, don’t you think?”

“Can I fuck you out here?”

“Against your car? I could pose on his tractor there.”

“Or you could ride his dick as he mows.”

“Yessss! Perfect!” Belt unhooked; she removed her fanny pack but took her cell with her. As they left the car Chris opted to shut his tractor down and stretch his legs. Seeing Doug, he nodded with a grin then spotted Candi. Eyes wide he puckered.

“Did you trade in Kendra for a better model Ramsey?” The lanky 24-year-old was certainly impressed. Not that shy!

“Sup, Carlton the Whore Man? This is Candi. Candi? Chris.”

“Hi Chris.”

“No way did you land this girl. She’s too hot for your ass.”

“Just friends with benefits.” She winked. “You can be my friend too if you want.”

“Benefits even.” Doug laughed as Candi again lifted her Pantera t-shirt up over her breasts. Hardly a flash she kept her chest in view even as cars flew by. Chris chuckled over her boldness.

“Those are some really nice titties.”

“You can grope me if you want.” Doug did just that to get Chris to consider it. Puckering the man went for it. “Mmm!” Doug didn’t bother to ask he just leaned in and started sucking on her nipple. “This one is jealous Chris.” She pointed at her areola once he let go. Shrugging off his resistance Chris joined Doug as Candi waved at cars going by. Numerous honks made her giddy. A few minutes of breast feasting the men stood tall and fist bumped one another.

“So, what brings you out to the boonies besides showing off your new girl here?”

“Kendra dumped me. Candi here found me and resuscitated my breathing. Listen, she has a deal for you if you’re interested. I thought of you because I know damn well you aren’t getting any action.”

“Bite me! I try but girls want jocks or muscles. Definitely money which I don’t have.”

“You are perfect as you are Chris. Like I told Doug, the right girl will notice when you least suspect it.”

“Marry me!” Chris laughed.

“Already married.” She pouted. “Happily, even.”

“Then why are we milking you like babies? Cheating?”

“No! I’m just doing what my hubby wants. Don’t worry he won’t hunt you down, he’s in Iraq. He knows everything I do; I don’t hide anything from him. He wants me to play around and enjoy life until he comes home. After that I don’t know.”

“She makes erotic videos to send him.” Doug chimed in, “Not much to do besides feed camels and empty your boots of sand. It’s true Bud, her man wants her to whore it up so he can beat his meat to kill time.”

“So, you brought her my way to give me some action?”

“Are you complaining? Look at her Dude!” Doug turned Candi in step then unzipped her pants in back as far as they could go. Coaxing her forward he rubbed her ass and split her crack to show Chris the goodies, “Pass this up, I’ll know you’re gay.”

“Not even! Fuck, that’s nice. I hope the fuck no State Trooper drives up. Bad enough you’re illegally parked. I have a pass, but you don’t.”

“I’ll risk it. Just say we brought you lunch. It’s true if you eat her.”

“Lean Cuisine!” She leaned into Doug and shook her ass at Chris. “I won’t tell you no.”

“Goooooddddamn!” Chris rubbed his chin then glanced at his flatbed trailer with a tall metal grid at the front by the hitch. “Follow me!” Cellphone handed to Doug that was already unlocked, he set up her camera and stood ready.

Stepping up on the trailer he extended a hand to help Candace climb aboard. Doug remained down below in ready, exploring his buddy’s options here. Once their journey around weed eaters and weedkiller containers with spray pumps that were tied down the bed ended. Pretty much that grid barrier was to protect his truck in case of items sliding forward. Up against the grid he looked Candi in the eye. “Big risks out here. Are you sure you want to do anything more than we just did with all of this traffic?”

“It’s scary, but yes. I’ll do anything for a worthy show.”

“Anything as in me tying you to this screen and fucking you?”

“Condom?”

“No, but I know I’m clean. I’ve only been with two women ever and it’s been almost two years. Risk it?”

“Yes. I trust you. Just so you know I can’t get pregnant so you can even cum inside me.”

“Then let’s get naked.” Doug was blown away by Chris, his personality was a whole lot different than he remembered. Good for him he thought it over as both his bud and the beautiful blonde shed their clothing. Once down to socks and everything out of their way Chris took some tie down rope and bound her wrists facing the grid. Her fingers curling into the metal links she held on at the outstretched pose he chose to lead her arms into. Ready Doug hit record and Chris took it upon himself to stroke his dick while rubbing his head on her perfectly sculpted ass cheeks. Candi peered at Doug recording her and spoke out.

“I live dangerously for you Baby. I’m out by the interstate with hundreds of cars driving by watching this. Doug said he would bail me out if I got arrested. Fingers crossed that I don’t. I told you I would do anything for you, and I meant it. If you see anything I need to improve on, please tell me. My current lover is Chris, he’s Doug’s friend who mows for the State. I’m going to shut up now and enjoy myself. I worship you.” Turning her head to avoid the chance of further chat she watched cars whistling by. A number of semi rigs blared their horns with zest as Chris finally penetrated her. Once piercing her vulva, it was on. Her one request was in whisper.

“Chris? Don’t go easy on me. Be rough.” His reply was simple enough. Right hand rising he yanked her head back by her hair and thrust deep. Finding his rhythm, the rest was a perfect balance. Hitting that sweet cunt hard for five grueling minutes of serenading cars he nutted inside her to a brilliant scream. Candi joined him in a climactic release. Pulling out of her he dropped to a crouch and pried her cheeks wide and ate her asshole, spanking it in the process. His appetite went on until she squirted as her way of expressing her thankfulness, spilling to the wood frame beneath her.

“AND CUNT!” Doug laughed, “I MEAN CUT.”

Leaving her to shake Chris got dressed for his own protection then hopped down to trade with Doug. “Get up there Ramsey. Hit it while she can’t escape.”

“Why would I escape? I want this.” Candi related her desires.

“I’ll be fucking her tonight. I’m good.”

“Noooooooo! Fuck me, Doug. Untie me and let’s do something else. I want as much footage as I can get while I’m out here.”

“You heard the lady.” Chris chuckled as Doug launched himself up onto the flatbed. Keeping his clothing on he untied her left wrist and peeled her from the grid but faced her toward him. Working her right wrist for better comfort he again tied her to the barrier. Once done he winked at her and hauled off and slapped her tit. The sting made her yelp. Three more swats to each chest they were rosy red. Abandoning that move, he found more rope and bound both ankles before looping ends through the grid and drawing her legs upward and spread wide. Contorting her Doug had her limbs tied tightly aloft as she watched him with emotional intrigue. Once ready, Chris already recording them, Doug slapped her cunt repeatedly making her squeal.

“CUM!” He refused to stop slapping her clit. “FEEL THE PAIN AND CUM FOR DAMIAN.” The more he struck her the more she ignited into theatrics. Thighs red she cried out and drizzled all over the floorboards. Eyes rolling back, Doug changed tactics and shoved three fingers inside her spilling cunt, ferociously thrusting them in and out. Candace Palmer screamed her fool head off and came hard upon his knuckles.

Pulling creamy fingers out he wiped her face with her devotion, feeding her eager lips she sucked on them with passionate zest. As soon as she relaxed Doug withdrew her snack and returned to her thighs. Kneeling now he used both hands and tapped into both her vulva and anus. The angle required Chris to hop up and view in a closer manner as his boy Doug had three fingers in both canals. The repeat performance brought her to a second devastating climax.

“You are the man.” Chris ceased filming to honor Doug. “Man, I can’t believe there hasn’t been a single POPO drive by. We better move this along before our luck runs out.”

“FUCK ME!” She called out in a breathless plea. Mrs. Palmer wanted more. Damian in the moment storming her imagination was cast aside within. This was all about her needs now.

“Got one more in you Carlton?”

“You going to lose your drawers? I say we DP her up here. Untie her legs and let’s force her into position.” The hopeful look in the blonde’s eyes lured a snap decision. Both men worked at untying her legs and dropping them long enough to tug their pants down instead of taking them off this time. Twisting her at the waist Doug took her anus and Chris her cunt for a second helping. Cell passed between both men to capture as many angles of penetration as they could they hammered her at two ends until the trio joined forces for a devastating end. A semi passing by used a loudspeaker he had and called out, “Cop headed this way a mile back.” Hearing that the guys panicked and pulled their pants up. Speedily they untied her and tossed her clothes. Concert shirt only she held off on the pants. “Doug! Leave her with me and hit the road. Circle back in ten minutes so POPO doesn’t see your car here.”

“Right! Be back in a few. You’re safe with Chris, Candi.” A minute later Doug was merging into traffic and gone. Chris took her to the cab of his truck and let her in. Telling her to stay put and say that she was his girlfriend if the cop pulled over and spoke to them, she agreed and decided it better to put her pants back on. Chris ran back to his tractor and fired it up just as the patrol car pulled behind the flatbed and sat there watching. Tooting his siren once to attract attention Chris shut the tractor right back down and waved.

The officer stepped out once traffic allowed him and motioned Chris to the hood of his car. Game face on Chris climbed from his mower and stretched before walking over. “Afternoon Officer.”

“Good day!” A 30something well-built state trooper remained expressionless as taught by the academy as an intimidation feature. Officer Lucas Downes eyeballed the trailer right off once the greet wore thin. “I got a call about some shenanigans out here. Anything you need to tell me about before I start digging?”

“Shenanigans? Who said that? I’m just out here mowing. Ohhhh! Hold up! My buddy brought me lunch, he just left. Maybe someone mistook his car as looking out of place. All I have.”

“That a fact?” Downes took a stroll along the side of the flatbed and noticed wet spot in the wood by the grid barrier. The ropes strewn about a secondary hint. Chris was sweating but in this heat it seemed natural. “Telltale sign!” The officer pointed. “Do I need to show drone footage?”

“Drone? The State actually employs drones? That’s new!”

“Eye in the sky. Once that call came in, we dispatched the drone and flew over. I can show you what we caught.”

“Fuck!” Chris caved just that fast. “Am I going to be arrested? I really can’t afford to lose this job.”

“You should have thought of that. Did your accomplice drive off with the blonde?”

“No. Dang it! She’s in my truck.”

“You’re too easy.” Lucas chuckled, “I’m joking about the drone. Do you really think Missouri would put out the money to maintain those?” Downes grinned, “Keep a secret and I won’t even write you a ticket.”

“Meaning what?”

“I’m friends with the local police in Pleasant Meadow. Couple of them went to school with Damian Palmer. Matter of fact, I grew up as his mortal enemy on the football field. Crazy bastard! He got in touch with them weeks ago but supposedly hasn’t told her that yet. I know all about what he wants her to do. We did get a call about a lude sexual act out here with a description. Now I could be wrong, and this might be another gal but if it is her, I have instructions to play along. I hear she’s fine as hell.”

“That’s her. She called his name out more than a few times. So, you just presumed it might be her?”

“Pretty much. Thanks for confirming. I’m not going to write you or her up. I will ask that you play along and let me put the fear of Damian in her.”

“She’s fearless that might take some doing.”

“My dash cam is off so let’s have some fun. Got your phone handy?”

“Yeah!”

“I’m going to trust you to record me. Keep in mind I’m in uniform so this could look ugly. You watch my six, I’ll watch yours?”

“In the future too?”

“Absolutely! None of us are by the book.” He laughed. “You can’t tell her that her ole’ man’s cop buddies are already aware. Let her find out from Damian. Deal?”

“What are you planning?”

“Blackmail! Does she have video on her cell?”

“Yeah!”

“Alright! Hang back but have your cell ready.” A nod of affirmation Downes moved to the pickup trucks cab. To his surprise Candi was laying down in the seat with her jeans unzipped in back. She was actually fingering herself and recording more footage. Insatiable! Opening the door on her she looked over her shoulder and dropped her jaw. “Well now, what do we have here?”

“Shit!” She sat up and rolled to hide herself on the driver’s side. “I thought I had privacy.”

“Is that what you think the good people driving by thought when you were outside on that flatbed?”

“Someone turned us in?” She pouted, “Please don’t arrest us.”

“Hand me your phone Miss. ID?”

“Crap! My ID is in my friend’s car.”

“Name?”

“Candace Palmer. 407 Scenery Street, Pleasant Meadow.”

“Palmer? Related to Damian Palmer by chance? Played football for the Pleasant Meadow Groundhogs?”

“Oh, my God! You know my husband?”

“You married that prick? He kicked our ass on the field back in the day.”

“Does that mean I won’t be arrested for indecency?”

“Oh, no! You’re my chance to get vengeance on Damian. Hand over your cell.” Whimpering she passed it to him. Looking into her video storage he saw her DP on the flatbed. “Tied you up good, didn’t they? Your ole’ man know you’re cheating on him?”

“I’m not cheating. That video is for him. He’s stationed in Iraq, so I make him sex videos to keep him entertained. I have permission. You can even enquire if you need to.”

“Not to do stunts like this movie in public. I’ll need you to step out of the truck.” He backed away and motioned her to join him acting like a tough guy. “Hurry it up it’s hot out here. In there too.” He smirked. “I will say this, Palmer has good taste in women.”

“Harassment?”

“Your word against mine. You see a cam on my lapel? My mic is off too.” Once out, she hides her unzipped bottom as he shuts the truck door. “Face the truck. I have to frisk you.”

“Can I zip up first?”

“YOU HEARD ME!” His tone altered she whipped around and placed her hands on the truck bed panel. Eying her perfect ass Lucas Downes whistled. “Good job Palmer! You and your husband. That’s one beautiful ass.” He patted her down at the sides allowing him to kneel and inhale her bottom. Sweat and semen for certain but her perfume was still fragrant. Inching her back he stood back up and reached around to check for weapons which he knew weren’t there. Jostling her tits about she giggled.

“That was on purpose.” Her second clue was looking over to see Chris filming them. Even more during her pat down Doug breezed by in his Charger. She felt badly that he had to circle around yet again due to the officer. “You know you can be honest with me. You wouldn’t have just grabbed my tits if you were legit.”

“Fuck it!” Lucas chuckled, “Yeah, I know who you are. We were alerted to your actions out here earlier but luckily, I’m the only one close. I’ll take care of loose ends, nothing happened here as far as I’m concerned. Damian might not be my best buddy, but I’ll honor him for serving our country. His boys in Pleasant Meadow and I are drinking buddies, they filled me in on what Damian wants from you. Pretty risky but you have at least a few badges in your corner.”

“Can I turn around now?”

“Why? I like the view.” She heard him unzip his pants and found a hefty erection touching her ass. “He serves his country. We serve and protect. You Mrs. Palmer serve the rest of us. I’m going to take you from behind and you’re going to brag to Damian just how good I was. Got that? Vengeance is mine.” He greedily penetrated her cunt from behind and started thrusting. “Do that for me?”

“I can do better than that.” She grabbed the hem of her Pantera shirt and lifted it up, over, and off of her, tossing it into the truck bed. From there she unfastened the front of her butt zipper jeans and encouraged them down even as he enjoyed the friction of her sopping wet pussy. Bending over she held the truck with one hand and worked at removing her jeans. Her shoes in the truck cab, once she used her feet to kick off her jeans she was down to her socks.

“Now that is what I’m talking about.” Lucas grunted. “Fuck your cunts weeping.”

“Face me toward Chris. No mercy! Please!” Lucas nodded and gripped her hair and her arm. Hauling her in step to her left she was facing Chris Carlton and talking to Damian right off. “I told you anything Baby. Now I’m fucking the cops.” Tits dancing Chris was amazed by what was going on. This day just couldn’t get any more perfect.

With her right arm held behind her back Lucas ordered her to keep it there. Releasing his grip, he located his hand cuffs and locked her right wrist. Ordering her left hand behind her he bound her. With the truck blocking them from traffic Lucas now choked her and gripped her breast as she cried out over his talented cock. “You have the right to scream your fucking ass off. Anything you say or do against our sexual urges will be punishable by the law of Damian Palmer. You are a whore to be used, a slut to be filled with jizz. Deny any one and his will, will force our hand. Do you understand?”

“YESSSSSSS! FUCK MEEEEEEEEEE! FOR DAMIAN!” Mind blown Chris watched Officer Downes drop her to the grass and hit her cunt with so much energy that he was spitting saliva over her back. Smothering her face in freshly cut grass she moaned relentlessly and came on his beast. Dissatisfied by only her squirting cunt he pulled out and immediately took her anus. Loose already from Doug and Chris, she took it with pride. Lifting her face up from the ground she spit blades and dirt as she looked up at a crouching Chris. “I’m a dirty whore! I want to be used. I live for you Damian. I serve you. I serve every man for you in your name. You are my God!”

“DAMIAN BE PRAISED!” Lucas grinned and shoved her face back into the ground. “We’ll make sure she gets the job done making movies for you, Groundhog! You get back home we should get the guys together and play ball for old times’ sake. Winning team hammers your whore here. Of course, by then we’ll all have had her anyway. Now that I’m in the loop Palmer, I’m going back for more of this pussy. You can bet I’ll be bringing the entire Wester Heights Warriors with me. Game on Soldier.” Snarling he nutted into her anus then pulled out of her to pepper final shots on her rosy cheeks.

Stammering to stand up Lucas zipped up and nodded at Chris. “You send that video to the skank here then delete it off your phone.” Using his shoe, he rolled Candi over onto her back then placed the heel of his shoe on her face right over her mouth. “CANDACE PALMER! You are hereby under the protection of myself, Damian’s goons in Pleasant Meadow and whomever else carrying a badge I can get to keep you company.”

Removing his shoes sole, he again rolled her over and produced a key to her cuffs. Unlocking one wrist he left the other cuffed. Dragging her to her knees by her hair he crouched in front of her and gripped her chin. “Open your mouth.” Compliant he places the cuff key under her tongue. “Swallow everything but this key from here on. You can keep the cuffs to play with I have extra in my cruiser. I will be in touch now that I know where to find you. Have fun! Make Damian the happiest guy in the world. Even if he is a punk.” A pat on her cheek he stood up and brushed the grass from his knees. A nodded respect at Chris he returned to his squad car and departed.

“Holy fuck! Did that just really happen?” Chris offered to help her up. She took his hand with a devilish grin then swiftly cuffed him with the unused side. Bound together she spit the key out into the grass and yanked him down on top of her. “Am I recording?”

“Nope! Just fuck me.” One handed he unzipped again, lowered his pants to his thighs then lay out on top of her. Hard as he was this entire time, it needed no added effort to perform, penetration easy. Missionary in the grass he fucked her for five more minutes until Doug made his hopefully final circle back. Pulling in behind the flatbed he jumped out and found her riding Chris now. Spotting the hand cuffs, he had to laugh.

“Obviously, POPO wasn’t a problem.”

“Nope! He fucked me too.” Candi giggled hopping up and down on Chris, his free hand squeezing her tit. “I’m under police protection now. Go me!”

“Awww man! Your choker’s cameo broke. Wait! No, it just came open. Cool it has a keepsake feature.” Doug clicked it closed. Watching her lean forward and kiss Chris, Doug circled them to get a good look at her turbulent gyrations, juices spitting all around his scrotum. Realizing traffic could barely see them at this angle Doug grinned and dropped his pants. Moving in behind her he climbed aboard and gave her another sample of horizontal DP. Twenty minutes of hardcore fucking the trio finished in a sweaty exhausted clump. Doug peeling away from her, she lifted off of Chris then lay next to him.

“My cuff key is right over there.” She pointed with her free hand. Doug standing up pulled his pants into place and shuffled in search of something shiny. Not hard to find he returned with it and unlocked Chris. Free now, he got up and dusted his ass off before dragging his jeans over his hips. Again, offering Candi a hand she accepted and stood tall. Between all three of them she was brushed clean of Earth. A jug of drinking water on the flatbed they used her Pantera shirt to wash up and cool off.

“I just realized something.” Doug faced Candace and reached over to mess with her choker. Unhooking that cameo he took a chance and placed the cuff key inside it. Shocked, it fit perfectly as he latched it. “There! Safe keeping.”

“Perfect.” She brightened up then clasped the second cuff right alongside her still locked one. “My new bracelet. I may never take it off.”

“Easy bondage.” Chris laughed then got her phone number to transfer his video to her cell. Once it was confirmed he did as Officer Downes told him to and deleted it. Mission accomplished he sighed at the inevitable. “I need to get back to mowing. You’re awesome Palmer. Thanks for giving me some.”

“I want more. Maybe less roll in the actual hay. My ass itches now.”

“You going to get dressed?” Doug brought Candi her jeans and shoes from the truck cab. “Wet t-shirt and all.”

“One more video.”

“Doing what?”

“Take my cell. Get ready.” She put her shoes on in a hurry. “Here goes.” Turning in step she went around the front of the pickup truck and looked both ways. Traffic still heavy she waited until just the right second before racing naked across the highway and into the grassy interior. Traffic zipping by on two sides Candi defied the world and stood there masturbating. Honks from every car going by serenaded her as she climaxed all too quickly. Waving at people, semi’s serenading she bowed to both sides of the highway then made a safe trek back to the guys. “That was my encore.”

“Fucking beautiful.” Chris sighed. “You have my number if you ever need me.”

“Same here. If you ever want me as much as need me.”

“Definitely!”

“Take me to the grocery store Doug. I worked up an appetite. Soft tacos on me?”

“Just fucked your soft taco.” He chuckled and led her back to his car. Instead of letting her get dressed he tossed her clothing into his backseat and opened the door for her. “Get your sweet ass in.” A slap on the way in, she grew bubbly. Sneaky as he rounded the car, she removed her cuff key and unlocked one half. Waiting until he got behind the wheel, she locked his wrist while he turned the ignition. “What’s this about?”

“Showing you, I’m attached.” She playfully made her shoulders dance. “Not in love but I want you to consider me your girl. I belong to Damian, but I’ll date you as long as there’s always video.”

“Works for me.”

Back around the clover leaf he headed for Pleasant Meadow. Wrist bound it was simple enough to hold hands. Doug Ramsey was already pondering his revenge against Kendra Holt. Using Candi as his girl he intended to make his ex-girlfriend wish she had never left. Now he just needed to get through her brother-in-law tonight.

Speaking of the Devil’s brother!

Pleasant Meadow High School. Kevin Palmer sat in Calculus bored as all get out. Cell used on the sly he perused websites when a text came through on vibrate. “Damian? Wow! He never texts me.” Firing back a reply of, “Hey Bro! What’s the occasion?” Two minutes later another text saying he needed to talk to him ASAP. Firing back once more he said, “Give me five minutes.” Raising his hand, he told his teacher the gorgeous Mrs. Yolanda Bloom he needed to use the restroom. Permission granted Kevin hurried down the hall and into the men’s room. Checking for occupancy there was no one. His cell on silent vibrated in his hand and he quickly answered. “Sup, Big Brother? Everything alright?”

“Yeah! Touching base on everything. I talked to dad earlier but let’s not let Candi in on that. He’s not happy but he knows everything I’m having her do. I begged him to play dumb.”

“Oh, crud! You told him I fucked Candi?”

“Yeah! Dad’s fine but he doesn’t agree completely. I told him to fuck her too but I’m not sure he will. Dad is lonely as fuck but that might be a longshot. Anyways, what I saw you do on video, all of the badass dominating has to be stepped up. That was hot as fuck.”

“She told me you called her earlier about that. She said the same.”

“Well now you’ve heard it from me. Rough my whore up. Stop acting and start believing. Tell your friends to do the same.”

“As long as you’re cool, I can do that. Bro, I love fucking Candi.”

“Hit it every chance you get. I’m putting you in charge of keeping her active and seeing to it I get videos out the ass.”

“No problem. She’s so into you that there’s no turning back.”

“Good! I’m thinking on making her my slave. I’ll fill you in more later. I talked dad into taking her to St. Louis for a clothing run. I’m curious to see what she can pull off in the city. I know a few people there too, so I might stage something.”

“Lots of strip clubs in Louie.”

“Good idea! Let’s get her on stage and make her enough money to buy those clothes.” He chuckled. “Let dad take her. You stay home so he and her can bond now that she knows what I expect from her. Dad needs to loosen up and let her ease his tension.”

“Good luck with that. I need to get back to class. That it?”

“For now! Thanks for being cool about this.”

“Thank you.” He laughed, “Made my fantasy come true.”

“Yeah, she is a fantasy, isn’t she?”

“You might ruin her doing all of this.”

“I’m good. She’s good. Later Kev.”

“Peace!”

Piece!
