
My future wife had sex with another man on holiday when we'd been together for only a year. We were in France and had consumed a lot of wine so when she became amorous, I was expecting an afternoon of fun. When she asked me if there was a chance she could indulge one of her fantasies I thought it would be something like slipping off her undies and walking back our campsite with her thin summer dress blowing in the wind something she'd done a few weeks before in England.

I told her yes and she kissed me then told me I was the best and most understanding boyfriend ever. What I didn't realise was her taking this as a green light to have sex with another man. I watched as she went to the bar where this black guy was serving and began to chat to him. I was still outside waiting ten minutes later when she came back and told me `thank you' and that she'd see me later. As I watched in horror she went down the side of the small bar then reappeared on the back of a scooter behind the black guy.

It was not until much later she turned up at the campsite and slipping into the tent she kissed me then undid my trousers and dropped her mouth over my cock. We said nothing as she slipped out of her long dress and peeled off her pants. I could see a string of secretions clinging to the gusset as she pulled them away then with barely a pause dropped down on my cock.

She was very open and slick with cum and as she rocked up and down she whispered that the man had shot in her twice. I was appalled by this but she was so sexy and hot inevitably I climaxed in her and she chuckled telling me I was a dirty sod for letting her fuck a stranger but she loved me for it.

Anyway from then on I witnessed her having sex with a string of black men, sometimes she found someone attractive so hit on them but occasionally she'd be the one accepting advances from guys. In the end I asked her what we were doing together as she clearly preferred black men but she told me it was just sex and with me it was love.

She admitted that she had a `silly' personal promise that she would never say no to sex with a black guy if asked which I said was stupid but she never changed that. Eventually she actually asked me to marry her and I agreed although she told me her `needs' would never change.

After we got married she seemed to settle down a little and while there were the odd times when she'd find someone attractive and decide to have sex with them this wasn't that often. Unfortunately that changed when we went to a club one weekend and she was hit upon by a black guy who once he found that she was interested took her away to meet his friends.

She left me alone that night only unlike previous times she didn't appear the next day (Saturday) but phoned to tell me she would be out the rest of the weekend. In fact I didn't see her until I got home from work on the Monday when she confessed that she' had sex with all four men all of the time and had even been in late to work as she'd fucked two of them before getting home that morning to change.

After this it seemed that she was seeing at least one of these men most nights for what must have been three months. I had no sex with her at all and she was barely even home. Thankfully this tailed off and I was able to see her long enough to point out to her that while I loved her enough to put up with some occasions, what was happening now was too much to take. In the end she realised she had gone too far and put a stop to it. From then on she restricted herself to agreed evenings and actually our sex life became even more adventurous as she made up for her lack of other men by being sexy for me.

Now after this time we were trying for children but none appeared and it was then Anna admitted she'd actually prefer her baby to be black! I was upset but she then told me I had three months or she'd `take matters in hand'. The time came and went and no baby and Anna resisted any interracial encounters as we were still actively going for it, only I knew from her comments that she was getting the urge again to have sex with a black guy. In the end she did, using a condom and I think after four months she reminded herself of what she had missed and went out twice in quick succession.

Eventually she resumed her old habits except whereas she used to go bareback most times (as she told me she much preferred it) now she wasn't on the pill she used rubbers but complained that she was finding that hard to do. I knew eventually things would go wrong if I couldn't do the job and so it proved. We visited friends for the weekend a short time later and that Saturday we went drinking in a large group of friends during which Anna got very drunk. Once we all got back to their house we held an impromptu party. Things would have been fine except they invited their neighbours to join us and the moment they arrived I knew things were going to be a problem.

The couple were black but that wasn't the reason for my concern, it was their son who, while only fifteen or sixteen, was immediately accosted by Anna. No one else seemed to care that she was giving him a little more attention than was proper but when she disappeared a little while later I was desperate to make sure, since Damian had gone as well, that no one put them together

Thankfully his parents thought he'd simply gone home to bed (which he had only not alone) while our friends thought Anna asleep in the spare room. It was quite late or should I say early when the others departed and the couple went back to their house. I went to our room but my wife wasn't there so I had to wait until everyone had gone to bed before I got up and put the front door on the latch hoping she would return.

It was actually dawn when she appeared. She whispered that they'd made love twice before his parents had returned then she'd accidently fallen asleep. Thankfully the boy woke her up so she was able to slip out before his parents woke. She then informed me she was really horny and made love to me for almost an hour her slick sex oozing all the while. We made love again the following night as she went into more detail of how she'd taken the boys cherry.

The following weekend Anna, now freely open to the possibility of a black baby, actually picked up a man during my sisters wedding! She danced with him several times before they slipped away to his room. People were looking for her so I had to make excuses before she returned smiling and insisted we danced even though her thighs were slick as he'd taken her knickers as a trophy. She found out she was pregnant five weeks later.

We had no idea if I was the father or it was going to be black but we knew that would become clear when the baby was born! We agonised over what we could say should it be black but realised there was nothing. Anna was so elated it was clear the colour mattered far less to her than it did to me, not surprisingly since she'd been happy to take the risk in the first place. She was very careful not to jeopardise the baby so all sex stopped from the moment she'd confirmed it was due. Family and friends congratulated us but as Anna slowly grew so did my distress. The reaction of people if it turned out not to be mine was going to be awful. Everyone would know what had happened and there was simply no possible way out, no excuse and no salvation.

We lay a few weeks before the child was due and my wife looked over at me as I contemplated the day ahead and she asked me to play with her sex. Since it was almost nine months since she'd even suggested anything like that I looked at her strangely and asked her why.

"Well I have some urges I need relief from." She stated. "Besides if it triggers the birth I'd be quite happy!"

I wasn't keen but reluctantly began to play with her as she wanted. After a short while my fingers were slick with secretions and Anna was breathing in staccato fashion. It got me hard, her excitement, and she felt me rise so grabbed me pulling on my cock as I quickly joined her near to a climax.

"I'm going to have a black baby!" She stated as she pumped me hard. "I've known for some time but didn't want to tell you until now. The dates don't match up with our lovemaking so it has to be black. Probably the guy I fucked at your sisters wedding as we didn't do it that night or the following day as you were too ill." She pulled on me harder as she had a big climax then kept working frantically until I came as well.

We lay silently then she kissed me before saying "sorry I made that up so I could get off!" and waddled to the bathroom. I wasn't sure if that was the truth or just a way to ease my shock. It was one week later that I sat in the delivery room holding a baby in my arms. She the darkest child I'd seen and I simply couldn't believe that a mixed race baby could look so black. We lost a few friends once Anna's sexual activity became clear partly because of their embarrassment but also Anna's candour when she was honest enough to admit that the child was the product of a one night stand.

It was about a month later that Anna finally admitted that she knew the child's father was the teenage boy simply from the darkness of the skin which on reflection made sense. I'm not sure what I expected from Anna after the birth but she remained a faithful wife for the best part of a year until she announced to me that she wanted another baby. She'd insisted on condoms since the birth because the doctors suggested the pregnancy might well have helped her fertility. I said ok but then she dropped the bombshell.

"I want my children to have the same parents." She stated looking at me gauging my reaction.

I actually shouted `My God!' at this point but she shrugged and added that at least it would eliminate the guessing game. We argued but she was unmoved. "Look Mark I'm asking for your assistance not approval. We have to be clear about this; you let me sleep with a number of black men knowing any one of them could knock me up. Now I simply want to make sure the father of all of my children is the same person, it makes sense in terms of knowing their characteristics and genetic traits. You will struggle to make me pregnant anyway but it will either have you or Damian as its father."

She looked at me hard. "Damian knows he is Sophie's father and has joked about giving me another one and I've already made it clear I quite like the idea."

"Please think this through..."

"I have! I want more children and want them to have the same father and I intend to sleep with Damian."

The ensuing row was very heated and there followed the threats from both of us then tantrums and anger finally pleading (from me) but eventually I gave: She was going to do it anyway so at least this way there was a slight chance it might be mine and it was that or move out. Despite everything I really loved Anna and I felt strangely she did me. It was two weeks later Anna was dressed in a tiny skirt and tight T-shirt as she waited for Damian in the hotel room we'd rented about a mile from his house. I greeted him in the lobby. Noting he'd filled out a lot in the past two years, he was now seventeen, and looked a quite a bit overweight.

At the room door my wife pulled him to her then said in a husky voice; "let's make a baby!"

She was all over him as she removed his clothes before shedding hers then they went at it frantically for ten minutes or so. After this first super-fast sex they slowed it right down and made love again for about an hour. Anna already knew she was still the only woman he'd been with which got her even more excited when she began to urge him to `breed' her like before. After this second time the three of us went out for lunch before Anna and Damian had sex again that afternoon. He went home after that because he had some school work to complete and that night we had a nice meal before an evening in front of the TV. We made love although I noted Anna sucked me to a climax before we finally had intercourse and I wondered if this might be to further reduce my chances of fathering her next baby.

Damian returned the following day and this time Anna wore nothing but a tiny night dress. They made love for several hours on and off then slept until around three when he had sex with her again and I took him home. It was rather humiliating driving this kid back to his parents as my wife laid, legs up hoping he'd given a baby for the second time.

I suppose it was too much to ask that it was just a one time thing so when Anna failed to get pregnant we visited again a month later doing much the same although she was a good deal more physical and much more vocal (cruder than I'd heard her before) both while they had sex and even in the times in between. I was actually embarrassed by her frank conversations including when we were sitting having lunch in a local pub as she told him she hoped he'd not been masturbating that week as she needed all his potent sperm deep in her womb. It was said in a conversational voice which I was sure carried to the next table.

She wasn't pregnant at the end of this second meeting either although I felt sure this was all part of her `plan' as she didn't seem to expect it to have happened and I realised that she'd missed not having black sex over the past couple of years. So she suggested a new approach: I went to fetch Damian several times a week after this and once at our house he and my wife would have sex for the evening until I drove him back home. It was soon clear Anna loved this arrangement and happily performed for him any way he wanted. He was a teenage kid so liked her looking really slutty and she excitedly wore really tarty outfits with lots of makeup. She also continued to talk crudely to him encouraged him to do the same. She would beg him to shoot his baby seed in her `willing whore body' almost every time they were together and more than once told him he could bury his cock in her anytime he wanted for as long as he lived.

Finally after another two further months it happened and she found out she was pregnant again. Anna insisted I keep bringing `the baby's father' over to bond with his daughter which really meant he continued to fuck my wife for another six months until she was really fat and too uncomfortable for sex, besides Damian didn't find her that attractive in this state. 

This time I was able and willing to tell people the baby probably had the same father as its sister. Many were surprised but I guess they soon realised we were accepting of it so they were too. Of course I still held the faintest of hopes that the child might turn out to be mine but truthfully I was kidding myself. There was therefore little or no surprise when another black child emerged in the delivery room. Anna was delighted and I got the distinct feeling she was actually relived it was black. Only three months after her second daughter was born Anna drove to London to spend the night with Damian, who was now a student in digs. The night turned into a weekend and this soon became a regular trip for her.

She confessed that while Damian liked fucking her and enjoyed showing her off to his friends he made it clear she was just a `fuck buddy' and after a while she was aware that he had a steady girlfriend so her visits were shorter and less public. I'm not sure exactly when it happened but Damian was bored with her and at first shared her with a couple of his friends which actually suited Anna as she got her fix in one short intense visit. Before long she was just doing all of his black mates and they loved the fact that this mature white woman would visit and fuck any of them for as long as they wanted.

Anna visited them again on and off for a year before she decided to get pregnant again. Our sex life was actually very good since she was getting plenty of black cock as well but it was Damian who she really wanted as a father so arranged to see him alone several times over the next couple of weeks. She was actually really surprised about the third baby's swift appearance however because they'd only done it twice without her diaphragm. Anyway during that third pregnancy my wife spent most of her visit time with his mates which turned her on so much she made the trip at least once a week until she was about four months and decided she had had enough.

By the time this pregnancy was completed and we (she) had a third black baby, Damian was in his final year and had found a steady girlfriend. Within a year they were engaged to be married and we were invited to the wedding with our (his) three children. Damian made it clear that his fianc was well aware that the children were his and not mine.

I thought it strange for Damian to have openly told his wife about Anna since she was still only in her twenties and looked really, really attractive especially as, if I'm honest, his new wife to be whilst young (just nineteen when they got engaged) was no great looker although like Damian she was black.

Once at the wedding it was clear Jess, Damian's new wife actually enjoyed the fact that her husband had knocked my wife up several times and at the reception she asked me quite bluntly if I'd watched her man fucking my wife. I tried to palm this of but she asked again and I said a few times then she grinned saying he (Damian) had told him that he found her too much of a slut to want to be with ever again.

Jess then asked what my wife was now doing for black cock since her husband wasn't going to touch her? I said she might have had enough to which she snorted and pointed to the guests letting me know that almost half of the younger guests had fucked my wife over the past year or so. It was during that afternoon Anna came to me and admitted she'd agreed to spend the evening with one of her `friends' from Damian's college which of course meant she was going to let him fuck her.

She started dancing and was in the arms of a black guy which caused our eldest to question me in what was going on but all I could do was gather our stuff and drive them home before it got any more humiliating. It was strange but Tamsin was still only five and it was hard to reconcile the fact that Anna had three baby's before she was thirty and none of them were mine.

What I didn't bank on was Anna returning very late the following night and confessing that she'd been involved with, as she put it; `a bit of a gang bang'. When I quizzed her she gave me a very lustful look and admitted she'd fucked anyone who wanted her, which it appeared was a lot. We actually made love ourselves that night and her sex was gaping and despite two showers, seeping cum. Anna was possessed after that admitting to me that she'd not used her diaphragm and that with all the attention she'd had she was probably going to have another baby. We did it both morning and night for the next few days her talking about the event over and over.

It was strange after her assertion that the children had to have the same parents for her to now be hotter than hell expecting and almost hoping she had another by a stranger. So going from a year or more of being unable to get pregnant now my wife was carrying her forth before she turned thirty. This child was a boy, black like the others but his features are very different.

The children are still quite small (our eldest is now ten) but we have moved house since the last birth. We told the neighbours that Anna was with someone before me which they accepted and given the children said I'd always been about we suspect they think that I'm the `other man' she left her black partner for.

Anna genuine loves me and has not even looked at anyone else since we moved and even told me recently with tears in her eyes she really wished one of the children could have been mine. All I wish is that one of them was white so I could just pretend.
