Author: mypenname3000
Title: Lesbian's Reality Altering Ring Chapter Four: Best Friend to Lezzie Girlfriend
Summary: Kimberly turns her best friend into her busty, lactating girlfriend!
Keywords: Ff Ffff Fff ff fsolo inc mc oral anal DP toys voy exhib MILF bodymod 1st lac inter

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for proofing this! The first chapter of this story was a commission by the fan who brought you Summoning My Succubus Mother! I've been allowed to continue it at my own discretion.

Andrea Park

Having sex with my amazing twin sister was the most awesome thing in the world.

Kimberly was perfect. She was a busty girl with tits way huger than mine. I had nice, round C's, but she was rocking F cups. She was the hottest girl in the world. So popular. It was just so exciting being her sister.

And to have her pop my cherry with her strap-on was awesome. Sandra, our older sister, had filmed it. Her bleached-blonde hair swayed around her naughty face. Her large breasts swayed back and forth, her tits jiggling. 

She arched her back, her boobs quivering as she did that. 

Then there was our mother. She was a full Korean. A short but busty woman. I was the only one in the family that didn't have the big tits, but that was okay. They were all such gorgeous women. I was so glad to be in this family.

And we were about to have one wild, lesbian orgy.

I just have to eat my sexy daughter's pussy, Mom said. She spoke Korean as her first language and often spoke it to us. Kimberly and I spoke Korean pretty well. Sandra understood it, but her accent was awful. 

Yes, Mother, eat my pussy and make me cum, I answered her in Korean. My cunt was just so juicy. Cream dripped out of my deflowered depths.

She moved to her bed and slid onto her hands and knees. Her big boobs swayed beneath her. Her black hair framed her face. She lowered her face to my shaved twat. She breathed in and groaned at the scent of my cunt.

Then she planted her mouth on my cunt and licked me.

Mom, I gasped as my mother licked at my pussy. The woman who had brought me into this world with Kimberly now devoured me. I shuddered, my boobs bouncing and jiggling.

Kimberly took off the strap-on as our mother lapped at me. My twin's big boobs swayed from side to side. She looked so sexy. I couldn't help but drink in the light-olive tone of her skin. It was the same as mine. Her round face. Dark eyes. 

Those fat, dark-brown nipples. 

She stepped out of the strap-on and tossed it to Sandra. Our big sister grinned and started putting it on, her bleached-blonde hair swaying about her face. I quivered as Mom thrust her tongue into my cunt. She swirled around in me.

I loved how she did that. How she danced her tongue around in my snatch. It was just such a treat to have her do that. She licked at me with such naughty hunger. She swirled about in me. I loved every moment of it. 

I quivered on the floor, my heart pounding in my chest as she licked and lapped at me with all that motherly passion. Sandra donned the strap-on as Kimberly crawled onto the bed. Her large tits swayed as she moved towards me.

Are you going to sit on my face? I asked, my heart racing. 

Yep, she said and threw her leg over my face. Her shaved pussy appeared. This spicy aroma filled my nose. It was such an enchanting sight.

Then my sister planted her pussy right on my face. Her spicy juices soaked my lips. They dripped into my mouth and soaked my taste buds in her incestuous passion. This was such a delight. I was so thrilled to lick her. To lap at her cunt.

Oh, Andrea, yes, Kimberly moaned as I devoured her. Ooh, and Sandra, you fuck the hell out of our mother's pussy.

Yes, yes, fuck your mother's pussy, Daughter, Mom moaned into my cunt. 

She squirmed on my face as I licked and lapped at her. My tongue danced over her folds, gathering up all that spicy pussy juices she had. She tasted so good. I could just feast on my sister's cunt for eternity.

I thrust my tongue into my sister's pussy. She gasped, her butt-cheeks clenching before my face. She arched her back, her black hair sweeping like liquid midnight down her back. She groaned as I devoured her. Pleasured her. It was so hot having my twin sister sitting on my face.

Especially with Mom licking my cunt.

Ooh, that's so hot, Mom, moaned Sandra. The slap of flesh on flesh echoed, Mom groaning into my cunt. Just eat Andrea's pussy. How does she taste?

As good as your pussy, Daughter, Mom moaned. She thrust a tongue into my cunt. 

I shuddered on the bed, my boobs jiggling, as Mom wiggled around in me. She swirled about, teasing me. I loved every moment of it. This was just the life. I was so glad to have that delightful tongue teasing me. She did such hot and naughty things to my cunt, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. 

To just bursting with rapture. 

I did the same thing to Kimberly. I swirled my tongue around in her spicy depths, making my sister moan her delight. Her pussy cream trickled down my cheeks as she rubbed her shaved twat across my hungry mouth.

Yes, Andrea, moaned Kimberly. Ooh, I knew you would be such a great pussy muncher. Just feasting on me. That's it. That's what you got to do to me. Ooh, you're going to make me cum so hard. Just keep licking and lapping at me.

I'll never stop until you drown me! I moaned.

What a lovely thing to say, Mom purred. I shall do the same to you, Daughter. I shall make you squeal into Kimberly's delicious pussy.

So fucking hot! Sandra moaned, her strokes causing Mom to rock forward and rub her face across my pussy. I loved this family so much.

Mom licked and lapped at my pussy. She brought me closer and closer to cumming with that naughty tongue of hers. She feasted on me with such hunger. It was incredible feeling her licking me like that. 

I returned the favor to Kimberly. I lapped at my sister's cunt with the same amount of hunger. It was such a delight to lick at her. To feast on her snatch. To hear her groaning as I thrust my tongue up into her pussy and danced around in her cunt.

My sister's spicy juices soaked my mouth. They were such yummy delights. She squirmed back and forth on my face, her shaved cuntlips smearing on me. Her cute asshole winked at me as I stirred her up.

Oh, god, Andrea, she moaned. I am going to cum so hard.

Me, too, I groaned. Oh, Mom, you're amazing.

Yes, you are, Mom, Sandra purred. Ooh, you're doing to cum so hard on my dildo.

I will, Daughter, groaned our mother in Korean. Her tongue stroked up to my clit. She brushed it. Let's cum as a family. Cum together.

Yes, Kimberly moaned, her pussy grinding on my lips. Her clit slid across my mouth.
 
I latched onto her and suckled. I nursed on her with passion. She groaned, her head shaking from side to side. I nibbled on her. Suckled. She gasped, her back arching. Her black hair swayed down her back. As I loved her bud, Mom loved mine.

My pussy clenched. My orgasm swelled and swelled. I rose towards that amazing burst of pleasure. It would be incredible. The slaps of Sandra's crotch spanking Mom's ass, Kimberly's moans, and my own groans all filled my ears.

Yes! Kimberly howled, her spicy pussy juices gushing out of her cunt and bathing my face.

Drinking her juices set me off. My cunt writhed and spasmed. Pussy cream spurted out of me and bathed my mother's face. She moaned, drinking up my delight. As Mom drowned in my juices, Sandra drilled our mother's cunt, making her moan louder and louder.

Yes! squealed Mom in Korean. She rubbed her face into my cunt.

She was cumming, too.

Yes, yes, yes, Sandra moaned. Oh, my god! This is it. I... I... I'm cumming!

The entire family was cumming. Mom, my sisters. I drank all the wondrous juices gushing out Kimberly's pussy. The delight rushed through my body. It burned across my mind. I shuddered as Mom licked at me. Lapped at me.

I hit that wonderful peak. I whimpered into my sister's cunt. I loved the taste of her pussy. Her juices soaked my mouth. It was a heady thrill. I quivered there, my breasts rising and falling with the pleasure of this incestuous moment.

I loved my family so much. I was so glad that Kimberly was so amazing so we could all make love like this. Without her, we would never have embarked on this path. Only she could make everyone accept our forbidden, familial love.

She was amazing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Seo-Yeon Park

My daughter Kimberly was so amazing. 

Mmm, just sit on the dildo, Mom, Kimberly said, rubbing lube into the strap-on that she had thrusting from her crotch. An identical fake cock thrust up from Andrea. She lay on her back on my rumpled bed, her round boobs quivering. 

Yes, Daughter, I purred in Korean. It was easier to just speak that language. I straddled Andrea. She was as pretty as Sandra. Obviously, no one was as hot as Kimberly. She was a supermodel. Just perfect.

I lowered my aching pussy to the dildo. My thick bush engulfed the tip. I loved the feel of that tip pressing into my cunt. I shuddered and arched my back as I sank my cunt down on that amazing shaft. It stretched me out.

Filled me up.

Oh, yes, Mom, Andrea moaned. Her hands grabbed my big breasts. My naughty daughter squeezed my boobs. She kneaded them. Her touch was so wonderful. I loved it so much. You're so sexy, Mom!

And you're so beautiful, Daughter, I purred, winking at her. I slid my hands up her torso and squeezed her round boobs. I kneaded her. 

She groaned as I did that. My fingers dug into her breasts. I loved the feel of them in my grip. I massaged them. It was a treat to squeeze them like that. My pussy clenched down on the dildo as Kimberly moved in behind me.

She pressed the lubed end of the thick shaft into my butt-crack and worked her way down to my asshole. I would be double-penetrated by my twin daughters. I carried these two sweet girls in my womb at the same time.

And now we were all lovers.

Sandra was filming it all. Another video for Kimberly's OnlyFans page. That was so wild that she had this much fame already. She was making so much money. I could quit my job and devote myself to my daughters.

No more having to work all those terrible hours. I could be a full-time mother again like I had been before my husband ran off with that American bimbo. Such joy beat in my heart. It pounded as Kimberly found my asshole.

Oh, Mother, you're going to love this, Kimberly said in Korean. She was always so polite in Korean. 

I know I will, Kimberly, I answered her in English. You are amazing. Everything you do for this family is wonderful.

Oh, Mom, I love you, she moaned and thrust.

The dildo pressed hard against my anal ring. It spread and spread part wider and wider. It was a wondrous delight to feel my butthole opening to take her dildo. She groaned behind me, pushing harder and harder until the lubed shaft popped into my asshole.

I gasped as Kimberly's dildo sank into my body. I shuddered, my pussy clenching on Andrea's dildo. I squirmed from side to side on her shaft, massaging it into her clit. My daughter gasped in delight, my hands kneading her small breasts. They felt so wonderful in my hand. My fingers dug into her flesh. 

More and more of Kimberly's dildo sank into my asshole. Her big boobs rubbed into my back, her nipples so wonderfully hard. I loved the feel of her. This was such an amazing passion. I was thankful for it.

I would just burst with delight on these wonderful dildos. Oh, Daughters, this will be wonderful! I am so thankful for you both!

You're amazing, Mom! Kimberly purred and drew back her hips. 

My asshole clung to her lubed dildo. Pleasure shot through me as she slammed back into my bowels. The heat melted to my cunt clenching about Andrea's toy. I slid my pussy up her shaft, my cunt drinking in the friction. Then I impaled down her.

As I rode Andrea's toy, Kimberly pumped hers in and out of my bowels. She fucked me with force. My daughter hammered my bowels with such wondrous thrusts. She pounded my anal sheath with that thick shaft. The heat melted to my twat. 

Daughters! Daughters! I moaned, my boobs jiggling in Andrea's squeezing hands. She kneaded them. Oh, your dildos are wonderful.

And you look so hot, Mom, riding that dildo and getting ass-fucked, Sandra moaned, filming us.

So hot, purred Andrea, staring up at me with her dark eyes. Her beautiful eyes. They were so wonderful. I was so glad to stare into them. 

Mmm, you're gorgeous, Mom, Kimberly moaned. She nibbled on my ear as she ass-fucked me. Just perfect, Mom. I love you.

I love all three of my daughters, I groaned, the bliss building in me as both my holes were reamed out by those wonderful shafts.

Kimberly thrust harder and harder into my asshole. She buried her dildo into my asshole again and again as I plunged my pussy down Andrea's dildo. My daughter gasped, her eyes widening as the base of the toy massaged her clit.

My daughter squeezed my boobs as I rode her dildo. I drove her towards her orgasm even as I climbed towards mine. I rose closer and closer to it. My face contorted as her fingers found my nipples. She twisted my nipples.

Yes! I gasped. Oh, that's amazing. My daughters are wonderful. You're all so special to me. All three of you.

I want you to cum, Mom, moaned Kimberly, her dildo slammed into my bowels. She massaged me. 

The two frictions mixed in me. I was so close to cumming. I loved this wild sex. I had lived such a boring life. It had been so pedantic. My head tossed from side to side as I slammed my pussy down Andrea's dildo. My clit ground into her pubic mound.

Mom! she gasped as the dildo rubbed into her clit. Yes, yes, yes! That's it. That's amazing. I love cumming with you.

Yes, yes, cum with her, Mom! Kimberly gasped, burying her dildo to the hilt in me.
I savored the taboo delight of making love to my daughters. My orgasm exploded inside of me. My holes writhed and convulsed around me. The pleasure rushed through me. Stars danced before my eyes as the ecstasy drowned me.

Oh, Mom! gasped Kimberly as she plunged her asshole into my spasming bowels. Our family is the best. I love you!

Sandra filmed me cumming with my twin daughters. My palms massaged Andrea's round breasts, her nipples hard against my hands. Pleasure rushed through me. The rapture drowned my mind. Ecstasy swirled through my thoughts.

I hit that wonderful peak of rapture, quivering there so full of joy. I didn't have to work ever again. I just had to take care of my three sexy daughters.

I was the luckiest mother in the world. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sandra Park

Okay, I said, thrusting the double-headed dildo into my pussy. I shuddered as it filled me up. This wicked heat rushed through me. I sucked in a deep breath, loving this big shaft stretching me out. Andrea, you just have to kneel with your ass facing mine and put the dildo in it. Then we just crawl backward and swallow the toys.

Okay, Andrea said.

She moved into position while my big boobs swayed beneath me. My bleached-blonde locks fell around my face. Kimberly was sixty-nining with Mom, the pair just devouring each other as Andrea and I would have this fun.

She grabbed the other end of the dildo and brought it to her pussy. She pushed it in, shifting the toy around in my snatch. That felt good. She groaned as she crawled back, swallowing the toy. It slipped out of me a few inches as she did.

Now, we back up! I moaned.

I backed up towards her, my tits swaying. She did the same. My cunt devoured more and more of the double-headed dildo. Then our butt-cheeks touched. That was so hot. I loved the feel of her cheeks rubbing on mine.

Okay, I said. Now we rock back and forth, our butt-cheeks slapping together.

Hot! Andrea moaned.

I rocked forward and gasped. The dildo slid out of my cunt. Then I rocked back. My butt-cheeks slapped into her rump. My ass jiggled from the impact. We both gasped at the sexy feeling. My twat drank in the friction.

We slapped our butt together. Cheeks clapping. We worked the dildo in and out of our flesh. It was a pure delight. I was so thrilled to do this with her. It was just such a fantastic rush. I savored it so much. My cunt clamped down on the toy as we fucked each other.

It was so hot. My boobs swung back and forth as we drove that dildo in and out of the other's pussy. It was so hot sharing the toy with her. Our moans sang out, filling the room with our passion. Our asses spanked together, mine jiggling from the impact.

Yes, yes, yes, that's so hot! I moaned. Ooh, Andrea, rock back into me!

God, yes! she moaned. This dildo is driving me wild.

Me, too, I moaned.

The double-headed shaft slid in and out of my pussy. The friction melted such delight through me. I loved every moment of it. I squeezed my cunt down on the toy, enjoying every moment of us rocking together. It was so hot. 

I rocked back, driving it deep into her cunt and mine all at the same time. My pussy clenched about the toy, the heat building and building in me. That wonderful orgasm that would shower through me. I was so ready for it to explode through me.

Our butt-cheeks kept slapping together. It was so hot hearing those slapping sounds. I loved them. My ass jiggled with the impact, pussy cream spilling down my thighs. I groaned, my head tossing. My bleached-blonde hair danced beside my face.

Beside us, Mom and the amazing Kimberly sixty-nined.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Ooh, Andrea!

This is hot, Sandra! she gasped. 

Right?

I slammed back into her, hurtling towards my orgasm. I groaned, my face twisting with the delight of the dildo burying into her. Sharing the toy with my little sister was just such a rush. I was so glad that I had two sisters.

I couldn't do this with a brother.

I rammed back into her. The dildo drove to the hilt in my cunt. I wiggled my hips, rubbing my butt against hers. Our cheeks slid past each other as I stirred the shaft around in both our cunts. The pleasure was just so intense.

My face scrunched up as the pleasure built and built. I was so close to erupting as we rubbed our asses together. That big shaft filled me up. My boobs swayed back and forth. I groaned from the rapture of this moment.

I burst with delight.

Yes! I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's amazing.

My orgasm gushed through me. The pleasure was intense. Amazing. It was fantastic to experience the rapture drowning my mind while my pussy convulsed around the dildo. My flesh loved that shaft. My cunt rippled around it.

Oh, that's it! Andrea moaned. Yes!

We were cumming together, sharing this wonderful delight. I quivered through the rapture. My boobs swayed beneath me. A big smile spread on my lips. I beamed with this delight. It was incredible to enjoy this pleasure with my little sister.

I hit the peak of my rapture. I shuddered, my twat rippling around the toy a few more times. It shifted in me as Andrea trembled through her bliss. I groaned and crawled forward, pulling the dildo out of her cunt in the process.

Oh, my god, she moaned as I turned around, the dildo swinging behind me. 

I licked my lips as she shifted around. She smiled at me as I leaned in and captured my little sister's lips. I thrust my tongue past her, my twat clenching on the dildo thrusting out of me. It wiggled like a tail as my tongue thrust into her mouth.

Beside us, Kimberly and Mom moaned in orgasmic delight, licking each others' pussies. That sounded so hot. They must be having such bliss right now. I savored the pleasure I had enjoyed with my little sister.

I broke the kiss with Andrea. Mmm, isn't our family just so amazing now?

Oh, it is, she said. 

Then the doorbell rang. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kimberly Park

I'll get it, I said, my mouth covered in my mother's tart pussy juices.

I slid off the bed, my big boobs jiggling. I hummed as I moved through the house, my ass swaying back and forth. My pussy dripped such hot juices down my thighs. It was such a wild delight. A big smile spread on my lips. I reached the door and peered through the peephole.

My best friend, Erika Nair, was on the other side.

The girl that I had always wanted to make it with the most but was too afraid of scaring her off. That she would hate me not for being gay, but for having a crush on her. I didn't want anything to ever ruin our friendship.

I wanted Erika to always love me forever.

My ring tingled on my hand as I opened the door. 

Erika blinked at seeing me naked. She squirmed there, the Indian girl possessing this red-brown skin that was so hot. She made my pussy clench as she trembled there in her jeans and a t-shirt. She looked up at the ceiling.

Don't be shy, I told her, motioning her in. You've seen me naked before.

Well... I mean... She twisted in place. It's been a while. And you're so gorgeous.

I want you to look at me. I cupped her face and lowered her. I stared into her brown eyes. I had such a huge crush on her. I want you to always stare at me like I'm the greatest person in the world, the one you love more than any other.

She smiled, her eyes melting, my ring glowing duller. That's how I feel. I've just been so scared of what it means that I love my best friend.

That we're going to always be happy, I said, my ring almost getting tarnished. That must have been one powerful alteration to reality.

So I kissed my best friend and lover on the mouth, letting her taste my mother's pussy juices. Erika groaned, melting against me. Her lips worked on mine. I thrust my tongue into her mouth like I had always wanted to do. This was my moment to finally enjoy her.

So I kissed her. 

She kissed me back. 

I broke the kiss with her and grinned at her. She panted, her breasts rising and falling in her top. She stared at me. At my naked breasts. She groaned at the sight of them. She licked her lips then glanced beyond me.

Oh, no, we're not alone, she said.

Oh, I make love to them, I said. Trust me, it's okay if they see you playing with my big boobs. Do you want big boobs?

She blinked. Well, I know I've always been envious of them. I think I have expressed that so many times.

I thought.

Her boobs expanded before my eyes, her top growing to handle her increased girth. She also gained a few inches in height and her nose grew smaller. It was like she always had big tits and stood taller than me. And they also lactated. That was a special treat.

Ooh, my milk is coming in again, groaned Erika. I really, really need to pump.

Good thing I'm here to take care of my enchanting Erika, I said, winking at her. I glanced down at my ring. It was tarnished near to black. It needed a recharge. What do you say if I nurse from you and finger your pussy at the same time?

She smiled. You'd really do that?

Isn't that what girlfriends do for each other? I asked, arching my eyebrow at her.

Her entire face lit up. I'm really your girlfriend? Me? Every girl at school will be so envious of me. Sascha will eat her heart out. I know she's been trying to get your attention, that bitch.

Good, I said. I want her to choke on envy!

I led Erika through the apartment to my bedroom, passing my mom and two sisters. Sandra flashed me a thumbs up. I grinned back at her, feeling so wicked about this entire moment. My pussy dripped all these hot juices. 

I soooo wanted to get naughty and do some wicked things. It would be so much fun to do all these kinky things with my girlfriend. We would get wild. My pussy dripped with my excitement. I was so ready to throw her down and eat her out.

Ooh, I bet she tasted amazing.

But I had to drink her breast milk.

I threw myself on the bed and looked at my lover. Why don't you do a striptease for me?

My best friend grinned and squirmed. I know we have the same size titties, but I still feel mine are so lacking. Even if they do lactate.

I know, I said, but I think they're hot. They're very special to me. Isn't that more than enough reason to take off those clothes and let me see that bod?

She smiled. Yeah, you're right. She drew in a deep breath. Okay, I can do this. Music?

Cortana, music! I cried. 

My computer started playing music. A thudding beat by Missy R that swept through the room. A naughty itch shot through me. I could have sex with Missy R. I could fuck her on stage during one of her concerts. Wouldn't that be hot?

She could make her booty shake for me!

I could do anything with this ring. 

My friend turned around. She started swaying to Missy R's music. The beat started to drop. Just like when Missy R would shake her moneymaker, so was my friend. Erika started jiggling hers at me, her skirt dancing over that cute booty. Her body moved with more and more confidence.

I clapped and squirmed, my cunt melting with my excitement. This was all so amazing. I was so eager to witness just how hot this would get. My pussy burned with the need to get wild. My cunt drooled with delight.

I watched her as she drew off her top. She exposed more and more of her swarthy-brown back. The strap of her bra appeared. Black and naughty. There was lace around the straps. She reached behind her and undid the fastener.

As it slid off, I caught glimpses of the side profile of her boobs. She thrust her arms in the air and rotated her hips like a belly dancer. I loved it. Her skirt swayed while her big tits bounced. I loved catching them peeking out around her body.

Then she turned around for me. I groaned, my cunt clenching as her big titties came into view. Her nipples poked out hard and dark-brown. They beaded with her white breast milk. Making her lactate was so naughty of me.

Mmm, shake those big udders! I moaned. My girl has huge udders that I can't wait to milk!

You want these? she moaned, cupping her big tits. She kneaded them. Streams of milk squirted from them and splashed across my belly.

Yes! I moaned as she kept dancing to Missy R's beat. Ooh, I want to do such naughty things to them.

She winked and bent over, wiggling her shoulders to make her boobs sway like heavy pendulums. It was so hot to watch. My cunt clenched with the sight. I licked my lips, my cunt on fire as they smacked into each other. She winked at me.

And reached beneath her skirt. She slid her hands up and found her panties. She drew them down as she winked at me. This was so hot. My cunt was on fire as they rolled out from beneath her. Her nipples looked so hard and suckable while her black panties fell down her thighs.

She straightened and turned, continuing her naughty striptease. My pussy was on fire as she wiggled her rump again. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her skirt, pushing down just enough to show off the crack of her ass.

Take it off! I whooped, my pussy dripping juices. Take it off, cutie!

She shoved it off the rest of the way and revealed a thick bush between her thighs dripping with all the pussy juices I needed to recharge my ring. My cunt clenched at the sight of her naughty treasure. I found myself entranced by her cunt.

She wiggled her rump at me. Her butt-cheeks jiggled as she did that. It was so hot to witness. My cunt clenched in delight. I just had to do something oh, so naughty. I just had to feast upon her. Lick that twat. Feast on her with hunger. I would make her cum so hard. She would have a wild cum.

I slipped off my bed and crawled on my knees. I slapped my hands down on her rump. I loved the way her plump ass jiggling beneath my hands. I kneaded her rump and pressed my face into her bush, reaching in her tangy musk.

Ooh, dat ass is so hot and your pussy smells so good, Erika, I moaned.

You really think so? she asked, her rump clenching beneath my fingers. That was hot to knead her like that. I dug my fingers into her asscheeks.

Yes, I do, I moaned and pressed my face into her bush. And you are going to love this.

I licked at her. I lapped with hunger at her. My tongue stroked through her flesh. She groaned as I did that. My tongue caressed over her. I stroked her with passion, savoring her tangy flesh. She had such a hot pussy.

Did she have a hymen?

I pushed into her folds and found it right away. That barrier that I would pop. I shuddered, licking at my girlfriend's virgin pussy. I stroked through her folds, gathering up that tangy juices, my cunt getting hotter and hotter.

I pulled my face away and moaned, God, you taste good, babe. Just amazing.

Really? she asked. That's wonderful.

I slid my left hand down and rubbed my knuckles into her bush. I felt the ring drinking in her pussy cream, refreshing itself. I loved how I could keep using my powers. It was so amazing to have this ring. 

Thank you, P. Thank you for this ring.

I pulled my hand away and went back to my virgin feast. I licked my best friendmy girlfriendwith such hunger. She had such a yummy flavor. I was having so much fun licking and lapping at her. My tongue swept through her folds, gathering up her juices.

I brushed over her hymen again and again. I loved the feel of that naughty barrier. I wanted to just ram into her and fuck her hard with my strap-on. But until then, I would make her cum with my mouth. My tongue. I would drown in her tangy delight.

While staring at that red-brown ass of hers.

God, she had a cute ass.

I squeezed her rump, my gold ring bright and shiny once more. My tongue danced through her folds. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I was so eager to make her cum. To drown in her pussy cream. I wanted to have all that cream gushing into my mouth. It would be just a delight to gulp down her passion.

My tongue slid over her hymen. I brushed her clit at the start of every lick. I loved the feel of her bud beneath my tongue. I kneaded her cute ass and made her moan with my naughty strokes. I caressed her, loving how she whimpered.

Oh, Kimberly, she moaned. Oh, Kimberly, that's amazing. Ooh, you have such a wicked tongue. This is way, way, way better than masturbating.

I know, I purred. Ooh, you're going to love being my girl. We were going to go far.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, rubbing her hot cunt on my mouth. Her thick bush felt so amazing. Her curls tickled my mouth.

I fluttered my tongue up and down her slit, stroking over her clit again and again. I drank her tangy juices that spilled out into my mouth. Then I concentrated on her bud. I polished her naughty pearl with my wicked tongue.

She groaned every time I did that. I swirled around her. Caressed her. Teased her. She clenched her butt-cheeks beneath my hands. I knew that I brought her closer and closer to cumming. I would make her howl her pretty head off.

Kimberly! she moaned. Oh, Kimberly! That's it! Oh, my god! Oh, that's it. Yes!

She howled her pretty head off. I loved the way she gasped and moaned, her butt-cheeks clenching beneath her hands. Her tangy juices gushed into my mouth. I loved the flavor of them. I savored the passion of her cream spilling over my chin.

Oh, that's so good! she moaned as I licked at her cunt. Kimberly!

I lapped at her with such hunger. I feasted on her pussy with such delight. It was so much fun to just lick and lap at her. I caressed her with passion. She groaned as I did that. She whimpered, her face twisting with delight. She tossed her head from side to side, her black hair dancing down her back. I loved how she gasped as I lapped at her twat. 

She made such naughty and wicked sounds.

Oh, Kimberly! she groaned. Oh, Kimberly, that's so good.

Mmm, I know, I moaned. An idea popped into my head. One that was just so fucking wicked. But first, I had to pop her cherry.

I pulled my face from her pussy, her cream running down my chin. I stood up, my large tits jiggling. With a thought, I had my strap-on around my waist. It was a simple wish. I just teleported it to me. Or, I had created a reality where I had put it on before this moment.

Are you ready to get your cherry popped, honey? I moaned, pressing the tip of the fleshy shaft into her shaved pussy lips.

From behind? she gasped. 

Sure, I purred and suddenly there was a mirror before her on my wall. I can see your pretty face in it. And you can see mine, right?

Erika's pretty face smiled in the reflection. Our eyes locked on each other through the reflection. This was so hot. Such joy burned in her brown depths. You're right. This is so wicked. Pop my cherry, Kimberly. I love you!

I pushed my dildo against her pussy lips. I watched them part then I felt the resistance of her hymen. It pushed the base of the toy against my clit. I shuddered at that delight as I felt her hymen stretched and stretched. 

I thrust harder. 

Her cherry popped.

My dildo plunged into her cunt. It was so hot to watch my toy vanishing into her deflowered pussy. She moaned, her head tossing and hair dancing. Her pussy swallowed the dildo. It was so hot knowing that she devoured my toy.

Oh, yes, yes, Erika gasped. Oh, Kimberly, that's incredible. That's just so amazing.

I know, I whimpered as my toy bottomed out in her. My shaved pussy lips rubbed into her rum. Her plump ass rippled. I loved the red-brown hue of it. Are you ready to get fucked?

Her face beamed with delight, reflected in the mirror. Our eyes met through that silvery plane. It was so hot. I slid my hands up her body and squeezed her big, lactating titties. I kneaded my girlfriend's tits I loved the feel of them in my hands.

I drew back my hips. She groaned as I did that. I loved the way the toy emerged dripping in her pussy cream already. My big boobs jiggled as I slammed back into her cunt. The dildo massaged my clit. Pleasure burst from the bud.

I loved the sparks. They showered through me. I groaned, my head swaying from side to side as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion. I squeezed my girlfriend's boobs and watched her reflection in the mirror.

Yes, yes, yes, she groaned as I pumped away at her cunt. 

Erika, I purred. Ooh, I love you so much!

Me, too, she moaned. This feels amazing! Your naughty 'dick' is in me!

I grinned and fucked into her with such force. I loved burying into her like that. I wanted to make her explode on my fake cock. Just burst with delight. I thrust into her cunt with hard strokes. I buried into her again and again. She whimpered as I did that.

My clit burst with such delight every time I thrust into her. It was so hot to bury into her cunt. My boobs bounced and jiggled as I buried into her. She gasped, her face twisting in the reflection of the mirror. Her big tits quivered in my hand.

I pounded my sweet Erika hard with my strap-on, loving that I was watching her face in the mirror. That was so hot. Made this even more exciting as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with such force. I buried into her again and again.

Oh, you're amazing, Kimberly! she whimpered.

And you're not? I asked her, drilling into her cunt with hard strokes.

She smiled in the mirror. That's so sweet of you to say. Just so kind of you to think that about me. 

Because you are amazing! I moaned, pumping away at her. You're sexy and hot and sexy!

You said that one already!

I know! I buried into her, my clit bursting with delight. Ooh, you're just that sexy, Erika! So sexy! I love you!

I love you, too, she moaned as I fucked the dildo into her pussy.

 It was so hot to drill into her from behind. To pound her snatch with such force. I plunged the dildo into her cunt again and again. My boobs bounced and heaved as I hurtled closer and closer to my orgasm. My pussy dripped juices that flowed down my thighs.

I squeezed her tits. Milk squirted out and splashed on the mirror. That was so incredible to watch. I kneaded her boobies, making more milk gush out of her. She moaned as I did that, her body trembling as I hammered her cunt with my strap-on. 

I'm going to cum, Kimberly! she moaned as I buried deep and hard into her.

Of course you are! I moaned. I want you to explode. I want you to burst with such delight on my big dildo as it screws your hot cunt!

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned as I pumped away at her. Just keep fucking me, and I will. I'll cum so hard on this toy. Ooh, you're driving me wild!

My clit burst with delight on every plunge into her twat. I fucked her hard. The slap of my crotch on her rump echoed through the room. I squeezed her tits, more milk squirting out to spray the mirror. That was so hot.

My girlfriend's face contorted with delight as I fucked her cunt. I drilled into her with such force. I fucked her with such passion. She had such an amazing body. I loved how hot I had made her. I rubbed my titties into her back.

My nipples drank in the feeling of her skin. The pressure built and built in my cunt with my every thrust. It was so hot to drill into her. She must be going wild as I fucked her with such passion. I would make her squeal her head off.

Kimberly! she moaned.

I know! I gasped, my pussy dripping juices down my thighs. You're going to cum!

Yes! she gasped.

I slammed my hips forward hard. I churned up her pussy with the dildo. The base massaged my clit. Sparks showered through my cunt. I was so close. My boobs rubbed across her back, my nipples drinking in the silkiness of her skin.

I buried into her cunt and gripped those big boobs. She gasped and arched her back. She squealed. Her face twisted with bliss in the reflection. As I drew back my hips, I realized she was cumming. That I had made her explode with delight.

I shuddered and slammed my dildo back into her pussy as she moaned, Kimberly!

Yes, yes, cum hard, Erika! I moaned, fucking my Indian girlfriend with such passion.

Ooh, ooh, it's so good, she groaned. Cum with me!

Getting there! I gasped, my clit bursting with sparks.

I plunged into her pussy, my twat drinking in the delight. My orgasm burst with passion. I shuddered as the waves of delight rushed through me. My big boobs heaved. I hugged her tight from behind, whimpering with this pleasure.

My head tossed from side to side. My cunt spasmed. Juices gushed down my thighs. I groaned as the rapture washed through me over and over again. I slid my fingers up to my lover's nipples. I pinched them, feeling the milk on them.

Oh, Kimberly, she moaned. Oh, this is so good. This is amazing. I love this so much!

I know! I groaned, this wicked idea bursting in my mind. I had to do it. I love you so much, Erika. I want you to have my babies!

I wish I could, she moaned. That would be amazing, but we're women. That's just not possible.

What if it was? I asked her, twisting her nipples. What if I could make a baby with a girl just by tribbing with her. Would you have my baby?

I would, my girlfriend moaned. Oh, that would be so amazing if you could do that.

But I can, I said, feeling the ring bursting with energy. It must be so tarnished by now. If I was to trib with you, we would make a daughter. Want to do it?

If it was anyone else but you, I wouldn't believe them. She turned her head to glance at me over her shoulder. But if you say you can do it, I believe it. I'm in. Let's make a baby together! 

I squealed in delight and pulled the dildo out of her cunt. 

You're not going to regret this, I said. I threw myself back on the bed and shoved off the harness to the strap-on. You are going to love having my baby. 

I am, she moaned, spinning around. My Indian girlfriend stared at me, her huge boobs swaying. They jiggled as she rushed to the bed. How do we do this?

We trib our pussies together! I squealed, so eager for this. I loved this ring that I had. That let me do this. There was nothing it couldn't do. I would treasure every moment with it. I was so glad that I had this power. I was so thrilled that I had been given it.

I would reshape the world with this power.

To be continued...
