No More Control
byR3ighter©

No More Control Ch. 16

Marietta was the first one to react to the car approaching. She scrambled for cover hiding between the front of the car and her house. Sonya casually got up and walked into the shadows on the side of the house barely out of sight before the headlights illuminated the yard. Once the car was past, seconds later, Sonya emerged from the shadows. Her caramel brown skin easily blended in with the darkness. Marietta's lighter complexion would have been noticed right away.

"Well, I guess it's time we go inside shall we? You need to get some...clothes...ugh I hate that word now," Sonya said.

"You are not nervous at all?" Marietta asked.

"Not at all. I'm mindful of my surroundings, I wasn't just going to stand there in case it was a patrol car. But I'm not going to move in fear. I will be seen but if I'm calm and confident I'm sure I can take it all in stride. Choosing this lifestyle will have it's difficulties. Openly admitting that you are giving up...clothes is not something everyone does." Sonya still stuttered saying that word. Marietta took note of this.

The two naked women walked inside Marietta's house. She turned and kissed Sonya on the lips again. "Even though I was scared to death this was the most fun I have had in a long time! Thanks so much!" She hugged Sonya.

"I thought I was supposed to say that," naked Sonya said smiling. "Hey we forgot about our food give me your keys again," Sonya grabbed the keys and walked right out the door without even looking. Naked was her new normal. Sonya bounded back to the car. She had more pep in her step and she loved the feeling of the outside air touching all of her body. No one was around at this hour. No one noticed a thing as the naked woman crossed the yard without a care.

Marietta was standing in the door way when she returned still naked. "You know it's going to take a while to get used to the new naked improved you," Marietta also had a big smile on her face. "I like the new naked me," Sonya said. "This is what I was missing in life!"

The two naked women sat down on the couch and watched a movie. Sonya was the first one to cuddle up to her naked friend. Her head rested on her breast. Nonchalantly, Marietta reached over and cupped Sonya's breast. Before the movie, Sonya was already getting ready to nod off. Marietta said softly. "You have had a long day. Go to sleep. I'll join you."

The two women got up and crawled in bed together. This was not the first time the two women shared a bed, but this was the first time the two were in bed together butt naked and embracing each other and giving each other a good night kiss. Sonya began to dream.

Sonya was wearing clothes. Shoes, pants, panties, shirt, bra. Confused she tried to undress herself. The shirt on her body would not budge no matter how hared she tried to lift it. She same with her shoes. She tried pulling on the clothing and it felt like it was stuck to her skin. She began to hear groans and screeching. It sounded like it was coming from the clothing that she could not remove from her body. Then as the noises got louder, her clothing started to squeeze tighter. As if her clothes were grafted on her skin, she could not pull them off her body. Trapped and afraid, she began to writhe in pain. Even her shoes were beginning to squish her toes. Pain began to coarse through her body. She couldn't breathe. Unable to scream any more, she gasped. The collar on her shirt tighten around her throat. She could hear someone calling her name. She was shaking. Everything went black. The shaking continued as she heard her name. It was Marietta's voice.

Marietta had awoken to Sonya talking in her sleep "Clothes, no," The sleeping naked woman said. She started to pull at her body as if to push something off. She pushed the sheets off the bed as her movements became more frantic. She started to convulse in her sleep. Now fully awake, Marietta rushed to wake up Sonya from her nightmare. Her pillow was wet with sweat. As Sonya slowly regained consciousness the convulsions ceased. Sonya opened her eyes with a gasp to see her best friend laying over her.

"Are you ok Sonya!?" Marietta said half questioning and half concerned.

"Yeah, I was having a terrible dream. I was trapped in my clothes and I couldn't take them off! It was horrible!" Sonya glanced over to the closet. The door was open and she could see the clothing in the shadows. Sonya bounced up and slammed the closet door.

"What was that about?" Marietta asked.

"The clothes Marie! I don't want to see them at all right now." Fear was still in Sonya's eyes. "Just..I need a minute, that dream was so real. I thought I was going to die. The clothes in my dream were squeezing me to death! I couldn't breathe!"

"You were convulsing in your sleep Sonya," Marietta replied.

"No! This felt real as if I were awake! I can't go back to wearing clothes! I would rather be arrested than wear clothes again!"

Marietta now officially concerned "Do you hear yourself right now?" You would rather go to jail than wear clothes?"

"Yes! I mean it! We will figure this out. Luckily you can still wear them. I can get groceries delivered! I can go outside at night!"

"How are you going to go back to work without clothes?" Marietta asked. She was concerned for her friend but she was also getting horny.

"I have a month to figure that out. I don't want to even THINK about putting something on my naked body!" Sonya was firm in her belief that she will remain naked.

Both naked women were wide awake now. Sonya could feel the bed sheets were wet from her sweat. "I'm going to go out and get some fresh air," Sonya said. "You probably should replace the sheets if you want to go back to sleep."

"Yeah. Good idea," Marietta replied. Sonya got up and left the bedroom. It just occurred to her what Sonya said. Where was she going to go? Marietta had a wooden fence in the back yard but it wasn't particularly high. Quickly, she slipped on a t-shirt and went out side. Marietta had been naked for so long, the fabric did feel foreign to her body, but it didn't feel uncomfortable like Sonya was experiencing.

Marietta heard the back door close. Following quickly after, she went out in the back yard wearing just her t-shirt. She found Sonya naked outside arms outstretched. It was about 1 am in the morning, so she wasn't concerned about neighbors. However Sonya's behavior was more questionable at hand. She was mumbling something. Marietta walked closer to hear what she was saying. She heard Sonya saying, "I am naked. I want to be naked. I will live naked. I will stay naked." She repeated this over and over. After the 5th time, she lowered her arms took a deep breath and turned to her friend.

"Hey there," Sonya said. "Yeah I know what I just did was very strange. I just felt like I had to do it. That nightmare really shook me and I needed to reset. I figured if I find something I can repeat all the time, I won't be scared to be naked all the time. I've chosen to become this way. I don't need to waver or back out now. I'm going to give up clothes."

Marietta didn't have a response. The reality of Sonya ever returning to her previous life or her previous self was nonexistent at this point. Sonya collapsed on Friday and now has become a totally obsessed nudity addict with no sign of stopping. Marietta was absolutely turned on. She took off her shirt. Sonya started masturbating again. "Marie, I know something is wrong with me. I can't stop this. A part of me is scared but another part of me wants to keep going." She started rubbing her pussy faster.

"Shhhh," Marie said putting a hand on Sonya's lips. The naked women embraced once again naked outside in the back yard. Sonya continued to jack her clit as they stood there, bouncing her hand against Marietta's pussy as well. Marietta reached down to her pussy to play too. Quietly the women locked lips masturbated and embraced each other while standing. Attempting to synchronize their orgasms, they came about the same time. After they caught their breath, Marietta said, "Don't change who you are or what you are becoming. This has been the best weekend of my life. From now on, just be the new you no matter where it takes you." Sonya felt tears grow in her eyes. She was happy. "Thank you so much Marie, she hugged her best friend and now lover."

Sonya was been given permission to lose control.


No More Control Ch. 17

It was still the middle of the night. Sexually satisfied, the naked women decided to go inside. Sonya wanted a little more exposure and took the long way around walking from the back yard to the front yard naked. She had been naked for over 12 hours straight and she was miles from any of her clothes. Marietta took the short route back into the house as she has now become the modest one in comparison. Satisfied with her role as guardian, Marietta opened the front door for the naked goddess to walk indoors. What Marietta didn't know was that a car had passed by while Sonya was in the front yard. The driver did not notice. Sonya even stood out in the open facing the car and nothing happened.

"Let's take a shower and go back to bed," Sonya said. Marietta complied. They washed each other and moisturized their bodies and crawled back into bed. As Marietta drifted off to sleep, she wondered how Sonya was going to get home naked in the daytime. It was no longer a question if Sonya would go naked in public. It was a question as to how can she avoid detection or what to do if she is seen naked. The two ladies fell fast asleep together.

Marietta awoke to an empty bed. However, she heard a noise coming from her home office. Walking in, she saw Sonya was openly masturbating looking at porn on her PC. Sonya had also opened the blinds all the way. While her computer was not visible from the window, she found the scene quite erotic.

"Morrrnn.....ning!" Sonya said moaning while playing in her pussy and humping the chair. "I......had to get......myself off this........morning and I wanted to watch more.....porn. I.......hope you don't mind. I used the incognito............ mode so I wouldn't poison your history with my smut," She said while smiling in between pants and moans. Marietta noted that sweet honey scent once again. "Oh.........and I ammmmmm........ sitting on a towel. I don't want to.......... ruin your chair," Sonya added while masturbating.

"Well look at you," Marietta said. "Glad to see my naked pervert is enjoying her morning. Did you open the window like this too?"

"Yeah," Sonya replied "I just didn't want........to be hidden... I know no one can see in on this side of your house, but I like the idea of the opportunity. Also, I.....checked your kitchen. There isn't.......much....... to eat so I didn't....... want to do anything until you....... woke up."

"I can go get something," Marietta replied. Turning to walk way she went to go get some clothes.

"Wait up,...... I want to ride with you. Just give .........me a second."

Naked Sonya sped up her masturbation rhythm while looking a woman wearing nothing but heels walk among a large crowd of people. The scene looked like it was somewhere in Europe but the hundreds of people looking at the naked woman was very arousing to Sonya. Watching the naked woman and onlookers on the screen, Sonya satisfied herself moaning loudly. Once her orgasm subsided, she freshened up. Grabbing a generous helping of baby oil, she coated her body until she had a subtle sheen.

Sonya walked to the door. "Ready when you are!" Marietta had not dressed yet. She wanted to watch the naked goddess of a woman cum and then cover her body with oil. She could not take her eyes off of her. "Well, I would have gotten ready but I had to watch you!" Marietta teased. "It's funny how a naked woman watching porn makes you drop what you are doing," Marietta said said with a smile on your face.

"I'll wait outside for you. I want to feel the sun on my body." Without hesitation, Sonya went outside butt naked into Marietta's front yard. It was early in the morning but well lit. Luckily it was a Sunday. Her neighbors probably were not out at this time. It was obvious that Sonya was getting less and less inhibited day by day. The fact that she now has no fear could possibly get her in trouble.

Dressing quickly, Marietta found Sonya jacking her clit on the front porch. Scanning her surroundings, no one was out and about this morning or looking through their windows. Marietta asked as calmly as possible "Didn't you just cum a few minutes ago?"

"Yeah, but outside it feels soo much better!" Sonya explained. "I started to get horny again and then my clit got hard and I just couldn't help myself. No one was around so I just decided to play with myself and cum again. I woke up this morning extremely horny and I just don't want to stop playing in my pussy. I figured since no one was around, you would be ok with it."

Marietta relaxed a little bit. "Don't rub yourself raw," she teased. At least Sonya was still considerate of her surroundings. She was more worried that Sonya would rub herself raw and not stop even after that. Deciding to test her, Marietta asked "Are you sure you don't want to see a specialist?"

Masturbating furiously still naked outside on the porch, Sonya said, "NO...doctors...I......want....THIS!" Her hips bucking, she slowly eased herself down on the chair letting her orgasm subside. A few drops of cum were on the porch where she stood. Her legs were spread. Her pussy still pulsating. She was licking her cum off her fingers. Looking back at Marietta she smiled. "I know I'm totally taboo and shameless. I know what I'm doing is not normal. But this is MY normal. To hell with society. I'm sooo happy with what I'm doing. Please don't try to fix me."

It was obvious Sonya's resolve was set. She was not going to wear clothes and she probably will cum anywhere she can. Somehow Marietta is supposed to keep her in check without fucking her to death in the process. "Well, I'm not going to stop you if you don't want to stop," Marietta said. "Let's go get some breakfast." Marietta beeped the car open, Sonya casually walked the 10 feet from the porch to the car like she was dressed.

After yesterday evening, naked car rides were going to be easy for the two women. Sonya casually looking out the window her hand resting on her pussy. Marietta was driving accepting the fact her best friend had given up clothes altogether at this point and probably will never stop touching her pussy. Slowly passing by the Sunday traffic, no one was the wiser.

As they were driving to get breakfast Sonya said, "I really don't know why, but thinking about clothes really bothers me. I know you need them because there are places I can't go naked, but on a deep level, I honestly cannot stand them anymore. I used to be scared, but after I woke up this morning, I feel sorry for people that have to wear them. No offense to you I hope. You are doing me a huge favor. I couldn't live this way without you."

Smiling back at Sonya, Marietta said, "I'm just amazed that this is what it took for you to be happy. I mean look at you. You are absolutely glowing over there and your body is amazing! Women use fashion to make themselves look beautiful, but you just needed to stop wearing clothes! What you are doing is incredible and I mean every word!" Sonya leaned across the car and kissed Marietta on the cheek.

"You are the best! I think I can take things to the next level!"

"What's the next level?" Marietta asked.

"I won't tell you yet. Lets get our food first."

Intrigued, Marietta pulled into the fast food restaurant and queued up to the drive-thru. This was the first Sonya did this in the daytime. A little tiny bit of anxiety set in. Her pulsating clit calmed her nerves. Marietta and Sonya placed their order and they waited.

"I wonder what they are going to say," Sonya said looking across the driver's seat.

"Only one way to find out," Marietta said pulling up to the window.

At the first window was a young guy in his mid 20s. He did a double-take and smiled. He said "Have a nice day ladies!"

Once they reached the next window, word had spread about the naked lady in the drive-thru. A small crowd of workers had quickly gathered at the next window. All smiles even the women said "wow she's hot!" Sonya smiled and waved. Marietta was turned on. Overall, it was a very positive interaction.

Smiling, Sonya said. "I think I'm ready for the next step. Let's go back to my place and I'll tell you all about it. Do you mind if I play with myself in the car?"

Marietta replied. "I don't mind whenever you want to play with yourself. Just tell me what you are thinking about when you finish."

"Ok, I'll give you a hint Marie, it has something to do with all my clothes."

With that, Sonya drifted into a masturbation bliss riding naked in the car careful to pace herself, she kept herself hot and horny the whole car ride to her apartment. She waited until the car pulled into the parking lot. Getting out with her hand in her pussy, she came right there on the spot. A few drops of womanhood hitting the pavement in her ecstasy. Once again, no one noticed the butt naked woman masturbating in public on this nice Sunday.

Marietta was able to record a video. Sonya smiled for the camera and blew a kiss. After she put the phone down. Sonya walked up to Marietta and said, "I want you to get rid of all my clothes. I don't need them and I don't want to be near them."

Horny and wide eyed, Marietta stared back at Sonya. She was out of control.


No More Control Ch. 18

"What did you say?" Marietta asked.

"I want you to get rid of all my clothes. I don't need them," Sonya said swaying her ass in front of Marietta's face as they climbed the stairs.

"You need something in case of an emergency right?"

"Ok I'll compromise," Sonya replied with slight annoyance. "You can keep ONE sundress at YOUR place just in case I need something."

"But that means you will have nothing here in your home to cover up with," Marietta said turned on and concerned. She had not broken eye contact with Sonya's perfect ass while climbing the stairs. Sonya haf left her home nude without any clothing, got seen, masturbated in public multiple times, went to her friend's house naked, and is now returning to her apartment in broad daylight. She never got scared or ashamed.

"I know, and I LOVE the idea! I've been butt naked for most of the weekend I don't want to go back! In fact, I just want to go further from everything I used to be." Sonya had started masturbating again. With one hand in her pussy, she continued to walk up the stairs. Once they reached the 4th floor, her sweet scent had filled the air. Pulling her house key out her purse, she opened the door for Marietta to walk in.

Marietta asked, "Are you not going inside?"

"Not yet. I want to cum out here first," Sonya said. The main walk area was outdoors and had 4 apartments on each side with the stair case in the middle. Anyone could step out at any time and see her. "It feels better to cum outside," Sonya added. Impulsively, Marietta pulled out her phone to record Sonya playing with herself outside the apartment. Marietta thought to herself she might need a dedicated camera for all of this footage.

Cupping her pussy with her right hand and knees slightly bent, Sonya slightly bent her knees and closed her eyes. Her tongue stuck out licking her lips. She was moaning quite audibly. She was starting to drip more of her womanhood on the concrete.

"Damn girl," Marietta said. Keeping the phone steady with her free hand, Marietta started to play in her pussy. Sonya's scent along with the visual stimulation had turned Marietta on again already multiple times today. She wanted to keep filming the naked woman. The other part of her wanted to strip naked and go outside to eat her pussy. Giving in to her urges, she decided to stop the video and strip. Now that she was fully nude, she got an idea. Grabbing her phone again, Marietta walked over to her friend who still had her eyes closed. Her hand still rubbing her pussy. Still standing naked outside of her apartment for anyone to see.

Marietta started another video and started recording selfie-style. On her knees, she started licking Sonya's fingers signaling her to move so she suck Sonya's clit. Sonya looked down at her friend smiling. In between moans, she said "I'm glad...to...see you...naked...again." Sonya's hips were bucking to the rhythm of Marietta's sucking. Marietta was shooting the whole event selfie-style with her phone making sure to get footage of Sony as well as her face while she was eating Sonya's pussy.

They were outside the apartment for about 8-10 minutes lost in each other's pleasure where anyone could see. Close to climax, they herd that signature noise of a door opening on the floor below them. Marietta tried to break free to move back into the apartment. Sonya had her eyes open looking down at Marietta. A very dominating, stern, sensual and feral stare was looking down at Marietta. "They are below us. Don't move. Keep going." Sonya pulled Marietta's head closer to her crotch and would not let go. "Make me cum and then we can go inside."

Marietta had never expected Sonya to be dominating. It took her by surprise. Sonya was so determined to cum in a public space that she would go to this extreme to get her fix. Sonya was definitely a total exhibitionist pervert at this point. Marietta was more turned on than she ever had been before. She started playing in her pussy from the sudden aggression exerted by Sonya. "Am I becoming a submissive?" Marietta thought to herself.

The footsteps got more faint as Sonya's neighbor walked down the stairs. What would they have done if that person went upstairs instead of down? Sonya began to leak more sweet goodness. Marietta got lost in the taste. Finally after being exposed out in the open for 15 minutes, Sonya had her orgasm. She slowly lowered herself on the ground, her head moving slowly between Marietta's legs. "You got me off, now it's my turn." Sonya said in her sultry tone.

Sonya ate out Marietta's pussy in the doorway. Too turned on to care, Marietta let Sonya have her way. Not too long after, she came as well. Satisfied with her display, Sonya said "Let's come inside and freshen up. That was so fun! I love having sex with you outside! I can't wait to do it again!" she paused and turned around looking at Marietta "Yes Marie, we are more than friends but you are still my best friend and I can't think of anyone else to share these moments with. After all, I'm giving all my clothes for you to do with as you see fit."

And with that, the naked woman strutted into the hallway heading to the bathroom. Taking care to close her closet doors and drawers if any were open, Sonya made sure to obscure her vision from clothing. Satisfied everything was hidden, she decided to take another quick shower. In the meantime, Marietta had closed and locked the door and decided to free up her phone memory transferring the videos and pictures she took recently to Sonya's computer. Marietta had never taken a nude selfie. She took time to admire her nakedness on the screen. Of course her beauty was no were near the goddess appearance of her naked friend, she still liked what she saw.

Without spending too much time at the computer, she decided to hop into the shower and join her naked partner in crime. After their shower together, Marietta looked through Sonya's clothing closet. While she had a few outfits it was a modest set. Nothing in excess. Calling out to Sonya, "Are you sure about this? You don't want me to leave you anything?"

Sonya had grabbed a box of trash bags from the kitchen. "I don't care what you do with them. I want them gone. I don't want any clothes in my apartment anymore. The urge to get rid of them is stronger than the urge to be naked. I just can't get it out of my head that I have to give up all my clothes. I want to see what comes next when we get rid of them. I already bagged up my dirty clothes to be thrown away. No point in washing what you are getting rid of. I'll walk them down to the dumpster myself later tonight when it's darker outside." Sonya was always frugal. She was serious if she was choosing to throw clothes away.

Marietta decided to separate out some of the nicer outfits and keep them on reserve just in case. She figured she would hide them in her closet at home. Sonya's new found nudity passion might be getting out of hand. Sonya noticing the look on Marietta's face said "Look, I know exactly what I'm doing. I am choosing to be at the mercy of whatever happens to me while you are not here with no access to any clothing. I mean look at my body! The very thought makes me horny!" She turned sideways thrusting her hips forward. Her clit proudly producing from her pubic mound at full attention. "My clit is not lying. Look how horny I am now!" Sonya started masturbating again. However, she was still able to make a complete sentence over the pleasure of her touch. "I don't even care to masturbate any time now. Do you know how liberating this if for me? OMG. I feel so alive right now." Sonya had a feral wild and primal look in her eye again. Her hand started moving faster.

"If this is what happens when I keep pushing the boundaries, I don't want to go back." Her hips started to buck. She turned walking out of the bedroom. She walked out onto the patio and again and stood outside on the balcony to masturbate. The urge to expose herself was getting stronger. She no longer got as turned on masturbating if she was indoors.

In the distance where were people out and about but once again her show went unnoticed by the people walking about ground level. Marie's phone was not near or she would have grabbed it to record again. Softly moaning, Sonya arched her hips forward as the sun covered her caramel body. As if responding to the sun, Sonya got more aroused looking out looking at the people. If they just looked up they would see quite the spectacle.

What Sonya didn't notice was her neighbor on the 5th floor above and across from her was on the balcony. He was idly playing on his phone when he heard Sonya's moans. At first thinking it might have been a couple with their window open, he was quite surprised to see an amazingly beautiful nude woman pleasuring herself as if begging to be seen. Immediately, he put his phone in his pocket and moved to get a better look at what he was seeing. Also being careful not to be noticed, he decided to stay quiet while the events unfolded in front of him. It was obvious now that she wanted to be seen but he didn't want to interrupt her if she didn't want to get caught. He could feel a tent forming in his shorts.

Meanwhile, Sonya had grabbed onto her clit and started jacking off again. Very wet and very out of control her hand became a total blur once again. Arching her hips even higher once again, she orgasmed out in the open. Marietta, still naked, stood in the doorway of the patio. The male neighbor above also noticed her. Excited to see 2 naked ladies he decided to blow his cover. Clapping his hands he said "Awesome!" Marietta jumped back inside. Sonya turned to him with a big smile on her face and said "Thank you so much!". She turned and casually walked back inside. The few people outside were still oblivious and may remain so unless Sonya did something more extreme.

Sonya looked back at Marietta with a smile on her face. "Marie! He saw me and he liked what he saw! A man saw me naked and I made him smile!" She ran and hugged her naked friend. Marietta was quite nervous getting seen like that. Sonya seemed to revel in the exposure. "Let's hurry up and pack up all my.. clothes," Sonya still stuttered saying the word. I'll feel once I free up my closet space. Thinking quickly. Marietta decided to fold and stuff her clothes in her purse for fear Sonya would take those away too forcing her to go home in the nude. She was turned on by the idea but she was not ready to take the next step that Sonya has now jumped feet first into.

True to Sonya's word, the dirty clothes that needed to be washed were soon bagged and ready to be discarded like trash. The two naked women made quick work of her undergarments and clean clothes in the closet. Sonya produced rubber gloves and took care to make sure the fabric did not touch her naked body. Clothing to her was the same as a hot pan or dirty diapers to a normal person. Marietta continued to test her resolve.

"You will have absolutely nothing to wear but a towel if that," Marietta said.

"You are right!" Sonya replied. "I don't need the bigger towels, please bag those up too. All I really need are my wash cloths and the smaller hand towels. I don't need anything that can cover me completely for any reason."

"What if there is an emergency or a fire?" Marietta asked.

"I'll deal with whatever happens while I'm naked."

"What about land lords or maintenance?"

"What about them? They will have to deal with it. I pay rent and I'm sure a man would not mind seeing all of me." Sonya gestured at her now permanently nude body. She was absolutely glowing. She looked and acted nothing like her old self. Her pussy lips were swelling and her clit was rising once again.

"What if I go on vacation or go out of town?"

"I guess I'm coming with you, or I'll just make sure to stock up on food and sneak out in the nude if I need something."

"What are you going to do when you have to go back to work? Surely you can't go back to work in the nude." Marietta was confident that she had finally talked a little sense into Sonya.

Sony replied, "I'll try and see what happens! The look on their faces will be incredible! It's a call center. Marie, I talk to customers on the phone, but the customers will never see what I'm wearing."

"What if you get fired?" Marietta replied.

"I'm not going to wear clothes again, Marie. I'll deal with whatever happens. It's better than who I used to be."

Sonya walked over to Marietta and hugged her. "I know you want what is best for me, but nudity is what is best for me. All sides, aspects, consequences... I want this. Good bad and ugly, I will be naked. I don't care if I make the news or spread across the internet. I want to go down in history as who I am and not someone I'm not."

Marietta got a smirk on her face. "So you want me to upload your nudes to the internet not hiding your face? You want random strangers to look at you, masturbate to you, spread your pictures all around the internet and lose control of them forever? Do you want your mom to find out? For your job to find out? For random people to look at you and recognize you? Would that not be humiliating?"

Marietta had forgotten who she was talking to. Sonya slowly started moving her hand to her clit. Her nipples had hardened, her pussy had started to get wet. Sonya just started masturbating. Testing Sonya, Marietta continued her questioning.

"Do you want the internet to know your full name, face, age, and city you live in? Do you want to make local news? Do you want to get the police called on you? What if you get evicted? What if you get fired? Are you just going to live naked on the streets? How far do you want to go with your nakedness? Is that all you are now? Just naked flesh to be seen by all in your glory?"

Hearing Marietta's words, Sonya continued to play in her pussy. No longer able to stand, she lowered herself slowly onto the floor. She imagined everything happening to her that Marietta said. She imagined thousands of strangers seeing her naked. She imagined going to work naked and what her co-workers would say. What her boss would say. She fantasized about trying to post her nudes on 'facebag' and reading the comments before she got banned. She thought about her 'reddot' account. All eyes on her naked body. Her tongue rolled out of her mouth. Every time Marietta said "naked" Sonya bucked her hips. Marietta took notice of this. Sonya was humping her hand so forcefully her hips thumped on the floor. Her pussy was gushing an extreme amount of sweet smelling womanhood on the floor. Sonya began to froth at the mouth, she began to convulse like she did before in her previous orgasm where she passed out. Marietta instantly stopped her teasing after seeing her start to seize.

Sonya was either having the most intense orgasm of her life or a seizure. Unable to decide the next course of action, Marietta ran and called 911.


No More Control Ch. 19

Sonya was rushed to the hospital. She was still lightly seizing when the medics arrived. Oddly her hand was locked on her pussy the whole time. Her eyes has rolled into the back of her head. She was drooling a little bit. Marietta quickly dressed anticipating the arrival of the medical staff carefully orchestrating her story, she stated she found her like that collapsed on the floor. She decided to place the wet towel form the bathroom next to Sonya to further drive the narrative that she was walking out of the shower and then seized. Sonya stabilized while riding to the hospital. While she was still unconscious, the worst was over.

Doctors performed tests and once again the results were negative. Even though the seizure was very concerning, her medical vitals had returned to normal quite rapidly. The only odd thing noticed by a few keen eyed staff was Sonya's hand always on her crotch even though she was unconscious. Marietta noticed a wet spot forming in between Sonya's legs. Somehow during all the commotion, Sonya had eventually been dressed into a hospital gown only then did her hand finally rest by her side instead of between her legs.

Marietta knew that Sonya would not like this when she came to. For now she was sleeping peacefully. A few nurses commented on her "perfume" unaware of the source of the scent. One nurse in particular noted the wet spot and Sonya's nipples and odd movements under the sheets. I guess her hand had moved back to her pussy after all. Remaining professional, she smiled at Marietta and walked away. Medically, Sonya was fine. Marietta was certain that whatever was occurring had to be purely psychological. She did vow never to push Sonya that far ever again since her fetish perversion and source of sexual pleasure is deeply rooted in exposure.

About another hour had passed and Sonya slowly gained consciousness. The very uncomfortable sensation of hot sand paper rippled across her skin like pins and needles and hot pokers. She was wearing clothes. Slowly opening her eyes, she realized she was in the hospital. Sonya remembered having an intense orgasm and she was rewarded with a trip to the hospital and clothing on her body.

Looking around the room, she saw Marietta. Confused she asked, "Why am I here? I was cumming? Was it really that bad? How long was I out?"

Marietta relieved to see Sonya awake said, "You had a seizure and passed out...again. This time I was there. What was I supposed to do? Leave you on the floor? You may have done this while I was gone, but you totally scared me."

Realizing the reality of the situation, Sonya began to understand. Also realizing her clothing situation, Sonya felt perfectly fine so she decided to get out of bed and strip. She decided to show more self control around Marietta so she would not get another trip to the hospital like this for a while. However, Sonya was fine on her own when she passed out from cumming in front of her mirror. Her thoughts were interrupted by Marietta.

Marietta watching her strip replied, "So this is how it's going to be? Just pure nakedness?"

Surprised by her tone, Sonya said, "Was I not clear? I don't care what happens from now on, I'm not wearing clothes. I can only imagine how much this bill will be going to the hospital twice in a week! I got too excited and I had an orgasm and passed out. I just got into it too much. I loved everything you were telling me and I got lost in my thoughts. I've become addicted to this feeling. I don't care to be seen. I want to get worse than I am now. I don't want to stop masturbating." Sonya had in fact started touching herself again.

Interrupting again Marietta replied, "People don't flat out pass out masturbating Sonya. Something is wrong." Marietta was scared for her friend. "What happens if you don't wake up?"

"Then I'll die happy Marie. If this is my reality when I get too turned on, I need to control myself better as not to alarm you but I may pass out again if I get too excited. Just...don't call 911 again ok?" Sonya had opened the windows and blinds all the way and was looking out the window. Her brown skin in complete view for anyone to see. She was on the 2nd floor. All the people had to do was look up. There were quite a few folks outside the window going about their day.

Marietta was at a loss for words. Logic and reason would not work. In fact Marietta felt that getting Sonya to put on clothes for any reason would end in an argument. Her biggest fear is the naked woman would shut her out only to hear of Sonya's arrest a few days later. Taking a different approach, Marietta decided to ask a question.

"So there is no stopping you from doing what I think you are about to do is there?" Sonya shook her head. Even though she was concerned for her friend, she smiled a little bit. Something deep inside Marietta wanted this to continue.

"I feel perfectly fine. I just got a little excited and over did it. What I didn't know was that my first true naked in public experience would be in a hospital. I'm actually nervous about it."

The naked goddess turned and faced Marietta. She stood with her feet slightly apart, her pussy was very swollen, wet, and glistening. Her clit was standing at attention. This was probably how her clit will be in the foreseeable future. Her breathing was a little shallow from anticipating what she was about to do. Her breasts were rising and falling to the rhythm of her breath. Her nipples were rock hard. Her almond eyes stared intently in Marietta's eyes seeing approval. The women knew what was going to happen next.

"I can't stop you no matter how much I am worried for you right now," Marietta said. "Can you compromise for me and can we take the stairs to so we have a chance to make it out of here without getting stopped?" Sonya never breaking eye contact with her friend started to smile a big smile. The naked woman bounded over to Marietta and gave her a big hug squeezing tightly. Even though her bare skin scorched in protest touching clothes, the love she had for Marietta outweighed the discomfort. She kissed Marietta, tears forming in her eyes. It was her turn to be emotional. Marietta embraced Sonya and patted her on the back.

"Well," Marietta said, "Let's sneak out of here before someone checks on us. This is totally crazy but I know you want to do this."

"I agree," Sonya replied. "Let's go."

Seconds later, the fearless naked goddess opened the door. Without looking, she was naked in the hallway padding along at a leisurely pace. They were on the 2nd floor but also on a quiet side of the hospital. It was late afternoon. The naked woman looked left and right to gain her bearings. She found the sign for the stairwell and proceeded to that direction.

"We probably shouldn't go out the main lobby," Sonya said. Her breasts were bouncing in rhythm to her steps. She over accentuated her walking to sway her hips. She could feel the breeze on her clit thanks to how wet her glistening pussy was. Marietta kept looking all around for anyone to see her. Sonya remained undetected so far. She started to enjoy the view when they got to the stairwell. "Let's go out a different way and see if we can make it out."

The hospital was built on a hill. There were two possible entry points for non emergency patients. The main lobby was on the first floor and there was a 2nd exit that led to the parking garage one level below. The beauty of the 2nd exit was it fed directly into the parking lot area. While it may be a longer walk, they would be out of the building without going through the main lobby.

"Can you do me a favor and try to hide if we see anyone?" Marietta asked. Sonya had a smirk on her face. "I can use the cars as cover once we get to the parking lot. I don't want to get caught and stopped so soon. I'm just starting to have fun!" Sonya playfully slapped her ass making a loud smack that echoed on the stairwell.

The women could hear voices all round them, but surprisingly, no caught them in the stairwell. However arriving to the parking lot was a different story. Without hesitation, Sonya opened the door and stepped out in the nude. Her casual pace, confidence, and darker complexion seemed to give her a little bit of immunity from detection in the dim garage. People were all around but have yet to notice the presence of this beautiful naked woman. Marietta counted at least 10 people who were totally oblivious to the naked woman's existence. Sonya might actually get away with this. However, they were still a short distance from the car. Also the darkness of the interior of the parking garage afforded some value of stealth.

What Marietta could not account for was anyone sitting in their car waiting for someone. However Sonya's nudity had once again slipped from concern to a turn-on for Marietta. Feeling emboldened, Sony began to play in her pussy while walking. It wasn't enough for her to be naked, she had to be masturbating too to get the same rush she had when that guy saw her on her balcony. Sonya was now craving more and more exposure to get the desired effect. In fact she didn't want to stop playing in her pussy even though she had cum so much today already. Marietta pulled out her phone when Sonya started her show.

Eventually she did get seen. An older woman saw her from a distance. She had a scowl on her face but did not say a word. Sonya looked at the old woman making eye contact. She smiled and waved with her free hand. Her other hand was still swirling in her juices and the noise from her pussy had become quite audible as she got wet. The old woman looked away in a huff. Sonya could feel the rush. Marietta panties were soaked.

Sonya could see the car when a sedan pulled up into the garage. Obeying Marietta's request Sonya slid in between two cars and crouched low to avoid detection. It was a younger man in his 30s driving a shiny BMW. "He would have enjoyed the show though Sonya." She continued to rub her pussy. She might have to cum before getting in Marietta's car. She didn't want to ruin the seats with her cum. The area Sonya was in was not open enough for her. It was too private to cum where she stood. Mind you, her only clothing was 2 floors up and that didn't even cover her ass because it was a gown.

Satisfied the coast was clear, Sonya padded naked the last few yards to the car. She walked in the middle of the parking garage and her hand still playing in her pussy. Her other hand had wandered up to her tits playing with her nipple. Her hips began to buck as she walked. She was showing signs she was getting ready to cum.

Suddenly unable to continue walking out of pleasure, she stopped everything she was doing and started to fap furiously while naked public in the middle of the parking lot. Marietta had wondered around to the front of Sonya to get a 360 view of her public masturbation addicted body. Marietta had her phone out recording. Sonya crouched slightly to provide better access, her pussy dripping. She came with a satisfying cum. A small puddle had formed on the ground between her legs. Marietta got all the footage she needed. Sexually satisfied, Sonya smiled, regained her composure and walked naked to Marietta's car.

To her surprise, her nipples stiffened again and her clit rose once again and it was throbbing. Her nipples felt... bigger. Even though she had just cum in public, she had the uncontrollable urge to masturbate again. The naked woman sat in Marietta's car. Her clit visually throbbing begging for attention.

"Uh..Marie...look"..Marie was amazed to see Sonya's clit has swollen to a size she had never seen before. Her pussy lips were engorged as if they were pumped. Sonya looked like she was so horny it hurt... unable to resist, her hand once again wandered to her pussy... "I...can't...stop..." Sonya said.. "It feels..soo... GOOD!".. her right wrist was spent..however..her left hand had taken over and was now swishing in her juices jacking her clit... "I need to cum...again!"...

Marietta knew taking her to a doctor was out of the question. Marietta said "Let's get you home so you can take care of yourself in a more comfortable place." Sonya was messing with the seat controls to find a more comfortable position. Her hips bucking uncontrollably. "Yeah.. I don't want to stop playing in my pussy!..but...I don't want to be in my home with clothes...we...I need them... gonee.." Sonya began to squirt in Marietta's car...Sonya let out a guttural moan of pleasure. The sweet smell of her cum filled the car.. Finally her clit and nipples began to soften..Sonya closed her eyes satisfied with her latest act of shameless public nudity and masturbation. She wanted to keep her eyes open to watch traffic but the last orgasm was so satisfying she decided to nap.

Sonya has lost control. Marietta saw a we spot had formed on her crotch through her jeans.


No More Control Ch. 20

The drive home was about 30 minutes. Sonya had fallen asleep on the ride home. Marietta noticed that her clit and pussy had returned to normal. She never saw anyone's body react to that level of arousal. Another thought occurred to her as well. She was getting used to seeing Sonya naked all the time like this. She finally had a chance to think about the situation.

As much as Marietta hated to admit it, old Sonya was indeed a dull person who did not get much out of life but a few laughs here and there with her best friend. Marietta did have to make a lot of sacrifices to be there for old Sonya. New Sonya was spontaneous, exciting, bold, always naked, but most importantly a total blast to be around. She's probably going to loose her job because they will not let her work naked. She bold enough to try something like that now. Sonya may have to move in with her. But then Marietta can keep a closer eye on her to make sure she doesn't do something too reckless. However, she figured she and Sonya probably needs to set aside bail money in case she does get out of control more than she is now.

Marietta pulled up to Sonya's apartment. Sonya was still fast asleep. She opened the windows for fresh air. She backed the car up tail first and went into Sonya's apartment to gather up all her clothes. Starting with the dirty clothes first, she figured she would pay a laundromat to wash them and then ask if they can donate to someone. The other clothes she also couldn't bare to throw away instead she will drop them off a clothing bank. Upon request, she was able to save 2 skirts for safe keeping at her apartment when the inevitable happens.

The commotion outside the car eventual woke up Sonya. She was so excited to see all her clothing leaving her possession. The very fact she was no longer able to get dressed for any reason made her very happy and aroused. Once awake, she played with her nipples in the car and waited for Marietta to come back. When she was close enough, she ran up to Marietta and kissed her on the cheek bouncing and giggling butt naked outside in broad daylight. This woman had no more shame. Marietta smiled.

"Since you are now awake, go make yourself useful and help me load up the car. I think there 2 or 3 bags left."

"Ok," Sonya replied. She bounded up the stairs with her hand in her pussy. She liked the feeling of walking and masturbating. She was smiling the whole way. Once inside her apartment, she went back to freshen up, check her hair and put a lot of baby oil on her body. She wanted to look her best while naked in public. She grabbed the last two bags looking at them like 20 day old trash. She almost could smell rot in her mind.

Finally it happened. After she had grabbed her keys and locked the door, she heard that familiar click of a door opening. One of the neighbors on her floor was steeping out of their apartment. Sonya had dropped the bags to lock the door. The neighbor looked her way. Sonya was moving about her business as if everything was totally normal. It was a woman a little younger than Sonya in her mid twenties. The younger woman gasped.

The neighbor said "Omigawd!? You ok?" The new neighbor noticed how fit the woman was and how every part of her body conveyed excellence. Sonya turned to her facing her completely feet apart smiling. She put her hands on her hips. "Why yes neighbor," She said. "I feel better than ever! I hope I didn't startle you too much."

"Well," the neighbor replied, "You are just...well, out there showing everything. Are you not scared?"

"Not at all. In fact I'm glad someone is finally seeing me."

"You mean you have done this before?"

Sonya grinned. "I just started but I have not put on any clothes since Saturday. I decided not to wear any clothes. In fact these bags are the last of my clothing I own."

The new neighbor's jaw dropped...What Sonya didn't know is the the new neighbor could smell a sweet scent in the air and she felt uncontrollably horny looking at this beautiful naked woman. Parts of her wanted to be brave like Sonya. The neighbor's rational brain spoke.

"Is someone making your do this?"

"I'm making myself do this."

There was a short silence, the neighbor was trying to process the reality of not having clothes and going naked everywhere, to break the silence, Sonya decided to explain.

"What I'm doing is very crazy. I know that. But I also just decided to live my life and the path of my current experiences has led me to this point. I don't plan on stopping. I want to see what I can get away with. I used to repress myself severely and I decided to change in the most dramatic way possible. In fact, we may have seen each other in passing once or twice but I was very forgettable and dull before. My best friend has been a great support in my life and without her, I would not have made it this far to where I am right now." Sonya got unbelievably horny right in the moment and fought the urge to masturbate. She could feel her nipples and pussy swell. She knew her clit was standing straight out.

"Well, I think what you are doing is Amazing! My name is Samantha, but you can call me Sam." She walked close to the naked woman with her hand outstretched. In actuality, Sam wanted a closer look at the naked goddess. She had noticed her nipples getting hard and she did not miss Sonya's large protruding clit that slowly started standing in attention. She had heard about such blessed anatomy, but she had never seen one so big or one attached to an amazing toned body worthy of timeless sculpture. She was looking forward to seeing her naked neighbor and possibly getting to know her better. Sonya also walked forward and shook Sam's hand in kind with a warm smile. It was nice to make new friends and she was excited to make a few friend as her naked self.

Meanwhile, Marietta did take note of the fact that Sonya had not returned. She heard voices and laughing above her so she figured she would make her away up to the stairs. Taking care to make as little noise as possible, she recognized Sonya's voice. It was quite obvious she was talking to someone. She had heard most of the conversation on the 3rd floor landing. Pleased to know that it was a positive reaction, she chose to listen and watch the events unfold. Once the chat had reached a good stopping point, Marietta decided to act normal and climb the last flight of stairs.

Sam turned to see this new woman and said "Hi!" Marietta replied, "I see you met Sonya. Isn't she great?"

"You two know each other?" Sam asked. Sonya bounced over to Marietta and gave her a hug and kiss on the cheek. Marietta blushed.

"This woman makes it possible for me to live my life without clothes. She probably came to check up on me when I didn't return after getting my last bags of...clothes." Sonya hates saying that word now.

"So she's really doing this on her own accord?" Sam asked.

Marietta replied "Yep and for some reason, I'm enabling her instead of talking sense into her. She's hot isn't she?"

"Omg YES!" Sam said with excitement. She blushed at her outburst.

"It's ok," Marietta said. "She had that affect on me too when I saw her naked for the first time."

"Let's exchange numbers," Sam said. I don't want to miss out the next time you are free. Besides, I'm sure Marietta wouldn't mind having someone else look out for you since you don't wear clothes. I really want to see if that's really the case when you are free again. This is so cool!"

Sonya's phone was still in Marietta's car in her purse. Marietta took the pleasure of giving Sonya's phone number to Sam. The three women walked down the stairs. Sonya led the way while Marietta and Sam watched. They were openly talking about her as she shamelessly paraded down the stairs into the sun on the ground floor. Sonya stretched her arms upwards, stood on her toes, and did a twirl to show her whole body to anyone that would look her way.

It was then that Marietta noticed how black Sonya's feet were. Knowing that could not be good for the long run of this experiment she said, "Hey naked girl. Have you seen you feet lately? You sure you want to get rid of ALL your clothes? What if you step on glass or something?" Sonya stopped and lifted her foot. It was indeed as black as tar on the bottom. She had not stopped to really take notice form all the excitement today.

Looking down, she began to think. While she loved the total freedom from all clothing, she couldn't go nude 24/7 and potentially wreck her feet. The thought of clothing touching her body was a very uncomfortable feeling, but the thought of getting her feet infected and somehow going to the doctor naked won the argument. There is no way she could go to the doctor naked. She was certain they would make her wear something.

"Ok. I'll compromise a little bit but only on condition." Amazed, Marietta replied, "What's the one condition?"

"My brown leather flip flops only. I think there are 2 pairs. I leave one pair in your car and I leave the other in my car. I told you I don't want any clothing in my home. That includes shoes, but I'll leave just one pair of shoes in my car for longer trips when I need to go places where my feet will get dirty." Sonya was still standing butt naked in the parking lot in full view. No cars or people had walked by as of yet, but she could easily be spotted if someone looked up from their phone to pay attention. There were a few people walking in the distance and totally missed the naked woman standing in the parking lot.

In fact, Sonya and Marietta were so comfortable with the current situation that Sam finally broke the ice. "Wow so this really is happening. I mean, yeah I thought you two were playing along, but the more I watch Sonya and the more I hear your conversation this is... wow. Really.. happening for real! I know we just met and barely know each other, but I really want to see what you can get away with one day! I'll be in touch. I'm late for my appointment but this was so worth it!"

Quickly Sam ran up to Marietta and hugged her goodbye. She carefully patted Sonya on the back taking care to make sure clothes did not touch her body. "I really appreciate that!" Sonya replied with a smile. Marietta was so proud that Sonya was making friends even if she was butt naked and had a fainting problem and a clothing problem and a masturbating problem. In fact Sonya's clit was pulsating something fierce. Marietta could see it moving. Her nipples looked so hard they literally could cut stone. The two women watched Sam get into her car and drive away. As soon as she was out of sight, Marietta could hear smacking sounds.

Sonya was so horny that she was beyond playing in her pussy and actually lightly patting it. Her swollen lips giggled as thick gobs of cum had formed on the outside of her lips. Her pussy glistening in the sun. Satisfied with her heavy petting she reached and grabbed on her wet clit, thrust her hips forward and started to buck her hips from pleasure. She leaned up against Marietta's car to balance herself. Marietta was recording.

"I'm surprised you could hold it in that long," Marietta said on camera.

"It was so hard....not..to.. touch myself! I can't believe how horny I am! I could feel my clit pulsating. I wish you got a video of that too!.." Sonya started to gasp she could no longer speak. She had to cum. Nothing else mattered. She had been standing fully nude for 5 minutes in the parking lot out in open. No one else noticed her that she knew of. Now she once again was blatantly masturbating in public reliving the past few minutes of her exposure. Once again she was making a video on camera for Marietta. She fantasized about someone hacking her computer and stealing her videos to post all over the internet.

Sonya's eyes rolled into the back of her head. Her mouth was wide open in an "o" shape. Her whole body shook as she had another orgasm. The warm metal of the car had tingled the back of her ass and as she slowly lowered herself down on the warm pavement, her back also got the same warm sensation. That combined with the sun and her exposure put her in ecstasy. Her crotch was a wet womanly mess. Her chest heaved from exertion and she sighed a big relief. Looking into the camera she said "I love this. My name is Sonya and I don't do clothes."

