Hazing The Swim Team
by MissAriel 

Part 5

I plead in vain as Stacy gleefully begins to rub her fingers down the soles of my feet. “Nooooo!” I shout fruitlessly into the void. The tickling sensation is immediate and lightning strikes my erogenous zone. I let out the most hideous shrieks I’ve ever had the displeasure of hearing myself bellow, and there is no doubt amongst either the men’s or the women’s swim teams that they have, indeed, found my most ticklish spot.

“Oh, wow,” Stacy says with serenity. “This must really tickle, Kelsi.”

“No, ha, ha, shit, ha, Stay, ha, Cee,” I reply, my spunky and defiant attitude coming out, but my bravado is empty, the gesture meaningless, as I continue to make the most humiliating sounds. I squirm and I writhe, my entire body shakes, my breasts violently jiggle and shake, my nipples harden, and I think to myself I have no secrets left to hide from these monsters.

“Holy shit, bro, look at the way her boobs bounce!”

“Wicked!”

“It’s, ha, ha, too much! Ha, ha, ha, please, ha, ha, stop,” I beg, and to my surprise, the tickling stops. The parade of cheering ends and the proceedings come to a halt.

Stacy’s siren-like voice whispers into my ear, “You okay, sweetie? Just say the word and I’ll take care of you. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” My first impression of Stacy was a kind of ditzy blonde, a klutz whose only purpose on the team was to do the Captain’s bidding, but I was so wrong. Stacy is a sweetheart. Her heartfelt concern for my well-being touches me. When I said stop, the first thing she did was check to see if I was okay.

I have an option to leave. All of my friends from school would expect me to. Sophia, no doubt, would say, that’s exactly what Kelsi did. They turned up the heat, tickled her feet, and Kelsi ran out white as a sheet.

Sophia’s not stupid. She knows how much I hate tickling. She knows I would do anything, say anything to escape it. She knows that when Stacy says I don’t have to do this anymore, Kelsi would say, yes, please, I’m ready to go home. And on any other day, she’d be right.

“No,” I say, surprised to hear my own words enter into the air. “I want to be on the team.” I see Stacy give me a grin, a genuine smile, a smile that you can only truly appreciate by seeing it in her eyes. And then I add, “But maybe you could stop tickling my feet?”

Stacy gives me a warm, consoling smile. “Sorry, sweetie, it’s all or nothing.”

I give a hesitant nod. The two senior girls to Stacy’s side hold down my legs and I’m now powerless to kick or halt Stacy’s advances. Stacy’s soft, angel-like, yet demonically evil, fingers dig in once more into my incredibly sensitive feet. “Waaaah,” I shriek, “Wah, ha, ha, oh, God, it, tickles, ha, so, wah, ha, ha, much!” I cry out. Unable to move anything except my torso, I twist and turn, I shriek and howl. The pure torture of Stacy’s fingers touching my soles envelops my consciousness. I feel my breasts bounce and jiggle and my poor nipples ache with a double-sided pleasure.

The clamorous cheers of the jury once more fill the room.

“Woohoo! Go Kelsi!” Again, the guys chant my name. Kelsi, Kelsi, Kelsi! My performance as a shy, reluctant ticklee is clearly driving them wild, but to me, it’s no performance, there is no acting. I am unbelievably, incontrovertibly, without a shadow of a doubt, really fucking ticklish, and I cannot believe I voluntarily agreed to let this happen.

But it’s too much. I thrash and I squirm, my body involuntarily jiggling in a humiliating and titillating fashion to the boys’ delight. No matter how much I pull my feet away, I’m unable to escape Stacy’s angel-like claws. I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to give up, I want to be a part of the team, but I also can’t take much more of this. I’m reaching my limits. Trepidation creeps up on me like a slimy, slithering snake, and goosebumps crawl on my skin as I realize I’m reaching the end of the line. It’s too much, I think. If this goes on much longer, I’m going to break.

In a moment of acute horror, my survival instincts kick in, and without even thinking the consequences, I blurt out, “You can take my panties off if you stop tickling my feet!”

Dead silence. The entire room is stunned by my outburst. But it does not take long for the jury to lend their approval. Great idea, Kelsi. Bro, do you think the carpets match the drapes? I always wanted to see that bubble butt in its full glory. I thought I had no secrets left to reveal, but how wrong I was, as the consequences of my thoughtless outburst come back to haunt me.

The bench is removed from underneath me and my legs gently fall to the ground. My feet touch the cold concrete of the locker room for the first time and I shiver. I feel the frigid, icy air, the consequence of my nudity, yet also the blistering heat of ecstasy, my body drenched in sweat.

I feel Stacy’s soft fingers hook into the sides of my panties, and inside, I cry, please no, not my panties. Where once I looked at them in disdain, my child-like underwear printed with hearts, I now feel apologetic, their incredibly important job of preserving my flower, my dignity, coming to the forefront. No, I think, please don’t leave me. But my internal begging is in vain as my panties slide slowly down my legs, revealing my precious flower, a trimmed landing strip, but otherwise completely smooth.

“I knew it, bro, I knew it! She totally is a natural blonde!”

“Woohoo, Kelsi, I love you!” A random guy with a huge boner shouts out. I blush. I am mortified, both by the loss of my panties, that the boys’ swim team has discovered that I am, in fact, a true blonde, and by this filthy boy’s proclamation of love with his absolutely ridiculous speedo-contained banana-like fucking boner.

“Turn her around, turn her around,” the jury cheers, and I feel Stacy’s graceful arms turning me to the other side.

“Bro, that ass, am I right?”

“Dude, I think this is, like, the best night of my entire life.”

“Bro, this is, like, the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen.”

My face burns with fire. How dare they, I think, but I’m completely powerless. My arms are bound to the ceiling and my last sliver of dignity has been stripped away. My only consolation is that this could not get any worse.

“Well, time to get back to tickling,” Stacy whispers in my ear and my heart skips a beat. Fuck. No, no, no, no. It’s not over? I gave up my panties. Come. On. They saw my fucking pussy! They ogled at my ass! You’re telling me that’s not enough!?

Dozens of fingers dig into the deepest recesses of my body. Nothing is sacred. My underarms, my breasts, my ribcage, my thighs, my butt, nothing is off limits to these girls... nothing except my feet, which in a moment of desperation, I traded my panties to protect. I squirm and thrash with a relentless force that Stacy and her partners in crime had not seen before, but it only invigorates them to tickle me harder. My butt facing the boys’ swim team, I feel its every jiggle and bounce as it involuntarily shakes. The guys love it and they are not shy about letting me know.

“Woohoo, Kelsi, shake that booty!”

“Bro, I didn’t even know it could bounce like that.”

I squeak and squirm, I twist and thrash, I howl and cackle as my laughter echoes through the room, but I am powerless to do anything except surrender to Stacy’s vixen-like teasing. Internally, I beg for it to end, but it doesn’t. I’m not even sure I want it end as my nether regions ignite, but no, I think, I don’t want this, my mind split in two.

I’m turned around again and again, as the jury can’t seem to decide if they prefer to see my bouncing breasts or my jiggling ass as Stacy and her friends teach me new definitions of what it means to suffer, their fingers delightfully glazing my sensitive skin all over my body. Suffering? You love this, Kelsi. My confession makes me crimson with shame and I don’t think I’ll ever live this down. But I don’t have long to contemplate the future, as the sounds of the boys cheering and my own laughter interrupt my every thought.

Even worse, Sean does not relent, he does not give me an inch of peace, his eyes glued to mine at every opportunity. Note to self. Transfer. Out. Of. That. Class.

After what feels like hours, the tickling session comes to an end, and Stacy begins to release me from my bondage. But hours it has not been. I read the clock and it’s only 8:50 p.m..

“That’s enough, ladies. Let her down. I’ve got to go. Take care of her, will you, Stacy?” The Captain abruptly leaves the locker room, and I can only guess it has something to do with Passions. I’m left in Stacy’s capable arms.

When I see Julie and Isabella rushing towards me, I can only imagine they’ve come to make fun of me for my humiliating ordeal. But to my surprise, they don’t do that at all. Instead, in my dazed state of confusion, they begin to help me get dressed.

“Holy shit, Kelsi, you’ve got more balls than the entire boys’ swim team put together. I can’t believe you went through with that,” Isabella says, beaming at me. “Girl, seriously, I’m impressed. I’m sorry for being a bitch earlier. Friends?”

I give her a hazy nod and return a smile. “Friends.”

“You did it, Kelsi!” Julie cheers and almost knocks me off my feet when she hugs me. “That was so brave. I don’t think I could have done it. Hearing the boys swim team talk about my body in such a filthy way? No, I couldn’t. Girl, you might be the strongest person I’ve ever met.” I embrace Julie.

Despite my misgivings about the Captain’s ‘team bonding exercise’, I must admit, there were some positives. I think I’ve made two lifelong friends. Through the trauma of our initiation and the most difficult trial I’ve ever faced, I am now bonded with Julie and Isabella in a way that no one else could understand. I have everything I ever wanted: good friends, a team that believes in me, and a completely ridiculous story about a sexy banana eating contest. I’m going to be all right, I think.

As a bonus, I’ve made an important step in overcoming my body shyness. I think I might even be able to change in the locker room without feeling embarrassed or nervous now. Showering in a public stall? Hell no. One step at a time, okay?

With my hour-long initiation finally over, Julie and I make our way towards the exit. On my way out, I see Isabella chatting up a feisty looking Stacy in the corner of my eye. “If you were impressed by the banana, wait until you see what I can do with a peach.”

*Epilogue – One Day Later – English Class*

“Hey, Kelsi,” Sean says. “Glad to see you. I didn’t uh, get a chance to talk to you after the, uh, thing, but I just wanted to say, like, you know...” I almost don’t recognize him with all his clothes on. He’s really awkward. He’s not exactly prince charming when it comes to talking to girls. But he doesn’t need to be. If you’d seen what he looks like in a speedo, you’d understand my meaning.

“You know...?” I reply quizzically. I’m trying to act cool, but I’m totally not. I’m sweating bullets. My crush is talking to me and he’s the nervous one? Sophia will never believe me.

“That I like, you know, I think you’re cool. I thought your whole thing the other day was like, really far out and brave, you know? What I’m trying to say is, like, do you want to hang out?” Sean asks.

I smile and whisper in his ear the most banger line I can think of on the fly. “I need to pick up some bananas. Want to come?”


