Mechanical Bull Ride
byluke_stcy©

A while back Stacy tried a mechanical bull at a local bar. She had been drinking a bit and didn't do so well but had some fun. After that night we joked about the bull and she said she promised giving it another try sometime.

We were out of town on vacation and I overheard some people talking about a bar in town that had a dance hall and a mechanical bull. That night I told Stacy that we were going out dancing. She decided to wear one of her loose fitting but short skirts with a thong and a top that opens down in front halfway to her hips. The sides of the top are open just as much as the front and it is very loose fitting. Then she wears a very sexy bra underneath it since the top tends to move and open up a lot.

As we were getting a cab, we met another couple going to the same place, so we decided to share the cab. When we got there, the place was starting to fill up, so we had a couple drinks. We eventually made our way to the mechanical bull and I pointed to it and told her that here is her chance. She laughed and said that she wasn't really dressed for it. I left and went to get us another round of drinks and then signed her up on my way back.

We were enjoying our drinks for about 15 minutes and then they called Stacy's name. I told her it was her turn and she just laughed and handed me her drink and went over to the stand. It was a medium size crowd at this point but I was able to get a front row spot. Stacy went up to the bull and did a good job of keeping her modesty as she climbed up on the bull. Up to this point we got some nice shots of her lacy bra, but that was about it.

The operator started the bull up pretty slowly and Stacy was doing pretty good. Then after about 10 seconds, he sped it up. As she was getting spun around, her top twisted on her. At that point we all had a nice view of her see through lacy bra covered boobs. The top had pretty much moved off to the side and between her boobs, it was a beautiful sight. Unfortunately, it didn't last long as she soon fell off. But the bright side was as she fell off, she fell back on the big cushion and her skirt flew up to her hips as her legs flew wide open. We all had a great shot of her skimpy little thong she had on with her legs wide open.

She struggled a little to get back up and as she started to walk away, the operator running the bull told her to get back on since she fell off so quick. The crowd was quick to cheer her back on. The second time, she lasted a little bit longer but we all got the same bra shots for a little longer and then were treated to another wonderful shot as she fell off again. At this point, she came back and we headed to the bar.

Stacy decided she had to go to the bathroom while I got more drinks. When she came back, she smiled, winked and handed me her thong! She then grabbed me and we went off to the dance floor. After dancing for a little while, we decided to rest and found an open pool table. We decided to play a game and as usual, we always make a little wager. I told her I wanted her bra if I won, she decided that I had to ride the bull if she won. The game went pretty quickly and I won.

As I was racking the ball for the next game, she quietly went over to the corner and slipped her bra off. When she was walking back, she had to be very careful not to shake too much or the top would open up and she would fall out. As we started playing the game, as soon as she would bend over to take her shot, we all had a great view of her nipples through the holes in the side. I also finally noticed as she bent over her skirt was so short that you could see the bottom of the butt. The lighting was kind of dim, but it was clear what we were getting shots of. I told her if I won this game, then she had to ride the bull again. She agreed and then told me that she thought she will need some clothes back!

As luck would have it, I won the next game too! We had quite a crowd that had gathered to watch the game at this point. After the game, we went and got a few more drinks. Stacy decided she wanted to dance some more so we went off to dance. The place had really packed in by now. We found a nice little spot and danced a little while Stacy tried to keep her top in place. When she decided to go to the bathroom, I snuck over and put her name on the list for the bull again. There was a much longer line this time. When she came back, we continued to dance. After a couple dances, we went to watch the bull and hung out by the booth.

Finally, they called her name. She looked at me with a surprised look and I told her she was up! She asked if she could have her bra and thong back, but I told her there was no time, it was her turn. The operator in the booth saw her and motioned for her to come over. (Obviously remembered her from earlier) Again, she handed me her drink, smirked and walked over to the booth and then went to get on the bull.

This time was nothing like the first time, as she went to climb up, her skirt was sitting higher on her hips and when she swung her leg over, we got a nice shot of her butt showing that she no longer had her thong on. As she tucked her skirt underneath her, the top already started opening and shifting letting her boobs almost sneak out.

They started the bull slowly again but with the swaying of the bull, even at the low speed, her top quickly readjusted itself to the side and there was Stacy, boobs fully exposed and essentially topless riding the bull. The place was packed and everyone was cheering. This time they didn't speed up the bull for a long time. Stacy didn't realize she was uncovered as she tried to hang on and we all had an incredible time watching her ride topless!

Then they sped the bull up and it didn't take long and off Stacy went, flying to the mat. Just like before, she landed on her back with her legs wide open and her skirt around her waist, but this time with no panties! There she was, spread eagle and bright lights for a big crowd with everyone watching. As she stood up, she quickly adjusted everything, but we all had a great shot. As she went to leave, the operator told her one more time. Being the good sport, she gave us a second performance just as good as the first and again, when she fell, it was another spread shot for everyone close by. This time, she was having quite a time trying to get her balance to get back up but finally made her way back to all of the cheers.

After that, we found our cab friends and decided to head back to the hotel. As we made the way back, they both told Stacy what a great show she put on. Stacy then started to laugh as she just remembered that she didn't have her thong on. Karen joked that when she was on the ground, everyone agreed that she had done a great job shaving her smooth lips. Stacy then told us she felt her top shift but didn't want to let go. We assured her that the top was not an issue, she was topless for the whole time on both rides!
