[This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities whether it be person, place, or thing are entirely coincidental.]

(C) 2009 M Saint


The suburban town of Hyattsville had gathered in the local park, holding its annual bake sale for charity. Roberta Tanner was a soccer mom, member of PTA, and was part of various small organizations in her community. She had a job at the factory making clothing, and other products for bigger corporations. She stood at 5'8", had long firey red hair, and captivating eyes. Her work schedule changed, compared to others, because she was a part of so many things. She was a dedicated, hard working, and fun mom in the eyes of everyone who knew her.

It was just a little past 9 A.M. on a Thursday morning. It was a full day off of work, meetings, and organizational gatherings. Her daughter was at school, and the neighborhood was clear of everyone. She had woken up to birds chirping, and the sun illuminating the room as she lay under her silk sheets, naked, and very comfortable. She was happy, and got up to prepare for a day of peace.

As she slipped on sweat pants, she also put on a sports top, and went to her gym room that was setup in the back of the house where the guest room used to be. She flipped on a T.V, and muted the sound, then turned to her left and flipped on a music disc on a small radio. She turned on the machine, and began to walk, then jog, then increase the speed to really get a workout on her legs, and her heart. She breathed steadily, and took a sip of water from her bottle every so often to hydrate herself.

After 20 minutes of good exercise, she stepped off and made her way towards the shower. Once inside, she slid her sweats down her long smooth legs, and pulled off her top to reveal her nipples. As the fabric rubbed and pulled on both nipples, a sensation powered through her body. Once inside the hot shower, she lathered up and washed her body. She rinsed away as the soapy hot water ran between her breasts and washed away down the drain.

Stepping out from the shower, she grabbed a towel, and wrapped it around the top of her breasts, and left for her bedroom. She made it halfway there when she heard the doorbell ring.

"Who could that be?" She asked herself. The doorbell rang again, and Roberta reversed her tracks heading now for the front door. The cool breeze tickled her legs as she walked through the hall, and into the living room standing right by the front door. Opening the door, she stood before a tall, built man in a power company uniform. His long sleeves rolled up slightly, and he stood looking at his clipboard. That is, until he lifted his head to find a sexy, seductive woman in a towel right before his eyes. His dark brown hair short, and his muscular build screaming out "sex" to Roberta.

"Can I help you?" asked Roberta.

"Uh, yes. I'm sorry to bother you ma'am. We're out today doing a routine check on everyone's meters to make sure that each works correctly," He said to Roberta.

"Oh, well that sounds okay," She replied, opening the door wide enough for him to step in.

The man eased his way past Roberta, and tried on his own to find the way towards the meter.

Roberta put on a smile. "This is an old house, so, the meter is right out back," She said to him, and pointed the way to the back door when he turned around.

"Oh, okay then," The man said, walking out the back, and to the meter.

Roberta stood in the back doorway. The towel still wrapped around her body as she watched on.

After a few minutes, the man called out, "Oh, wow, I think it is broken."

"Really?" Roberta asked, knowing that it was perfectly fine.

"Yeah, uh, looks like I need to make a few fixes on the box," He said trying to think of stuff to say.

"Well, you're the expert," She said, then turned to go put some clothes on. She made her way to her room, and once inside, grabbed a pair of fitting, cut jeans, and a nice tee shirt to match. A pair of sandals, and she left the room to check on the Electrician. She watched as he stood next to the box, unsure of what he should do next. She kept her watch, as she noticed he looked around, then opened the box to pull out a few pieces.

"Oh my God," She thought to herself. "I wonder if that is dangerous."

She turned around, and walked into the living room. As she started to sit down, the front doorbell rang.

"Oh, who is it now?" She thought, and hurried to the door. As she opened it up, she recognized the face of her long time best friend, Ramey.

"Roberta, hello," Ramey stretched her arms out to give her a big hug. "Gosh, it's been so so long."

"Yes it has, look at you," Roberta looked over her friends sexy body, but noticed that her boobs were a little bigger than her own. "I have to show you something, " She said, leading her friend into the kitchen and to take a look out the back window.

"Oh my, he's a hot one," Ramey said. "Oh, I just want to go out there and rub my hands all over his arms and chest, and....." Ramey trailed off.

Outside, it grew hot. The sun was closing in overhead, and it took a toll on the electrician, forcing him to take off his shirt.

"Oh, look. He's taking it off," Ramey became excited.

"Oh, I think that's turning me on," Roberta said, slightly touching her breast on the outside of her shirt.

"Yeah, me too." Both women stood in awe of the hot electrician doing his job.

Ramey began to slightly rub against Roberta, turning her on. Seconds past, and Roberta turned around, and planted a soft kiss on Ramey's lips. Their tongues wiggled around inside each others mouths, and soon, Roberta had lifted herself up onto the counter. Ramey slid between her legs and kept kissing Roberta on the mouth. their bodies became hot, and Ramey kissed along the sides of Roberta's neck, sliding down and rubbing up her side. Roberta slid her fingers in Ramey's hair, and guided her down to between her legs. Ramey undone the button, and zipper. She grabbed the waist and pulled them down, showing the shaved pink center in between Roberta's legs. Without hesitation, Ramey licked between her slit, and wiggled her tongue.

"Mmm, that feels so good," Roberta cooed softly.

Ramey slid a finger into the hole, and licked on Roberta's clitoris at the same time. The pleasure was so great, Roberta gave in and released a very hard, but sexual orgasm.

Ramey licked it up and tasted the sweetness of Roberta's juices. "Mmm, again?" She asked, but Roberta had another plan.

She smiled, slid up her pants, and hopped off the counter. She walked over to the back door, and looked out. In the sun, the electrician stood there. Pieces back together, but trying to figure out what else he could do to stay longer. She called out to him, "Hey, you look a little hot. Why don't you come inside for something to drink?" He agreed, and made his way inside, once again brushing past Roberta.

"This is my friend, Ramey," Roberta introduced them.

"Hi, nice to meet you," He said to her, and lightly shook her hand.

"Likewise," Ramey answered.

Roberta handed him a cold glass of iced tea. "Here you go."

"Thanks, boy it's so hot out there." He rubbed the sweat from his forehead.

The women, both with devious smiles looked at each other, then at him.

"Could you help us with something?" Roberta stood up and asked.

"Sure, what do you need?" He answered.

"It's in the room," She said, leaving into the direction of her bedroom, guiding him along.

"Yeah, I can't figure it out either," Ramey responded, acting dumbfounded.

"It's just over there," Roberta pointed to over by her bedroom window.

He went first in, and looked around. Roberta followed, and then Ramey came in last, kicking the door closed with her left heel.

"I'm not sure what it is, where is it?" He asked, turning around to find both women pulling the tops off.

"Get on the bed," Ramey demanded him to do so.

As the man got on the bed, he lay back. Roberta and Ramey pulled each other close, and kissed again, tasting each others saliva and touching breasts together. Ramey slid her hands down, unbuttoned Roberta and slid her pants back down. Roberta took note, and did the same to Ramey. She stood back, and noticed that her friend was also clean shaven. She knelt down between Ramey's legs and licked her pussy softly, then pulled her close to get closer and deeper inside of her hole. Her tongue explored and she tasted the sticky sweet fluids that dripped.

The electrician lay back, unzipped his pants, and pulled out his thick hard cock. He stroked it up and down, and watched as he was getting a good show.

Ramey looked over at the man, and winked, assuring him that he was about ready to get fucked good and hard. She slowly pulled Roberta back up to her mouth and kissed and tasted the juices that were lingering on her lips.

Roberta looked over at the man, and slowly walked over to him, lay on top, and grabbed hold of his cock.

Ramey hovered in front of his face, exposing her pussy for him to lick, and suck on while Roberta sucks him off.

Roberta took his shaft into her mouth, and swirled her tongue around, stroking him with her right hand, and cradling his balls with her other. He moaned, and licked deep into Ramey's hot pink pussy hole, sending her head backwards in the heat of the moment.

"Oh, yeah, lick it up baby," Ramey cooed aloud. She slipped her finger down to rub her clit as he did so.

Roberta sucked hard, pumping his shaft making him shake and convulse on the verge of an exploding orgasm. Just as he was ready to explode, she stopped. She got up, and traded spots with Ramey. Ramey crawled around, and instead, slipped herself over the man's dick, and bounced back and forth, riding his meat hard. Her pussy made squishing sounds as she moved back and forth. The wetness was from him eating her pussy, and her creaming lightly as soon as she sat on his cock.

The man ate Roberta's juicy wet pussy just as she liked it. He slipped a finger in, and nudged her clit with his teeth, then licked away tasting her fluids that dripped sweetly from her center.

"Suck my pussy baby, suck it good and hard," Roberta cooed and came in his mouth, allowing his lips to taste her as the aroma filled his nostrils.

Ramey leaned forward, and kissed him on the mouth, tasting the flavors her friend left behind. She continued fucking his cock, pumping hard, and wrapping her hands around the back of his neck to pull him close.

"I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!" Ramey screamed, and released a hard orgasm making her convulse and shake even seconds after-wards.

Roberta noticed that the electrician still had a rock hard cock, and looked almost disappointed that he couldn't release. She took action, and laid Ramey down on the pillow, and lay between her legs to lick her pussy, all the while lifting her ass up for the man to fuck. As she began to lick her friends pussy clean, the man slipped his cock inside Roberta's slippery pussy, and thrust deep to fill her whole. He fucked her hard, and slammed against her ass making her quiver as she licked and slurped away at her friends hot juicy cunt.

Roberta reached under her and rubbed her clit as she was beaten against and rammed hard. Her pussy was ready to explode, and she licked away harder at her friends cunt.

"Oh God, I'm gonna...." She screamed as she burst. The man came with her at the same time, squeezing her tight and pumping his load inside her.

Ramey looked very happy. She nestled her clit softly with her right index finger, as she watched Roberta recover. The man leaned back and breathed.

"Oh, hurry and get dressed before my daughter gets home," Roberta ushered them both to do. They got dressed, and made plans for the future to meet again.