Shy Margaret's body-bag confinement leads to further ecstasy
It had now been three weeks since Will had met Margaret, the shy widow who had moved into the apartment next to his on the second floor of their apartment bloc. From the very first they had felt a strong attraction, and within a day or two, they had become surprisingly intimate and besotted with each other.
Margaret, in her early forties, was demurely voluptuous, much given to a wardrobe of extensive lingerie, elegant footwear, and classic dresses and blouses that seemed to date from the 1950's, back when women were ladies and proper ladies still wore white gloves when going to church or on shopping expeditions. Her makeup and manicures were impeccable, making things all the more delicious when she joyfully surrendered to the amorous humiliation and debasement that Will so skillfully dished out.
Will, for his part, was retired from a career in sales and had taken to filling his spare time with writing rather naughty stories for Littersmutica, the popular amateur erotica online site. In fact, at this very moment, Will was seated at his laptop in the corner of his living room that served as his author's study, with Margaret cosily ensconced nearby.
It was a very homey and comfy scene, save for the fact that Margaret was all zipped and strapped up tight in a full latex body-bag that encased her from her neck to her toes. They had foregone the full sensory deprivation hood so that Margaret, laid upon the settee, could gaze lovingly upon Will as he worked and hear his prurient patter as he kept feeding her little lewd and mortifying comments and observations.
Margaret loved her body-bag and how it made her feel. The latex encasing her was so smooth and sensuous as it pressed against her increasingly sweaty skin, matting her body hair - especially her muff, which was oozing her arousal down her thighs and bum-crack. The heat was intensifying, making her feel like a goose being slowly cooked in her own juices. Despite the second skin pressing her so tightly, she could detect her earthy smell of cunt juice and perspiration and a little leakage of pee, mixed with her perfume and the familiar odor of latex. It was a heady stench that was both embarrassing - so rude! - and terribly exciting. When deep in her sub space, she liked to imagine that she was just a slab of meat marinating in her own excretions, waiting patiently to be devoured by her Master when he determined that she was sufficiently cooked. God, she was so hot and horny, hovering on the edge of an orgasm, but never quite getting there.
Every so often, Will would get up from his writing to stretch his legs and quietly walk over to her to tease her by squeezing her entrapped titties and twat or pinching her toes through the latex bag. He would whisper little love names in her ear, like "dolly" or "my pet", and then mortify her by describing her strong odor or asking her lewd questions that she couldn't possibly answer as her mouth was stuffed with a bright red ball gag. He also liked to collect her drool from her lower lip and string it around her face like a trail made by a snail. Will did it all so casually, as if it was the most normal thing in the world to humiliate his very proper neighbor for hours on end.
For the moment he was back at his laptop, sharing his thoughts with his lovely captive.
"You know, my dear, it's the oddest thing. I just write my fetish stories of depraved little ladies - not unlike yourself - and think I've made a clever turn of phrase or a delicious description, and then I read a story that I don't think I've read before by one of the better authors on Littersmutica, and damned if they didn't use that same phrase or description in a story of theirs from, like, ten years ago!
"The same goes for story plots and scenes that just spring to my imagination. No sooner do I write them up then I discover that another author has come up with the same plot twist or scene in a story that went up on the site while my own story was 'pending' moderator approval! It must look like I am a terrible swipe artist.
"What the hell is going on here? It's as if we all share some kind of Collective Unconscious or mental database of shared archetypes and fantasies. It is just bizarre, don't you think?"
He glanced over at his adorable sub, who nodded vigorously while making muffled sounds of agreement. The ball-gag between her nicely painted dark red lips made formal conversation a bit difficult, but he had become adept at interpreting her moans and murmurs.
Believe it or not, this kind of recreational disposition had been at Margaret's suggestion. She loved feeling utterly helpless and under Will's control, but this way she didn't intrude too much on his need to concentrate. Margaret could slip into her "sub space" and feel her whole body glow from her immobilization. She adored that Will understood this need within her. She loved submitting to him, just letting him determine what he would do to her next.
Something deep within her craved his power over her, longed for him to carefully and delicately tease her receptive nerves, building her up to the very edge of ecstasy and then pulling back. It was deliciously maddening and soppingly so.
And once they agreed that it was time for her to emerge from her bondage, she was so horny that it took little effort for her to persuade Will to give her a vigorous shagging, with much manhandling of her delectable rump. Her late husband Paul has been no slouch in the rump fondling department, but Will had a style all his own that Margaret had rapidly come to adore.
Will got up from his laptop and ambled over to the settee, pinching Margaret's nipples through the PVC body bag and making her squirm to the degree she could - which wasn't much at all.
"What do you think? Had enough 'bag time' for today? I think I'm just about written out for this afternoon. 800 words in one clip is not too bad. I just wish I knew where this story was going. It's a bit of a mystery, really.
"Anyway, shall I scrape my little oyster out of her shell? Would you like that?"
Margaret nodded avidly, mumbling muffled nonsense sounds as Will gave her a devilish grin.
"Ah, but first I need to take a leak. Here, let me move you just so and remove your gag, so that I can use my gorgeous little toilet with her lovely painted lips."
Will reached behind her head and released the ball gag, giving her jaws a gentle massage after he had placed the gag aside.
"Alright, my pet, open wide for Daddy. He has some golden love to share with you. This has all sorts of nutrients and I know you must be quite thirsty in your roasting bag."
Margaret obediently opened her mouth and gazed at Will's eyes with a look of heightened adoration, as if he was about to bestow her with the most wonderful gift in the world.
Will straddled the body bag, unzipped his fly and fished out his gnarled dick, pushing its red crown between her maroon lips and let loose. Margaret's eyes grew wide with just a note of panic, as she struggled to gulp down his stream of piss without wasting a drop. She had years of practice performing this service for her dear departed husband and she had begged Will to take up where he had left off. Will was able to halt his flow a couple of times to help Margaret to swallow it all without gagging. As she ingested his urine, she felt a warm glow spread through every nerve in her immobile body, and as she swallowed the last drop and licked his pee-hole, she came with a cry of joy, her orgasm overwhelming her and making her squirt cunt-juice copiously into her body-bag. She was consumed by the total debasement and cried again with an after-cum, peeing herself this time, just letting herself go helplessly.
Once her breathing settled down again, she opened her eyes and gave Will the most shit-eating grin imaginable.
"That, Sir, was amazing. I came so hard that I wet myself...twice! It's a real mess in here. I think you better drag me to the shower and unwrap me there so that we can clean both me and the bag. Maybe you can get in there with us and soap me down. I feel like a horse that has just run the Kentucky Derby while standing still. Whew!"
Will quickly shed his clothes and dragged and trundled Margaret in her bag to the bathroom and carefully leaned her upright against the wall by the walk-in shower. He slid open the glass door and stepped in to turn on and adjust the shower spray. He set it to a low volume while he lifted Margaret in and began to loosen the straps binding the bag tightly. That done, he pulled the vertical zipper down the whole front of the bag. Margaret extracted her arms from their side holsters and flexed her fingers. Taking Will's hand to help her keep her balance, she stepped out of the latex shell and let it crumple in a pile behind her. She embraced her Master and stood under the shower's stream with him, cupping his lean buns, and offering her plush lips to him for a deep kiss. She knew she must still taste of his urine and stuck her tongue up against his in an impish gesture.
"Alright, my dear. Let's get you all cleaned up. You are rather odiferous, you know," Will observed with a wrinkle of his nose, as he grabbed the shower gel dispenser and started soaking a big sponge with it.
"And it's all your fault, Sir! You put me in that big hot bag and wouldn't let me out for the longest time," Margaret parried.
"Only because you begged me to, Sweetheart. You originally brought it over from your apartment and showed me how to encase you in it, and the rest is history! I swear you'd be in it 24/7 if you could get away with it. As I recall, a week ago you had me tuck you in your bed one night with the bag and a deprivation hood on, with a penis gag in your mouth, and told me to come back first thing in the morning and release you. When I let you out, you were hornier than a horn toad, although much cuter! I had to alternate all day, between edging you and making you cum in every hole, and with half the devices in your toy box."
"Oh yes, Sir. It was perfectly lovely. What can I say? I'm an orgasm slut. I have a heat inside that just won't go away."
Margaret let Will soap her all up and rinse her down, making her raise her arms high as he nibbled on her armpit tufts, which provoked a tickled giggle. He gave much attention to cleaning her vagina and her anus, getting them squeaky clean, then making her clean his member and his hairy shit-hole. They only ceased this extended foreplay when the hot water ran out and they had to jump out of the shower and turn off the now freezing spray.
They toweled each other off, including their now freshly washed hair, and hugged each other closely, Margaret's head against Will's shoulder.
"So, Missy. Are you still needful?"
"I am very needful, Sir. My heat is still strong. Very strong."
"I see. And where is it hottest?"
"In my rectum, Sir! My anus got all itchy when you were cleaning it so nicely, and it wants your gristle rammed up it to relieve the itch. It has been three days since you last attended to it, you know."
Margaret treated Will to one of her innocent little smiles. Will rolled his eyes and grinned back.
"I believe we can take care of that, my pet, although I will need you to do some licking and sucking to help stiffen this old man's tool. Maybe even a little fucking, just to get the engine revving. I'm sure by then you'll be begging for it, and I do like to hear you beg. You do it so well, you know.
"Why don't you pull out that black negligee that you keep here, you know the sheer one, and put on your black velvet collar? Then jump in bed and wait for me. I'll be but a minute, I need to arrange the body bag to dry. We can attend to its conditioning later.
"Oh, and why don't you use this mouth wash? I think one pee-pee kiss was sufficient for today."

Will was by now hopelessly smitten with Margaret. The more time they spent with each other, the more he was grateful for his good fortune in having her suddenly appear in his life. It was as if she came pre-loaded with an endless variety of kinks that she was eager to share with him. Yes, she was quite shy, but that just offered him more opportunities to tease and humiliate her, which wound her up like a fine luxury watch.
When Will came into the bedroom, Margaret was lying on the bed with her negligee and collar on, lazily playing with her labia and putting on a lewd display. Will was aghast.
"Hold on, Missy! Did I give you permission to masturbate?"
"No, Master, you didn't."
"That's right! And what happens to naughty girls who play with themselves without permission?"
"They get spanked, Sir. Or worse."
"And what is the worst punishment, Missy?
"Master denies me orgasms."
Margaret suddenly felt crestfallen. She had just meant to provoke Will enough to make him spank her, which was her favorite warm-up to put her firmly in sub space. He wouldn't really deny her more cums tonight, would he? In their short time together, he had already denied her orgasms for a horrible three day stretch, only allowing her to edge herself or be edged by him when he felt generous. It had almost driven her insane. She couldn't even play with herself back in her own bed, as the walls were so thin that Master could tell if she was cheating. Her eyes began to tear up and she started to snivel.
"Stop it this minute, Missy! I have no intention to deny you cums tonight. I know what you were doing. You were just playing the subby game of Make Master Spank Me. It's the oldest trick in the book and it usually works. You'll get spanked tonight alright, but not because you tricked me. You'll get spanked because it turns me on, too. That and some sucking gets me rigid, and I need to be stiff as a fire-iron to penetrate your lovely little star and pack your fudge for you.
"Here, get up, and bring in the 'spanking chair' from the other room. You know, the one at my writing desk. It has nice wooden legs, very sturdy, but not too heavy. If you wish a spanking, you need to help prepare it. That's a good girl. Just place it there near the bed.
"Now close the window to the airshaft and pull the drapes closed. It's early still and this shouldn't be too noisy, unless you scream and carry on, in which case you get my briefs stuffed in your mouth and a piece of duct tape over that. Don't make me do that, my dear. It would be harsh on your delicate skin and might leave you looking like you had a face waxing gone wrong.
"Now, up you go, across my lap, that's it, now we're all set. You really do have a lovely tush, so plush and shapely. A shame really to pound it until it's flaming red, but that's the outcome we both want so badly, so you can't escape it now. In for a penny, in for a pound."
Margaret squirmed in excited anticipation as Will lovingly fondled her cheeks, so shapely and soft. Suddenly he gave her a hard smack on each of her arse cheeks, rapidly repeated again and again. He ranged around her cheeks, spanking them relentlessly until they were red on nearly every square inch of her tush. She stoically absorbed the pain, plunged deep into her sub zone, knowing that the awful pain would soon be drowned in a flood of endorphin- induced pleasure. Oh yes, oh yes! She was floating in an ocean of pain, but that receded as her arousal arrived. Her snatch was dripping with twat juice, so good, Sir! So good!
She could tell that this alone was going to set her off, the first of a series of cums. Just what she needed and craved, a string of cums that might tamp her fires, though the relief was always so brief. She couldn't help it if she was insatiable, a true slut of every description. Cum slut, pain slut, orgasm slut, edge slut, perverted slut, slut, slut, slut. She ground her soaked twat against her Master's thigh and tried to bring herself off while he slapped her still.
Will paused, one second, two seconds, three seconds, four, and polished her off with one final smacking blow. Margaret Higgins allowed herself a muffled howl and spasmed into a colossal orgasm that made her twitch all over her Master's lap, her nerves inflamed, her heat momentarily slaked. God, that was good!

So much for the warm-up. Margaret was so far into the Zone that the rest of her behavior with Master was almost on auto-pilot. Her decades-long training had groomed her responses as a willing sub. She loved obeying her Master, no matter how depraved his orders, and adored the humiliation and punishment he afflicted upon her. Good God, she was such a slut, but she embraced that label with pride. She had almost no limits, and only hoped that Will would guide her skillfully through tonight's debasement. He had not failed her yet.
Will pondered the evening's progression. Margaret wrapped, her squirts and pees, her Master's liquids, her golden swallows, their mutual scrubbing, her naughty diddling, and his harsh punishment of her lovely buns. She should feel satiated, but she still craved more. The heat was unrelenting. She depended on Master to push her so far that she had to cool off, just chill and become a nice dolly, a good girl, a pet. But it was not to be. Margaret, so dignified and proper in her public persona, knew deep down that she was an unstoppable cock-tease, an utter slut who concealed her depravity beneath layers of girdles, corsets, and silk.
She needed her rectum reamed, her naughty bits sucked and nosed, her titties teased and chewed relentlessly, and even that might not be enough. She willed herself to embrace the next stage of her Master's loving debasement. How could something so wrong, feel so right? She felt deeply ashamed, but hotter than ever. Master bade her rise and kneel before him. She gazed on his grizzled member dripping with pre-cum, awaiting his command.
Will looked down at his adoring and adorable sub and petted her on the head, and even scratched behind her ears, as one would do with a good dog.
"Now, my loyal little pet, it's time for some sniffing, licking, and sucking to please your Master and rouse his ancient tool. You may start with sniffing his hairy balls and then proceed to oral worship of his prong above."
Margaret was still in her sub zone and going deeper once again. The natural smell of his freshly washed crotch was like a subtle but intoxicating cologne, and she sniffed it deeply as she gently sucked his testicles into her mouth and lathed them one at a time with her pink little tongue. This was just so intimate and servile that it never failed to make her labia drip. She was sorely tempted to finger herself as she moved up to his cock, but she needed her little hands to fondle his dong and make it stiffen. She held its crown gently as she licked the length of its underside, up and down, over and around. She could feel it harden as she went down on him, engulfing his tool with her plush dark red lips and leaving traces of lipstick as she allowed its length to extend into her throat and back out again. She had her gag reflex well-trained from all the nasty toys and organs that she had sucked over the years. Mmmmmm, Master was so good to her, letting her worship his cock like this. She wished it could last forever, but she now felt him lift her head up and extract his gnarled tool from her slut mouth.
"Nicely done, angel. That felt exquisite and I feel ready to penetrate your delectable red bottom. Up on all fours on the bed, Precious."  
Will knelt down beside her and held her in place while he slid his right hand all over her fetching body beneath her negligee, tugging her tufted armpits, her pubic bush, and tracing a finger down her dripping labia and then up her arse crack, pinching her anal hairs and ever so lightly tickling her cute little sphincter. And then he reached under her quivering body and milked her udders as if she were a cow.
"Moo for me, Missy. Beg for your Bull to mount you. Let him know you need it."
Margaret was panting hard, a low groan rising from deep within her. She was so deep in sub space that she could barely summon words to do as Will ordered.
"Fuck me, Sir! Fuck me in my big bad bottom! Fill my rectum, please. I need you in me. Pleeease, Sir!"
Will knelt behind Margaret's reddened rump and began to tease her with little love bites all over her plump cheeks. She whimpered like a small trapped animal, her eyes tearing up with fear and joy. Will spit on his fingers and spread his spittle all around her anus, spit again and worked some into her sphincter, finger fucking her aperture until it was lubed and could receive his grizzled member. He gripped his cock and slid it into Margaret's dripping cunt, deliciously coating it with her love juice as a final lubricant. He lingered awhile, sliding back and forth, teasing her and heightening the tension, before pulling out and attending to her bum.
"Alright, sweetheart, relax your exquisite little asshole as I give you the corn-holing you so desperately crave. Here we go, Sugar, it's time to take your temperature!"
Will roughly gripped Margaret's hips and pushed his crown against her fundament until his cock head popped past her sphincter ring. Margaret gave a guttural moan and pushed back, helping his stiffened dick to glide slowly but surely up her rectum. There was the familiar pain of his invading her tight channel, but it was soon overlaid with an endorphin high stimulated further by Will raining spanks upon her ample bum. She gave off little squeaks and cries as he pushed his tool in and out, in and out.
He reached underneath and gave little love spanks to her sopping quim in between slithering his digits into her vulva and caressing around her clit. She breathed deeply and surrendered utterly to her loving master's vigorous sodomizing. There was something about a good reaming that lifted her into an almost egoless state where she was just a nameless flesh-tunnel gripping a pistoning fuck-tool at the center of the universe that was her arse. She could sense the tension heightening, both her own and her master's.
Will uttered a single word, "Cumming!" and made a final thrust, spurting his cum deep within her bowels, like a sperm enema. This pushed Margaret over the edge, an electrical charge sparking her whole body into an all-consuming orgasm. She felt simultaneously exalted and exhausted, filled with a sense of peace and a very intimate love for her beloved Will.
Will's member was now spent and he pulled it limply out of Margaret's pinkened bum and scrambled to his feet, heading briskly to the bathroom and wetting a washcloth which he brought back and used to clean up her anus and then wipe his cock. By now, Margaret had collapsed front side down on the bed looking a bit tuckered.
Will reached over to the night-stand and grabbed a modest little butt-plug and firmly inserted it in Margaret's anus. This would seal his spunk within her bowels, letting her enjoy the warm gift of his spermy goo soaking her rectum. She often liked to stay plugged like this all night, savoring her honored status as her Master's submissive cum bucket. She sighed contentedly and drifted off to sleep.
As for Will himself, he now had fresh inspiration for where his story would go.