Me and my Father In law-18

Jeevan << jeevanindia2002@yahoo.co.in >>

	That night I had sex with my husband with my FIL's cum still in my choot! Wow that made me very hot and I said many things to my hubby!	I talked about another lund and about other man fucking me while hubby watched. He got very turned on with this and fucked me very hard. I knew he loved my talking dirty and I too came many times with his lund in my choot. Finally he mixed his sperm with his fathers and did not know it! Ohhh god was I a real slut? Ya I was going to the path of my own debauchery and loved it.
I was to meet Ramesh on my jogging next morning! That day I got up quite early and prepared my self for the occasion. I wore Punjabi dress for a change. I selected bright blue colour, the dress was tight and showed all my assets prominently. It had low neckline and that made my boob valley visible just below the dupatta . the dupatta was taken for name sake and I did not wear any bra inside. So as I walked my breasts almost jumped inside the kamiz. I had put on dark lipstick to make my lips look succulent for a kiss. Was I going to kiss him? I was sure I would! I walked around and felt my breasts sway and jiggle with the motion. Ohhh! Ramesh would die seeing me like this. I had planned his seduction well and there was no backing out. MY FIL had approved of it and was looking forward to se me getting fucked by Ramesh. I was HOT!
I went out at about 530 am. It was a bit dark outside and I did not see anybody still on the roads. As I started my run, I saw Ramesh coming out of the building with his shorts and t-shirt. He waved at me and I waved back. I was happy! I slowed my pace so that he could join me. We started our jogging and I sneaked a glance at him. Ramesh was secretly watching my breasts and getting excited. knowing that he has watched me naked and playing with myself with the binoculars made me more excited. I did not say anything but just removed my dupatta out of the way so that he could watch me without any hindrance. This made my breasts swell out and the cleavage looked deeper and clear. While walking fast, they swayed and jiggled. I was getting wet with every glance Ramesh threw on my breasts and decided to do something about it.
I told Ramesh that I had to catch my breath and so I took him to the far corner of the path and we sat down on the cement bench. We sat for few minutes and then I shifted myself towards him. Now I was very near to him and could see the bulge of his lund in his shorts. I smiled mischievously. I pushed my thighs against his and felt the heat from his body. He looked at me and smiled nervously. I think he had not touched a woman before and that made him nervous. He was unable to speak when I asked him about his friends.
"Ramesh do you have any girl friends?"
"No Seema Vahini! I am very afraid to talk with girls in my college. My other friends have but I don't!"
"Ohhh this is very bad for your age Ramesh! You must talk with girls, you are Big boy now. I will help you to break this. You talk to me and you will get used to it." Saying this I placed my hand on the exposed portion of his thigh. He almost jumped! I rubbed his thigh and my hand traveled up, towards his lund. I lightly touched his lund with the flat of my palm and he jumped again. I looked at him and licked my lips seductively. Ohhh god! He almost fainted. I looked around and confirmed that there was nobody watching us. I put my hand on his lund and felt his thickness. Ohhh it was thick one and when I placed my palm along its length I found that it was almost 7-8 inches long. Not that I had not tasted such a big lund but this made me want it even badly. I moved my palm along his lund and whispered to him,
"Ohhh Ramesh! You have nice one! Its really big! Don't be nervous I will teach you everything. Now let's go to your room and spend some time knowing each other. Ok?"
He just nodded. I could not resist pushing my hand in his shorts and catching the monster. I was breathing faster now and I could feel his lund throbbing. I caught hold of it and wrapped my fist around it. Ohhhhh god here I was holding his lund inside his shorts in  the open and anybody could walk in and catch us. I did not bother. I had to have this lund! I caressed his lund inside his pant and then started to move the foreskin up and down. Ramesh moaned and I felt him move his hips in rhythem to my rubbing. I never missed a stroke and soon his lund throbbed in my hand. I knew he was cumming!
	I hurriedly and hungrily pulled it out and bending down I put my mouth to his fountain of pleasure. And I was rewarded with thick hot cum spraying into my mouth. I took all of it and then swirled my tongue all over inside my  mouth to taste every drop of this young semen. It did taste different! Different than my Baba's sperm! It was thicker and had strong acrid smell and tasted more sour. May be the age matters. I loved it!
	I licked my lips and then looked at my young lover. He was now relaxed and was moving his fingers through my hair lovingly. He was like a small boy who had some new experience and needed some affection from me.
	"Ohhhhhh Ramesh! This is so nice! Your lund tastes so nice. Come on kiss me and taaste that from my mouth. Ohhh how I want that inside me."
	I put my lips on his and opened my mouth to allow his tongue to explore my mouth.  Ohh he was not tender and moved inside my mouth very fast, uncontrollably!. It touched my teeth and roof of the mouth with the fast movements and almost scraped away some tissue. This was new to him and I was the first woman he was kissing. We had to cut short this game as I heard sdomeone coming. It was dangerous to get caught and so I pulled myself away from him unwillingly. Yes ! there was a couple coming our way and we pretended as if we were resting. I let them pass and then signalled Ramesh to get up. I was that his shorts had wet spots of cum some places. I smiled to myself and said,
	" Ramesh I will come to your room in the afternoon. Please keep the 'paintings' ready. Ok?"
	He nodded, still feeling nervous. And we parted. My choot was wet and dripping and I had to relieve myself as soon as I reach home! As soon as I reached home I saw my Father in law reading the news paper in the living room. He smiled knowingly at me and signalled me to come to him. I went to him with my heart throbbing like a teenage girl. He removed the paper from his lap and I had a shock! His lund was out of his lungi and was saluting me. I obediently went near him and sat at his feet. I moved my mouth to his cock and took it inside my mouth. He was so big! 
	" Soonbai! Did you enjoy the jogging with Ramesh?"
	I nodded and looked at him. I sucked him feverishly with my mouth acting like a suction machine. He whispered that MIL was in the bedrrom, sleeping and my husband was also sleeping and that he had bolted their door from outside. I was relieved! Now I could make love to my Baba without any tension. I moved my tongue over his cock as I sucked on the rod and FIL moaned,
	" Ahhhhhh Zavade! Chokh maza Lawadaa! Aahhh ghe ghashat! Oohhhhhh kaya mast chokhates ga tu soonbai! Aahhhhhhh!"
	I felt his cock throbb and  I had to stop sucking him! I got up and openeed my salwat nada standing in front of my loving baba. He was surprised!
	" ohhhh Baba! Mazi pucchi khoop ooli zali aahe ho! Teela mothha lawada paheje! Ramesh cha lavada chokhun me pharach garam zali aahe ho! Zava maala! Zava tumachya ladakya soonela! Zaaaavvvaaadiii ssooobnnbbaai! Thamba meech chadhate tumchya lavadyavar!"
	Saying so I lowered my salwar and facing opposite to him, I sat on his hard lund! I was facing opposite to hima nd I brought my choot on his lund and sat on his lap, just like a little girl.as my choot was geelee his lund easily entered my choot upto my cervix. My legs were touchinh the floor and I jumped on my FIL's lund resting my feet on the floor. I had never fucked in this position. Father In law caught hold of my breasts, over my kamiz, from behind and kneaded them hard. He was not satisfied! He pushed his hands all the way inside my kamiz and kneaded the naked fleshy globes. I was jumping on his lund like I was mad and every time he touched my cervix and his lund rubbed the entire vaginal walls. He was giving me vaginal stimulation with his lund and this is great, readers! When a solid hard lunds penetrates the depths of vagina, a woman always experiences strong orgasm. I was mad and murmered,
	" Ohhhh Baba! Zava maalaaa! Tumachya lavadyne maazi pucchi ghusaloon kadha! Aaaaahhhhhhhh ! kay majja vateye tumhala zavatana. Ohhhhhh BABA! Maala rameshcha lavada hawa aahe ho! Taja taja, na zavalela! Madat karal maala?'
	oohhh pori! Karen ki! Maazya soonaabaila zavun ghyala aavadate na? Maag mee madat karen. Baara aata lavakar zavmaala. Tuzi sasoo uthel!"
	i was hot and he was hot ooo! I increased the speeed and rode his lund faster. He too started to fuck me from below and soon I felt his hot cum spraying into me deep. I blasted too and my chooot juiced. I came and came and felt my legs going weak. I bent back and rested my back on FIL's chest in relaxation. He was still holding my boobs and he pressed them hard and asked me to get up. I got up and felt our combined juices running down my thighs. I wiped it and licked my fingers, teasing him. It was best quickie I had recently.
	I went to my room and slept next to my husband, with his fathers cum inside my choot! Sunil felt me climb in the bed and woke up. He had to finish his bath and then go to office. But I could not get up! I told him that I had just returned from the jogging and that I was tired. I slept again thinking of the virgin lund of Ramesh! I wanted him in my choot! I wanted to teach him all about it.
	When all went to their work I went to my FIL and told him that I was going to Ramesh. He was happy and wished me good luck. He made me suck his lund and I sucked happily. I was becoming hot slut! I was ready to do anything for my pleasure. Ohh god!
	I wore simple sari and went to Ramesh's flat. This was the first time I entered the building. There were people who knew me but I did not bother. I rang the bell and Mrs Kulkarni opened the door.
	" I want to meet Ramesh. I have come to him to see his paintings."
	"Ohhh! I know you. You star opposite to us . I have seen you. Come on he is in that room."
	She pointed out to one room and I went inside. My heart was beating faster and faster just like a teenage girl going on her first date. I knocked his door and he opened it. He was surprised to see me and welcomed me. I looked around. There was one single bed there, a table and 2 chairs. His room was a typical bachelors room with all his cloyhes lying here and there. But still it was clean  I did some fast work and set his clothes to proper places. He was looking at me as I did this. Then I sat on the bed and asked Ramesh to show me his paintings. Rammesh went to the cupboard and pulled out few rools. He said he had to spread this on the bed. I got up and he placed one painting on the bed. It was a nice scenary from Mahabaleshwar and he was describing to me. I moved closer to him and my breasts touched his arm. He did not move away but pushed a little near me. This made his arm dig into my breasts and I started getting mad! 
	I then put my hand on his shoulder and rubbed my breasts on his sides. Wow he was hot and trembling. I then wrapped my hands around his neck and pulled him to me. He came in my arms and I then pushed my mputh to his and kissed him. He was trembling still. I pulled my moputh away and told him to sit on the bed whle I undress for him. I also told him to remove his clothes while I removed mine. His eyes bulged out in surprise. I wanted to go about this fucking very slow.
	I stood onfront of him and pulle dmy sari off my body, turniing around oin the process. I had deep cut blouse and No bra inside so he could see the cleavage and the entire out line of my breasts clearly. I knew he could see my dark nipples and evven the aureoles. His eyes were fixed on my chest and I threw the sari on the bed. He removed his T shirt . I looked at his chest. He had broad chest with lot of hair. His small nipples attracted me most. I wanted to show him that even male nipples can be fondled .
	I now started to remove my blouse buttons which were in the front. I removed the two buttons and more than half of my bust spilled out. His eyes were fixed on my cleavage. I looked down at my assets and smiled. The cleavage was real great site. I move ddown and removed the rest of the buttons. Now my breasts were free. They sprang out and greeted his sight. He was watching and getting worked out. His breathing became faster and he looked impatient to touch them. I remove dthe blouse and threw I tto him. He sniffed it, particularly near my  arm pit. Oohh he was smelling my arm pit through the blouse. His eyes lit up and he said,
	" Seema Vahini! Your arm pits must be smelling very good. I can smell them here on your blouse. You have nice breasts vahini! I have never seen breasts before and this is my first time to watch them in front of me."
	" Don't worry Ramesh you can smell the real thing and touch the breasts. Let me finish with my peticoat and let me show you some of my assets more closely."
	I caught the nada of my petticoat and pulle doff the knot. Then I lowered the petticoat and showed him my naval and belly button. My belly is slightly bulging and looks really fleshy. I moved m yhand over my belly andnaval and inserted a finger into my belly button. Oooohh god! I was really excited! I moved my finger around my belly button caressing it and arousing the lust within me. I then lowered m ypeticoat which got stuck to my wide hips, I wiggled my hips and let it stay right in the middle. He could see my upper portion of the hips and the curvy ass cheeks. I was with my back to him, giving his the best view of my ass. When I looked back at him, he hurriedly removed his shorts an dsat just in his underwear. I could see massive bulge down in the middle and knew he was hard. 
	I slowly removed my peticaot and threw it to him. Ramesh again smelled my choot and ass on the garment and smiled. I think Ramesh was getting more arousal with my smell and I liked that, this was something different. I turned to him and spread my legs. I was a real slut now! A seductress! I pointed to my choot and said, 
	" Ramesh this is my choot. See it is covered with small curly hair and increase the beauty of it. See it, this is the fountin of pleasure and the right button makes it flow like a waterfall."
	He was amazed to see my choot with all the beauty in it. I spread my cheeks and showed him the real thing. I caught the outer flaps and told him what it was then the inner ones! Labia ! I then pushed my finger inside the pink hole and told him that this was the hole that gives men real pleasure. I traced my finger to the top of the slit and found out my clitoris. I lightly caught it and showed it to Ramesh.
	" I want to show you this! This is the clitoris. Its like a tiny cock. It sweels when women get excited and comes out of its hood, just like your cock peeks out of the foreskin. Remember to fondle it lightly and not hard. This is very sensitive."
	He understood what I meant. I then turned around and spread my ass cheeks and showed him the position of choot hole and asshole. I spread my as cheeks and he watched how I fondled my asshole. I told him that he could put his lund there also. He was excited and nodded at me. I was totally naked and stood before Ramesh showing him the secret parts of woman. So exciting!
	I had shown him everything he should know and sat on the bed next to him. He was trembling and uneasy. I held his hand and said that he had nothing to worry about and that I would teach him how to fuck and make him expert. He looked happy now. I put my hand inside his underwear and caught hold of his lund. It was hard and throbbingand wanted release. I yanked his underpant and fished out his lund. This was the first time I  was looking at it so closely and at leisure. It was about 8 inches long , a bit dark and uncircumcised. His cock head was poking out of the foreskin and looked redish. It was not much thick I suppose but the length did matter. May be he was developing. Prominent veins were running all ove rhis lund and as I pressed it, the pisshole oozed out some precum. I took it on my finger and showed him.
	" see your lund is ready to fuck. See this sticky liquid! It is called 'precum' and is sign of excitement. The  more you are excited the more it comes out."
	I massaged his cock and squeezed it. A big drop of precum ozzed out. This was a virgin lund! I told him that we were ready to start the game!
	First kissing and foreplay. I tookhis hand in  mine lovingly and caught it finger to finger. This is one way of showing love. I felt really excited and I pulled him to me. His chest rested against my breasts and crushed the tender flesh. I put m yhands on his back and pulled him closer. Our bodies touched and I placed his hands on my neck asking him to kiss me. He put his mouth on mine and placed his lips on my lips, locking me. This was natural instinct I suppose and once you start it it goes spontaneously. Who teaches animals to fuck?
	I opened my mouth and his tongue entered in. he moved his tongue all the way inside my mouth and caress the entire oral cavity. His actions were fast and speedy. I too moved my tongue and tried at catch his tongue, we played tongue game and then I inserted my tongue inside his mouth and caressed it with my tongue.my choot was getting wetter and weter with this and my nipples too started to get hard. I had to fuck him! I put his hand on my breasts and asked hm to knead them.
	" Ohhh Ramesh! Daab maaze uroj! Ahhhhh! Bagh kaso phooglet! Oooohhhhh aare mazya stananchi baonde pan chokh na! aaaahhh chokh re!"
	Ramesh caught my breasts in his hands, one in each and predded them like a horn. His fingers dug into my soft tit flesh and my blood started to move faster throught my body. I realxed and my head moved in frenzy. I moaned loudly and put my hands over his. We together kneaded my breasts and then I caught my nipples in my thumb and forefinger.
	" Ramesh! Please catch my nipples like this and rub them hard. Yes! Like this. It feels so nice. Chol re tyaana! Aaahhhhhh! Aaata tondat ghe va lahan mula pramane chokh!"
	Ramesh rubbed my nipples and made them hard. Then he put his mouth to one nipple and started to suck on it. He was sucking like a child. Eh had his lips around htenipple and suckeled on it. Waves of pleasure passed throough my body and I held his head in my hands an durged him to suck and bite my nipples. He shifted to other nipple and sucke dit. Now both of my nipples stood hard and ramesh played with them. I then asked him to lie on the bed. I took both my breasts in my hand and wrapped his lund with them. Ohh god the hard lund rubbing my soft boobs felt so nice. I rolled my breasts around his lund and massed the hard cock. Ramesh loved this and started to push his hips in fucking motion. 
	" Zaav re mala Ramesh! Zaav maajhe uroj! Maaze stan! Aaahhhh kaya mast vatatay! Ooohhhh zaaaaavvvv naa!"
	this made him still hot and for the first time he murmured,
	" Vahini! Kaya mast stan aahet ho tumache! Aaahhh maazya bullyala changalech pakadoon thevale aahe tyannee! Chola maazya bullya var tumache stan! Aahhhh mast! Ohhhhhhh gudgulya hotat vahini!"
I then moved my breasts all over his body and gave him boob massage. His hands were now moving over my buttocks and massaged my ass cheeks. He then traced my choot slit and moved his finger all along the length. Ohh he tickled me! I had told him about the choot and he was exploring it like a new found toy. His finger pushed into my choot and he explored the inside hole with it, I wanted him inside me now! I was hot! Oohhh god! Fucking nice!
	I lay on the bed with my legs spread wide. I invited Ramesh to fuck me.
" Ohhh Ramesh! Aadhi zzaavvva maala! Maazee pucchi tujhy lavadyachi waat pahate aahe. Chal maazya aangavar ye aani ghal tuza mast motha lund maazya pucchit. Ohhhhhh! Zaaaavvvvvvvv reee maaallaa!"
	Ramesh came over my body and placed his lund on my choot. He could not get to my hole and his lund slipped along my slit. I asked him to steady himself and push hard so that he would enter my choot. But he was in great hurry and his lund could not fing my choot. It slipped along my wet choot and now touched my puckered gaand hole. Aaahhhh ! his lund pressed on my arse and I knew it would be too much for him. So I pushed my hand down and caught his lund and placed it on my choot hole. He gave a massive push and ohhhhhhh! His lund raammed itself into my choot like a knife. It went in all the way and touched my cervix. Ahhhhh my choot felt so full with his lund! I asked him to fuck me.
	" Ahhh Ramesh zaaavv maala! Aahh kiti motha aahe re tuza lavadad! Oohhh maazi pucchi phadun takalees ki tu. Chal aata aat baaher kar va zaav. Aahe ashech! Jorat! Aanakhi jorat. Ragad re tuza bullaaaaa!"
	Ramesh was now fucking me fast. He could not control his speed and fucked me hard. In and out! I placed his hands on my breasts and urged him to knead them as he fucked. He held my boobs and pressed them hard. Ohhh god it was raw action and felt nice. I lifted my legs up and took him deeper in my choot. We fucked like mad! I casually glanced at my window and found my FIL watching throgh a binoculars. Ohh god I was excited! The watching by FIL made me hotter. I moved my hips fast and reciprocate his thrusts. Ohhh god! Puuccchhhh! Fffuuccch! Fuck! Fucking sounds echoed in the room. I waved at my FIL. He did thumbs up action. I knew Ramesh wont last long and soon his lund throbbed and I knew he would cum.
	I moved my hips faster and faster and milked his lund. M ychoot muscles spasmed and I orgasmed! My choot convulsed on his lund and he came. His lund ejaculated thick hot sperm in my choot. I felt his cum spray on my vaginal walls and put my legs ove rhis ass and held him tightly inside me. He now lay prone on my body and was breathing heavily. I felt my body go weak and my legs dropped down. I had intense orgasm!
	After this I told him,
	" Hey Ramesh look ! my Father in law is watching us. He glanced a tmy window and found him stnanding in the window with the binoculars. Ramesh went pale and was afraid.
	" Vahini! Your FIL has seen us fucking! I am nervous! What will happen now? He will not like this."
	" Don't worry Ramesh! I will handle this, you come to our house tomorrow in the afternoon and I will tell you further. Ok?"
	we seperated and I kissed his lund and sucked it clean. His sperm was running down my thighs and I wiped it with my hand and licke dit, looking at my FIL through the window. He was waving at me and smiling. I told Ramesh to meet me in my house in the afternoon and told him that I had a surprise for him. We sat there for some time and I told him that my FIL has seen us and so he had to meet him tomorrow afternoon Or else we can be in trouble. He was a bit nervous but I told him not to worry. I dressed and left for my house, satisfied with fucking by his virgin lund.
End of part 18




