Dress? Sack, more like, she groused to herself. Silently. ("Never speak unless you're spoken to and even then don't say one more word than you have to.") Which is how she found herself following along behind Jack and the Doctor ("Always stay a few steps behind") in what amounted to a shapeless bag that covered her whole body ("Don't let any skin show past your wrists"), and even came with a veil to cover her face ("Keep your eyes lowered at all times").

As if anyone would be able to tell under all this, Rose fumed as she tried to pick her way over the uneven ground without falling flat on her face. ("Just remember, Rose. Any man here will happily punish you if he thinks you're getting out of line. If you feel like a small child on her very, very best manners, you're probably doing it right. Watch the other women. And don't even think about staging any kind of revolution. You could get us all killed, and besides, we need these people if we're to have any hope of getting the TARDIS fixed so we can leave.")

She reckoned most of that was overkill, the Doctor just being paranoid about how 'jeopardy friendly' she could be. At least she hoped so.

Then they actually reached the caravan. The ground had leveled out enough by that point that she was able to peer out at her surroundings and not just at her feet. She saw a few shapeless figures in brown sacks like hers being herded to the middle of the group with careless shoves, like so many nervous sheep, while the men pushed past them to the front, nasty looking swords of some kind in hand.

"Brothers, we come to you with open hands," the Doctor announced loudly as soon as they were close enough, matching actions to words as Jack did the same. "We are two alone" — apparently she didn't even figure in the headcount then — "and wish only to travel alongside you, having already been set upon by thieves." She figured that was as good an explanation as any for why they were out here in the middle of nowhere alone. Luckily the shape of the dunes made the distant TARDIS look like just one more shadow.

"So, if you have nothing left, why should we share with you?" the leader asked reasonably. It figured that charity and common decency weren't a big thing with these people.

"We have great riches waiting for us in Zara, by the sea. If you could see us safely there, we would be glad to see you amply rewarded," Jack offered with his most charming smile.

Rose's heart caught in her throat for a moment as the leader seemed to consider this. With a pointed look between the seven or eight well armed men at his back, and Jack and the Doctor standing empty handed in front of him, he shrugged. "Very well, we have enough to spare. You will be our guests."

-+-+-+-

Rose found herself tromping along with the other women while the Doctor rode on a dodgy-looking horse next to the leader up front. Jack walked with the other men who formed a protective line down each side of the caravan. He stood a bit apart, but carefully stationed himself by the women, on Rose's side. As glad as she was to have him close at hand, it probably said something that the unarmed stranger was allowed to help guard the women. They clearly weren't the most valuable property on this journey.

After a good twenty minutes she was itching to start up a conversation, any conversation, but she wasn't sure if the 'speak when you're spoken to' rule applied to other women as well. Fortunately, just as she was about to chance it anyway, the brown shape on her left leaned in a bit. "So, you are his wife?" the whisper was accompanied by a gesture towards where the Doctor was apparently having an in-depth discussion with the leader, whose name she hadn't even been told.

"No!" she whispered back, doing her best not to laugh at the thought. As much as she fancied him and would like to see them become something more, she just couldn't see the Doctor as the marrying type. The image of him sitting still long enough to actually participate in the kind of white-lace-and-tuxedo church wedding they'd just recently visited seemed more than faintly ridiculous.

"Oh, the other one then," the woman whispered back knowingly — and was that jealousy she heard? — tilting her head at Jack. Taking his cue from the other men, he was completely ignoring the women's conversation. However the smirk that lurked just behind his bored look let Rose know he was listening to every word.

"No," Rose said, with as much as a sneer as she could manage. Not that Jack's subtly smug expression faltered in the slightest. "I'm not married to anyone."

The woman's hissed gasp relayed shock just as clearly as seeing her face could have. Rose also didn't miss the quick half-step that the woman backed away, as if she thought Rose might be contagious. "But you don't show your face like a free woman!" It sounded like an accusation.

Rose was amazed these people had ever even heard of a 'free woman', but if it meant she could get rid of the stupid veil she was all for declaring herself one right off. Hand half-way to her face she reconsidered. The idea clearly hadn't pleased the other woman — probably afraid Rose would try to pinch her bloke — and so she decided not to push it. Better safe than sorry, and all that. No need to be pissing off the only people it seemed she could talk to on this trip.

Meanwhile, the first woman had apparently been relaying their conversation to the woman next to her, who also made an audible gasp of astonishment and moved closer, peering, as if to see the fabled 'free woman'. "Maybe she's new to it?" even the women's whispers carried surprisingly far in the desert silence.

"New to it?" the first woman asked in clear disbelief.

"Maybe her husband was killed by the bandits and neither of the others would take her," the second woman offered sympathetically. "Or maybe after the bandits had their way, her husband dismissed her?"

Rose choked slightly.

"Well it hardly matters. If she's not married she's a free woman now."

"You should be kinder to her," the second woman chided. "It could happen to any of us."

"Not to me!" The first woman's voice was definitely louder than a whisper now, and at a curious glance from one of the men she dropped it quickly. "I'm a good wife, I please my husband, cause no trouble, and would die before I let anyone have their way with me. If my husband died, any man here would take me in!"

The second woman just shook her head and gave up. But she joined the other women in keeping a distinct distance from Rose. Being a 'free woman' around here didn't sound like such a good thing anymore. She chanced a look at Jack, but his face was expressionless. Great. She'd just better not end up married to one of the locals before the trip was over.

-+-+-+-

The women studiously ignored her from that point on, which left Rose to concentrate on not tripping over anything, how hot it could get inside of one of these sack 'dresses', how much her legs were aching from the endless march, and how very much she was wishing she'd stayed in the comfort of the nice, cool TARDIS after all.

Not that she'd admit that last one to the Doctor.

Finally, as it began to get darker, the leader raised his hand and the whole little parade stopped. Rose almost fell again, her legs being so used to walking on automatic that it took them a minute to remember how to be still. The other men and women swung into action, setting up small tents and cook fires with the ease of long practice. Rose stood next to Jack, unsure if she was supposed to be helping (and really hoping she wouldn't have to), when one of the larger men swaggered up to them.

"My wife says this one's a free woman," he announced to Jack, looking like he was trying to size her up under all that fabric. "Let's get a look at her face before I decide whether she's worth having some fun with tonight."

Rose's stomach clenched as the penny dropped. 'Free', as in 'free for the taking'. By saying she wasn't married, she'd told the women she was a slag. The Doctor would have his sonic screwdriver on him at least, but he was still up ahead speaking to the leader. All she could see was the wicked looking dagger on this bloke's hip, shining in the firelight.

"Women's gossip," Jack said dismissively from behind her, making her jump.

The man frowned, clearly disappointed and looking ready to argue. "They say she's not married." He nodded back towards where the women had gathered in a huddle to watch.

Jack put a hand firmly on her shoulder. "She lies," he announced in apparent disgust. Before she could realize what he was doing Jack had raised his hand and slapped her across the face. At the same time his hand on her other shoulder shoved back and down, making her recoil far more than the blow actually merited, especially given the fabric padding her.

Rose decided she could really learn to appreciate the talents acquired by a con-man.

Jack had obviously been taking notes earlier as well. "Her husband was killed by the robbers, so I took her in. She's my wife." The hand on her shoulder moved to the back of her neck, reminding her with a push to keep her head bowed submissively. Given the apparent alternative, Rose had no problem with that.

The bloke who'd approached her was clearly disappointed, but backed right off. "Stupid women," he spat, looking over his shoulder to where the huddle had already melted away to their separate tasks. "You should teach yours better manners!"

"Believe me, I will," Jack agreed in a warning tone that would have had her protesting automatically only a few minutes ago.

As the man left, Jack turned without a word and followed him towards where the men seemed to be assembling. Rose fell into step just a bit behind him, unsure what she should be doing, but unwilling to risk being caught alone around here. The Doctor was looking back by now, concerned, but he smiled as he saw them approaching.

The man who'd confronted them walked right up to the leader and spoke a few words. The result being the leader actually looked at her just long enough to glare and spit on the ground. Gossip of a 'free woman' in the camp must have traveled fast. Rose shuddered.

As they reached the group, the leader spoke again in a booming voice. "Well, Doctor. It seems your friend there has a new wife seriously in need of training, so I suggest we let him get on with it. But you must join us at the fire and entertain us with tales of your travels!"

Rose had seen that shell-shocked look on the Doctor's face before, and hated seeing it aimed at her. She wanted to explain, but knew better than to say anything. The damned veil meant she couldn't even meet his eyes. He looked to Jack for a moment, then turned his back, tension evident in every line, and followed the leader to the evening's main campfire without a word.

One of the women, Rose couldn't even tell which one, lead Jack to a tent on the edge of camp. Rose dutifully followed, tears welling in her eyes under her veil.

Once inside the tent, Jack made sure the flap was securely closed, then collapsed down next to her in the near dark. He hardly had a choice, as there was no room to actually stand upright. "Rose, are you all right?" he asked, reaching for her veil.

She flinched at the movement; She couldn't help it. And when she saw the hurt look that brought to Jack's face, the tears wouldn't be held back anymore.

"Rose, I had to, or they would never have believed me. I'm so sorry."

She just shook her head, unable to come up with words. Suddenly the enveloping folds of her outfit were too much; She was smothering. Clawing at them, she didn't stop until the brown cloth was piled on the floor, flung to the far side of the tent. Rose felt suddenly naked in her sleeveless top and shorts, but she didn't care and practically climbed into Jack's lap, tears running down her face.

He held her tight, stroking her shoulder and murmuring soothing words until she stopped sobbing. Suddenly aware of where she was, she awkwardly drew back to her side of the tent again, her face red with slightly more than crying. She tried to wipe her face on the back of her hands, and was grateful the moonlight coming through the tent walls wasn't brighter.

When Jack smiled and held out a handkerchief, she started giggling. "You brought a handkerchief?" she asked, gesturing vaguely at his simple outfit before accepting it.

"You never know, they tend to come in handy," he said. His smile wavered a moment as he reached for her face. "I didn't get you too hard, did I?" he asked, trying to angle her face to see it better.

She blew her nose and shook her head. "No, I barely felt it. Bet it looked pretty impressive though. Nice trick."

"I try."

She smiled. "O.K., so as long as we say we're married, I'm safe, right?"

"Yeah, you should be. I can't believe we didn't plan for this."

"Well, as impressive as you both like to think you are, you can't think of everything." Rose tried to shrug it off. "Thanks for the rescue, though. You think everyone will believe it?"

Jack actually looked embarrassed at that. "Well, I don't think there's actually anything to believe. I'm pretty sure by their laws we are married now."

"What?"

He sighed and leaned back. "I said you were my wife and nobody argued it. I think that's all it takes around here."

"No ceremony?"

"That was the ceremony."

"You didn't even have to ask me?" Rose protested, but knew as she said it that it made perfect sense. After all, who asked a sheep if it wanted to be sold? "How soon until we can get off this bloody planet?"

"Now, don't slander the whole planet. On the eastern continent there are some lovely countries with much more relaxed societies. You'd probably like it over there. I visited a city there once, Roue, where they were much more relaxed...."

Rose swatted him. "Hey! You're married now! Behave yourself!"

"So was the guy who tried to come on to you," Jack reminded her with a smirk. "Somehow I don't think that's a problem here."

"Men are pigs!"

Jack laughed. "Not all of us! I bet you don't think the Doctor's a pig."

Rose's face fell. She hadn't wanted to think about him. Or about the last look she'd seen on his face.

"Hey, now. Don't worry about him," Jack offered soothingly. "He understands."

She just looked at him for a moment.

"Well, he will understand once he thinks about it." Another moment of silence. "I'll be sure to explain it all to him tomorrow, o.k.?"

"It's not like it matters anyway." Rose knew she was coming dangerously close to pouting, and she didn't care.

"What, as if a blind person couldn't see you're in love with him?" She refused to meet his eyes, fiddling absently with the hem of the blanket she was sitting on.

"He's in love with you too, you know."

She couldn't help it, she glanced up for a moment, wanting it to be true. Jack grinned in response and she ducked her head again, giving a little snort of disbelief — whether at herself or at Jack she wasn't sure.

"You couldn't tell by me," Rose sulked. Her head came up suddenly. "And just what are you doing with me alone in a tent, all 'married' even, and talking about the Doctor?" Jack looked startled by her outburst. "That's it, isn't it. You don't fancy me at all, you fancy him. And he fancies you right back and I'm the third wheel here!"

"Rose—"

"He probably wasn't even upset I'd gone and gotten myself married, he just wants you all to himself!"

Rose's outrage was silenced by the feel of Jack's lips on hers, warm and soft, and all she could think as his tongue slid inside her mouth was that maybe Jack was just as impressive as he said he was....

By the time he pulled back she was panting and must have looked a sight. He kept one hand under her chin and she made no move to pull away.

"Trust me, Rose," he said seriously. "I want you more every day I know you. But I like my key body parts just the way they are, and I'm not going to risk having them forcibly rearranged by a certain angry Time Lord."

That brought Rose out of her daze. "He doesn't own me, you know. Won't even make a move himself—"

"I know that, and if I thought you felt for me anything like what you feel for him, I'd be happy to take my chances." His hand moved to forestall her protest. "But you don't," he said easily. "At least not yet." And the knowing little smirk was back.

"And yes, the Doctor certainly has his appeal, and I might be able to bring him around someday, but not until this thing with you two is settled." He looked at her for a moment, clearly piecing things together. "Is that why you insisted on coming on this trip? To save the Doctor from my evil wiles?"

He was laughing, and Rose felt obliged to swat him again. "Back in London he explained about you being all 'flexible' when it comes to 'dancing', and he hasn't made a move on me in months, but after just a few days you two are all best mates, and...." She trailed off, realizing how ridiculously jealous it all sounded.

"And you were worried I'd snap him up while you weren't around." Jack was still laughing, but it had settled into more of an indulgent chuckle. "You two really are a pair, aren't you?" Rose scowled, but it didn't seem to phase him. "I don't suppose a liberated twenty-first century woman such as yourself ever thought to make a move on him?"

She blushed. "I wasn't sure if he... I mean he's an alien you know. And sometimes it seemed like he wanted... but then other times he didn't. And if I was completely out of line he might make me leave."

Her face had to be as stricken as her voice, because Jack stopped even smirking at her. "Trust me, Rose." And rather belatedly she realized that she really did. "I don't know all that's going on in that Time Lord brain of his, but if he turns you down, it won't be for lack of interest. And I don't think he'll kick you off the TARDIS for trying."

She sighed. "Really?"

"Really. Now lie down and get some sleep. They'll probably start early so they can make Zara tomorrow."

Rose nodded and lay down, rolling towards the tent wall.

"And don't worry," he said as he laid down beside her. "I do know how to be a gentleman."

She snickered. "Don't go straining anything on my account."

He groaned and she could feel him roll over in the other direction. "You two really are going to be the death of me."

Rose lay there for a moment. She felt free: Free of the danger, free of the uncertainty, free of the fear. Free of that damned robe she'd sweated in all day.

She listened to the muted sounds of the camp, of loud laughter from the campfire, and smiled. Just before her eyes closed, she jerked awake again, half sitting up. "What did you mean 'not yet'? Because I'm not some slag like they said. I don't cheat!"

"And I'd never ask you to, Rose." The tone was sleepy but amused. "But no one ever said you could only be flexible in pairs."

"Oh." It came out as an inarticulate huff of breath as she flopped back down on her side. Actually, people had said it. In fact, where she was from, pretty much everyone said just that. But she wasn't on Earth. She wasn't in the twenty-first century any more. Maybe her dilemma wasn't such a problem. Did that make her a slapper after all? It wasn't as if she'd just do anyone. The thoughts spun around in her head as she lay there.

It was a long time before she fell asleep.