The palace existed within a fortress, massive and meant to repel even the Wraith. Within the palace existed the Seven-Walled City. As the fortress and the palace belonged to the Rale, the Seven-Walled City belonged to the Haralim, his sister and first wife. 

It swallowed them. 

At first it meant nothing to McKay that they belonged to the Haralim herself. To Sheppard it just meant their escape would be that much harder. But they tried at the first opportunity. They tried and failed. They made it past five of the walls before they were caught, which impressed the guards who caught them enough to give them an extra beating. 

The Haralim was waiting when they were dragged back, bruised and dirty, manacled again after only a day free of the heavy bonds. 

McKay wanted to yell at her, to shout that they weren't slaves, no one could do this to them, that he had to get back to Atlantis and find a way to save the city and then, hey, maybe the entire Pegasus galaxy when he had five free minutes to devote to beating the Wraith. He wanted to kill the bastards that bloodied Sheppard's mouth when they were caught, used a club on his ribs, wanted to threaten vile and grandiloquent revenge on the Haralim and all the Selketi. Self-preservation squeezed his throat shut on any words and he was horrified to realize he'd already absorbed the first lesson of their slavery. 

He would be silent rather than risk the whip. 

Sheppard hadn't accepted it yet. While the guards pushed them both to their knees on the cool tile before the Haralim, Sheppard slurred irreverent, smart-alec remarks. 

"Bow," one of the guards demanded. A heavy hand on the back of McKay's head forced him down until his face was mashed against the floor. The blue tile was cool and almost soothing against his nose and cheek. He wished he could stay there and not look up, but he heard Sheppard curse and another scuffle, punctuated with the thunk of chains hitting flesh. 

He had to turn his head and look. 

Four guards had Sheppard pinned face down to the floor. One of them crouched with a knee on Sheppard's back. Sheppard was still fighting, bucking against them with more desperation than technique, and McKay realized that he just couldn't stop. For Sheppard, if he stopped fighting, it would be giving in; he wouldn't be Sheppard after that. 

His gaze caught Sheppard's good eye—the other was swollen shut—for an endless interval. He could see so much. Sheppard didn't expect McKay to fight—didn't want him to—this wasn't about escape now, it was a fight to keep something whole inside him. 

It terrified McKay, because he thought it would get Sheppard killed. 

He managed to kick at his own guard and throw himself against the legs of one of the men holding Sheppard down. He didn't stop to think about it. He just did it, knowing as well as Sheppard did that it only a gesture. 

He did it anyway. 

He kept fighting, trying with awkward blows to pull even one of them off Sheppard. 

Somewhere in the struggle, Sheppard flipped over. McKay's elbow smashed into a guard's nose, making him cry out. Sheppard managed to use his chains as weapons. 

It wasn't enough. 

The bright, leaf-shape of spear point came to rest against the base of Sheppard's throat. Sheppard went still other than the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed in hard pants. McKay froze as the blade just split Sheppard's skin, staring in stomach-heaving fright at the trickle of red that oozed down the side of Sheppard's neck. He was practically limp as two guards pulled him away. 

"Hara, we should make examples of them," the guard holding the spear to Sheppard's throat said. 

"No." 

She wore green silk and gold bracelets covered her forearms. They rang against each other as she approached. 

"Hara—" 

"Untrained," she said. She touched Sheppard's shoulder with one sandaled toe-tip. "Any other owner would have you whipped bloody and raw in the center courtyard for running. For the guards you killed, you would be killed, too." 

Sheppard lifted his head, forcing the spear point deeper. "Don't let me stop you." 

"Don't—Sheppard, don't, it's not worth it," McKay whispered. "Fuck live free or die." 

Sheppard gave him a sidelong look that managed to say, 'Yes, it is,' despite the damage to his face. 

The Haralim crouched in a pool of skirt next to Sheppard's head. Her fingers were darker than his skin. She trailed them over his brow, then his cheekbone, and down to his jaw, which she grasped cruelly. 

"Still, I bought you for a purpose you have yet to serve and serve it you will." 

She looked up and nodded to another slave, older and wrinkled, dressed in loose cotton trousers and a vest. A fringe of gray hair circled the man's balding skull. 

"Tei'ayas, bring me the medicinals." 

McKay caught his breath, suddenly apprehensive. It wasn't the word or the way she said it: it was Tei'ayas' reaction, the flinch in the older man's brown eyes. He hurried away, his bare feet slapping on the tiles. 

The Haralim released Sheppard's chin and traced a fingertip over his split lips. 

"You must be punished." 

"Great," Sheppard said and his voice cracked a little high. 

The Haralim smiled. 

Tei'ayas returned with a inlaid wooden box. He presented it to the Haralim on both hands, sinking down on his knees before her. 

She opened it with a key brought from among the necklaces around her neck and drew out a vial of amber liquid. The light from a high window gleamed through contents the color of honey. 

Even the guards looked sick. 

"Hold him still," she told the guards. She opened the vial, knelt again, and brought it to Sheppard's stubbornly closed lips. "This is called moa. It is a poison." 

"Poison!" McKay sputtered and received another blow to the side of his head. 

The Haralim eyed him sidelong. "In sufficient doses. This will not kill you." 

"What will it do?" McKay demanded so that Sheppard wouldn't have to open his mouth. 

She smiled. "Punish him." She dug the fingers of her other hand into the hinge of Sheppard's jaw. "Drink it. It will leave you unmarked." 

"Don't—" McKay said as the Haralim added, "Or I will take the noisy one back to the market and sell him." 

Sheppard open his mouth and drank. The movement of his Adam's apple made the spear point still at his throat dig in again. 

The Haralim rose. 

"Take them back to their room and lock them in," she commanded before walking away. "Remove the chains. They won't be necessary." 

"Vai, Hara," the guards chorused. 

McKay got to his feet on his own, but Sheppard stumbled and sank back to his knees. One of the biggest guards, bigger than Ronon, bigger than Teal'c back at the SGC, slung Sheppard over his shoulder, carrying him like a sack of grain. 

As McKay staggered into the room—cell, McKay thought—thanks to a hard push, the big guard dropped Sheppard's limp body onto the single bed. "Give him water," the guard said in a voice too low for anyone else to hear as he passed McKay. He unlocked the manacles from Sheppard's wrists and ankles, taking them with him, while his even less talkative partner removed McKay's chains. 

The door shut with the heavy clunk, followed by the clunk and click of the lock turning. It was a plain room, with nothing but the bed, a window set high on one wall, some sort of chemical lamps, glass balls holding faintly glowing blue gel, and a washroom beyond an open doorway offset behind a carved wooden screen. Stone walls, tiled floor, and the bed, which at least had blankets. 

McKay rubbed his wrists nervously. 

"Not exactly home sweet home." 

Sheppard, lying in a sprawl on the bed, groaned. 

McKay made it over to the bed and crouched there. Sheppard was already sweating, glassy-eyed and pale. He groaned again. 

"Colonel?" 

Sheppard flinched and clutched his hands over his ears. 

McKay reached for his shoulder. When his fingers brushed Sheppard's skin, he convulsed, crying out. 

McKay snatched his hand back. "I'm sorry, what, what is it doing to you?" Sheppard's skin had been burning like a man with a deadly fever. 

Sheppard didn't manage to answer. He curled into a fetal ball and began rocking. 

McKay remembered the guard's advice. He ducked into the washroom and found it had running water and even a drinking glass. He filled it and came back to Sheppard on the bed. Sheppard drank the water with a little coaxing. Then McKay perched on the edge of the bed as near to him as he could without touching, where Sheppard could see him, and waited. 

Sheppard wasn't speaking, just breathing in gusting inhalations and exhalations through his nose, his jaw clenched. McKay figured he had to be hurting bad. Sheppard usually joked through anything, even getting shot, until he passed out. 

Except Sheppard never passed out. He began screaming.