Webslut Madison
byRockwellray0©

Webslut Madison Ch. 22

Madison cleanses her wardrobe of wholesome choices.

"I can't believe I'm actually doing this," Madison said as she sat down on the bed. She looked at Dan, awaiting his reply.

"You know, you don't have to - I mean - no one is putting you up to this but you. It was your idea anyway."

"Yeah, I know," she replied. It was the second day of January, and she had just come back into town after being away visiting her family over the holidays. And now, as she had been planning, it was time to rid herself of any modest clothing. She had planned it for weeks, buying a few sexy and revealing items and wondering what her life would be like.

"It's just - you know. Going to class every single day with my midriff exposed, bellybutton out, cleavage..." she trailed off, imagining waking up in the morning and going through her closet, only to find that every single top inside bared her stomach. She imagined wanting to dress more modestly, but not having a choice, reluctantly selecting a top that was perhaps less revealing than the others, but still knowing that she was going to class looking like a whore.

"Yeah, but this is what you wanted, isn't it?"

Madison bit her lip and nodded. "Not just wanted, needed, I need to - I guess, to - make sure I always feel like - like a slut. I know I need it. My pussy craves it, I just can't stop myself." Madison looked over at the camera recording her, then back to Dan.

"So, you - you said you had some rules you were going to follow?"

"Yep. So - the first rule is - umm - my stomach. It needs to be exposed every day, 24/7. And not just like a peek. Exposed enough that it counts. So, like - at a minimum, if I put my fingers together like this," she said, holding her hand so that her index finger through her pinkie were closed together and her thumb stuck out as far as it could, "when I touch my stomach with these four fingers, they all have to touch skin. So at least four fingers of my - my stomach, on display, every day." Madison inhaled and exhaled nervously as she looked at the camera.

"And what are you going to do with the tops you have that don't - you know, ones that are too long?"

"I - well - I have to either cut them so they follow the rule, or I'm going to get rid of them - donate them. So I won't have any choice."

"What about dresses?"

"I don't wear that many, but - the ones that - you know, sentimental ones, prom dresses, formal gowns, I have a couple - those are all at my parents' house. Not like I would wear those on a walk to class anyway, but they're effectively gone. And the rest? I have to either cut them into a crop top and skirt, or cut out big holes in them to expose my stomach and probably my sides and back, like - there would just be little strips holding the top and bottom parts together."

"So every top gets a score, one, two or three. And the one point tops are ones where i can barely put four fingers on bare skin."

"And the two point tops?" Dan asked.

"Those show a little more. So ones where maybe if I put two hands on my stomach, somewhere between five and eight fingers worth of skin exposed."

"And three points?"

"Those are the more, you know - extreme ones - ones that I can put eight fingers next to each other on bare skin up and down my stomach. Some of them are short enough my bra comes out when I raise my arms. A lot of them barely cover my tits - or, that's the goal, anyway."

"And why do the points matter?"

"I can only wear two one point tops a week, Monday through Friday. And one day, Monday through Friday, I have to wear a three point top each week. It's basically to force me to show off more around campus and stuff. So if I have a big presentation, or my parents come to town, you know - I'm probably going to want to save the one points for those days."

"What if you had three big presentations in a week?"

"I guess I'd have to wear a two point top to one of them," she said, smiling.

"And what's the point of all this?"

"I want to - I guess, to - make myself look like a whore, so I always get stared at, I feel used, like a slut. A piece of meat. I want to not have a choice anymore."

"Wow, you fucking slut," Dan remarked. Madison smiled. "What about bottoms?" He asked.

"Well, I - so - first of all, no shorts that come down below my thumb," she said, placing her arms to her sides. "No skirts longer than the ends of my fingers."

"It's like the high school dress code but in reverse!" Dan said with a laugh.

"Yeah, kind of," Madison admitted. "If it was modest enough for high school it's definitely too modest for the slut I'm turning into."

"And pants?"

"Pants only if the temperature is fifty or below," she said. "Same with jeans. And - oh, nothing covering up my bellybutton. Pants - like yoga pants - have to be at least three fingers under my bellybutton."

"And what if you have an interview or something?"

"Interviews, awards, stuff like that - I can buy a new, modest outfit for it but I have to get rid of it immediately after. And I have to have a plug up my ass to remind me I'm a slut."

"I can just imagine you now, sitting in an interview with a plug up your ass, feeling like you need to strip down because you aren't used to wearing that much."

"Yeah," said Madison, laughing. "I guess I'm going to get used to dressing like a slut, won't I?"

"So, what's the plan for cold weather? I mean, it's January now - will you be able to wear jackets, coats, warm yourself up? Or just freeze your ass off in half a shirt all winter?" Dan asked.

"Well, I - honestly, I thought about it. And it's not that I don't want to do that because I'm afraid of what people will think. I'm really beyond that, you know? Beyond being - like, I can't - I'm a slut. I don't deserve to care if people think I'm a slut. You know? It's going to feel humiliating, it's supposed to, and that's good. It's what I want. It's what I deserve, really. And it really turns me on. But it's just - do I really want to freeze my ass off all winter just to prove I'm a slut? So I've decided I can wear jackets and coats when it's below 55 degrees. And only outside, the minute I come in I have to remove it. And I can't zip or button them, so my belly is going to be out all the time."

"Anything else?"

"Yeah, so - when it's below freezing I can wear long coats, unzipped of course. But if it's above freezing I have to wear little cropped jackets that are a little too small, so I couldn't zip or button them even if I wanted to."

"Sounds like a plan."

"Yeah. I mean, the whole idea, and what I'm going for, is that I won't be able to cover up. Won't ever be able to fully cover my stomach, and in fact, most of the shirts I will have to wear will be so short it will be obvious - or at least seem like - I want to show it off, want to be looked at, stared at, catcalled."

"What are your professors and classmates going to think?"

"Probably there same thing everybody else will. That I'm a slut. That I want to be stared at. That I want to get fucked, used. Forced into sex. That I'm a whore. That I'm easy. That I'm showing off my body on purpose, that I'm stupid for dressing like that. Hopefully they'll even think I'm just such a horny slut I can't let myself cover up. That sort of thing."

Madison stood up and stripped down to her bra and panties as Dan asked her one more question.

"Any more rules?"

"Just that - I can't wear panties with skirts or dresses. And I have to have the word slut written somewhere on my body at all times."

"And why is that?"

"Two reasons, really. First, I need to remind myself of what I am. Even if it's totally covered, I will know it's there. And second - every time decide to fuck somebody it will be there the minute I take my clothes off, and if they didn't know it already, they'll know what I am when they see it. Hopefully they use me hard," she said, licking her lips when she finished speaking.

Now down to her bra and panties, Madison turned her attention to her closet. She first pulled out a long knit sweater.

"So, um - if you break a rule - like, say you forget to write slut on your body one day. Or you wear panties with a skirt. Or you wear jeans or a coat when it's too warm. What happens?"

"I hadn't really thought about that," Madison admitted.

"I think you should be punished for that, don't you?"

"Yeah - yeah, I really should. But it would have to be something, like - something I truly wouldn't enjoy. You know? Like - something I wouldn't fantasize about, even at my horniest."

"Yeah. Such as?"

"Like - maybe if I forget to write slut on myself, I have to write it in big letters where everyone can see it and walk around campus for an hour or something."

"Good. Although I think you might enjoy that, don't you?"

"I don't know, maybe. But of all the crimes you mentioned, so to speak, that is probably the mildest, so maybe the punishment should be, too?"

"Gotcha. And what if you - what if you wear panties with a skirt? Or button your jacket? Or wear a coat when it's too warm?"

"I don't know. Something really humiliating. Make sure I don't forget, you know. Something so disgusting even I would find it horrible."

"And what would that be?"

"I don't know."

"How about this - are you into drinking piss, or being pissed on?"

"Eww! No!"

"Perfect. If you do any of those things, you'll drink a cup - eight ounces - of your own piss. And make a video of it and explain why you're being punished. Sound good?"

"Sounds disgusting," Madison admitted. "Sure, I think that would work."

"And if you break down and buy or borrow something to cover up in a moment of weakness - what then?"

"Hmm. I really don't think I will, Dan."

"But you need to have a punishment set up in advance, I think, to keep you from being tempted. Don't you agree?"

"Yeah, probably."

"So how about this - if you break the rule saying what you can wear...hmm. You could go whore yourself out to a complete stranger for ten dollars. Or you could go to a gloryhole and suck bare dick for two hours. Or you could piss in your toilet, drink a cup of the piss water, and then scrub it clean with your tongue. Or maybe be chained or tied up and kept in a closet for 24 solid hours, naked, with nothing but water every six hours and without being allowed out to pee or eat."

"Wow. So, um - no to the first two."

"Why?"

"Because that sounds like something horny slutty Madison would actually enjoy."

"So the toilet or the closet?"

"Yeah. Maybe have to flip a coin for it?"

"Sure."

"Okay."

"So, Dan - what about this?" She said, holding up the sweater.

"Too long. Cut it or toss it."

"I think I'm going to cut it. I like this one. Can you help me?"

"Sure." Madison pulled the sweater on and handed Dan a pie of scissors.

"Here?" He asked, pointing a couple inches above her bellybutton.

"Higher."

"Okay, here?"

"Higher. I'm a slut, Dan. Cut it right under my tits."

Dan took the scissors and slowly cut the fabric, encircling her body until all she was left with was a homemade cropped sweater that, had it been any shorter, would have showed the bottom of her bra.

"This is kind of sad, you know? I mean - I have - it's sad to see these things go."

"Yeah, but you know you need this. I mean, you know you're a slut when you constantly go to class looking like a slut. Besides, this was all your idea," Dan reminded her.

"Yeah. I know you're right," she said. "It's just - you know, I guess it's not the fact that I have to look like a slut that bothers me. I actually really want that. It's making my pussy wet just thinking about it. But just cutting up or throwing away nice clothes - it's just sad in a way, you know?"

Madison returned to her closet and pulled out a three- quarter sleeve polka dot blouse. "Like this one - my parents got this for me for my birthday. And now what?"

"Cut it or toss it," Dan said with a smirk.

"I don't know, Dan!"

"If it was up to me, I'd cut it. Desecrate your birthday present, if you will. Make yourself look like a total whore in it."

"Fuck, Dan. You always know how to make me dripping wet! Okay. So how should we cut this one?"

"Like you're a whore," he said. "We're going to cut it so you have to tie it closed, and so it barely covers your tits. And in the back, so you'll have to tie it at the top, up by your neck, and at the bottom, near your bra strap, and the rest of your neck will be exposed."

Soon Madison was sporting her homemade self-tie blouse. It actually didn't look horrible because the tying mechanism almost hid the fact that the hem was raw.

"Thank you, mommy and daddy! Don't I look like a good little whore?" She asked.

Madison moved on to a section of her closet containing more high-priced, name brand items and pulled them out.

"What about these?" She asked Dan. "I don't really - I mean, these things were pricey. And nice."

"I have an idea," he said.

"What?"

"We will take them to a consignment shop. Maybe you can get a few dollars to spend on something new and slutty."

"Good idea, but - I mean, does that actually work?"

"I know a place that will give you cash for stuff like this," Dan replied. "I mean, it might only be five or six bucks for a shirt, but still - if you do that ten or twelve times," he paused.

"That would buy me two or three new slutty tops," she conceded. "Okay, let's do it!"

Next she pulled out a hoodie and just looked at Dan. "Cut it," he said. "Cut it so short your bra and your cleavage hangs out."

"Dan, are you trying to make me cum just standing here?"

"No, just need to keep you the willing whore you are."

Madison proceeded to pull out camisoles, all of which were cut to show her stomach. She pulled out some T-shirts, some of which she cut to various lengths and some of which she donated. She even cut up her high school senior shirt to show a few inches of midriff, even though some of her classmates' names disappeared from what was left of the garment. And of course, some of her tops were slutty enough to keep as they were, especially the newer ones. Madison realized she hadn't bought anything but slutty clothes for months.

Finally, the task was done, after an afternoon of sorting and cutting. There was a pile for donating, which Dan volunteered to remove and take to the donation him, and a pile for the consignment shop, and the rest of the clothes that were not revealing enough had been modified and returned to the closet, which had maybe a little more than half its original contents.

"Fuck, Dan, I - all I have left - I look like a slut no matter what!"

"Wasn't that the idea?"

"Yeah, but - Dan! What am I going to wear to class on Monday! It's going to be cold, it's January!"

"I guess all our classmates will see how much you crave the attention, how you need to show off your body even in the winter. How much of a slut you are."

"I'm so turned on - hey, Dan, fuck it - I'm going to grab a bite to eat. Will you - I mean - will you write slut on my stomach before I go?"

"Sure," he said with a laugh.

"And Dan - I mean - where everyone can see it. I don't give a fuck anymore, or maybe I'm too horny. I just want everyone to know."

"Sure thing. Need some company?"

"Not this time. I think a random dick in my ass is what I need for this one."

Dan shook his head. He gave Madison a kiss. "You are really a dirty fucking slut."

"I know. And pretty soon the whole school is going to know."

"If they don't already," Dan countered.

"So what are you going to do when half the guys in class want to fuck you?" He continued.

"I don't know," she said as she bit her lip.

"Let them?" Dan picked up a marker and wrote the requested word just below Madison's navel.

"Do you really think I'll be able to stop myself from doing that?"

"No," he said.

"Me either."

"Okay, well - have fun at dinner," he said. And with that, he was gone.

Monday rolled around and Madison agonized for what seemed like hours before finally settling on an outfit. It was a balmy thirty-five degrees out, but that wasn't the issue. It was just that everything she pulled out of her closet was just too revealing. Of course, Madison, like just about any cute college girl, was used to occasionally wearing midriff-baring tops. She wore them regularly when she went out to clubs and parties, and occasionally showed a little midriff in class - nothing too extreme, of course. But now, half her clothes seemed too ridiculous to wear to class even in warmer weather, and the other half might have been passable as normal if the weather was warm - but this was January.

And on top of that, Madison knew that if she did choose a less-revealing top, she would just be setting herself up to be forced to wear something ridiculous later in the week. She couldn't win.

So Madison tried on one revealing top after another - a black, long-sleeve crop polo that barely covered her tits, a frilly lavender button-front top that had been cut in half, a tan sweater that maybe showed three inches of midriff. "No," she said almost instantly to the black one. "Too short." She knew she'd have to wear something like that by the end of the week, and her heart pounded thinking about it, and her pussy throbbed and dripped - but she couldn't bring herself to do it. Not on day one.

"People are going to know I did it on purpose - like I want to show off - if I wear the cut up one," she thought as she looked at the lavender one. "So, no." She tried more options, rejecting them for one reason or another, mostly because they were too revealing. And then she argued with herself. "What if it gets freezing cold at the end of the week and I'm stuck in something super tiny?" She thought. But in the end, it was a chance she decided to take, and she soon found herself pulling the tan sweater over her head.

Madison paired the sweater with a pair of tight black jeans. Even though she was thin, the jeans squeezed her hips and lower stomach, and the belt she added with a silver buckle did not help any. She looked at herself. "What a fucking slut, Madison. And just think. This is as good as it gets. It just gets more revealing from here." She looked herself up and down. "What kind of whore goes to class wearing this in 35-degree weather?" She asked herself. But she knew she didn't have a choice. Even if she had a sudden change of heart, every top she owned was at least as revealing.

Before she left, Madison pulled up her shirt and wrote "slut" under her tits. She pulled her shirt down and pondered whether the letters could be seen through the knit material, but as it turned out, she was fine. Checking the weather again, she mumbled to herself. "Above freezing," she muttered. "Tiny jacket it is." She grabbed a black denim jacket, at least a size too small and cropped just as short as her sweater, that she couldn't even come close to buttoning.

"Okay, guys, guess you can all stare at me," she said to her reflection in the mirror. "And keep watching, because it just gets more slutty." She took a deep breath and blew herself a kiss, and headed to class.

Most of the guys in her class couldn't take their eyes off her. She sat toward the front, and as soon as she walked on the door, she felt their gaze on her stomach. Madison tried to nonchalantly turn around and sit down, as if she wasn't the least-dressed girl in class and she didn't have "slut" written under her sweater, but she knew what she was and what kind of reaction she was getting. When she sat, her sweater rode up in the back and provided a couple more inches of skin to stare at, even if most of the guys could no longer see her stomach.

Madison fidgeted a lot in class. She knew guys behind her were staring at her exposed back. Feeling like a slut, she had to remind herself to focus, and remind herself that she had better get used to it because this was her life from now on, and by the end of the week she would be forced to wear much more revealing tops. That thought drove her crazy, and all of the sudden she became aroused and started to crave it.

Madison didn't even know what her professors were saying that day. She sat there, looking down at her exposed, pierced navel, and thought to herself. "I'm a slut. Slut, slut, slut. And you know what? I like it. I like being a slut! I like showing my body off. I hope they all think I'm a slut." She bent forward and looked down between her breasts, pulling her shoulders together so that her sweater loosened its grip on her chest. "See?" She thought to herself. "Slut. Says so right there."

Then, Madison started to fantasize about performing for the class. In her fantasy, she stood up, walked to the front of the room, and raised her arms to reveal more midriff. She smiled as she pulled her sweater up, revealing the word written under her tits for the whole class. The professor stood there, dumbfounded, his mouth falling open as Madison began to speak. "Hi, um - I have an announcement. I just wanted you all to know - I'm a slut." She proceeded to pull off the sweater, quickly moving her hands to her belt buckle. Madison began to pull off her jeans, then turned around, showing her thong- clad ass to the entire class.

Madison lost control, she couldn't help herself. Shaking her ass, she put her hands on the whiteboard and stuck it out for all to see. Turning around, she slowly started to peel her thong down her hips as she approached a guy in the front row. "Help me with these?" She begged.

"Guys, I - I'm a slut, an exposed slut, Webslut Madison! Look me up online, you won't believe it. And guess what? I want you all to fuck me."

"Umm - Miss Holt, that - that's enough. We can't turn the classroom into an orgy, now could you please dress yourself and take a seat?" She turned to look; it was her professor talking.

Madison turned around, leaving her panties in the hands of the guy in the front row. "But professor - I was going to ask you to help me with my bra," she said, batting her eyelashes. She backed him up to his desk and grabbed her bra cups, pulling them down and exposing her breasts, before turning around, her tits now exposed to the class and her ass grinding on the professor's leg as she presented the clasp to him for easy removal of her bra. "And when I say I want you all to fuck me," she said, her head turned around to talk to the professor. "That includes you, too. In fact, you can go first. Show all these guys how to use a slut like me."

"Miss Holt! Madison?" She was snapped out of her daydream by her professor. "Madison, I asked you a question, did you - did you hear it?"

"Umm, sure," she stammered. "I mean - can you repeat it please?" She asked.

"Madison - please pay attention in my class. How would you feel if one of your students was in a daze in your class?"

"Oh, I'm sorry, professor! I was just thinking about - something," she muttered. "I - I wouldn't like it much, if a student did that." Madison suddenly realized that her left hand was clasped tightly between her legs, and she was desperate to feel something - anything - on her labia and clit.

"Right. So the question was," he began again...

Madison's week did not get any easier from there. On Tuesday she wore a level 2 top, a cropped sweatshirt that left about six inches of skin exposed, and the stares and weird looks - and the fantasies - just got more intense. Wednesday the temperature was down to twenty degrees, so she was back to a sweater with about three inches of exposed skin and a thick, but open, coat, which she dutifully removed once inside the building. Thursday, she masturbated furiously in the morning when she realized she had no choice but to show at least five or six inches of midriff.

Madison chose a long-sleeved T-shirt that she had cut herself to barely be a level 2, but still, at least half her midriff was exposed for all. The stares continued. She wondered if the guys in her class were starting to realize she was showing her stomach off every day, on purpose, and that she wasn't ever going to stop. The stares from the girls were getting nastier, and she thought she heard a couple guys talking about her. "I wonder what she's going to wear tomorrow?" She thought she heard as she brushed past on her way out of class.

Madison only had one class on Friday, but she dutifully wore the level 3 black polo, cropped so short that her bra was exposed if she raised her hands, and even when she lowered her hands the underside of her bra could almost be seen, and the very bottom of her breasts peeked out from under both the top and the bra. To boot, her cleavage was exposed in the V-neck of the polo. God, she felt like a slut!

Madison carefully wrote "slut" under the zipper of her jeans before zipping them up, and she even raised her hand once in class, intentionally revealing her red lace bra to the professor.

It was this day that Madison contrived another rule for herself - that she would post a selfie each morning to the porn site showing her slutty outfit for the day. When Monday rolled around, she made her first of these posts. "Just so you know what a real slut looks like," said the caption. "And so you can find me and embarrass me in front of lots of people I know." She tossed her bag over her shoulder and went to class, her stomach hanging out of a level 2 cropped navy cardigan with white polka dots that she wore with just a bra underneath.

Class that day was uneventful. Madison was even starting to get used to the guys staring at her exposed skin, the girls giving her dirty looks, and her professors vacillating back and forth between giving her disapproving glances and trying to steal a look at her midriff when they thought she wasn't looking, depending on which professor she had at the time. She was really starting to accept that she was born to be an exposed, shown-off little slut.

What surprised her that day was what happened after class, when she opened her computer and checked out her porn site page. Of course, her videos were getting more likes and more comments these days, and she swallowed her saliva thinking that it was just a matter of time before she was completely ruined. But then - she saw a post on one of the videos. "I go to school with this slut and everything she says is true," it said.

"Shit!" Madison thought. "Somebody here knows - fuck!" Her mind raced as she wondered who it could be. Maybe one of the guys in her class who had been staring at her body for the past week decided to google her and found her little trove of online exposure? "Fuck, fuck fuck!" She thought. "Shit - I'm going to get fucked! Why do I want this so much!" She said to herself as she realized how turned on she was. She started to unbutton her cardigan, suddenly needing to touch her breasts. As she did, she saw the word "slut" which she had written under her breasts, reminding her what she was.

Madison slowly traced a finger from the hem of her low-rise jeans up through her pierced navel, up to her bra. "Slut," she whispered to herself. "What are you going to do, tell everyone how much of a slut I am?" She whispered, imagining that the guy who made the post was one of her classmates. "Then again, what if it's Dan just fucking with me?" She thought. Madison just sat there for a while in her unbuttoned cardigan. Part of her wanted to masturbate. But she knew she would get more relief if she waited, somehow. Madison was starting to understand that her orgasm would be more intense if she had more to go on than just a mostly unrealistic fantasy of being outed as a slut to a few classmates. So, she ended up just sitting there, gently touching her body, tracing the outline of the word "slut" and whispering it softly to herself. "I'm a slut," she whispered. "It says so right here. Slut."

The next day was a little warmer, and Madison wore a pair of low-rise jeans with a boxy cropped mauve sweater, another level 2. She knew she would have to show more skin later in the week, and she could sense already that she would be dreading her level 3 days to an extent that she would be saving them for later in the week when she had no other choice. At least, until she got used to being viewed as a slut by her entire class and accepted it and embraced it.

Madison lifted up the bottom hem of her sweater and started to write "slut" on herself in marker, following the mandate she had set for herself. The letters she used were a little larger than she had been using, about two inches tall. She finished the job and pulled the hem of her sweater down, only to notice that the writing was a little farther down, closer to the hem of her sweater than she would have liked.

"Oh, shit," she muttered. "It's barely covered. One wrong move and it's going to - I mean - the whole class will see it. Better keep my arms down, I guess!" She briefly thought about grabbing some rubbing alcohol and taking it off and moving it an inch or so higher on her upper midriff, but as she thought about it, she reconsidered. Madison rather liked the idea of constantly thinking about what was written on her body, focusing on how to keep it covered up, knowing that one slip would show it to everyone. "God, this turns me on!" She whispered.

She raised the sweater to look at it again. The bottom of the word was barely a half inch above the bottom of the sweater. "I feel like a prisoner to my own desires," she said to herself. "I feel like a slave." She smiled at the thought. Being an actual slave was one thing she had considered doing when she eventually had her life completely ruined. Madison's thoughts started to drift away and she began to daydream. There she was, living with a guy in his mid-forties, a slave to him, naked with nipple clamps on sweeping the floor while he recorded her. "Slut" was tattooed on her stomach now, there was never any escaping it, and her rules specified that she was never to cover it, even in public, regardless of who might see it, even around friends and family it must never be covered.

She thought about the first time her parents had seen her like that, the reaction, the look on her father's face when he realized his beautiful, intelligent daughter was forever marked as a slut. Madison recalled how he seemed unable to take his eyes off the cursive letters nestled just below her navel, exposed for all to see, as she stood before him in a low-rise skirt and a tiny tube top. He didn't ask her to explain, it needed no explanation. After all, he had been aware that she had morphed from his sweet, innocent girl into the slut known all over the world as Webslut Madison. He knew she did not work, and lived with a man almost twice her age, and that she continued to expose and humiliate herself daily for the pleasure of anyone who wished to watch.

"Ohhh, fuck," Madison whispered as she looked at herself in the mirror. "Fuck, fuck! Damn it! What is wrong with you!" She wondered aloud. She slapped herself in the face, punishing herself for considering such a horrid fantasy. "Why does that get me so turned on?! God, what if that's what my life turns into!?"

Madison quickly took a picture of herself and sent it to Dan. "A little too close for comfort," she said with the picture. "Have to hope this stays covered up today!" She sat in class that day feeling completely exposed, careful not to let her writing come out. But she was getting more and more turned on.

"Dan," she texted after her last class was over.

"Yes?" He texted back a few minutes later.

Madison sat in her apartment and pulled out her phone and took a video. "I feel like a slut today. A filthy, dirty, exposed slut, and I want to get fucked like a whore." She quickly sent it to him. "Be over in a few," he replied.

"Just one thing," he said.

"What?" Madison's replied.

"Undress, clamp your nipples, plug your ass. Send me a picture of it and another one from our trip with "Webslut Madison" written on your body along with "google me" or whatever you wrote with it. Madison soon was sending Dan the requested pictures, waiting impatiently for him to arrive at the door.

"So, what has you in such a horny mood?" Dan asked when she let him in.

"I just - just wearing these clothes, I guess. Guys stared. Girls stared. One of my professors wants to fuck my brains out, I'm sure. I can tell by how he looks at me."

"So let him."

"What?"

"You heard me, slut," Dan said with a chuckle. He leaned in for a kiss, grabbing Madison by the throat.

"I would fuck him if it wouldn't get him in trouble," Madison whispered as Dan ended the kiss.

"You really are a slut," Dan said. He lightly slapped her face.

"Mmmm," Madison moaned delightfully. "And I think someone at school found me somewhere," Madison continued.

"Go on," Dan said.

"Look at this!" Madison showed Dan the post she saw earlier.

"Wow, finally. You said you wanted it to actually happen, you know."

"Yeah, I know," Madison said, trembling.

"So, did you feel like a slut today?" Dan said, stepping closer and grabbing her nipples.

"Ohhh - yes," she confessed.

"You like dressing up all skimpy and showing your body off to the whole class, don't you?" He said as he started to twist her nipples.

"Yes, yes! Ohhhh!"

"They all know you're a slut, Madison. Whether you know they know it or not, they all know you're a slut. Say it say what you are!"

"I'm a slut," she moaned softly. Dan struck her face hard.

"Louder."

Madison sniffled, recovering from the blow. Dan pushed her down on her knees and removed his shirt.

"I'm a slut," she said, a little louder. Dan just hit her harder.

"Owww!" Madison said. The blow almost knocked her backward.

"Louder."

"I'm a SLUT!" She practically screamed. "Now my neighbors know. Are you happy?!"

"I'll be happy when everyone knows. And you will too, won't you?"

Madison sniffled again and nodded.

"Suck my cock."

Madison just nodded and pulled down his pants. "God, why do I do this? Why do I let him abuse me?" She thought to herself. But she knew the answer. She loved the abuse. Not that it felt good, but that she craved the humiliation, it made her pussy drip. She opened her mouth and he thrust his cock inside.

"God, I'm such a whore!" She thought as his dick hit her throat. "Just begging for him to come and give me his cock. Showing off and teasing everyone in class!"

"Take it slut. You nasty set of holes, ohhh!" Dan moaned. "Just wait till I sell your slutty ass for five dollars to whoever wants it."

"I don't think they'd get their money's worth," Madison suggested before she engulfed his cock with her lips again.

"Why not?"

"Because I'd probably let them all fuck me for free."

"You piece of shit nasty cunt!"

"Mmmm," Madison moaned before choking softly on Dan's cock. "I love the way you talk to me."

Dan motioned you to the bed as he finished removing his pants. "Come here, you whore." He grabbed her and yanked off the nipple clamps, and she shrieked as he climbed on top of her.

"So I know you had some fantasies today. You always seem to be fantasizing about something crazy," Dan said as he started to push his cock in her. "Weird," he thought. "Her ass is plugged and I barely even noticed."

"Yeah, just about being a nasty fucking slut," she replied, moaning as he entered her.

"Yeah? Tell me about it," he said as he started to thrust his cock back and forth inside of her.

"I - I was a sex slave for a guy twice my age. A nasty, slutty slave! Ohhhh, Dan, I was such a slut!"

"And why did you become a slutty slave?"

"Because I got exposed and - ohhh, ruined, and -ohhhh, I couldn't get a job or support myself and - oh! I had no choice, he - he let me live with him -"

"And what did he make you do?"

"Ohhhh, God, I dressed like a whore all the time, forever - short skirts, ohhh - no panties - ohhhh, tiny little shirts! Ohhh! I went braless and people stared at my nipples! I went to dinner dressed like that and everyone knew I was a whore!"

"You liked it didn't you, you nasty little fuck toy? Ohhh, Madison, you're a fucking cunt!"

"Yes! Ohhh, fuck me hard and I'll tell you all about it!" Madison felt Dan start to pound her, and continued. "I fucking lived it! I made videos - ohhhh, God, I made videos every day! Gave them away for free on the internet, I fucking - ohhhh, yes yes YES! I gave them all my real name and everyone I knew found out! Ohhhh, all about me! He made me humiliate myself, ohhh, expose myself, degrade - ohhhhhhh!"

"Well you're going to end up like that you nasty slut. You're ruining yourself more every day! Ohhhh, Madison, I want to see you completely fucked over, exposed, ruined! I'm going to make sure the whole world knows about you!"

"Ohhhhh, fucking do it, Dan! He fucking made me, ohhhhh- I had 'slut' tattooed on my stomach and it was always out, yes YES! Always shown off everywhere I went so everyone knew - ohhhh! And then my parents, ohhhh, they found out, my dad was ducking staring at me like - like -"

"Like what, slut?"

"Like I'm a piece of fucking trash! Ohhhh YES make me a used up piece of trash!"

Dan stopped all of the sudden and pulled out. "Here, slut. Take my phone. Sign into Facebook."

"What?"

He slapped her hard. "You want that? Then do it."

Madison trembled as she took his phone, her fingers fumbling through her login before she gained access and handed it back to him.

Dan took it and started typing, then handed it back to her. She gasped when she saw it. There was a picture of her dressed like a slut with "Webslut Madison" written on her body. And the caption? It said "I've decided to come out as a complete and total slut today. I'm exposed all over the internet as Webslut Madison and I don't care who knows. Google me and you'll see what I mean. Please keep exposing me. This turns me on so much and I want everyone to see. I can't even cum without exposing myself and I get off on the humiliation and embarrassment."

"Oh, Jesus, Dan! Holy - what the fuck, you didn't -"

"I didn't - not yet, anyway," Dan said. He grabbed the phone and put it down on the bed and shoved Madison back on her back. She went to grab the phone, but Dan grabbed her and slammed her down and pushed his cock back inside her.

"You know you want me to, don't you, you little slut? To post it and let everyone find out what you are!"

"Ohhhhhhh shit, Dan, I - God, I'm so -"

"You're so turned on just thinking about it, aren't you!" He thrust his cock deep inside her. Satisfied that Madison would not try to undo the setup he had put together, he focused on thrusting his cock into her rhythmically.

"Ohhhhh, Dan, God, I -"

"You want it?"

"Ohhhhhh I can't help myself!"

"You fucking exposed cunt, you want it, just say the word and -"

"Ohhhh, yes, yes, Dan! Fuck me! Fuck me like the worthless little exposed Webslut I am!"

"Grab the phone and post it, cunt!"

Madison was overcome with arousal. She was scared, but horribly turned on. She wanted to stop herself, but she didn't know if she could. "God, it would be so liberating," she thought. "I'd never be able to take it back!"

"Im doing it, Dan. Im ruining myself. Here!" She picked up the phone and hit the "post" button before she could think twice.

"Now fuck me! Fuck me with your big cock! Do you like me better now? Huh? Does it turn you on to fuck an exposed humiliated slut like me?!"

"Fuck yeah! You love being an exposed Webslut, don't you? Well you're exposed for real now, slut, and everyone's going to know all about who you really are!"

"Ohhhh fuck yes, I want it so bad! Ohhhh, all my friends are going to see me!"

"Yeah, whoring around, getting gangbanged, destroying your throat!"

"And fucking girls and drinking from used condoms!"

"And fantasizing about whoring yourself out for two dollars!"

"I'm never going to get a job! Ohhhhh!"

"Your parents will be so disappointed!"

"God I'm such a slut! Ohhhh fuck me, Dan! Pound me like the whore I am! It's all I'm ever going to be! Ohhhhh god this is exactly what I wanted! I'm such a dirty cunt for wanting it and now it's happening! Ohhhhh fuck, thank you! I need this so bad, like a dirty nasty ruined slut! Ohhhhh fuck, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, ohhhhhhh!"

"I'm cumming inside your nasty slut pussy, Madison! Ohhhhh fuck you're a hot little set of holes! I'm so ducking turned on you finally decided to ruin your life for real!"

"Ohhhh fuck Dan, cum inside me, I'm so - ohhhhh I'm so fucked for real, ohhhhh fuck people are probably watching me do nasty shit right now, people I know! Ohhhhh fuck I'm cumming again!"

Dan finished inside her and slapped her face like a disgusting whore, then climbed off of her. Madison was so turned on she couldn't help but scoop the cum out of her hole and lick her fingers clean.

"Oh God," Madison said when the reality of what she had just done set in.

"What?"

"I'm really going to be ruined now."

"Maybe. Maybe not," Dan said.

"What do you mean? I'm exposed and ruined for sure!"

"I just deleted it," Dan said, handing Madison her phone.

"Oh, fuck," Madison said. "God - that was so stupid though! I mean, how long was it up?"

"I don't know, two or three minutes?"

"Yeah, so who knows who saw it while it was there."

"Yeah. I can't believe you actually posted it. I didn't think you would, I was just trying to get you all - you know."

"Yeah. Don't dare me unless you want to see me go through with it. I get too turned on to stop myself," she said with a laugh.

"Yeah, I didn't think you'd do that no matter how turned on you got."

"Seriously, though - it was so hot. Fuck, what if my friends saw that?!" She was already stroking her pussy thinking about it.

"It is what you crave though, isn't it?"

"Definitely. But - why'd you take it down? I mean - you really didn't have to." Madison was stroking her pussy more vigorously now, thinking about all that had transpired.

"Yeah, you mean you weren't going to?"

"No, I was just going to keep having orgasm after orgasm until I could be assured it had been seen and - ohhhh - that I'd get what I need."

"Which is?"

"To be completely ruined. Exposed. Blackmailed for whatever. Destroyed. Zero reputation. Disowned by my family. Ohhhh god, I need it, Dan!"

"I did it because I was afraid you wouldn't."

"But don't you like it - the idea of making me take it that far?"

"Yeah. But I knew you had a hell of an orgasm, and I know you'll go crazy orgasming, fantasizing about being permanently exposed and having your reputation ruined, and I knew I could keep you in this state of horny anticipation for a bit if I pulled it."

"Mmmm," Madison moaned as she smiled.

"Dan?" She said.

"Yes, slut?"

"Will you please fuck me again?

Dan rolled back on top of her.

"And, um - do my Instagram this time."

"Ohhhh fuck, you dumb little fucking slut!" He plunged his cock inside her again.

"Ohhhh - Dan - I mean it!" He grabbed her phone this time, found the same photo and loaded it up, and gave it to her.

"You know someone's going to see this, right?"

"I know," she said, and she posted it without a second thought.

"Ohhhh, fuck me! Fuck your little exposed slut!"

"Ohhh fuck, Madison, you're going to get your life ruined!"

"I want my life ruined, ohhhh! I want to do this every time we fuck! Every time - ohhhh - every time I fuck myself!"

"I want to expose you in class, slut!"

"Do it! Ruin me! Make me regret ever rolling those dice!"

"Ohhhhh I'll make you so famous you'll have to turn into a whore or a sex slave!"

"Ohhhh fuck! Will you make me tattoo it on my body and never cover it up?"

"You nasty fucking ruined cunt!"

"Ohhhhh I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" Madison shook hard and met his thrusts by bucking her hips. It was the orgasm she had always wanted. He pulled out this time, though, and squirted his cum all over her stomach.

"Ohhhh, fuck," Madison said at last.

"Here," said Dan. "You - I know at least two people saw it before I deleted it. Don't know who."

Madison leaned in and gave him a deep, wet kiss. She knew there was no turning back.
