
Late night gym with Laura
by jugjuggler69

Late night gym with Laura Part 1 

I work long hours during the day so I always went to my gym really late at night. It’s a 24 hour gym and after 10 pm the staff leaves and the only way to get in is by scanning your membership card. I’d usually show up around 10:30 every night. The gym was surprisingly busy during that time. I’d stated to know a few of the late night gym rats and became friends with a few of them. The bulk of the gym goers were guys around my age (26) there were a few women that would come in but none were really regulars. It was usually pretty quite and boring except for the night I walked in on a MILF chocking on her husbands dick in the locker room.

One Tuesday night I showed up a little later than usual and I was shocked to see that someone was camped out at the squat rack. By the look of their pink shaker bottle and sparkly phone case I figured it had to be a girl but they weren’t around so I decided to just wait around the rack and do some warm up exercises. A few minutes later this a gorgeous girl in a ponytail, over-sized t shirt that read “Regional Soccer Champs) and spandex shows up. Her face was all red and sweaty, you could tell she was having an intense workout. She must have caught me staring because she looked at me and gave me shy smile. I composed myself and asked her if she was going to be using the rack much longer. She said” I have a few more reps to do but I shouldn’t be long, so don’t go to far”. I laughed and told her I’d stay at the bench located right behind the rack and continue doing some dumbbell work while she wrapped up. We both put our headphones in and went our ways to do our work out. It was hard not to stare as this beautiful girl was doing squats in front of me but I didn’t want to creep her out so I did the best I could to focus on my own workout. After a few minutes I got up to get water and as I was walking back I noticed that she was stretching and was bending all the way over to touch her toes, her tight pink spandex was in full display and so was her gorgeous ass, it was fit like a runners ass but it was bigger than you would expect for a girl that’s around 5’2”. I noticed that as she bending over she was subtly looking back at the bench I was sitting at, almost like she was looking to see if I was watching her and she looked little disappointed when I wasn’t there. When I made it back to my bench she was back to squatting and I was back to focusing on how I could avoid getting a visible boner. Normally her oversized shirt would cover her spandex as she squatted but she started lifting up her shirt now and the bright pink spandex was back in full display. I could see a very faint line from the thong she was wearing underneath. A few minutes later she went to the locker room and told me to watch her stuff for a few. She came back in less than 5 minutes and started stretching, this time when I looked up at her ass I couldn’t see her panty line, it was almost like she wasn’t wearing any. I quickly realized she must have taken her thong off, I could see the outline of her pussy when she bent over now and even when she wasn’t bending over, her camel toe was in full display. It was almost like she was putting a show on for me now. I looked around the gym to see if anyone else was enjoying the show but there were only 3 other people there and they didn’t seem to notice. I was now pretending to look at my self in the mirror between sets so I wouldn’t be so obvious. During one of my rest breaks I looked up and noticed she was taking a break too and we actually made eye contact through the mirror but she pretended not to notice and then lifted up her shirt to wipe the sweat away from her face and flashed me her black sports bra barely containing what seemed to be a big pair of CC. I had no idea she was hiding those puppies under her shirt. She continued to do this frequently and for longer periods of time and I was losing my mind getting glimpses of her ass, her flat stomach and big tits I didn’t even care if I was staring anymore I couldn’t turn my head away. Then out of nowhere she turns around takes her headphones and walks over to me, I pretended to be in the middle of a set as she walked to me and to my surprise she just stood there and watched while smiling at me. I wrapped up my set after a few reps and took my head phones to show that I noticed her standing there. She made some comment about how heavy my weights were and then apologized for taking so long on the rack, she had a lot on her mind today and physical activities helped her think and de-stress. She then asked if I could spot her for a few sets. I tried not appear too eager but obviously said yes. I introduced myself and she said her name was Laura and she just moved here from Florida a few days ago.

When we got to the rack I helped her load some heavier weight and then she asked me to please stand close to her because she had hurt her knee a while back while squatting. Obviously didn’t object and got close but not close enough were I was touching her. I leaned in to help her get the weight off and before I could back away too far she leaned her ass back against me and began squatting. Her pink spandex was grinding against the thin fabric of my gym shorts every time she squatted down. I thought I was going to nut right there, but thankfully she stopped after 10 reps. Now I had a full tent in my pants and she had to have noticed but nothing was said. She stood at the rack whipped her sweat away and flashed me her bra again and then went right back to squatting. This time it felt like she was really pushing hard against my cock and almost grinding on it. Again, nothing was said about my boner and we both just made small chit chat. By the 4th set I was about to explode but I was able to keep it together. She turned around now, thanked me and said I was the best spotter she ever had. She said she was done for the day and was going to hit the showers. And then out of nowhere grabbed my cock through my shorts, leaned in and said “I hope I see you in here again very soon” and then walked away.


Late night gym with Laura Part 2 

Raul can't wait to see Laura again

The next day I rushed to the gym at the same time but was disappointed not see her there. Almost an hour had passed and no sight of Laura. However a few minutes later she came in walking through the door in tight black yoga pants and crop top. She walked by me and said I am so glad to see you here today, winked and walked to the locker room. I was pretty much done working out but I now I had to stay so I went over to the tread mills. Laura walked out of the locker room sat right on the bike in front of me. After doing a quick 5 min warm up she got off and started stretching. Her yoga pants were thin and every time she bent over I could see the bright pink thong she was wearing underneath. The gym was a little more crowded today and I could tell the guy running next to me was enjoying the show too. Laura got back on the bike but this time she leaned forward so I could see her thong and after a few minutes her pants started riding down a bit and her whale tail was in full display. I could have run for hours with that view. She eventually stopped and asked me if I could help her stretch hamstrings. I don’t know shit about stretching but of course I said I’d help. We went over to the ab/stretching corner of the gym. The corner was empty minus the MILF I caught in the locker room a few weeks ago. Laura said she was in a lot of pain and asked me grab her heel and push to back towards her head as she lay flat on her back and I was on my knees. To my surprised she was extremely flexible and her leg stretched so far back her pussy and dick were practically touching. We held this position for 30 secs switched legs and did it 3 more times. My cock was rock hard again and I could feel her pressing her hips into me. It didn’t help that she moaned so sensually ever time I stretched her leg back. Even the MILF was taking glances at her when she moaned, it must have looked like we were fucking. Eventually we stopped and she started stretching on her own and asked me to join her. Of course she started by doing the downward facing dog. Her whale tail was in full display again. To my surprise she asked me to go in front of her and help push her shoulders down. It didn’t make a lot of sense but I wasn’t going to say no. I start pressing her shoulders down. My dick is rock hard and practically resting on her head at this point. She moaned in pleasure and all of a sudden I feel something wet around my cock. She put me in her mouth through my shorts. I was so startled I almost jumped up, I couldn’t believe she was doing that with the MILF only a few feet away and several other people walking by. She started moving her head back and forth rubbing my dick all over and then with her teeth she pulled my waist band down releasing my 8” cock and shoved it in her mouth immediately and started sucking me off. It only lasted about 10 seconds before she stopped and got up. I scrambled to get my dick in my shorts, the MILF definitely saw what just happened, she had a look of excitement on her face and I could see her pierced nipples poking through her sports bra. Laura looked at me with a huge grin and told me to follow her. She led me to the sauna and we put up the sign saying “full capacity” on the door. She looked at me and said “you really liked my thong today didn’t you?”. I nodded and said I couldn’t believe she just gave me head. She laughed and said it was nothing, and she could tell I needed it from the constant tent in my pants. She stripped down until she was only wearing her thong. I followed but took my boxers off, without skipping a beat Laura got on her knees in front of me and started licking my cock up and down while looking at me. She stuck her tongue out and slapped my cock against it. “You have such a beautiful cock I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it since I felt it against my ass yesterday.” Laura then put my entire cock in her mouth until she gagged pulled it out ,spit on it, started going back and forth fast now while she grabbed the base twirled her hand. She seemed to love sucking my cock, she was so enthusiastic and would purposely make her self choke on it until her throat made a noise that i couldn't handle anymore. I was in heaven. A few seconds later I was about to explode but she stopped and said “fuck me like a slut". I picked her up off the floor put her on the bench, pulled her thong down to her ankles and started fucking her doggy style. She moaned asking me for more and not to stop. I spanked her fat white ass and she loved it. I started fucking her harder while I grabbed her ponytail. She was loving every second of it. I kept slapping her ass cheeks until they were red, her pussy to get wetter the more i slapped her, it was such a turn on. Right as I was about to cum she got off my dick, got on her knees and stuck her tongue out. I drenched her face with cum until it was dripping from her chin down to her tits. She had a smile bigger than I had ever seen before. She scooped up the cum from her chin and put it in her mouth. She put on her clothes without wiping off the rest and we left the sauna only to see two girls waiting for us to be done. From the look on their faces they must have heard us or seen some of the cum left on Laura's face. Laura and both cracked up and left. She then kissed me on the cheek and said same time tomorrow?


Late night gym with Laura Part 3 

Raul and Laura make new friends

Laura and I continued to hook up at the gym for the next couple days. We fucked in the locker room a few times and on a slow day we fucked in the stretching corner. She was incredible, and always showed up in some skimpy outfit that would make me rock hard the second I laid eyes on her. One Saturday night the gym was a lot more crowded than we were used to and we were both horny as could be. Laura was wearing crop top without a bra and spandex that displayed her yellow g string. We couldn’t get much privacy so we eventually settled with going to the sauna. Inside were 2 other girls in their mid 20s. I had seen them before, one was tall European girl with green eyes and an incredible body from playing volleyball in college the other was a beautiful black girl with perky tits and beautiful skin. They were both wrapped in their towels chatting in a corner of the room. They both smiled at us and we went to the opposite corner. All of a sudden Laura takes her top off and puts her tits in display. I couldn’t believe it. The girls noticed and actually complimented her. Laura then started chatting them up and sat closer to them while I just watched. They all seemed to be getting along really well and Laura eventually looked at me shouted “ Hey Raul these are Vanessa and Stacy they both want to take their towels off and enjoy the sauna naked like me. But they don’t feel comfortable if you’re wearing your clothes too so go ahead show us that thick cock of yours” Two seconds later I am naked and with my cock in the air the girls giggled and took off their towels showing off their amazing perky tits that defied gravity and their very neatly trimmed bushes. Laura took off her shorts too and now we all sat there naked. The girls kept giggling and complimenting each others bodies. Laura started grabbing Vanessa tits and eventually they all started feeling each others tits. At first it was playful but then it started getting a little sensual and Laura began sucking on Stacy’s tits. Stacy seemed reluctant at first but then started moaning in pleasure. Laura started moving her hands on the Vanessa’s legs and Vanessa started spreading them until Laura was rubbing her clit while sucking Stacy’s tits. Vanessa then started fingering Laura and they were all moaning. The girls took turns fingering each other and then started a train with Laura in the middle, Stacy eating her out while she ate out Vanessa. I was rock hard at this point and couldn’t believe the show I was getting. Laura made Vanessa cum and squirt in about 5 minutes I had never seen anything like it. Laura shouted at me to bring my cock over to the party. As soon as I got there Laura started deep throating me while Stacy kept eating her out. Laura was in complete ecstasy with my cock in her mouth. She pulled me out of her mouth and instructed Vanessa to choke on my cock. She didn’t hesitate and did exactly what Laura told her. Laura grabbed her head and started moving up and down on my cock while they both looked me in the eyes. Drool was starting to come out of Vanessa’s mouth as Laura was making her gag on my cock. Stacy stopped eating out Laura and said it was her turn to play with me. She pushed Laura out of the way and pulled Vanessa off my cock and started deep throating me. Laura didn’t like this and pulled Stacy off me. The girls started fighting over my cock and took turns deep throating me while pushing each other off. Things were getting really competitive between Laura and Stacy now. Laura loved to be in control but so did Stacy. Vanessa on the other hand loved to be dominated so she complied when Laura told her to lay down and let her sit on her face. Vanessa must have been good bc Laura started losing her composure and couldn’t concentrate on anything else. At this point Stacy took advantage of Laura being distracted and got doggy position and put my cock in her pussy. Her pussy was dripping wet and I slid right in, I immediately started pounding her ass hard. It wasn’t long before Laura noticed but to my surprise she didn’t push Stacy away instead she laid down in front of her and shoved her pussy in her face, Stacy didn’t object. Vanessa followed Laura and sat behind her fondling her tits and making out with her. Stacy’s pussy started clenching on my cock and I could tell she was about to cum, Laura must have noticed too bc she turned around and laid down right under Laura so her head was right under her pussy and my balls. Laura started licking my balls and Stacy’s clit. This sent Stacy over the edge she let out a moan so loud the entire gym must have heard her. She started shaking and eventually my dick slipped out. Laura pushed her off me turned her around put her hands on her neck and kept rubbing her clit saying “You love that don’t you?! Cum for me you fucking bitch! Cum all over my fucking hands!” Stacy couldn’t take it anymore and kicked her way and curled into a ball in ecstasy. Laura pushed me on my back and stared riding me like never before and instructed Vanessa to sit on my face. The girls made out while on top of me. I started to tense up and get ready to cum when Laura hopped off grabbed me by the dick and told the girls to get on their knees in front of me. The complied and Laura stroked my cock until I came all over the girls’ faces. All three girls then made out and swapped my cum. We all sat were we were for a few minutes catching our breath. Eventually we all got dressed and walked out. Laura told Vanessa and Stacy to wait for her in the shower, kissed me good bye on the cheek, gave my cock a squeeze, winked and walked away.


Late Night Gym with Laura part 4 

Laura gets blackmailed by the gym managers

The next day I got off work much later than usual and showed up to the gym almost an hour later than I normally did. As I walked in I was looking for Laura, I was relieved to find her on a treadmill. She had her split into two long beautiful braids, wore a lose white t-shirt and tight black spandex that barely contained her ass cheeks. Her tits bounced around freely as she ran, it was obvious she wasn’t wearing a bra and with all the sweat building up in her shirt you could almost see her pink nipples clearly. What an incredible girl. I started walking towards her but was stopped short by an old friend I hadn’t seen in a while. He was going on about the girl he hooked up with last night but most of my attention was on Laura. When I finally broke away from the conversation two guys had approached Laura, I recognized them. They were Phil and Ted the gym managers, it was the first time I saw them at the gym this late, I couldn’t imagine what they would want with Laura but they stopped her treadmill and made her follow them to their office. I was pissed, who were these assholes cockblocking my late night “gym session”. Their office was tucked away in a corner of the gym that was rarely crowded. I started heading over there when Vanessa stopped me and asked if I was alright, I told her what I see and she was equally as curious. We both started heading over towards their office. There was a big glass window that allowed the managers to look out towards the gym but they lowered the blinds when they took Laura inside. Vanessa and I grabbed some weights and pretended to work out close by. Vanessa realized that the blinds weren’t fully lowered and if we crouched down by the wall we could see inside. She called me over to crouch next to her, it was here that I noticed Vanessa tight tennis outfit with a very short skirt that showed off her gorgeous athletic legs. She caught me staring and jabbed my side to look into the window.

There was Laura sitting down while Phil and Ted stood on the desk next to her, we couldn’t hear what they were saying but they had huge grins on their faces, Laura not so much. They stayed like this for a couple minutes so Vanessa and I took turns looking and working out to avoid being too suspicious. I quickly noticed that Vanessa’s skirt didn’t have a short lining and I could see her tiny red g-string that barely covered her pussy lips. She must have noticed me looking because she kept spreading her legs every time she felt my eyes on her. All of a sudden, Vanessa gasped and her eyes went wide. I ran to the window to see Phil and Ted with their cocks out waving them at Laura. Laura seemed to hesitate but then started stroking both cocks slowly while looking at each of the managers. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing and I couldn’t help but get a little turned on by it. Vanessa was glued to the window as well and I could start seeing her nipples get hard. We looked at each other in shock and kept watching. Laura was now on her knees taking turns sucking each of their cocks. She would stroke one while sucking the other. The guys started playing with her tits and we could tell Laura was starting to get into it as she started sucking faster and taking them deeper in her mouth and even started cramming both cocks in her mouth at the same time. She took her clothes off and the guys did too. They lifted her up on the desk and one of them started eating her out while the other fucked her mouth. I started to hear Vanessa breathing harder and I when I looked over she had her hand down her panties. I took a look around the gym and noticed it was practically empty, no one had noticed us in the corner. I couldn’t decide between watching Vanessa play with herself or watch Laura get tag teamed. The guys switched spots now while Laura stayed in place, she had drool running down her chin and pussy was visibly wet.

Vanessa grabbed my hand placed it on her pussy and she whispered “finger me please!” I started rubbing her clit and fingering her pussy she practically melted in my hand, her pussy was so wet I could feel her juices running down my hand. She was starting to moan loudly and I kept trying to tell her to be quite but she couldn’t contain herself. She grabbed my other hand now and started sucking on my fingers like they were a cock, I almost came in my shorts at this point. Vanessa and I kept at it as we watched Laura. She was now on all fours on the desk while Phil was fucking her mouth and ted was fucking her pussy. They looked like a well oiled machine pumping Laura from both sides. Vanessa bit down hard on my hand now as her pussy clenched around my fingers, I kept rubbing her clit with my thumb and she collapsed on the ground. The guys switched sides now and kept giving it to Laura from both ends. I started stroking my cock through my shorts.

Out of nowhere Vanessa grabs my shirt and pulls me down to her and whispers “fuck me now!” I pulled her panties off and shoved my hard cock deep inside her. God it felt good, Vanessa was much tighter than Laura and Stacy had been. I started fucking her hard but she still couldn’t contain her moans. So I grabbed her panties shoved them in her mouth and started fucking her harder while grabbing and slapping her tits. Vanessa pulled me close to her and grabbed me so hard her nails dug into my back. I tried set myself free so I could pull out, but her grip was too strong and I came deep inside her. We both collapsed in ecstasy. Thankfully at this point the gym had cleared out and no one saw us. We looked through the window again to see Laura back on her knees stroking both cocks as fast and hard she could. Her face was all red, her hair was a mess and she had a look of determination on her face. The guys came hard and all over her. They then grabbed a towel gave it to Laura and told her to get out. Laura grabbed her clothes and walked out not looking very thrilled. Surprisingly, she walked right over to where Vanessa and I were. “Enjoy the show?” she said. Vanessa immediately answered “Yes…what happened? “ Laura explained that apparently the managers saw the clip of her blowing me in the security footage and black mailed her into fucking them otherwise they were going to revoke her membership and ban her from all local gyms after calling the cops on her.

“It looked like you enjoyed that though…” Vanessa said. I kept my mouth shut but I agreed with Vanessa, Laura seemed hesitant at first but a few minutes in she seemed to love every second of it. Laura got a little red in the face when Vanessa said this and confessed that she was a sex addict and couldn’t help but enjoy it despite being forced into it. Vanessa hugged her and said apologized she had to go through that and said she felt bad for not stopping them. Laura laughed and called us out for being horny freaks and fucking after getting all turned on from watching her. We all laughed and complimented her talents. Laura then told us to meet her in the showers because Phil and Teds tiny cocks never got her off and now she was all hot and horny from acting like such a slut with them.

 