PHIL CAUGHT

BY PHIL MCCRACKEN

Part 6

Amber sat to the right of Melody as they read Phil's story: 'The
Birthday Present'

Amber was at the drug store with a cart containing several items,
birthday wrapping paper, ribbon, a humorous card and a Willie
Nelson cd. Tomorrow was daddy's birthday and she got what he
wanted and more. When she asked him what he wanted he said a
funny card. Well she got the card and the cd would be an
unexpected surprise. She placed the carts contents on the counter
for the clerk to ring up.

"Well, I see someone is having a birthday." Said the clerk.

"Yeah my daddy. The cd is a surprise."

"Did you save your money from baby sitting?"

"No, my allowance."

"Oh. So your father is paying for a gift he didn't pick out?"

"No. I said I'm paying for it from my allowance."

"Right and who gives you your allowance?"

"My daddy." Amber said in a very small voice.

"That will $18.47 from your father's money please."

The conversation had a profound effect on Amber. Her father had
given her $35 as he did every week. She wasn't even spending all
of it on him. She was holding back so she could indulge herself.

Amber stood outside the drugstore waiting for her father. She was
reflecting on what the clerk had said. Everything she had came
from daddy. The food she ate, the clothes she wore, and the bed
she slept in. He asked very little of her, just keep her room
neat and clean up after herself. He didn't demand good grades
just a good effort. If her best effort could only earn a 'C' then
he was proud of the 'C'. He saved everything she had done. She
knew that the card she just bought will go into a file with all
the other cards and drawings and awards. "Yep he does that. I've
seen him reading old stuff reminiscing about me and Mark." Even
if she wrote him a poem, the ink and paper would be from him. She
tried to think of something that she could get or make or do that
would be wholly from her. She ran back into the store and made
one more purchase.

Her father drove up as she was coming out of the drugstore. The
ride home was a quiet one. Phil could tell that his daughter was
deep in thought and a conversation would be futile.

When they got home Amber looked up at her daddy and said:

"Daddy. I love you." she hugged him tight and again said "I love
you very much. Thank you."

This took Phil by surprise and said, "I love you too, very much."
When he looked down unto her pretty face he saw her eyes were
watery. She was two sniffs off a cry. She broke the hug and
hurried to her room. After dinner Amber spent most of the evening
surfing the web researching her plan for tomorrow.

The next evening Phil and Amber had dinner, which Phil cooked,
and a birthday cake, which Phil bought.

After they ate, Amber handed her father the card. It was a
shoebox greeting card that suggested he was old and over the
hill. Hey, I gave him one like that on his last birthday. Then
she gave him the little package.

"Honey. I told you all I wanted was a card. You shouldn't have
spent your money."

Amber cut him off with "Daddy! First of all you gave me the money
so I could do with it as I want, right?"

"You're right." He opened the package and was genuinely pleased
with the cd.

"I have one more present but I have to get it ready. Will you
please go to the den, get yourself a drink and watch some TV
until I'm..its ready."

"Okay." Phil got up, poured himself a scotch, neat, and went to
the den.

Fifteen minutes later he heard Amber call,

"Daddy."

He turned around and was startled to see his daughter standing in
the doorway nude except for a large pink bow across her breasts
and a ribbon that ran around her waist and down between her legs
and up her crap canyon.

"What's this?" he asked with an astonished expression on his
face.

"Daddy, I know that anything I buy is really from you since you
give me the money anyway."

"But Hun"

Amber waved her hand to cut him off.

"I want to.. I have to give you something that comes from me, not
you. The only thing I can think of is me. I know you like to tie
me up. Okay so tie me up. You like to spank me."

Phil jumped in with "But I only spank you when you disobey."

"Then why does your thingy get big and hard? I can feel it grow
when I'm over you lap. Anyway you like to spank me so do it.
Tonight I'm yours to do with what ever you want."

With that she bent over and picked up the coil of soft rope she
brought and held it out to her father. Phil looked at his drink
and thought the better of finishing it. After all he didn't want
to cloud his judgment. How considerate of him. Phil walked over
to Amber and pulled the ribbon off his daughter. The only thing
that had changed from their time at the nudist resort was her
tan, it had faded. He looked at his auburn haired beauty with
perky breasts. Her nipples already stood out. He looked at her
trim waist, widening hips and shapely legs. She had been keeping
her crotch bare of hair. Phil liked that. "You think he's
disappointed that I don't really look like that?" Amber asked
Melody.

"The way he looks at you and the way he talks about you, he
thinks you're the prettiest girl in the world."

He took the rope and tied Amber's wrists together. Then holding
the rope he led her to his bedroom. He sat on the bed and guided
Amber across his lap. This wasn't a punishment spanking so Phil
eased her into it. He started a round of gentle pats. The second
round was a bit harder. By the fifth circuit he started to smack
Amber's bottom in earnest. "What does he mean by easing a
spanking?" Asked Amber.

"If he started by hitting her hard he'd shock her. By starting
out lightly and building up to a hard spanking she can take a lot
more. This gives the endorphins time to be released. Endorphins
are the body's painkillers and can actually give you a high.

Amber was wiggling and bucking as Phil smacked her plump cheeks.
Her butt went from white to pink to red. Amber was whimpering and
tears started to flow. Phil kept smacking as long as Amber fought
the spanking. When Amber just laid there and took the smacks
without resisting, Phil stopped. Just like in his story 'Trouble
Sleeping'. Phil now rubbed Amber's punished buttocks soothing the
child before the next stage. Doesn't sound like she got high.
Phil picked her up and placed her on his bed. He positioned her
midway down on the brass bed. He tied her hands to the brass head
frame. He then tied the ropes around each of her ankles and
pulled her right leg up and to the right as far as it would go
and tied it to the head frame. He did the same to the left leg.
Her legs were spread wide apart and over her head, revealing her
most intimate parts.

"Daddy, would you please do something for me?"

Phil thought she didn't want to be tied so he was shocked when
she answered his 'what' with "Please take off your clothes."

Once he too was naked he left the room with Amber all trussed up.
In three minutes he returned with a cheap wooden school ruler.
The ruler was very light and would suit Phil's purpose nicely. He
brought it down sharply onto her slit. Amber jerked at the
shocking pain. Phil smacked her mound of Venice, then her right
thigh. He smacked her left thigh and then the crease where leg
meets butt, then the other crease. He started again all over her
crotch. Amber was yelling and pulled on the ropes as she shook
her head. Phil kept spanking her pussy until her vulva had
swollen and turned red. "Now there! First he wrote that it wasn't
punishment, but what would you call that?" Amber asked Melody

"Look at the whole picture. He spanks her ass until she stops
struggling. That means all the tension has left her, she's now
relaxed. Her butt and pussy are warm but he wants me for her. By
spanking her crotch it becomes hot. Her clit and labia are
engorged with blood making it all the more sensitive. Believe me
the sex will be great."

Phil then laid down between her legs and started to lick her
slit. He inserted his finger into her love canal up to her hymen.
He searched for her G-spot and found a small nub. He rubbed the
nub and licked her clit. Amber's pleasure sensors took time to
catch up to her pain sensors but when the two met the sensations
was fantastically intense. The best was yet to come. Phil took
Amber's clit between his fingers and pulled back the hood
revealing a bright and glistening tiny bulb of nerve endings. As
gently as he could Phil flicked his tongue across the bulb. Amber
jerked as if she had an electric shock. Five minutes before Amber
was shaking her head, pulling on her bonds and yelling in pain.
Now she was shaking her head, pulling on her bonds and yelling in
pleasure. Phil sensed that Amber was about to reach her climax
and stopped. Amber didn't realize her father had stopped until
she started to come down instead of reaching that summit she was
striving for.

"Daddy! Oh Gawd daddy don't stop! Please don't stop!"

Phil brought the wooden ruler down, smack, smack smack. Amber
again jerked in her bonds. Melody said, "Wow! Your dad sure knows
how to make women happy. Amber gave her a wide-eyed look of
disbelief. Phil started to lick her again. He inserted his finger
and found the little nub and rubbed and Amber was again on the
rocket sled to orgasm.

"Mmmmmm. Owwwww. GAWD!"

Amber came with a body-wracking climax that she'd never believe
possible had she not experienced it.

Phil untied her legs and they flopped onto the bed. Amber was in
Lala land. Groggy in her after glow something was drifting
through her mind. She had to do something but couldn't remember
what.

Phil sat watching his daughter as he handled his penis. He wasn't
masturbating; he was just keeping it erect until he figured out
what he was going to do next. As he was fiddling with himself
Amber remembered what she needed to do.

"Daddy please untie me."

Phil untied the rope from the frame but kept her hands tied
together. Amber rolled towards her fathers lap. She took his
prick in both her little hands and stuck the head of his dick
into her mouth.

"What are you doing!" asked Phil.

Amber turned her head and gave him a look that communicated her
thought. Phil understood the look to mean 'that's a stupid
question.' Amber started to bob her head up and down Phil's
shaft. She couldn't get much more then the head of his penis in
her mouth so she slid her hands in rhythm with her mouth.

It had been several years since Phil had any sex let alone oral
sex. He was about to cum and told Amber to stop. She wouldn't.
Gobs of cum squirted into her mouth. She swallowed and sucked
until he stopped pulsing.

"Thank you Hun but where did you learn to do that?"

"On the internet"

"Hmmm. Looks like my little girl ran the stop sign on the
information highway. The End

Melody sat there staring at the computer screen, sweating.

"I wish he'd do that to Me." she mused.

"What? You want a pussy spanking?" asked Amber.

"To get a orgasm like that? Sure! Look. Your dad is a real
sweetheart. He does things for all of us. Believe it or not, most
of your friends would jump into bed with him if he asked. Do
yourself a big favor. Forgive him. Talk to him. Hell, help him
write a story. But don't stop him. This story really points out
all the things our parents do for us and we never think about it.
Your father goes way farther. He works a job he doesn't like just
so he can be with you as much as possible. All that yet he
doesn't crowd you. When someone comes over he backs off and
leaves us alone unless we invite him to join us."

"You're right. Thanks Mel. Can you do me a favor, please?"

