When I was younger to be called 'pussy-whipped' were fighting words. No self-respecting man would allow his woman to run roughshod over him even if it meant he never got laid. Now that I've been married, more years than I care to admit there are no better words to describe my lifestyle than the PW word. When we were first married I would go out with my friends at least a few times a month and I'd have a beer with my buddies after work at least as many times. My wife never complained or asked me not to go but somehow down through the years I've lost interest on those things and in fact my wife now has more guy friends than I do.

We never go see guy films but only chic flicks and yet she always asks me to choose the movie. There is a much bigger chance we will be watching something like Grays Anatomy rather than the Lakers when we watch TV. One of our favorite evenings in, is where I draw her a hot bath as she undresses and then while she enjoys a good soaking I clean up the kitchen from the dinner I've made. When I'm finished I go and scrub her back for her as well as her feet, I just love rubbing her scented body wash into her pretty toes scrubbing each one at a time. When she is finished, I hold the hand held shower for her to rinse and to wash her hair. Next I hold her favorite extra large, extra soft towel for her as she gets out of the tub and I dry her off head to toe. I then hold the hair dryer for her as she dries and combs her hair.

Next, we adjourn to the bedroom where she lays on the bed naked and I massage her favorite body lotion into her from neck down to those precious toes. She then moves to the big wing back chair we have in our room and I trot into the kitchen to fetch her favorite Pinot. As my wife relaxes with a glass of wine and one of her sultry romance novels, I will give her a pedicure. She says she loves the way I paint her toenails and I of course, love the privilege of playing with her toes. As she enjoys her wine and her book she pays no attention to me unless her novel gets extra steamy and then she will say, "Roger I need you," This means she needs my tongue to relieve the pressure building inside her womb. I stop my chore and move up between her legs to put my face into her slit. I look up to see she is still reading and paying no heed to my busy tongue but as her orgasm approaches she will grab my head to make sure I hold it in the right place until her climax eases. She will now either take her hand away whereas I continue to orally pleasure her or if she feels temporarily sated she will push my head away and I then go back to work on her toes. Although it is not something I've been asked to do when her toes are finished l always stay and blow gently on them until the paint is dry. She loves to wear toe-less shoes and sandals and when people remark on her pedi she always brags that I am the one who paints her nails. This is very embarrassing to me and yet I feel pride as well.

Now the wine is done and she is ready for bed and sleep, as for me I have a throbbing erection. Like a typical male, I usually end up begging for sex and if she feels up to it, she will allow me to mount her. She knows that as I have been in a state of arousal for so long, I will not last and she is right. One of her rules for us having coitus is that I have to clean up my mess with my tongue. Years ago, I had major problems with this after I climaxed and my desire lessoned but she taught me to get use to it by merely sitting on my face until I did the job right. If she is extra tired or just doesn't want to put up with my thrashing around as she calls it she sends me off to the bathroom to make my mess in the toilet. When I return humiliated but at last satisfied she is usually already asleep.

How did I get this pussy-whipped you may ask, well that is an interesting story. She was younger than I and far less experienced as I had already been married once and the wife and I got into swinging even involving threesomes with both sexes. Yet her sex drive drove me crazy, as we could not get enough of each other. We had been dating for a while but before I realized what was happening she had moved in with me. This was not something I wanted but we kept fucking so much I lost my resolve to make her leave.

We would make love all weekend long, never leaving the bedroom except maybe to eat something. The desire she welled up inside me caused an incredible amount of stamina and the number of orgasms I was having were unbelievable. I would go to work Monday with my penis so red and sore it would hurt to hold it when I urinated.

One Sunday, I couldn't give you the date but it is a day I will never forget, after we had just finished another round of lovemaking. We were both covered in sweat and I was still panting from all our exertion, lying next to her I told her how much she turned me on. She called me her pussy slave and I laughed and told her no way.
"Yes you are a slave to my pussy and I can make you do anything I want."
I told her she was crazy and her answer was,
"OK I'll just prove it to you."
She hopped up and waddled naked into the bathroom as I watched her pretty little butt sway back and forth. I heard drawers and cupboards opening and closing, and then soon she came out holding my electric razor. She walked up to me as I lie on my back with my hands behind my head. She held the razor out to me and said,
"I want you to shave off your mustache."
This must be some kind of joke I thought and I told her no way I have had my stache for almost ten years and I was not about to shave it off. She sat the razor on the nightstand and climbed up on my chest, putting her knees on my upper arms. I am much bigger and stronger than her and could have thrown her off me as easy as one would do to a child. However, she had another power over me and it was staring at me from between her legs. As she towered over me, I was looking directly into that special place. There was semen dried and scaly looking on her thigh and dried bits tangled in her pubes. Between her labia, I could see another drop slowly oozing out.

"I'm not going to let you eat me until you shave you're mustache off for me."
"Your all messy and full of cum, I wouldn't want to eat you anyway,"
I told her. I watched enthralled as she spread her legs opening her slit as if it were a flower blooming. She took a finger and wiped up that fresh drop of cum, then held it in front of my face.
"What's a matter baby don't you like the taste of your own cum, you don't mind feeding it to me but you won't even taste it?"
She spread it on my lips as I moved my head trying to avoid her. As I said I could have just tossed her aside but all I could think about was that lovely flower opening for me to view and so close. She pushed her finger now nearly clean in my mouth and I sucked on it as if it was a little cock.
"Now that's a good boy here have another taste."
I watched as she now stuck her finger deep into her folds, wiggling it and bringing out a finger full of my slime. I sucked it clean and then another one just like it. She now rose up off her knees, leaning forward, and even though I lifted my head I could not reach her treasure. She was so close I could see the little droplets of her desire form at the top of her labia and start their slow trickle downward.
"Not so fast baby you've got a shaving job to do first."
I knew this was a test and in fact, she had often told me she liked my mustache. What did I care if I shaved, I could always just grow it back, but I kept hearing this warning from deep inside me that if I gave in, our relationship would no longer be in my control. Silly me if I had given it any thought I would have seen I had lost control the minute she had moved in without even asking.

We were in what I would call a stalemate but of course, I was so wrong. She pushed her hips even farther apart thus exposing her womb and clitoris to me. I broke my stare into the wonders of her womanhood and looked up toward her face. She had small breasts that embarrassed her and yet her nipples and aeriola were both large. Both nipples now were fully erect and tinted a pinkish red. Her red curly hair already wild and unbrushed was now matted to the sides of her head. She reminded me of a modern Medusa in whose powers I was now trapped. Her smile turned evil, as she understood that she now had me. She asked again if I was ready to shave and although I was weakening, I shook my head knowing I had to remain strong if I ever was to keep my manhood. That smile remained, nestled among the freckles on her face and her pale blue eyes glimmered. I should have understood she was merely toying with me as a cat might do with a mouse and as was the mouse I was way our of my league.

Her movement brought my concentration back to between her thighs where her clit now fully uncovered from its tiny hood was standing and ready for attention. She began to rub it ever so softly as even I knew that in this agitated state it was far too sensitive to be even touched. She brought her digit to my lips and I knew to coat it with saliva for her to use as lubrication.

My own erection so far completely ignored was now throbbing and I was so excited I actually thought I might faint. It was then I knew I was a broken man and I told her I would shave if she would just please let me lick her. She said not a word but reached over to pick up my razor. She turned it on and handed it to me, I ran it across my stash pulling out more hair than I shaved and as she watched me bow to her wishes she climaxed. After her orgasm, she got off me and led me to the bathroom by my penis so I could finish the job. It was only after I had a smooth upper lip was I allowed back to bed where we made love.

After that, I only fell deeper and deeper under her control until all I wanted to do was to please her. She didn't have to threaten or even order me, as I was more than willing to do her biding. She would brag to her friends about all I did for her but she allowed me a tiny bit of dignity by not bragging of my servitude to my friends.

Yes, I admit to the world that I am pussy whipped and even if my wife asked me to sever my balls and let her carry them around in her purse I would do it. I am sure that many of you think of me as weak, not much of a man and perhaps you are right but believe me I am a happy and satisfied and so is my wife. To tell the truth the sexiest thing I can hear from my bride is when she says,
"Thank you dear you made me happy."

