Know the rules before you play.
by FunKelly

My name is Gina, and I am going to tell you the story of the most humiliating, yet exhilarating two hours of my entire life. I am Italian by descent, but was born and raised in America. I have jet black hair, (no surprise) am 5'3" tall, and weigh 110 pounds. I have size "C" breasts and olive skin. The events leading to my multi-emotional exploit, which was also my only nude in public experience, started when I was junior in college.

I was living on a shoestring budget, so I rented a small one bedroom, third floor apartment in a building that had been converted into a three unit apartment house. The apartment was tiny. It had a living room, bathroom, small bedroom, and the kitchen was along a wall adjacent to the living room. A few cabinets, sink, stove and refrigerator were the only conveniences. Still, being in a town located near Boston, Massachusetts, where I went to college, I was barely able to pay the rent.

In the fall of my junior year, I met a nice young, gay exchange student from Germany. His name was Nathaniel, but most people called him Nate. Like me, he had limited funds, and was living in a homeless shelter. A decision he had made in order to get an education in America. We agreed to get a pull out couch, and he would share the expenses of my 500 square foot, third floor apartment. It wasn't long before I realized, I had sacrificed 100% of my privacy, for enough rent money to stay in my apartment.

Nathaniel's father and mother were from Hamburg Germany. His father was a very handsome man from the photos he showed me. His mother was a beautiful black woman from England. Nathaniel took after his mother. He was 5'9" tall, adorable smile, smooth brown skin, with a well toned physique. He kept his afro cut close to the scalp, and had a wonderful English accent. It wasn't hard to tell he was gay, yet he maintained sense of masculinity, which I found attractive.

Nathaniel, as I always called him, soon after moving in, would often wear nothing but a tiny pare of men's bikini briefs, as he hung out in our postage stamp sized apartment. It wasn't long before I was wearing nothing but my panties, as we watched movies, cooked dinner together, along with other domestic activities. Before I knew it, I would take my shower, dry off with a towel, then wrap that towel around my head. I then made my morning coffee, with my entire naked body in his view.

Things got so comfortable between us, that one day I was naked, with a few glasses of wine in me, and walking into my tiny 8 x 8 sized bedroom, when he said, "Gina! You can masturbate out here if you want". I turned to him, and replied in a stern voice, "Nathaniel! You don't know that's what I was going to do!" He smiled, then said, "Gina. These walls are paper thin". Since I was already naked and had a buzz, I went into my bedroom, retrieved my favorite sex toy, walked back out into our tiny living room, and planted my naked ass on the couch, beside him.

I spread my legs wide open and started to play with myself. Once I was moist, I turned to Nathaniel, and said, "Good! I'm glad you don't mind if I masturbate out here!" I then inserted my toy into my slit, and worked my pussy to an orgasm, as he watched, and we talked. It was so surreal, but I have to admit, that having climaxed while Nathaniel watched, made my orgasm that much more intense.

Things between Nathaniel and I became so familiar, that once I was sitting totally naked on the couch, while he was stripped down to his signature bikini briefs, when he reached over and ran his fingers, across my pussy lips. I turned to him and asked, "What are you doing?" He replied, "Getting a little rough down there, Gina. You should let me shave your pussy". "NATHANIEL! ARE YOU F#@%ING KIDDING ME?" I shouted. He just gave me this childlike smile, then snickered.

I can't believe I responded in the way I did, but I looked at him, laid back on the couch, and said, "The razor and shaving cream are in the bathroom, as I spread my legs apart for my first pubic shaving, not carried out by my own hands. Nathaniel went to the bathroom, then returned to the living room with the razor and shaving cream in hand. "You better not cut me", I said, still spread eagle on the couch. "Relax", he replied, as he positioned himself between my legs.

I felt perfectly comfortable, as he smeared the shaving cream on my pussy, then ran the razor across my soon to be hairless mound. We just talked nonchalantly, as he was shaving me, as if we were fully clothed, and watching TV or something. After he finished shaving my pubic hair, he took a damp cloth and cleaned me up.

We were both looking at my cleanly shaven pussy, when he said, "Do you want your favorite toy?" I looked up at him, and replied, "Do you mind getting it for me ?" "Not at all", he chuckled, as he returned the shaving cream and razor to the bathroom, retrieved my sex toy from my top drawer, and returned to the couch. I was already massaging my clit, as he sat next to me, when I asked, "Nathaniel. Do you think our relationship is strange?"

He sat back and watched my fingers at work, then replied, "It's only strange if we thing it's strange, Gina". Good answer, I thought to myself, as I was going from moist to soaking wet. Needless to say, our relationship did not become so risqué overnight. It developed over time, starting with Nathaniel's habit of sleeping in just his bikini briefs. He rarely used his sheets or blanket, which ended up on the floor next to the pull out couch most nights.

Countless times I would go to use the bathroom, or get something from the fridge in the middle of the night, and find him sleeping on his back with no cover other than those tight little underpants. Some nights I would find myself staring at him, wondering how liberating it must feel to possess no modesty whatsoever. On several occasions, I returned to my bedroom and masturbated myself back to sleep.

On some mornings, he would shower before me, then enter the living room naked, put on his briefs, then have his coffee before putting on the rest of his clothes. I knew I was the only one who was embarrassed, but made every effort not to show it. I enjoyed his lack of modesty, in combination with his sense of dignity. I had never met anyone like him before.

One morning Nathaniel left for class while I was still in the shower. Taking a page from his book, after my shower, I was leaning back against the kitchen counter, wearing nothing but my panties, and drinking my coffee. He suddenly re-entered the apartment, because he had forgotten something. With one hand holding my coffee, and the other resting on the kitchen counter, I froze. My size "C" breasts were on total display.

What surprised me most (other than his re-entrance into the apartment) was that he acted as if I was fully clothed. He didn't act a bit differently. He made some small talk about what he had left behind, told me to have a good day, then walked back out the apartment door. During the encounter, I didn't speak a word, but made no attempt to cover my bare breasts.

My hand was shaking as I placed my coffee down on the counter top. I ran to my bedroom, and looked at myself in the full length mirror on the back of the door. I became totally aroused as I realized this was the view Nathaniel had, of my almost naked body. I was so happy that I made no attempt to shield my exposed tits. I finally knew how Nathaniel felt, as his casual attitude toward nudity, made him seem comfortable and self-confident, but without appearing arrogant.

That's how the uninhibited nudity in our apartment started during our fall semester at college. Nathaniel and I were both home-bodies, mostly because of our lack of finances, rather than by choice. Saturday nights became "Naked Night", where we would get a box of cheap wine, pick a movie, and spend the evening in the nude. That morphed into things like my regular pubic hair shavings.

I had become so relaxed in my nakedness with Nathaniel, I would often enter the living room, naked and holding the shaving cream, then ask, "Nathaniel. Are you up to it? You do a much better job than I do". He'd smile, then reply, "Sure". I would sit on the coffee table in our living room, hand him the shaving cream, razor and a damp face towel, then spread my legs open. I made it a point to ask him when he was fully dressed.

I got such a rush, sitting in front of him naked, with my legs spread open, while he shaved my pussy. We would talk about everything from our college classes, his home in Hamburg, our bills that were almost due, to our grocery list. My favorite part was when he was finished, he would lean over, kiss my smooth pussy lips, then look up to me, and say, "Your good for another few days to a week, Gina". I would thank him, and return the shaving items to the bathroom.

By the spring of the following year, we had seen each other naked, more often than clothed. Since heat rises, our third floor apartment was often stifling, even in the dead of the New England winter. We often went naked, with a couple of windows cracked an inch or two. I had even gone to leaving my bedroom door open when I was masturbating, hoping Nathaniel would come in and sit on the edge of the bed, which he often did.

By the time our junior year in college was almost over, Nathaniel told me how he would be going back to Hamburg for the summer. His parents were not wealthy by any means, however they appreciated me housing their son so much, they paid for a round trip ticket for me to visit for two weeks during the summer. One week of my two week stay, his parents would be in England, visiting his mom's relatives, leaving their two bedroom condo to us.

Once I was in Hamburg, and Nathaniel's parents were in England for the week, we would often frequent some local pubs that had one admission charge, and all the beer you could drink. After almost nine months of living together near Boston, we were pros at stretching a dollar. That's when Nathaniel said to me, "Gina. There's a local pub where we can actually get paid money, and have free beer". I was immediately skeptical, but decided to take the short walk, and see for myself. That's when I learned you need to "Know The Rules Before You Play".


Know the rules before you play. Part 2

It was barely 11:00 in the morning, but I trusted Nathaniel, and walked with him to the pub. When we arrived, the pub was closed, so Nathaniel had me follow him to the back of the small establishment. We entered the back door to an enthusiastic greeting from a man inside. Nathaniel hugged the man, and they both exchanged greetings in German. The man then looked at me, and asked, "Who's this, Nate?" in English, but with a heavy German accent.

Nathaniel introduced me to the man, (in English), who was the owner of the pub. His name was Leon. Leon, who was in his late thirties, smiled at me, then said, "Come. Have a beer", as he walked us from the back room of the pub, out to the front. Most of the lights were all still off in the pub, but the recess lighting was enough to get a relatively good look at the place. Nathaniel and Leon talked in German for a moments. Nathaniel then turned to me, and said, "Gina. They have no contestants lined up for tonight's "Wheel of Misfortune" contest.

"What's that?", I asked, with a large dose of trepidation in my voice. Leon turned up the lights on the stage, as Nathaniel walked me up to it. There was a big roulette wheel, separated into seven sections, in the center of the stage. Two 3' x 3' pedestals were on either side, that stood about two feet high. The wheel had images of three kings and three queens, like from a deck of cards, but much larger. The seventh section has something written in German, which of course, I could not read.

Nathaniel. What is this?", I asked, feeling a bit anxious. He explained that there was one male and one female contestant. Each would stand on a pedestal, as a game host (Leon) would spin the wheel. Each contestant would start out with five (so called) articles of clothing, Shoes counted as one article. Leon would spin the wheel. If it stopped on King, the female had to remove an article of clothing. If it ended up on a queen, the man had to remove something.

Of course I asked, looking at the section with German writing on it, "What about that one? What does that say ?" Nathaniel replied, "That says "Audience Choice", which is like a tie-breaker, that is rarely ever used". He looked at me , and said, "Gina. The winner gets 200 euros, which is $242.00 American dollars. If we play, one of us will win that money, and we can split it".

I looked out over the customer seating area, then counted the bar stools. The pub capacity was about 100 people, maybe a little more. It was entirely possible that I could end up totally naked, standing up here on a pedestal, in front of all of them. I was about to tell Nathaniel, "No way! I won't do it!", when Leon called out, "Come get your beers, you two", in English, again with his heavy German accent. I found it endearing that he was speaking what English he knew, in order to make me feel comfortable.

Nathaniel and I made our way to bar, sat on our stools, then started to sip our beers. I looked at him, then back up to the stage. I had this feeling that he really wanted us to do this, and not so much for the money, although it would come in handy. I started feeling guilty that I might be depriving him of some fantasy he may be harboring. I finished my beer, then slid the empty mug toward Leon. I started to have a change of mind. After all, what could happen?

First Off: I might not lose the game at all, and Nathaniel's yummy physique would be on display, naked for all to see. I had a feeling he wouldn't mind that at all. Second: Even if I did lose, so what? I didn't know anyone who would be there. Big deal. So I end up naked on a stage in a small pub in Hamburg, Germany, for a few minutes. Third: It might actually be fun. As Leon was sliding my second beer across the bar, I asked, "What time does the game start?" He replied, 9:00 pm.

I turned to Nathaniel, and said, "After this beer, I want to go back to your parents house and take a nap. After all, If we're going to compete against each other for our clothing in public, I want to have my wits about me". Nathaniel and Leon both smiled, but neither uttered a word, most likely afraid I would change my mind. I finished my second beer, looked at Leon, and asked, "What time should we be here?" He replied, "8:30 will be fine", again in English, but with his heavy German accent.

Nathaniel and I walked out the back door, then headed down the alley "Where are we going?", I asked, still a bit apprehensive about my decision the play strip roulette on stage at Leon's pub, in front a live crowd no less. "This alley leads to my parents house. It's the same distance as the street, just in the rear", he replied.

On the walk back to his parent's place, I was thinking about how embarrassing it could be to be stripped down to just my bra and panties, not to mention completely nude, in public place. Nathaniel, on the other hand, was blurting out ideas of things we could do, and places we could visit with our new found wealth. Our attitudes towards the public strip game, could not have been more different.

We arrived back at the house, and I went to lye down in Nathaniel's parent's room. They were was kind enough to let me use it while they were away. I was being overcome with trepidation, thinking about having to possibly surrender all of my clothes on the stage, in front of the crowd. Standing on that pedestal, I would be able to be clearly seen by everyone there, no matter what state of dress I was in. I had to do something to relax myself, or I would be a basket case by game time.

I stripped naked, laid a towel on the floor of the bedroom I was using, then called Nathaniel to the door. When he arrived, I held out my travel size can of shaving cream, and said, "Just in case?" He took the can, looked down at my naked body, smiled and replied, "Just in case". I laid out on the towel, spread my legs open so the bottoms of my feet were touching, and watched Nathaniel, as he ran his fingers through my pubic hair.

"Someone hasn't been keeping up with her grooming, since I've been gone". I looked up at him, and replied, "What's the point? It's no fun if you're not there to shave me, so I just trim the sides when I shave my legs". He leaned over, gave me a peck on the lips, something he had never done before, and quietly said, "I'll need to start with scissors. Be right back". I sighed, then replied, "I'll be right here", as we both giggled a bit. I was already starting to relax as I laid there, holding my position, waiting for him to return.

Nathaniel returned after only a few seconds, knelt next to me, then carefully started clipping my pubic hair. Knowing it would take some time, I asked, "What do you want to do today. I need a distraction to pass the time". He stopped clipping for a moment, looked at me with his boyish grin, and said, "This is fun". I responded by saying, "I could lay here like this all day, as long as you're here. I miss hanging out with you". "Me too", he replied, in a somewhat sadder tone.

He put down the scissors, picked up the shaving cream, smiled and said, "Step two", as he applied to cool cream to my pussy. All I could think about was how glad I was Nathaniel was dressed and I wasn't. Don't get me wrong, I love seeing him in his little briefs or nude, but there's an sense of vulnerability that can only come when you're the only one naked. I inadvertently let out a moan, as the cold razor went across my mound. Nathaniel was gentlemanly in his silence concerning my little faux pas.

As was his tradition, Nathaniel wiped my pussy with a damp cloth, then leaned over and kissed the smooth skin of my pussy lips. He sat back up, and said, "All done". I made no attempt to close my legs. I was now completely relaxed, and wanted to remain that way. I knew for a while now, that he man-scaped, and kept his area perfectly clear of all hair. Now no matter which one of us lost tonight's strip game, the audience was going to have an unobstructed view of our genitals.

Nathaniel helped me to my feet, and we decided to take a walk to the local park. Since it was early afternoon in the middle of the week, the park wouldn't be to crowded. I got dressed and we set out for the beautifully manicured grounds, next to the river. On our way to the park, we came across someone Nathaniel knew, and stopped for just a moment. The man was standing outside what appeared to be a pub, smoking a cigarette. The two talked in German for a few seconds, then we continued on our way.

"Who was that?", I asked. Nathaniel casually replied, "That was Phillip, and that's his strip club". "That was a strip club ?", I asked. "I've never been to a strip club", I admitted. Nathaniel stopped dead in his tracks, look at me, and asked, "Want to go in? We can order a soda and sit away from the stage". He saw I was hesitating, so took my hand and led me back towards the club, saying, "You may as well have your first visit to a strip club here in Hamburg".

We entered the dimly lit club, and took a seat away from the stage, where apparently the girls would strip, dance, and collect euros. There were about twenty men sitting at the tables around the club, and four up by the stage. Only one girl was on the stage. She was kneeling, totally naked, in front of one of the four men. She had her legs spread open, and was leaning back on the palms of her hands. She actually appeared to be just having a conversation with the man.

She leaned forward, pulled his head between her boobs, then started shaking them. He gave her some money, then she stood up and walked across the stage, shaking her hips in a little dance. She took a similar position in front of another man, and stayed there for a couple minutes. Those not sitting at the stage, would walk up, give her a nod, then drop money in a bucket, before exiting the club. It was quiet and dark, with the background music having been set low. Nothing like I expected.

Nathaniel went to the bar and returned with two cokes. I was glad he was only gone for less than a minute, since I was the only female in the place, other than the stripper. After visiting the four men at the stage, she walked down the stairs to the floor, then walked around greeting those at the tables. No one gave her any money, apparently you're supposed to put you tips in the bucket, as you leave.

I was fascinated as I watched her walking around from table to table, wearing absolutely nothing, Not even shoes. She kept her hands at her sides or on her hips, as her pussy was at eye level to those sitting at the tables. She was more relaxed than I was, and I was fully dressed! She headed our way, so I became incredibly anxious. She greeted us in German, wearing nothing but a smile. I smiled back, then took a sip of my coke, as Nathaniel talked with her for a minute.

She left our table, and returned to the stage. Two other men had made their way from their tables, to seats at the stage. I was amazed at how at ease she was. You would have thought we wear all naked, and she was fully clothed. I'd never seen anything like it. She rang a bell on the stage, danced for a bit, then took a position in front of one of the newcomers at the edge of the stage.

Nathaniel told me she had let him know her replacement was out that day, so she would be the only stripper for two hours. "Two Hours?', I thought to myself. "She was going to be naked in front of those already there, and any who came in afterwards, for Two whole Hours!" I couldn't imagine what that would be like. We finished out cokes, then I walked up to the stage to put some money in the bucket.

The woman walked over to me, smiled, and said, "Sit", as she knelt down in front of an empty chair. I awkwardly shook my head, "No", but she said, in a heavy accent, "Please, sit". I couldn't believe I was doing it, but I sat in the chair in front of her. She spread her legs wide open, leaned back on the palms of her hands, and said, "You American?" Unable to pry my eyes from the thin strip of pubic hair that went from the top of her open slit, to about two inches up, I replied, "Yes".

Nathaniel stayed in the background, as the woman, who must have known how uncomfortable I was, asked, "You fill in for me?" I looked up at her in disbelief, shaking my head, "NO!" She just smiled, and said, "O.k. Enjoy your stay in Hamburg", then stood up, and walked around the stage. My heart was pounding as I got up and walked to the door. Nathaniel obviously got a kick out of watching my encounter, as we left the strip club, and headed to the park.


Know the rules before you play. Part 3

Although the beautifully maintained lawns and gardens of the park were a welcome distraction, I was unable to get that stripper off my mind. I didn't even know her name. Her casual attitude about her own public nudity, was positively captivating. I couldn't escape the images of the nonchalant expressions on her face, as she conversed with all those in the club, while totally naked. I wished I had possessed that kind of courage and fortitude, especially in light of the fact, that I was going to play a roulette stripping game, on the stage of Leon's pub, in front of an audience in a few hours.

Nathaniel noticed my mind was somewhere else, so interrupted by saying, "Penny for your thoughts, Gina?" I turned to him, and blurted out, "If I lose tonight, promise me you'll signal me not to cover up. I don't want to look like some sort of "Pathetic Idiot", in front of all those people. I want to be more like that stripper at the club!" Nathaniel was obviously taken back by my request. He then replied, "I promise, Gina. Now try to relax. It will be fine".

We continued to stroll through the park, and stopped for some lunch at a riverside café. Nathaniel did his best to divert my attention, but the upcoming public strip game, along with the recollection of how that stripper was defiant against all that is socially acceptable, consumed my thoughts. The time until the roulette wheel strip game seemed to be closing in, yet a year away. I was torn between the anticipation of the event, and the dread of it's outcome.

Relatively sure we would have additional spending money by the end of the day, Nathaniel walked me around to some locations I might enjoy seeing. Never the types to count our chickens before they hatched, we walked passed them, he told me what to expect, but we did not spend a dime. It was now late afternoon, on that fateful Tuesday, so we decided to head back to Nathaniel's parents home.

Just a few blocks away, we were passing "Phillip's Strip Club" again, when I stopped in my tracks. "I feel like having a drink", I said to Nathaniel, with a tone that left no doubt, we were going in to have a drink. Always the gentleman, Nathaniel opened the door for me, and we entered the club. We had been gone for over three hours, and a new girl was up on stage. I looked towards the bar and "there she was", the stripper we met earlier, still completely naked and sitting on a bar stool.

She caught a glimpse of us, then walked over, gave me a hug, and said in her heavy German accent, "You change your mind ? You dance, Yes?" Still naked as the day she was born, she seemed to be oblivious to her circumstances. Seeing my expression, she realized I was not there to strip. Although I was happy she was still in the club because she inspired me, I was there for some liquid courage, for our upcoming public event.

It was 5:30 pm, so Nathaniel and I felt a beer would be best, since we had three hours remaining before we were to report to Leon's, for the game. The woman held out her hand to me, and said, "Hello. I'm Abagail". I took her hand, and replied, "Gina", positive my expression of admiration, was coming through. This woman looked like a country girl. With not a sign of cosmetic enhancements anywhere on her body, she was au' natural, and her attitude reflected it.

The club had at least twenty five more men at the bar and tables than earlier, and an additional four men sitting at the stage, waiting for the current stripper to make her way around to them. With now more than fifty patrons in the club, my new friend, Abagail, led Nathaniel and I to three empty bar stools. She took the stool in the middle.

I couldn't help it, but I knew I was ogling Abagail's naked body. She must have noticed me staring, because she then turned to Nathaniel, and said something in German. Nathaniel looked passed Abagail towards me, and said, "She asked if you were wondering why she was still naked, since another stripper was up on the stage". She turned to me, so I just shook me head, "Yes".

Abagail spun her bar stool around, with her legs spread open, revealing her natural size "C" breasts, and well trimmed pussy to anyone who wanted a glimpse, and replied in German, "Almost everyone here has seen me naked, countless times. Why should I get dressed, just because my shift is over ?" Nathaniel told me what she had said. I took a big swig of my beer, wishing I had an attitude toward public nudity that she had.

Nathaniel and I finished our beers, bid farewell to our new friend, Abagail, then started back to his parent's home. The entire time we were walking the four blocks back, my thoughts were again consumed with how Abagail was so confident, while she was totally naked in front of so may people. She was rapidly becoming my hero. We got back to the house with about two and a half hours left before we needed to head to Leon's for our game.

It seemed such a long time until we had to leave, I decided to lay out my matching bra and panty sets, to see which one I should wear. I had packed four sets for my trip, never imagining I would be trying to decide which color to wear for a roulette wheel strip game, that was about to take place on a stage in a public bar, in front of a live audience. I laid out all four sets on Nathaniel's parents bed. The matching bra and panty sets were pale blue, pastel pink, lime green and yellow.

I took a shower and dried off, including my hair, then stood naked in front of the mirror in Nathaniel's parent's bedroom. I brushed my hair out, then put it up in a pony tail. I then walked out to the living room, and asked Nathaniel to come help me pick out the right color for the game. He followed me into his parent's bedroom, looked down at the four bra and panty sets laid out on the bed, and said, "Pick anyone of them and follow me".

I picked up the first set in the order, pale blue, then followed Nathaniel into the living room. He told me to put on the bra and panties, then stand on the sturdy coffee table in the center of the room. I did as requested, knowing he was trying to simulate the conditions on stage, for out upcoming public strip game. The room had a high ceiling, so I was able to stand straight up with plenty of room to spare. I stood there, wearing just my bra and panties, with my hands on my hips, and said, "Now what?"

Nathaniel had already stripped down to his briefs, waiting his turn for the shower. He looked so good, as he began to explain how the game would play out, along with providing me with some helpful hints. That's when I found out he had played the game once before, but the woman was a member of the audience, not someone he knew. He told me we had to sign a waver, stating that we would play the game to it's conclusion.

I was a bit alarmed by this, but Nathaniel explained that a woman volunteered about a year ago. After loosing her footwear and shirt, still wearing her bra, panties and shorts, she panicked. She grabbed the lost articles and ran into the back room of the pub, where she put them back on, and ran out the back door. Leon held the game on Tuesdays, because it was his slowest night of the week. The weekly game had a cover charge that included all the draft beer you could drink, as long as you behaved yourself. The game had allowed Leon to make Tuesdays a bit more profitable.

When the woman ran off the stage, the crowd left and it took him months the get that business back. Now when you surrender an article of clothing, you must place it in a basket, that is raised up ten feet, by a rope. Each contestant has their own basket. The basket is lowered for the next piece of lost clothing, then raised back up. It's actually ingenious. No one's going to run out of the bar half naked. After hearing Nathaniel's explanation, I would have no problem with signing the waver. After all. A commitment is a commitment. Right?


Know the rules before you play. Part 4

Nathaniel looked up at me, and said, "Now Gina. Take off your bra, while imagining you're on stage at the pub". I reached behind my back, unclasped my bra and let the straps slide off my shoulders, then held it out towards him. He said, "Gina. You have to walk it over and place it in the basket. Use that chair (as he pointed) as the basket". Feeling a bit ridiculous, I stepped off the coffee table, walked the six feet to the chair, placed my bra on the seat cushion, then returned to my place on the coffee table.

Nathaniel turned on some loud music, leaving me standing there in just my panties. After about three minutes, I complained, "Nathaniel! What's next?", yelling over the loud music. He turned the music down, then said, "Gina. There are a maximum of nine spins of the wheel until one of us ends up naked. Although I've never seen it happen, technically one of us could end up naked with only five spins of the wheel".

"Leon will prolong the game for the benefit of his customers, while narrating the event in his usual humorous way. He will take several breaks from the action to egg on the crowd, leaving us standing there in whatever state of dress we are in. Say you were to lose everything but your panties. You could end up standing there like that, for five minutes or more, until he spins the wheel again", Nathaniel continued, as he turned the music back up.

Tryin hard to visualize a hundred people staring at me, I decided to practice keeping my hands at my sides, or on my hips or better yet, my butt cheeks. Anywhere was better than using them to cover up my bare breasts. Standing there, wearing just my panties, while the music was blaring, made it seem like time was standing still. Nathaniel went into the kitchen, then returned holding a glass of beer. It seemed everyone in Germany had beer on hand. He held up the beer and started chanting, "Take them off! Take them off!"

I started to laugh, as he looked so silly, yet so cute. He pointed to my panties, indicating it was time to remove them. He then yelled out over the music, "Gina! It's like pulling off a Band-Aid! Do it fast!" Keeping in the spirit of the moment, I quickly removed my panties, stepped off the coffee table and placed them next to my bra, on the chair. The music was so loud, I could barely hear him say, "Now back to your pedestal".

I made my way back to the coffee table, stepped up on it, then turned around, focusing on my hand placement. I found if I placed my hands on my outer butt cheeks, and slid my pinky fingers under the leg openings of my panties, it was like having an imaginary set of handcuffs. I know it sounds weird, but it helped remind me not to use my hands to cover either my tits or my pussy. I may be publicly humiliated tonight, but shielding my naked body would only make it worse.

With the music still blaring and Nathaniel still cheering me on, I repeated the process, using my three remaining bra and panty sets. This was a welcome distraction until it was time for us to get ready to go. After I completed my "Orientation into the "World of Public Strip Games", we both decided 'Yellow" was the best color for the event. Nathaniel took a shower, while I chose the rest of my wardrobe for the evening.

I chose my solid navy blue skirt, that came down to the middle of thighs, a red T-shirt and sandals. I chose the skirt and top because their solid dark colors would prevent my yellow bra and panties from being seen through the fabric. If they were going to end up on display for the audience, I didn't want to give a preview. Nathaniel returned to the living room, wearing his signature white bikini briefs, (which only I would know about for now) tan cargo shorts, a green plaid button up shirt, matching tan vest and sandals. We looked pretty good, if I do say so myself.

It was finally time to start the fifteen minute walk to Leon's pub. When we arrived and entered the pub at 8:30, there were about fifty to sixty people there. Most were drinking beer and minding their own business. Nathaniel and I made out way to the bar, where Leon was standing, with two waivers laid out before him. Nathaniel signed his without even looking at it. I signed next. The waivers were written in German, so I couldn't read it anyway. Once committed, we decided to have a beer to calm the nerves.

"This will be a piece cake", I thought to myself", as I looked around. That was until I watched the crowd numbers double, in less that ten minutes. By the time 9:00 arrived, and Nathaniel and I were on our pedestals, the customer count was at the establishment limit of two hundred people. I realized how badly I had miscalculated. I had counted chairs and barstools, never taking into consideration, many of the customers would be standing. I was still fully clothed, but could feel the burning of my skin, brought on by embarrassment

From the audience perspective, Nathaniel was on the left, I was on the right, and Leon and the roulette wheel were in the center of the stage. Leon picked up a microphone and started talking in German, as he pointed to a large monitor, positioned slightly to my left. His words were coming across the monitor in English. He was welcoming the crowd to "Leon's Weekly "WHEEL OF MISFORTUNE" Game. The place erupted with the cheers of the crowd.

He then introduced Nathaniel, to a large applause from the audience. Next he introduced me, to a much larger applause. I watched as the crowd was hooting and hollering, as they waited in anticipation of the start of the game. I started using the monitor as a diversion, when I felt overwhelmed. Leon explained the rules, then announced the time had come for the opening spin of the wheel, to kick off the game.

He spun the wheel to the roar of the crowd. As the wheel slowed down, the Tick-Tick-Tick of the pegs, as they passed the stop at the top of the wheel, made the suspense excruciating. The wheel stopped on a Queen, as the whistles and cheers were elevated. At first I thought I had lost, until Leon said, "Nathaniel! Please surrender an article of clothing. I watched as his basket was lowered from above,

Ever the showman, Nathaniel hopped off the pedestal, then kick off his sandals, so he was able to grab them in mid-air. "What a 'Show Off', I thought to myself. He then waved to the cheering crowd, as he jumped back up on his pedestal. Leon playfully said, "I think we have an acrobat in the house! What do you think ladies?", as the women cheered him on. I was now observing the crowd as Leon continued to speak, so I never knew what he said. He just spun the wheel for a second time.

The cheers and whistles seem constant, as the wheel slowed down, then stopped on a King. "Gina! Please surrender an article of clothing", Lean called out. Averse to being a copycat, yet not to be outdone, I slowly removed my sandals, meekly stepped off the pedestal, and made my way to the lowering basket. Once the basket stopped, I held my sandals above it, turned to the audience, gave them my best 'Pouty Face', as I dropped the sandals in the basket.

The applause was deafening, and came from both men and women. I looked up to Nathaniel, as he gave me a, "That a Girl" wink, and returned to my pedestal. By this time I figured it really didn't matter what Leon was saying, and found myself mesmerized by the cheering crowd. Leon spun the wheel for the third time. To my horror, it came up Kings again. I now faced a crucial decision. I know most women would have removed their T-shirt next, but mine was tucked in my skirt, and only I knew it came down passed my crotch.

You would have thought Germany had won the "World Cup" based on the applause from the crowd in the pub, as I unzipped the back of my skirt, and let it fall to the floor around my ankles. I casually stepped out of it, picked up the skirt and neatly folded it, then made my way to deposit it in the lowered basket. Knowing I had only surrendered about six inches of bare thigh, I watched as the basket was then again raised up, about five feet above me. I waved to the crowd, in appreciation for the applause, and returned to my pedestal.

Naked from the bottom of my feet, right up to about two inches below the gap between my thighs, I knew my yellow panties must have been noticed by some in the audience, as I stepped back up on the raised platform. I turned around, once again facing the crowd, with an expression that must have epitomized my true inner feelings. "I am utterly embarrassed, and I can't believe I'm doing this", while clasping my hands behind my back, and smiling at the audience.

Leon paraded around the stage, giving his usual amusing and humorous anecdotes about my decision to surrender my skirt, rather than my shirt. I was becoming fidgety, standing on my pedestal, as I was watching both men and women cheering me on. All of a sudden, I could hear the "'Tell Tale" clicking of the roulette wheel, as I was hoping I would not lose the next round. A Queen came up! Nathaniel removed his vest, placed it in his basket, then returned to his pedestal, with little fanfare.

Nathaniel and I were both down to three articles of clothing, when it finally hit me. I could end up naked up here! WTF ? So consumed with my immediate situation, I was unaware that Leon was about to spin the wheel for the fifth time. I heard the ominous sound of the clicking of the wheel, as I turned towards the wheel, watching it slow down. Click-Click-Click was the last sound I heard, before Leon call out, "It's a King! Gina! Please surrender an article of clothing!"

The roar of the crowd was reverberating, as I realized I had no choice but to remove my T-shirt, and place it in the basket, leaving me with nothing but my bra and panties for cover. I remembered what Nathaniel had said earlier. "Gina! It's like pulling off a Band-Aid. Do it fast". I took a deep breath, ripped off my T-shirt, to the pleasure of the audience, then took it to the basket, and dropped it in. I then turned towards the crowd, wearing nothing but my bra and panties, blew them a few kisses, before I returned to my pedestal.

I put my hands on my outer butt cheeks, tucking my pinky fingers inside the leg opening of my panties, as I had practiced earlier. It seemed like forever before Leon would spin the wheel again. He kept walking around me, while speaking to the audience through his microphone. When I turned to the monitor, my heart skipped a few beats. I realized Leon was describing my bra and panties, as if he was the announcer of a "Victoria Secrets Event", and I was the model on the runway.

The audience was laughing, cheering, hollering, whistling and clapping, so I decided to do the same. I stood on my pedestal, and clapped my hands together, as Leon continued his commentary, concerning my bra and panties. I kept looking at him, yet maintaining my "I Can't Believe I'm Doing This", smile. He finally returned to center stage, and spun the wheel for the sixth time.



