Jack parked his truck at the end of his driveway because he would be doing some work on the cabin and needed the space. He wasn't really expecting any company and was surprised when he saw a car sitting in front of his cabin. The plates told him it was a rental. He wondered whom it was until her heard a squeal and a splash followed by "Vala!"

He knew Daniel's voice even if he hadn't really heard it for a few years. Of course he had heard it a few weeks ago, Daniel had been talking low and his voice full of emotion. Jack rounded to the back of his cabin to find Daniel standing on the dock and Vala swimming in the small lake that was part of his property. Jack saw the clothes sitting at Daniel's feet and thought that she must be naked.

"Don't worry about me, Daniel. The Jackass is once again watching us. I'm in a swimsuit and will keep myself occupied with play. You said you wanted privacy, I'm giving it to you," Vala said. Daniel turned around to look at Jack. He smiled and waved at Jack. Jack forced a smile and waved back. Daniel turned back to Vala and stared at her for a few seconds before he started walking towards Jack.

"Jack," Daniel said. He held out a hand for Jack to shake. Jack shook it and waited a few seconds to see if Daniel was going to do anything. He didn't. "Maybe we should go inside. We have a few things to talk about, if you want to patch this up."

"I do," Jack said. He motioned for Daniel to go in front of him into the cabin. He sidetracked into the bathroom and grabbed a towel. He held it up and when Daniel nodded, he went outside to set it on the dock. Vala was too busy swimming to notice and he just went back inside. He saw the letter on the coffee table and Daniel was looking at the pictures on the mantel. Jack remembered what he said in the letter.

Daniel,

I know this comes too long after our fight but I'm sorry. I let my past get in the way of our past. I want to patch this up. But you have to be willing.

Jack

Jack remembered what Vala had said outside, once again watching us. That meant that he had been caught.

"Security was reviewing the tapes for that week and they caught you standing there. Only Vala and I knew what you had been watching. The cameras don't catch anything that happens on the porch and none get sounds."

"Why were they set up?"

"To protect us, there are those that would love to get a hold of me because I was ascended and Vala because she used to have a Goa'uld in her. Now I am not going to call you a pervert or a voyeur. I know that you didn't actually watch the sex as much as our faces. Now, you left before we could talk this out. Why?"

"I knew that it wasn't my place anymore. Teal'c and Vala have your back."

"Teal'c took over as a great friend and Vala is my wife. But I've missed you, Jack." Jack looked up at Daniel for the first time since he had come back inside. Daniel's eyes were sincere and Jack ducked his head again. He had hurt Daniel so many times over the years; he'd shoved Daniel aside only to go back when he needed the younger man.

"I want to patch things up. I just hope that I can be a better friend this time around."

"I know you can do it. If nothing outside affects you," Daniel said. Jack looked up to see the look in Daniel's eyes. Daniel wouldn't take what Jack had done in the past.

"I think that Vala has rubbed off on you a bit. You are a lot stronger than you used to be."

"Her and Teal'c. Sam and I aren't getting along right now. Not after you came around and left just after."

"Why, that was the only way I was moving back, was if I patched things up with you,"

"She's had romantic notions on you for years, Jack."

"What? No, I never...really?" Jack asked looking shocked. Daniel laughed a true laugh. Something Jack hadn't heard for a while. Jack heard barking outside the cabin followed by a splash.

"Great, wet dog," Daniel said.

"You brought your dog?" Jack asked.

"The whole family, as Vala puts it. I think we have the first dog that understands Goa'uld better than English," Daniel said.

"So that was the language that Vala was speaking to it."

"Yeah."

"So what is his, her name?"

"Her name is Libby," Daniel said as he moved to a window to look out. He saw Vala and Libby playing in the lake.

"You really love her?"

"Yes, I do."

"I'm glad, Danny. I really am. That you are happy and that you've found someone," Jack said. He moved to hug Daniel. Letting the touch ground him. Letting it remind him of how stupid he had been.

"What about you?" Daniel asked as he pulled back from Jack. Jack shrugged.

"I kinda like where I am," Jack said with a smile. Daniel stared at him for a while before he nodded and smiled at well. A knock came at the cabin door.

"Our flight leaves soon," Vala said then Jack heard her walk away.

"You weren't here when we thought you would be. I guess this will have to be done over the phone," Daniel said.

"How long have you been here?" Jack asked. Daniel looked at his watch.

"Three hours. We walked around the property for a while." Daniel blushed and ducked his head. Jack laughed.

"Found that little hill that over looks the other lake didn't you?" Jack asked. Daniel nodded.

"If you find a pair of boxers, their mine, Vala threw them and we have no clue where they ended up."

"Sure, I'll mail them." Daniel laughed and hugged Jack.

"Bye, Jack."

"Bye, Danny."