Chapter 9 -

A/N: Katie: *gigglesnort* I love this chapter. Mr. President. Hahahahahahaha.

Scarlet: Oh God….;; and you think I'm a crack-kitty…'tch you are not allowed to talk ANYMORE EVER….

Katie: Shut up, you know Mr. President was a hilarious idea and I came up with it and I don't usually come up with cracky stuff.

Scarlet: Shut up Miss "Caffeine loosens the internal anal sphincter muscles"….

Katie: Hahahahahahahahahahahaha! At the end of the chapter you get to find out what that's about. XD XD XD XD

Scarlet: I just created a monster…run while you still can.

Disclaimer: We own Ryomoka and nothing else but the awesomeness. I guess we sort of own the cabin and whatnot. *shrug*

Warnings: There's a wee bit of lime, and us arguing through the characters. You can probably tell who's whom. Cannibalism.

Eiji smiled as Oishi cuddled up to him. He decided once again that the vice captain was the best match for him. Of course he liked the bouts of random crazy sex that he could count on with Tezuka and Fuji, but he knew nothing would ever be better than Oishi gently touching him, sliding in and out of him, whispering sweet sappy things into his ear... He let out a breathy moan as Oishi's hands worked across his back and pulled him closer. Oishi was in the orgasm provoked fog right before sleep, content, warm, and sated. Eiji tucked his chin under Oishi's head and drifted off to sleep. Only when Oishi felt the breathing of his partner even out did the second let himself be swept away.

Taka-san listened to the exchange between his kohai, his head buried beneath his covers so they wouldn't know he was awake. He hadn't meant to eavesdrop, but they had roused him from the half-sleep he'd been in when they'd entered the room, and he hadn't wanted to say anything to them. Besides, he doubted they would do anything even thinking he was asleep-Ryoma barely wanted to sleep with Momo in total privacy behind locked doors, let alone with someone else in the room, asleep or not.

Taka found himself feeling bad for Momo. Their bratty kohai couldn't have been the most manageable boyfriend to have-he was prudish and aloof, and Momo was the type to want lots of physical affection. Taka honestly wasn't sure how they'd ended up together, which made him wonder if they really liked each other that way or if they were just comfortable with each other and that had led them to think they wanted a relationship.

But despite being fairly simple-minded-or perhaps because of it-Momo had never been the type to be confused by his feelings. They were what they were, and Momo knew what they were, even if he was too proud to admit them. It was Echizen who would be confused by his feelings for his sempai, and that was what worried Taka-san. He didn't want to see Momo hurt.

Still, something in his subconscious told him that the last thing Ryoma wanted to do was hurt Momo, so he allowed himself to drift off, falling into a deep sleep.

"Mommy?" a small voice called into the kitchen. A yelp and some panicked shuffling later, a blushing Kaidoh came into Osakada Ryomoka's sleep-blurred vision next to a disgruntled Haru-nii-chan.

"What are you doing out of bed?" Kaidoh asked, trying to keep the annoyance from his voice.

"Mommy..." Ryomoka held her arms up in a silent demand to be picked up.

Kaidoh picked up the girl, then with a shake of his head said, "Kaoru-nii-chan, Ryomoka, not 'Mommy'..."

Inui sighed and sat down at the table, sighing in irritation, as his boyfriend threw an apologetic look over his shoulder on his way up the stairs. The four-year-old was adorable, but quite frankly, he was used to having an overtly healthy sex life. Since this vacation had started, or more, since a certain little girl had decided to monopolize his partner's time, his sex life was not so healthy. He was half glad they were taking her home after lunch tomorrow. Absently he wondered if he could make that thing Fuji had requested of him without Kaidoh knowing. Then he brushed the thought away, even though he thought Kaidoh would make the perfect mother. Granted, he couldn't be mistaken for a girl like the tensai, but that was perfectly okay with Inui. The data player's thoughts drifted off to mental images of Kaidoh holding a blanket wrapped bundle and smiling warmly. When a clock chimed from somewhere in the house he was knocked out of his daydreaming and looked at said clock. Kaidoh had been gone for fifteen minutes. Where was the other boy? Inui got up from his seat and began up the stairs.

Kaidoh was already asleep, fully dressed, sprawled on the bed with Ryomoka curled up on his chest. Despite his annoyance at not getting any (he was still a little turned on, though Ryomoka was a good antidote for erections), he found the sight absolutely adorable. Smiling softly, Inui scooted Kaidoh's legs over and curled up in bed next to him. His hand lay on Kaidoh's stomach, slightly touching Ryomoka's hand. Unconsciously, Ryomoka wrapped her tiny fingers around Inui's pointer finger. He decided, as he drifted off to sleep, that if he and Kaidoh ever had a daughter, he hoped she'd be just like Ryomoka.

The next morning Ryuzaki-sensei and Taka-san were awake first again; both seemed to be early risers. Much to their shock the next person down was Fuji; it had been obvious the day before had been stressful for him. Oishi came down only moments later with a goofy smile on his face.

"Come look at this!" He half-dragged the team upstairs and into the bedroom he shared with Eiji and the other Seigaku doubles team.

Eiji was peeking over the footboard of Inui and Kaidoh's bed with little stars in his eyes. Inui, Kaidoh, and Ryomoka were all curled up together on their bed. Kaidoh was curled up against Inui, and Ryomoka had nestled herself between the two. Inui's long arm stretched protectively over both of the smaller bodies.

"What are they going to do when she goes home?" Fuji mused quietly.

"Screw like rabbits," Ryuzaki said as she turned to leave. It was cute, but she did not want to be here when Kaidoh woke up.

The four boys turned back to look at her before a small voice piped up, "What's screw like wabbits mean?"

"WAH!" The four tennis players turned back around to see Ryomoka sitting up between her current guardians with a curious look on her face. She tugged at the sleeve of her nightgown and yawned before another question came. "Whatcha lookin' at, Nii-chans?"

Kaidoh had sat up behind the girl and looked like he wanted blood. "Ryomoka-chan, who taught you those words?" He was obviously annoyed, but even so the embarrassed blush still showed through.

By the time Ryomoka had pointed at the door Ryuzaki-sensei had already disappeared.

"Wake up, Echizen."

Ryoma mumbled something unintelligible and burrowed his face further into Momo's chest.

"Come on, get up. I want breakfast."

"No."

"Can't you just let me up? Then you can go right back to sleep."

"Don't want to."

Momo grinned. "You just want to stay all cuddled up to me." Ryoma's ears, the only part of him currently visible besides his hair, flushed to a bright red, but he said nothing. Momo smirked. "Well, I'm hungry, so if you're not going to get up by yourself..." He sat up abruptly and swept Ryoma into his arms bridal-style, his smaller boyfriend yelping in surprise.

"Momo-sempai! Put me down!"

"No!"

Ryoma lifted his head and glared at his boyfriend, his lips set in a grumpy pout. They parted to demand, "Put me down, now..." Momo relented with a good-natured laugh and sat on the edge of their bed with Ryoma in his lap. "Stay..." Momo smiled at the word. The unknown question that it was.

"Only for you." He smiled again and pulled the covers back over them as he fell backwards into the blankets and pillows, cuddling his precious kohai.

"Syusuke?" Tezuka reached a hand out to grasp at the figure that had escaped his arms sometime during the night only to find he wasn't there. Immediately he sat up. It didn't take two seconds for him to survey the room, not find his boyfriend there, pull on his boxers, and rush out of his room in order to find his most valued possession.

"Fuji!" Tezuka called as he tore through the top and middle floors of the cabin.

"Buchou?" Kaidoh asked peeking out of his room.

"Tezuka...!" Oishi tried to get his attention as the senior raced past the doorway again.

"Tezuka-buchou!" Eiji shouted as he grabbed his arm, bringing him to a halt. "Fujiko-chan's right here!" He guided the little tensai into Tezuka's arms to diffuse any further panic-induced mayhem.

"Don't scare me like that! I thought you left me..." Tezuka ran his hands over the smaller boy and whispered into his ear, more to soothe himself than anything.

"There is a one hundred percent chance that you need to finish getting dressed, Tezuka..." Inui appeared behind Kaidoh.

"Mitsu-nii-chan and Syu-nii-chan are all better! YAY!" Ryomoka hugged their legs before running to the last bedroom, "Ryoma-nii-chan! Momo-nii-chan! They're all better!" She pounded on their door.

"She's definitely Tomoka's sister..." Momo whispered huffily into Ryoma's hair as his boyfriend's namesake disturbed their cuddling.

"Ryoma-nii, Momo-nii, get UP! You gots to spend lots of time with me today because I have to go home, okay!" Ryomoka pulled herself up onto the bed and jumped on them. "Please please please get up!"

"Kaidoh-sempai!" Ryoma yelled irritably.

"C'mon, Ryoma, we should be up anyway." Momo moved to sit up, but Ryoma tugged him back down.

"Sleep," the freshman insisted.

"Liar. You want to be cuddled, admit it."

"Do not."

"Do too." Momo picked Ryomoka up and stood, holding his hand out to Ryoma, who took it grudgingly and let Momo pull him out of bed. "Later," Momo whispered in his ear, "we can do some post-sex cuddling, ne?"

"What's sex?"

"Kaidoh-sempai!" Ryoma yelled again, walking out of the room and away from his boyfriend and namesake.

"I can't wait to see him as a parent," Kaidoh said as he took Ryomoka from Momo. Momo groaned at the thought.

"Kaoru-nii-chan... what's sex?"

"It's grown-up things..."

"Oh! Okay!" She scrambled down from his arms and ran down the stairs.

"Well, she's going to be hyper today, ne?" Oishi walked past Kaidoh hand in hand with Eiji.

"It seems that way, Oishi-sempai..."

"Morning, Fujiko!" Eiji said cheerfully, sitting next to Fuji at the table. He leaned over to plant a quick kiss on the tensai's cheek. "Sleep well?"

"Fine," Fuji said. "You?"

"I slept great! I always sleep really well after... you know..."

"Sex?"

Eiji flushed. "Uh-huh. Didn't you and Tezuka do it last night?"

"Oh... yeah."

"...Fujiko, he didn't..."

"No! No, of course not, Eiji." Fuji smiled. "Don't worry, I'm fine."

Tezuka came down the stairs just then and took a seat on Fuji's other side, leaning forward to kiss Fuji. The tensai responded after hesitating for a moment, and Eiji sighed. He was sure Fuji would be back to normal after he and Tezuka worked things out, but it seemed like Fuji was still a little uneasy about being around Tezuka.

"What would be wrong with him, Eiji?" Oishi set a plate in front of his boyfriend before sitting on his other side.

"Nothing, Shuu-chan." Eiji leaned over and nuzzled Oishi's neck affectionately.

Fuji smiled at their interactions, sneaking a brief look at his boyfriend. Tezuka was relaxed; everything was in harmony, as much as it could be, on his team again. He did notice Fuji's behavior had yet to fully straighten out to normal, and he was sneaking glances at him every so often.

"Ryoma would make a great parent!" Momo half shouted. Kaidoh set Ryomoka down and watched her scamper off to Taka before turning to give Momo a 'yeah right' look. "Okay... so he might be a little rough at first but-" He didn't get the chance to finish as Kaidoh walked away to sit beside Inui at the table.

"Mada mada dane, Momo-sempai." Ryoma appeared behind the taller brunette. Momo slipped a hand around Ryoma to rest comfortably on his side.

"Ryoma-nii-chan! Momo-nii-chan! Look!" Ryomoka held up a plate of breakfast turned smiley-face courtesy of Taka-san.

Over at the table Inui was simmering as the other four seniors discussed the past few nights romps, in particular a certain duo's rules. He hadn't hardly gotten any since they'd arrived, between Kaidoh getting mad at him at the restaurant and then Ryomoka's appearance shortly thereafter.

"Buchou, that's not fair, it was my fault, not Fujiko's!" Eiji stood up behind Fuji protectively.

"It doesn't matter, Kikumaru, Oishi and I will not tolerate it." Tezuka's voice left no room for argument. If Eiji had truly been a cat his tail would have been lashing and a growl would have been badly contained behind closed lips.

"Eiji, those are the rules we have agreed upon..."

The redhead cut off Oishi. "How come you get to make all the rules?"

Oishi lifted a finger to retort but couldn't say anything. Eiji was right. The rules were being subjected to them... it made sense that they got a say in them... He looked at Tezuka for help.

"Yes, you should get a say in them, but Oishi and I are the ones who have to live with this, and I think it's reasonable that you don't do the things that make us the most uncomfortable."

"And everything beyond kissing makes you uncomfortable?" Fuji demanded.

"To be honest," Oishi said, "kissing makes us uncomfortable, but we're willing to accept that, aren't we? Tezuka's right, I think you two should respect that there are certain things we're uncomfortable with-and certain things that you just shouldn't do when you're already in a relationship with someone."

Fuji leaned back against his chair, frowning deeply. "But when we're all four together..."

"Then it's fine, obviously," Oishi said uneasily. "What do you think, Tezuka?"

Tezuka nodded. "As long as during those times you don't focus completely on each other."

"Well, it would be the only time we get to-"

"What did you tell us last time? It's not much of a foursome if you two are the only ones participating." Oishi winked at Eiji, and the acrobat smiled.

"I guess it's all right with me, then... Fujiko-chan?"

Fuji sighed. "Fine."

"We only do it because we love you," Oishi said.

"Yes, yes. Taka-san, put wasabi in my eggs, please?"

"Of course, Fujiko!" Taka threw a smile over his shoulder.

"How come Syuu-nii and Eiji-nii get to kiss, but nothing else? Will they get seftual diseases?" Ryomoka looked at her quartet of nii-chans with wide eyes.

Eiji's cheeks turned as red as his hair, and Tezuka, Oishi and Fuji quickly followed. "Ryomoka-chan, Eiji and I won't get each other sick. Tezuka and Oishi are just worried that Eiji and I will love each other so much that we don't love them anymore. Isn't that

silly?" Ryomoka giggled before turning her attention to something else.

"Fuji why did you tell her that?" Tezuka gave him a mild glare.

"What exactly should I tell her then?" Fuji asked him.

Tezuka leaned in to kiss Fuji again, happy to see some of his normal attitude back. Fuji's hesitance was much less this time, but when Tezuka moved to pull Fuji closer his hand was pushed away. Taka set a plate in front of the tensai and was promptly thanked.

Tezuka sighed and bitterly took a bite of his toast.

"That's not exactly it, Fuji..." Oishi protested.

"Oh? What is it, then? You're jealous. I know that much."

Oishi sighed. "Perhaps this isn't the place to discuss this..."

"We already know everything, Oishi," Inui offered from across the table. "Proceed."

"Well... it's rather... hurtful. I don't understand why you need each other on the side. Are Tezuka and I not..." Oishi flushed, but continued, "satisfying enough?"

Eiji chewed his bottom lip. "It's not like that, Oishi! It's just... I don't know..."

"So what you're saying," Fuji cut in, "is that you're worried Eiji and I will start liking each other better."

"No. I'm saying that I wish the two of you would discuss this with us and maybe we could try to fix whatever the problem is, rather than going off with each other. It's practically cheating." 

"How?" Fuji said incredulously.

"You're feeling unfulfilled so you're developing a physical relationship with someone on the side. It's textbook cheating."

"You know about it, so-"

"Lots of people involved in relationships know their partner is cheating, and it doesn't make it okay, it just makes it even worse!"

"Oishi, Fuji, Kikumaru, upstairs now!" Tezuka's voice boomed as bickering broke out.

The other three trudged up the stairs, hearing a quiet, "Mitsu-nii, don't be too mean to them..."

The door was harshly shut, not slammed, for Tezuka Kunimitsu never slammed doors. The other couple sat on the edge of his bed, both staring into their laps. Fuji stood beside Eiji quietly.

"We need to talk about this now," he said.

"Tezuka, we will abide by your rules, it's fine," Fuji said before trying to maneuver around his boyfriend to leave.

"Fuji, we are talking now." Tezuka caught his wrist and pulled him back. "Look, go sit over next to Kikumaru and we will sort everything out, you can tell your side. Maybe we, Oishi and I, will understand you two better, ne?" Tezuka ran his thumbs across Fuji's cheeks. He kissed the tensai's pixie face and led him over to the bed.

"So…?" Eiji said to no one in particular.

Tezuka rubbed the bridge of his nose. "I believe Oishi and I are of the same opinion," he began. "Neither of us feels comfortable with you two having a side relationship because, really, it's not exactly fair to us. When we started dating-" he paused, failing to figure out a way to modify his sentence so it included all four of them- "we agreed to enter into a monogamous relationship. Oishi is right-if there's something unfulfilling about our current respective relationships, we should try to work it out with each other, rather than taking the course that ends so many relationships: cheating, or even just dating other people. Open relationships take away from the relationship on a personal level-neither of you can say that sex isn't much more..." Tezuka frowned, searching for the word in his head, "special when it's with someone you love and are committed to."

"Tezuka, Eiji and I do not have or need to have anything other than a platonic relationship. It's just a way of showing affection. You and Oishi have a strong friendship, you are just more subtle in showing it. Eiji and I wish to show each other that friendship in a deeper way."

"Neither of you are unfulfilling, promise." Eiji snuggled to Fuji's side. "Plus if we didn't do all the things we did then think of all the funny moments you would have missed..." Eiji smiled brightly.

Oishi laid his head in his hand, "This is your way of showing friendship?"

Eiji pulled Fuji snuggly into his lap. "Yes, it is..." He stroked the brown locks between his fingers.

Tezuka shook his head and looked up at Eiji holding Fuji so close to him.

"Typically one's reason for showing that sort of affection towards another is for romantic or sexual purposes, Syusuke..." Tezuka said, clearly dissatisfied with Fuji's answer.

"And when have you ever known me to be typical, Kunimitsu?" Fuji retorted.

"It's just very frustrating." Tezuka sighed. "Oishi?"

"I think what Tezuka means is that, well, that sort of thing-kissing and whatnot-is supposed to be, you know, reserved for certain people who are-well, special, and while I'm not saying you aren't special to each other, relationships and friendships are different... if you freely act similarly to others as you do to your significant other, it isn't special to the person for whom it's supposed to be..."

Tezuka nodded.

"Well then, we'll just have to treat you two extra special, won't we, Eiji?" Fuji quipped.

Eiji giggled. "Yep!"

"No, that's not..." Tezuka stopped to try and think of how he wanted to word what he want to say. "Oishi and I do not want any actions between the two of you to go past kissing. If it does there will be consequences. We want those things to be reserved for only us..."

"You're jealous." Fuji's tone was snarky as he crawled off of Eiji's lap to straddle Tezuka's. Nimble fingers undid the buttons on Tezuka's shirt, and warm lips followed the fingers. "I'm not going to neglect you," he whispered against the seme's neck.

"Oishi?" Eiji looked at the darker haired male.

"Go ahead," Oishi relented.

Eiji went to Fuji's side and dipped down to kiss Tezuka. When he broke for air he turned to Oishi. "I love you."

"I love you too, Eiji, but I don't think that's the point..."

"No, it's not," Tezuka agreed. "Syusuke, hold on a minute. There are certain things you do with the person you love that you don't do with anyone else, and that's that. I'm not worried about you 'neglecting my needs'."

Fuji studied Tezuka for a moment, his expression glum. "You are so narrow-minded, Mitsu. We're just having fun."

"So this is to kill boredom? Play a game. Better yet, come find me and I will find a way to entertain you. I daresay I'm capable."

Fuji smirked. "You are that, after all."

"I prefer that you keep your relationship with Kikumaru platonic, Syusuke, because I want to be the only person you are intimate with. Is that so much to ask?"

"No, I suppose not... besides in situations like the current one, ne?"

Tezuka's usual frown tightened a bit with the effort not to smile. "Right."

Eiji poked his ribs. "Buchou's smiling!"

Fuji smiled wider. "I believe he is, Eiji."

Oishi leaned over to look at the rare sight. "Let me see!"

At this point color began to move into the captain's cheeks, and he squirmed to get Fuji off of him.

"Aw, it's gone now!" Eiji whined.

"Oh!" Fuji gasped a bit. "I think Kunimitsu has a bit of a problem..." He rolled his hips down against his still squirming boyfriend's.

"We can't have that!" A devious glint flashed though Eiji's eyes.

"Or, we could always just make it worse..." Fuji slipped off of Tezuka to hover over Eiji, "Like we did last time?" He leaned down and kissed his less experienced partner; a predatory look settled over the usually calm and "sweet" tensai.

Something in the back of Tezuka's brain told him he really shouldn't be finding this incredibly hot, but he was, and he knew Oishi was too, and it was reverting to something very much like two nights ago, which he realized through his now lust-fogged mind probably wasn't a good thing.

"Syusuke," he tried to interrupt, but Fuji was very much involved in shoving his tongue down Eiji's throat. "Syusuke." Still nothing. "SYUSUKE!"

Fuji blinked at him, his hand stilling over the button of Eiji's jeans. "Yes, Kunimitsu?"

"It's ten o'clock in the morning."

"...So?"

"So, we're taking Ryomoka home today, and it's ten o'clock in the morning-we have things to do today, things not involving another orgy-"

Eiji pouted. "But Buchou... we're all already hard!" he whined.

"I'd much rather lose a bit of time with Ryomoka than walk around with a hard on..." Fuji slid off of his friend and crossed his arms childishly.

"We cannot do this, Syusuke..."

"Buchou... let me take care of him... to make up for yesterday...?" Tezuka grunted as a soft touch over the front of his jeans from his boyfriend further aroused him. "Go ahead." His voice strained a bit as Fuji's hand increased pressure.

"Oishi, come over here." Two slender fingers hooked in the fukubuchou's belt loop and pulled him next to Fuji.

"Taka-nii! Can I help?" Ryomoka lifted her arms, and Taka picked her up obligingly.

"Sure, Ryomoka-chan. Do you help your mommy in the kitchen a lot?"

"Uh-huh! I can crack eggs really good!"

"Really well, Ryo-chan," Inui corrected.

Ryomoka furrowed her brows in confusion, and then she smiled. "Haru-nii is really smart! Taka-nii, can I crack the eggs, please?"

"Okay. Here, let me get you a chair..."

Kaidoh and Inui watched as Ryomoka helped Taka with breakfast. Inui glanced at Kaidoh and noticed the small smile on his face. "You're going to miss her," he said matter-of-factly. "There's a one hundred percent chance."

Kaidoh shrugged, the corners of his mouth dropping into a frown. "We all live in Tokyo. We'll see her again." Still, Kaidoh looked rather forlorn and wistful as he said this, and Inui got the feeling he didn't expect much.

"Her parents would probably let us baby sit her occasionally," Inui said. "There's an eighty percent chance. There's a seventy-two percent chance Tomoka asks for payment when she baby sits her, so if we offered to do it for free, I'm sure they'd let us look after her."

"Yeah." Kaidoh smiled at him. "Thank you, Sempai."

Inui's lips curved into a hint of a smile as he watched his kohai watching the girl.

The emerald pair's attention was redirected at the sound of someone coming down the stairs. Their rather smug looking resident tensai was followed by their acrobat.

"Where are Tezuka and Oishi?" Taka asked, turning his attention away from the food.

"They are..." Eiji broke into a fit of giggles.

"Indisposed, shall we say?" Fuji swiped his glass from his earlier seat at the table.

"You didn't hurt them, did you, Fuji-sempai?" Kaidoh quirked an eyebrow.

"Of course not, Kaidoh-kun." Fuji's smile grew slightly.

"Taka-nii!" Ryomoka pulled worriedly at his sleeve as the scent of burning eggs filled the room.

"How does it always get turned around on us like this?" Oishi panted from half beneath Tezuka, who had pulled him close to cuddle out of habit with Fuji. Somehow the fukubuchou was a bit mentally sobered.

"Shut up..." Tezuka grumbled. His fogged brain was in no state to think about the torturing twosome and their antics. It only cared to wallow in the bliss of an Eiji-induced orgasm.

"We really shouldn't let this go on," Oishi continued, ignoring Tezuka. "Don't you think it might get, well, awkward? After a while, we have to go back to, you know, monogamy, and while I know that sounds crazy-" Sarcasm sounded odd on Oishi's tongue, and Tezuka could tell from it how upset Oishi was by the whole situation- "someday this isn't going to be just a fun experimental thing that teenagers do, and we'll be-getting married if it's allowed and adopting kids and things, and when you're married and you have children you just don't do thosethings."

"We'll discuss this later."

"You're letting your guard down, Tezuka."

"I'm not-"

"Yes, you are. You keep letting them get the best of you. We can't always allow ourselves to be seduced like this. It has to stop sometime before we make a habit of it."

Tezuka eyed the top of Oishi's head thoughtfully. "Right. We won't let our guard down again." They were still for a moment, and then Tezuka added, "Perhaps we shouldn't cuddle while naked, then."

"Right."

Inui had to admit that it bothered him quite a bit how loose Fuji and Eiji were being. It was ridiculous, because really, why did they need each other when they had Tezuka and Oishi, who, according to Inui's data, were both probably very satisfying lovers? The two were being more physically affectionate with each other than he had ever seen them be with their respective boyfriends.

Five, he thought suddenly as Fuji leaned in for a small kiss from his best friend, which soon turned into a much deeper kiss. This is the fifth time they've kissed since they came down for breakfast. 

Kaidoh and Taka were both looking deliberately away, blushing embarrassedly, but Ryomoka was giving the pair a curious look. "Shuu-nii?" she said, looking up at him with wide eyes as he pulled away from Eiji.

"What is it, Ryo-chan?"

"Why are you and Eiji-nii kissing? I thought you both had boyfriends!"

"We do."

"But... aren't you not supposed to kiss other people when you have a boyfriend? That's what my mommy told me..."

"It's just for fun, Ryomoka. It's nothing serious. Mitsu-nii and Oishi-nii know that Eiji and I don't like each other like that."

"Then why don't you go kiss them?"

Fuji blinked, then shut his eyes with a smile. "Well, that's a good question."

"They're very sleepy right now, Ryo-chan." Eiji smiled and draped his arms over Fuji's shoulders.

"No we're not, Eiji." Oishi's cheerful voice returned to the room.

"Ryomoka-chan asked you a question, Fuji, why don't you answer it?" Tezuka's more authoritative figure appeared beside Oishi.

Inui watched the scene with curiosity. Next to him Kaidoh was itching to take the little girl out of the intense atmosphere created by the quartet, but he knew he would be told not to by at least one of the older boys. Really, it didn't seem to have much of an effect on the child; she was pleasantly oblivious of the tension. As Tezuka took a step towards the two ukes Inui noted several key things.

The grip of the arm Eiji had on Fuji became possessive. The redhead took a step in front of Fuji, and Fuji's entire body shifted minutely. His right hand gripped tighter onto the back of Kikumaru's shirt, both of his shoulder's raised 2.5 centimeters, and his leg muscles tensed as if bracing for an impact of some sort. These were all minor, though, when you took in the fact that his eyes opened and very flooded with an emotion so unlike the usual curiosity or challenge reflected in the blue orbs.

Kaidoh stood up and moved to take the little girl, the mothering instinct in him kicking in as she became aware of the severity of the situation. "No, Kaidoh, leave her there. Answer her, Syusuke." Inui was still calculating all the probabilities in his head, not wanting to further upset things by whipping out a notebook to record data in.

"Tezuka." Kawamura's voice was surprisingly the one to interrupt the thick silence. "It's not fair to explain something like that to her, she's only four." He picked Ryomoka up. "It's okay, you still love all your nii-chans, right, Ryomoka-chan?" He smiled warmly as she nodded. "Now, I think all your nii-chans should apologize for upsetting you." He looked expectantly at his former teammates.

Fuji smiled softly at the little girl. "I'm sorry, Ryo-chan. Can you forgive us?"

"I guess so. But, Shuu-nii, I don't get it."

"You will when you're older, Ryomoka, I promise."

"But Mitsu-nii is older and he doesn't get it! Right, Mitsu-nii?" Ryomoka demanded.

"I can't say I do, Ryomoka," Tezuka said, shooting his boyfriend a look.

"See!"

Fuji sighed. "If you can't understand it, can't you at least accept it?"

"No," Tezuka and Ryomoka said in unison.

The tensai looked at Eiji.

"Well, it's just... it's just for fun, nya," Eiji said uncomfortably. "Fujiko... maybe... maybe it's not worth it..."

"But it's the principle," Fuji insisted.

"So your principles don't include monogamy, Fuji?" Inui asked.

"I-that's..." Fuji paused to gather his thoughts as Inui caught him off-guard. He looked to the acrobatic redhead again for help but his friend seemed to be at the same loss for words.

"Then this is all settled?" Oishi asked hesitantly.

Eiji pulled Fuji into a tight hug; he knew the tensai was upset at losing the war after winning so many battles. Tezuka twitched a bit at the dramatics. They acted as if they'd never get to see each other again.

"Momo-sempai!" Ryoma moaned as his sempai's ministrations began to form a large bruise as the base of his throat.

"Why won't you call me by my name?" Momo rocked back to his heels with a pout.

Ryoma sat up on his bed and gave the spikey haired boy a glare. "Do we have to do this now, Momo-sempai?"

"Say it."

"Say what?"

"Say my name."

"Momo-sempai?" The glint in Ryoma's eyes gave away that he was teasing.

"You know what my name is, Ryoma."

"No I don't."

"Damn it, Echizen!"

Ryoma raised an eyebrow and gave Momo a cheeky grin. "Why not call me by my name, Momo-sempai?"

"That's it! I've had enough of your lip!"

"Bet you haven't." Ryoma pulled Momo to him by the collar for another kiss.

"Honestly, you two," Oishi said exasperatedly. "Can't you keep your hands off each other for five minutes?"

"Perhaps the problem is that they're together so often," Inui commented, pushing up his glasses. "A possible solution would be to separate them for a given period of time. The rest of our vacation would be acceptable."

"How would we keep them from seeing each other, though?" Oishi wondered. "Even though there are only two days left, they'd still have to eat and go to the bathroom and so on. We couldn't just lock them in a room."

"Hm, I suppose that's true."

"That's ridiculous, Inui, not to mention inhumane," Fuji complained.

"If you were having this same problem with Tezuka and Oishi you would have nothing against it."

Fuji didn't have time to reply, as twin beeping sounds filled the room at that moment. He and Kaidoh both pulled identical beepers out of their pockets and, upon seeing the number, hastily pulled out their cell phones.

"I'll be back in a moment," Fuji said distractedly, walking toward the door to the wrap-around porch. Kaidoh gave him an imploring look, and Fuji nodded his head. Once outside, he dialed the number. After the fourth ring, an automated voice said, "The meeting will be tonight at 11:30 pm. Either Yukimura, Ohtori, Marui, or Ibu will be around to pick you up between 10 and 11. Mr. President is aware of the addresses of all vacation spots, etc., and has provided directions accordingly. Please be ready and bring the new inductees for the ceremony. You may hang up now."

Fuji hung up and calmly went back inside. He smiled and grabbed Kaidoh's arm. "Kaidoh-kun and I need to have a little discussion. We'll be right back!" He tugged the viper upstairs. "One of the members will be here to pick up the two of us, Ryoma, and Eiji between ten and eleven. When I make an excuse, go along with it."

"Of course, Fuji-sempai," Kaidoh hissed.

A/N: Katie: First off: possession? I think if Fuji knew Tezuka was having those kind of thoughts about him he'd freak out. And did you get the cannibalism warning? Tezuka ate toast. There's your lame pun of the day.

Second: As promised, the caffeine thing. I wrote a little Death Note dialogue after reading the Wiki page on caffeine and finding out that it relaxes the internal anal sphincter muscles:

Raito: "Why the FUCK are you so goddamn loose?"

L: "Raito-kun should not curse at me. I drink numerous cups of coffee a day, and caffeine relaxes the internal anal sphincter muscles. It is not my fault."

Raito: "You're not having coffee for a fucking month."

…I thought it was funny, and so did Scarlet. As it happens, I think she had something she wanted to say.

Scarlet: I made brownies…and you can't have them.

Katie: …Wtf? It's my brownie mix. Anyway, review!

Scarlet: AND I killed/am killing Katie's rubber band ball…who is gay and who I have named Lucas.

Katie: Like Lucas Grabeel? SCARLET I LOVE YOU.

Scarlet: I know you do. ^_^ ALSO! We have a picture of Ryomoka on our homepage now! ALSO ALSO! Katie and I have been writing these little Mpreg drabbles for various couples, do you guys want us to post them? (I think you should say yes because they are funny~) Okay, that's it! Reviews are awesome! They make me want to make Katie edit more~! Bai! Bai!