Girl Scout Porn
GS USA - Where girls grow horny




Girls! 
Take the Girl Scout Mother-of-Pearl Challenge

Send in your entry to the Girls Scout Porn site and win great prizes!

This month’s Girl Scout challenge is Mother-of-Pearl. Send us a high resolution photo of your mouth with your tongue stud swimming in a bed of silver goo. Along with your photo (minimum 1,000 pixels square), send us a video of the same thing, then zoom out to show your full face as you swallow, and wrap up with another close-up as you waggle your tongue to show it’s ‘All gone’!

All entries are property of the Girl Scouts and will be posted on our pornographic web site at our discretion. Contest is open to all members of Girl Scouts USA. Entries from members of Girl Scouts International will also be posted but are not eligible for prizes.
You Can Win
First Prize: A $10,000 scholarship
Three Second Prizes: $1,000 shopping spree at Victoria’s Little Sister
All contestants will be awarded the Sticky Lips merit badge.

This month’s contest is being announced 60 days in advance for the benefit of girls who have not yet had their tongues pierced. This is the perfect chance to get it done, but for late entries, keep in mind that your partner can shoot in your mouth without touching it, so as not to aggravate a recently pierced sore tongue. Be sure to wear your new tongue jewelry all the time, even to bed. It’ll help you learn to suppress your gag reflex and enjoy having foreign objects in your mouth.

Choose your own partner. It can be your boyfriend, a Boy Scout volunteer, a stranger, a teacher, or even your Daddy! Or more than one! 

Let him know you chose him to christen your new tongue-ball. It’ll be a treat for him and you’re sure to end up with your new piercing swimming in extra cum. Don’t worry if it overflows onto your lips and chin. Our judges love to see girls smile and wave in their video, and everybody loves to see it dripping on cute little tits. And if you and your partner get carried away and he ends up shooting it down your throat, all over your face, or even in your pussy, just keep trying until you get it right!

Whether this is your first time or you take the challenge every month, now’s your opportunity to open your mouth to suck-cess! Cum join the fun!

Next month, The Dangly Challenge 
