Author: mypenname3000
Title: Shipwrecked on Futa Island Chapter Sixteen: The Naughty Secrets of Futa Island
Summary: What are the secrets of Futa Island?
Keywords: hF HhF HF anal DP bond exhib voy scifi viol

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Mrs. Agatha Hart

My body was dripping with seawater as I marched down the tunnel with Kendra at my side.

I'm coming, Elise, I hissed with a mother's fierceness.

Me come! Kendra growled beside me. The African-American futa cared for my daughter. Elise! Me come!

My daughter had vanished into a strange hole at the bottom of the lagoon. The hole glowed with the same silvery light that the pools which made women into futas on this island did. I would rescue her. I didn't know what was going on. The angels had brought us here, rapturing us away so that we could repopulate the world after Armageddon.

So, what were these tunnels?

Demons?

I didn't know, but I would face anything to find out. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Elise Hart

I couldn't move as the demon stared down at me. Her glowing, silver horns thrust out of her hair. I quivered on the table, the silvery light surrounding me. The demon stroked her hand up and down my stomach.

You should not be down here, she said. And you haven't changed. That's not good. Not good at all. What are they doing up there? Naughty, naughty.

Naughty? I asked as her hand stroked lower down my stomach to my bush. She slid through my blonde curls to find the folds of my pussy. She rubbed at my cuntlips until she found my clit. She stroked it in slow circles.

I gasped as she did that. It was an incredible rush to have her caressing me like that. The demon smiled and leaned over. I quivered, unable to do more than speak. She smiled and nodded at me, but those horns... That tail...

I had fallen into a silvery hell.

She kissed me. Her tongue thrust into mine. I shuddered as she rubbed harder at my clit. It burned. This heat exploded in my bud. It was intense. I whimpered as the demon kissed me with hunger. Then she threw her leg over me. Her breasts slid across my tits as she straddled me, her hand pulling away from my pussy.

She ground her twat into my bush as I quivered in shock. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chantelle Hart

<p?I stared out at the lagoon with Jane and Rosa. The three of us watched. My mother and Kendra had vanished into the water. They'd been gone for a half-hour. I should have gone with them. Why didn't I? I was so scared.

This was supposed to be a safe place.

You promised my mother that we were chosen! I cried up at the sky. You brought us here, angels, to bring us to paradise. How can there be dangers here? This is the new Eden, right? What is going on? Talk to me!

I shook my fist at the sky. At the stars that twinkled above and the moon just cleared the horizon. I stared at the round face and it was... different. It had strange cracks across its face. Like something massive had struck it. How did that happen? My heart pounded in my chest.

What? I shot my gaze to the sky. What is this place? Where are we? Why is the moon weird? What happened to my mother and sister?

I glared at the heavens, my entire body shaking with worry. They were in danger. I just stood here. I had never cared about anything but being defiant. Rebellious. I just wanted to spite my parents. My father the reverend and his uptight wife. Now... Now... Now I wished I had gone down with her. Went to save my sister.

Please! I cried. My mother believes in you! Tell me!

A beam of silver light shot down from the sky and engulfed me.

I gasped until I realized I was in a room. A soft place. And there, before me, was an angel. She descended to the ground, her silver-glowing wings flapping. She landed. Her face was just perfect. It was impossible to tell what race she was. 

Tell me what is going on, angel! I cried.

Angel? she asked then glanced at her wings. Oh, dear, I'm not an angel.

But... but... I thought we were chosen by God! That we were raptured to avoid the end of the world. That this was Eden.

Oh, my, you were chosen, but... She shook her head. God? There's no such thing as a god. I knew you were primitive, but I thought that such ideas had fallen away. Destroyed by modernity.

I didn't know what to say. I reeled and gasped, Just what is going on? I thought we were brought here. Chosen to repopulate the world. Be fruitful and multiply.

Yes, she said. That's just what you are here for. Why you were brought here. Transformed. Her wings spread wide. Now, we have a problem. Some of you have been poking around. They've been quite naughty.

I swallowed. That didn't sound good. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Samantha Sam Kinkade

The last of the short aliens had vanished into the large, silvery room while the demon stood over Pita. She cried out in fury as she leaped at the demon, screaming about her sister. I scrambled to my feet as a silver light exploded.

I screamed as the light struck me. I reeled back and fell on my back. I squirmed, the entire front of me feeling sunburned. My eyes blazed. I blinked them but saw only darkness before me. Pita moaned nearby.

Oh, what have you done? Groaned the demon. Why did you do that, Pita?

Give her to me! Pita screeched. My sister! Rosa! Give her back. I need her. She's so precious to me. Why did you take her from my life?

We brought you here, the demon said. Why did you have to come into here, though? Why are you trespassing where you don't belong? You have the Island.

I want my sister! Pita screeched.

I rolled over onto my hands and knees. I whimpered. I couldn't see anything. My eyes had been burned out. I swayed from the pain. I heard another roar. Then something hit the ground. Pita sobbed in pain. I tried to cry, but no tears came out.

I sat on my haunches and pressed my fingers against my face. I felt charred flesh. My skin blistered. I shook as I reached my eye sockets. I touched them, my fingers prodding inside of them. I had no eyes.

No, I whimpered.

This is bad, the demon growled. But don't you worry, once your memory is wiped, you won't remember this pain. Pity it'll... have side-effects. But you shouldn't trespass where you're not wanted. There are consequences.

What? I gasped then a finger touched my forehead and 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. Agatha Hart

We kept moving down the tunnels until I heard some talking ahead. I motioned to Kendra. She pushed against the wall. I peered around it and, through the silvery glare, I spotted a demon. It was clear what she was with silvery horns thrusting out of her hair, a glowing tail swishing behind her.

She carried two women slung over her shoulder. One of them was Hispanic, her skin golden-brown. The other had blonde hair and an athletic body. The demon turned and a section of wall opened wide. As she did, I caught a side profile of the blonde woman's face.

Samantha Kinkade.

The demon vanished and the wall sealed shut behind her. I turned to Kendra. One of my friends is here. A demon has her.

Demon! Kendra gasped. Demon bad.

I nodded. We were beneath the island. In the silvery halls of Hell. That was the only thing that made sense. But we were armed with righteousness. With faith in the Lord and his son Jesus Christ. No demon could harm us down here.

I moved to the section when I heard a moan of rapturous pleasure. A woman was gasping out in delight. I moved down the hallway and peered into a room to see another demon straddling a woman. I could see her feet. Her toes twitched slightly as the demon... rode a futa-dick.

What? gasped the woman inside. 

Elise! I shouted.

The demon turned and glared at me. The wall slammed shut before me. I gasped at that. I pounded on it. I had found my daughter. She was here. Just on the other side. I hit the door, pounding on it hard. 

Behind me, I heard the whisk of another door open. Then an exasperated voice sighed, More memories that have to be erased. This is getting out of hand. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chantelle Hart

Tell me! I want to know! I hissed at the... I don't know what she was. She claimed she wasn't an angel.

We have bigger problems, she said. Some of you have entered the support facility. You're not supposed to go in there. You're supposed to stay on the island and be fruitful. That's your job. Not poke around where you don't belong.

Okay, I said. And? You need us. You're not going to hurt us.

Well, there are some of us that think you shouldn't know that this is a controlled environment, said the faux-angel. That you're better off thinking that you were just shipwrecked here on this strange island. They are the reason that Jane doesn't remember her past and doesn't speak right.

You wiped her memory and destroyed her language ability? I gasped.

It was... a side-effect, she said. Your brains are more primitive than we realized. We're still refining the process, but... Some of you have gone down into the part of the island you're not supposed to get into.

Well... I quivered. Wait, if you're not supposed to let us know what's going on, why do you come in our dreams?

Um, we're horny, she said. There are no more cocks. That's the problem. And we can't make ourselves grow new ones. We're too changed. So that's why we need you. She stroked my futa-dick, sending a quiver through me. But if you want to stop your mother and your sister from having their memories wiped, then you need to help me. My faction is small. There are only a few of us windies.

Windies? I asked.

Yes, windies, she said, twitching her wings. We fly on the wind. We're, well, flighty. The horns don't like to listen to us, but they might listen to you. Or they might wipe your memory, too.

Shit, I muttered. How do I convince them not to do that to us?

I have no idea. She grabbed my hands. Will you do it?

So, there are only women here on the island? I asked. Windies and horns, right?

And the shorts, she said. But they don't have any power. They're shorts. Just for menial work. They were created that way. It's really the horns you have to convince.

I swallowed, this fear rippling through me. This was all so much, but... I had to help, didn't I? I owed it to my mother and sister. I had to finally do something that mattered. No more just holding back. I had to be ready to act.

Fine! I said. Let's do this! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Elise Hart

The demon rubbed her pussy into mine as the burning in my clit swelled. She smiled in delight as my clit sprouted into her pussy. I gasped as I realized I had become a futa. My shaft throbbed with my heartbeat, expanding into her juicy snatch.

Her hot pussy engulfed my cock. I groaned at the feeling of her silky sheath squeezing about me as I grew bigger and longer. I gasped at how sensitive my clit-dick felt. This was an amazing delight. I was growing into her twat. Just getting bigger. Larger. I loved it so much.

The demon groaned. Her large breasts quivered over me as she arched her back. A cock... Oh, yes, yes, finally, a cock! You winged sluts don't get to hog them!

The angels? I whimpered.

The demon snorted and planted her hands on my round breasts. She massaged them. My nipples throbbed against her palms. She massaged them. I gasped as the pleasure shot through me. My futa-dick twitched in her cunt. I must be at my full girth. I felt so long. So thick.

She purred in delight as she slid her pussy up my cock. I gasped at how exquisite that felt. I had never experienced anything like this. It was passionate. Amazing. My head tossed back and forth. My brow scrunched with the wonderful way her twat massaged me.

Oh, wow, I gasped. 

Yes, groaned the demon. Oh, it's wonderful to have a cock in me again. A great, big futa-cock!

Pussy is amazing, too! I whimpered as she impaled her snatch down my dick. She took all of me. Just swallowed every inch of my cock. I groaned, savoring that heat. It was fantastic to feel about me. She squeezed down on me with her amazing twat. I loved it so much.

She worked her cunt up and down my clit-dick. She teased me with her hot flesh. I groaned, loving every second of this. If I could move, I would grab those big boobs of hers, but I was still paralyzed. My body twitched. My toes curled.

I could only moan my pleasure. Talk. But not much else but enjoy the demon's cunt riding my dick. She worked up and down me, teasing me. I stared at the silvery glow all around me. It came from everywhere. I loved it so much.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Ooh, I can feel it in me. That must be my ovaries. They must be brimming with my cum.

Mmm, yes, yes, cum, groaned the demon. Jizz. Futa-spunk. Flood my cunt with it!

I will!

It was so hard to be scared now that I had a hot twat working up and down my cock. It was so impossible to worry about anything but how amazing this felt. Her cunt clenched about me in such an exciting way.

My face twisted in delight. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side. I could move that now. Was the paralysis wearing off? My fingers twitched more. I groaned as I willed my arms to move and grab her boobs.

My hands shot up and squeezed those big, lovely tits.

Mmm, the demon moaned as her cunt worked up and down me. Yes, yes, play with my tits, cutie. Just squeeze them.

I did. I kneaded them as her cunt worked up and down my cock. She squeezed me tight. She held me in her twat. Her hot pussy massaged me. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest as that wonderful twat caressed me.

My fingers dug into her tits as the heat swelled in my ovaries. The pleasure melted down my clit-dick and washed through my cunt to heat the cum in me. My first load of futa-cum wanted to explode out of me and hose her down.

That would be incredible.

I'm going to erupt, I whispered in awe.

I know, the demon groaned. Oh, I know. Just fire all that cum into my snatch. It'll be just amazing. I'll milk your ovaries dry with my writhing pussy. I'm going to cum!

Yes, yes, cum, I moaned, my fingers sliding up to her hard nubs. I pinched them. Twisted them. Twerked them. She groaned as I did that. Her gasps echoed through the room. Cum on my big futa-dick like a... a demon slut!

Demon? she groaned. But a slut... Yes, yes, I'll cum so hard on your futa-dick.

She rubbed at my breasts as I squeezed hers. My nipples tingled, delight shooting down to my cunt. It was an incredible delight to have her massaging me like that. I shuddered, rising towards that amazing climax. I would have another one. Just a big burst of bliss. I couldn't wait for it to erupt out of me.

Her pussy massaged me, squeezing that hot flesh about me. My back arched. I fucked up into her twat as she came down my clit-cock. It was an incredible feeling to experience her doing that to me. I loved it so much. I savored having my own futa-dick.

Oh, yes, the demon moaned. That's it. She plunged her cunt down my cock and ground her clit into my bush. Oh, fuck, yes!

Her pussy went wild around my dick. She suckled at me. I loved how she nursed at my cock. She writhed around me with such passion. The pressure at the tip of my dick swelled towards that bursting point. It was heaven being in the demon's convulsing twat.

Oh, god, yes! I squealed and erupted.

My cock erupted.

My futa-cum flooded her pussy. I shuddered as blast after blast of jizz surged out of me. I groaned, my face twisting with delight. It was an incredible rush to pump her full of my cum. I loved every moment of it. 

The rapture shot through me while the familiar ecstasy washed out of my cunt. I gasped as the dual pleasure reached my mind and drowned me with such rapture. I loved it so much. I groaned, my boobs quivering.

I squeezed her tits as I gasped out, This is incredible! Cumming with a cock and a pussy!

Is it? the demon moaned, her pussy writhing around me. Oh, you are so lucky!

I trembled through the rapture. My futa-cock spurted over and over again as the pleasure drowned my mind. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side. It was so wondrous. Her pussy suckled at my dick as my ovaries emptied themselves in her.

I fired that last blast of cum into her pussy. I groaned, my hands falling away from her boobs. I closed my eyes, panting. I felt so good. My body quivered with the ecstasy from my first futa-orgasm. It had been incredible.

I was so lucky to have enjoyed that delight.

Mmm, the demon purred as she slid her pussy up my cock. That was wonderful. I was so glad to experience a dick again.

It was incredible, I groaned. I want to do it again. I want to cum with my big dick.

Do you... want to fuck me in the ass? The demon asked, this naked need in her voice. She craved to have my cock fucking her. 

Of course! I moaned.

The demon shuddered and slid off my futa-dick. A hot tremble raced through me as her cunt caressed the tip of my girl-cock. Then she was off me. My clit-rod slapped wet into my stomach. I trembled as the demon braced herself against a glowing counter and thrust her perfect ass at me.

I shuddered as I stared at that rump. A delicious, peachy ass. Forbidden fruit. I felt like I was Eve about to bite into something that I shouldn't. That was a demon's butt. This was so wrong, but I just had to take her. I had to enjoy her. 

My futa-dick burned so fiercely for this delight.

I rolled off the table and settled on the floor. My cock bobbed before me as I pushed it between the cheeks of her ass. I quivered at the delightful feeling of her soft flesh on the crown of my dick. I stared at her glowing horns thrusting over her head, her tail twitching.

She slid her glowing tail over my breasts, teasing them. Pleasure tingled through me. I groaned and found her asshole. This was such a wicked delight. A wonderful moment of pure decadence. I had to fuck her hard. Just bury into her bowels.

I gripped her hips and pushed against her anal sheath. She groaned as I did that. Her entire body twitched as I thrust against her asshole. Her moans filled the air with her passion as her asshole surrendered to me.

I slid into the demon's bowels.

Oh, wow, I groaned in delight. Oh, wow, that's amazing. Your ass is perfect. Oh, wow, that's just so hot.

Futa, breathed the demon. I love how amazing you feel in me. Oh, you're stretching me out so much. Isn't that just so wicked?

So wicked, I moaned in complete agreement. Wow, you have a tight asshole. Just such a wicked one. That makes me feel so amazing. Oh, my god, I love this!

Good, she groaned as I sank into her asshole deeper and deeper. Just enjoy my bowels.

I am, I groaned. I'm enjoying your bowels so much. I bottomed out in her.

There was so much velvety heat around my futa-dick. This was outstanding. I loved every moment of this. It was just exquisite to have so much rapture about my girl-cock. I quivered there, savoring being buried to the hilt in the demon's asshole. 

I drew back my hips. She groaned as I did that. Her anal sheath squeezed around my cock. She held me tight, massaging my girl-dick. I loved that so much. It was a pure delight to have her gripping me. I groaned at how wondrous she felt.

I fucked her asshole.

The heat melted down my futa-dick to my pussy. My cunt drank it in. The warmth rippled through me, swirling around my ovaries. I could feel another orgasm building in me. That need to cum swelled and swelled. I would have such a big burst of cum.

Fuck, I groaned, loving this so much. My crotch slapped into her rump as my round boobs jiggled. Your ass!

Futa! Futa! Futa! the demon moaned over and over again.

I loved every second of this delight. I pounded her tight asshole with my clit-dick. I buried into her again and again. She moaned as I did that. Her asshole clenched down tight on me. It was just such a thrill to fuck her bowels again and again. I was so lucky to have her gripping me. 

She squeezed about me with her hot flesh. The pressure in my ovaries grew with my every thrust. I stroked her body as I fucked her anal sheath. I slid my hands up to cup her big boobs. I squeezed those as her tail slid over my tits.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, pounding her bowels hard. Ooh, you feel amazing around me.

So big! Futa! Futa! She tossed her head. You winged bitches don't get to hog them! Yes, yes, fuck my asshole!

I pounded her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her anal sheath again and again. I loved every moment of hammering her asshole hard. I plunged into her bowels again and again. It was incredible to thrust into her. I quivered in delight, thrusting away at her.

She squeezed her anal sheath around my dick. She massaged me with her tight asshole, the pressure growing at the tip of my dick. I loved that wonderful ache that formed. It was so incredible being a futa. Just so wonderful.

I could enjoy this all day long. Just slam my futa-dick to the hilt in her bowels again and again. I fucked into her hard and fast. Her bowels massaged my cock. The heat grew and grew in my ovaries. I would have such a mighty explosion of cum.

Just erupt over and over again. This was so awesome. I loved every second of this. My boobs bounced before me as I fucked into her bowels with such force. My ovaries quivered with the need to erupt.

I would flood her bowels with all my cum.

Just spurt all my futa-jizz into her anal sheath.

I love being a futa! I moaned as I came closer and closer to cumming. I fucked her bowels with such force. 

Yes, yes, just keep fucking my asshole. Oh, that's good. The demon squeezed her anal sheath down around me. Oh, yes, yes, just like that! I'm going to cum!

Cum, you little demon-whore! I gasped, fucking her bowels hard.

Demon? she groaned. I'm not a demon! Oh, yes, yes, just fuck me so hard!

I buried to the hilt in her bowels. I loved how her anal sheath clamped down on me. She trembled, her head tossing. Her hair swayed around her horns. I squeezed her big boobs as I plowed to the hilt in her anal sheath.

She shuddered before her asshole went wild around my dick. I gasped as her bowels suckled at my clit-dick. She nursed at me as I buried to the hilt in her writhing anal sheath. The pressure in my bowels hit that bursting point.

I erupted.

I fired blast after blast of my cum into her asshole. This wonderful delight swept through me. It felt amazing. My entire body quivered with pleasure. The dual delights of cumming with a futa-dick swept through me.

I reveled in them as her anal sheath milked out my futa-cum. She writhed around me, nursing at me. I gasped, ecstasy shooting through me every time my futa-dick erupted. My cunt writhed, juices dripping down my thighs.

This is incredible! I gasped as I fired the last of my cum into her bowels.

Oh, yes, moaned the demon. It's a shame you won't remember any of this.

What? I asked, my entire body quivering with delight. What do you mean, I won't remember any of this?

Because I have to wipe your memory, the demon said. You've seen down here. You were supposed to stay on the island. Well, the side-effects should make sure you don't poke around where you don't belong.

I ripped my cock out of her asshole. Side effects? I stumbled back and hit the table. What are you talking about?

Her tail thrust out and touched my cock. It doesn't matter.

Darkness crashed down on me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. Agatha Hart

We just have to heal the damage these two suffered, said the demon as she moved through the room. The four of us were lying on our backs. That Hispanic woman from the cruise, Samantha, Kendra, and myself. Samantha and Pita were both burned, but their injuries were repaired. Then we'll wipe your memories and send you back up to paradise.

Why? I gasped. Why do you have to wipe our memories?

Because you can't know what's going on, said the demon. It could negatively affect your life. It's best if you live in blissful ignorance fucking all day, reproducing, creating a whole new race of humans. A better race. She grimaced as she said that. Better than us.

What? I demanded. What is going on? You should stop! The angels will save us!

Angels? The demon frowned. Oh, you mean the windies. They're not angels, they're just like us. Transhumans.

Trans... what?

Transhumans, the demon said. We've transcended humanity. Done genetic manipulations. Made us have cool things like horns and tails and wings. We made little midgets to do the annoying labor. We thought it was all perfect. Even got rid of the men. That war was costly. Damaged the moon. Our genetic pool was... broken.

What? None of this made sense.

The human race is extinct now. We're the last few dozen, plus our midgets. We can't reproduce. Can't make ourselves into futanari. It's not compatible with the genetic modifications we've done to ourselves. The only thing we could do was reach back in time. Abduct women from the past. More primitive stock. You'll have one gender, so now pesky issues there. You'll reclaim the world. I hope you all do better than us.

You're not aliens? the Hispanic woman demanded.

No, said the demon.

Oh, wow, I thought they were aliens, Pita, Samantha said. At least those short ones. Like on the X-Files.

You're lying, I snapped. You're a demon. None of this is true! This isn't the future. This is where the faithful are raptured. We've been chosen by God to repopulate the world. You're just trying to confuse us.

Raptured? the demon asked. So that means you're supposed to be protected from the end of the world, right? I studied primitive theology in university.

Primitive theology! I huffed. But, yes, that's what happened.

So, why are you in my hands if I'm an evil devil serving Satan or whatever you believe in?

I opened my mouth then slapped it shut. What was going on here?

This is insane, Pita said. You stole my sister? Then she groaned. That's why Gina hasn't aged at all. She might be missing three years in the past, but she's only been here a few weeks.

And she's happy because we wiped her memory, said the devil. You're be happy, too. So, relax. We're almost there. You will have your sight back, Samantha.

Yes, whimpered Samantha.

Me scared, whimpered Kendra.

God, deliver an angel to save us from this demon, I prayed, my entire body trembling. This couldn't be happening. This wasn't supposed to be happening. This is supposed to be paradise. I whimpered as the demon moved around the table.

The door burst open. WAIT!

An angel entered. I sighed in relief to see her silver wings spread wide. She was so strong. So beautiful. I was saved. I stared up at the ceiling. The Lord had sent an angel to rescue us. Tears sprang in my eyes.

What are you doing here, windy? hissed the demon.

We don't have to wipe their memories, said the angel. We don't have to erase them. So, what if they know we're here taking care of them? That won't matter. What matters is that they are fruitful and multiply.

This is our domain, the demon snarled. If you had just let us wipe their memories when we captured them, then they wouldn't have broken in down here. They think we're demons or angels or aliens.

Aliens! a familiar voice cried. That's awesome, but they're not.

My daughter jumped around the angel. She was naked and hard, her dyed-black hair spilling down her back. Her small breasts quivered as did her girl-dick. She pursed her lips and stared down at me. Then she flicked her eyes around me.

Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, she said, shaking her head. Not angels. Not demons. Just humans who have done way, way, way too much gene modification. Fucked up the whole world. So, they zapped back in time to kidnap us so we can fuck on this island and have babies and breed a whole new race of human beings. So you sort of were right.

And what about my sister? gasped Pita. What about Rosa?

Oh, I know Rosa!  Chantelle gasped. She's awesome. Right, Mom? She's been banging Rosa right and left. They're so hot together.

She's fine, Pita whimpered with such relief. She muttered something in Spanish. It sounded like a prayer. I was happy for her.

So, no wiping our memories, Chantelle said. She pressed up against the demon and stroked up and down her. You know why?

Why? the demon asked, arching an eyebrow. 

Chantelle humped her clit-dick against the woman's hip. It was so exciting to watch. My heart beat so fast. It was exciting. Chantelle seemed to have a plan. She had always been such a wild girl. Always sneaking off to fuck guys. Ever since she went goth, she had been out of control.

How are you going to save us? I asked, believing in my daughter. I prayed, and God had sent her.

Simple, said Chantelle. She grabbed my cock. It felt so good to have her stroking up and down my clit-dick. It was an incredible to feel my daughter stroking me. We're going to fuck you, Demon.

I'm not a demon, said the demon. What do you mean?

Do'oh. Chantelle rolled her eyes. Think about it. If we have our memories, then we can have wild monkey sex with all of you. The windies. The horns. The shorties. We can just pound you all the time. Huh?

Monkey sex? the demon asked.

She means hot and wild and depraved sex, Samantha moaned. That sounds fun, Chantelle.

Ooh, Samantha, you're here, Chantelle said brightly. Hot! You know anyone named Abby?

Yes! She's hanging out with Danielle Murphy. We left them up on the cliff when we came into the cave.

There's a cave? Chantelle gasped. Ooh, hot. We came here through the volcano entrance. It opens up.

I told you! Pita shouted. I told you!

So, you going to wipe our memories, or get you some futa-dick? Chantelle asked, sliding her hand down to cup her pussy. She rubbed at the demon's cunt. Mmm, don't you want me to slam that big cock into your cunt?

Yes, whimpered the demon.

So, no wiping our memory? purred Chantelle. She thrust her fingers in and out of the demon's cunt. Why don't you just climb up and ride my Mom's dick? Just work that pussy up and down that futa-cock. And I'll bugger you.

I... The demon quivered as Chantelle started to rub at her clit. Yes! Yes, yes, yes, I want that futa-dick in me!

Then get on her and ride her, purred Chantelle. She pulled her hand away while her other hand smacked on the demon's ass. The hot slap echoed through the bedroom. 

The demon crawled onto me. Her big boobs swayed. I couldn't believe I was about to have sex with a demon. Or... Was it a human in the future? That made no more sense. But a demon being conquered by the love that God had given us.

Those lush tits of hers were so delicious. I just wanted to grab those big boobs. I reached up and gripped her tits. I massaged them. They were so wonderful to play with. I savored the way that they felt as the demon grabbed my futa-dick.

Oh, my, she said. A cock. It's been so long since I've touched a cock.

Mmm, just slid that pussy up and down my girl-dick, I purred as she stroked me. Pleasure shot down my futa-dick to my pussy. She made me quiver. Ride me. Enjoy this magnificent clit-cock.

Enjoy, my daughter cooed.

The demon trembled as she pressed her shaved pussy against the crown of my dick. I shuddered at the wonderful caress of hot flesh. She sank down me. She swallowed my girl-cock. I gasped as she devoured my dick with her sinful snatch.

I loved that pleasure, the heat melting through my cunt. It washed around my ovaries. I savored the passion of her. She had such a wonderful snatch. I would just cum so hard in her. Just flood her with everything that I had.

She gripped me. She worked her pussy up and down my girl-cock. Oh, wow, that's good, I whimpered. Oh, ride me.

Yes, the demon groaned.

Chantelle peeked her head around the demon's. She grabbed the demon's tits, too as the demon gasped. The demon slammed her cunt down my futa-dick and shuddered there. She groaned. I knew that Chantelle was buggering the demon.

Sodomizing that sinful creature.

Rapture spread over the demon's face. Her cunt clenched down on my girl-cock. She trembled there, her hips wiggling back and forth, stirring her twat around me. I savored by how wondrous this felt on me. 

Chantelle moaned. I felt her futa-dick through the membranes of the demon's flesh. It was so hot feeling my daughter's girl-cock. I loved it. This was an incredible rush to share her with my daughter. Chantelle smiled at me over the demon's shoulders.

So hot to share this demon with you, Mommy, groaned Chantelle.

I'm not a demon, groaned the demon. Her silvery horns would prove differently.

She squeezed her cunt around my futa-cock and slid her pussy up me. The pleasure melted down my shaft and rippled through my pussy. My ovaries quivered, brimming with the load of futa-cum that I would erupt into her pussy.

Chantelle moaned and pumped away. As the demon rode my dick, I felt my daughter's girl-dick thrusting away at the demons' bowels. Hot twat and my daughter's futa-cock massaged my clit-rod. It was so wonderful to experience.

The demon worked her cunt up and down my girl-dick, the pleasure fluttering through me. I savored every second of that juicy and tight cunt working up and down my dick. I squeezed my eyes shut, loving this pleasure. It swept over me.

Oh, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, that's so good!

Ooh, I bet she's just riding your cock, Mommy! moaned my daughter. Yee-haw! Ride her, partner!

What? the demon groaned.

Ignore her, panted Pita. She's just being juvenile.

Yep! Chantelle moaned. Damn, this is an amazing asshole. Ooh, I am fucking it so hard.

Yes, you are, moaned Samantha. Wow, Chantelle, I had no idea how wild you were.

Mmm, I'll show you wild later, said Chantelle. If you haven't gotten that cherry popped, I'll take care of it.

It's popped, purred Samantha. Ooh, you're cute, angel.

Not an angel, said the angel. I'm Si.

Well, Si, how about you just ride my cock? Samantha purred. Mmm, you got some sexy breasts. I always did love a nice pair of tits. Like yours, Mrs. Hart.

I opened my eyes to see the angel straddling Samantha. You liked my tits? I gasped. Really?

Yeah, she's gay, Mommy, Chantelle moaned, slamming hard into the demon's asshole. If I wasn't so busy chasing cock, I would have let her eat my pussy. Get her out of that closet.

I'm out now, groaned Samantha as she cupped Si's breasts. She squeezed the angel's big and soft boobs. A big smile spread on Samantha's lips as she kneaded those. It was hot to watch. I was so glad for her. 

We had found out who we truly were here. I had no regrets. I was enjoying being a futanari on this island. Now that we had worked things out with the demons. The Lord had responded. I would be reunited with my daughters. We'd form a new family. It would be outstanding. I couldn't wait for that happy moment.

But first, I had to cum so hard in the demon's cunt. And she was making that so easy with that hot twat working up and down my clit-cock. She squeezed her snatch around my cock and slid up me. She massaged me with that hot flesh. I groaned, loving every second of her hot twat.

My ovaries quivered, building and building with the pressure to erupt into the demon's cunt. She groaned, her big boobs bouncing over me. Silver shone from her horns as she stared down at me. Such joy spread across her face.

I'm going to cum so hard, she groaned. On a cock. Oh, Mrs. Hart, I'm going to cum so hard on your dick!

You just go ahead and enjoy that passion, I purred. The Lord made Futa Island a place where women can have all the orgasms they want.

The demon rolled her eyes. Whatever you say. Believe whatever you want. I don't care. Just let me cum on this big dick.

Cum so fucking hard! squealed Chantelle, her excited face bobbing over the demon's shoulder.

Yes, yes, yes, Samantha moaned as the angel rode her, sliver wings spreading wide and flapping.
 
The pressure built and built at the tip of my futa-dick. I groaned as the demon slammed her cunt down my cock. Her face twisted with delight. She quivered there, her big boobs bouncing. She arched her back. Chantelle fucked her hard, burying her clit-dick into the demon's asshole.

The demon bucked on me. Her hot twat convulsed around my dick. I shuddered as her infernal cunt rippled about my futa-dick, suckling at me. I groaned at how amazing her flesh felt. She teased me. Brought me closer and closer to erupting. 

Fuck! Chantelle moaned, plowing to the hilt in the demon.

Futa-cum! squealed the demon, her cunt suckling harder on her. Cum in me, too, Mrs. Hart!

I... Her pussy caressed the crown of my cock. My ovaries burst with delight. Yes! Lord, yes!

My futa-cum spurted into the demon's cunt. I groaned, blast after blast of jizz erupting into her cunt. I quivered here, stars dancing before my eyes. The heat swept through me. This wild passion had me quivering with the delight of this pleasure.

It was intense. Insane. I groaned, my cunt writhing around that big futa-dick. I loved this so much. My boobs bounced and heaved. The pleasure rushed through me. Stars danced across my vision as my mind drowned in ecstasy.

Two futas are cumming in me! gasped the demon.

Oh, you're so lucky, whimpered the angel. Ooh, ooh, Samantha. That big dick!

Ride me! Samantha moaned.

I shuddered, the pleasure surging through me. Ecstasy burst across my vision. I felt so good. So amazing. I could just float away. That was how awesome I felt right now. The pleasure shot through me. The ecstasy raced through my body. 

The demon's cunt milked my futa-dick. She suckled at me. I savored the way she worked out every drop of cum that I had in my ovaries. I trembled, the pleasure hitting that wonderful peak. Stars swept across my vision. I felt so dizzy. 

Oh, my, groaned the demon.

You're really not an alien, Pita said. 

No, the demon panted, her big boobs rising and falling over my head. They were so delicious to look at. I loved the sight of them. No, I'm not.

That's hot, purred Pita. Why don't you come suck my futa-cock, then you're going to take me to my sister, Rosa.

Deal, the demon purred as she slid off my futa-dick. And my daughter's girl-cock. It was an incredible delight. I quivered as Chantelle's clit-rod slapped down on my shaft. She smiled at me, her eyes dancing.

Mmm, Mommy, she purred and slid down. I did something useful.

You did, I purred as she pressed her small titties into my round breasts. I knew you could, sweetie. I knew you could.

She kissed me. Her lips melted to mine. I groaned, savoring the incestuous delight of kissing my daughter. Our tongues danced together as our clit-cocks twitched and throbbed against each other. I could so fuck her. Or she could fuck me.

That was the beauty of being here on Futa Island. We could just love each other. It was our Garden of Eden. I was so happy. My hands stroked down my daughter's back. I gripped her rump. I kneaded her ass, loving the feeling of her booty.

She broke the kiss and purred, Mmm, now, where is Elise? You did rescue her, right?

My eyes bulged as panic shot through me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eliza Hart

I swallowed as the demon moved to the table. I'd woken up back on it after she touched my cock with her tail.

You really, really don't have to wipe my memory, I whimpered.

I'm afraid I do, she said and touched a section of the glowing wall. The ceiling above me grew even brighter. The light flared down at my body. I squirmed on the table, wanting to move, but it held me down. 

The light changed from silver to gold to red. It started shifting through the colors.

Just stare at the light, the demon cooed, her tone so light. So friendly. This will all be over soon. Then you'll be back to frolicking on the surface with the others. You'll soon have babies. Raise a whole new generation of people. Newcomers will arrive. It'll be a beautiful thing. You'll see.

I squeezed my eyes shut. I wouldn't look at the light. The colors flickered through my eyelids. I felt incandescent heat on my body like I was lying on a tanning bed. I didn't want to forget about Kendra, my mom, my sister, about everything. I wanted to keep it all.

NOOOOOOO! I screamed.

The light shone bright through my eyes. 

To be continued...
