                                      A Real Slut
                                    By Lust 4 Life

A young woman who likes being pregnant but not having kids keeps getting knocked up. 
M+/F, preg.

Intro

I know a lot of people would strongly object to my lifestyle, but, well, too bad for them. 
Im a slut. Really a slut. And I love it. And this is the part that may be weird to a lot of 
people, I like being pregnant. Mind you, I dont have or want kids. I just like being 
pregnant. Which means I have had quite a few abortions. There is something so sexy, so 
womanly about spreading my legs and accepting a mans seed inside me, about letting 
him not only fuck me, but impregnate me and then walking around carrying his child 
inside me  for a while at least.

The first time I got pregnant it was an accident and I was terrified. I dont want this 
thing in my body! I dont want to be a mommy. Im not ready for the responsibility! Of 
course an abortion was one of the first things I thought about and was almost in a panic to 
get one as soon as possible and stop this thing happening inside me. But then something 
happened. Im not sure I can put it into words. Maybe there was something about the 
hormones making me feel good, I felt a glow. On the downside, there was some 
morning sickness, but not too bad. My breasts grew larger, I liked that. But there was just 
a sense of completeness, fullness about being pregnant. So I let the pregnancy continue 
for awhile. I did eventually get the abortion before I began to show. But I have been 
pregnant many times since and I have often let it continue until I was starting to show  
so far I have always terminated before it was unequivocal that I was pregnant and not just 
a bit fat. Maybe I like the bad girl got knocked up idea as well.

But of course it is not only being pregnant, but getting pregnant that turns me on. I like to 
play the slut and have men drooling after me. I like being the tease, flirting with guys, 
and eventually giving them what they want. I like the seduction (both ways!) and the 
uncertainty: will he knock me up? I like seeing his erection, knowing that it is for me, a 
visible, potent sign of his desire to mate with me, to plant his seed in me. Of course I like 
the sex, and I like the feel of his sperm shooting into me, the warmth and wetness deep 
inside and then later, maybe when I go out in public, feeling it leaking out.

That first time I got pregnant I was young. The first time I had sex, it was without any 
protection but I did not get pregnant. After that, I tried using condoms but neither my 
partners nor I liked the feel, I much prefer the raw skin to skin feel and I like the warmth 
and wetness of his semen inside me. I suppose I could have used a diaphragm or gone on 
the pill, but I didnt. Instead, I tried to control myself and only have sex when I thought I 
was safe from pregnancy. But of course one time when I really knew I should avoid sex, 
the guy was just too hot and I was too horny, and I let him fuck me anyway. I knew it 
was risky, but I just had to have him inside me. As he was fucking me, I thought about all 
his millions of sperm boiling in his balls, getting ready to shoot into me looking for my 
egg, but instead of scaring me off (well, yes it did scare me but ) it just turned me on. 
The fear and the risk was part of it, as well of course as just the physical pleasure of sex. 
Soon I was cumming on his prick, bucking and moaning and then I could feel him 
cumming in me, grunting in pleasure and I could feel the warmth of his hot jizz inside me 
as his cock pulsed again and again shooting more and more into me. And sure enough, 
they did their job and I missed my period.

While I learned from that first pregnancy that I enjoyed being pregnant, it was awhile 
before I got pregnant the second time. In the meantime, I became more and more of a 
slut. I found I liked wearing short shorts and tight or low cut tops, going to the beach 
wearing a tiny bikini, or going out at night with slutty looking make-up, fuck-me heels, 
short skirts. I liked seeing the men looking at me and I liked to give a show, bending over 
giving a man in front of me a view down my top, or giving a man behind me a view of 
my barely covered pussy (or sometimes I went out in a short skirt with no underwear, 
giving him a clear view of my naked pussy). I loved the attention and then bringing a 
man home and fucking ourselves silly until we were sore, exhausted, and covered with 
both of our sex juices. I loved the feel of a hard dick pounding into my pussy, the 
unabashed lust of a man enjoying my body, straining for his release, and then the feel of 
him cumming in me, groaning in delight as his hot sperm pumped into me. During the 
times when I thought I was safe, I might bring a different man home 4 nights a week (did 
I say I was a slut?). While I went to different places to pick up men, there were places 
where I definitely had a reputation as easy.

The Bar

But eventually I decided I wanted to be pregnant again. I continued my slutty ways, 
bringing different men home several nights per week, but this time as I approached my 
fertile period I didnt stop. It was a warm evening, so I chose to wear a short skirt with no 
undies, a halter top which showed off large portions of my breasts, and a nice pair of high 
heel fuck me pumps. I went to a local hang-out and had soon caught the eyes of several 
men. I could tell they liked what they saw, and this was just the beginning! I let a couple 
of them buy me drinks and chat me up while I flirted. Finally one man I was attracted to 
invited me to play a game of pool. I made sure I bent over a few times showing him my 
well developed cleavage and then one time I got him behind me when I had to bend over 
to take a shot, giving him a view of my naked pussy peaking out under my short skirt. I 
could feel my pussy getting wet teasing him like this. Once I made my shot, I turned 
around and smiled at him as he stood there in something of a daze. At the end of the 
game I sort of wiggled my hips and boobs and asked if he liked my outfit. All he could 
say was Incredible! We walked back to the bar to finish our drinks and he asked me if I 
wanted to go someplace else. I suggested my place. From his grin he knew exactly what 
was in store for him and he instantly agreed.

We were barely in the door than we were in each others arms, kissing, groping. His 
hands were on my butt as he pulled me to him and ground his crotch against mine, then 
his hands were sliding up and kneading my breasts. Not to be outdone, my hands were on 
his butt, then running up the sides of his legs, then between us, feeling the large lump in 
his pants. I unbuckled his belt, and pushed his pants down. I dropped to me knees right 
there, taking his cock in my mouth bringing an immediate groan of pleasure from him. I 
could feel his penis rapidly swelling in my mouth as I cupped his testicles in their sack. 
While I was working on his prick, he quickly unbuttoned and removed his shirt. His dick 
was soon hard, pointing upward, swollen with desire: the aroused male ready to mate 
with an available (and today fertile) female, ready to plant his seed. I continued sucking 
his cock, then lifting my mouth and moving down to lick his scrotum, running my tongue 
over the 2 lumps of his testicles in their sack, then back up the large tube on the underside 
of his penis which would soon be the conduit for his sperm, his genetic code to pass from 
his testicles into my womb to meet my egg. Oh, I could feel my pussy getting wet and my 
hips were squirming with desire to feel him inside me.

I couldnt wait any longer. I stood and quickly stripped off my clothes, revealing what 
little of my body he had not already seen at the bar: my full swelling breasts, my trimmed 
pubic patch. Now both naked, I led him to my bedroom and pulled him into bed. He was 
soon suckling my breasts sending jolts straight from my nipples to my vagina, making 
my hips twitch. I spread my legs wide, encouraging him to go further. Soon he started 
nibbling his way down my body. I was dying for him to hurry up and get to my clit, but 
he took his time, teasing me, moving slowly down my tummy to the top of my pubic 
patch, but then by-passing my pussy and working my inner thighs, coming close, 
tantalizing me, until finally his tongue slid from my thigh to my pussy, sliding up my 
labia lips and landing on my clit. Ah! I gasped in delight, quivering as he began to work 
my clit, then sliding down to my vagina and back up. Oh! This man knew how to 
pleasure a woman! I could feel my pussy gushing, my juices running down the crack of 
my ass onto the bed as he lapped at my womanhood. I was so wet, a female in heat, ready 
to be mated. Before long he rose up, his face covered with my juices. I could see his 
erection standing out stiffly from his crotch, his balls in their sack nestled below. I gave 
him my best come fuck me look, keeping my legs spread wide for him, inviting him to 
fuck me.

He crawled forward and I watched that hard shaft approaching my sopping pussy. I had 
watched many hard dicks approaching my pussy in the past, all eager to slide inside, to 
fuck me, and cum in me, but this one I knew had a good chance of actually impregnating 
me when it spurted this mans sperm in me. My pussy was quivering in anticipation as he 
brought the head to my slit. I could feel his heat as that helmeted head neared my slit and 
then sent an electric jolt through my body as it touched my pussy lips and gently parted 
them as he slid it up and down.

He pushed forward sliding in with a growl. I groaned in pleasure as I felt that potent head 
spreading my vagina, burrowing deep inside me until I could feel his sperm laden balls 
nestled against my ass. We looked each other in the eyes, communicating our desire, our 
need, our pleasure. He leaned down kissing me as he began thrusting. I could taste my 
pussy on his lips. His hard cock stretched my pussy, a delicious fullness, warm and 
velvety hard stroking in the center of my being. With every thrust his pubic bone ground 
against mine, as my pussy gripped his shaft it slid the hood back and forth over my clit 
stimulating me while he shaft slid along my G spot. My pussy was gushing lubrication, I 
could feel it running down the crack of my ass. I grabbed my ankles, pulling them back 
and out, pushing my pussy up to meet him giving him the deepest penetration until I 
could feel that potent head bumping my cervix on each stroke  the most intimate kiss!

He was fucking with abandon now, intent on his own pleasure, driving into me. I knew 
he wanted to cum in me, feel his sperm shooting into me, and I wanted it to, I wanted to 
feel his penis throbbing as it came, feel the warm wetness inside of me from his cum. I 
was gasping in pleasure, pushing back up to meet his thrusts. I could feel the waves of 
pleasure mounting in my pussy, the tension increasing as I neared a mind blowing 
orgasm. I felt so wanton, so open, ready to receive his gift deep inside myself. As my 
orgasm neared I started panting, my body shaking as his thrusting pushed me ever closer. 
And then I soared over the top, crying out, shaking uncontrollably, my body convulsing, 
pulling him deep inside me. I needed him all the way inside me, no matter how deep he 
was, I needed him deeper, I needed him to be part of me as I shook with an incredible 
orgasm. I could feel my pussy squeezing hard on his driving dick, gripping it, as I 
shuddered and shook and gasped.

Finally I relaxed. He grinned at me as he continued fucking me. He knew I had just cum 
hard on his dick from his fucking and now it was his turn, he could let go anytime and 
shoot his seed deep inside my waiting pussy. I could feel the tension building in his body, 
his urgency as his body prepared to deliver the sperm from his balls bouncing against my 
ass, through his penis driving into my pussy, right onto my cervix where it could swim 
into my womb on its search for my waiting egg. I urged him on, Oh yes baby. Give it to 
me. Im ready, I want to feel your sperm in my pussy. He just growled and continued 
fucking. Now his fucking became wild, almost frantic. I could tell he was within a few 
strokes of ejaculating inside me. I was about to get a load of potent sperm in my very 
fertile pussy, quite possibly impregnating me. I felt his cock swelling harder and then I 
felt a massive pulse, expanding my pussy as he jammed himself as deeply into me as he 
could. I felt a warm pressure on my cervix and started cumming again, wailing Oh yes! 
Give it to me! I can feel it inside me! I was shaking, my pussy rhythmically contracting 
on his throbbing penis. Every pulse of his penis made my pussy spasm and squeeze him. 
He was grunting Unh! Unh! Unh! with every pulse. I could feel the warmth and 
wetness of his semen filling me as he continued to shoot into me. Finally we both relaxed. 
He collapsed on top of me panting, gasping. I was slick with a combination of our 
perspiration. Both of our genitals were sporadically contracting in aftershocks of orgasm.

Finally he managed to gasp, Oh my god! I dont think I have ever cum that hard in my 
life! Your body just sucked every drop out of me! Fuck that was good! He eventually 
rolled off of me and lay catching his breath. I could feel some of his copious load oozing 
out of my pussy while inside was all squishy wet with his semen. I knew that even as I 
lay there, millions of his sperm were swimming through my cervix, through my womb 
looking for my egg to fertilize. On impulse, I reached over and cupped his balls, the balls 
which had produced the sperm that was now in me.

We lay for awhile recovering, but soon he rolled over and began kissing me again, 
fondling my breasts. He clearly wanted to fuck again and wanted to arouse me, which 
didnt take much effort since I too was still horny and wanted more. I kissed him back 
passionately and reached for his crotch, grabbing his cock, still slimy with our combined 
juices. I could feel it pulsing with life, with desire, desire to create life. In return, one of 
his hands slid down to my soggy crotch and began massaging my clit, making me squirm 
with desire. It did not take long for his cock to once again rise to an erection while my 
pussy was juicing again in anticipation of another good fucking.

This time I got on my hands and knees, waving my butt and exposed pussy at him in 
lewd invitation to mount me, to sink his manhood into me and mate me like a wild animal. 
I felt so wanton, waving my pussy like that, a woman in heat begging to be mated. He 
quickly moved into position and then he was sliding into me, once again filling me with 
his hard member. He was soon thrusting into me. I could feel his groin smacking my ass 
with every stroke, his testicles slapping my clit. I reached between my legs so I could feel 
where we were joined, feel his hard shaft, slick with my juices, sliding in and out of me. I 
let my fingers slide over his nut sack as it moved back and forth. He leaned forward, 
grabbing my breasts, savoring all of my womanly charms as he drove into me. The 
feeling was exquisite and soon I was gasping and then bucking on his shaft, pushing back 
hard to get him as deeply inside me as possible as I came on the thrusting rod. I could feel 
my pussy convulsing, squeezing it. That did it, without warning he gasped and I felt his 
penis throbbing as he pumped a second load of cum from those balls into the depths of 
my pussy. He was shaking as he came, pushing hard against me. As the mutual throbbing 
in my pussy stopped (my pussy and his cock), we collapsed on the bed panting.

He emptied one more load into me later that evening, missionary style, before eventually 
leaving.

A couple of weeks later I missed my period. Of course I had fucked a lot of men during 
my fertile period, I had no real idea who the father was, whose balls had produced the 
sperm which had penetrated my egg, impregnating me. I had given many horny men the 
opportunity to mate with me, but somehow I suspected it was that particular man whose 
seed had done the job.

It was a wonderful feeling, even with the morning sickness, it made me feel like a woman. 
I felt a wonderful sense of power, being able to create new life in my body. I am certain I 
had a glow about me. Of course part of it was also just my naughty secret that I was 
indeed pregnant, that I had let lots of strange men shoot their sperm in me until I was 
knocked up. I carried the baby until I was just beginning to show before terminating the 
pregnancy.
Nude Beach

After that pregnancy I sort of behaved myself for a few months. Of course I was still a 
slut, fucking several times a week, but not during my fertile time. During those days I 
would just watch or read porn and masturbate. But eventually I decided I was ready to get 
pregnant again, to play my biological role and let a male shoot his sperm in me and knock 
me up. Although I fucked several men during my most fertile time, I did not catch the 
first month. But I did the second month. Of course Im not sure which day really caused 
me to get pregnant, but I suspect it was the day at the nude beach.

I knew I was in the middle of my most fertile period and I was looking for a man to 
knock me up. God I felt sexy, knowing I could give my body to a man and make a baby. 
This day I decided to try a nude beach not far from my house. I parked as near as I could 
and walked to the beach wearing a pretty shear but publically acceptable sun dress, but 
once at the beach I slipped it off so I was naked. I found a spot with a lot of good looking 
guys nearby and laid out my beach towel and sat down and pulled out some suntan lotion. 
As I started rubbing it on, it did not take long for a young man to come over and ask if I 
would like some help with the lotion.

I said Yes and he was soon rubbing lotion on my back. I laid down so he could do my 
butt and my legs. His hands on my butt made me squirm a little. When he was done he 
asked, How about the front? Well, Id hate to get sunburned there! I answered and 
rolled over. He started with my arms but then moved to my breasts, Ah, that felt nice, his 
strong hands massaging my naked breasts right there on a public beach. My nipples sent 
pleasant signals to my crotch making me squirm a bit and breath heavy. He could tell he 
was having an effect on me and as I watched him, I could see I was having an effect on 
him  his cock was swelling and twitching. He continued down my belly and then 
skipped to my feet, working his way up my legs. How many times had I had a man 
running his hands up my legs on his way to my pussy? Many, many, but how many times 
had it happened in public on a beach? Never! I was wondering how far he would go. His 
hands moved up and did slide along my pussy lips, but only briefly. He did try to work a 
bit of lotion into my pubic patch to make sure I didnt get sunburned there. But I could 
see his cock was definitely swelling with interest, beginning to stand up a bit on its own.

I looked him in the eyes and saw that he had seen me looking at his growing erection. I 
smiled and said, Looks like Im not the only one who enjoyed that! This is a nude beach 
but Im not sure it would be appropriate to have you walking around with an erection. I 
think we need to do something about that. He immediately offered that he shared a 
house with a group of guys just a couple of blocks off the beach, if I wanted to go back 
there. He added that the other guys were usually out in the middle of the day so we 
should have the place to ourselves. With a wicked smile I readily agreed and we quickly 
picked up our stuff, put on enough clothes to walk off the beach and through town 
without getting arrested, and headed off to his place.

It was a typical cross between low end beach housing and bachelor pad. There were 
several bedrooms with multiple beds, a living room with couch and TV, a kitchen and a 
bathroom. A number of empty beer bottles were laying around plus a few dirty plates. He 
led me into the first bedroom which had 2 beds and proclaimed that this was his bed. 
Well, we knew what we were here for and after embracing and sharing a deep kiss while 
pressing our almost naked bodies together (I could feel his erection growing through his 
swim trunks and pressing against my bikini clad pussy), we quickly stripped.

As he fondled my naked breasts, I went down on him, sucking his rapidly growing cock 
until it was straining out from his crotch hard and eager for my pussy. I ran my fingers 
over his nut sack, feeling those potent testicles producing his genetic imprint, his sperm 
which he would soon be shooting into my fertile womb. Soon I laid back, spreading my 
legs. My pussy was already wet but he slipped a finger into me, parting my lips, stirring 
my insides and getting my juices running even more. Before long he decided I was wet 
enough and open enough and he crawled between my legs, his hard cock leading the way, 
ready to fuck and inseminate me.

He brought it forward, the bulbous head sliding along my slit, parting my lips and then he 
slid in, all the way with a single stroke, filling me, stretching me until I felt his balls on 
my ass. I grabbed my ankles and pulled my legs out and back giving him deeper 
penetration as he began to thrust, fucking me, working us both toward orgasm. The 
sensations were wonderful as his cock slid along me G-spot, stretched me, filled me. His 
chest was pressed against my breasts stimulating my nipples. Not only the physical 
sensation, but his eager desire, desire for me, turned me on. I knew he was loving having 
his hard dick in my pussy, fucking me, knowing he was going to cum in me. And I knew 
that when he came, he would have a good chance of knocking me up. Oh I was looking 
forward to the feeling of his cock throbbing and pulsing inside me and the warmth and 
wetness of his sperm deep inside me!

We continued fucking, the sensations growing in my pussy as I concentrated on the hard 
cock massaging my insides, fucking me. I was pushing up to meet him, panting, I could 
feel my orgasm getting close and I could feel the tension building in his body, the 
urgency as he too neared his climax. Suddenly I heard a bunch of voices outside the door, 
the door opened and a group of young men tumbled in. We were shaking the bed with our 
fucking, both moaning in pleasure as they entered. Suddenly they stopped talking and 
there was a group of 5 guys all staring in through the bedroom door watching us fuck! 
We were positioned with our heads away from the door so I could look down our bodies 
past the guy fucking me and see them all clearly. From their perspective, the primary 
thing they could see was the guys hard cock stroking in and out of my pussy, his ass 
rising and falling as we fucked.

Wow! Fertile, getting fucked by a total stranger (I didnt even know his name), and being 
watched by his 5 roommates! But I was close to orgasm and wanted it, and after the 
initial shock, it turned me on, having the guys watching their friend fuck me. Fortunately 
my man didnt let them phase him and just kept thrusting. After a couple of minutes his 
friends chuckled and headed off to other parts of the house, but of course the bedroom 
door was open so our sounds were sure to carry and anyone who wanted to could look in 
at any time.

Now he was speeding up toward his climax and I was almost there myself. Come on, 
fuck me. Fuck me hard, Im gonna cum I said, maybe a bit louder than usual for our 
audience if they were listening. Oh yeah! Damn that pussy is good he answered. And 
then I was there, my pussy convulsing around his driving cock, my body bucking in 
orgasm as I cried out, Ah-h-h! Oh yes! Oh! Ah-h-h! He continued fucking me, grunting 
and groaning, Unh, Oh, M-m-m, Ah-h and finally Ah! Im about to cum, get ready. 
Oh yes, do it! Cum in me! Give it to me, I want to feel your cum all hot and wet inside 
me I answered. And then he pushed hard into me, his body making little jerking motions 
and I could feel his cock pulsing inside me and knew he was shooting inside me, that his 
semen was shooting from the end of his cock and splashing on the deepest walls of my 
vagina. Soon I felt the liquid warmth of it inside me and moaned, Oh yes! I can feel it 
inside! Give it to me, all of it.

He eventually relaxed and rolled off of me with a contented sigh. After lying there naked 
for a few minutes enjoying the afterglow and catching our breath he suggested, Lets go 
out and meet the guys and grab a bite to eat. I thought about putting on clothes but what 
the hell? They had already watched me fucking and it was warm out, so no point in false 
modesty. So we just headed out naked. The guys eyes just about popped out seeing me 
walk into the living room and kitchen naked, my pubic patch a bit matted and damp from 
our recent fuck (and I could feel the guys sperm starting to leak out). They grinned a bit 
and ask us, And a good time was had by all? In response to their questions, we said that 
we had met on the beach and then had to confess we didnt even know each others 
names, it had just been a spur of the moment, horny hormones thing.

I not quite sure how things progressed from there. We stood around a bit chatting, I think 
my guy was holding me, maybe cupping and fondling my breasts and rubbing his crotch 
against my ass as we stood there, but soon we were all in the living room, the guys had 
lost their clothes and I was surrounded by hard cocks. I ended up fucking all of them, 
letting each of them cum in me adding their sperm to the first guys load. I know at one 
point I was on my hands and knees, one guy plowing me from behind while I sucked a 
guy in front of me. At another point I was sitting on the couch with my legs spread, one 
guy between my legs fucking me while I stroked a hard cock with each hand. After each 
of the guys had cum inside me, my original partner took me back to his bed and fucked 
me one last time until he too groaned and shot another load inside me.

I was a disheveled, sweaty (theirs and mine) mess covered with sex juices, semen oozing 
out of my pussy and running down my legs. I took a shower, put on my clothes and we 
all thanked each other for a great time before I left.

Well, sure enough, I missed my next period and the home pregnancy kit said that I was 
indeed pregnant. Well, from that one day alone, the father could have been any of the 6 
guys who emptied their balls in me.

Once again I had my naughty secret growing inside my belly.

