TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c March 2000 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, Humor)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Story: Trials & Tribulations 
Author: C.D.E.

ABSTRACT: A husband laments about the things he has to 
contend with, due to his wife being a good Samaritan.

CAST:
Wife-Jenny
Husband-Jack

	You know, it gets me how many trials and tribulations 
a husband has to endure, to keep even a good marriage 
together.

If it's not my wife's old boyfriends accidentally 
interfering with our ironclad marriage, it's other men, 
even friends of mine, who inadvertently cause problems for 
our marriage also.

	Let me try to explain what I mean.  I'll start with 
her old boyfriends first.

	Her old flame, Jim, has accidentally managed to knock 
her up twice in our fifthteen year marriage.  My wife, 
Jenny, felt sorry for him because of the problems he was 
having with his significant other both times.  She claimed, 
each time, she hated to see him walking around moping and 
with a hard-on.  To lift his spirits, she lifted her dress 
and pulled her panties down for him.  Well, both times he 
got rid of his hard dick, and we got two additions to our 
family.
	
	Her explanation was the same each time she 
accidentally got pregnant from Jim.  "I can't help it if 
Jim buys such cheap rubbers and they fail" was the reason 
she gave me.  "You can't hold me responsible for him not 
buying quality condoms.  After all, I did more than enough, 
as his friend and helping him out, by giving him some."  

In both instances my wife let me know that abortion 
was out of the question.  I was very upset each time, but 
she and I reconciled.  I ended up being the daddy of the 
living, breathing results of her accidental dual sins.

	The same identical thing happened with two of her 
other old boyfriends.  Again we reconciled and I forgave 
her making the same mistakes again.  When you're in love as 
deep as we are, it's easy to forgive a loving spouse for 
accidentally making mistakes.

	You see, one of my wife's main character flaws is that 
she's just naturally too good hearted.  She seems to go 
overboard in being helpful to people, especially men.

	My wife is extremely beautiful.  I've told her several 
times she doesn't have to put out just because she makes 
other men's cocks hard when she's around them.  But alas, 
no matter how hard she tries to keep from being the good 
Samaritan, it gets to her if she goes too long without 
helping some poor guy out who gets an aching boner from 
being around her, or ogling at her charming figure.

She often feels sorry for some of my best friends too, 
especially Paul, who comes by to see me often.  Generally, 
it's when I'm not home.  We have two children that he's 
fathered also. I've asked him to call first to see if I'm 
home before he comes by, but he always seems to forget to 
do so. It seems when I'm there at home there is less of a 
chance that she weakens and offers him or others help for 
their aching hard-ons.  Well anyway, as a result of Paul's 
forgetfulness to put on a condom, she's pregnant again from 
him.  This is his third contribution to our relatively 
large family.

Jenny doesn't like the pill or diaphragms.  She thinks 
it's the man's responsibility to use birth control 
protection.  "After all, if I'm putting out, it's the least 
they can do to put on a good quality rubber" is what she 
always says.  She's also rather religious and doesn't 
believe in abortion either, hence our 9 kids, with number 
10 on the way.   

I must be the only one she has sex with that remembers 
to use protection faithfully, since I've yet to father a 
single one of our 9 kids, including number 10 in the oven.  
As I mentioned previously, she's confirmed to me that she 
believes it's Paul's baby.

Paul, and some of the other friends of mine that come 
by to see me, as I mentioned before, often come by our 
house while I'm not there.  Several times, I've arrived 
just as they were coming.  Not coming over, but coming in 
my wife's delectable cunt.  Early in our marriage, I would 
raise a stink.  That is for her feeling sorry for them 
because they got horny from being around her, and 
especially if the man, in a fit of passion forgot to put on 
a condom.  After the first few times I rebuked and scolded 
her.  She pouted angrily, and claimed that she got pregnant 
because I wasted time scolding her, when it would've been 
more productive trying to help her get the other man's 
virile jism out of her.  She's the one that proposed to me 
that sucking her semen filled pussy would be an effective 
means of extraction and pregnancy prevention.

"Darling, I know you have some difficulty when I feel 
sorry for them and give in to the fellows when they have 
erections, but I trust you to do a better job and a more 
thorough effort of drawing out their sperm than them.  Plus 
they are often tired from fucking me and probably don't 
like messing with their hot spent sticky semen.  The same 
stuff that caused them to fuck their buddy's wife in the 
first place.  So darling, it's just natural you have a 
vested interest in preventing me from becoming pregnant. So 
I think you're the better candidate to suck it out of me."

After I thought about the logic of what she said, I 
had to reluctantly agree.  She did make sense.  So now if I 
walk in and she's got a sloppy cunt from a condom failure, 
or forgetfulness on the part of some man she's felt sorry 
for, I say nothing.  I generally sigh with chagrin at the 
task before me, but immediately get on my knees and bury my 
face in her sloppy wet, slimy, bushy, sperm soaked snatch.  
She thinks I've prevented at least three pregnancies so 
far.

	Timing is everything, so I've told her to call or 
page me (Yes! I got a pager just for that purpose.) so I 
can rush to meet her to suck out some man's virile jism 
that somehow managed to get shot off in her unprotected 
pussy.

It really gets me that the guys who use my wife's 
pussy don't have the decency to put on, or use quality 
condoms.

I do love my wife very much, in spite of her 
affliction for being detrimentally helpful and good-
natured.  She's still a very good wife and an excellent 
mother.  I can tell it's her calling to be a good mother.  
Our pastor has even told us that it was my wife's talent to 
breed and take care of children.

The problem is that it costs so much to raise kids 
these days.  My mother-in-law proposed an idea for a more 
aggressive strategy toward pregnancy prevention for my 
"always want to be helpful" wife.

I was shocked by her proposal.  Besides being extreme, 
I couldn't fathom her thinking of such a thing.

"I haven't discussed it with Jenny.  I wanted you to 
think about and see if you were man enough to embrace this 
innovative concept."  My mom-in-law said.  

I was reluctant to even think about her idea, even 
after her continued discussion with me about it and why I 
should not be ashamed of performing it. After much coercion 
and nagging me to be decisive and do as she suggested, I 
decided to try her strategy idea out with several of my 
closer friends.  That is, those that can't seem to come by 
when I'm at home.  

I talked to my wife about it and she thought the 
approach was wonderful and demonstrated what a wonderful 
husband I am.  You see, my mother-in-law's proposal was for 
me to offer to suck the cocks of men who are affected by my 
wife's charms and have aching cocks.  The idea being to 
circumvent them from getting their sperm in my wife.

All of them have taken me up on my offer several 
times, including the pastor of our church.  He has 
routinely asked me to stay after services each Sunday, for 
the last three years, so that he can relieve his heated 
erections with my mouth.  He says he gets aroused from 
watching my wife in church services and that my mouthing 
him makes him resist temptation.  He's coated my tonsils 
with a lot of his heated viscous cum over the years.

Another thing, five of our children belong to a 
combination of the Pastor of our church and the Church 
Board of Deacons.  You see they are a result of my wife 
going with the pastor and deacons to semi-annual retreats. 

 After the third pregnancy that she attributed to the 
retreats, she convinced me that I should accompany them to 
be a birth control preventive.  The Pastor and deacons 
agreed, but they ruled that I would not be allowed to 
witness my wife being with them in their retreat services.

They use my wife as an example in their recurring 
retreat series on sexual temptations by church leaders. The 
purpose is to test the will and resolve of our church 
leaders to resist carnal temptations of the flesh.

As I said earlier, my wife is very religious and is an 
eager and willing participant in church activities.  She 
and two other wives seem to be always sought after by our 
church leaders for these retreats.

Myself and the husbands of the other two wives are 
heavily encouraged to let our wives participate in these 
retreat services.

My boss is a deacon in our church, so therefore I had 
to take that into consideration each time I think about 
opposing her participation.  Many times my boss reminds me 
personally that he is looking forward to these retreats and 
how unhappy he would be if my wife didn't participate.

I should mention that one of our sons strongly 
resembles my boss.  Jenny even named him after my boss 
because of his spitting image resemblance.  It's possible 
that my boss could be the real father since he's one of the 
deacons that had experienced sexual temptation failure with 
my wife, 9 months prior to our son's birth.

My wife has brought our son to my office several 
times.  The boss always beams when she brings in our son, 
whose Christian name is the same as his.  He insisted he 
become our son's Godfather.  Hence, that's another reason I 
find it difficult to say no to my wife's active 
participation in the retreat activities.

The other wives who participate have husbands whose 
bosses are also on the Deacon Board.  I know each of them 
and we all have similar personalities.  That is, we are 
easy going and don't like conflict or confrontations.

At the retreat location, the temptation testing 
involves my wife and the pastor, as well as each deacon.  
She and one of them have to spend two hours alone in a 
motel room where there is a TV playing XXX videos. An ample 
supply of condoms is also placed in the room along with a 
selection of alcoholic beverages and snacks.  She has never 
said so, but I believe my wife's role is to dress 
provocatively, that is by wearing scanty lingerie.  The 
actual temptation testing is secret and what I'm writing 
here is what I've been able to discern over the years in 
bits and pieces from my wife and the other husbands whose 
wives participate in the semi-annual event. Even though the 
pastor and each of the deacons have failed the test each 
time they were alone with my wife - twice a year for the 
last seven years - they all agreed that they are becoming 
more resistant to such temptations.

In preparation for these retreats, my Jenny and the 
other participating wives I mentioned, are told to get off 
their birth control pills at least 2 months prior to the 
retreat date. 

The purpose, I was told, is to increase the 
seriousness and realistic nature of this temptation testing 
of our church leaders.  The idea that they may impregnate 
another man's wife and have that permanent flesh and blood 
symbol of their failure walking around is suppose to cause 
them to evaluate the further importance of the impact of 
their failure.

However, my opinion is that our church leaders really 
don't seem to let that bother them, as myself and the other 
two husbands I mentioned before, have several children by 
the leaders in our families. 

Also, the minister comes by to collect and hold all 
our wives' birth control pills to ensure they abide by this 
two-month period.  He also gets sworn promises from our 
wives that they won't permit any of us husbands to have 
intercourse unless we use condoms.  I guess the only good 
news in all this is that he also brings over a large box of 
condoms for us husbands, courtesy of our church, whenever 
he comes by to collect our wives' birth control pills.

When I was allowed to attend the retreat services at 
the remote location, I was required to remain in my room 
while the actual testing was going on in another part of 
the complex.  I was on call in the event of a temptation 
failure. 

Each time I've attended the retreat, not only were 
there temptation failures, but in addition there were 
numerous split condoms and condoms accidentally slipping 
off.  My boss and the pastor seemed to keep forgetting to 
put theirs on.

Several of the deacons, as well as, the pastor often 
came by our room, after getting my wife's help in the 
retreat services, and had me remove the last vestiges of 
their temptation, for that night anyway, by milking the 
last bit of cum from their rather large cocks. Since that 
first time, the pastor has been using me routinely to mouth 
his rigid arousals.

Another thing, it seems like all the men I've sucked 
to date are all much larger than I. I was also amazed at 
the size of the residual loads I sucked or milked from the 
pastor and the deacons.

I'm glad I was at the retreats, otherwise all that 
extra thick hot viscous cum would've ended up in my Jenny.  
Alas, all plans don't work out too well.  She still got 
pregnant two more times after I started going with her. But 
she told me that if I hadn't been there we would've had  
more than those two additions to the family.  That was some 
solace to me.

She's currently two months pregnant and the pastor and 
the deacons still want her at the retreat tomorrow.  I'm to 
drive her up to the remote rural resort. We were already 
told that there would be no condoms used since she was 
already inseminated.

I didn't see the need for me to attend since she was 
already with child, that is due to Paul, as I mentioned 
earlier.  However, she and the minister and deacons desired 
me to accompany her so as to keep in practice at sucking 
her semen filled pussy as well as their cocks. 
 
The pastor spoke to me about this. "My son, in order 
for a skill not to become rusty, one must diligently 
practice it, even when there is no purposeful task at hand 
to apply it to."  

I suspect the group will find plenty of practice for 
me.  Additionally, Jenny, besides wanting me to lick her 
drippy slimy cunt, said she wanted to also see me milking 
the church leaders' fuck-slime coated cocks, as she'd never 
seen me suck a dick before.

So, anyway, there it is, my story of how my marriage 
is withstanding the various trials and tribulations caused 
by the well-intended actions of a loving wife, who is 
always willing to help others in such an unselfish manner.

			###END###

Comments?  C.D.E. at ccwriter@hotmail.com
My archive page is at www.asstr.org

