For several minutes after the guards locked the door, Rollin and Cinnamon searched for a secret doorway or weakness in the foundation. At first it seemed they were truly imprisoned, then Rollin discovered a draft coming from behind a stone that held a wall sconce. The mortar holding the rock in place appeared to be different than the ancient material used elsewhere in the room. Several minutes of manipulation with the heel of Cinnamon's shoe budged the brick. After several more minutes, they had pulled enough stones from the weakened mortar to create a hole wide enough for them to crawl through. On the other side was a corridor that smelled damp and musty but appeared to bend around a corner, as if it might lead somewhere.

Rollin wriggled through first, then took Cinnamon's hands to help her, knowing the claustrophobic space must be unnerving to her even if she wouldn't admit it. She had spoken to him mostly in monosyllables since the guards had left them in the room. The light was very dim once they passed into the hidden passage, yet not so dark that he couldn't see her glower.

Finally she spoke. "What in hell did you tell the princess?"

"I'm really sorry about it. I was desperate. I pulled out all the stops and she still wasn't buying that I really wanted her. She started to suspect that maybe I had another agenda, and I needed a cover story, fast. So I told her I was on the rebound. That there had been a woman..."

"And you told her my name, and my perfume!" Cinnamon rose to brush off her clothing, shaking her head incredulously. "She's right -- you did use me. This is my life, not fodder for some mission. I thought we both knew that the other night, that we weren't playacting for the IMF anymore -- I thought that was just us."

"It was just us! Cin -- "

"After all those things I told you, about the parts of myself I have to protect when I'm on a mission -- Rollin, how could you just toss me out like this?" When he started to respond, she held up a hand. They both listened intently for a moment for other voices or sounds, but heard nothing before Cinnamon continued in a lower voice. "I know you were trying to protect me with that little scene back there when we were caught. But when you were alone with her! Why couldn't you have made up some imaginary girlfriend instead of twisting me into something..."

"I didn't twist anything." As he whispered, Rollin crept forward with her, heading for the bend in the corridor from which light seemed to emanate. "You're right, I had no right to use you that way, but I didn't plan it. She asked me about my life because she thought I was lying, and I told her. I told her I was in love with a woman who wore 'My Sin' and how the perfume reminded me of your name. I didn't pick it because it was convenient, I picked it because it was true."

Cinnamon leaned her back against the wall and glared up at him. "You're in love with me," she said sarcastically. Then, seeing his features smoldering in the dimness, her expression closed over. "Rollin, the other night...I know we said we weren't playacting, but it was still just what it was."

"Which means what? It was just sex?" Anger clouded his judgment. "You did it with me like a mark you were taking down?"

"Stop it." Her eyes blazed and for a moment he thought she might slap him, but Cinnamon's self-control was too good for that. Instead she went for the jugular, turning the full fury of her scorn upon him, like in the performance they had rehearsed for Emil Skarbeck. "You don't fall in love with someone from one night. Not unless you're a deluded fool like the marks I take down. Just pull yourself together."

Angrier still, he spoke without thinking. "Why'd you save my glass as a souvenir if it meant nothing to you? You're distracted, too -- you can't just blame me for this mission going wrong. I'm not the one who didn't notice the minister who'd been groping me all night had a hidden agenda." She shifted her eyes away, the way she had when they made love and he tried to tell her how he felt. Suddenly Rollin understood why she was so defensive, and changed his tone. "Cin. Some people would consider a night like we had to be the great love of their lives. But I didn't fall in love with you that night. I was already in love with you. I just hadn't admitted it."

He watched her eyes blink rapidly before she shut down again, pressing her lips together in a tight line. She pushed past him, putting her hand on the stone wall to avoid tripping as they continued down the corridor. Rollin spoke to her back. "It's like you said -- when we prepare for these missions, we're supposed to keep our real selves hidden, in a protected place in case we get caught and tortured. But we can start forgetting who we really are if we hide them for too long. I'm sorry I told Halia, but she asked for the truth and my cover story wasn't holding up. It doesn't make it less real."

"Then you should have told Jim." Cinnamon turned suddenly, stopping him short with her arms between her body and his. "You should have told me."

"I tried to tell you..."

"Do you realize how much danger we're in? The princess knows she can hold me over your head. We should never have been on this mission together. You and I are finished as a team." Whirling away from him, Cinnamon marched toward their destination, not looking back to see whether he was following.

For the first time since their capture, a cold knot of fear formed in Rollin's stomach. The cover story he had told Halia was coming true -- he was about to lose the woman he loved to his job. "Cin," he pleaded. "Halia isn't who they told us she was in the briefing. I got to know her. She's rational -- she wants to get rid of the weapons as much as we do. We can talk our way out of this one..." His voice had risen, and she shushed him. "Listen. I screwed up. I know that. I'll do whatever's necessary, I'll accept whatever punishment the IMF deems appropriate." They had reached the corridor's end, capped by an old wooden door. "But you and me...that's real life. I won't give that up. I don't belong to the IMF and neither do you."

Cinnamon crossed her arms, eyes narrowed to slits. "What are you threatening to do? Quit?"

"If I have to." Rollin's voice didn't quite remain steady as he said the words, but he meant them. He could still hear Halia's voice ringing in his ears, telling him to be his own man. Cinnamon, however, was unimpressed.

"You're not leaving the IMF, Mister Master of Disguise. The work we do is too important. If either of us had to take a break, it would make more sense for it to be me. You don't know how close I came to breaking in the Eastern Zone." That surprised Rollin -- both that she thought she had come so close, and that she would admit it to him. As if she realized what she had just said, she added, "Look, we're both professionals. This is what we do. Neither of us has to take drastic action -- we just need to stop seeing each other."

She pushed gently against the mossy door, which creaked loudly, making her jump back. "Cin." Rollin put his hands on her shoulders and spun her around. "I know the risk, but it's a risk I'm willing to take. I can't believe the work still means that much to you, after what almost happened to you behind the Iron Curtain. And after those things you said about feeling like a tramp."

"What do you expect me to do? Throw it all away for you?" No longer scornful, Cinnamon now sounded simply incredulous. "You have no idea how I ended up here. I haven't told you the first thing about myself -- my father died in jail, did you know that? Do you want to know what I did to get my first modeling job? And why I was the girl the IMF hired out of everyone they considered? You may think you're in love with me but you don't even know me."

"I do know you," interrupted Rollin, understanding her better with every sentence she uttered. "I don't care if your mother was a hooker and your father was a Nazi. I know how brave you are. I know that you're smart, you can carry on a conversation about absolutely anything. You're funny and warm and you like men, you like making love -- you think people are going to judge you for that because we live in a world where people do that, but you don't let it change you. I know you'd do anything for your country and you're kicking yourself because this mission has been a disaster. I think like me you're hooked on the chase, wearing all these different disguises, and you can't imagine living without it." He grabbed her arms, forcing her to look at him. "But I also think deep down you're scared that one day it'll be finished, when we're older and we can't go back to being who we were, and then what? I think we could work it out together..."

"Don't do this to me." Cinnamon twisted away. "Don't do it to yourself, Rollin. There's no place for these feelings here. The princess is going to find us and try to use us against each other and they could get us killed -- not just you and me, but Barney and Jim and Willie too. I'm not willing to risk that."

Suddenly Rollin felt very tired. It was the middle of the night after an overnight flight following the most physically active and emotionally wrenching evening of his life, he was a prisoner along with the woman he loved, who blamed him for their predicament, and there might not be a thing he could do to save her...and it wasn't in the service of the greater good this time, it was because the IMF had sent them into a situation without having the facts straight. Cinnamon was probably right -- Halia would track them, interrogate him and then throw him to the dogs. Maybe that minister would make sure Cinnamon was spared, and she could get away; she was resourceful, she'd find a way. But the mission would fail, and Anchise would keep its warheads, when they might have been instrumental in defusing the situation if they'd simply taken a different approach.

For the first time, Rollin stopped to consider Halia's accusations about the meddling they had done in other countries. Certainly it was within the IMF's jurisdiction to break up downtown gambling rings and stop domestic heroin traffic, but using playacting and false papers to overthrow foreign governments just because one of their leaders was known to have leftist leanings? Destroying industrial complexes that threatened their country's interests, leaving thousands of foreigners unemployed?

The implications suddenly seemed staggering. It was no wonder Halia didn't trust him -- as an American, and moreover as a man who'd come to her with a romantic agenda. Since the death of her husband and maybe before, sex and romance had been tools upon which Halia depended to protect her position and promote her country's interests. There were probably few words a man could say to her that would arouse her suspicions as much as declarations of love.

As for Cinnamon, the situation might be too close for comfort. Rollin knew that she trusted him -- she had put her life in his hands on more than one occasion. Yet he suspected that in general, she didn't trust men very much -- she seemed far too cynical about the ease with which they could be seduced, which Rollin didn't think stemmed purely from confidence in her own allure. He suspected that most of the men who'd professed love to her had turned out to be lying or hopelessly besotted -- that was certainly the case with her IMF targets. And even when they were sincere, she often had to use their feelings against them anyway. No wonder she had gotten so uncharacteristically angry -- in Cinnamon's eyes, Rollin's being in love with her made him a liar or a fool, either one of which made him a deadly problem for the IMF.

"Cin, I'm sorry about everything." She looked at him with amazing calm, as if resignation to their fate had freed her from anxiety about it. "I didn't realize until we got here how different things would be. I know you probably think I'm crazy, or a liar, or an idiot, but no matter what you think, I love you." Rollin saw the frustration in her eyes, and the uncertainty -- she wasn't sure which would do more harm at this point, pushing him away or letting him finish, so he pressed on. "I just want to make sure you understand I mean it, and I'm not delusional and I'm not saying it to try to make you do or say anything. I guess I have to rethink what I'm doing with my life. All I know is that I want you in it."

He held out his hand to her for so long that he thought she was going to wait until he dropped it. They stood in silence in the dim corridor, their futures hanging in the balance. Finally, with a sigh, she clasped his fingers. Coming from her, that constituted a gesture so intimate that he felt overjoyed despite the circumstances.

"I guess there's no use crying over spilled...perfume," she lamented wryly. "Either way, we have to go through that door."

"Then let's go together." With their hands still joined, they pressed the heavy old wood until it groaned and opened wide.