Becky´s Bus ride
by BlitzLisa

16 years old Rebecca sat down in the back of the bus feeling confident and sexy. The cute redhead was wearing those heavy, knee-high black leather boots she had just bought and a short, goth-inspired black dress without a bra. She had never dressed like that before (and still wore her girlish pink panties underneath) but she really started to love her new “dark and naughty” look …. At least until today!

One stop before she would leave the bus, two other girls entered it. Two REAL Goth girls, with dark makeup and tattoos, completely dressed in black leather. One of them was tall and muscular with green coloured hair, the other one fat and ugly with a lot of piercings. Compared to them, Rebecca looked like a shy little girl trying out some fancy Goth-boots for the first time (which was kind of true). She tried to look away, but when the other girls spotted her, they started to laugh and immediately sat down left and right of her in the last row.
Rebecca felt very uncomfortable as she was now squeezed between those two amazons and even more uncomfortable when the green-haired girl put her big, cold hand on Rebecca´s naked thigh just between her boots and the end of her dress, and started to whisper in to her ear:

“What kind of joke are you? Are you supposed to be Goth? You are not even wearing makeup! Don´t you know that everyone who wants to be Goth in this town has to be introduced by us!?”

“I, I , I am very sorry! I will not do it again. I have to leave now!” Rebecca stuttered.

The Bus had stopped again and she stood up to leave it but was hold back by the green-haired girl grabbing her wrist.

“HEY! Let me go!” she cried, but was unable to free her hand.

Then she felt something under her short dress. The fat girl had grabbed the waistband of her panties and violently pulled her back to her seat (giving her a painful wedgie while doing so). Then the mortified Rebecca heard a loud “click” sound as she was forced to sit down. She looked down and realized with horror that the Goth-girl had put a bike lock through her stretched panties and attached it to the armrest next to her.


“Now you must stay with us you little fake Goth bitch! At least until we give you the key,” the two tormentors laughed.
“Why are you doing this? Please unlock me! I already missed my station! ” the poor girl begged with tears in her eyes as she realized, that the only other way to leave the bus was without her panties.

“Oh you will get the key little girl! But only if you sit here nice and quiet for the next minutes and let us take care of those nice boots that you don´t deserve.”

While saying that, the green-haired girl had put her hand back on Rebecca´s thigh and started to play with the zip of her long boots. Poor Rebecca was scared as hell and too shy to cry for help. She just wanted them to open the embarrassing bike lock.
Each of the Goth-girls had now started to temptingly slowly open the zipper of one of her boots.

“What are you doing?”, the helpless girl whined as they slowly peeled the boots off her long pale legs.

“Those boots for the key, isn´t that a fair deal?”, the green-haired girl answered as she took off Rebecca´s right boot and immediately stuffed it into a black leather backpack.

The fat girl did the same with her left one and the poor victim started to shiver as her naked toes touched the cold and dirty floor. Her dress ended far above her knee and without her boots, she looked very naked.

“Please! You can´t make me go home barefoot!” Rebecca cried close to her tears, but here tormentors only laughed.

“You are lucky if we let go!” the fat girl said enjoying the discomfort of her half-naked victim. “By the way isn´t that dress a bit too short?”

“Please just give me the key!” Rebecca begged, but the tormentors slowly started to lift her dress.

She did not dare to stop them.

“OH MY GOD! Look at those pink panties!”, the green haired girl laughed, “You are not a Goth, you are just a little basic bitch! Why don´t you show us what a bitch you are?.”

“What do you want from me?” Rebecca asked full of fear.

“Touch yourself you Bitch!” The green haired girl replied with an evil grin.

“Yeah rub those pink panties if you want the keys! You better get started, cause the next stop is ours!” the fat girl added.

Rebecca couldn´t believe what she was doing as her hand slowly wandered between her legs. But she was too scared to disobey, so she started to slowly rub her little clit through her panties in the middle of a public bus. Her face turned bright red. It was so unbelievably embarrassing but also unbelievably good.

“A, Are you happy now?” the barefoot girl asked after a few seconds.

“Nope! Keep going bitch. We want to hear you moan.”

Rebecca sighed in frustration. She had no choice. She increased the movements on her clit and she was scared how good that felt. Was she really masturbating in a public bus? Soon naughty Rebecca had to bite her lips to stop herself from moaning and a dark, wet spot appeared on her pink panties. She didn´t even care about someone seeing her anymore. She just closed her eyes as she felt an orgasm approach, but in the exact moment she would have started to cum, her hand was stopped by the iron grip of the green haired girl. Rebecca´s tortured pussy humped the empty air for another second before she realized that she would not cum.

“Oh my God! I can´t believe you really fingered yourself in public you little slut!”, the green-haired girl laughed. “But you can stop now. We have to leave!”

With horror, Rebecca realized that the bus had stopped again. Before she could react, the Goth-girls stood up, grabbed their backpacks with Rebecca´s boots inside and went towards the door. Rebecca wanted to follow but was held back by the bike lock in her panties.

“Have a nice day slut! Come back to us if you are real Goth.”, her tormentors shouted as they left the bus.

Then they were gone and poor Rebecca was left barefoot, horny and with her panties tied to the armrest. She also hated herself because a very naughty part of her still wanted to finish masturbating. But that was not possible. She realised that only one stop was left before the bus reached another town. If she didn´t leave now, she would have a very long way home (which she would have to go barefoot). Desperately, she pulled on the bike lock, but there was no way to break free. As she saw the next bus stop approach, she knew what she had to do.

Completely red-faced, the tormented teen started to take her panties off, but the bike lock was not very long, so she could not do it sitting. She had to climb on the seat and expose her long pale legs, delicate little feet and finally even her nice round butt, as she finally managed to slip out of her underwear.
A fourteen or fifteen years old boy sitting next to the door couldn´t believe his eyes as he coincidentally turned around. But Rebecca was far from caring anymore. The bus had stopped by now, so she left the bike lock with her panties behind, ran towards the door and finally escaped this bus ride of horror.

For a second the cute redhead, barefoot and without underwear under her thin dress, stood in front of the closing bus door, not knowing what to do next. Then she felt a violent pull on the back of her dress.
In her panic, Rebecca had not realized that, as she passed by, the boy sitting next to the door had reached out and grabbed the end of her dress. The thin material was now trapped in the bus door and the vehicle started to move. With a high-quality dress, Rebecca would have been dragged along, but luckily her fake-Goth clothing was just ripped off her body. The last thing the mortified teenager saw was the boy grinning at her through the bus window as the vehicle left with her last piece of clothing trapped in the door.

Feeling the cold asphalt under her naked toes and the wind on her still wet pussy and hardening nipples, Rebecca slowly started to realize what just had happened! She was stranded two bus stops away from her home 100% butt-naked. Only a small bag with her purse and phone was left. But she was too embarrassed to call someone. Covering herself in classic ENF position, she started to walk. That was going to be a long way home…

