Three years earlier I happened to return home to Connecticut and
went out with my girlfriends, Mannie had moved to Silver Spring
but also returned for the weekend. I saw him at a new club that
had recently opened and we decided to hook up later that evening.
I was dressed to impress that night wearing sheer black
bell-bottom pants with a black thong underneath and a black sheer
cropped top with a black lace bra exposing the bulges of my
nipples. He approached me from behind recognizing the phat ass he
had tapped so many years ago. It was pouring rain outside and he
was staying at his boy's house and offered to drive him home. He
asked me in and I knew I wanted to show him how much I had
learned since our high school days. I was 26 at the time and had
just recently posed for the front cover of a men's magazine out
in California so I knew my body was "banging". I went in and
walked right to the bedroom, I danced for him a little in an
attempt to shake off my slight inebriation and trying not to tip
over while taking off clothing here and there until I was in
nothing more than my Black heels and thong. I approached him and
dropped to my knees to take a small sample taste of what he had
to offer. I straddled him on the bed and rode him like Roy
Rogers, sucking his neck and licking the lobes of his ears until
he came. I did not cum only because that was not my plan, I
wouldn't be effective if I came and needed all of my stamina for
the rest of the evening. I proceeded to the bathroom and
showered, midway during the shower I asked him to get me a towel,
when he entered the bathroom I pulled him in the shower with me.
I went to my knees again and sucked him until my lips were nearly
numb staring up into his eyes that were rolled back in his head;
after he came I hurried him off so that I could finish washing.
When I went back into his room he was drunk and nearly passed out
on the bed. I lay on top of him stroking his perfectly formed abs
and knew what had to be done to get him hard again. I worked my
way down his chest licking and sucking every pore along the way.
When I reached his dick I slowly circled the immense head with my
tongue. I slowly took all eight inches of what he had to offer
like a trooper. As I licked and sucked I gently ran my
fingernails back and forth over his balls. As he began to harden
I grabbed the shaft of his dick with one hand and stroked it back
and forth until he reached full erection. When he was hard I lay
on the bed and put both legs back behind my head and screwed him
until he could take no more. I asked him if he missed this pussy
as he rammed it back and forth into me so hard that his balls
slapping my ass sounded like the thunder outside, I asked him if
this phat wet pussy was being good to him. I yelled at him to
fuck me, hurt me, punish me and told him I wanted to feel his
entire dick inside me. After he came again, he begged me to move
back to Maryland with him and rushed to write down his number as
I quickly dressed I just laughed, got dressed and headed for the
door. On my way to my car I placed the piece of paper with his
number on it under his car's windshield wiper and drove off never
to see or hear from my past again..

