CAREER CHOICE

(MF, affair,cheat?)

Edited by Lance Vargas

Preface - My girlfriend's best friend told me this story over
beers one evening. I spent US$35 getting the whole story out of
her. This is a true story because I eventually met Matt who,
while not telling me the whole story, told me enough to
corroborate most of it.

**********************************************

She opened her mouth to say hello to Stella who brushed past
quickly straight into Lynn's office without making eye contact.
That was rude, thought Meg about her co-worker's actions - coming
into the office in the middle of the day without even saying a
simple hi.

"YOU WHAT?" boomed Lynn's voice through the open door.

Meg jumped to her feet and appeared at the office door before the
echo of the yell subsided.

"What's going on?" Meg asked meekly.

"Stella slept with Matt," Lynn stated in a matter-of-fact tone.

"WHAT? What about Crytal? I thought he was..." Meg replied
indicating Matt's finacee.

Stella cut her off. "It just happened, ok? I mean this morning in
Hendersonville. It was completely by accident. We didn't plan
anything. It was just a convenient accident."

"You don't accidentally have sex with somebody!" barked Lynn.

This was going to present a real problem managing her office,
thought Lynn. Stella and Matt had been road warriors with the
company for years, for longer than Lynn had been there. But each
had their own projects that rarely allowed their paths to cross
in the field. But this last "all-hands-on-deck" emergency
situation at the Hendersonville unit required both of them to be
there at the same time. Lynn saw nothing wrong with the
assignment, and even if she did it was an emergency situation
that would have superceded any company policy about workers
travelling together.

"Well, I mean, it just happened. It's not like we planned
anything. You know how crazy it was! I picked up Matt at his
apartment at 5:00 o'clock yesterday morning. We got there at like
7:30 and didn't stop until around 10 last night. I honestly
didn't see him all day. He was with IT and I was in production.
He finished before me and was checking things out when I bumped
into him. We laughed and said something like we work in the same
office and never see each other. I think we were so tired we were
giddy."

"So, y'all just decided to spend the night together or what?"
asked Meg.

"No, no, no. We were hungry and didn't know what would still be
opened there. Turns out nothing was, so we went to a supermarket
to at least get something to bring back to the hotel to eat. Then
we realized we didn't even have a hotel reservation! Everything
just happened so fast we didn't get Maxie to make reservations.
We started calling places until we finally found a Holiday Inn
Express that had a vacancy. Except when we got there it was just
one room. Some kind of fabric convention in Carriere sold out
everything."

"Oh yeah," Lynn breathed. "I forgot about that. It's huge."

"Yeah, well, there was only one room, and well, we took it. He
said he would sleep in the car, but I told him that was stupid. I
said there would be two beds in the room, but the clerk shook her
head and said 'king.' So I said I would sleep on the sofa, but
the clerk shook her head again. No sofa. Just a dresser and tv
and some chairs.

"Well, I took the key and we both talked as we walked back to the
car for our bags. I told him that we were both grownup and could
act like adults. Anyway, we were so tired and hungry that messing
around was the very last thing on our minds. I mean seriously, I
know Crystal and I like her a lot. And you know how much respect
I have for Matt, I mean, for our whole team. I would never plan
to do something to mess anything up."

Stella sat quietly brooding about the events. Meg put an arm on
her shoulder. They both looked upset. Lynn appeared angry but
concerned.

Lynn spoke, "so you ate and...?"

"Well, we ate quickly. Like I said, we were both so tired, so we
took turns going to the bathroom to get ready. We hadn't planned
to be sharing a room with anyone so our pajamas weren't really
meant for company. At least mine weren't. And to tell you the
truth, I don't think he brought any! He came out in his boxer
briefs still with wet hair and he looked very self-conscious..."

"Matt in boxer briefs? Ooooo," cooed Meg. "I don't think I would
have been able to control myself either! It's his eyes, but those
buns!"

"Hush!" commanded Lynn. But truth be known she was thinking the
same thing herself. This was definitely a tough assignment. For a
32-year-old Matt had the body of a high school athlete. He was a
marathon bicyclist and a health nut. She admitted to herself
being hypnotized sometimes watching him work at his desk and just
wondering. But this is reality now, she thought. And her worker,
her friend Stella had crossed the line with him. She's so lucky,
she thought then immediately reprimanded herself for thinking
that.

"Yeah, and yes he did look good. And that's when I started
getting nervous. See, I only bought my pink gown, and well, it's
seen its better days. But like I said, I didn't plan for an
overnighter with anyone. Good gosh, it's not sexy or anything.
It's just an old gown, but I was so self-conscious because it's
just not that concealing. Anyway, I thought he would be asleep
when I came out after my bath. But he wasn't. He was waiting to
turn out the light. And he was way over on the other side of the
bed like he was going to fall out any minute."

"Did he say anything when you came out?" asked Meg.

"Well, yeah, kinda..." admitted Stella.

"WHAT? What did he say?" demanded Lynn, immediately criticizing
herself for reacting that way. She had to command some exposure
as their superior.

"He just said that I looked nice. I know I blushed and told him
thanks. I told him that he looked good too before thinking about
it. Then I saw his 'lump' in the sheets and I got even more
embarrassed. That's not even what I meant, but he got embarrassed
too and adjusted himself in bed. I think that's when it got
tense."

"So that's when it happened?" Meg begged.

"No, we just went to sleep. He turned out the lights and we said
goodnight. I just felt so weird laying in the same bed and
telling each other goodnight. It took me a long time to get to
sleep, but I heard him kind of snoring almost right away. I
guessed he didn't think anything of it."

"No, I'm sure he's used to sleeping with single women in a king
size bed," Lynn offered trying to lighten the situation if
anything.

"So, that's it? When you said slept with Matt that's what you
meant? That you slept in the same bed and that's all?" Meg
sounded disgusted as if she were ready for some deep gossip but
was told a joke instead.

"Just wait. Listen." continued Stella.

"We did fall asleep. But sometimes early this morning we were
close together in the bed almost spooning. I could feel his
breath on my neck. He was still sleeping. I could tell because of
his breathing. I just laid there thinking about where we were and
how relieved I was that we made it through the night without it
getting weird, you know?"

"So, you just got up and got out?" asked Meg.

"I wish! No, I just laid there thinking about it. And the more I
thought about it the more, well, you know, the more I felt
something."

"You got horny," smiled Meg.

"Yeah, I guess. A lot." Stella seemed embarrassed now.

"Well, I know I would!" said Meg.

"I just kind of laid there thinking about him in his boxer
briefs. My back was to him but I tried to turn to see him. I
didn't want to disturb him though, so I just laid there. Then I
thought about scooting back just a bit to maybe touch him, you
know, maybe his leg or his arm..."

"Or something else," chided Meg, a nasty smile on her face."

"Yeah, well that's what happened," offered Stella.

"You felt his dick?" Meg was surprised.

"Well, duh, it was all sticking out and everything. Yeah, it was
the first thing I felt."

"It was sticking out of his panties?" Meg asked without thinking.

"No, it was still in his briefs," Stella corrected. "But I mean
it was huge and out front. I felt it on my backside..."

"Your butt?" asked Lynn unable to help herself.

"Yeah, my butt. My gown had ridden up, of course, so I felt the
material against my skin. So I just pushed against him a little
more, just a little you know?"

"Did he do anything?" Meg asked almost breathlessly.

"Yes, oh god yes, he started to hump a little." Stella almost
giggled.

Meg squealed and crossed her legs tightly. Even Lynn found
herself becoming flush at the thought of the scene. She felt her
blood growing hot and the tingle in her crotch belied any sense
of authority she currently felt.

"I felt him move between my cheeks. For just a split second I
thought about moving him downwards, but I realized just how crazy
that would have been. I mean, I didn't think I wanted to touch
him or hold him or anything."

"Yeah, with Crystal and all, huh?" offered Meg.

"Well, no, I guess I never really thought of her. I was just
trying to be a good girl, but I guess I was beyond that. Anyway,
he finally woke up and realized where he was. I played like I was
sleeping though. I could tell he was surprised where he was, too.
He kind of jerked, but then he stayed right where he was. Then I
could feel his arm move and he kind of adjusted himself, moving
his penis around or something. It wasn't touching me anymore, and
well, I admit I was kind of disappointed."

"He pulled away?" Meg was almost besides herself in anticipation
of the rest of the story.

"Wait, listen. Yeah, he pulled away but not for long. Oh god, I
can't believe."

"What? What?" asked Lynn impatiently.

"Well, he put it back against my behind, but... but he took it
out of his briefs. I mean it was just bare and touching me."

"Oh shit," Meg whined pushing both palms into her crotch looking
very unladylike in the process.

"She's about to cream," Lynn chuckled indicating Meg.

"But this is so goddam hot!" Meg cried.

"Oh gosh, talk about," Stella continued. "I mean he was right
there with his big dick literally poking my butt. He was rubbing
it very slowly up and down, and I could hear his breathing
getting labored. That's when I kind of turned over to look and he
played like he was sleeping! I realized we were both playing
games. So I turned completely over to face him. He opened his
eyes slowly and looked at me. I told him good morning and he said
the same.

"I asked him how did he sleep and he said OK. I told him I did
too. I looked at him in the eye a little longer and finally
couldn't take it anymore. I told him that I felt him against me.
He looked very embarrassed and was about to say he was sorry, but
I cut him off and asked why he pulled down his underwear. He said
because it felt good. Well, at least he was honest. I told him I
wasn't wearing any and he said he didn't think so. We just kind
of laid there quietly looking at each other. Finally I said
'well?'"

"You told him 'Well?' Holy crap, Stella!" Meg was so surprised.

"I mean, what else was I going to say? I guess that was the one
little pebble keeping all the boulders at the top of the hill
because everything kind of happened after that."

"Everything? What do you mean by everything?" Lynn asked,
well-knowing the answer but wanted desperately to know the
details.

"Well, he moved closer to me and felt for my waist and just
rubbed my hips. I almost held my breath waiting for that hand to
move, and it did. He put it right between my legs, first playing
with my curls then finally going right for the lily pad. I almost
exploded all over him, it just felt so damn good and so damn
right."

"Oh shit, Stella." Meg yelled as she dug both of her hands deeper
into her crotch. Lynn, too, had to adjust herself behind her desk
as she felt her panties becoming soaked.

"Man, he knew how to do it right! Shit, Crystal is a lucky woman.
But then when I reached over I didn't realize just how lucky she
was!"

"He's big?" asked Meg eagerly.

"Holy crap he's huge! I mean long and fat. Seriously! He
shuddered when I first touched him, and then I slowly stroked him
up and down while he was pushing two fingers into me. We finally
kicked all the covers off of the bed, and that's when he got on
his knees. I pulled my gown up to my waist and spread my legs.

"He looked down between my legs and told me I was beautiful. I
just smiled at him and looked at his big weenie just bouncing
around. Then he pointed it down and I felt him touch me and begin
to rub it on me. I spread my legs wider and that's when he
finally pushed it in."

"Like all the way?" asked Lynn.

"No, not at first. I was juicy and everything, but it was still
tight. But he was so caring, he at it, though, and finally was
in, and it was heaven! Oh crap it was sooooo good!"

"You lucky bitch," spat Meg now rubbing herself beneath her
skirt.

"Tell me about it! He was so damn good, these long slow strokes.
I know I came almost immediately, I mean he was that good. Then
he reached and pulled my gown up."

"Well, hell yeah, he wanted your boobs! All guys want your boobs,
girl. I want your boobies!" laughed Meg still rubbing herself
even harder.

"He was gentle with the girls, too. He would lean over and kiss
and suck them, but never losing a stroke. I came when he began
sucking, too. I know I was moaning like a mad woman. I know they
could probably hear me in the next room.

"Then he stopped and stood up to pull his briefs off. I took a
moment and pulled my nightie over my head. Then he laid down and
made me get on top. Well, I had gone this far I might as well go
whole hog, so I got on him and rode like crazy."

"Oh shit, Stella. This is crazy. Is all of this true?" Lynn asked
earnestly.

"Every damn word, Lynn. I swear. It was crazy. Then he made me
get out of bed and turned me around to hold on to the dresser. He
got behind me and that was all he needed. Matt is a goddam horse.
He came like a son of a gun. I could almost feel his cum shooting
in me. When he finished he fell back on the bed. I joined him and
just played with his chest hair while he was breathing heavy.
Without saying anything I went and took a shower and got ready
for my day.

"When I came out he was digging in his bag and then went in the
shower without a word. I was already dressed and ready when he
came out. He quickly dressed, and we checked out and I drove us
home. I dropped him off at his apartment this morning, and he
said he would be in this afternoon.

"What did you talk about on the ride back?" asked Meg coming back
to earth.

"Nothing. Not a thing. It was almost total silence," remembered
Stella.

"You didn't talk for two and a half hours?" Lynn asked.

"Yep. Just drove quietly. Of course I was thinking about
everything that just happened. I'm sure he was, too."

Just then the front door opened and all three jumped to see Matt
enter. He glanced in Lynn's office and without any
acknowledgement headed to his office. Stella and Meg both stood up,
and Meg smoothed her dress down. Stella smiled and shrugged her
shoulders at Lynn and left for her own office. Meg walked slowly
back to her desk her head spinning with Stella's story. She could
see Matt from her desk and smiled at him. He smiled back.

Matt was in a horrible state of confusion. How could he face
Stella now? They had been working together for twelve years, and
now things have changed permanently. And what if she told anyone?
No, she wouldn't do that. Women don't do that, he comforted
himself.

Lynn came into his office and asked "How was Hendersonville?"

"What?" asked Matt, "what do you mean? It was OK."

"No, I mean how did you leave it? Are they up?"

"Oh yeah, no, I mean, yes, they're running fine now. It was a
core module that was corrupted. I coded around it. There's an
upgrade coming so I'm going back next week to install."

"Good, maybe I'll hitch a ride with you." Lynn smiled, and Matt
immediately wondered if Stella had spilled the beans.

"Sounds like Stella got lucky, too. She said everything came out
all right."

Matt looked up quickly at her, and she just smiled. He watched
her turn and  leave with a little sway of her hips.

Matt went back to pulling papers out of his bag when he looked up
at the tapping on the door. His heart sank. He knew he would have
to face her eventually when he saw Stella lean into the door.

"Got a minute?" she choked.

"Yeah, come in," Matt said putting his bag down and pushing the
papers aside.

Stella entered quickly and closed the door quietly behind her.

"Matt, I want to apologize..."

He cut her off "Stella, it's my fault. I mean, I started..."

"No, you didn't. Well, we both did. It just happened, ok? It will
never happen again. I promise."

"It won't?" he gulped.

She looked at him in surprise "What do you mean? I thought you
didn't want it to happen again."

"I never said that."

She looked at him quizzically and said "Crystal?"

"Crystal and I are taking some time off, Stella. I didn't want to
say anything because I didn't need the office gossip to distract
me. Now I've got a whole new thing to distract me."

"Matt, this complicates things. I mean, we can't..."

"Yeah, I know." said Matt. "I mean, I've always looked up to you
as a co-worker. Your reputation for being so precise, hah, your
reputation for being a bitch!"

Stella laughed.

Matt continued, "I would never even dream of crossing the line
with you. I always found you attractive, and yes, sometimes sexy,
but always off limits. I guess my libido bitch-slapped my moral
compass. And by the way, you're fantastic. I don't think I can
look at you the same now. That's why I want to formally put in
for a transfer..."

"NO! Matt, no! You can't do that. We can make this work. I know
we can. We're both professional, I mean here in the office,
anyway. I know we're smart enough to do the right thing when we
need to."

"Well, I'll think about it."

"You ok, then?" Stella rose from her seat looking at him
carefully.

He looked up and smiled, "Yeah, I'm fine. I'm really good. You?"

"Whoo, better than ever," she winked at him and walked out of his
office.

Then a little redhead popped into his door opening. "Well, good
'morning,'" greeted Meg jokingly sarcastic emphasizing the
'morning' since it was afternoon.

"Oh hey, yeah, good morning. Just got back from Hendersonville."

"Yeah, I heard," quipped Meg before catching herself.

"Oh?" Matt asked with raised eyebrows.

"Uh yeah, Stella said y'all came back this morning." Meg replied
meekly.

Then she quickly added, "Tipper's got happy hour tonight. You
wanna go? Call Crystal and ask her."

"Um, yeah, Crystal probably can't make it, but yeah, I could use
a drink or four tonight."

"Cool! Hey, I can whip up something at my apartment before or
after, ok?"

Matt looked up from his desk and directly into the little
redhead's eyes. She was just so damn cute and sexy. Why had he
never notice that before? And what was she asking him?

"Yeah," he chuckled. "Yeah, I'd like that. After, ok?"

He watched her march back to her desk very satisfied with
herself.

"Shit, let's see what happens next," Matt thought to himself.

---

Read the rest of Vargas stories at
http://www.asstr.org/~Lance_Vargas/