Part Seven "The Limo Ride"

I arrived home late that evening and Linda was already asleep in bed and Karen was nowhere to be found. Being pretty tired out from the last few days I just cuddled up with Linda and went to sleep caressing her body softly as I held her close. It had been many years since I held her like that. The feeling was good and I was happy.

I woke the next morning too Linda licking my balls and saying, "Get up sleepy head you have a busy day" (After the events of the past few days I had forgotten a business trip I had to go on.) Running her tongue along the length of my cock she ask "Are you going to come for me before you leave?" 

Pulling her up from my cock and pushing her down on her back I straddle her chest and started to titty fuck her. (Some thing I've done many times in the past just to get a quick nut) As I my dick passed between her tits and into her mouth I knew it wouldn't be long. In fact in less than Five minutes I was ready to cum "Oh yah baby you feel good I'm going to cum"

Looking up at me she asked, "Please cum in my mouth let me taste you. Fill my mouth with your seed" 

This was something that she has never asked for, but I complied filling her mouth with my cum as she suck ever bit cum my cock had to offer. I had a feeling of complete satisfaction at that moment as she finished my sucking my cock dry. 

I slid myself down her body holding her tight against me. I kissed her deeply tasting myself on her lips. I remember thinking as I continue to kiss her how many things has change over the past few weeks. I once again had a loving wife and now I also had her loving friend. My thoughts drift from Linda to Karen and finally to my sexy little neighbor. I still needed to have her. Just not as bad as I did before.
 
My daydream was soon broken though by Linda saying, "Come on get up and get motivated or you'll miss your plane." 

It was a trip just a few short weeks ago I couldn't wait for. Now however I didn't want to leave. I was contemplating blowing off the trip, but I was expected to give a speech as one of the company's top producer. I had to go and I knew it. I remembering thinking it was going to a very long week as I finished getting ready. I gave Linda a hug and kiss good-bye as she went off to work while I was waiting on the Limo to take me to the airport (quick tip for those of you who travel it cost $75.00 to $125.00 in cab fare cash. The Limo service charges $150.00 flat and they'll bill me. Not to mention it a much nicer ride.). I was in my office making a couple short calls before leaving when the door bell rang, "I'll be right there" I yelled out thinking it was the driver. Ending the call I grabbed my bags and was walking to the door when it open with my sexy little neighbor standing there. 

"Where are you going?" she asked I in a quizative manner after seeing the suitcase by the door.

"I have to leave in a few minutes I'm flying out to New York for a few days on business I'll be back next week" 

Her eyes fell to the floor and face dropped as I spoke. "Oh do think that I might be able to borrow a little bit of money before you leave? Mike didn't get paid yet for his last job"

"Fine how much" I asked as I walked into my office.

"Well I need $240.00 for the electric and we have no cash for the house! But I promise I'll pay it back with interest as soon as you get back!" 

She wasn't dress in one of the sexy outfit she normally wore. In fact she had on very plain every day clothes, no make up and had a look of despair of her about her. I couldn't resist. This is what I was waiting for "Fine I'll give you a check for your electric and $200.00 hundred in cash, but I don't want you pay it back. I want you to give me 10 hours of your time starting now!"

"Doing what?" she asked apprehensively.

"Any thing I want! Starting with a blow job right now!" I stated in demanding voice "and there no time to think it over as I only have a few minutes before my ride get here. So either get on your knees or get the fuck out!

I could see the tears building up in her eyes as she knelt down in front of me. "You know what, why don't you get naked for me while you suck my cock" I watch as the tears ran down her cheeks as she undressed her self for me. Then she returned to her position in front of me. Undoing my fly I pulled my cock free and put it to her mouth "Suck my cock" was all I said in a very harsh manner. She had no desire to do what she was being made to but it still felt good to have the warmth of her mouth around my cock. I was enjoying my self and only needed a few more minutes, but the doorbell rang. I knew it was my limo. "Go see who at the door and tell them to come in I'll be done in a minute" She started to reach for her clothes when I added "NO! go just like you are" 

"I can't what if it's Mike?' 

"It's not. It's my ride to the airport. Know get your sexy little ass out there and let him in. In fact show him to the living room and ask him if would like a drink or any thing while we finish up."

She wiped the tears from her eyes and did exactly as she was told inviting the driver in and leading him to the living room before returning to her knees in front of me taking my cock back in to her mouth. This time she was sucking on my cock with a just little more effort than just a few moments before. 

"Get up and follow me," I said as I pulled my dick out of her mouth and put it back in my pants. I took her by the hand as I walk out of the office stopping in the living room for a moment while I ask the driver if he had time to drop her back off here after he took me to the airport. 

"Yes sir, but I will have to charge you for a round trip though" is all he said.

"That's will be fine" I answered as I smack my sweet little neighbor ass before leading her to the bedroom.   

"I can't go with you. What will I tell mike?" she complained

"Tell him any thing you want, but for now get your happy little ass on the bed." I order as I started taking off my clothes. She looked at me and then to the open bedroom door. "What are you afraid he might see you? Well guess what it's to late he already has." I stated as I stepped up to her grabbing hold of her naked little snatch. God was she ever hot and wet. My middle finger slipped right into her pussy. "Dam bitch you are enjoy this aren't you?" I asked sliding my finger in and out of her hot little pussy a few more times. Before I pushed her down on the bed and spread her legs open. 

I got down in front of her licking her pussy. Inhaling her scent as I nibbling and lick her pussy before moving up to her tits. Taken one then the other into my mouth it was awesome holding her kissing her knowing I would soon have my prize, my treasure. I kiss my way up her body to her neck as I brought my cock to her pussy. I slid the tip of my dick along her slit a few times pausing at her entrance for a moment to look at her. She had her face turned away with her eyes and mouth closed tight as I push my dick into her hot tight little hole. I could feel her pussy tighten up as I pushed my way into her. I watched as tears rolled down her face as I slid my cock in and out of her. There was no turning back now and we both new it. I fucked her slow and easy for about 15 or 20 minutes enjoy myself before I was ready to let go. I was still caressing her breast and kissing her neck as I started to cum inside of her. 

"No don't cum in me," She yelled out as she tried to get out from under me "I don't want to get pregnant! No please stop! Please!"

I didn't let her up, instead I fucked her harder on the last few strokes enjoy her as she was crying and trying to fight me off. I was lying on top of her holding her down while my dick was going soft inside her. When I whispered in her ear "Can you feel my hot seed in side of you filling up your treasure chest with my gold!" As tears pour from her eyes and she struggle to get up.

I held her there for a few more minutes as she calmed down before I finished by say. "Now I'm going to let you up and if you still want your money you will suck my cock clean before we leave for the air port were I'm going to fuck the shit out of you in the limo. You decide but don't start bitching and stop crying" With that being said I climbed off of her and stood at the edge of the bed looking down at my new toy.

She laid there for a few minutes before she sat up taken my cock in her mouth sucking on it a few times before she stop to say "It would be kind of dumb not to get the money now"

"Good girl. Now go get dressed we need to be leaving" She had to walk her naked freshly fucked ass pass the driver again to go get her clothes out of my office. I decide to wear a sweat suit for the trip to New York instead of my business clothes. It would be easier to get off in the Limo.

When I walked out of the bedroom the driver simply asked if I was ready yet or if I needed more time. I assured him I would finish with what needed to be done on the way to the airport as I grabbed hold of my new toy's ass.

"Yes sir that will be fine" he replied

The driver grabbed my bags on the way of the house and stopped momentarily to open the door for us. As soon as we were in the limo I told my new toy to strip. "But..." she started to say. "But nothing! No one can see you except the driver and me. I've already had your ass and he's already seen your naked ass. So stop bitching and start stripping" which she did as the driver got in the front I had her sit next to me so as she was facing the driver in all of her naked glory.  I was caring her breast as I instructed the driver to stop at the bank before we got on the freeway. 

"Yes sir" was all he said before I put the partition up to give us a little more privacy. 

She smacked me saying, "Why didn't you put that up before you had me get undress?"

"What do you care you'll never see him again" I said as I grabbed hold of her pussy sliding my finger into her wet hole "Besides I think you like it, or should I say at least your pussy does. Now get on your knees and suck my cock!"

I lifted my ass up just enough to pull my sweatpants down a little to free my cock as she took it in to her mouth. It was such an amazing sensation feeling her mouth bobbing up and down on my cock as the limo rolled through the streets. 

 I was truly enjoying myself when over the intercom the driver asked "Sir were at the bank did you want to go through the drive trough or did you need to go inside"


"Please pull up to the ATM that will be just fine," I answered. 

My new toy stopped sucking my cock for a second and I had to tell her "I didn't say you could stop now put your mouth back on my cock"

The Limo stopped and he came over opening the door to see her my sexy little neighbor's head bobbing up and down on my cock. "Sorry sir" he said as he closed the door.  

She turned bright red and bit down a little on the head of my cock making me jump before saying. "I hope your enjoying yourself asshole"

"Don't worry I am. Now sit your little ass right here and don't move till I get back I want to be able to see you." I told her as I pulled my sweat pants up and open the door. The driver went to close it as I said, "You can leave the door open" 

One thing about limos is they get peoples attention. As I walked up to the ATM machine a couple of young boys maybe 14 or 15 looked in to see my sexy little toy sitting there in her glory. I think they would have said something but the driver who was a rather large fellow was standing next to the open door. Another couple a man and a woman probably in there 20's walked by stopping for second or two to stare in at my little treasure as well. I was contemplating on waiting a few more minutes to see other people reaction, but time was running short. So I got back into the limo to find her beat red, but smiling all the same. "I knew you were an exhibitionist!" I told her as climb in removing my pants and pulling her head down to my cock while I ran my hands over her sweet little body.

A few minutes later we were on the freeway to the airport. The trip usually took any where from an hour to an hour and a half. I remember thinking not nearly long enough this time. I had her sit her self on my cock with her back toward me. It was an amazing feeling having my cock buried in her tight hole as I could feel the motion of the limo through our bodies. I reached over to the window control open both back windows and the sunroof as she was riding my cock. The wind was whipping around the car blowing her hair everywhere. The sensations we where feeling where incredible as she started riding my cock harder and moaning louder. She must have had at least four maybe five orgasms. Some of the people driving by where beeping their horns as they passed.  Some were driving side by side with us for as along as they could to watch the show. This time when I came in her pussy she wasn't asking me to stop just screaming about how good it felt. She had been riding my cock for an hour strait. My cock and balls were cover with her juices as I went limp in side of her.

"Ok bitch get on your knees and clean up your mess," I said as I pushed her off of me and down on her knees. She took my cock in her mouth and sucked on it for a few minutes before I said, "Ok now lick my balls clean you cock teasing little slut, she did. I was in heaven as she licked and nibbled on my balls, my dick, and the inside of my thighs with no restraint. She was like a completely different woman than I had a few hours prior at my house. She was fingering her self to an orgasm as she continued to fondle and lick my ball. My dick was starting to get hard again under ministrations. I remember thinking how lucky I was when the intercom interrupted "Sir where entering the airport. You'll be at your gate shortly"

I push my new love toy from my cock, as I needed to get dressed. I will never forget the look she had in her eyes, it was pure lust! I knew then I would do what ever it took to keep her. I handed her a check for $250.00 made out to Progress Energy and ten $20.00 dollar bills. "I want you to come pick me up at the airport" 

"How? When?" she asked

"I'll have the Limo pick you up. Just dress in your sexiest outfit and be ready to be fucked!" is all I said. 

The Limo stopped and the trunk popped opened and just a moment later the door open "We're here sir" the driver said as he held the door open for me. Getting out I asked him if it was possible for him to be the driver to pick me up next week and to make sure the young lady made it home safely. After he agreed I had him five twenty's and thanked him for his discretion. I stopped to look at my new little love slave and handed her another hundred before saying, "make sure you come to pick me up you still owe 8 more hours" 

She jump out of the Limo right there in front of the gate still buck ass naked and kissed me deeply saying "I will I promise"


