Anatomy class
by Dr Kate

At medical school the was a shortage of bodies donated for dissection so our anatomy lecturer decided to use live models for demonstration purposes.  

The week arrived for the female pelvis. We had all enjoyed the male pelvis. Jim had volunteered fairly eagerly to show his dick off to the whole class and by the end of the session we all knew his body intimately and were all amazed when he jerked off in the name of science.  

And so it was the girls' turn. Surprisingly there were no volunteers at all and so to be fair a ballot was constructed. All the girls' names were placed into a hat and Jim had the honour of picking the lucky winner. I nearly died when I heard him say Kate. My heart stopped beating and everything went quiet. Surely he didn't call my name. Then everyone turned to me so there was no doubt and started cheering me on. I had to be dragged out to the front of the class as my legs wouldn't work. Dr Butler greeted me with a beaming smile, obviously pleased with the outcome.  

He asked me to remove my clothing but my fingers wouldn't work either. So he said he would help. He unbuttoned and removed my white coat and with it went my authority and prestige. He quickly continued, not wanting to waste any time and unbuttoned my smart blouse, pulling it open to reveal my plain white cotton padded bra and all my insecurities. I couldn't believe he was showing all my friends and colleagues that I needed padding. The audience was sat in complete silence as my naked flesh was revealed piece by piece for their education and pleasure. He removed the blouse and unzipped the skirt. Nice and slowly he inched it down over my hips as more of my panties came into view. It felt like an eternity but I'm sure it was only a few seconds before they were at my knees and then quickly off along with my high-heeled shoes.  

Now I stood there, bright red with embarrassment in only my underwear in front of everyone I knew. Stripped by my lecturer! Surely this was a dream and not a very nice one. I snapped out of my trance when my bra was unclasped. I tried to protest but knew it was futile and I couldn't muster the strength. I was going to be naked and there wasn't anything I could do about it. Carefully my bra was peeled off and my tiny tits were exposed to the general public. Gasps went up from the crowd and there was much whispering among them at how small my breasts were. No matter how much I tried to kid myself there was no doubt that my chest was flat. Just 2 puffy sensitive nipples on a very flat chest. Even when I ran there was no movement. And there was no excuse for wearing a bra except to modestly hide my nipples, certainly not for any sort of support.  

Now everyone knew. No one would look at me the same and I could not look at anyone the same. I would see it in their eyes. They knew.  

My bra was discarded with my other clothes but Dr Butler continued his naked quest and the audience was hushed again, waiting for the final chapter. He stood behind me and crouched down and slowly started to pull down my panties. Tears rolled down my cheeks and onto my left nipple. My pussy was slowly exposed to all those hungry eyes. I was thankful for the neatly trimmed light covering of fair hair that could give me a last tiny piece of modesty in this nightmare. I looked down, following everyone's eyes to see my naked pussy. A took a little gasp as I could clearly see my pussy lips so that meant that they could as well. Nothing was sacred any more. I was naked, exposed and humiliated in front of everyone.  

My panties were removed and my clothes discarded far away from me. I was a naked island. Dr Butler then broke the silence by drawing attention to my breasts, or lack of them. He described my puffy nipples in detail for the record and their erectness. To my horror, he then demonstrated to these medical students how to examine the breast. I couldn't believe my lecturer was touching my breast in front of all my friends. He commented that as Jim had such a toned torso, he clearly had bigger breasts than I did. I wasn't sure I could be any more embarrassed.  

It wasn't over though as after completing the examination, he invited others from the audience to examine my breasts. Both at once. Everyone was intrigued at my lack of breasts but enjoyed my sensitive nipples none the less.  

Moving along, Dr Butler ushered my towards the examination chair and my heart sank when I saw it. He put my legs into the stirrups and my pussy was now on show to the crowd. He carefully shaved my pubic hair off completely so to give an unobstructed view to the audience. I couldn't believe it. What was he doing? He couldn't do that. I'd always thought that my neat little bush was a marker of my womanhood. A sign of my journey through puberty. Now it was gone. Now to all those eyes I would look like a little girl. Maybe twelve years old at most, certainly not old enough to be a doctor. With his razor he took my womanhood away. I was very clearly a little girl again.  

My bare pussy was now demonstrated to the audience for their education. He pointed out the mons and the labia majora and labia minora. My lips were wide open and the once secret pink folds of my pussy were made public. He drew attention to the obvious glistening wetness of my bare pussy leaving no doubt that this experience had unwillingly been giving me pleasure. Finally, he focussed on my clitoris. Surely this had once been the most secret part of my body. It hadn't been seen by anyone before, not even me like this and only a couple of people had ever touched it. Not any more. Now everyone knew it. Dr Butler flicked it gently as it grew before everyone's eyes. The whole room was staring at my clit. I squirmed in the chair as my excitement grew and they all saw how horny I'd become. Dr Butler expertly demonstrated to the audience how to stimulate the clitoris. The feeling deep within my pussy was unmistakable and could no longer be ignored. I refused to cum in front of everyone though. I was not that sort of girl. That's what I kept telling myself as he kept on and on at my clit. On and on. My back was arching and my breathing rapid. Moans escaped from my mouth but I was powerless to stop this. Powerless to stop all these people from seeing me cum. My friends that I see every day. Guys that have asked me out only to be brushed aside. Now everyone would see. Everyone would share my most intimate moment. Finally I came with such a scream, juices flowing onto the chair and I collapsed. After a moment of stunned silence, cheering and applause arose from the audience but I could see that it had all been filmed on a huge number of camera phones.  

Dr Butler thanked me for my help with the demonstration as he unshackled me from the chair. How could I carry on though? They'd all seen my tiny tits, they'd seen me publically shaved and examined my bare pussy. They knew I had the body of a little girl. They'd all seen my clit and they'd all seen me masturbated in public. Nightmare. 