Drastic Measures 

"Hey, Sae, you about ready or what--oh. Guess not, huh?"

Saeki looked up to see Yuuta leaning in the doorway, a peculiar expression on his face. "Yeah, give me a minute to finish getting changed, geez," he said, momentarily distracted from undressing.

"Sorry, take your time."

"This from Mr. Impatience? You feeling all right there, Yuuta?" he joked, undoing his hakama and wriggling out of them.

"Hm?" And now Yuuta was the one who sounded distracted.

Saeki frowned, looking at him. "Hey. You okay?" He did look a little more flushed than normal.

"Couldn't be better," Yuuta said, slow and thoughtful, and the expression on his face when he looked at Saeki was... odd.

"Uh-huh." He set about folding the hakama, fingers so used to the precise movements that they worked without his needing to supervise them, and that let him keep an eye on Yuuta at the same time. As a consequence of that, he saw Yuuta push away from the doorframe as he set the folded hakama aside, and started to shrug out of his uwagi, and he was watching when Yuuta pulled the door shut behind him, and prowled closer.

Prowled? his mind asked, puzzled. Yuuta?

No, it was definitely a prowl, Saeki decided, even if that was a weird word to be applying to Yuuta--not that he hadn't gotten used to applying some weird concepts to Yuuta lately, like graceful, and tempting, and... hot--and what was more, it was a prowl right into his personal space. "Uh, Yuuta--Hey, now!" Saeki could only stare as Yuuta reached out and trailed a hand down his chest. "Holy shit, Yuuta, what the hell?"

Yuuta slanted a look at him, eyes turned smoky and dark. "What?" he asked, and grinned when Saeki yelped as he stroked his hand under the cloth in what could only be classified as a caress.

Saeki backed up, hurriedly, until his back met the wall--and wasn't that a great move, cutting off his retreat like that? "Um. Yuuta. Um. Seriously. What the hell?"

"Maybe I got tired of waiting," Yuuta purred--purred? Yuuta? Holy fuck, the world had gone of its meds, hadn't it? Gone right off its meds without so much as notifying him first.

"Tired of waiting? Um, what for?" Saeki edged along the wall, while Yuuta paced him and closed the distance.

"You," Yuuta said, nodding while his eyes laughed. "But you didn't seem to want to get a clue..."

"A clue--Yuuta!" Crap, this was no place to be, not backed into a corner with Yuuta pressed up against him. Great strategic thinking there, Koujirou.

Yuuta's eyes glinted. "You think I've been spending as much time as I have lounging in boxers for my health, Sae?"

"Er--" Yuuta's fingers were hot, trailing over his throat. Saeki swallowed, hard. "Yuuta--"

"Mm?"

Holy shit, Yuuta's mouth was even hotter than his fingers had been. Saeki sternly ordered his bones not to turn to water. "I, uh, didn't notice--"

Yuuta's laughter brushed warm against his chest. "Didn't notice? Yeah, right. I caught you staring, dork."

Crap. "Um... I didn't mean to?" And really he hadn't, because it was Yuuta and that just wasn't cool.

Except that apparently it was cool, and holy shit! Saeki moaned, and didn't even care that his head had thumped back against the wall as Yuuta's hand slid down, over his stomach, and closed over his cock, stroking him through the thin cloth of his underwear.

"Didn't mean to, huh?" Yuuta's voice was husky in his ear. "You sure about that?"

He rocked forward into that firm touch, gasping. "Fuck, Yuuta!" Somewhere along the line, he had completely lost control of this situation. Then again, maybe he'd never had it to begin with.

Yuuta laughed again, edged with mischief. "Sure, if you want." He pulled back, and Saeki got a good look at his grin, and his eyes, which were hot and maybe just a little uncertain. "Do you want...?"

There was only one answer to that question. "Hell yes," Saeki breathed, coiling a hand around the back of Yuuta's neck and dragging him in for a kiss--oh, shit, where had Yuuta learned to kiss? His mouth was open, and wet, and absolutely perfect; a distant part of Saeki's mind noted that it was just as well that Yuuta'd backed him into this corner, because the wall and Yuuta were the only things holding him up.

"Yuuta..." he sighed against Yuuta's lips when Yuuta broke the kiss, and then, "What...?" as Yuuta's tongue stroked over his throat and down over his chest. And then it was "Oh my God," when his hormone-fogged brain caught up with what Yuuta intended, and he managed a soft "Yuuta!" before Yuuta dragged his underwear down over his hips. He lost the rest of his vocabulary completely as Yuuta's mouth closed over his cock.

Saeki's head hit the wall again, hard enough that it was almost certainly going to ache later, and he didn't care, because holy shit Yuuta's mouth was on his cock, tongue stroking over him slow and steady, and he'd never thought it'd be this good, and with Yuuta... Saeki gave up trying to even pretend to think, and just moaned as sleek pleasure worked over him as he worked his hands through Yuuta's brush of hair, restless, until it crested and spilled him over the edge, and the world dissolved into heat and brightness.

When he came back to himself, Yuuta was leaning against him, chin digging into his shoulder. "Like that?" he asked, not lifting his head.

"Oh, yeah," Saeki breathed, bringing an arm up to wrap around Yuuta. Questions were already presenting themselves to his dazed attention: where had Yuuta learned to--to do that? What had brought this on, anyway?

But he didn't ask them.

Instead he lifted a hand and turned Yuuta's face to his, and kissed him again. "That was a hell of a way to get my attention," he said. But Yuuta just relaxed against him, and wow. He hadn't been sure it would work, and he'd done it anyway.

Saeki was impressed on all counts, and pulled him closer. "Let me get changed, and out of this locker room, and I'll see about returning the favor," he murmured, as Yuuta took the opportunity to nuzzle his neck.

He could feel Yuuta's smile against his skin. "Sounds good to me."