Hermione shook her head sadly and watched her best friend stomp up the stairs to the seventh year dorms. She knew from experience that going after him would be pointless. He'd only yell, punch walls and throw things like he always did lately.

She had hoped Harry's general mood would improve once they were back at Hogwarts. It hadn't. It had only worsened, with his overall attitude becoming more worrying and infuriating by the day.

"I can't believe how rude he said he was to the teachers." She sighed. "To an extent, I can understand his frustration with Professor Snape, but honestly, what has poor Remus Lupin ever done to him?"

Ron shrugged. "I dunno, Hermione. Lately, Harry just seems more and more..."

"... unhinged?"

"Yeah, that's the word, all right. And you know, I've been thinking, maybe he wouldn't be so down in the dumps if he had someone special in his life. I mean, everyone's paired up, aren't they? You and me, Fred and Angelina, Ginny and Zabini, even Neville and Parkinson, and Luna and Goyle... I feel a little sorry for Harry, sometimes. He rid the world of that bastard and now he's all alone. It doesn't seem altogether fair, does it?"

Hermione sighed. "Perhaps I should try to talk to him about dating. But really, I'm not so sure if he's ready for anything like that yet. He's been through so much these past couple of years, and with his aunt and uncle getting killed last summer as well..."

"No great loss there, though."

"All the same, Ronald, they were still his family. Apart from us, he's got no one left and ever since you and I got together, he probably feels like the third wheel, too."

Ron sighed. "So, what can we do to help him, love?"

"I wish I knew." She joined him on the sofa. "I suppose, at this stage, just let him know we're still here for him, if he ever wants to talk."

Ron nodded and wrapped an arm around her. "Let's hope that's soon, huh? I really hate seeing him like this."

"Hm," she murmured and rested her head against his chest. "Me, too."

"Here we are," Draco said as they walked through the door. "This is the Heads Common Room. The Head Boy quarters are behind the door on the left. You'll be staying there. The rooms on the right belong to the Head Girl."

"Who's the Head Girl?"

"Her name is Hermione Granger."

"Granger. She's in Slytherin as well?"

"Hardly." He smirked. "She's a Gryffindor and a Mud—I mean, Muggleborn to boot. She spends most of her time in Gryffindor Tower, though, with her boyfriend, so you won't see that much of her, with any luck."

Tom laughed. "So, enlighten me, Malfoy, why am I staying with you, anyway? Don't tell me they have no vacant rooms in this whole castle…"

"Security reasons," came the response. "My rooms have the strongest Wards in the building, not counting McGonagall's private chambers."

Tom grinned wryly at the mention of Minerva's name and asked, "And why exactly do you need such strong Wards, Malfoy?"

"Some people are still looking for me."

"Oh." Tom raised an eyebrow. "What sort of people?"

"Dangerous ones with malicious intentions," Draco snapped. He wasn't supposed to be talking about this and he had no intention of doing so, either, least of all with him.

Tom wasn't to be deterred, however. "Ah. So I gather this has something to do with that war everyone's been hinting at since I first arrived, the same one nobody will tell me a damned thing about when I ask?"

Draco nodded slowly.

"And I suppose the fact that I'll be staying here, behind your high security Wards, implies that I'm in danger, too?"

"Not at the moment, no." Draco hesitated. "But you might be, eventually, once they find out you're ba—I mean, when they learn that you're here at Hogwarts."

"I see. In that case, could you at least tell me who 'they' are, or what's so special about me that they'd want to harm me in the first place?" The words almost sounded like a plea. "I mean, I've scarcely arrived and already I have enemies?"

Draco ran a hand through his hair, not realising how badly his fingers were trembling. He wondered if he hadn't said too much already. This whole situation was terribly difficult, as well as horribly confusing. The boy currently standing in front of him was nothing like the monster Draco had known, the vile creature—he hesitated to call him a man—who had threatened him, tortured him, hexed him within an inch of his life; the one who, on those dark and desolate nights...

Draco shuddered and willed himself not to finish that thought. The point was that this Tom was polite and seemed friendly enough, be it fairly rattled, too, but then again, who wouldn't be at a time like this?

"Look," Draco said. He sat down on one of the antique arm chairs and gestured to his guest to do the same. "If I could tell you the truth, Riddle, I would, but I can't. I shouldn't. You're from the past and I don't want to jeopardise your chances of getting back safely." He sighed. "How about we just try to make the best of our current situation and not complicate things? With any luck, you'll be able to return to your own time soon and then we can both get on with our lives."

Tom frowned. An awkward silence filled the room, until he finally said, "Very well, Malfoy. Under one condition..."

"And what would that be?"

"The minute you find out I'm in real danger, you will let me know what I'm up against, so I can be prepared."

Draco nodded slowly. "All right. Fair enough."

"Good," Tom said and held out his hand.

Draco's eyes widened in surprise. For the briefest of moments, he was reminded of another dark haired boy with intense green eyes, one who, back in first year, had all but spat in his face at his offer of friendship.

But Draco knew very well that this wasn't Harry Potter. This was Tom Riddle, who was just as much an outcast as Draco was at the moment, and Draco supposed the two of them might as well be on good terms.

For one thing, that would make sharing a room so much easier and it would also mean he'd have someone intelligent to talk to. Barely anyone talked to him anymore, aside from Myrtle, and she didn't exactly count, did she?

Astonished grey eyes met sincere green. Draco smiled. He took the offered hand and shook it.