This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. 

=========================================================

Ive a habit of reading some of the more obscure ads on web sites, when one caught my attention.  

Long married couple, needs some help with Mrs. because of medical problems.  Call - - - - - - - 

First I was amazed that anyone would list a phone number, but even more surprised that when I dialed it a man answered.  Im calling about your ad, I said.  Yes, he said, but want to tell you up front that were older, so a lot of men arent interested in someone whos not young and attractive.

Ill be the judge of that, I said then asked, what was the story.  In a nutshell the husband had a medical condition and his wife was horny, nothing more, nothing less.  She truly a willing participant, I asked?   Yes, said the husband, and we do realize that were not the dolls, Ken and Barbie, and well she might have to go the extra mile, but yes yes we are interested, that is if you are.

Has the Mrs ever been. . .  You mean with someone else, he asked?  Yes, I said.  No and weve discussed it, and were okay with it, he said.   And is your wife looking for anything special, I asked?   No, nothing other than, you know, just someone to . . .  Fuck her, I said.   Yes, I suppose so, he said.

The lady able to confirm this for herself, I asked?  Yes, would you like to speak with her, he asked?  Please, I said.  A few seconds later a soft voice said hello in my ear.  Hello, I said, I understand that you are interested in some private activities, is that correct.  Yes, it is, the lady said.  We just cant go to bars, and, well would be quite nervous about approaching someone directly.  

Do you want me to come to your place, you to mine or what, I asked.  Probably if we were all anonymous and discreet would be best said the voice.  Then perhaps a decent room someplace, I said.  Yes, that would work well, she replied.

Anytime, I asked?    Yes, she said.  Ill tell you what, I said, Ill go check in and call you back, how will that be?   Wonderful, she said then asked, do you want and her voice trailed off.  Do I want what, I asked?   In some stories Ive read, sometimes the men like for the lady to dress up.  Oh, I understand, I said.  Whatever you have in the closet will be just fine, I said, just dont embrass yourself out in public.   Very well, a few hours then, she said.  Yes, Ill call, and said goodbye hanging up the phone.

I wasnt too sure about this, but what the hell, why not I thought.  So I cleaned up, and drove to a local Marriott Hotel where I check in to a nice room on the 11th floor.  The room had a large king size bed, sofa, writing desk and a few side chairs.  There wasnt another building this tall in site, so with the drapes open the room exploded with light.

Looking at my watch, I picked up the phone and once again dialed the number.  The man answered and I told him that I was calling back as promised.  He said okay and that they were ready to go.  Room 1123 at the Marriott Hotel, do you know where it is, I asked?  Yes, we should be there in about 30 minutes.  Good, looking forward to meeting you both.

The time passed and no one came to the door.  I was just about ready to give up when there was a knock on the door.  I opened the door and was immediately greeted with an extended hand.  Hi, Im Stan, he said, and this is Martha.  Sorry, but there was an accident and traffic was backed up, he said.

No problem, please, I said, waving them into the room.  Stan went first and Martha followed behind as I held the door for them both.  They glanced around the room once or twice and then took seats on the sofa.  

Stan was somewhat balding, probably about 510 or 11, somewhat of a stomach showing and clean shaven.  Martha was somewhat shorter, probably about 5 3 or 4 had nicely coffured white hair, a smile built into her face and a little matronly body.  

So, youve some problems, I said to Stan.  Yes, afraid so, and Martha here is suffering as a result of it.  Sorry to hear that I said, but I expect that can be changed, that is, if you want it to be, I said.

I think Id like that, said Martha.  And whats this going to cost, asked Stan?  Cost, I questioned, I dont understand, what do you mean?   Lets be perfectly honest, said Stan, were not kids, and, not being or trying to be disrespectful or anything, but Martha isnt a teen anymore, so you may not want to, you know, spend any time- - -and his voice trailed off.

Well, maybe Martha wouldnt like to spend any time with me, I said.  Did you ever think of that, I asked?  Stan looked at Martha and asked, you want to stay or go?   I think Id like to stay, that is if you want me to, she said looking directly at me.

Then its settled, I said.  What about, began Stan.  I cut in, and said, tell you what Stan dont worry about it.   All I ask of Martha is that she listen to me and do as I ask, and that you Stan stay out of it.  Matter of fact, if youd like to excuse yourself and check back later on, Martha and I can get to know one another.
Please, said Martha, Id like Stan to stay.  Okay, I said, but only on condition that he remains a fly on the wall.  No talking, comments, looks, nothing, I said looking towards him.  Fine, I agree, he said, now what do you want me to do?

I moved to one of the chairs and picked it up and moved it into the corner, almost behind the floor lamp.   Sit here, I commanded him.  Stan moved to the chair and I focused on Martha.

So tell me, I began, when was the last time you were fucked?  Martha was a little shocked by my choice of words, but replied, about 6 years.  Always been faithful?  Yes, she said.  And, now your just horny, so. . .would you like to fuck me, I asked?   Yes, very much so, she said.

Thats a pretty dress you have on, I said, but lets see what you have on underneath it, I said.  Martha stood and unfastened the belt on the dress, then turned and invited me to unzip her.  As I did so, she said that she hoped that she wouldnt disappoint me.

Stepping out of the dress, she tossed it aside spreading her arms to show off some in her bra and panties.  I stepped over to her and covered her tits with my hands as I squeezed each tit.  Like that, I asked?  Yes, please take off my bra, she said.  

I reached behind her and fumbled for a few seconds with the hooks, then stepped away pulling the bra with me.  As her tits tumbled free from the cups I was awe struck by the size of her nipples.  Their redish brown coloring lightened as they faded away many inches back.  I lifted one to my lips and began sucking and nibbling as Martha began moaning and begging me to fuck her.

You like your tits sucked, I asked?  Yes, please dont stop, she said.  Take off your panties, I said, continuing to fondle her.  Martha shoved her panties down over her hips and giggled her way out of them.  Anyone else see your pussy besides Stan, I asked?  No, no not really she said, then jumped with a loud OMG as I pinched first her left, then right nipple.  Please she moaned.

In time, I said.  First things first, I said.  Show me your pussy.  Im not sure, she began.  Oh, go ahead, have a seat and well open your legs to see what Stan was enjoying, I said.  

Martha glanced around and sat down.  I immediately moved and spread her legs telling her to scoot forward on the seat.  There you go, I said, kneeling in front of her and looking straight into her gaping wet hole.  I reached up with one hand and grabbed a tit, pinching and pulling on it and at the same time moved the fingers of my other over the swollen lips of her pussy.   I then sank a finger into her, moving it around and causing Martha to almost fall off the chair as she moved about.  

Yes yes, or please fuck me, she begged, its been so long, I cant stand it any longer.  I slipped a 2nd finger into her and began rubbing my thumb on her clit.  She squirmed and squealed with delight, asking over and over again to be fucked.  

Suck my cock, I said, or dont you do that, I asked?   Please fuck me, she replied, ignoring my request.  I looked towards Stan and asked, the Mrs. suck cock or not?  Stan shook his head no.

Martha, I said, listen carefully.  Youve a decision to make right here and now.  Are you listening, I asked, and I became more forceful with my thumb on her clit and wiggled my fingers independently every which way inside her pussy.  Yes, she whispered.

Youre either going to right now give me a blow job, or Im going to finger fuck you and then Im going to have anal sex with you.   No, she said, please dont, but I was extracting my fingers from her pussy and now pushed against her rosebud causing her to jump and a degree of discomfort.

Please, just let me feel you inside me.  Martha, I said, if that is all you want, then Im going to stop for a few minutes and call a lady friend and invite her over so she can lick your pussy and suck on your tits for me.   No, no, please dont, she said, Stan please.

Hes in charge, said Stan from the back of the room, much to the disappointment of Martha.   Whats it going to be Martha?  Ill gag, she said.  No you wont, I said, then pushed her to her knees and brought her face directly in front of my hard on.  Go ahead, I said, do what you think is right.

Martha, moved and grasped my cock, then lowered her head so that her mouth was lined up and flicked her tongue over the head of my cock.  Keep going, I said.  Martha moved my cock and her head a bit to the side and then began to lick and kiss my shaft.  Thats good, I said, now wrap your lips around me.  She moaned slightly and then seemingly had mother nature take over as her head was bobbing up and down like a cork on the water as she sucked my cock.

Like that, I asked?   Hmmmm was her reply as she continued to perform for a minute before I stopped her and moved to the floor, then guided her into a 69 position above me.  It wasnt long before I was pulling on her hanging tits and licking and frenching her pussy.   Ready for the real thing, I asked.   Yes, yes please, she begged.  

I pushed her off of me, and then took a seat on a straight back chair.  I then turned Martha away from me and back towards me.  As she spread her legs to straddle me, I aimed my cock towards her pussy and she lowered down onto me.  Shortly she was bouncing on my lap as I held onto her hips and tits.  

OMG she shouted, it feels so good.its been so long...dont stop, please dont stop.  Talk to Stan, I loudly whispered.  Yes, yes, thank you Stan, I love you.OMG, Yesssss she squealed as she started to cum and I also emptied my load into her pussy.
After a few long seconds, Martha stood to separate from me.  I grabbed her wrist pulling her down once again in front of me and saying, Martha clean me up.   This time she didnt need and explanation and there was no discussion as she grabbed my semi-erect cock and began to lick it clean.  That a good slut, I said, thank you.

Can I go to the bathroom, Martha asked?  For what, I asked?  I need to pee, she said.  Sure, I said, but leave the door open.  Somewhat shocked, Martha went into the bath and in a minute I could hear the sound of liquid hitting liquid, so I went into the bathroom and watched as Martha wiped herself, then got up and approached the doorway.

I stopped her and moved her hand to my limp cock saying this is for you.  As she wrapped her fingers around me, I grabbed one of her nipples and held on tight as I pulled up lifting her tit and causing her to moan as she tightened her grip on my cock.

Come on, I said, leading her back to the bed where I pushed her down and spread open her legs.  Now, slowly, I lowered myself to between her legs and began to tease her pussy with my fingers on the inside of her thighs and gently passing over her somewhat swollen lips, then beginning to toy with her rosebud, I asked, so did you have fun?

Yes, thank you, she said squirming just a bit.  Want to have more, I asked.  Yes, she replied.  Think youre ready to really let loose, I asked?  Yes, ohhhhhhhh, OMG, yes yes, please she called out as I drove my finger into her and rubbed my thumb over her clit before withdrawing my hands from her.

No no, dont stop, please, dont do this to me, I need your cock, please she cried as she reached to grab me.  Okay, I said, but then well have to talk, I said.  But by then Marthas lips were wrapped around my cock and she was looking up at me as she licked and sucked until finally I emptied my balls into her waiting mouth where she swallowed and licked her lips as if begging for more.

Turning then to Stan who was wide eyed in the corner, I asked if he was doing okay.  Yes, certainly, he sort of blurted out as he sat wide eyed watching his wife who was not busy enjoying herself.

Stan, I asked, you want to continue this?  Continue, what do you mean, now?  No, not now, but another time with more activity, I said.  Yes, yes, it was very exciting, he said.  

I then walked to the bed, where Martha was just finishing getting herself off, and sat along side her and began to feel her tits.  Martha, I said, Stan wants you to do more, you want to, I asked.  You mean, she began.

I mean, I said, that the next time we get together youll have to do more, but youll have more fun, I said, then leaned over and sucked her nipple between my lips.  Martha jumped as if an electric charge hit her, then arched her back saying yes, Ill do whatever you want.  You promise, I asked.  Yes, she said.  Even fuck a snake, I asked.  Dont know if I can do that, but if you want me to, Ill try, she said reaching for my cock.
Want to kiss your new friend good-bye for now, I asked.  Martha leaned into me and once again was busy with my cock in her mouth.  Then it was time to go, so I watched as Martha began to dress and straighten herself.

Dressed, she once again looked very much the lady at the local grocery, or walking in the mall.  Attractive, mature, respectful.

A few days later I called and Martha answered the phone.  Hi, ready to have some fun, I asked.  Oh yes, she immediately answered, Ive been hoping youd be calling.   Ive got years to make up for.

Then how about tomorrow, lets say 2, will that be okay, I asked.  Yes, thats great, she said.  And Martha, I added, I want you to wear a skirt and blouse along with some pretty lingerie, okay.  Black bra, she asked.  Sure black will be great, oh and stockings and heels, okay.  Sure, she said then asked, anything else.   Yes, remember your promise to me, I asked?   Yes, I do.   Good, then remember it tomorrow and do as I tell you, I said, then immediately hung up the phone.

The next day, I checked in early, called and spoke to Stan giving him my room number then proceeded to prepare for Martha.

About 10 of 2 after a knock, I opened the door and Martha and Stan came into the room.  Instantly Martha froze in her tracks.  Whos this, she asked, pointing to Jeff seated on the sofa.  

I motioned Stan to the side where he took a seat and said, Martha this is Jeff.  Then continued by saying, Jeff is 19yrs old and a freshman in a nearby college.  Hi, said Jeff.  So, I continued, I met Jeff a while back and he mentioned that he was more excited by older ladies, but well, lets say not taken seriously.  So, I asked Jeff to join us this one time, and know that you want to keep your promise. . . As my voice trailed off.

Martha looked around towards Stan and I too turned towards him.  You promised he said.  

With that, I moved alongside Martha and guided her further into the center of the room.  I then said, Jeffs been limited to, well back seats of cars, so to begin with, I want him to have the pleasure of seeing you undress.

I stepped away from Martha, leaving her to face Jeff by herself.  Jeff, she said, Im flattered, but I think Im a bit old for you, and well youll be very disappointed, she said.  No, I think youre very pretty and sexy, he said.   Thank you, she whispered.

Open your blouse, said Jeff.  Martha looked towards me and I nodded my head, so she looked down and watch her fingers unbutton her blouse and begin the reveal of her black bra.  This okay, she asked?

Dont stop, said Jeff.  So Martha pulled the blouse from her skirt then slipped it from her shoulders to fully reveal her bra.  Wow, said Jeff as he stared at her standing in front of him.  You sure you guys are okay with this, he asked no one in particular.  

Jeff, I said, Stan hasnt been able to fuck Martha for a long time so there are no problems as he wants to be sure that Martha is well taken care of.  Also, since Martha isnt a giggling school girl, but still not all that use to being with someone other than Stan, I want to be certain that shes going to take the time to show you around before you do anything with her.  Isnt that right, I asked Martha?

Yes, yes said Martha, adding, Jeff Im so glad you think Im still attractive, now Im going to take off my skirt, but I hope I dont disappoint you as my tummy isnt as flat as your girlfriends probably is...you do have a girlfriend, dont you, asked Martha.   

Jeff nodded yes to Marthas question as she unfastened the waistband on the skirt.   Jeff sat and watched carefully noting the zipper being pulled down and then as Martha pushed the skirt down over her hips allowing it to fall to the floor around her feet revealing her thigh high panties along with her garter belt and stockings.

Is this how you pictured me, asked Martha, as she stood before Jeff.  Yes, yes, he said, youre very pretty.  Thank you, Martha whispered as she just stood before him.

Martha, I said, take off your bra.  She glanced at me, then with a degree of caution reached behind her and unfastened the bra, then peeled it off and immediately covered her tits with her arms and hands.

Oh come on Martha, I said, you want Jeff to see your big tits so hell get real hard, dont you.  Jeff, show her what youve got, I said.  

Jeff immediately shoved his jeans and briefs down as his cock sprang free and danced in front of Martha.  Marthas eyes went wide, as Jeff was more than well endowed.  Want that, I asked?   







 



