The Runaway Girl
by Vanessa Evans

Part 09

Water Park

Another day, they decided to go to the water park that wasn’t too far away. Rachel wanted to go naked but Tom thought that that might be a problem so he painted a bikini on her. He did it the night before after they returned from the bar early. Tom took his time and Rachel looked good in a full bikini bottoms and a top. Okay the top only just covered her tits and the bottoms covered all of her butt, but the important thing was that the whole of her pussy wasn’t painted at all.

The paint job survived their love making both that night and in the morning although it surprised the woman in the shop when Rachel went in wearing a dress, Tom having told her not to let anyone see the ‘bikini’.


Tom had got a phone number for a taxi firm from reception and one was waiting for them when they went out of the main gate and the driver wasn’t sure what he had seen when Rachel climbed in the back leaving the front for Tom. As usual, Rachel sat in the middle in of the seat in the back with her knees spread wide and it wasn’t long before Rachel’s dress came off and was passed to Tom to put in the backpack.

The driver was even more confused because the girl on the back seat appeared to be wearing a bikini but he was sure that he could see a slit and a clit in his mirror.

If he was observant enough he would have been able to see that it wasn’t a normal bikini that Rachel was wearing when her and Tom walked away from the taxi.

There was a bit of a queue but Rachel was stood in front of Tom so she couldn’t be seen in any detail by anyone. The girl in the ticket office only gave Rachel a cursory glance as she issued the tickets and they were in.

They found the locker room and soon they were heading for the first slide. Tom was and wasn’t pleased that everyone around them seemed more interested in their own day there rather than in the young teenage girl who at first glance appeared to be wearing a blue bikini with a white floral pattern on it. 


Going up the stairs to the first slide was the first real time that people behind them had the chance to stare at the bikini and wonder or even know that it was painted on and, like the sixth sense that young women appear to have, Rachel could feel an older teenage boy staring at her butt and causing her to tingle a bit. She didn’t turn round to look at him but Tom did and he later told Rachel that the boy looked as if he had realised that it was only paint covering Rachel’s butt and that he could see her pussy between her slightly spread legs.

That was confirmed when they went up a couple of steps and the boy didn’t. Tom saw that Rachel had spread her feet a bit and that the boy would be able to see more of her pussy.

At the top of the slide there was a young man controlling when people got on the slide but he paid little attention to her.


It was a similar story on each of the slides but not quite the same when it came to going down on large rubber rings. The rider had to lay on the tube and wait for the attendant to push start the tube. These actions meant that the attendant, young man or girl, had to get close to the rider’s front and they had to spread their legs a bit make them more stable.

Both a young man and a girl did a double take when they saw Rachel’s pussy but nothing was said.

The lazy river type ride was the best from Rachel’s point because the riders had to lay back on the rubber rings and of course Rachel did it with her feet well apart. As the rings slowly made their way along the river they bumped into lots of other rings and the riders always looked at the people in the ring who had just bumped into them.

I said people not person because there were single and double rings where the front rider sat between the legs of the rear rider. Rachel enjoyed laying back on Tom’s chest, especially when he reached over Rachel’s shoulder and tweaked one of her nipples, an act that was witnessed by a few people.


Getting drinks and snacks was ‘interesting’ because Rachel wanted to go and buy them leaving the safety of being with Tom, but he watched as she queued then got served. Tom couldn’t understand why so many people appeared to be so unobservant and not realise that there was something different about Rachel’s bikini.


On the way back to the campsite both Rachel and Tom nearly forgot for Rachel to put her dress on when they got out of the taxi and it was only when Rachel asked Tom if there was any water left in the backpack and Tom went to get it that he remembered and quickly told Rachel to put the dress on.   

Rachel had a shower in the motorhome using the special soap just as soon as they got there then spread herself on the bed and waited for Tom to use her body.

*****
 
The Outdoor Market at La Cala de Mijas

Both when they were going to the Water Park by taxi, and when they went to Fuengirola by bus they passed close to what looked like an outdoor market. Tom enquired at the campsite reception and confirmed what he had seen. Whilst he was there he also extended their stay there for another two weeks because Rachel was having so much fun.

Anyway, the next day that the market was being held Rachel put on one of her ultra short dresses and they went down to the bus stop to go there by bus. Rachel having discovered the fun to be had sitting lazily on a bus seat with people passing by as they got on and off.

From where the bus stopped Tom realised that the market couldn’t be far away so they set off and less than five minutes later they were entering the market.

One of the first stalls that they saw was selling T-shirt and the likes, and Rachel saw that they sold vests like men wear but with bright patterns and scenes printed on the front. She looked through a couple of piles of them and pulled out a couple of them. Looking at the stall holder she asked if she could try them on.

“We have nowhere private.” The man replied.

“That’s okay.” Rachel replied and within seconds Rachel had her dress off and was putting one of the vests on having given the stall holder and all the people around a quick look at her naked body.

Tom could see that the vest was way too big for her but he could also see the reason why she chose it. The arm holes went down nearly to her waist, the front was so narrow that it only just covered her tits, it was very baggy and it was long enough to just cover her butt. He knew that it would take very little movement for her tits to escape and if she bent over ever so slightly anyone close to her front would be able to see down inside the vest right down to the ground.

“That will do.” Rachel said and within seconds she was naked again.

Rachel tried a second vest on and confirmed that it was the same size and also confirmed what would happen if she turned her body. With one tit on display she started looking through the pile of similar garments and pulled out a third one and tried that on as well.

Taking the third one off and standing there in front of the stall with lots of people milling around, Rachel asked Tom which one he preferred. 

“Remind me.” Tom said trying to extend the time that Rachel was naked and on display.

Rachel held each one of the three up in front of her in turn and said to Tom,

“Well which one?”  

“Not sure.”

Rachel turned to the stall holder and said,

“Which one suits me best?”

She then went through holding them in front of her one at a time, slowly going from one to the next.”

“They all make you look amazing Señorita.”

Putting all three down Rachel turned to Tom and asked,

“You decide Tom.”

Tom pondered for a few second then told the stall holder that they’d take all three. Rachel passed them to the stall holder and remained naked. Tom paid the man and took the bag with the three vests in and put it in his backpack along with Rachel’s dress.

As they walked further into the market Rachel asked Tom is she could stay like that (naked).

“Until someone complains, yes.”
 
Rachel took Tom’s hand and skipped along.


They wandered along the rows of stalls, occasionally stopping and looking closer at some things and occasionally noticing someone stopping to stare at Rachel. Of course being the only one naked in a crowd of people was really getting Rachel aroused.

“Can you take me somewhere and fuck me please Tom?” Rachel asked Tom on two separate occasions, but they were out on a big open area with nowhere to go for a little privacy.

“Sorry princess but if we fucked here I would get arrested.”


They must have spent a good two hours wandering around the market with hardly anyone taking any notice of Rachel’s nudity and Tom was more convinced that it was because she looked like a little girl. He was pleased that they had removed what little pubic hair she had, that her hair was in pigtails and that in general she looked younger than her actual age. 

When they got to where they entered the market they decided to head back to the campsite. Tom opened his backpack for Rachel to get her dress out but instead she got one of the vests out and put that on. Tom smiled and wondered how long it would be before one or both of her tits escaped from behind the fabric and how long Rachel would leave it or them exposed.

That question was answered less than ten minutes later when they approached the bus stop and saw a bus driving away. 

“Okay,” Tom said, “I guess that it’s cold drink time, I think I saw a cafe just round that corner when we got here.”

They walked towards where Tom had seen the cafe and as Rachel looked around, low and behold, one of her tits escaped. Tom saw it and asked Rachel if she realised.

“I felt the sun on my nipple but I didn’t care.”

Tom smiled and they kept walking.


Sat at a table outside the cafe, Rachel in her usual way, the waiter gave no indication that he had seen Rachel’s tit or slit and they had a pleasant and relaxing thirty or so minutes before heading back to the bus stop.

When the bus finally arrived it wasn’t very full so Tom took the opportunity to play with Rachel’s clit as she closed her eyes and enjoyed the attention. 

Fortunately someone else was getting off the bus at their stop, Tom only recognising where they were when he saw the signs for the petrol station.


They both went straight into the motorhome when they got there and relieved the frustration of the last few hours.

*****

Cycle Hire

On one of their walks, Tom and Rachel had discovered a cycle hire shop and Tom thought that it might be fun to hire bikes and ride out into the countryside. Rachel asked if they could hire them for a few days but Tom squashed that idea saying that if she rode a bike around the campsite people would realise that she was sitting on a hard saddle and she couldn’t because of her ‘problem’. 

Tom told her that if they enjoyed their first day they would wait a few days then do it again. He reminded her that after the first day she would probably have a sore butt anyway.

So, on the designated day, after breakfast, Tom covered Rachel with sunscreen, including the obligatory orgasm, got her to put a dress on, and off the went to walk to the cycle shop ten minutes away,
      
At the shop Tom sorted out the hire then the young man let Tom pick the bikes that they wanted. Selecting his was easy but Rachel wanted a boys bike (Tom easily guessed why) and she also wanted one that was a little too big for her and that had a racing saddle. 

She probably showed her pussy to the young man running the shop when she got on three different bikes to see if they were what she wanted. When she stood on the ground and pushed each bike back and forwards between her legs, on one of them Tom could see the wet sheen on the crossbar. She chose that one.

“This one will do thank you.” Rachel said and off the two peddled.

It only took a few metres for Tom to see that Rachel’s butt was sliding about on the narrow, leather saddle. He smiled to himself as he rode behind her until they were away from any buildings, and traffic.

As soon as they were Rachel stopped and slid forward off the saddle, her pussy resting on the crossbar.

“That was nice.” Rachel said as she pulled her dress up and off then handed it to Tom to put in his backpack

“Nothing like the bike that I had to go to school on.”

“You mean that on the school bike you were wearing a thick skirt and probably even thicker knickers.”

“Yes, but at that age I didn’t realise what the funny feelings that I often had were.”


Off they peddled out into the countryside, Tom sometimes going ahead then stopping to video Rachel as she approached him or videoing her butt as she went ahead of him.    

Tom also videoed Rachel as she tried to fuck herself with the pointed front of the saddle. She discovered that the nuts holding it in place weren’t as tight as they should have been when she was pressing her clit down and the front of the saddle went down a bit. This prompted her to stop and pull the front of the saddle back into place but she had an idea and pulled it higher so that the front was almost pointing to the sky, then she climbed on and lowered herself so that the front of the saddle penetrated her. 

Then she set off pedalling but Tom stopped her after a few metres and he put the saddle back to its proper place telling her that when they got back to England he’d get a bike made specially for her that had a dildo that came through the saddle and went up and down as she peddled. Rachel liked that idea.


They stopped a few times throughout their bike ride, sometimes just for a drink, other times to enjoy the scenery, other times to take some photographs, usually with the naked Rachel as the star of the shot, once to sit on some rocks and eat the fruit that Tom had put in his backpack, and a couple of times to fuck on derelict building or by road signs.

There was one time that they cycled through a little village, Rachel being disappointed that no one was out of their houses.


When they got back to the cycle hire shop Rachel was still naked and the young man looked plenty but he said nothing about her nudity. There was one thing that Tom saw, and the young man must have seen it as well, the wet saddle, but all the young man said was,

“Come again, anytime.”

Tom wondered if meant to, or did in fact say,

“Cum again. Anytime.”
 

All the time that they were out cycling around with Rachel naked, and pleasuring herself, they saw quite a few vehicles going along the same roads. None stopped but a couple did beep their horns which Rachel acknowledged by waving at them

*****

Making friends

Quite a few of the mornings Rachel went to the main outdoor pool. Tom went with her the first couple of times but once she got to know some of the other teenagers there he let her go on her own. There were one girl the same age as Rachel that she got the most friendly with. The girl Mandy was staying in one of the cabins with her parents who thought that she was old enough to do what she wanted whilst they were there so she and Rachel started hanging around together after their morning swim. 

That curtailed Rachel’s and Tom’s plans a little but Tom was happy to go along with Rachel’s wishes although it did surprise him a little that Rachel was happy to forgo a day’s fucking in the dunes. Rachel did however convince Mandy that they should go and at least look at the nude beach getting her to swear that she wouldn’t tell her parents which beach they were going to.

The first time that they all went started with the usual morning love making then Rachel going to the shop for fresh bread and croissants for breakfast followed by Rachel’s exercise routine which she had taken to doing in the privacy of the corner beside the motorhome. 

She was just coming to the end of it and standing on one leg with the other one reaching for the sky when Mandy appeared round the front of the motorhome.

“Jeez Rachel, your dad’s there looking at you.” Mandy said.

“That’s okay, he’s seen everything before and he’s coming with us to the nude beach.” Rachel replied as she lowered her leg then raised the other one.

“Are you going to get naked on the beach as well as Rachel?” Mandy asked Tom.

“Would that be a problem for you Mandy?” Tom asked as he looked at the second fourteen year old girl. This one wearing a string bikini over a more average sized body for that age including a pair of tits that looked to be between an ‘A’ and a ‘B’ cup.

“I guess not, I saw my dad’s cock accidentally a couple of days ago.” Mandy replied.

“So are you still going to strip Mandy?” Rachel asked as she lowered her leg.

“I think so but I might chicken out.”

“Well Mandy, no one is going to force you to do anything.” Tom said. “If you want to keep your bikini on or a towel wrapped around yourself all day that’s okay with me.”

Mandy looked a bit nervous so Tom continued,

“Cheer-up Mandy, I’m sure that you’ll have a great day. Have you covered yourself with sunscreen? That job was next on my list for Rachel.”

“Yes thanks, mum did it before they left.”

“Good, Rachel, come here.”

For once Tom didn’t put sunscreen on Rachel’s tits and pussy, nor did he make her cum but Rachel said,

“Dad normally puts sunscreen on my tits and pussy but I guess that he didn’t want to do that with you watching, might give you the wrong idea.”

Tom smiled at Rachel’s little lie.


A few minutes later they set off, Tom with his backpack full of towels and the necessary supplies and Mandy carrying a bag with her things. As they got near the main gate Mandy said,

“Are you going like that Rachel?”

“Yes, why?”

“You’re naked and it’s a public road.”

“And it’s a sort of public campsite Mandy. I haven’t worn anything when I’ve been out here before and a police car passed us one time and it didn’t stop.” 

“Wow, I didn’t think that this country was that liberated.”

“Hey, how old did you think I was when you first saw me?”

“Okay, point taken but even so, I could never walk around out here without any clothes on.”

“That bikini doesn’t exactly cover much does it Mandy?”

“It covers the important bits.”

“Just, three band aids would cover nearly as much as that bikini.” Tom added.

That got little giggles from both girls. 

“You’re so brave Rachel.” Mandy said as they crossed the bridge with all the cars whizzing by underneath them. 

“It’s no big deal, it’s only a body, we’ve all got one.” Rachel replied.

“Yes but.”

They kept walking and soon they were on the narrow road down to the beach.

“So Mandy,” Tom said, “decision time. Turn left and we go to the beach that you’ve probably been to before with your parents, or turn right to the nudist beach. No one will force you to get naked, it’s entirely up to you, but I have to warn you that you will see naked men, including me.”

“You’re going to get naked Tom, with your daughter here?”

“Yes, why not? Ahe gets naked in front of me.”

“What if you get, you know, a boner?”

“Then I get an erection, it’s no big deal, Rachel has seen me with an erection before.”

Tom was looking at Rachel when he said that and Rachel was nodding her head and smiling. The thing was, Mandy was looking at Rachel as well.

“So I don’t have to take my bikini off then?”

“Nope, entirely up to you.” Tom replied.

“Think of all those cocks that you will see.” Rachel said.

Tom saw a hint of a smile on Mandy’s face and wasn’t surprised when she said,

“Okay then, turn right, but if I change my mind can we come back?”

“Of course we can,” Tom replied, “just tell us that you want to go and we will without any questions.”

Tom started walking towards the nude beach and Rachel and Mandy followed. As they walked the two girls talked, maybe thinking that Tom couldn’t hear them.

“Don’t you get all squishy when you see all those cocks?” Mandy asked.

“Sometimes, look there’s your first one.”

“It’s not hard.”

“They’re not all hard Mandy but when they see you they might get hard.”

“You mean see you Rachel, you’re the one that’s naked.”

“Yeah but you look more like a grown woman than I do.”

“I don’t know about that Rachel, your clit is a lot bigger than mine.”

“But you tits are bigger than mine and men like looking at big tits.”

“My tits aren’t as big as my mum’s.”

“But she’s not here and you are so men will look at your tits. Wouldn’t it turn you on men looking at your bare tits?”

“They’re not bare.”

“But don’t you want to take your top off and let the men see your tits, think of how wet you will get.”
 
“I don’t know.”

“Just try it for a bit Mandy, you can always put your top back on.”

“But your dad will see me.”

“So what, he sees my tits every day.”


“Right girls,” Tom turned and said, “will here do for us?”

Rachel looked around and saw a middle-aged couple on one side and three men on the other side, all as naked as Rachel was. Both groups about ten metres apart.

“Good with me.” Rachel said.

“Okay I guess.” Mandy said.


As they spread their towels Rachel said,

“Relax Mandy, look at the cocks and imaging what it would be like to have one of them inside you.”

“RACHEL,” Mandy jumped back at Rachel. “You can’t say things like that.”

“Why not, I will be thinking that.”


By then the towels were spread and Tom was already sat watching the girls get themselves organised. He got the sunscreen bottle out then said,

“Rachel, you haven’t put this on your sensitive parts yet.”

“Will you do it please?”

“Come here Rachel, get on your knees.”

Rachel did, and she spread her knees as well. Her little tits were right in front of Tom’s face. Mandy looked a little surprised but she didn’t say anything, just stared. She was still staring as Tom’s hand went down to Rachel’s pussy and started rubbing causing Rachel to moan,

She moaned again as Tom’s middle finger penetrated her vagina and started finger fucking her. Seconds later Rachel managed to have a nearly silent orgasm but her body did shake a little. 

“All done Rachel.” Tom said, “Good to go.”

Rachel went back to next to Mandy who was still staring, not believing what she had just seen.

“What!?” Rachel asked.

“Err nothing.” Mandy replied as Rachel lay back like Mandy had.

After a minute or so Mandy quietly said to Rachel,

“Did Tom just make you cum Rachel?”

“Yes, he’s good at that.”

Mandy was quiet for a while as her brain continued to process what she had just witnessed then finally she said,

“But he’s your father.”

Rachel got up onto her elbows, looked at Mandy then over to Tom who had heard everything and guessed what Rachel was going to ask him.

“Mandy,” Tom said, “can you keep a secret, a really big one.”

“Yes, a really big secret,” Rachel added, “because if you tell anyone, even your parents we will get thrown off the campsite.”

“Okay, I promise.”

“Tom isn’t my father, he’s my boyfriend.” Rachel stopped there to let Mandy take in what she had just said.

“But you’re only fourteen and he just made you cum.”

“I’m a German girl and sex is legal for fourteen year old Germans.”
 
“And this nudity thing, what’s that all about, is there really anything wrong with your pussy? I mean Tom gave it a good workout a few minutes ago.”

Rachel looked over to Tom who nodded his head.

“There’s nothing wrong with my pussy, it’s something we made up so that I could be naked all the time, you see in Germany I was a member of the FKK which is the German naturist club. I love being naked all the time and that was the only way that we could think of to make it happen.”

“So you get off by being naked when the people around you have clothes on?”

“Yes, my pussy has never been dry since I met Tom.”

“Wow. So you really like being naked all the time?”

“I do, it’s a wonderful feeling and swimming naked is another amazing feeling as well.”

“So you’d recommend me getting naked as well then?”

“I certainly would, but as Tom says, it’s your decision Mandy.” 

“There’s got to be more to your story Rachel, something isn’t right.”

“There is more, but it’s not really relevant at the moment, I’ll tell you everything later, just lay back, enjoy the sun and let your subconscious work things out for you.”


It was then that Tom said,

“I’m about to take my shorts off girls, turn away if you don’t want to see me.”

Both girls turned their heads to watch Tom and Rachel was disappointed that he wasn’t hard. Both girls were still staring as Tom got some sunscreen and rubbed all over his butt then his front paying particular, but not too much attention to his cock and balls. 

Rachel noted that there was signs of a semi appearing when he had finished. Then he lay back down, on his back, let out a relaxing sigh and said,

“Doesn’t that sun feel good?”

“I would have put the sunscreen on Tom if you hadn’t been here Mandy.” Rachel said.  


There was silence for a while then first Mandy sat up. Both Tom and Rachel saw Mandy looking around before she said,

“Okay, I’m taking my top off.”

“Okay.” Both Tom and Rachel nonchalantly said as they looked out to sea.

“It’s off.” Mandy said.

“Good.” Rachel said., still looking out to sea.

“Well done Mandy,” Tom said, “see, it wasn’t that difficult was it?”

“No, but aren’t you going to look at me?”

“Do you want us to look at you Mandy?”

“There’s not much point in talking it off if you don’t look.”

“That’s not true Mandy,” Tom replied, “it’s what you feel like that counts, not what me or any of the men around us feel like. How do you feel?”
 
“Well for one thing I don’t have that damned top trying to cut me in half.”

“What else?”

“It feels sort of natural, I feel liberated I guess.”

“Anything else?” Rachel added.

“Okay, I admit it, my nipples and pussy are tingling a bit.”

“So it was worth it then?” Rachel said, “and look at Tom, he’s appreciating seeing your tits.”

Both girls turned to Tom and saw that he had a semi. Both girls giggled then Rachel said,

“Men can’t control when they get hard just like us girls can’t control when our nipples get hard, it’s just that boners are more obvious than hard nipples, and nipples can get hard for reasons other than seeing a naked man. I bet that your mum didn’t put and sunscreen on your tits did she? Do you want Tom to put some on?”

“What! No. ……..  Well maybe.”

“It’s a nice feeling.” Rachel said.

“Well he has done yours so, okay. That’s if you want to Tom.”

“Mandy, no sane man would decline an offer like that.” Rachel said.

“Come here Mandy.” Tom said as he sat up and spread his legs.

When Mandy was stood between Tom’s legs he told her to kneel down and with her tits right in front of his face he started rubbing sunscreen on them. As he worked it into her nipples Mandy couldn’t stop herself from moaning.

“Told you it would be nice.” Rachel said.

Tom kept going and a minute later Rachel said,

“Is your pussy getting wet Mandy?”

Mandy’s red face answered that question so Rachel continued,

“Do you want him to rub some sunblock on your pussy?”

“No thank you, I’ve still got my bikini bottoms on.”

“Stop pressuring Mandy Rachel,” Tom said, “Mandy will take her bottoms off if and when she is ready.”

“Yes, sorry Mandy, your call.”

Tom stopped massaging Mandy’s tits and he lay back. Mandy looked down at her tits then at Tom’s cock that had got a bit harder. Tom was watching her and he saw her shake her head as if to bring her back to reality then she got to her feet and went and lay down again. Rachel looked at Tom’s cock, smiled and licked her lips. Tom turned over and lay on his stomach.


After about thirty minutes all three turned over, Tom going up on his elbows. He looked at Rachel’s butt and remembered what it felt like to grab it and massage it.

“Sod it.” 

He thought, got the sunscreen and squirted some on Rachel’s butt, then started massaging it in. After a few seconds Rachel sighed and spread her legs as wide as she could, accidentally touching Mandy’s leg. That caused Mandy to turn her head to see what that contact was all about and she saw Tom massaging Rachel’s butt. 

She continued to watch in silence as Tom’s hands went between Rachel’s legs and started rubbing her pussy.

Tom saw a man walking along the water’s edge but he didn’t care and kept going.

After Rachel’s orgasm subsided Tom asked,

“Who fancies a swim?”

Both girls decided that they did and all three got up and walked the short distance to the sea, Mandy holding one arm over her tits.

Soon, all three were splashing about and in a lull in the flying water Rachel asked Mandy if the water felt good on her tits.

“Yeah, it does, so different from in a bikini.”

“It’s even better, the feeling the water rush passed you bald pussy.” Rachel said then turned and swam over to Tom who was just depth that Rachel wanted for what she had in mind.

“What about Mandy?” Tom asked as Rachel turned onto her back, spread her legs and manoeuvred herself ready for what she hoped was coming next.

“MANDY,” Rachel shouted, “WOULD YOU MIND IF TOM FUCKED ME RIGHT NOW?”

Mandy swam over to them but it was too late to give her consent, or not, because she saw Rachel moving backwards and forwards. She just stood there and watched.


Rachel was a bit more vocal when she orgasmed this time and when it was over she turned to Mandy and asked,

“Tell me that you weren’t fingering yourself while you were watching.”

Mandy blushed.

“It’s much better without a bikini on.” Rachel said then turned and kissed Tom.

Both Tom and Rachel noticed that Mandy didn’t try to cover her tits when they got out of the water and walked back to their towels.

As they dried off before laying down both Tom and Rachel were pleasantly surprised to watch Mandy pull her bikini bottoms off then lay down. Neither of them said a word.

Rachel lay on her back and as usual, spread her legs wide so that anyone passing would be able to get a great view of all of her pussy but Mandy lay with her legs only slightly open.

A short while later Mandy whispered,

“The sun makes my pussy feel nice.”

“It’s even better with your legs spread wide. Rachel replied. “Hey, you haven’t got and sunscreen on your butt or pussy, do you want Tom to puts some on for you?”

“Will he make me cum like he did with you?”

“Do you want him to?”

“Hmm, yes please, that’s if you don’t mind, you are his girlfriend.”

“I don’t mind, get up and go and ask him.”

Mandy looked around and seeing no one else close by she went and knelt between Tom’s knees. When she touched his thigh he opened his eyes and saw Mandy looking down at his cock.

“What’s up Mandy?”

“I was wondering if you could rub some sunscreen on me where my bikini bottoms were?”

Tom looked to where her bikini bottoms had been and said,

“You shave.”

“Don’t all girls shave down there, get rid of that horrible hair”?

“You’re better qualified to answer that question than me Mandy.”

“Well all the girls in my class do.”

“Good, I hate getting pubic hairs stuck in my throat.”

Mandy giggled a little then passed Tom the sunscreen. He started by reaching round and doing her butt cheeks. As he did so he said,

“Has anyone told you that you have a great ass Mandy?”

“My boyfriend did.”

Then Tom started to move round to Mandy’s front going down to her pubis then her inner thighs.

“There you go Mandy.” Tom said but Mandy didn’t move. After a few seconds she said,

“That’s it? Aren’t you going to make me cum like you did with Rachel?”

“You will have to ask me to do that if you want me to.”

“Tom, please will you rub sunscreen on my pussy and make me cum?”

“Of course I will Mandy, anything to please a beautiful young lady.”
 
Being naked in public must have been a real turn-on for Mandy because her pussy was very wet and all three of them could hear the squishing sounds that Tom’s fingers made. All three could also hear Mandy’s moaning and announcing that she was cumming,.

Tom felt that same rush of pussy juices that Rachel often gave when she orgasmed, come out onto his hand, the fingers of which kept rubbing and finger fucking Mandy until her orgasm subsided.

After a long sigh Mandy thanked Tom then got to her feet and went back to laying next to Rachel whispering to Rachel,

“Tom is much better at that than my boyfriend is.”

“”Yes,” Rachel replied, “he is good with his fingers but he’s better with his mouth.”

Mandy’s eyes went wide open for a second but she said nothing as she lay like Rachel, with her legs quite wide apart, ignoring the odd person who walked along the water’s edge no more than two metres from her feet.


About fifteen minutes later Tom asked,

“Who’s coming for a walk?”

Rachel jumped up but Mandy stayed put.

“Come on Mandy, stop being a wuss.” Rachel said.

“But people will see me naked.”

“Bloody hell Mandy,” Rachel replied, “you’re happy to lay there with you legs spread wide with loads of people looking at your spread pussy but you won’t go for a walk where people won’t be able to ninety percent of your pussy. Stop being a wuss girl and get to your feet?”

“I suppose that it is a bit stupid. Okay then.”

Up she got and the three of them started walking back the way that they had come. Tom felt great, he had two naked fourteen year old girls walking one either side of him, also, naked himself he was struggling to avoid getting a boner.

As they got to sea wall he decided that without his shorts on it wouldn’t be a good idea to walk through all the clothed people with two naked girls so he turned them round and started walking back.

That was when he saw that they had been followed by two middle-aged men who were now looking at both naked girls. Both Tom and Rachel saw one of Mandy’s hands go to cover her pussy then Tom heard Rachel tell Mandy not to be a wuss and to move her hand away, which she did.


They walked back to, then straight passed their towels encountering more people, mostly naked men but also a few naked women. They saw a youngish couple, both naked, the girl with her legs wide open and showing the world that she was wearing a vibrator like Rachel’s Lush. After they got out of hearing range Mandy said,

“Did you see that pink thing sticking out of that girl’s pussy?”

“Yes,” Rachel answered, “it’s remote controlled vibrator, Tom bought me one.”

“Obviously I’ve heard of vibrators but a remote controlled one!?”

“Yes, Tom can control it from his phone. In theory he can control it from anywhere in the world but we haven’t had the chance to try that theory yet.”

“Wow, what’s it like?”

“When Tom turns it on to maximum vibrations I can’t stop myself from shaking and the feeling is like nothing on earth. It makes me cum after a while.”

“Wow, I’ve got to get myself one of those.”


At the end of the beach they turned again and walked back to their towels where Rachel got out the food that she had prepared and they sat eating and talk.

“So Mandy,” Tom said, “your first nude beach experience, what’s it like for you?”

“Well I can’t deny that it was scary at first but now I sort of like it. You getting me off certainly helped. Why is it that when I get aroused my inhibitions seem to go away?” 
   
“I have no idea,” Tom replied, “I don’t think that Rachel ever had any inhibitions to start with.”

“That’s because my parents took me to the FKK meetings when I was little so wandering around with no clothes on just seemed natural to me.”

“Yeah,” Mandy replied, “I probably didn’t care about clothes until my mum started forcing me to wear them and she kept telling me that good girls always kept their bodies covered and their knees closed. I suppose that it got drummed into me so much that I started believing that she was right.”

“My mum never did that to me but she treated me like a slave so I just had to run away.”

“You ran away from home?”

Rachel then went on to tell Mandy a potted summary of her life so far and by the time she was finished all three had finished eating and Tom had gone into the sea to cool off. The girls followed, Mandy appearing to have forgotten that she was totally naked. That is until she felt the warm water against her pussy as she swam prompting her to tell Rachel that it was nice.

They swam and messed about for a while before going back to their towels where both girls lay spread eagle enjoying the sun. 


After an hour or so Tom decided that he was going to show Mandy what the dunes were like and what him and Rachel got up to when they were there. They packed their bags and when Mandy started to put her bikini back on Rachel said,

“Don’t bother with that yet, we won’t be going anywhere near the road for a while yet.”

Mandy looked a bit hesitant but she did stuff her bikini into her bag and followed Rachel as she walked into the dunes. After they had wandered around for a couple of minutes Mandy said to Tom who had been pulling up the rear,

“Are you staring at my butt Tom?”

“Yes I am, and a cute little butt it is.”

“Thank you but shouldn’t you be staring at Rachel’s butt?”

“I do that all the time and I’m sure that she isn’t jealous, I don’t think that she understands the meaning of the word.”

“No I don’t.” Rachel shouted from the front, “I like Tom looking at other girls, it makes me feel good when he comes back to me and tells me that I’m beautiful.”

“You are.” Tom shouted from the back.”

“Will here do Tom?” Rachel said as she turned round on a sandy patch. “There’s a few men watching us.”

“Where?” Mandy asked.

“They’re hiding waiting to see if Tom’s going to fuck me.”

“You two are going to fuck right here, with those men watching?”

“Yes, I told you that I get off being watched.”

“You did but …… “

“Tom, get your camera out, Mandy, will you video us please? And don’t go all shy when those men get a lot closer.”

Mandy looked a bit bemused as Tom handed her his Go-Pro and showed her how to work it. Then he sat on the sand and lay back. In no time Rachel was knelt beside him and sucking his cock.

“Mandy, press the record button.” Tom reminded her.

Mandy did and the next five minutes or so was etched onto a memory card and Mandy’s brain for life. Mandy didn’t really notice the five men who had silently got quite close to them, and she hadn’t thought about her nudity either. It was only when Rachel’s orgasm was over and she got up that Mandy remembered and became aware of her state of dress and the surroundings. 

However, she was passed caring about being naked with five strange men looking at her, she was feeling very horny and her heart skipped beat when Rachel said,

“You can do the same if you want Mandy. I don’t mind and I’m sure that your mouth can get Tom ready in a couple of minutes.”

“No, I couldn’t, it’s not right.”

“You said that you are on the pill so who’s going to know? Remember, what happens on holiday stays on holiday.”

“No, he’s your boyfriend Rachel.”

“We’ve had this conversation Mandy, get on your knees.”


Meanwhile Tom was listening and waiting. He just knew that Mandy wanted to be fucked, that it was just those stupid inhibitions that were stopping her. What’s more, his cock was starting to recover just thinking about Mandy riding him.


“Go for it Mandy,” Rachel said, “you only live once and you’ll regret it if you don’t do it.”

Mandy looked at Rachel, passed her the camera and dropped to her knees.

As Mandy was sucking his cock Tom realised that Mandy wasn’t as experienced at blowjobs as Rachel was but there again, Rachel wasn’t that good at it when she gave Tom her first one. It’s just that Rachel appeared to be a natural at anything to do with sex. He started to wonder if there was something in her past that he didn’t know about or was it something that she inherited from her mother.

He stopped caring about the past when he got fully hard and gently lifted Mandy’s head up.

“Are you ready for this Mandy?” Tom asked.

Mandy didn’t answer him, instead she mounted him just like Rachel had only the lowering to bottom out was taken a bit slower.

Mandy also gets a bit loud when she has an orgasm but that didn’t matter out there and Rachel captured the whole session on video.


When Mandy’s arousal level started to decline and she became aware of her surroundings again she had a little panic attack, stood up and covered her tits and pussy. Rachel moved in, put an arm round her and said,

“It’s okay Mandy, you did good. Your boyfriend will love you even more when you do that to him.”

Mandy relaxed and let her arms drop to her sides whilst Tom put his shorts on. Then the trio continued walking through the dunes and the scrub land. Mandy had anther couple of panic attacks when they were walking through the streets of the built up area when people were walking towards them. Rachel took her hand and whispered that it was okay but Mandy’s heart beat was raised considerably as the trio passed the walkers.

Tom and Rachel managed to get Mandy to walk over the footbridge to the boundary of the campsite before she lost her courage and put her bikini back on but when they got back to the motorhome Mandy was squealing with delight at what she had done that day. She even gave Tom a big kiss and thanked him.  



After that first day with Mandy on the beach Mandy went round to Tom’s motorhome every morning, until she went back to England, to see if she could hang with Tom and Rachel all that day. It would appear that the daily swimming sessions were no longer necessary. On a couple of occasions Tom and Rachel weren’t there because they had gone to the laundry or the shop and when they got back there was Mandy stark naked on one of the loungers soaking up the sun.


One morning when Mandy went round to see them Rachel was just starting her exercises and Rachel asked Mandy to do them with her. Tom got his camera and recorded all of it. 


The trio went to the beach every day that Mandy went to visit them and Tom had two beautiful girls to fuck in the dunes. He had his stamina tested on each of those days as both girls wanted to fuck in the sea as well.

After the third day on the beach, during their evening love making session, Rachel had a bit of an insecurity attack telling Tom that she was worried that he preferred Mandy to her because Mandy’s tits were bigger than hers. Tom spent the next fifteen minutes describing every little detail of Rachel’s tits and explain every reason why he preferred her tits to Mandy’s. Rachel got over her attack and their love making continued.


Meanwhile, in the bar on an evening Tom and Rachel often met Mandy’s parents and Tom liked them, in fact they got on well. Sometimes Rachel and Mandy would ‘escape’ for an hour or so and they would go to one of the play areas to talk and masturbate. It would appear that Mandy had gone off the idea of wearing underwear, jeans or shorts, at least for the rest of her holiday, and whilst the girls sat on the kids swings or other things, they would pull their dresses or skirts up and diddle their pussies as they talked. One time they were caught by a couple of teenage boys who had nothing better to do than wander around the site. The boys saw what the girls were doing and told the girls to continue. Mandy told the boys to fuck off but Rachel continued and orgasmed right in front of the boys. Then she told them to fuck off.


The subject of where Mandy went each day never came up and him and Rachel guessed that Mandy never told her parents.


Unfortunately, Mandy’s family were only on the campsite for two weeks and when they left  both girls were near to tears and they promised to keep in touch via social media, Tom having explained the pitfalls of social media and advised them to setup up another account and use that for the more ‘interesting’ communications. 

*****

Bar Entertainment - Karaoke

One of the notable nights at the bar was a Karaoke night. Tom had told Rachel that they wouldn’t stay long because he wasn’t a big fan of karaoke but she said that she wanted to perform with Mandy so he resigned himself to a lot of painful renditions. 

They sat at the table that Chico always reserved for them, Rachel sitting so that Chico could see what he wanted to see, and were joined by Mandy and her parents, and, maybe because of the beer, Tom was actually enjoying the evening. 

The two girls went over to the man running the Karaoke and Tom watched him looking at Rachel as they selected their song. Tom didn’t ask what song it was and even when the pair  got up to sing and the man announced the song name and they started to sing did Tom only vaguely recognise the song.

What he did notice was that nearly all of the people there were looking at Rachel and Mandy. He felt good and he just knew that Rachel would be enjoying the people looking at her naked body.


Things improved for Rachel later that evening when she went went to the man running the Karaoke and agreed to do a solo rendition of the Beatles ‘She Loves You’, and when her time came she didn’t read the words from the screen, she sang the song in German which attracted more attention to her and really pleased Tom because it sounded re-markedly good.

Although it did prompt a few people to ask what language it was and how she knew it which intrigued Tom because Rachel’s German accent is there for all to hear.

*****

