Simon managed to get half a pain pill down her, which took the edge off. It was strong enough to make her eyes a little glassy and make her more open than she might be otherwise. Simon was just happy to see her lying in a big bed in the same room as him. He pushed up her blouse to reveal her flat tummy and kissed it softly. It tickled a little and she made a noise that was half a giggle and half appreciative.

"I wish you didn't have to leave," she sighed. "Can't you stay?"

"We're filming X-Factor," he said. "You know that."

"I know," she said. "And you like London better."

He bit at her skin a little but didn't disagree.

"And you miss your mom?" she asked.

"Yes," he revealed. "That is true." Paula had met Julie Cowell in the past, but always superficially. There had been something about her that had been a little too wise and perceptive and Paula had felt that had she spent more time with her, she would have ended up revealing more than she wanted to. "I told her you were coming for the holidays."

"You did?" asked Paula, tugging on his hair so he would leave her stomach alone. He crawled up so they were face to face. He pulled the comforter over them and she snuggled against him, reveling in the solid warmth of a body, his body, next to her. "What did she say?"

"She was surprised," he said. "But will welcome you with open arms."

"Yikes," Paula said. "I don't mind coming but I don't want to intrude on your family time."

"You aren't an intrusion," he promised. Beneath the covers, he started tugging at her pants, working them down her legs. "But these clothes definitely are." She let him unwrap her like a present. He shimmied out of his own clothing and tucked the covers around them so they were warm, and skin-to-skin. She reached up and turned out the lamp so they were in relative darkness. She felt him settle in for the night, finding the most comfortable spot and listened to him fall into a rhythmic breathing pattern.

"Simon," she said.

"Yeah?" he said.

"Touch me," she begged.

"Are you sure?" he asked, carefully, knowing that her pain was probably real.

"I'm sure," she said.

So he did.

oooo

Paula was quiet on the flight back to Los Angeles. Lauren sat beside her this time, her notebook closed in her lap, her phone off, her attention completely on Paula.

"You can talk to me," Lauren reminded her. "I'm legally bound to keep your secrets."

"I don't have any secrets," Paula said absently. Lauren rolled her eyes.

"Everyone has secrets," Lauren says. "And yours is Simon Cowell." Paula glanced at her sideways.

"It's no ones business if we're sleeping together," Paula said.

"Oh no," Lauren said, leaning in conspiratorially. "Your secret isn't that you're doing it. Your secret is that you love him." Paula crossed her arms over her chest, trying to make herself as small as possible.

"That's ridiculous," Paula said.

"I know," Lauren agreed. "But that doesn't mean it isn't true."

"Even if I did, HYPOTHETICALLY, have irrational feelings toward him," Paula said. "It isn't like he feels the same way."

"What do we know about Simon Cowell?" Lauren said, extending her fingers on her left hand so she had something to tick off as she counted. "One, he's a confirmed bachelor. Two, he has trouble with monogamy. Three, he has the proverbial bedside manner of a piranha. Four, he dates tall, leggy, young woman so he can have beautiful arm candy."

"Where are you going with this?" Paula asked. Lauren held up her thumb, the only finger remaining upright.

"Five, he just moved mountains to see you for a weekend," she said. "One of these things is not like the other."

"Maybe he just wanted to get laid," Paula said, plucking at invisible fuzz on her fleece pants.

"Because there are no beautiful women in New York City," Lauren said, sarcastically. "He wanted to see you Paula! That's Simon's big, deep, dark, daunting secret! Can't you see it? He loves you too!"

"Yeah right," Paula said. "Simon loves his mom and his cars and that's it." Lauren let her head fall against the tray table and banged her forehead a few times. She muttered something that sounded a lot like "Stupid celebrities" and "New job" but Paula dismissed it. "Lauren, the stupid romantic choices I make are neither here nor there in regards to your job."

"Oh," Lauren said wistfully, "If only that were true."

oooo

December came both too slowly and too quickly for Paula's taste. She was going to London for two weeks, leaving on the 19th and returning on the 2nd. They would spend Christmas together and New Years and she would return to the states to prepare for her Superbowl performance. Then, Idol started and they would move quickly into Hollywood week and back into their old, comfortable routine of ferreting out a new superstar.

Lauren, however, was not accompanying Paula to England. Paula had offered to pay her way but Lauren had refused.

"I have my own fun filled family gatherings to attend," she said. "And besides, you two will want to be... alone," she said, drawing out the word. "And I would be the definition of a third wheel. You don't have much press scheduled, nothing you can't handle, and Simon told me you can use his assistant as your whipping boy if need be."

"It still freaks me out that you two talk to each other," Paula muttered.

"It's strictly business, I assure you," Lauren said. "Neither of us enjoy it, if that's what you're worried about."

When the time came, Lauren drove her to the airport and put her on the plane.

"Simon will pick you up at Heathrow," Lauren promised. "It's a direct flight. You shouldn't have any problems."

Paula hugged her assistant.

"See you in a couple weeks," Paula said. When she was gone, Lauren sighed, happily beginning her first real vacation from Paula Abdul in over a year.

oooo

Simon waited in the terminal for her and was there the moment she stepped off the plane. And though it was possibly not in their best interest, she ran up to him and leapt into his arms, wrapping her legs around his hips and hugging him tightly.

"Hi Baby," she squealed, the excitement of seeing him after so long overwhelming her.

"Hi," he said laughing. "Happy to see me?" He let her slide down back onto her own two feet. There were a few flashes of cameras from photographers but Paula didn't care. It was all she could do not to kiss him.

"Yes," she said. "Let's get out of here."

He navigated her out of the airport and into a car like a pro, somehow managing to gather her plethora of suitcases without her really noticing.

In his car, he drove with his hand on her thigh while she tried to get used to the wrong side of the road again.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"Home," he said. "Where I will have my way with you for about twenty four hours. And then, uh, Terri has invited us over for dinner tomorrow. A sort of, no hard feelings thing, I'd imagine."

"Terri?" Paula exclaimed. "I didn't even know you were talking to her."

"Well we were friends for a long time before we got together," he said. "I thought it was big of her to even call."

"Does she know we're...." Paula didn't want to say together, because they weren't, really, and she didn't want to say fucking because it was crass so she just trailed off.

"I haven't told her," Simon says. "Who knows why she thinks you're here."

"We were friends, you know," Paula said. "It's going to be strange."

"We don't have to go," he said. "Lord knows I've canceled on her a million times before."

"I didn't mean that," she said. "I'm just hardly ever friends with my exes."

"I know," he said squeezing her thigh.

"Well," she said. "I guess since you told me you were talking to Terri, I should probably tell you that I saw Emilio."

"When?" he asked. She pried his fingers from her leg and patted his hand.

"He came over to the house right after you left. I ended up having dinner with his whole family," she said.

"Why didn't you tell me?" he asked.

"I forgot," she admitted. "But now when I invite him over for dinner one night, I can remind you of the time we ate with Terri."

"I have a sudden urge to murder brutally every man you've ever shagged," he said.

"If I had that feeling, I'd wipe out half of womankind," she said. "Are you jealous?"

"Are you?" he shot back. She thought about it.

"I don't know. Do I have any right to be?" she asked. It was a thinly veiled attempt at some definition. In the summer, when it was warm and temperatures ran high, things were easier. It was just like a summer fling, a friends with benefits sort of deal but now she'd flown across an ocean to spend the holidays with him, and possibly his mother, and this was making her a little nervous. She chewed her lip.

"You're allowed to feel how you feel," he said, vaguely.

"I don't want to talk about this right now," she said, honestly. "I don't want anything to change." His sigh of relief was audible and she craned her neck to look at London as it flew by.

"You are my favorite person that I've had sex with," he said, so pleased at her statement. She grinned at him.

"You are in the top ten," she promised and then ducked to avoid the hand that came flying toward her.

"You really don't want to get into numbers," he said.

"You're right," she said. "I really don't."

London was gray and freezing and Paula wasn't surprised by either of these facts. She pulled her coat closer around her when Simon opened the door for her and she watched him lug her suitcases up the stairs to his townhouse.

"Need help?" she said, with no intention of actually doing so. He gave her a look like hell would freeze over if she actually tried to lift a bag, and she shrugged as if to say, "At least I have the manners to ask."

Paula had been to his house before, when filming X-Factor, and it's mostly the same. She didn't stay there and when they first started planning for the trip, she offered to book herself a hotel room but Simon would have none of it.

"People won't watch as closely here," he said on the phone and she wanted to believe him so she agreed to stay with him. The house was well heated and Simon's housekeeper, Mrs. Lewis greeted her as soon as they walked in. Paula hadn't met the older woman but had heard about her enough.

"This is Paula," Simon said, a little reluctantly.

"My goodness! Look at you! Isn't she beautiful, Simon? How lovely you are, my dear," Mrs. Lewis said, taking her hand in both of hers. "You must be tired, and hungry. Oh now, let's get you all settled in." Paula smiled widely, trying not to laugh and looked at Simon who just shrugged as if to say, "She's English, what do you want?" They were getting better at the whole unspoken communication thing, because Paula knew exactly what he was feeling by his expression.

"Thank you," Paula said, allowing the housekeeper to remove her jacket and hang it on the stand by the door.

"Simon has told me all about you. Come on, come on, we'll get you some tea and you'll feel better." Paula allowed Mrs. Lewis to pull her down the narrow hallway and into the kitchen. Simon followed behind and sat down at the kitchen table next to Paula while Mrs. Lewis lit the stove. "It's been so long since we've had a proper houseguest," she continued. Paula really was tired and was content to sit and listen to Mrs. Lewis spill Simon's secrets. It was clear that Simon had no control over what she said and didn't even try to stop the flow of words. He just put his arm over her shoulder and looked relaxed, at home in a way he never did in Los Angeles.

"I'm grateful I can stay in a house and not at a hotel," Paula admitted. "I love this house."

"I've worked for Simon for nearly fifteen years now," Mrs. Lewis said, bustling around and filling the tray with tea service. "I feel like he's my own son."

"Don't tell mum," Simon said, good-naturedly.

"Oh, she knows and is happy to share," Mrs. Lewis said. "But with Simon in the States and Miss Seymour out of the picture, if you'll excuse me, Miss Abdul, it's been awfully lonely here. It's better when Simon comes home, but when he told me you were coming, well, I was just excited! We don't usually have a tree, you know, for Christmas but I insisted that company deserved a proper holiday with all the trimmings."

"And I told her that you were Jewish, but it just went in one ear and out the other," Simon said.

"Just because you don't favor our lord Jesus doesn't mean you can't enjoy a pretty tree with lights," Mrs. Lewis said merrily, setting the tea service down and pouring out two cups. "Oh, Simon love, I bought some of those chocolate biscuits you love. They're in the pantry, I'll be back in a moment," she said, disappearing down the hall.

"She is hilarious," Paula said, laughing.

"She arrives at six and leaves at six," Simon said. "Five days a week. Don't worry, we'll have nights to ourselves."

"Worry?" Paula asked. "Think of what she could tell me about you!"

"None of that, darling," he said, tugging a lock of her hair sharply. "Drink your tea."

Mrs. Lewis arrived with the biscuits and presented some on a plate.

"Now if you need anything, my dear, you just ask. I made up the guest bedroom for you and I'll make sure all your bags are put away before I go," she said, smiling. "So good to have you! And so pretty! Oh!"

Paula laughed and glanced at Simon. As soon as she left again, Paula shook her head.

"Sleeping in the guest room, huh?" she asked.

"Well, she's a tad old fashioned," Simon admitted.

"After fifteen years of working for you, that's a miracle," Paula said. "Women in and out all the time."

"I'm not quite the man whore you make me out to be," he said, mock offended. She stared at him. "Anymore," he added.

"That's what having Paula does to a man," she said, sipping her tea. "I ruin all other women for you because I'm so good."

"That's right," he said, kissing her cheek. "All I want is you."

They waited for Mrs. Lewis to leave for the night before they went upstairs. Simon showed her to her "room" where all her luggage had been placed. It was a nice, if generic room.

"It's the room that ended my relationship with Terri," he said. "She wanted to strip the wallpaper and I didn't care enough to change a thing."

"Over wallpaper?" Paula asked.

"Well, perhaps now I see that the room was a metaphor for something larger but... you know," he said. "Good thing, too."

"Good?" she asked.

"Now you're here," he clarified. She leaned up and kissed him.

"Let's go to bed," she said.

"You know, it's really better if you try to stay up. It will help you adjust to the time different more easily," he said.

"Not to sleep, you moron," she said. "Now show me your room."

oooo

Paula woke up before Simon. She could hear rain against the window, and was pretty sure it'd been raining all night since the sound was familiar and comforting. It was almost six am, which in her time felt like ten at night. How confusing. Her body felt heavy with sleepiness though she was waking up quickly. Beside her in bed, Simon snored lightly into his pillow. He was pale now, from months out of the L.A. sun. His chest hair was dark against his skin and her skin against his was even darker still. She was good about keeping up her tanning regimen, spray only, of course. She ran her fingers through the hair on his chest and he turned his head so he was facing her.

"It's so early," he mumbled.

"Time is all weird," she said. "I'm awake."

"Ugh," he said. "Vacation means sleep. Close your eyes."

"Okay," she said. She endeavored to give it a try. She closed her eyes, focusing on the deepness of his breathing next to her and the steady white noise of the rain outside. She was in London, she was sleeping next to a handsome man and for several days in a row, she had no real responsibility. It was a life she could get used to, waking up with another person in a posh city every day. Waking up next to Simon.

"I can hear you thinking," he said.

"You can not," she said, rolling against him.

"I can. Paula thoughts are loud." He was silly when he was sleepy. He was not a morning person, and she wasn't either, really, but did a better job than he did.

"I can't help it," she said.

"Fine," he said. "Then do what you want but let me sleep." She thought for a moment before she slipped out of the bed and padded toward the bathroom. She wasn't wearing anything and the air was cold away from the down comforter and his body. "Where are you going?"

"To take a bath," she said. He didn't respond so she closed the bathroom door behind her and let him sleep, just as he asked.

Simon's bathtub was enormous for the size of the bathroom and really the size of the house. In America, the townhouse would be described as, at best, narrow and pokey but for London it was big and in a glamorous neighborhood. Everything in the house was expensive, she could tell, including the large bathtub with jets and fancy fixtures. She turned on the hot water and didn't bother with the cold. Simon had learned the hard way not to surprise her in the shower. She liked the water almost too hot to stand and he'd leapt out with a shriek that had her giggling for an hour.

When the tub was full, she slowly eased herself into the tub, hissing at the heat but pushing on until she was submerged completely. Her hair floated around her and she stretched out, closing her eyes. There was nothing like a good bath. She realized too late that she probably should have retrieved her toiletries because there was a bar of soap and Simon's masculine shampoo but she was so warm and relaxed that it didn't matter.

About fifteen minutes later, Simon came in. He'd put on a pair of boxers and sat on the edge of the tub.

"I thought you were sleeping," she said, feeling drowsy now herself.

"You're naked in my tub," he said, as if that explained everything.

"I was naked in your bed, and you still wanted to sleep," she pointed out.

"But now you're wet and naked," he said. "Plus I could hear you splashing."

"Since you're up, you should go get me my own shampoo," she said. "In my brown bag." He didn't look thrilled but left and came back a few minutes later holding her toiletry bag and wearing a robe.

"I had to dodge Mrs. Lewis," he said. "Thought I'm sure she's already noticed your untouched guest bed."

"You're a grown up," Paula said, digging out her shampoo with wet hands. "And a skank. She shouldn't be surprised."

"Skank?" he asked.

"I believe your term was man whore," she said. "Now leave me be. I have to wash my hair."

"You aren't going to invite me in?" he pouted.

"Too hot for you," she said. He frowned but didn't argue.

"I have to go to X-Factor today," he said. "Will you come?" She tilted her head as if considering this proposition deeply.

"Of course," she said. "And then dinner with Terri?"

"Yes. And I want you to wear something slutty," he said.

"It's December! It's freezing!" she said. "Plus, that's mean."

"I don't care," he said. "I want you to push those girls up high."

She splashed a few drops on him and he grinned, leaning down to kiss her. It was meant to be a quick kiss but she let it linger until his hand was sliding along the edge of the tub toward her. He dipped it into the water, intending a caress, or knowing Simon, a grope but he yanked it back, hissing.

"Hot!" he exclaimed. "Are you even human, sitting in that boiling tub?"

"Told you," she said. He wiped his hand off and gave her an untrusting look as he left the bathroom.