Got her good
Bad Sister

The other night I had a sleep over with my friend Gemma. After our parents went to sleep we were in my bedroom webcaming with a few friends from our school that we have crushes on. They kept asking us to flash for them so were being naughty showing our cleavage and tummies and even a little panty flash here and there but nothing worse than that. The kept insisting on a real good show and said if one of us did they would give us tickets to the U2 show at the Rose bowl. Me and Gemma didn't believe them but they showed us the tickets and promised they'd be ours if we bared it all, but only if it was for a good 30 seconds or longer so they could see everything or else no deal. 

Well we both weren't ready to do that but I got a devilishly devious thought. I told them what if we got my little sister who’s 2 years under us to do it instead? Most boys are gaga for my little sister because she's a little sexpot so they eagerly agreed saying for a show like that the tickets would be ours. My little sis is quite gullible so I went and asked her to come into our room. She was still up watching TV in her room in her flannel pajamas so I asked her to come look at something really cool in our room. Once in my room I closed the door and told her to sit on the floor with us in front of the computer. Looking confused she did it having no idea why. We sat on both sides of her and told her to look at the screen at our friends they were going to show us a real cool trick. Staring inquisitively at the screen she leaned in and that's when I had Gemma grab her under her arms from behind and hold her tight as I started pulling her shirt all the way up. Shocked she kicked around struggling wondering what we were doing till I got her shirt up past her boobs. She wasn't wearing a bra so we got her boobs fully exposed in only a few seconds with Gemma holding her shirt up to keep them in full show. Then I hooked my fingers into her pajama pants and pulled them all the way down past her knees as she squealed in total embarrassment. She didn't have any panties on either so wrestling her pajama pants all the way down to her ankles we held her bare naked and struggling with her smooth shaved bare pussy and teen breasts on full display for the laughing boys on the webcam. We held her there whimpering and complaining that she wanted to be let go for a good 60 seconds making sure the boys could see every inch of her hot naked body. I held her ankles and Gemma held her from behind in a full nelson so she had no choice but the lie there totally nude from neck to ankles. I tried to force her legs apart next but she locked them together like a vice and would not let me pull them apart no matter how hard I tried. We forced her to roll over on her stomach so they could get a full view of her bare butt next to make sure there was no complaints from them later and held her on the carpet like that for another good 30 seconds with her round little butt on full show. Once I was convinced that we had fulfilled their request we let her go. She scrambled to pull her pajama pants up and shirt down and swatted at me pouting as she ran out of the room completely red faced and embarrassed. 


The boys loved the show and to tell you the truth we did too. It was fun stripping my sister bare naked for them and we got some awesome U2 tickets on top of it all!