TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MARCH 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Title:  Negotiations
Author: C.D.E.
Story# 2010-06

CAST:
Norman - Husband
Nicole  Norman's wife


	I was really upset that the six men at the small company where
my wife works, were basically going to take her away from me.

	I had been a bit suspicious of her working all those late hours
and going away on weekend business trips, weekend after weekend.
But I never thought it would come down to this.

	So now it's out in the open.  Her six male co-workers want her
for their group wife.  And whats so bad about it all, is that she
has just informed me that she likes being sexually available for
them and their big cocks.

	"They fuck me so much better than you darling.  You and your
little thing are no match for their big tools.  But Norman honey,
I still love you very much and I  think I can convince them to
let us to stay married."  My wife Nicole told me in a very
sincere tone.

	I didn't want to lose her, so after we talked for a long while,
we kissed and proceeded to call up her boss to set up a meeting
for negotiations.  He was sort of the lead husband in this group
marriage thing.

	After some posturing about how much better they would be for
Nicole's sex life than I could ever be, Nicole interjected and
got things under way for her to still be my wife and for her to
be their woman.

	After some give and take, her boss, aka lead husband, after some
discussions with the other 5 Beta husbands - I guess that's what
they're called - presented me, or rather us with a deal.

	I was a bit shocked at the firm and final proposition that was
offered. It was obvious that her boss and the five other Beta
husbands were not going to back down.  Nicole and I asked for a
moment to talk among ourselves.

	"Honey, I'm afraid they are firm on you not getting to put it in
my pussy except once a year, and then only with a rubber.  I feel
for you Norman darling, but I think that's the best we can do on
that."

	"I-I see." I said in a downtrodden manner and tone.

	"And honey, since I don't want you seeing or being with another
woman, I'll have to insist that you wear an electronic cock lock
for me.  But don't you worry, I'll let you beat off at least
every week or so when I feel you need to be milked.

	"W-What!  B-But N-Nicole t-that s-seems s-s-so..."

	"I know it may seem unfair Norman darling, but look upon it as
my love showing through for you.  It won't be that bad, after all
it's not like you haven't jacked off for me before."

	"W-Well t-that's true, b-but..."

	"C'mon Norman honey, lets not quibble about such a trivial
thing.  If you really want me to continue to be your wife, surely
you won't mind beating your meat for me as I watch you.  Plus you
know I just love seeing you pull yourself off for me.  Real men
don't have it in them to do such a thing for their women, but
that's why I see it as so special when you do it for me. So you
see, you've got my men at work beat when it comes to making me
happy that way."

	"O-Okay Nicole, I-I g-guess I-I see your p-point there."

	As we talked through the remaining unsettled issues , we
discussed the pros and cons of what the guys expected of me and
her, and how our marriage would forever be changed.

	"W-Well at l-least they o-offered to let me suck your pussy
a-after they have intercourse with you."

	"And you know I just love the way you make me feel when suck
clean my pussy out with your mouth darling.  I know I tricked you
and was feeding you some of all of their jism over the last year.
 And even though you suspected that it was jism, you didn't raise
a ruckus.  I love you so much for that Norman.  And therefore, I
think it'll be easy for you to suck out full loads of their
semen."

	"Y-You t-think so Nicole?"

	"I'm quite sure you can handle it Norman darling.  Remember,
you've had to eat your stuff out of me to get me off when you
couldn't get me off with your little thing."

	"SIGH!  Y-You right.  Well anyway, it-it l-l-looks like I-I
don't have much choice in the matter here."

	"No you don't darling, and I just know you're going to be a good
pussy cum sucker.  And speaking of cum sucking, Norman honey, I
really want you to accept their offer to suck their dicks on
demand in exchange for letting you to still sleep with me.  I
really think it's the least you can do if you really want us to
still share a bedroom at night."

	I knew my wife was right, I had been forced to suck a few cocks
doing my teens and I was glad the guys who did it - my so called
friends - kept it a secret.  I really didn't really find anything
that awful about having  a hard dick in my mouth and swallowing
all their hot creamy jism.  I just knew that guys didn't go
around telling everybody they sucked cocks.

	I even knew when Nicole was feeding me jism from her well used
gapping pussy, but I said nothing.  Sometimes, a husband
shouldn't say anything and do what he has to do to keep his wife.

	Well to make a long story short, I capitulated and agreed to
become a cocksucker for my wife's group of husbands.

	When she and I returned to bargaining table, they upped the anti
and also demanded that in addition to my sucking their dicks
anytime they desired, that I also go to Male Womanhood training
and be prepared to get fucked by them within a month.

	Shocked and speechless, I looked at my wife.  With a broad
smile, she slowly shook her head up and down slightly, which let
me know that she was in agreement with their demand.

	"Honey, I think you're going to make a fine piece of cunt-ass
for the guys.  And it'll really show them just how much you love
me, as well as respect them as the real men in our marriage.  So
think of it as putting it in their face that even though they'll
be fucking me, and probably will be putting babies in me for you
to raise and provide for too, you'll still have my heart even if
they'll be fucking my pussy much more than you."

	All I could do was hang my head and concede that my wife was
probably correct in her assumptions.  I accepted their condition
that I would go into training to learn how to be ass fucked by my
wife's group of husbands.

	Instead of shaking hands, to seal the negotiated deal, it was
decided that I should suck all 6 men's sizable dicks while my
wife made a video of the event.  I tried to mount an objection,
but was quickly overruled by my wife's horny co-workers as well
as her too.  She was excited at seeing me suck her new group
husbands off to completion.

	I knew all was lost in my bid not to have to suck their dicks as
a means of sealing the deal so to speak.

	However, even though it was very embarrassing to be on my knees
and having to go from one raging hard dick to another to mouth
and swallow six hefty loads of gushing hot thick gooey slimy
ejaculate.

	I was not an accomplished cocksucker, so the men, and my wife,
gave me tips on the fly to aid me in doing what was expected of
me.

	One thing I thought was totally uncalled for was that several of
my wife's work husbands had me collect their copious load of
semen in my mouth, before swallowing it down, and then tilt my
head back, with an open mouth to let my wife video my mouth full
of their ejaculated sperm.

	That was ultra embarrassing to me, but it really seemed to
pleased the group.

	But I have to say, after doing the first group husband, namely
my wife's boss  who as I said appeared to be the Alpha male of
the group - it was pretty much smooth sailing, or rather smooth
sucking, for the 5 other group husbands, who were just as well
hung as her boss.

	The heat of their fresh spurted jism was very noticeable and
left a trail of warmth as their viscous seed slid down my gullet
and settled in my stomach.

	Even after giving me their first loads, all which were very
large  at least I thought so, compared to my lesser output  the
men also began fucking my wife while I was still sucking the
dicks of others in the group.

	In the end, my mouth was fucked by all six and so was my wife's
cunt.  We both ended up with equal loads of their cum in us.

	Later that night after eating out Nicole's well fucked sperm
soaked pussy, she cradled me and told me what a wonderful husband
I was to have the moxy to suck dicks for her love and agree to
all the things to stay married to her.  "Darling a real man would
never have done what you agreed to.  I'm so proud of you for
being my sweet cocksucking husband that doesn't have to worry
about being a man for me.  I love you dear Norman."

	I couldn't help but feel wonderful at my wife's very kind words.

	Over the years, my wife's group marriage has worked out pretty
well for her and us. I've bonded rather well with her group
husbands, or rather as she calls them, my husbands-n-law.  I have
adapted and accepted being on the end of my husband-in-laws' big
hard dicks, and have always cooperated and made my self available
for them, no matter if it was my mouth, or ass-cunt, or both,
they desired of me.

	And from the Male Womanhood training they sent me too, it was
really helpful in getting me to see a side of sex I never
would've imagined.  And that perspective really hasn't been that
unpleasant at all.  That is, being a sissy bitch to my
husband-in-laws, while dressed in lacy lingerie, taken to bed,
and used as a woman.

	All in all, I have to say it is wonderful knowing my wife is
getting the sex she needs and deserves, and that I can do my part
for her with my mouth and tongue by eating her used pussy out. 
She is also pleased that I am a good helpmate too  that is by
being a surrogate receptacle for her group husbands' horny  dicks
and a vessel for their very abundant output of hot gooey creamy
jism.

	By the way, my wife was correct in her early assumptions.  We
have 8 kids, all sired by my husbands-in-law.

###END###
