You and I had drifted further and further apart. I had made my heart grow colder….harder….stronger. I have forgotten how good it was since we last saw each other. There's so much space between, I often wondered what went wrong and you decided to leave me.

To me a distance that takes 13-hours difference to travel that's no different like saying forever if you don't want to see me. Why do you have to go without telling me? What have I done to deserve this coldness? Have I not changed enough for you to make you forget about me?

Yuki. I feel an ache in my chest every time I say your name. The house is so cold without you in it. This has been our home for a number of years. Memories warmed this house. Every nook and cranny of this place have every little reminder of our times together. Of how we have loved and cherished each other. But now, this is just a place where I go home to get a few hours of sleep before getting up again and going to work. I got no one to fix me something to eat. I have memorized the delivery number of the local restaurant right across the street so that I won't keep eating tv dinners or yes, won't blow up the house if I attempt to heat it up. I stopped sleeping in our bed. I made a place again in the living room couch. It's so big with just me in it. And I often end up crying when I reach out and there's no you for me to hold.

I had to do things. I can't live like this. I can't continue holding on to someone who has no plans to come back. Yuki.

I stand before a door that will never open and still I knock on it for eternity. You will remain on the other side, deaf and oblivious to my calls.

Everyone was surprise when the novelist just up and leave his wife of five years. They are one. Where there's Shuichi, Yuki is not so far behind. The ideal couple. Strong and silent Yuki and bubbly and energetic Shuichi. A match that had undergone trials and arguments. What else could break up their foundation based on love and trust? Unless one or the other broke that oath. Had shook the foundation that holds their relationship together.

There was an incident long ago that Shuichi forgot. That he never thought Yuki would mind. But he did. And he was hurt. He had invited Ryuichi Sakuma to collaborate a song-writing for a big concert happening in Japan. Shuichi had spent countless of hours practicing and yes, spending time with the man that Yuki had felt so insecure with. Shuichi had always thought that Yuki wouldn't mind, that they had been married for five years, and what happened between him and Ryuichi was long past and forgotten. That's what he thought. Because Yuki has been the same, when he comes home, there's food on the table and it's even warm, that Yuki had stayed up that long so that when he gets home he got something warm to eat. And when he wakes up in the morning, his towel, his toothbrush, soap, clothes and underwear all laid out for him, and breakfast on the table and even a thermos of hot ginger tea with honey for something on his breaks and to soothe his voice after long hours of practice. Yuki had cared for him, loved him to the point of obsession. His love was selfless. They had reverse roles since Shuichi had become more famous than the novelist, and Yuki had been a house-husband, taking care of things in the home front. Remaining on the sidelines, always a constant shadow in the background. Shuichi had been secure of that love that he overlook everything.

Yuki didn't say anything at all, during those weeks and even months of continuous long nights, long practices and long hours away from home. He understood work since those days he used to kick him out of his study so he can write. But he believed in Shuichi. And of all the people in the world, in all the billions of fans, Yuki had been the number one silent follower, he had known all the songs his wife had sang, he kept a scrapbook of every little thing. But he never thought that in that one very special day….momentous event, Shuichi would forget all about him. Would take him for granted.

The concert was a huge success. Shuichi even won an award. And Yuki waited for his turn. To be thanked, to be appreciated for all his constant loyalty of all the nights he was away and for all the support he had done. But Shuichi forgot. Millions of people realized it except for Shuichi. Until this day, he didn't understand.

"I would like to thank the one true person who had supported me all this time to make this concert a huge success, without this person, I wouldn't be standing here in front of all of you." Shuichi began his speech, the crowd went wild, calling Yuki's name. Yuki was close to tears. He was about to get up to acknowledge his wife's speech. But before he could, Shuichi turned to the other person on stage with him, "Ryuichi Sakuma, you had always been my god, thank you for all the help you did." He said, beaming from ear to ear.

Ryuichi was shocked. He was expecting the same thing the millions of people are waiting for, for Shuichi to acknowledge his husband. Ryuichi clasped his hand with Shuichi and approached the podium. "Thank you Shuichi, I would also like to thank Yuki Eiri who had been with us every step of the way. Yuki san please come up on stage." Ryuichi said. But Yuki's seat was empty. There was dead silence before Ryuichi thanked the producers and everyone so he can drag Shuichi who was panicking now off the stage.

Shuichi blushed and was flustered, muttering an oath under his breathe. He forgot about Yuki.

There was a pain in his chest. It was so painful. When the crowd stood up to give the two hottest singers in all Japan a standing ovation, Yuki slipped away from the crowd. He went home, crumpled to the floor. He sat there for awhile, staring at nothing. His mobile phone started ringing. It was Shuichi calling. He came to life. He got up, letting the phone ring. He put it on the kitchen counter and went in the bedroom, grabbed a suitcase in the closet and started packing. The phone rang twenty times alternating with the house phone. But Shuichi didn't know that Yuki was long gone before he reached the tenth call.

They searched every where. Yuki disappeared. Without a word where he was going. But it was only Shuichi who wondered why he left. No one had the heart to tell him. They knew, deep in his heart, Shuichi knew he forgot Yuki in the most important day.

Shuichi tried to get back on with his life. But it was hard. So hard. He had gotten used to having Yuki at his side. After two years. He still didn't forget his one and only true love. His other half. He had given up searching for Yuki after months of extensive calls overseas, he found a reservation of a one way ticket to Paris. But to no avail, Yuki is nowhere to be found. He gave up his singing career, and decided to go to Paris to try to find his husband once more. He had taken French classes and after a month had found a job as a waiter. He would often ride his bike around the fountain in the square and throw a coin and make a wish, everyday, he would make a wish. Let me find him again. His ardent request.

Little did Shuichi know, after a few minutes, Yuki would walk in and sit there by the benches to have his sandwich when he finished his classes, he teaches writing in a university nearby. And when he was done, he would stand up and toss a coin in the fountain, a ritual he had done for the last two years since he had lived and worked in France.

One time Yuki was talking to one of his colleague and good friend. He often talked of the wife he had left behind. His friend wondered why Yuki had never tried to contact him again. Yuki looked at him sadly, with a sad and pained smile on his face.

"J 'ai fait tout ce que j'ai pu." He said, with tears in his voice. (I did all I could.)

There is a saying about marriage, that what fate had put together let no man put asunder. It was fate. Fate had brought them together, in all their lives, Yuki and Shuichi are destined to be together. That no matter what happens they would always, yes, always find each other again.

Yuki was invited by Frederic to a café near the fountain where he always have his break.

"Qu'est-ce tu veux boire?" the waiter asked. (What would you like to drink?) At the sound of his voice, Yuki looked up. Their eyes locked. Yuki stood up, staggered back, Shuichi was also staring at him, his mouth agape in shock.

Frederic was calling him, "Eiri? Eiri… professor?" but it all fell on deaf ears. And Yuki ran, bolted to the street, and got run down by a taxi cab.

Shuichi screamed, running to him as Yuki went flying in the air. He landed a few meters away with a low thud, lifeless, not moving.

"Yuki! Yuki!" he cried, as he ran to cradle the lifeless bundle in his arms. Yuki coughed blood, opening his eyes, hearing his love's ardent cry. He reached out a bloody hand to touch his face.

"Y-ou found me." He said, smiling. Shuichi cried and kissed him. When Shuichi checked on him again, he spurted blood and this time didn't respond no matter how he shook him. Frederic ran to them asked Shuichi to hurry so that they could bring Yuki to the hospital.

It was days before Yuki woke up from his deep sleep, he had a severe concussion and broken ribs, he slipped into a semi coma. When he woke up, Shuichi cried. Yuki spoke in French and didn't recognized him.

When Shuichi left to get some clothes so he can watch over Yuki. Frederic walked over to his friend of ten years.

"Why did you pretend?" he asked the blond man on the bed.

"How did you know I'm pretending?" Yuki asked back.

Frederic put a hand on his arm gently, "I've known you for ten years, Eiri. If your wife couldn't tell, I could. Even though it was years we were apart, I still know you better than anyone." He said.

Yuki didn't say anything, tears welled up his eyes. His wish came true. To see Shuichi again. But his wish was not complete yet. There is still something Shuichi must do before Yuki would feel that this time everything would be alright. Frederic patted him on the shoulder.

"I promise I won't tell. Just get well, and get back to the love you have lost." He said, with a smile.

When Shuichi got back, Yuki was sleeping. He took the time to touch him, caress his angelic face. He wanted to know if he was real, that his wish finally came true, that he found him again. There is so much for him to tell Yuki but, he don't want to tell him now, now that he doesn't remember him anymore.

Days stretched to weeks, and then months. Shuichi watched over him, coming to the hospital before and after work. Fetching everything he needs. They had come back to square one, this time, Shuichi took care of Yuki. Like it was before when they were starting out. But, Shuichi didn't try to ask him if he remembers him again. He was just so happy that he found Yuki again, that is all that matters. And whatever that needed to be said or done, have to wait until he is better.

Yuki went on with his charade. He allowed Shuichi to take him to his apartment instead of going to his house near the university.

"I'm sorry if its not much, I'm just a student and a waiter so I can't afford a bigger place." Shuichi said, picking up stuff from the couch and bed. He helped Yuki sit on the couch.

Yuki was quiet, watching everything he does. "This will do. I'm fine." He said. "I can call Frederic to pick me up when he gets back from Germany."

Shuichi fumbled with the dictionary, "Speak slowly, I still don't know a lot of words." He said, scratching his head.

Yuki translated again in the simplest French he could use. Shuichi grinned and nodded. He got fresh linens and pillow case from the cabinet and changed the beddings.

"You can use the bed Yuki, I can sleep in the couch." He said, helping the older man to the bed.

"Just like before." Yuki mumbled.

"Pardon me?" he asked. Yuki shook his head.

Yuki fell in love with his pink haired brat all over again. Shuichi had done everything for him, in the weeks that they were together. Frederic was really in France, he is never in Germany, Yuki had made him swear not to tell Shuichi. He wants to know if Shuichi is still the same. And his friend granted that wish.

Everyday, Shuichi would wake up early to prepare Yuki breakfast, rush home on his break to prepare him lunch, and although tired from work, would prepare him dinner. One time Yuki complained he is tired of eating the same thing. Shuichi would work extra hours so he could buy gourmet food next door to take home to Yuki. And when Yuki is done and is sleeping, he would eat stale bread and left over soup from the café where he works. Shuichi never complained, never asked Yuki when he is coming back to work. He would go out of his way to make it easy for Yuki, would work extra jobs so he can buy tickets to plays and symphony orchestra at the theater. But Shuichi didn't realized that Yuki knew all these things and is falling for him all over again.

Shuichi went home one time to a dark room. He tried to sneak in the apartment quietly, thinking that Yuki was sleeping. Gently, he took an extra blanket in the drawer and put it on top his husband. Brushing lightly on the blond hair.

"I wish one day you will remember Yuki." He said, in their native tongue. "I wish one day you will find it in your heart to forgive me." A tear fell from his eye. "I had repented that day everyday of my life since you walked out on me. I had searched for you and couldn't find you. I wanted to find you and tell you how sorry I am."

When the figure on the bed move. Shuichi turned and wiped the tears in his eyes, he was about to walk away when Yuki gently grabbed his arm.

"Brat. I had longed forgiven you." Yuki said. Shuichi turned to him surprise.

"Y-You remembered me." He said, crying all over again. He didn't know whether to jump on him or stay where he was, he didn't know what to do next. So he stood there, crying, calling out his name over and over again.

Yuki pulled him in an embrace, "Come here. I have ached for so long to touch you." He said, and when the younger man landed on him, Yuki showered his face with kisses, both of them crying uncontrollably now, crying and laughing at the same time. Kissing, hugging and touching each other hungrily. Their need for each other escalating to heights unknown. The he said his name, it has been so long since he heard it from those lips. Their time together Yuki never called him by name, he is either hey or nothing at all.

Hours later. After a night of heated passion, "Did you know that I was wishing for you ever since the day I came to France?" Shuichi said, smiling under the crook of Yuki's arm.

"I never knew why I really went away, I never thought I would longed for you so much. But it was already too late to go back, you have hurt me so much." Yuki said, quietly.

"I'm so sorry Yuki. You were always there, always at my side. That I overlooked you, or I was too confident of myself that no matter what you would always be there. I had put you so close to me, that I forgot that you were right in front of me all along." Shuichi said.

"Thank you." Yuki said, smiling, his wish finally complete, Shuichi admitted his long time mistake.

"You're welcome." Shuichi said, and leaned over him, "But you missed a spot." He said, and leaned over and kissed his new-found husband. When he felt the returned heated passion, his lips curved into a smile against his, "Much better."

"I haven't been able to find my balance since I left you. There is a feeling that is something is missing when I left. Not until I saw you at the café, I couldn't believe my eyes, that it was all surreal." Touching his pink hair. "There you were, my life….the meaning of my life. You know how I am but you came for me. You tried to find me."

"I could never be complete without you, Yuki." He said.

They talked all night until they ran out of things to talk about. They planned to go back home, but not until later. They are starting a new life now, a new chapter in their lives. So they planned a honeymoon in an unchartered place in Paris….Shuichi's apartment. (hehe) Where love has once again blossomed to unexpected proportion.

Shuichi had taken everything away, the hurt, the pain...the emptiness that threatened to consume him. All of it gone, with just his kisses, his embraces, the touch of his skin on mine. Everything is clear now, like the smile on his face as Yuki make their bodies one. Yuki felt an ache in his chest, I love this person so much that sometimes I can't breathe. I never thought love could be that way. I never thought that love could completely make me whole just being with Shuichi.

"Mine." I whispered at the crook of his neck. "All mine." I said, possessively. And as bodies touched, so did the rings on our finger, a promised that sealed our love, a circle that completed us and made us whole…and one.