When my Master is not with me, he often gives me homework. His instructions range from being very specific to rather vague. Last week, for example, the instructions one day were to play with myself for 30 minutes, I could use toys, but was only allowed to cum once, in the last minute. Another day, I could cum as many times as I wanted to, but each time would turn into ten lashes that evening. Whereas some days he just tells me to look after myself. If I fail to carry out my homework there can be punishment, not always, but usually there is. He knows that I enjoy the spankings so sometimes the punishment is that he doesn't touch me at all, or denies me an orgasm right at the last moment. On days without any specific homework I miss him even more so and I would be lying if I said anything other than that my urge to please him is a powerful drive. So that's how I started writing about us. This is actually quite a funny, almost circular turn of events because he introduced me to kink through stories. Writing has always been one of my main forms of processing and deep life changes like the dynamic that has and is still developing between us cannot go unprocessed.
One day he came home and I shyly told him that I had been writing. I felt much more insecure about it than I had expected but of course I wanted his approval so I pushed myself and told him. He asked to see what I'd written down and was very pleased with his girl, indeed. Since then he has incorporated writing our stories into my regular homework tasks. These stories are little snapshots, small windows into our daily life.

a Wednesday in January, afternoon
He had come home from work looking tired and headed straight to the sofa. I had messed up my timings and was still prepping lunch for him to take tomorrow. I had wanted to be finished by the time he got back, and to be sat waiting for him like a good sub. But here I was still absorbed in my cooking when all I wanted was to make him feel good after a long day. I silently cursed myself and got on with it. At least he would have delicious food tomorrow. As soon as the last sweet potato pattie was out the pan I hurried to the sitting room and kneeled by his side. He had his feet up on the sofa and hadn't even bothered taking off his shoes.
'Shall I take off your shoes, Sir?'
'Hmm' the grunted response came.
I started fiddling with the laces. I loved those shoes, smart but playful with their dark purple laces and blue edge. Those kids at school were lucky, calling him 'Sir' all day long. I thought enviously.
He had his hand on my head and was softly playing with my hair. I moved in closer, I had been waiting all day to feel his touch. He had started setting me homework now that we couldn't see each other all day and today's task had really turned me on. He had sent me a story to read and told me to take the time to play with myself and I was even allowed to cum. I had definitely made the most of his generosity and had installed myself in front of the big mirror with several toys and the story to get me going. About 40 minutes and four orgasms later I decided I should probably start making this lunch I had planned to surprise him with.
Now, kneeling by his side, I wanted to return the favour but he seemed uninterested. So we just sat and I told him about my day and the other bit of homework he'd given me. Research some new spreader bar positions. I started showing him what I'd found and felt his hands on my ass. Maybe he was up for some fun after all. He pulled me onto his lap and asked me how many times I'd cum that afternoon.
'Four... I think.' I said, avoiding his eyes. I knew it was excessive.
'Four times?! Did you deserve that babygirl?'
'Maybe it was three.' I muttered.
'Oh, maybe it was three now? Actually it was 20, I bet.' He knew how much I loved to cum. I was his little cum hungry slut after all, and not just hungry for his cum. He pushed me off his lap.
'On your knees.'
I got on my knees and rested my head between his legs. He undid his belt and trousers. His cock promptly popped out. I sighed, a happy sigh. I love his gorgeous dick so much. I ran my tongue up and down his length a couple of times to get him nice and wet and then took him carefully in my mouth. But 'careful' was not what he had in mind. He started fucking my mouth, pushing hard into my throat. Our eyes locked as he pushed until I gagged. He pulled out, pushed me away slightly and stood up. I stayed in my kneeling position as he completely removed his trousers and bent over me from behind.
His left hand grabbed my tit as his right pushed my face into the sofa cushions. Once he knew I would stay where I was his right hand went down to his cock which he started stroking up and down my pussy. So wet from sucking him off. He pushed harder, teasing my opening.
'Is this what you want? My dick inside you?' He leaned over and whispered in my ear.
'Yes, Sir, it's what I've been waiting for all day.' I breathed heavily.
'Good.'
And he pushed inside me in one smooth stroke. With my body folded over the sofa he could really fuck me, hard and fast. He moved his hand down to my clit and started tapping and rubbing but whenever I came close he pulled his fingers away and pushed my face harder into the sofa. I knew he would not allow me to tip over the edge as I had indulged myself so many times today. Instead he pounded me until I thought I couldn't take any more. My knees were rubbing on the rough carpet and would surely look grazed but I didn't care, as long as he was getting what he wanted I would be happy.
'Get up.'
I heaved my hot wet mess of a body off the sofa that I had just been hammered into.
'On the floor.'
I crouched down in front of him, facing away, on hands and knees. His firm hand on my slightly arched back. I was getting into a habit of sticking my ass out whenever he had a stern voice. Waiting for a spanking. Instead he pushed, until I was face down on the cold floor.
'Is that where you belong?'
'Yes, sir.' I mumbled into the wooden floorboards.
'Indeed it is. Good girl.'
I shivered as his hands ran down my back and suddenly pushed my legs further apart. His rock hard cock entered me again, easily. He didn't bother starting out slow and quickly picked up the pace until he was properly pounding me again. I couldn't help but moaning and grunting each time he bottomed out and squashed my tits into the floor.
'Oh quit your whining, I know you can take it, you're my good little slut.'
I bit my lip and was quiet as he continued fucking me in his deliciously rough way.

a Saturday in January, late morning
'Smells good, baby.'
His hand latched firmly onto my waist as I was stirring the tomato sauce for tonight. He spun me around and pressed my body against his, I could feel that he was getting hard immediately. I wondered what he had been thinking about. Around again, followed by a short sharp slap on my ass. I giggled as I felt the kegel balls inside me jiggle in response.
'Why are you giggling, babygirl?'
'Nothing' I said unconvincingly. I had put the little weighted balls in this morning without asking permission.
'You can't just giggle and then not tell me why, can you?'
'No... Sir'
'So?'
'I put the balls in this morning, Sir.'
'Ah, did you now?'
Silence
'Good girl'
I swallowed a sigh of relief and then gasped as he spanked me again.
'That's for not answering me straight away.'
He slowly walked his fingers along my waist and stopped at my belt buckle.
'Let's feel how wet this little pussy is, shall we?'
He knows very well a slap on my ass usually gets the juices flowing.
Without waiting for a reply he unclasped my belt and yanked my trousers down. He plunged his fingers straight in and made a satisfied sound. He then moved on to lightly teasing my clit and occasionally gave the rubber tail sticking out of my pussy a little tug. A jolt went through me with every tug and I now had to squeeze hard to keep the slick little balls into my ever wetter pussy.
His other hand had found its way to my still covered breasts. He ground his erection against my ass and gave the jiggling balls inside me a final, firm tug. They promptly popped out and he dangled them in front of my face. Before I even had the chance to turn my head and look at him he briskly shoved them into my mouth. The little golden balls were warm and tasted of my pussy. I always loved tasting my pussy on his fingers or dick so this of course turned me on even more.
He undid his own trousers and bent me over, my hands on the kitchen counter. He pushed past my pants and slid his hard cock into my wet little pussy. Always ready for him. His voice is enough to turn me on. My moan was stifled by the balls in my mouth. He started fucking me right there, in front of the kitchen window. With each hard thrust the balls rocked and jiggled in my mouth. I must have looked like I'd eaten a mouse, its tail dangling out my mouth. I didn't care, all I cared about was his dick inside me. A hand on my breast again. I quickly unbuttoned my shirt with one hand while supporting myself with the other. He grabbed and squeezed my right tit so hard I nearly crashed into the kitchen worktop. A couple more strong strokes and suddenly he pulled out, without warning, without cuming.. In two swift motions he eased the balls out my mouth and slid them back into my pulsing hole. He pulled up my trousers and as I turned to face him he pushed me down onto my knees. I knew what was expected of me. I licked all my wetness off his cock and finally popped him in and out my mouth to make sure he was clean.
'Good girl.'
I looked up to see if he wanted me for anything else but he turned away and left the room. I was desperate for more but knew I had to wait. I straightened up my shirt again and went back to stirring the now bubbling tomato sauce.