Haley’s Study Group
by EufFanatic

Life after her first day mishap, teaching those boys did not get easier for Haley. Her ass was still hurting a week after the spanking incident which meant that she had to do her best not to sit down or put pressure on it, until it healed. Even then they still had the pictures of her with out her skirt which meant that she could never get them in trouble when they were disrupting her and her lessons. She would try to threaten them but all they had to do is pull up a picture of her in her thigh high stocking and her red leopard print panties and that would shut her up very quick. They would do anything that they liked, randomly swat her butt as she passed by their desks or even lift her skirt to see what kind of underwear she was wearing that day. She did her best to make sure that she was never wearing her most embarrassing panties while she taught but that still did nothing to keep her from getting embarrassed.

One night she was meeting with all their parents because their kids were failing her course. She did her best to make sure that she still believed that they could still pass but they need to start putting more effort in while they were not at school. Her idea was that they could form a study group, and that might start making their grades go up. All the parents agreed but couldn’t figure out who would host their study group, until one of the parents spoke up to Miss Haley. “Would you agree to host the study group? Then if they still don’t get the material, they could just ask you for help.” Haley started thinking about this, she really didn’t want to spend more time with their boys and replied, “I don’t think that I have enough time to host this study group.” The parent replied “please! You must help our boys pass. I think that we all would be willing to pay you to host this study group. How about 500 dollars per study group session?’” Haley was taken a back by the number that they were going to be willing to pay. She was still wondering if she wanted to put herself through it though. She reluctantly agreed because the money was too good to pass up and was going to host the group next Saturday.

That next Saturday, Haley was in a huge rush. Her work out at her gym went way longer then she had expected. She had to quickly get ready because the kids were going to be at her place in an hour and her workout left her soaked from her own sweat. She quickly stripped off her sweaty clothes as soon as she got into her house and shoved all her clothes into her gym bag on her way to the shower. She quickly got out of the shower, quickly pulled out a pair of underwear (Didn’t even know which ones she put on), dressed in a blue blouse, a loose flowing black skirt, black nylons and pulled out the first black heels she could find in her closet. As she was looking for her heels, she heard her doorbell ring and raced down as soon as she could. When the last boy arrived, the parents left and Haley now alone with the boys. She turned to them and saw them all crowded around one of the boy’s phone watching a video. Haley tried to get their attention, “Alright boys lets get started. What problem have been giving you the most trouble?” Alex was the one to speak up, “First you need to see this video.” Haley reluctantly walked over to the phone and saw what was playing. She was horrified! It was a video of her being spanked by her entire class. She saw herself laying across Alex’s lap, with one thigh high stocking on, the other stuffed in her mouth, her red ass in the air with her red leopard panties on with “Wild Thing!” written across her butt cheeks. Her face went beet red again and started to relive the day all over again. Alex’s voice snapped her out of her trance. “If you don’t obey us today, this will get posted all over the internet and we will make sure everyone in school gets an email of this video.” She was still in shock; they must have been saving this for the right time and now its here. Haley had no choice but to agree and submit to them.

“Now what?” She asked them. They replied in unison, “We are going up to your bedroom!” But before they left for her room, Alex spoke up “But first we’re are going to hand cuff you, so that you don’t think about doing anything stupid.” They lead her up to her bedroom and to complete her captivity, they tied a rope to her handcuff and tossed it over one of her low hanging ceiling beams. They pulled the on the rope until her hands were above her head and she was slightly on her tip toes. Now that they had her tied off, they went straight to her dresser drawers. They ripped open every drawer until they found her underwear drawer. All Haley could do was watch in horror as they started pulling out all of her panties and laughing at them. She heard all sorts of comments, “Remember these purple ones with the flowers, she wore them last week!” “Look at these ones…… They are completely see through. They wouldn’t cover anything!” “These ones look like they belong to a little girl!” The boys were loving it and Haley was getting more humiliated by the second. Alex came over and commented, “What’s wrong Miss Smith? Do you not like us looking through all your girly underwear?” Haley just kept silent. “Don’t worry, I can fix that!” Claimed Alex. And he grabbed one of Haley’s bigger black pairs and pulled it down over her head and said, “There! Now you can’t see us looking at your skimpy underwear!” Haley couldn’t see a thing and she hated it! She couldn’t see what they were doing and what they might do to her.

After a while the boys got tired of going through her underwear and wander over to their teacher. The room was silent until one of them asked, “What should we do with her?” Haley hated hearing those words but knew she could do nothing. Alex voice was the one she heard next, “We should see if we can make her dance for us.” “I am doing no such thing!” Haley stated. “Well if you won’t do it for us, we will have to make you!” said Alex. Haley started to panic because she had no clue what that would mean for her. She then felt her heels being slid off her feet. Now that they were off her feet, her toes could barely touch the floor and she could hardly keep her balance. All of a sudden, she felt fingers on her feet and the sides of her stomach. They started tickling her!

Haley started to thrash about, kick and jump around. She must have been putting on a good show because they were laughing at her. But what she didn’t know what was also happening, was that one of the boys carefully undid her skirt and let drop to the floor. Once the skirt was on the floor, they all stopped and took in the view. Haley was catching her breath and was very thankful that they stopped. She probably would be horrified to know that she was skirtless before her students, once again. The boys were drinking in the sight of their teacher again being in only her black sheer pantyhose and her panties from the waist down. Haley’s panties were probably her most humiliating pair. They were white with pink scalloped boarders around her waist and leg holes. But what made it more embarrassing was that they had pink hearts all over them. The boys had to restrain themselves from totally bursting out with laughter.

All Haley could hear was snickering. She was puzzled at what could be so funny. The pantyhose did nothing to hide her embarrassing panties from her students. Alex decided to finally end the silence, “Miss Smith, you must really love hearts!” Haley was puzzled. “What could he mean by that?” she thought. After for more puzzling moments, it finally donned on her. She never saw them pull out her heart panties, she must have been wearing them! She shrieked in horror and then noticed that her skirt was gone! She did her best to try to cover her humiliating underwear but all she could do was cross her long sexy legs. It did nothing to hide them. “Well I don’t think we need those panties on her head anymore.” Said Alex. He pulled them off and as soon as he did Haley noticed that they had all their camera’s out and filming her humiliation. “Please stop this! I don’t want to get you all in trouble! If you don’t there will be serious consequences.” These were Haley’s best threats. They did nothing to help her situation. “I liked it better when she was silent.” One of the boys complained. Alex told them that he would take care of it.

He saw her gym bag in the corner of her room and got an awful idea. He rummaged through it until he found what he was looking for…. Haley’s panties that she worked out in earlier today. He started laughing when he pulled them out and held them out so they could all see. Haley was super embarrassed when Alex held out her work out panties, they were electric blue and when he turned them around, they read “This is why I squat!” across the ass. The boys almost died from laughter and Alex walked over to their bound teacher, balled them up and shoved them into her mouth. He then commanded one of the boys to bring one of her thigh high stockings from her dirty clothes hamper. They took the stocking and tied it around her head to keep the panties in her mouth. Her panties were still damp from this morning workout and Haley was wishing that this day was over.

One of the boys broke her train of thought “I want to see her boobs!” Haley’s eyes went wide as saucers. The boy strolled over and grabbed the front her blouse and pulled it apart! Buttons went flying everywhere and now they could her white lace bra! But that wasn’t good enough they grab scissors and cut away the rest of her shirt. All that was left was getting her bra off and they could see their teacher’s bare breasts. Alex walk to the front and slide the scissors in between both cups. Haley was now screaming into her dirty gag, hoping that they would stop. She finally heard the scissors cut and her boobs burst out for the boy’s enjoyment. They jiggled for a few moments and all was silent. Haley wanted to die but nothing would release her from this nightmare. Then all the boys walked over and started touching her breasts.

The touching was light at first but as it went on, they got bolder and started really getting into it. They cupped them, squished them, pulled on them, pinched the nipples and even flicked them. While they were doing this, they were totally unaware that Haley was getting turned on from the boys groping her breasts. All these different thoughts came flooding through Haley’s mind, “This is so humiliating.” “This feels so good.” “Pinch harder!” “Stop it! You are not supposed to be enjoying this!” The last thing that Haley wanted was for her students to find out that she was getting turned on and was starting to love the position she was in. She started love that she was in this humiliating position and that couldn’t control what was happening to her. Soft moans were muffled by her gag and now her hips started to gyrate. Her legs started to rub together as her heart panties were getting wetter by the moment. One of the boys moved behind her and started playing with her ass which lead her to moan louder. All of a sudden, her crotch brushed up brushed up against one of the boy’s legs and left a wet stain on his jeans. The boy shouted, “Hey! Her cotch is all wet! She must be liking this!” Haley felt humiliated all over again, as they found out that she was really aroused. All the boys stopped what they were doing and stood in disbelief. Alex spoke up, “Do you like what we are doing to you?” Haley regretfully nodded. “Are you our naughty little girl?” Red faced she nodded again. As she nodded Alex reached into the front of her pantyhose and gave the waistband of her panties a couple tugs. When her panties pressed against her sweet spot, she let out a bigger moan then she meant to, and that meant all of the boys heard. Alex spoke again, “Looks like our teacher feeling naughty and we need to make sure she has some release!”

Those words turned on Haley even more and she let out another moan. Alex started to direct the boys on what they were supposed to do. Six boys surrounded her; Haley had no clue what was going to happened next, but her body couldn’t wait. First two of the boys in front of her started pinching and massaging her breasts, and soft moans came from their teacher. Haley then started to feel a strange sensation. Her heart spotted panties were slowly being pulled up her ass checks by one of the boys in the back. All of a sudden, it stopped and then they started being pulled the other way against her clit. The pressure and friction created by her underwear rubbing against her clit and asshole was driving her crazy! The pulling on her panties got slowly faster as they went. The final boy stated to spank her now pantyhose clad ass cheeks, lightly at first but the more he spanked her the more they started to sting. Since they began, Haley’s eye were closed so that she could concentrate on all of the erotic feels that were happening to her. She moaned load and hard continuously in the panty gag in her mouth, continued to sink her hip down while gyrating into her panties and thrusted her ass out further to be spanked harder. She completely lost herself in all of her erotic pleasures. This went on for a long time until she suddenly started to tense, and all of her muscles went rigged and this was the sign to boys that she was just about to orgasm. The two in front pinched and twisted as hard as they could, the two tugging on her girly panties pulled as hard as they could and the boy spanking her swatted her ass hard as he could. Haley finally came and moan loader then ever. And her entire body went limp and she was quite a sight, clad only in her heart underwear and pantyhose. Her breasts were now red from the messaging and her nipples sore from all the pinching and twisting. Her panties were now above her belly button and halfway up her back, wedged between her toned butt cheeks. Her ass cheeks were so red that the pantyhose did nothing to hide the color. When Haley finally opened her eyes, her face became as red as her butt cheeks. A camera was right in her face. They had captured the whole thing on video and in pictures. They had more humiliating blackmail on her. “At least its all over.” Haley thought. That’s when Alex leaned in and whispered in her ear, “We are not even close to being done with you yet.”
