TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  APR  2011 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(CUCK, M+/F, MM, MF,  Impreg,  FemDom, Lite MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Title: CDE-2010-8C:  Phantomville Vol. 10:  Wife Protection Ordinance  Part 3
Author: C.D.E.

PREFACE:  This is a story - more like an autobiography - of  an anonymous husband whose fate it seems, has doomed him to be forever a cuckold and hopelessly subjected to the control of his voluptuous but assertive wife, as well as his dominant mother and mother-in-law.  And with him also a resident of the  city of Phantomville, there is no telling what he can look forward to in a city that is known for its variety of unique experiences, especially for cuckolds.

CONTINUATION OF THE INTERESTING EXPERIENCES OF AN ANONYMOUS CUCKOLD:
==================================PART 3 ============


CHAPTER  8: PASSING MY WIFE'S TEST OF TRUE LOVE

	If you recall readers,  I previously said that my wife always said nothing about, and never volunteered,  any information about the messy state of her obviously used, well fucked snatch, when she straddled and plopped her wet drippy pussy on my face for attention - that is, after coming in from her many dates with her many different men friends,  over the years of our marriage.

	It was also the same way when her abdomen started to swell.  Generally, she would tell me, after her bulge was pronounced -  it was obvious she was pregnant.  And then she would give me a warm passionate kiss and congratulate me on becoming a "daddy" once more.

	The second time she made this announcement to me, it was a wee bit less anguish for me, but basically  she was letting me  know that of her great emotional love for me, that love didn't include letting me make babies with her, only to help her raise and provide for them. 

	I had always wondered why she and her folks wanted me to sign that  prenuptial agreement stating that all children born of our marriage would legally be considered sired by me.  Oh well that's life.  I chucked it up to experience and that I was once again taken for a ride that I didn't count on.

	The first time my wife came to me and placed her hand on her swollen tummy, while congratulating me, I was of course emotionally hurt, but suffered in silence. 

	As was usual for me, I went along with my cunning wife's program, but kept my mouth shut and didn't say what was really on my mind.  Love makes one do the strangest things.  Well, that and having a controlling mom, who I know wouldn't let me leave my wife anyway.

	Plus, my wife had told me many times too, that I shouldn't ever think of leaving her, because no matter where I ran off to, she would find me and get me back.  To have such a beautiful woman tell poor nerdy me something like that, in such strong words,  I couldn't help but feel special.  But to some extent, I felt terrorized and even held captive to her.  If you remember, she'd threaten to beat me if I thought of leaving her. 

	However, for the love that my wife was offering me, there was a price to pay.  And there's no doubt I've been paying my dues every since falling heads over heels in love with her. To make matters worse, I knew I loved her too much to leave her, despite the rather appalling manner in which she's treated me each and every year of our marriage.

	I had come to the conclusion that my hoping for her to change some day, was more of a pipe dream and also represented a masochistic streak in me that apparently ran deep.  Having said all that, I do have to  say I can't help but admire my wife's intellect as well as her good looks, and warm personality - which she can turn on and off.  And notwithstanding my abject treatment at her hands,  I came to the conclusion, I would miss being a part of her life.  I guess it's my fate to accept and persevere in experiencing the type of true loves she deems I'm worthy of receiving.   And apparently, she is not alone, since she gets full support and encouragement from my mom and her family.

	Every since we have been officially engaged, mother reminded me, or it's better to say warned me, to come talk to her before accusing my fiance, and now my wife, of doing something that might be perceived as an inappropriate action in our relationship. 

	Through many talks, mother was able to convince me that my promiscuous, and really slutty, wife, had not really done anything really improper by dating or having wanton sex with other men before and in our marriage.

	I just knew mother would agree with me that my new bride had crossed the line of impropriety when she came to me pregnant that first time.

	I knew mother really liked my new bride, and it seemed that my wife, just as before we were married, could do no wrong in mother's eyes.

	Despite my utter and abject humiliation at the hands of my new bride, because of my deep feelings for her and her beauty, I did as mother desired of me.  That is, not to be selfish.

	"Dear son, as I've told you before, true love is the unselfish expression of adoration of one person for another.  If you love her as you say, and see her as the dream girl you've always desired, then you'll accept her as she is.  Sure, she likes to sleep around, and now has even brought you more than just some other man's cum home in her pussy for you to suck out.  But you should see this as her just giving you another opportunity to further show her that your love is indeed unselfish  and that your pride is not as important as being there for her, no matter that she desires you two to raise another man's baby as yours."

	Mother had convinced me to not see it as all that embarrassing to be the daddy of the baby, even if the baby looked nothing like me in the least - which was the case.   I went through so much embarrassment because of that too, but it was not in me to not love 'our' child any less and became very fond our new family addition.

	 When my wife presented me with her second pregnancy, which I knew couldn't be mine either, I again went to mother for her sage advice.  This second time she was empathetic, but not as warm and compassionate as the first time.  

	"Dear, you must see this as just another chance to be the good husband you have shown her and her family you can be."  I walked away from her that time with the implied message that I should stop my whining and be a good husband as my wife expected of me.
	
	"And son, I don't want to hear from her you are not showing her any less affection than with her first pregnancy, especially you kissing her swollen belly every day."  I softly and meekly assured mother that I would perform the morning ritual that my wife had started me doing with her first pregnancy.

	Well with that bit of past background from our marital history, I want you readers to know that  recently,  after all these 15 years, she finally, and without any warning to me, volunteered to talk about those subject that she really has never been open about to me - namely her having sex with other men and her being inseminated with our kids.

	  That was quite a shock to me in itself, but where she chose to do it also stunned me. 

	We were having a family type breakfast at our house - which I'd cooked.  It was only her,  me,  my aunt, and my wife's parents .  The kids had spent the night at my mother's house and we were not to pick them up until later in the day.

	It was out of the blue that my wife spoke out.

	"I'm so delighted that you all are here, especially you mom and dad.  And even though my husband's mom can't be here at this moment, I consider you an equal stand in."  Said my wife as she looked directly at my aunt.  My aunt whispered a 'Thank You" and nodded her head smiling.

	My wife continued.

	" I want you all to be a witness to me letting my sweet adorable husband know how much I love and appreciate him.  And that I'm very proud to let him know he has passed my test of love over all these years, with a very high score.  An A plus in fact."

	Naturally, I was pleased to hear my wife's accolades for me and I'm sure I might've even blushed at her surprising announcement.  However, what she said next was directed at me and I thought should've been reserved to a private conversation,  just between she and I.

	"Darling,  I knew you were the right husband for me after I got to know you, and especially so after meeting your family.  You were so fortunate to have such a wonderful mom, who raised you just to be the type of husband I needed."  My wife said with a beaming smile.

	She went on to tell me how we were so compatible.  Her being outgoing, and me unpretentious and an introvert.  She stressed that while she has a weakness for sex with handsome "pussy hounds" she knew she would not be happy having a husband who was a so called "real man",  but rather she needed a husband  like me, who really cared more for her as a person, more than just a beautiful body and a juicy cunt.

	"Darling, I tested you in what some may say was a very horrible way, but actually, it was just right, and, really what you needed.  I'm proud that because of me, you were  transformed from being a shy, nice sweet mama's boy, into a confident,  cocksucking, cunt eating, dick taking, cum sucking cuckold, and of course the sweetest husband a wife could have.  Not only are you a model husband, but when you have misbehaved, you take your punishment so well too."

	I squirmed when she mentioned that word - 'punishment'.  For I have been  concerned all throughout our marriage that she seemed to get too much pleasure out of putting me on that whipping stand of hers, for the slightest infraction of her rules.

	My wife continued expressing her accolades for me.

	"You just don't know how happy all this makes me.   And you said nothing, night after night as I fed you the ejaculate of better endowed men.  I knew when you eventually discovered what you were eating when I came in from my dates and insisted on riding your face.   Yet, even after knowing I'd been fucked by better men, you said nothing, but did the right thing and put your mouth to better use than questioning or confronting me.   

	"You just don't know how joyous it is to me to know I can come home after being  thoroughly fucked, with a dripping, sloppy, used pussy, and have you suck my draining jism soaked twat and not hear you say a word about my behavior, but have you submissively do your duty and drink down the fuck juices of bigger dick men.

	" And even when you really need some bad, and your little boner is throbbing and aching for relief, you don't mind beating your meat while I watch, that is if I'm in the mood to unlock your little electronic cock collar.  I felt pity for you many nights when I wasn't in the mood, and you had to go to sleep with blue balls and your prick all hard and straining, but could do nothing but suffer, after giving me such a suck satisfying  eat out.  But as you know you should, you didn't say a thing, but accepted it all as a good husband like you, should do. 

	"And honey, when I do let you put it in on your birthday, you obediently put on your little rubber as you have done since we were married, and have yet to come in my pussy without wearing it, even after 15 years.  I'm also really so proud to say that every man that has fucked me, except you, has ejaculated in my juicy pussy, flesh to flesh.  Why when I deny you from putting it in without your rubber even when I'm already inseminated, you take it in stride without confrontation or causing a fuss.  These are exemplary illustrations of your boosting my kink and proving to me that your love for me, far outweighs your self-esteem.  Thank you so much darling, that means so much to me.

	 "And another thing my dear husband, I know I get almost as much pleasure from seeing you jack off - since that's how you routinely get off in our marriage.   It's so much fun seeing you handle yourself and shooting your stuff all over your hand, because I've denied giving you what  I've been giving my other men all night.  Honey, It takes an unselfish and courageous husband to put up with and accept all that.  It's another reason why I love you so darling and would never let you leave me.  I love you so much more and deeper, than I ever could the real men that  I date and get fucked by."

	"Here! Here!  Three cheers for you and a toast to the best son-in-law we could have for our little girl!"  Shouted my father-in-law as he held up his coffee cup.  My wife, her mother, and my aunt quickly toasted, as they all looked at me standing by with the coffee pot in my hand and, of course, wearing my  pinafore apron, that had become a sort of trademark for me when in the kitchen.

	I was still even more stunned at the candor of my wife's words and stood there looking at the group in wonderment as all eyes were focused on me.  Eventually, not knowing what else to do, and knowing that all present knew and accepted me for all my wife said I was, I hung my head, as I sheepishly acknowledged my wife with a whispered  "Thanks."

	I know many would see her expressions of admiration as a very left handed praise or even a very condescending put down.  However, as in our marriage, I have come to see things from my wife's perspective.  And in her eyes, it was indeed a highly flattering set of accolades of me meeting her expectations as a good husband.

	"And I have to add to that my dear daughter, you are to be congratulated for bringing us the perfect  son-in-law too."   Spoke my father-in-law.  "I never expected to have such a sweet cocksucking pantywaist pussy boy as a son-in-law, but I'm so glad you're part of the family son. "  He said unashamedly directing his rather lewd comments to me.  Again, I'd come to realize over the years, in his eyes he was being very complimentary and that he didn't see it as really casting serious derogatory dispersions on me either.

	"You have made your mother and me so proud of you dear.  We never thought you'd achieved what you have now.  Just look at all you've accomplished.  You have a beautiful wife and all those nice looking children.  And your mother and I always rave about the courage and strength you've exhibited throughout your marriage by showing  scores of real men, that you were not too good, or to proud to stand up to them, by going down on them and getting their respect with your mouth, or bending over to let them further respect you by pushing their big hard dicks in your ass-pussy."  My aunt added.  

	The sincerity of her praise and the fact that it was clear that she believed what she spoke, caused me to take a seat.

	"Yes, you two were made for each other."  Interjected my mother-in-law as she sipped her coffee and gazed at me.  "You both have so much in common.  For one thing, you both seem to get along well with big dicks  and  spurting jism.  And sweetie boy, not only do I appreciate the many wonderful times you've sucked my messy pussy clean for me, but also greatly appreciate you being there to take some of the pressure off me and pussy, by helping me with my always horny husband.  He just raves about your blow jobs and the way you take him up your cute ass-cunt."

	After some more chatter about my attributes as a great husband for my wife, my wife made another startling revelation that further excited the group.  But for me,  I felt like I'd been hit by lightning once more.

	"Congratulations again my boy.  Let's have another toast for the new mommy and daddy to be."  Shouted my wife's dad as responded to the news that my wife indicated she was in a family way again.

	Again, I knew I was not the real father, as did everyone else in the room, but who congratulated me anyway, which I and they knew, was only a means to further humiliate me.  My wife decided to add her own personal touch of humiliation as she called me over and lifted her top to expose her bare tummy, which had the slightest bump.

	"C'mon sweetie and show everyone how you like to kiss my tummy everyday I'm preggy."

	Sheepishly, and submissively, I  bent over and kissed my wife's exposed midsection, which I knew was carrying a baby put there by another man.  My shame was great, as this act was literally a public endorsement by me, her husband, of my wife's wanton slutty ways and my  willing acceptance of raising other men's babies as my own.
	
	I could feel everyone's eyes on me and as I raised my head.  All had smirking smiles, which told me they all were enjoying my plight of being utterly and totally shamed by my wife in such a quaint, and fully assertive  manner.

	As I tried to absorb all that had been revealed to me this day.  I didn't know what to think.  However, I was pleased that I had handily passed my wife's 15 years of testing me.  That was some small comfort to me.  Yet,  I still didn't know why she waited until now to make such a grand announcement of her satisfaction with me, or the upcoming 7th addition to our family - which I hoped would be our last.

	After everyone departed, my wife and I had another cup of coffee as we discussed our growing family and the addition in her womb.


CHAPTER 9: MY WIFE AND I TALK

	"D-Dear, I-I sort of wished that you and I were alone when you d-decided to have t-that open
 t-talk.  Y-You know I-I love you dearly a-and h-have learn to a-accept doing what you a-and your family d-desire me to do t-to make y-you happy a-and them s-satisfied with me.  Y-You know, t-to prove I-I'm worthy to be your husband."

	"Oh honey, don't sound so upset because of me praising you for just how good a husband you are.  After all, it isn't every wife that has a husband doesn't mind doing so many  sweet things to please his wife's kinks.  And it shows your courage and strength to do the things you have done to show your worth and love to me and my family.  

	"It takes a very strong husband to suck other men's semen from his wife's cunt all these years as well as to suck the dicks of the same men that have impregnated me all these times.  And yet you accept it all passively and without any real fuss.   And I must really praise you for being a surrogate cunt for my men when I'm all swollen up and can't put out for them.  I really adore seeing you letting them fuck your cunt mouth and ass cunt simultaneously.   That really shows dedication and devotion to your wife.  That's another reason why I love you so darling."

	"O-Oh dear, y-you know b-by now I-I don't mind b-being a cocksucker for you o-or l-letting your men friends, o-or your dad and his friends  shag me if t-that's the way t-they want to get off in me.  Anyway, I-I know y-you expect me to s-submit to them, s-so I-I do as t-they desire of me.  Y-You know I-I always want to please you a-and keep on the g-good side of y-your folks."

	"And I appreciate it sweetie.  It means so much to me to know you take those big dicks in your mouth and ass for me and let them fill you with their pent up hot thick slimy sperm.  And incidentally, everyone of them tells me they really enjoy fucking you too - in both your holes.  And like you've told me before, they all are heavy cummers and they really like how skilled you've become when they deep throat you honey, and how delightfully you swallow all their creamy hot spunk without gagging or choking."

	"Y-Yes, t-they do shoot off a lot.  I-I guess I-I've always b-been awed at how much they ejaculate, e-even from the time I-I started sucking t-their full loads from your pussy."

	"Yes, honey, you have eaten a lot of my men's cum from my snatch haven't you?  I guess we could say you've been cum fed all these years, can't we?  He! He!"

	I said nothing, but became red faced at my wife's efforts at making light of my being a cum sucker all these years.

	"You look so sweet and innocent darling when you're blush like that.  I remember you looking that way when you couldn't lie about liking me mounting your face and having you eat out my well fucked overflowing dripping  pussy.  I just love feeding you my draining cunt."

	"Y-Yes I-I know. "  I replied meekly as I thought about all the thick slimy curds I've sucked from my wife's very wet and messy cunt before and in our marriage.  She's  known for a long time I became hooked on the combination of her many studs' slimy jism mixed with the taste of her warm soft pussy meat and juice.

	"You know darling, we are so well matched.  I get so much pleasure and enjoyment from humiliating, ridiculing and making you sexually suffer, not to mention stripping away your manly dignity.  Especially  by insisting you do little things for me that no real man would even think of doing.  It's the only way I can love you.

	"And you return my love so sweetly by adjusting, adapting and accepting whatever I demand of you darling.  A wife couldn't ask more of a husband."

	"I-I really try hard to please you dear."  I answered softly.
	"Yes you do honey, and that means so very much to me.  I know many would say you're a masochist,  a faggot and my slave husband to do all the things I have required of you to prove your love for me.  But as you've been taught, you don't have to be a masochist to think and act like one.  And the same analogy holds true for playing the role of a faggot, because you know my family and I both like seeing you with dicks in your mouth and up your bottom."

	As we continued to talk she next brought up and praised me for the stamina I had in staying sexually abstinent for her.

	"SIGH!  Y-You know it really bothers me to suffer by having my prick and balls locked up all the time a-and only b-being allowed to get o-off when you h-have time for me t-to jack off for you.  B-But like you told me, if-if I truly love you, the pain and welts are true symbols of love."

	"Yes they are Honey.   I just adore lashing your bare ass.  You just don't know how much it thrills me to whip you and leave you all bruise and blistered.  That really shows your love for me to let me do that."

	"Y-Yes, I-I do love you dear, a-and y-your mom a-and dad were p-pleased and impressed t-that I I-I'm tough e-enough to take all your beatings a-as well as I-I do."

	"They are darling, and very, very proud for you being their son-in-law too." My wife said in a warm tone as she changed the subject back to our growing family.

	"You know honey,  I'm torn between Claude  or  Paul if a boy, and Claudia or Paula if a girl.  What do you think?"

	Her revealing that bit of information to me immediately let me know that she didn't know if the baby was sired by either Paul or Claude - two of her newest regular studs who have visited and taken her out several times over the last few weeks.

	To make matters worse for me, I remember sucking both their big dicks under the PWPO - several times.  

	As I sat there with my beautiful wife, who was once again pregnant by another man, I mentally sighed in wonderment about my state of affairs.

	After my wife basically brought out into the open all those things that she had chosen not to discuss before, but openly practiced, our marriage was basically now operating as if under a new world order - my way of putting it.

	Within a few days of her revelations,  not only has she  invited her men friends to openly pick her up at our house for dates, but also brazen enough to invite them in to share our bed  - with me in it.

	I am being coerced to endure even more abject humiliations as a husband, as she and her very well hung  men friends use me mercilessly as their sexual assistant.  It's the only way I can put it.  Each time I started to leave and go to the guest room or out to sleep on a couch, my wife would not hear of that, and ordered me back.

	As I've implied or said so outright, it's very difficult to not obey a wife if she has control over your balls and cock, as well as punishes you the way she does me if I seem uncooperative with her wishes.  Therefore, I did as I was told, while under the smug cruel smile of my wife's lover or lovers - sometimes there were more than one stud with us in our bed.

	It was very common for me to have my head near or under their coupled genitals, all the while using my mouth and lips and tongue to enhance their coital pleasure as I licked large hairy balls, cock, and wet drippy pussy all at once.

	Readers, as should be obvious to you by now,  I'm no stranger to hard throbbing dicks - after having had so many in both my mouth and ass - or mouthing a oozing slimy frothy messy well fucked pussy.  The difference now was that  I was experiencing them together, where before I usually had to only address or attend to them separately.

	Having been on the business end of so many dicks over the years of our marriage, I of course learned to have a healthy respect for the their owners and even came to have a great admirations for manly dicks and the volume of sperm so forcefully ejaculated in me.

	However,  I have to say that despite the utter humiliating position I was in, I gained an even greater appreciation of how inferior I was, compared to my wife's studs and their enormous robust stout tools after seeing them in operation, and so close up at that.

	Not only was I awed by the sexual prowess of her studs,  but I also by my wife's ability to accommodate their big dicks  with her many gyrations and humping motions.  I was not sure of what to think of my admiring how well my wife fucked other men - literally in my face.
 
	I'd concluded a long time ago, that I truly was a prisoner of love, and under the dominance and complete control of the one I loved. And while I had continued to persevere and be the husband my wife wanted me to be - and apparently my mother and my in-laws too - it seemed that my continually waiting for something to happen which would make me a more equal partner in this marriage, was more than likely, never to be. 

###-END-###

Comments?  ccwriter@hotmail.com
