Lisa Invisible
byJappio©

Chapter 01

Lisa was running through the park one summer day. It was hot and humid out, but earlier it had been raining, so there were still fresh puddles all over the ground. Lisa had been delayed by that very same rain, and was now out jogging much later in the day than normal. She hadn't suspected the sudden increase in warmth though, and hadn't dressed in her normal work out clothes. She felt that she was already beginning to sweat even though she had not been jogging very long. She got out the mirror she had with her, examined herself, and saw that she was indeed already sweating a good amount.

Lisa was 18, and had just gotten out of high school. She was a very cute young girl. She had light brown hair going down to her shoulders, which she had untied that day. She was a good 5'5", and she had a really nice athletic figure. She worked out regularly and so she was in good shape. She had firm breasts, which she was plenty happy with, even though they were only B-cup sized. Her wonderfully cute and bubbly butt would jiggle slightly as she ran. The tight jean shorts she was wearing were really showing off her cute butt and shapely legs.

The park was fairly active at this point. People were about doing various activities. Lisa was getting really tired really fast. The combination of the humidity and not starting the day off with her normal morning jog; had her "off her game". She wanted to keep pushing though, so she took a quick turn onto a wooded path, hoping to find it to be cooler.

She wandered on the paths until it seemed to end. She could make out various lesser paths splitting off from there. She felt adventurous and kept going down one of those lesser paths. It was hard to get through but soon she found herself a clearing. This clearing though wasn't all that clear. A large gray building stood there. She figured she had gone through the woods to the back of the research center in town. She didn't really care though, and she quickly ran behind it to hide in the shade. She sat down against the back wall of the research center, and started to cool off.

In the nearby window, she could hear some machine noises and some people talking about some high tech stuff. She started to finally catch her breath, and was about to leave, when she heard a loud zap noise. It sounded like a bolt of lightning crashing down right next to her. Suddenly everything became extremely bright, as a light shot from the wall and enveloped her.

When she opened her eyes, she saw a large hole in the ground right under her. She panicked thinking she would fall, but she didn't. She could still feel the grass below her. She went to put her hand where the hole was, but when she did, she couldn't see her hand. She really started to panic as she went on to discover that she was now fully invisible, just like the chunk of ground below her.

She then heard people at the window, in shock over this stunning occurrence. When she turned around, she could see right into the lab. It looked like the whole wall was a window now, but she could still only hear the noise from where the window had been.

She was now able to see into the lab, and she saw a whole bunch of people in science suits. Half of them looked really surprised; the other half looked pretty high and mighty. Standing there was a giant laser cannon, and all around it looked like a giant hole. It looked like a meteor had hit.

"Well gentlemen, as you can see we have done it."

"Astounding! I can't believe it! True invisibility!" The man said as he tapped his foot over the empty space on the ground. Getting his footing he walked out slowly, as if standing on air. "Look at this! The beam seems to have turned everything within a 20-foot radius completely invisible. You can see the dirt and everything. Look, you can see outside too. What a nice day!"

"Yes, but how long does this last?" One man asked the scientist who seemed to be the one in charge.

"I'd say about a good 8 hours, based on the test results we have. It also works on living things too we have found." He said pointing to a nearby empty cage. Suddenly though the wheel inside started to spin, as if something was actually on it.

"I think you men have made the greatest discovery in a long time." Another man said coming up and shaking his hand.

Lisa just now wandered away from the area. She looked down incredulously at herself. She couldn't believe that she was now invisible, and would be like this for another 8 hours. She then thought about all the things she could do. She could go trick little kids, steal from people, fight crime, or almost anything else she would like to do. She had found her way back into the woods now. She was so excited to do something, anything.

She got back to the normal path and she was sweating again. Although she couldn't see it, she could feel her shirt really starting to get annoying. She adjusted it and wanted it off. This feeling gave her an idea. Since no one could see her, and since this was going to last for 8 hours... She stopped moving and looked around. She was nervous. She didn't know if this was the best idea. Could she really just take her shirt off... in public? She slowly raised it up. She could feel it as it slipped past her bra. If she could be seen, now she would really be seen. She knew though that she wasn't able to be seen. No, she was perfectly fine. She then walked down the path. She felt a lot better now that her shirt was bunched up in her hand, instead of on her body.

She wandered the paths some more when she found a nice place to stop. She still was getting quite hot, but this time she was getting uncomfortable down below. She got butterflies in her stomach even thinking about taking her shorts off, even though she knew she was invisible.

She stood up and then began to play with the button on her shorts. Once it was popped open she slowly lowered the shorts down. She had them down past the bottom of her butt, and her pink panties - which matched her bra - were now exposed, or rather they would be if they were not invisible. Just then though she heard something in the nearby trees.

She let out a quick screech as she pulled her pants back up and began to run. Then she heard someone ask, "What was that?" She looked back to see a hiker looking around. He just looked left and right, never locking his vision on her. He then ignored whatever he thought he had heard and stopped to take a break. Not once did he take notice of her.

Lisa's shorts were still unbuttoned and slipping down her legs. She didn't know what to do now. She could tell though that she couldn't be seen. She then slowly started to continue to push her shorts down. She then stopped. "What are you doing?!" She thought to herself. She though couldn't come up with an answer. "Well... no one can see..." She said. She felt naughty. She felt scared. She was embarrassed, but she was also excited. She was thrilled, and she even felt a little horny.

She had her shorts down to her knees, then to her ankles, and then she stepped out of them. She was now standing in just her underwear, in the middle of the woods, in front of a complete stranger. She saw him just look around at nature, never her. She reached down, and feeling her shorts, she picked them up and carried them with her to a nearby tree. She put them down with her shirt and then went to lie down in the field.

Her heart was beating rapidly. She was still so nervous about all this. She couldn't really relax as she lied down. She kept her hand over the front of her panties. She couldn't help it. She kept watching this man as he sat down and started to relax.

Suddenly the man got up and reached into his bag. She watched as he pulled out a camera. She continued watching as he took it, and pointed it towards a beautiful flower and took a few pictures of it. He then moved and his camera suddenly jerked and started pointing right at her! She freaked, and she almost screamed. Surely, this guy must see her now!

Then she heard something behind her. A deer had snuck up behind her. The guy must have seen the deer. She then laughed to herself. She was now convinced that she truly was invisible. The deer seemed to be afraid. Maybe it could smell her. Without having sight of her though, it continued to graze in the grass behind her.

The guy looked amazed. He was lucky, to be able to see the deer there. He continued to look in that direction. Lisa then stood up. She was feeling crazy about all this. She knew she really was invisible, but standing there in only her underwear was stirring up so many feelings inside of her.

While she stood there, she began to move her arms up and down her sides. She would linger when her hands felt the material of her panties. She felt the contrast between the cotton of the panties and her exposed skin. She then decided it was time to leave the wooded area. She wanted to go somewhere else. She knew what she wanted to do.

She started to run out towards the path, when suddenly the deer freaked out. It probably had heard her move, and ran off. The guy let out a "Don't go." Lisa continued walking down the path. She then remembered that she left her clothes in the woods, but didn't care. They wouldn't be stolen anyway, because no one would be able to see them. She knew she wouldn't need them for hours.

Soon she was out of the woods, and back in the park where she had started her jog. In the forest the trees managed to keep the air calm, but in the open park she felt the wind hit her body. It moved across her arms, her legs, her stomach, her shoulders, and her thighs. She walked past some picnic tables, and then she passed by the jungle gym. She also walked by some people who were taking a walk themselves, albeit in more clothing than she was wearing.

Here she was in nothing but her underwear, but no one could see her. She could feel those butterflies again, but she kept on going. She thought about how crazy this was. She thought about how she had never done anything like this before and she wondered if she ever would be able to top it. She then stopped and realized that she knew how to top it. She took a hand and fiddled with the back of her bra. Would she really take it off?

She suddenly stopped when two college-aged guys walked by her. They took a seat on the bench right in front of her. She was scared by their sudden presence. If she hadn't been off the path, they probably would have bumped right into her. Just like the guy in the forest though, these two guys never once noticed her.

Her bra was now barely hanging onto her incredibly cute body. It had come undone in the back, and would fall off if Lisa made the wrong move. She thought about going and finding a place to hide, but why did she have to? Nobody could see her.

The boys were now staring into the large puddle on the ground. Something must have been fascinating them, perhaps the bug skimming across the top. Lisa reached for her bra and slowly pulled it off. She was pretending to do a strip tease now. She knew they couldn't see, but she couldn't help feeling excited by her own naughtiness.

Suddenly they looked up. She freaked, but when they looked around and went back to the puddle she figured that they must be waiting for someone. She had the bra in her hand, and her hand was at her side. She looked down and saw nothing. She almost wished she could see, just so she could believe it. The warmth of the sun on her erect nipples though, provided all the proof she really needed.

The guys were frequently looking up, but they never focused on her. She felt amazing. She knew though that she wasn't done. She dropped the bra to the ground, and she moved her hands over the sides of her panties. She couldn't stand to look at the guys. She turned around and stuck her butt out towards them.

She then slowly pulled at the elastic of her panties. She lowered them down and exposed the top of her butt to the air. She pulled them down a little lower, and then half her butt was being warmed by the sun. When she then pulled them a little lower, she felt the elastic slip off her cheeks. Her panties then made their decent to the ground on their own.

She clasped her hands to her pussy. She had nothing on. She was standing naked in a park. She was in front of guys she had never met. On her hand she felt wetness. Much to her surprise, all of this was turning her on. She slowly turned towards the guys. They weren't staring at her. She then slowly moved her hands, and clasped them to the inside of her thighs. She then slowly moved them across till they were resting at her sides. Then the full gravity of the situation hit her. She was now fully exposed. There was nothing touching her body.

She stood there for a moment. She could feel her heartbeat going a mile a minute. She placed her hands above her breast, and then led them down her body: Palming her nipples, tickling her sides, dipping over the belly button, rummaging through her pubic hair, rubbing her thighs, caressing her calves, tickling her toes. She was bent over and felt her underwear laying there. She picked them up and slowly stood up. The boys were still oblivious to her being there.

She didn't want to stand there anymore. Adrenaline was washing all over her body. She turned away from the boys, looked back, and ran off. She ran through the park. She loved the feelings she could feel. Her breasts and butt jiggled. Wind ran all over her. Her feet walked over the grass, and into the puddles created by the morning rain showers. All the feelings were so intense.

She slowed down as she was starting to get tired. She then lied down and relaxed for a few minutes. She felt so incredibly free. She had dropped her bra and panties a ways back. She figured she would just walk home without clothes, since she had plenty of time. She didn't care who would find the underwear when it became visible.

Chapter 02

She was invisible, naked, and had no consequences for it. She would think about her nudity and shiver, thinking of the vulnerability. Yet someone walking by not noticing her would only remind her she was fine that way, no one could see her. She felt invincible.

The grass below her buttocks tickled her. The sun was getting quite warm on her top. She had been sitting with her legs clamped together, still reserving some modesty. She thought it silly though and slowly spread her legs open, letting the sun shine in between them.

She then turned over and lied down on her stomach. Not only did her butt experience the sun, but she also felt her breast and pelvis meet the grass. She took in the feeling, as she gyrated her hips ever so slightly. She noted it wasn't even fully pleasurable, almost itchy. Yet the feeling was so unique and so amazing she had to keep doing it.

She figured with her invisibility she could do anything. She could even steal and do other serious crimes with little chance of being caught. She knew though that she could never do anything that morally wrong. She figured the best plan would be to walk around the town, and to take the long busy way home.

She slowly got up and walked off towards the exit. As she did she looked about. No one could see her. She even got so close to people as to walk up to their picnic table and stand really close to them. None of them noticed. The parents were talking about things going on at the office and the kids were horsing around. One of them was making faces into his spoon. He was obviously bored.

Exiting the park, she went down the side of the road. She looked around at all the people, the cars going by, people walking their dogs, and kids hanging out. She was completely surrounded by people, and fully naked. She then put her hand to her pussy.

With so many people around her, she was feeling nervous again. However, when no one paid any attention to her, she felt fine again. She moved her hand away from her pussy, but then put it back. She was shocked to find that she was dripping wet. Was she really liking all this that much?

Suddenly, she felt something hit her from behind. She fell to the ground and groaned. Then she felt something on her legs. When she looked back, she saw that someone had tripped over her. She was so shocked she screamed and crawled away.

The man who had fallen seemed really confused himself. He must have been walking along and didn't see her. He looked around trying to find the source of what he ran into and the scream, but Lisa was now long gone. She was really shaken up. She hadn't thought of the fact that people could still hear and feel her.

After running away from the man who had fallen over her, she slowed down and tried to calm herself, but before she could think another person bumped into her. This time it was only a light bump on the shoulder. She looked and saw the guy who had just bumped into her. He looked around trying to figure what he hit. He then reached a hand out to try feel for something. As he did, his hand grazed the side of Lisa's breast.

Lisa let out a scream and then instinctually brought her hand up and slapped the guy right across the cheek. The guy winced in pain; then looked around. He had just heard a scream from out of nowhere, and he felt as if he had been slapped. Lisa ran away from this guy before he could do any more feeling around.

Lisa now wandered around. She told herself that she should be a little more levelheaded. It really wasn't fair to slap that man, even if he had touched her boob. She placed her hand to the spot that he touched. Her heart pounded when she though about it.

The busy street was not easy. Every few moments someone would rub against her and look around confused. She felt things graze her sides, her arms, even her butt. All were accidental though, and she tried to stay calm.

A man on a bicycle was speeding near, and Lisa barely had a chance to get out of the way before she would have her feet ran over. Being invisible turned out to be hard work.

Lisa found a bench and decided to take a seat. She looked down and saw nothing. She again almost wished she could. She relaxed to catch her breath. Suddenly a woman walked by. She looked around and then suddenly sat down, right on top of Lisa!

Lisa was now being sat on, and she didn't like it. She quickly pushed the woman to the side. The woman herself was also really freaked out. She looked back and saw nothing, but when she reached her hand out, she felt something.

Lisa held her breath. The woman's hand was right on her stomach. She was frozen as this woman's hand moved up. Soon her hand was on Lisa's left breast. It lightly squeezed Lisa's breast, as Lisa let out a slight moan and closed her eyes.

She then remembered what was going on. She opened her eyes and saw this woman looking curiously towards the open space as she continued to feel Lisa's breast. Lisa's blood boiled. She was scared, confused, angry, a whole assortment of feelings. She just couldn't take it. Lisa pushed the woman off her as she stood up. She placed her hands in the wrong spot though, and now found herself holding the woman down, with both her hands on the woman's breasts.

The woman looked around wide eyed. She felt something on her breast and felt herself being held down. The woman let out a scream which caused Lisa to realize what she was doing. Now, scared of what was going on, she panicked. She clutched the woman's chest a little more, and then thought she should run away.

In her panicked state, she forgot to release the hold on the woman's chest. The woman's tube top was then pulled away from her and pulled down. When Lisa let go, the woman was left with her top all the way down to her stomach, her breasts exposed for all to see.

All the screaming had attracted the stares of many people. They all looked at the woman and her exposed breasts. They marveled at their round shape, C cup at least. She just screamed and tried to fix her top as she ran off.

Lisa also was gone. She was once again confused. She felt bad for how she reacted, and what she had done. Yet she was even hornier than ever. She knew it wasn't nice to expose that woman like that, but she liked it too.

She then saw some teenage boy standing by the road. Her mind raced as she thought of what she could do. She snuck up behind him and without warning tugged his pants and underwear down to the ground.

The boy was shocked as he looked down and saw what happened. As he quickly bent over to pick up his pants Lisa gave a quick swat on the guys butt. He gasped as he looked behind him. All he could see were the other pedestrians staring at him, too far away to have done it.

Lisa now was laughing uncontrollably as she continued onward. She now knew what she wanted to do. She scanned the area and saw a girl in a skirt talking on her phone. She ran up behind her and prepared for her trick.

She stooped down and looked up. She could see the woman's panties up her skirt. She looked around and then went for the attack. She shot her hands up the girl's skirt and grabbed the side of the panties. As the girl screamed, Lisa pulled the panties down to her ankles. The girl freaked at what happened and looked around to try and find someone. Lisa then got up and pulled up on the skirt's hem. She brought it all the way up to the underside of the woman's boobs. She was now completely exposed below the waist.

The girl freaked even more and tried to pull her skirt down. Lisa was determined though and kept it raised. The girl then reached behind her, and tried to grab the perpetrator. Her hands met with Lisa's backside. The girl screamed again as she looked behind. She could feel someone behind her, someone's bare backside, but she saw nothing. Lisa decided it was time to let go, who knows if the girl would have gotten violent. The girl merely gave up as soon as she won control of her skirt again, and went to retrieve her panties.

Lisa was having the best time of her life. Lisa was laughing. She knew she should stop, but she couldn't. Lisa then ran off laughing until she could find a place to calm down. She found her way into an alley and sat down, slowly settling down.

Lisa now was skipping. She kept on giggling as she thought of what she could do next. She found a woman and man standing next to each other. She then took her own hand and rubbed the woman's back side. The woman got all tensed and looked around. Seeing no one but the guy, the woman got really angry. She slapped the guy on the side of the face and stormed off, leaving the guy not really sure what happened.

Lisa was really enjoying herself. She felt wetness all over her thighs. Not only was this because of all her pranks, but this whole time she was walking around the town streets without any clothes.

Lisa walked down the road without a care in the world. At a nearby store many people stared blankly into the store window, looking at some new product. People were driving by in their cars, honking at each other. She remembered a certain shop on that street, one with someone she knew working there.

This store was an old antique shop, nothing special about that. Inside though worked the grandson of the old lady who ran the place, Lisa's boyfriend Alex. She and Alex were pretty close. They really hadn't gotten any farther than a little touching on the outside of their clothes, but were still pretty close.

She found her way around the store, which was horribly empty. Behind the register was Alex. He looked bored. He was sitting down and reading a magazine. It looked like no customers were going to be bothering him anytime soon. She snuck around and crouched behind his seat.

"Now, stay still, I'm not going to hurt you." She whispered into his ear. He freaked and was about to turn around to look, but she held his head in place. "I'm serious, you look, and I leave. I promise you; this is in your best interest." She said. He looked worried, but stayed looking forward. She could hardly keep herself from giggling, she was hoping though she could try and keep her voice disguised, so he couldn't tell it was her.

Ahead of her she could see in the small mirror on the counter the man's chest. He had a name tag that read "Alex". He didn't seem interested in actually working there, that's for sure.

She moved her hands slowly down Alex's sides, she didn't want him to see (or rather not see) her invisible hands, so she kept them out of his vision. She pulled up Alex's shirt. He started to breathe deeply. "Remember, don't look," she reminded.

She started to fiddle around with the belt. His stomach moved in and out in anticipation. Soon the belt was being undone. She undid the zipper of Alex's pants and weaved her hand inside them. Why was she doing this though? She wanted to test him, to see how far he would let it go. She couldn't hold it over him though, because she was playing dirty, but she wanted to try it out.

She was a virgin, and the most she had ever done with a boyfriend was a little feeling around, so this was about her limit. She rubbed his groin area, feeling around it. She could tell that Alex liked this, and that he was aroused. Alex was panting, but she reminded him not to look. She could hardly keep from giggling. Alex looked around nervously, making sure no customers were around.

Lisa stopped. Alex was about to look back, but Lisa stopped him again. "Don't worry, just keep looking forward." She assured him. She then took her breasts, and placed them against the back of Alex's neck. She pressed them against him. She was getting real hot now. "You like these?" She asked in another whisper.

"Ye... yes..." He said in a slight pant. Lisa didn't stop there. She took one of her boyfriend's hands and placed it on one of her breasts, using her hand to get him to start feeling them up. Alex almost turned around again.

"Just stay facing forwards." Lisa said to him. She was now getting even hotter. Alex's hand was kneading her breast, and it felt so good. She then took Alex's other hand and guided it to her butt. She couldn't believe what she was doing. Not only was she now naked in this public store, but she had her boyfriend feeling her up in that public store.

The hand on her butt then started to move across her side. She stopped to think about it. The last time with Alex, when he started feeling her pussy, she had started to feel unsure about all of it and ended it there. Now he was going to, but in a very public place. He was going to feel what only she ever did. He was going to feel how wet she was.

She couldn't stop him now. She was holding her breath. His hand rested on her thighs, then moved up and all around her pussy. She looked down and saw the hand moving over what appeared to be nothing. The hand grazed her pubic hair, and started to play with it a bit. She let out a slight sigh. His hand then moved down. It was now moving around her lips, which were wide open, and dripping. He had picked up a lot of wetness. The other hand was still playing with her breasts, not ignoring them.

She let out a quiet moan. She forgot about all that was happening now. She looked around. She was in absolute bliss. She could feel herself reaching a climax soon. She clenched her eyes closed and started to moan louder. Suddenly though she heard a voice shout out "Oh shit!" and the feeling stopped. The hands had left her body.

Someone had walked in, and Alex stopped what he was doing. He thought he might have just been caught molesting some naked girl. Yet, he looked back to see the naked girl, and saw nothing. "Where the hell did she go?"

Lisa was able to regain her composure and was able to think of what she should do. She was so awfully close to an orgasm. She could do it herself, but she figured she wanted to have more fun. She went up to Alex; right next to his ear. "It was a load of fun, sorry we couldn't finish" She said in a giggle as she quickly ran. The person who walked in was confused at how Alex was reacting to everything, and the fact that his pants were open, much to Alex's embarrassment.

Lisa though was having second thoughts. She was also getting pretty angry. Yeah she was playing dirty, but she still couldn't deny the fact that her boyfriend just did some very erotic things with what he thought was another woman.

Chapter 03

Lisa was once again on the street. She was wondering what she could do to get her mind off of Alex. Nearby was a residential area. What if she went into someone's house? To be naked in a stranger's house would be crazy, she thought, but she didn't let go of the idea.

She then quickly ran towards the residential area. She picked the first house, a nice two story building. It looked liked no one was home. The front door was locked, but she didn't have a problem finding her way in through the back door.

She found herself in the kitchen, and decided she needed a quick snack. She knew stealing was wrong, but this was just a quick bite to eat. She found an apple on the table and started to munch on it. She then relocated herself into the living room, and lied down on their couch. She made sure to stretch out, so she could get the whole feel. She then looked over the imprint on the couch. She was loving being invisible.

She got up and wandered through their rooms. She found the bedroom and jumped on their bed. Suddenly though she heard someone enter the garage. She freaked and jumped off the bed and was about to make a run for it, but stopped. She remembered she couldn't be seen, so she didn't need to run away. Instead, she snuck out to see what was happening.

A man and a woman walked in. They were giggling to each other as they locked up and snuck into the hallway. Lisa had to move to the side to not run into them. They went straight to the bedroom. The man was going at her blouse as she went for his clothes in equal earnest.

This is when she realized though, this woman wasn't just anyone. She was Tina, Lisa's best friend since the 3rd grade. Lisa and Tina had shared their secrets, talked about everything, and they trusted each other with anything. Lisa assumed that this was that guy Tina had been talking about. Lisa knew that Tina was more 'active' with her boyfriend than Lisa was.

They were down to their underwear but they slowed down. The man had Tina sit on her knees on the bed. He got out a blind fold from the drawer nearby and wrapped it around Tina's eyes. He then told her to stay there and wait for her surprise, and to not take off the blind fold. He then snuck into the bathroom. Lisa couldn't believe it, she was watching in on some couple actually having sex, and one of them was her best friend. She though couldn't help but move into the room.

She snuck closer. What if she got involved? Tina wouldn't be able to tell that she was invisible, but that wouldn't fly with the guy. Then again what would she care if the guy came in and found his girlfriend with an invisible person? She couldn't get in trouble, and it would be hilarious. Yet there was the problem of Tina, would she be able to tell it wasn't her boyfriend. It was too late though; Lisa was already climbing onto the bed.

This was crazy. The two of them were very close, even at times sharing sexual secrets. Yet Lisa thought they were only friends, never anything more. Sure Lisa was curious of how it would be if they were 'closer', but of course she dismissed the idea all the time. Tina too though seemed to be just as curious as Lisa, but Lisa never could tell. Sometimes it seemed like Tina was trying to start something between them.

The first thing Lisa did was reach her arms around her and started to undo her bra. Lisa felt as if she was in someone else's control. Tina wiggled, a bit surprised by the sudden action. Lisa then moved a finger along Tina's shoulder to where her bra was still being held up.

"Who is this, this isn't my boyfriend!" Tina said quietly, unsure of what was going on.

"Oh well, I'm um." Lisa didn't know what to do, the fun was going to be over all too soon.

"Oh, I get what he is doing, we were just talking about trying some voyeur stuff and with a woman, he owes me then." She said coyly as she went to take off the blind fold.

"No don't, I'd like to keep this anonymous please." Lisa said quickly holding the blindfold over her eyes. Lisa's heart was pounding like mad. She almost felt guilty, tricking her friend like this. She decided though to try and not reveal her identity. Maybe one day Lisa would tell her. Tina would probably be the only one who would believe that Lisa was running around naked and invisible.

"Mmmm, sounds kinky." Tina said. Tina was the same age as Lisa. She had beautiful long blond hair, a fair complexion, and was a little taller than Lisa. Her breast were real nice and full, but not too large. Lisa had always admired Tina's beauty, and was always sort of jealous too. Many times Lisa had seen this woman in her underwear. She even recognized the current pair, a frilly pink set of bra and thong that was really cute. Lisa had also seen Tina in further states of undress, but never got a good long look or felt ok with staring. Would today be different?

Lisa didn't say anything, just kept focused on what she was doing. She slowly pushed the bra off of Tina's breasts, and rested below them. Lisa was so caught in the moment now. She never considered herself to like women, always denied any old sexual feelings towards Tina, but now was so different. She really didn't care that Tina was a girl, or that she was her best friend.

She moved her hand to the side of Tina's breast, and slowly traced around it with one finger. She slowly spiraled her finger until it was circling the areola. She then lightly touched the nipple, and then repeated the process on the other breast.

Lisa watched what she was doing to her best friend. She felt Tina's breasts heave as she breathed. She started to become more concentrated on Tina's nipples. They were pretty hard at this point, just like Lisa's had been all day. She removed the bra completely and continued to lightly touch the breast.

Just then Tina grabbed Lisa's hands and pressed them hard into her own breast. "Don't be so shy!" Tina commanded. Lisa then started to massage Tina's breasts, full palm, with both hands. Tina moaned slightly as she started to wiggle her hips.

Lisa then felt something on her back. It was Tina's hand. She almost screamed but made sure to ignore it. Tina's hands wandered up and down Lisa's back. They lightly lingered at the tip of Lisa's butt crack and then went back up. "I see you came ready."

Tina then started to move closer and closer to Lisa. They were soon pressed against each other. The only thing between their breasts were Lisa's hands. Tina's hands were now near Lisa's butt, slowly making there way onto and then lightly massaging Lisa's bottom.

Suddenly there was a quick swat and Lisa's butt stung. Lisa quickly moved her hands down to her rump to rub away the pain. Without her hands on Tina's breast, they now made full contact. Lisa had her bare breasts pressed against her best friend's bare breasts. Tina started to gyrate her breast against Lisa's. She moved Lisa's hands away from her butt and went back to massaging it.

Lisa was in awe. This whole thing was moving so fast. She was now feeling like she was the victim. Tina seemed so forceful. She couldn't go away though, she didn't want to.

Lisa moved her hands around to Tina's butt, to do the same thing she was having done to her. She was slightly out of breath, the feeling of her hard nipples against Tina's bare breasts, and the feel of Tina's hard nipples against her own, seemed crazy to her. Never had she had such intimate contact with someone. She was glad though that it was her best friend. Lisa so wanted to let Tina know it was her, but she knew that would only make things stop. She could wait to tell her.

She had the elastic of Tina's thong between her fingers, and she started to pull it down. She did not take them off though, merely down enough to be able to rub Tina's butt. They stayed like this for awhile, rubbing bare breast, and massaging each other's bottoms. Lisa though decided to move things along. She then gave her own swat on her best friend's butt, as revenge for earlier.

Tina made a slight yelp, and then straightened out a bit. She backed up a bit, and then lied down on her back, with her head resting on a pillow. Tina stretched out her legs and laid there, as if waiting for something. Lisa got the idea and crawled to her. Lisa ran her hands up Tina's legs, up her sides, and lingered on the waistband of her best friend's thong. She slipped her fingers under and pulled them away. She then tugged the thong down, slowly revealing Tina's bare pussy. Lisa let out a squeak, not expecting that. Tina giggled, guessing Lisa was shocked at her bald pussy.

Lisa continued to pull the thong down Tina's bare thighs, her bare legs, and then off Tina's bare feet. Lisa looked as she now was straddled over this naked woman. Not just any woman though. Lisa was now naked with her best friend! "Wow..." Lisa let out.

Tina moaned as she ran her hands up and down her body. She must have been getting impatient. Lisa was unsure of what to do at this point though, she was still in awe. She could only think to lie on top of Tina in an embrace. Lisa slowly lowered herself onto Tina. She was slow to kiss Tina, because she was so very unsure, but as soon as their lips touched Lisa lost herself in the action. They kissed and they caressed; Lisa was loving it.

She felt ambitious and started to slowly kiss down Tina's neck. She kissed each nipple and continued on downward. She got to the smooth skin of Tina's pubic region. She kissed it and moved around onto her thighs. She could look up and see Tina's pussy, open and shimmering with wetness. Lisa looked up farther to see Tina now playing with her own breasts, her eyes still blindfold, and she was moaning. Lisa grew quiet as she watched this. She was surprised at being able to see this so close.

"Don't slow down, don't stop!" Tina panted out as she kept playing with her own breasts. Lisa was now hesitant again. She was afraid to do this. She was afraid of what it would taste like, of what it would be like, and what it would make her. She slowly licked up the side of Tina's thigh, and then got real close to Tina's pussy lips, but she turned and went up the side to the top. Lisa had to do this she told herself, so she then directed her tongue downwards.

Tina continued to moan in need. Lisa got closer and closer. She got a bit of the wetness on her tongue. She didn't immediately taste anything bad, so she continued. Lisa reached the tip of Tina's lips and didn't stop. She then felt her tongue go over a hard spot and suddenly two hands pushed her head down. Tina screamed with pleasure as Lisa's face was being washed over with juices. She was hoping to take this slow, but there was no point to that. Lisa figured she had gone over Tina's clit, and she should have known Tina would react like that.

It took Lisa a little strength to be able to lift her head under the constant pushing of Tina's hands. Lisa continued licking and tasting Tina's lips. It was hard to keep doing this. Tina's pushing and the bucking of her hips made it hard. Lisa also was very turned on. Lisa had her own hand between her own legs, and she was working away. She made a slight gasp and Tina then released her head.

"Sorry dear, I forgot all about you, come on, lets make us both enjoy this." Tina then grabbed Lisa by the waist and spun her around. She then lowered Lisa down and Lisa screamed in sudden shock and pleasure. Tina had landed a lick right on Lisa's clit. Lisa was so unused to the intense feeling. She first reacted by clamping her thighs. This though just allowed Tina to lick more. Lisa couldn't take it. She let go and raised herself away from Tina's tongue. "New to this I see, just don't forget about me, ok." Tina said moving her hips to try and remind Lisa what to do.

Lisa was so shaken up, but she just continued with her job. She was now starting to get the hang of it. Tina was doing stuff to Lisa too, but she wasn't exactly doing her absolute best. She probably was too distracted by what Lisa was doing. Lisa sort of chuckled to herself. Here she thought that she was the inexperienced one, but this was probably just as equally new for Tina.

Lisa was getting really close to orgasm by now. The whole day's events were about to crash down on her. She knew she couldn't handle it for much longer. "Mmm, Tina this feels sooo good." Lisa moaned out.

"Wait, is that you Lisa?!" She suddenly heard Tina moan out. "Damnit!" she thought. When she moaned she wasn't thinking about trying to disguise her voice or anything. She was now panicking. Tina had stopped licking her, but Lisa didn't think to stop. She just kept going. Tina stopped the questioning though, as she was really close. Tina's thighs and Lisa's face were now incredibly wet. Lisa didn't give Tina a chance for anymore questioning. She took her right hand and started to rub Tina's clit, while sticking her tongue into her lips.

Tina screamed out in pure joy. She bucked her hips and wouldn't let go of Lisa's head. She tried biting her lip to stay quiet, but couldn't. Lisa was still panicking, but she didn't stop. Tina was thrown into multiple orgasms. Finally, she loosened her grip and lied back. She was exhausted. She panted and breathed hard. Lisa slowly got up and looked. Tina lied there, naked, still with that blindfold on. Lisa felt panicky. She knew it was her, she knows now her best friend just had sex with her. Lisa was incredibly horny herself, but she wasn't even thinking about it now.

She looked around, and in the nearby mirror saw in the bathroom doorway, a man standing there. "Oh crap!" she let out quietly. She had forgotten completely about Tina's boyfriend. She couldn't stay now; the guy probably would have thousands of questions, like what the hell Tina was doing. Lisa was invisible, so he probably saw his girlfriend going into multiple orgasms for seemingly no reason. Lisa got off the bed and ran out into the hall. Tina slowly got up and took off her blind fold. "Lisa, wait, where are you going?" She said, she couldn't stand to chase her, her boyfriend was standing there, in awe.

Lisa ran out the front door and into the street, she was panting and quickly found some strangers yard and lied down. She was in panic, she was scared, but she also realized how horny she was.

She tried to reason with herself. "Tina probably won't believe it. What about Alex though, I just did it with another girl. It's not like I cheated on Alex though, I was just messing around. He technically cheated on me anyways." She thought to herself. She didn't know what to think, it all seemed like she was just trying to convince herself she had done nothing wrong.

She got up and walked back towards the city. She wanted to try and put this all behind her for now. She knew she still had plenty of invisibility time left.

Chapter 04

Once she got back, she decided to head to a part of the town that was close to home, so she could go back when ready. On the way, she played more of the same tricks she was playing before. She was getting back in the mood of this whole adventure again.

Soon though, she was no longer in the area of town where the stores and restaurants were located. She was now in the business area. Buildings for various companies were everywhere. Some were pretty big too. She then had a great idea. She quickly ran into the parking lot of one of the bigger buildings. She made her way between the cars and found the front door. She was about to enter it when she looked inside and saw a lady at the desk.

She figured the lady might freak if the door opened by itself, so she decided to wait until someone else entered the building. Luckily, not long after she started to wait, some guy with a package walked up to the door. As he went in, Lisa snuck in behind him. He walked over to the receptionist, as Lisa went further into the building.

Lisa didn't even know what this company sold. All she cared was she was in a building, with a ton of people dressed up all nice and conducting business, and she was naked. She snuck into a random nearby office, and started moving around different things in the guy's office.

He would turn to get a file, and she would misplace his pen. When he went to get something from the printer room, she opened up a bunch of porn sites on his computer. Satisfied after seeing his shocked face, as he tried to close all the stuff off on his computer, Lisa continued on through the building.

She then saw a nearby stairwell and decided to make a quick run up the stairs. She figured that she originally planned to be exercising today, so she might as well make up for being interrupted before. She ran up the stairs, all the way to the top. She was on the top floor and panting hard. She found her way to a large empty meeting room, and then looked out the window. She looked at the whole town, and thought again about how she had been out there, naked. She got another naughty idea as she pressed herself up against the window. If she could be seen, it would probably look really obscene. She giggled to herself. She could feel the warm sun warming her up. Suddenly the door to the room swung wide open, and a large group of people in suits walked in. Lisa let out a little yelp in surprise, and got off the window. She remembered though that they couldn't see her. She just stood there and watched as they sat down and started talking about some business deal.

She then noticed one of the people there occasionally looking off in her direction; appearing slightly shocked at something he saw. After the third time, she got worried. She looked around in panic, hoping to see what else could be catching his eye. That's when she noticed on the window, she could see her imprint. It wasn't much, but she could see where her breasts were pressed against the window, and even a little bit of sweat in certain areas. There was also some other liquid on the part of the window where her pussy was pressed against it. Lisa had a good idea what that liquid was.

So, she moved away from where she was standing. The businessman still stared at the same spot. This meant that he couldn't see her, but he could see the odd looking thing on the window. "Could he tell what caused that imprint?" she wondered to herself.

Just then, she got an idea. She snuck over to the table, and lifted herself up. She was now standing on the table. She looked all around her. Men and women in suits were all around her, and here she was, naked before them. She had been naked before hundreds of people today.

She couldn't take it anymore. Her hand quickly found its way between her legs. Her other hand was now tweaking her nipples. She was already close, so she figured it wouldn't be long. She thought about sitting, since she would probably not stay standing, but she couldn't stop. It was all too much, and it wasn't long before she let out a loud moan. That is when she heard everyone turn silent.

She had her eyes closed during that time so when she opened them she was welcomed by a bright light. She looked and saw it was a projector. She wondered why everyone was so quiet. It must have been her moan she figured. She looked though and everyone still seemed in shock. They were looking at the screen. She turned her neck around to see at what.

She really couldn't see the presentation. She couldn't see it though because there was a silhouette blocking the image. The silhouette was of what appeared to be a woman, and she didn't appear to have clothes on. Also between her legs appeared to be fingers, idly rubbing. She couldn't believe it. She was invisible, but her entire silhouette was still there.

She let out a quick screech as she covered up out of instinct. Everyone was still shocked and looked at the presenter who seemed equally shocked. Did they perhaps think it was part of the presentation? She didn't have time to think though, as she suddenly felt someone touching her ankle. She looked down to see a man with his eyes wide open, and feeling what he thought was nothing.

She quickly ran down the table and jumped off. She started muttering "Oh my god!" to herself over and over as she ran off from the room. She was in quite a daze. She was just caught masturbating in front of all those people, well sort of. She looked down and saw she was still invisible, and started to reason to herself that they didn't catch her, because to them she was just an anonymous invisible female. That's who they caught.

She was exhausted though as she reached the stairs, so instead of walking down the stairs, she pushed the button for the nearby elevator. Soon it arrived and she walked in and her body slumped against the wall on the opposite side of the door.

She was panting hard from the exhaustion. She was also still a little sweaty. She moved her hair out of the way of her eyes. She looked up at the wall of the elevator. She could see her face red. She fixed up her face a bit and admired herself. There she was, naked, her breasts heaving with each breath. Her legs slightly spread. The elevator doors close, and the elevator started its downward descent.

Suddenly her eyes got really wide. She started to shake and get panicky. She was seeing herself? She looked down and confirmed that she was still invisible though. However, when she looked back at the wall, and then at all the surrounding walls, she saw herself. "What the hell!" She said out loud enraged and confused all in one. She stood up and kept looking at the reflection, hoping it would somehow go away.

The elevator stopped though and the doors opened. About five guys in suits walked in. They were busy talking when they looked towards one of the walls of the elevator. The first one stopped talking and pointed to his friends. They then looked back and forth from the wall and where Lisa was standing.

Lisa saw this and wondered what was going on. She must still be invisible; if she were they wouldn't have kept looking away. Then she looked at the spot on the wall they were looking at. As she looked there she saw their reflections, and for a second hers and their eyes met.

She then realized. Her reflection was still there. The people in the elevator were looking not directly at her, but her reflection. She quickly clamped her hands over her breast and pussy though. The men though turned there attention away from the old reflection. They were now looking at where she was standing.

She looked around and turned her neck around. They weren't looking at her once again; instead they were looking through her still invisible form and right at the reflection of her ass behind her. She screeched at the sudden exposure. She again reacted and turned and covered her butt. This though was foolish since now they were looking in the same spot, but at her exposed breast and pussy again since she had her hands on her butt now.

She just realized this and quickly covered up properly, but was getting really frustrated. Luckily the elevator stopped and she quickly rushed between the men, who were startled by the sudden shoving. As she ran she could hear them talking to each other. They sounded pretty freaked out, saying they think they saw a ghost, a naked cutie of a ghost at that.

She got out of the building as fast as she could. She didn't even bother waiting at the door. She was back outside and she quickly hid in between some cars in the parking lot. She looked around and made sure no one was there.

------------------------------------------

Back at the lab the scientists were talking amongst themselves. They now had a mirror with them, demonstrating the flaw. "Aw, so this invisibility isn't perfect." The man in the business suit said as he looked in the mirror at what once was the invisible mouse in the lab. "Sadly no, one's reflection still remains. An odd side effect, which can be exploited, but I'm sure if you continue to fund us we can discover much more." A scientist asked of the man. "I'd be mad to not continue to fund you, even with this exploit, it's an amazing discovery. Anyways, to be caught in so many reflections you'd have to be horribly unlucky." The man joked as he laughed and left the scientist to do more work. --------------------------------

Lisa was still hiding behind a car. She was kicking herself now. How could she be so stupid? She shouldn't have ever taken her clothes off back in those woods. That's when she remembered about the guy with the camera, who seemed really interested in taking pictures. Could he have seen her? She then remembered in a past photography class that an old camera, like the one that guy was using, actually uses mirrors for the view finder. So, that man had seen her when she was in her underwear in the middle of the forest.

She suddenly heard a car moving. She stayed calmed though, she wasn't in a mirrored elevator anymore. She was in a parking lot. The car parked and a man walked by. He stopped suddenly though, and looked in Lisa's direction. He was looking past her though, not at her. "Oh damn!" Lisa thought to herself. She looked behind her and she saw it. The car she was next to was quite shiny, and the door behind her was probably reflecting her squatting ass perfectly to the man.

She quickly got up and ran away from there. She found her way back to the side of the street. She had to get home, and fast, before there were any more incidents.

She then recalled the boys at the bench, back in the park. They were staring so intently at that puddle, because they could see her in it. They could see her stripping in it. She had exposed herself and showed off everything to those boys. She must have.

She was back in a more busy part of town. It didn't seem as fun anymore. She just wanted to get out of there. She was hiding now, avoiding large crowds, looking each way making sure no reflection of her was being made. She remembered the stupid kid who was looking into his spoon. He was probably doing that because he could see her too. She found her way near a bus stop and she suddenly had an idea. On the bus, she should be fine, and it would be quicker than running through town. She saw an empty bus bench, and took her seat. No one else seemed to be really waiting, so she figured it would be fine. She saw now large mirrors or anything that would show her reflection nearby, so she relaxed.

This relaxing and waiting though started to lead to more fun for her. Her hand wandered its way between her legs again. She stuck a single finger in between her lips and let out a soft moan. She couldn't believe that even after all this she was still horny. She then again lost track of her surroundings, and heard someone shout something to his friends. She looked up to see someone staring right down on her. She then looked down to see what he was looking at. Below her, right through her, was the bench sheet, which to her horror was quite clean and shiny, and pretty reflective. You could perfectly see her bottom and even between her legs, right at her inserted finger. She freaked and pulled her finger out. Before she could do much more, the guy who was staring at her reflection attempted to touch the image that was making his so curious, but Lisa's invisible lap got in the way.

Time stopped for a moment for Lisa. Similar things had happened to her all day, but this time; it seemed different now that she knew the man had a good idea of what he was doing. She could feel the man's finger tips in her hair, and they started to move around, trying to feel for what else was there. Luckily she got up and ran from the spot before it could go any farther.

She didn't want to stay there, but she knew she had to wait for the bus. She considered her options and thought more about the bus. It would be a bad idea; there are mirrors on a bus she figured. She had sat there for nothing. She now quickly ran from the bus stop.

She ran by some store windows. Another large group of people were around all staring at the window, just like earlier. She realized though the window was quite reflective, so that means before people were not staring at the products, but at the nude woman running, just like they were now. She screeched and covered up as the people stood around confused at what they just saw.

Lisa then remembered what happened with Alex. She remembered the mirror in the shop. She thought about it and figured Alex might have seen her, seen her naked in his store. What would he think of her, would he think she was easy now and expect sex whenever and wherever?

She stopped once she was away from the windows and took a few breaths. She was getting so flustered, embarrassed and confused, but at the same time she still felt horribly excited. She then heard honking, and saw the driver looking in his rearview mirror. She cursed to herself as she quickly ran off again; hopefully she would get home soon.

She remembered what happened at Tina's boyfriend's house. She remembered Tina's boyfriend looking in the mirror. He could have been doing that the whole time, watching her having sex with her best friend. Also, what about Tina? Tina knew it was her that was there.

Lisa finally made it back into her own subdivision. She was seen in a few puddles and car mirrors, but she made it into her own house. With the door closed behind her she was now finally safe. Her parents were out of the house and she found her way into her room. She closed her window and looked in her own mirror. She could see herself in it, and she cursed how all of this turned out.

She was still invisible, and she reasoned she would be for awhile now. She lied down on her bed and closed her eyes. She was not going to leave her room, until she could leave it visible and clothed. She then went over the day's events in her head. She thought of all the embarrassment and humiliation, as well as the weird and confusing parts of the day. Yet, she also thought of all her feelings and excitement of the day's events. Her hands were plenty busy throughout the rest of the day and night, and many nights after that.

The End

