I was in a hotel room with Richard Madden. It was certainly not my plan to end up kissing him in an alleyway after I had left work late this day, stressed from failed meetings and frustrating offers from business partners. I was headed to my apartment when I saw that my favorite pub had reopened, after being closed for renovation for quite some time.
When I entered the familiar, slightly sketchy looking place, I saw that it was almost empty. There was a stranger sitting at the bar, as well as some usuals in a corner near the front.
I went up to greet Thomas, the barkeeper, and ordered a Scotch on the rocks with a twist.
Somehow, the stranger and I got talking and it turned out that he was this famous actor, Richard Madden, relaxing after a full day of shooting a new movie in London.
I have to say, I was a little tipsy and in the mood, but boy, did he flirt back. It was almost early in the morning, when Thomas had to kick us out and Richard offered to split a cab, as his hotel was in the same direction as my apartment.
We got into the taxi and for a while, it was totally quiet. Just when he complimented me and I felt this definite sparkle between us, like we were about to kiss, the cab stopped and we had arrived. Even though I was a bit puzzled, I quickly reorientated myself and pulled myself together, thinking that this had been my last chance to ever kiss him.
We got out and I was just about to say goodbye, when he said with his dark and raspy voice, in this thick Scottish accent "You didn't think I'd let you walk away like this, did you?".
And while I was still figuring out what was happening, he pushed me to the wall behind me, and kissed me passionately, my arms pinned over our heads.
I kissed him back and my god, I never desired anyone more in my life. While we were kissing, he slowly worked his hand up my shirt, all while his other hand still held mine. He fondled my breast, slowly, carefully and loving, yet full of animalistic lust, as he kissed his way down my neck, leaving a trace of hot breath and lovebites.
Within a moment, we were in his hotel room, ripping each other's clothes off.
He threw me onto the grand bed and kissed his way down my body, starting with my neck, trailing all the way over my chest and my bosom to finally reach my panties. He licked and caressed my nipples, even biting in a loving fashion. I could feel his hot breath tingling against my wet pussy and I never wanted anything more than to feel his length inside of me.
Richard pulled my underwear down and kissed my vulva gently. He ate me out, like it was the last thing on earth for him to do, and gave me my first orgasm of the night.
While I was still trembling from the aftermath, he pulled me up to kiss him. I felt my own taste, as well as a mannish taste, bitter, and a bit like cigarettes.
He dominated my mouth and I let myself fall into his kiss, his tongue so clearly showing me who was in charge.
He was about to pull me on top of him to slide his rock-hard dick into my aching pussy- and I desired it so badly. On the other hand, I didn't want this night to be something he easily forgot, so I decided it was my turn to kiss down his body and please him now.
Once I had reached his shaft, I kissed his long, thick cock and sucked it passionately and hard. It must have been at least 22 cm long, with a circumference more than a woman could ever wish for. I was aching for it, but I wanted him to feel pleasure from my oral teasing as well. He gave the most pleasure-inducing moan and this was it for me. I stopped the blowjob, turned him around and pulled him onto me to kiss me.
He immediately understood and slid his penis into my sex. He was so big and so fulfilling, I had to take a moment to adjust due to the overwhelming wave of satisfaction and need he gave me.
But he was demanding. He kissed me softly, while his dick started to thrust, dominantly and sure of what he wanted. We made out and his strong hands fondled my breasts, then slid down to my clit, which he rubbed, all while continuing to thrust in a heavy pace.
I moaned and whined under my breath, but God, did he feel good.
After a while, he turned me around in a smooth grip and took me from behind, now pushing in and out harder and deeper than before. His one hand still rubbed my vagina, while his other hand held my hair, somewhat pulling on it to keep my head from sinking.
He moaned quietly and I reacted to his vocals with the same noises, a bit higher and louder. The neighbours must have heard us, but we didn't care. For now, all I wanted was him to melt into me, him never being separated from me, his cock never leaving the space that was so distinctly made for it. I forgot all about the rest of the world, for at that moment, we were infinite.
The thrusts became faster, the moans a bit louder, I pushed into him as well and in a starstuck, all-consuming way, we both climaxed together.
His hot semen filled my vagina and we collapsed onto each other, smiling and sharing this final bit of intimacy.
The sleep this night was deep and dreamless, and when I woke up the next morning, I was surprised to find that it hadn't just been a picture that my head made up to fill the lonely nights. Richard was still sound asleep next to me, his beautiful face peacefully resting.
I got up and took a shower. When I was done, he was still sleeping, so I gave him a kiss on the cheek, scribbled my number down and pinned it to the mirror. I left quietly, but knew that within the next few hours, there would be a call awaiting me, yearning for more of the magical moments we had just barely tasted.