He wakes very early (or rather, it would be more accurate to say that when the sun had began to rise over the mountains that even attempting to sleep had no longer had any point to Tarrant, so he ’ d risen for the day). Folding the blankets neatly and setting them, along with his mountainous pile of pillows, on one end of the sofa, he ’ d given a sideways glance to the bed. 

Golden Alice hair spills out across her pillow. Treading softly, Tarrant approaches her – Alice ’s... his wife’s – bedside , smoothes his hand over her hair. She hadn ’ t plaited it the night before; it should have been in a terrible tangle now and likely would be if not for the pillow ’s obvious regard for her . Still, there ’s the chance that it will tangle before she wakes. This is his excuse for stroking her hair twice more before he forces himself to retreat. Tarrant watches her sleep and fights against the pull that beckons him close to her, to crawl on the bed and press his body against hers – she would feel so warm and soft and relaxed with sleep – and press his lips to her neck... 

Clearly, Help is going to be needed if he is going to survive the morning with his promise intact. 

Sneaking over to the desk in the corner, he quietly inks the pen and jots a quick note, then steals to the doorway. He opens it and is reassured to find the frog footman he ’ d been expecting to see there. As the suite is rather well-secluded and there are no pull cords installed for calling for service, a member of the Queen ’s staff must be on hand at all times. 

Tarrant gives the creature a sympathetic smile and, handing him the note, he requests, “Would you see that Chessur Cat gets this as soon as is possible?” The frog nods uncomfortably, and Tarrant shuts the door before he can see him begin to hop away. It would be best if he at least maintained the illusion to himself that there was someone just outside the door. 

Less than a quarter hour later, Chess mists into being, as cautiously as Tarrant has ever seen him corporealize himself. Upon realizing that neither he nor Alice are indecently clothed nor involved in intimate activity, (in fact, Tarrant is tensely sitting in the armchair by the bed, watching each soft rise and fall of Alice ’ s breath, listening to her endearing little whistling snores) the Cat fully forms. 

“Oh, like that, is it?” Chessur asks. 

“Please keep your voice down, Chess. Alice is sleeping.” The woman in question shifts under her covers, and Tarrant says, “Why don ’ t we adjourn to the sitting room?” 

The Cat nods his assent, and together they tip-toe (Tarrant tip- toes; Chessur simply floats) to the next room. 

“My time as your chaperone is at an end, Tarrant. You are married; my part in this convoluted and utterly unnecessary bipedal mating ritual is thankfully at an end .” 

Tarrant hates to beg; he especially hates to direct his pleas to such a smug creature as a Cheshire Cat. But if Alice ’ s suggestion is to work... If they are to complete their Courtship without... 

“Please, Chessur? We would not require your presence at all times. Just in the mornings.” 

“Has the Champion kicked you out of her bed already, Tarrant?” the Cat teases, but he doesn ’ t rise to the bait. 

“We ’ ve...mutually decided to finish our Courtship before going... further.” 

Chess laughs until he sees the look on his face. “Oh. You are serious .” 

“Completely.” He is fully as Serious as he is a Hatter. 

“And this was a mutual decision, you say?” The Cat is no doubt recalling all of the instances where Alice had been rather determined to enjoy an uninterrupted private moment with Tarrant and without the presence of their chaperone. 

Sighing, he says, “Yes, as I said, completely mutual.” 

The Cat says nothing for several beats of Tarrant ’ s heart. Then, in a low, grudging rumble, inquires, “What do you need of me for to-day?” 

Tarrant ’ s shoulders slump in relief. “Stay until breakfast?” 

Blinking, Chessur informs him, “Tarrant, that is several hours from now.” 

“I ’ m aware of that. But there is something I need to do, and should Alice wake and I am not here...” 

“Ah. Yes. Fine... I accept.” 

“Thank you, Chess.” 

“Don ’t thank me. I shall be enjoying a bit peace a quiet with you out and about. And as I’ve never been invited to the Royal Honeymoon Suite...” 

“Yes, yes. The chance for a nap of a lifetime, I ’m sure...” 

The Cat ’ s cooperation secured, Tarrant goes to the washroom, rapidly strips his clothing and brusquely scrubs his body in a tepid bath. He exits fully dressed, right down to his tightly laced shoes. 

“I will be back shortly,” he tells Chessur. 

“Take your time. I will be here,” the Cat assures him, already yawning. 

*~*~*~* 

“Your Majesty.” 

“Hatta!” Mirana could not look more astonished to see him than if he ’ d entered her chambers wearing nothing whatsoever with a rose between his teeth. Shoving aside that disturbing mental picture (she is a wonderful Monarch, but only one woman possesses the ability to move him – and has done so rather too well for quite some time – and she has not the delicate, icy beauty of the woman in front of him, but that forged of sterner stuff) he steps fully inside, latching the Queen ’s parlor door behind him. 

“I wished to speak with you.” 

Recovering with admirable quickness, Mirana draws her robe closed about her nightdress and nods regally. “I am at your service, Tarrant. Is...everything...alright?” Her dark brows draw together in concern, and despite his irritation with her most unfounded assumption, Tarrant rushes to reassure her. 

“Alice is fine! She is resting. Chessur is there, in case she should wake before I return.” 

“Well then, if you will forgive my saying so, Hat—Mr. Hightopp, I do not understand why you are here, and not enjoying your honeymoon.” 

That is a lie—Tarrant can see it by the way the Queen ’s eyes shift off to one side when she speaks. He steps closer, tie flaring in agitation. 

“You knew that Alice and I had a misunderstanding earlier yesterday. You knew she was not ready for such a step as marriage, and yet you forced her into a situation where, once again, she d ’nae feel she ’ad a choice in tha matter!” 

“Alice could have said no , Tarrant. The fact that she didn’t speaks of her affection for you. Did you not each touch the Crown and Know each other? Could you not feel the depth of regard she holds for you?” 

But she doesn’t love me! —the admission is on his lips, ready to be uttered, but he can’t. Won't . 

That is something that is just for he and Alice, something that he will not speak of outside of their marriage. 

“I must respectfully request that any such urges you have in the future regarding Alice and I that you confirm their... appropriateness with us beforehand, your Majesty,” he says instead. 

She sighs. “You make each other so very happy, Tarrant. I could not sit back and allow such a precious gift to be lost to Underland.” She pauses, adds, “I could not let you lose each other due to a misunderstanding.” 

“All the same, your Majesty, I will thank you to refrain in the future.” 

Mirana nods, brown eyes watering. “If I caused either one of you any distress, Hatta, that was not my intent. Last night you both seemed so pleased, I thought...” 

“We were.” Thinking that he should not speak for Alice, Tarrant corrects himself with, “I was. I am. But it should have been... different.” He will not enumerate all the ways that he would have changed the day; he can not regret all that happened, as it unites he and Alice, but he still wishes... 

“Good day, your Majesty.” Bowing, he exits the Queen ’s chambers and returns to the suite, where breakfast (littered with Cat hair at this point, Tarrant highly suspects) and perhaps a fully conscious Alice – wife! – are waiting for him.