Title: Sharing a Shower with Mom – Part III
Author: SquattingEagle
Rating: 97.2%
Themes: Fiction, Blowjob, Consensual Sex, Hardcore, Incest

Summary:
Fiction, Blowjob, Consensual Sex, Hardcore, Incest, Male/Teen Female, Teen Male / Female, Teen Male/Teen Female

Author's infos

Gender: N/A

Location: Europe

Posted Tue 15th of September 2015

Font size :

Introduction:

An experienced girl finally takes control

Sharing a Shower with Mom – Part III

“We need to talk” was all mom said.

The proud smile had vanished from her face and was replaced by a serious, almost grim expression. This wasn’t the reaction I had expected. I had thought our pa

============================================================

Fiction, Blowjob, Consensual Sex, Hardcore, Incest, Male/Teen Female, Teen Male / Female, Teen Male/Teen Female

Author's infos

Gender: N/A

Location: Europe

Posted Tue 15th of September 2015

Font size :

Introduction:

An experienced girl finally takes control

Sharing a Shower with Mom – Part III

“We need to talk” was all mom said.

The proud smile had vanished from her face and was replaced by a serious, almost grim expression. This wasn’t the reaction I had expected. I had thought our parents would be glad they wouldn’t have to sneak around anymore. Maybe they’d be a bit shocked to learn my brother and I wanted to have sex with them just as much as they wanted to fuck us. But not this. She didn’t look at me or say another word as she toweled herself dry and got dressed. I hastily dried off, tied my bikini back on and pulled my dress over my still damp body.

We stepped out the door just when Nick and dad came walking from the other side of the building. Mom directed us to the picnic table next to the campsite bath house and told us to sit down. Nick was looking troubled too, just like dad. I could see my brother's proposal to continue at home had not been received with a lot of enthusiasm either.

“Mom, dad, it’s okay! Nobody is pissed off, we knew it was you well before we fucked” I said.

“Yeah, Nick told me. I'm just… upset” dad said.

“Upset? Isn't this what you two wanted when you took us into that stall?”

Dad didn't answer.

“What's wrong? I thought you would be happy?” I asked, feeling somewhat disenchanted.

“I don't know. I guess… Well, this whole thing kinda got out of hand.” mom explained. “We, I mean your father and I, we‘ve had our secret sexual fantasies about you and your brother for some time, but we knew it wasn’t right, so we never tried to do anything for real. However, when we discovered this wonderful opportunity to have sex with you anonymously, we just couldn't let it slide. And, I must add, we enjoyed it tremendously.

“So did I” I argued.

“Yes, but later you might hate us for it. That’s why you were never supposed to know it was your father on the other side. It was going to be just this once and never again”

“Just a fond memory that would last the rest of our lives” dad added.

“It will always be a fond memory, but that doesn't mean we should stop now. And what about all the things you and I did? All the kissing? You licked my pussy!”

I could see Nicks jaw drop and his eyes pop out of their sockets as he learned of me and mom's lesbian activities.

“I was weak, honey, I'm sorry… it's just not right. It's even illegal”

“I don't care; I loved everything about it. So did Nick, and I’m damned sure you did too.” I said, almost choking up.

“You know she’s right” dad said to his wife “What do you say, honey?”

She looked at each of us for a moment, shrugged her shoulders and stood up. “I don't know it anymore either. If anyone wants to fuck me, I'll be in the caravan.”

My heart skipped a beat and I jumped up, wrapped her in my arms and planted a hot kiss on her mouth, thanking her and kissing her again.

She quickly detached herself from my passionate embrace and looked around if anyone might have seen my inappropriate outburst.

“What did I just say about it being illegal and all?” she hissed

I must have looked quite crestfallen, because she mellowed a little. “You may thank me when we're home” she whispered and gave my butt a quick squeeze.

We followed mom's seductively swaying hips home and with every yard we came closer to the caravan, dad too seemed to lose a little more of his doubts and inhibitions. By the time I set foot on the first step of the ladder, he was standing right behind me, his erection firmly pushed against my rear. I giggled flirtatiously and turned around, grabbed him by his waistband and dragged him with me into the bedroom. Standing against the bed, I let my dress fall to the floor, pulled dad against my body and gave a long, hot kiss.

Dad’s hands were trembling as they untied the strings of my bikini. He pulled away the tiny black triangles that covered my breasts and pussy and let them fall to the floor as well, leaving me naked in front of his hungry eyes. I took his hand and lay it on my chest. He caressed my firm breast and flicked the nipple with his finger.

“Baby, you're so beautiful” he said as drew me even closer. He bent a little and kissed me again. While I was still a little dazed from the erotic kiss, he scooped me off the floor and carefully laid me down on his big soft bed. He tenderly kissed and licked every square inch of my naked body, from my face down to the soles of my feet and then slowly worked his way back up via the inside of my legs. With every kiss he came nearer to my inflamed pussy.

I whimpered softly as he slowly inched his way ever more closely. I could already feel his hot breath on my moist lips. Finally he reached its target. His tongue traced the folds of my sugary pussy, dipped inside for a moment, and then followed its way up to my protruding clit. The tip of his tongue flicked my little nub, sending chills of pleasure down my spine. He closed his mouth again and swallowed the top part of my pussy, sucking softly and still flicking my clit with his tongue. Loud slurping noises sounded from his mouth as he drank my flowing juices.

“You taste so good, baby” he whispered as he came up for air, licking his lips.

I grabbed his head and pulled him up to my face, pulled his strong body on top of me.

I kissed his mouth, tasting myself on his lips.

“I want you so much” I gasped between kisses.

“I want you too. I've dreamed of this for so long, baby”

“Please put it in me, daddy”

He pushed his hands beneath my shoulders and my waist and rolled onto his back, taking me with him so I ended up on top of him. He raised his butt off the bed and I pulled down his shorts. His hard cock bounced up, as it broke free from its confines. It was the first time I saw my father’s erect penis in all its glory. The dark hair below his belly was trimmed short and his balls were shaven completely. I thought it was the sexiest thing I’d ever seen. The shaft was hard as steel, with thick throbbing veins running down the entire length and the big pink head was oozing drops of precum, making it nice and slippery. Underneath this were his big round balls, pulled up tightly against his body, filled with cum and all set to quench the raging fire inside me.

Before I could do anything stupid, mom pulled me back again and came crawling to me, just as naked as I was. “Don't worry baby, he's all yours today. Just don’t forget to use these” she said and gave me another foil wrapper. I kissed her once more and whispered I loved her.

Then I sat down on dad's thighs and put the condom around his cock. I held the end between my fingers and rolled it all the way down, just like mom had taught me earlier. Getting up again, I firmly grasped his cock and held it against my pussy. The tip easily found the slick opening, and when I sank down a little, I felt the round head pop inside.

I could finally look into my lover's eyes and saw the look of rapture as his big cock inched its way deeper into my body. I'm sure I must have had the very same look as he plunged in. Deeper and deeper he went, until, at last, my butt came to rest on my father's legs and I knew I had taken his cock all the way inside me. Without the thin wall to separate us, he had slid in much deeper than he had done before, touching places that had never been touched and giving pleasure I had never known. Yet, even that was nothing compared to what was to come when I finally started moving.

Now that I was on top of my daddy, I was able to control much of our motions. A whole new world of sexual delight opened up as my hips began to move; up and down, back and forth, rolling and twisting. As I experimented, I quickly learned I really couldn't do it wrong; every which way I moved gave a different, but always delightful new sensation. If I leaned forward, my clit pressed nicely against his body and when I leaned back, his cock rubbed against the sensitive nerves inside my pussy. The hard part was to tune my motions in sync with those of my partner, so we were moving as if we were one.

Thankfully there were my dad's hands to guide me. They were planted firmly on my behind, grabbing the cheeks and gently pressing me down when he flexed up and always preventing me from rising too far and have him slip out of me. We worked perfectly together to achieve that highest level of ecstasy and it wasn't long before the muscles inside me tensed up in anticipation of the first of a long series of orgasms. As I rocked my hips again and let my clit rub against his body, waves of bliss swept over my body. And again there were those hands of my father that guided me through this, moving my ass up and down, fucking him while I came.

Minutes later I lay on dad's chest, still panting and shivering from this massive release. It suddenly dawned on me that dad and I were not alone in the bed. Next to us were mom and Nick, just as naked as we were, and she also had his cock deep inside her.

Mom was on her back, her legs thrust high in the air. Nick was on his knees, holding those legs firmly in his arms, using them as support to piston his cock in his mother's pussy at a blistering speed. Mom had cupped her big breasts with her hands and squeezed the nipples while a flood of oh's and ah's poured from her wide open mouth, her beautiful face all torn up in sheer exaltation as her son relentlessly pummeled her tender flesh with his sturdy cock.

Dad held me close to his chest and rolled me on my back again, him ending on top of me. He supported his upper body with his arms to prevent it from crushing me, while his lower body rested between my legs. His cock had never left my pussy, and as he lay on me, he began to thrust again. His muscular body was almost twice as big as me, and as I lay underneath him, I really felt how much stronger he was. I did not stand a chance against the pleasure he was giving me. He kept fucking me with long powerful strokes, in a slow relentless rhythm that lifted me higher with every thrust until I couldn't take any more and had to bite his shoulder to prevent me from screaming out in orgasmic joy.

My legs folded behind his back, locking him deep inside me as waves of ecstasy wracked my body over and over again. His ability to move was severely restricted by this orgasmic stranglehold, but he kept fucking me through what felt like a never ending series of climaxes. Then, as he looked deep in my eyes again, his powerful body became rigid and I felt his penis jerk inside me as he spilled his seed in the condom.

Reluctantly, I felt dad pull his cock out of me and roll on his back. I lay my head on his chest and covered him in little kisses. If I hadn't experienced it myself I would not have believed anything could be as good as the way my dad had fucked me.

Dad exhaled deeply and softly stroked my hair. I could hear his heartbeat slowly return to normal as we lay there cooling off.

On the other half of the bed, mom and Nick were still going. She was on her knees now, with her ass in the air and my brother behind her. He wasn't fucking her as fast anymore, but still kept up a pace that greatly exceeded that of dad. The slapping sound of his hips against her butt was still accompanied by drawn-out moans from mom, who appeared to be in a semi-unconscious, semi-orgasmic limbo. Her eyes were closed, her mouth still open, her voice fading from countless climaxes.

By now I had learned to recognize some of the signs and it told me that Nick was also close to cumming. A few thrusts later his butt clenched and I could see the big vein on the underside of his cock pulsate as he pumped another load of semen into his mother's vagina. He slumped forward and mom's legs gave way. Together they fell on the mattress next to us, panting and shivering. Nick was still laying on top of her, slowly rocking his hips as he fucked her with the last of his erection until it finally slipped out, followed by a frothy torrent of cum.

I wondered what it would be like to be on the pill, like mom. I bet the sex would feel even better without a condom. Then I’d also know what it was like to have a man truly cum inside me, to feel his hot seed fill me up and flow back out. Maybe best of all, he would not have to pull out immediately, like dad did now.

I made a mental note to make an appointment with the GP as soon as we were back at home. I could hardly wait.

Slowly, dad seemed to wake up a little, and mom too. She was playing lazily with dad's cock. She pulled the condom, now hanging loosely around his deflated member, off and watched the sperm pool on dad’s stomach.

Mom rolled over, on top of her husband and licked up a mouthful of cum. She then moved over to me and kissed me, sharing dad’s semen with me. Twice she went back for more and each time she shared every drop with me. By and by, dad’s cock began to show some signs of life again and the next time mom went down to collect more cum, she opened her mouth and engulfed dad’s cock. Dad groaned softly as mom relentlessly sucked his tired cock back to hardness.

With my parents back in action, I couldn’t stay behind and crawled over daddy's legs and lifted mom’s leg. I still could see some of Nick’s semen dripping from her. It wasn't as thick or rich as when I first I tasted it this afternoon. Clearly his balls had trouble keeping production up with the rate at which he was spilling his seed. Runny as it may be, there was a lot of it, and it kept flowing.

As I was washing mom's pussy with my tongue, a pair of hands grabbed my hips and pulled them off the mattress. I looked around and saw Nick kneeling behind me, aiming his latex-covered erection at my pussy. He renewed his grip on my ass and pushed forward. His slick cock easily penetrated my vagina and he started fucking me right away. His cock wasn't quite as big as dad's, but it rubbed me in all the right places, and soon I had all but forgotten my mother's pussy.

Luckily for mom, dad's cock had grown back to full strength, pointing at the curved roof of the caravan and throbbing proudly. Mom climbed on top of dad, taking him deep inside her as she lowered herself. With her back curved, she pumped her ass up and down. The way she sat gave Nick and me a beautiful view of her hairless pussy stretched tautly around dad's penis. Her pussy was well lubricated and slid supply on her husband’s cum-slick cock.

I remember thinking it would take me years of practice to move even half as smooth and elegantly and so sexily. I didn't get the chance to admire her much, as Nick fucked me quickly to another series of earth-shattering orgasms. Even while I was cumming almost continuously for minutes, he never slowed down. The merciless pounding my now super-sensitive sex still took was just too much and I lurched forward, shaking as a splash of fluid jetted from my pussy.

I had just learned that, like my mother, I was a squirter.

I had expected Nick to push his cock back inside my pussy the first chance he got and fuck me some more, but I was quite mistaken. Instead of waiting for me to allow him to continue, he got up and crawled behind our fucking parents.

Dad must have seen him approach, but mom was completely unaware of what was happening until she felt Nick's finger on her asshole. Startled, she looked behind and saw her son aiming his steel hardon at her virgin ass.

“Be careful son, no-one's ever been there before” she smiled, giving him permission to go on.

Nick wet his finger with saliva and pushed it inside to the first joint, spat a little more on her puckered hole and worked that inside her too. Then he got back on his knees and was ready to enter this uncharted terrain.

Mom stayed motionless for a moment as Nick placed his latex-clad cock against her tight little hole and began to push. She relaxed her sphincter as best as she could to let him in. An animal-like groan escaped her mouth as her son’s penis finally stretched her anal opening far enough to ease the tip inside her. Once the big head had passed the ring of muscles, she told him to hold it there for a moment while she got used to the invading member.

After a few seconds she nodded to let him resume his conquest. I could see her ass stretched tightly around my brother's cock as he sawed it in and out, pressing deeper every time he repeated this motion. A few more pushes and he was all the way inside. With her son's cock fully in her ass, she started moving again, fucking dad while Nick fucked her.

“Ohhh I Love it” she groaned between her clenched teeth.

I watched in amazement how the two men fucked mom together. After a while Nick and dad moved perfectly in sync, pushing in one cock as the other moved out. They fucked her for a few more minutes, giving her some of the best orgasms she ever had, before dad and Nick, almost simultaneously, came as well. The three fell down in a mass of bodies and intertwined limbs, before they disentangled and lay back, completely exhausted.

“That was great guys. I… I love you all so much” Mom panted, kissing both her men and me too.

We were all too exhausted to move, let alone have sex. Even Nick's cock was spent, resting limp on his stomach, not moving or trying to get up even once. We just lay there, close together on the mattress, for what must have been ten, fifteen minutes at least.

“You know what's bothering the crap out of me?” dad suddenly sighed.

“No?” mom asked lazily

“Why did none of you warn me this bed is much too small? Years I've spent every spare moment rebuilding this damned caravan, and now I have to start all over again.”

He was right, though the bed was spacious enough to accommodate two couples fucking, it could not offer enough room for four adults lying on their backs.

“That's okay, hon” mom replied, “Take all the time you need. I have a new lover now.”

We all laughed, even dad.

“Okay kids, no more fooling around. Get out. Your father needs to rest” mom said, “and I could use a little beauty sleep too”

It wasn't even dinnertime yet, the sun was still shining, but she was right, I could really use some rest, and looking at my brother, so could he. I crawled out the bed and into mine. As soon as my head hit the pillow, I was asleep. Nick didn't even make it that far. He crashed on the couch.

About an hour later, I woke again, absolutely famished. I hadn't eaten since breakfast and could eat a horse. When I stuck my head out the door, I saw dad had fired up the grill and was busy cooking up some burgers. Mom was also outside, chopping vegetables and making salad.

“Hi there sleepyhead” dad yelled, waving

“Dinner's almost ready baby” mom added. “Go wake your brother and come out”

Dinner was delicious. I devoured three or four slightly charred burgers and helped myself to a plateful of veggies. Nick was just as starved as me, eating at least six burgers and even salad and grilled corn.

Dad kept bringing more and more burgers, so there was enough for everyone. By the time all the food was gone and our tummies were nicely filled, the sun was setting.

I said to mom I wanted to take a shower and go back to bed.

She grabbed a handful of shower coins from her bag and gave them to me.

“Aren't you coming with me?” I asked

“No, I want to clean up first, before we attract the animals. Go ahead, I'll shower after you”

“But you said it was too expensive”

She started laughing. “Yeah, I can't believe you thought that was true, you are such a blonde sometimes! These things cost nothing, really. Take these and shower as long as you like”

I had to laugh too, even though I did feel like an idiot.

After a relaxing long, hot and uneventful shower, I was feeling all comfy again; clean, warm, and carefree. I slipped my dress over my naked body and skipped home, feeling the cool evening air gently kiss my damp pussy.

Inside the caravan I put the dress in my closet and got ready for bed. First I had to brush my teeth and then applied another layer of after-sun lotion to soothe the reddened skin on my breasts that outlined the shape of my new bikini. Being fair-skinned, the tan lines were only barely visible and I knew that also the redness would be gone in the morning. If we decided to go to the lake again, I would look stunningly good.

As I turned around to walk out the bathroom, I saw mom was watching me.

“You've changed so much these two days.” she said. “You look happy”

“I am happy” I said, “Not that I wasn’t happy before, but…” I added, not really knowing what I wanted to say or how to say it.

“I understand baby. And you look so beautiful too”

“I know” I smiled. “Thanks to you”

“Goodnight baby” she said and gave me a kiss. A tender, motherly kiss.

“Goodnight mom. I love you”

“I love you too”

I crawled in the bed and grabbed one of my books to read a bit while I waited for sleep to come. About half an hour later, Nick came to bed too. I was still awake, still reading. The book I was reading was a cheap romance novel and as I was reading, my hand had slid down my body. My pussy was a little tender from being fucked so much, but as I lay there stroking myself I started to get a little horny again. I was contemplating to rub myself to one more climax before I went to sleep when the bed above me creaked softly.

“Nick… I'm not sleepy yet. Are you?” I asked my brother.

“No” he whispered.

“Wouldn't you rather come in here with me?” I asked seductively.

“I can't” he sighed.

“Why, haven't you got any semen left for me?”

“Worse. No condoms”

“Go get some then”

“Can't, I used the last one when I fucked you from behind”

Damn! Fuck! Cursed be my ovaries! Here I was, horny as hell, with a willing cock less than three feet away and unable to use it.

“Fucked me? Fucked mom, you mean. You abandoned me” I grumbled.

“I'm sorry sis. You're not mad, are you?” he said sincerely.

He didn't deserve that reaction. After all he had fucked me into a stupor first, and then gave mom the best sexual experience of her life. He had been a good brother and a good son. I decided I had to be a good sister.

“No, I'm not. Please, come here and I'll suck it for you”

Nick got in bed with me and I sucked his cock while he licked my pussy. We both had one nice last cum and fell asleep in each other’s arms in my small bunk bed.

As soon as I was woken by the early morning sun, shining through the small plastic window, the memories of the past two days came flooding back to me. With it returned a hunger for sexual pleasure. Nick was still lying behind me, sandwiched between me and the wooden paneling. His arm was draped tenderly around me as he spooned me in his sleep.

Though Nick was still deep asleep, his cock had already woken up. His morning erection was poking between my legs, teasing me with its presence. I couldn’t blame Nick’s cock for not knowing I couldn't fuck him without a condom, but the longer I lay there, the more unbearable my frustration became. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and carefully extricated myself from my brother's grasp and slid out the bed. I slipped a dress over my naked body, grabbed my purse, sneaked out the caravan and ran. My muscles protested, aching from the hours of fucking I did yesterday. I knew the best way to treat aching muscles was to keep using them, and that was exactly what I planned to do.

The air was still cold outside and the grass was wet beneath my bare feet. The entire world was still sleeping, except a far away rooster and an elderly couple that was slowly on their way down to the bath house. It was a good thing that everyone else was still sleeping, because I would never dare to do what I planned if there was a chance of someone seeing me. Finally I arrived at the bath house. Here I would find the cure for what ached me: the condom vending machine in the men's room.

A minute later I was running back, several dollars lighter and carrying a bag full of rubbers. On my way back I was greeted again by the elder couple that was still strolling down the path. I wonder if they would still smile so kindly at me if they knew what I was planning on doing as soon as I was home.

Inside the caravan it was still quiet; nobody had noticed my disappearance. Nick was still sleeping too. He was on his back now, taking up the entire mattress. It didn't matter to me, because I could clearly see the promising tent in the sheets caused by his trusty hard cock.

I hastily threw the sheets aside and climbed on the mattress with my brother. He mumbled softly in his sleep, but didn't wake or move. I carefully rolled the condom down his cock, straddled his hips and let it sink deep inside. My pussy was still tender, but the pain was definitely worth it. I sat still for a minute, savoring the feeling of being filled up again before I lifted myself and dropped down his cock again. It took only a couple of strokes before my brother began to wake up.

“Wow, sis” he whispered, rubbing his eyes to see more clearly.

“Good morning, big brother” I whispered back and pressed down on his crotch firmly, digging my clit into his flesh as I rocked my hips. There wasn't much space to move in the small and low bunk bed. When I sat upright, my head was just inches below the lattice of the bed above me and even if Nick wanted to be on top, there was no room to roll over. Nick had no choice but to grab hold of me, and lay back for the ride.

The way we made love was completely different from the way he had fucked me yesterday. The wet noises of my pussy and our heavy breathing were now the only sounds as I rode his cock for a long time, slow, steady and without hurry.

I liked being in control like this, but I had liked being overwhelmed by his energetic thrusting too. I guess I was still learning.

Despite our leisurely pace, I could see Nick wasn't going to last much longer. I guess we had been fucking fifteen minutes already, so I had nothing to complain. I even had a few nice cums myself. I leaned forward even more, so I was on my hands and knees. With my ass suspended in the air, my brother now had the freedom to move as his instinct indicated. He laid his hands firmly on my butt and sped up again. The soft squishy noises gave way to a series of slapping sounds as he threw his belly up against mine. Faster and faster, until we reached a wonderful finale in which the both of us came together.

“That was great, Val. What a way to wake up” he panted in my ear as we dropped back to the bed.

Before I could say anything back, Nick was snoring again. He'd probably wake up later, thinking it had all been a wonderful dream. It might be funny to mess with his mind a bit. However, I had no time to stay much longer now, I was on a mission. One down, one to go.

Still naked, I walked to my parent's bedroom. My early morning romp with Nick had not disturbed them in their sleep, although dad might have registered it subconsciously, as he too had a rock hard erection that pushed up the sheets.

I carefully peeled away the sheets from his sleeping body. Dad wasn't as heavy a sleeper as my brother, so I had to be extra cautious. I did my utmost to not move the bed too much as I crawled next to him, held his cock upright and let it slip in my mouth. The moment I closed my lips and started sucking, I saw his eyes open and a smile appear on his lips.

“Good morning daddy” I whispered and started sucking again, letting him slide as deep in my throat as I could without choking. I still needed a lot of practice before I could take him as deep as mom could, but I was doing better every time.

While I was sucking him, I felt his hands on my waist, grabbing me and lifting me clear in the air, and lowering me again on top of him. My pussy was now directly above his face and as I kept sucking his cock, he started licking my pussy.

“That looks nice” I suddenly heard a female voice. “Is there room for one more?”

“Of course mom” I said. “Would you like pussy, cock or tongue?”

“Shouldn't we invite your brother as well?”

“He's sleeping; I kinda wore him out a few minutes ago”

Mom chuckled softly, shaking her head.

“I think I'll have some tongue then, thank you.”

I climbed off dad's face and watched how mom took my place. Then I covered up dad's cock, guided it into my pussy and began to bounce up and down. My parent's bed was much springier than mine, and every time I came down, my father was just bouncing back up, making it easy to ride him hard.

All the while I was fucking my father, he was diligently licking his wife's hairless pussy and doing all kinds of wonderful things with his experienced mouth. She was leaning back against the wall, squeezing her breast as she watched me ride her husband's cock. It was mom who came first, her moans becoming louder and louder until she fell forward, into my arms and came, shaking over her entire body.

Mom laid her hand on my chest and gently pushes me back a little. I had to steady myself on dad's legs as I leaned back. Mom leaned over even more, and because of my new position, she was able to lay her head between my thighs and lick my pussy while I fucked. Every now and then I’d lean back too much and his cock would slip out of me. She would then suck him for a while and guide him back inside. Together they kept me cumming over and over again until dad groaned he was going to cum too.

Mom quickly grabbed his cock, tore away the rubber and sucked hem into her mouth. The moment she closed her lips I saw his balls draw up and his cock began to pulsate as he fired glob after glob in her mouth. She swallowed and sucked, taking his whole load without spilling a single drop.

It was not even 8 o'clock and I had been fucked twice already. I was really beginning to enjoy this new lifestyle.

Mom pulled the sheets back over us again and the three of us lay in bed for maybe half an hour, talking. As always, dad was the first who got up and mom followed soon after. I didn't want to get up yet, so I lay a little longer, enjoying all the room I had in the big, empty bed. After a while my stomach began to protest, telling me it was time for breakfast.

The rest of the family was already dressed and was busy setting the table for breakfast. Dad had bought fresh buns and fruit at the store and the smell of coffee filled my nose. I quickly threw on my dress and joined them outside.

“So what are we going to do today, daddy?” I asked while I sat down at the table.

“I was thinking we should be hitting the road again today. We've been in one place much too long already.” he said, sipping his morning coffee.

“Oh no, we are not going anywhere today” mom said, as she grabbed a cushion off the couch and placed in on her chair. “There's no way I'm gonna be sitting in the car all day.”

Dad burst out laughing, nearly choking on his coffee.

“Don't laugh, I'm still terribly sore from last night” she said as she sat down on the pillow. “But as soon as I'm ready for it, I want you both again. So you better be warned!”

“It was that good, eh?” I asked

“Oh baby, you better believe it. I just thought I died”

I still had my reservations. Even though it had looked incredibly sexy, I was perfectly content with having just one cock stretch the walls of my pussy, without having another one tearing up my ass.

“Well, if we're not going away today, I want us to get ready to leave first thing tomorrow morning. We may have to camp in the wild again, so I want everything cleaned, the septic tank emptied, the water tank filled with fresh water, and plenty of food in the fridge” dad ordered.

“Okay boss. Anything else?” mom asked sarcastically.

“Yes. Make sure we have enough condoms”

Now it was mom's turn to choke on her coffee.

I was glad that dad took the job of emptying the septic tank on himself, but there was no escaping the other chores. Filling the water tank was easy. The tank had small wheels and a retractable handle so you could just let it roll behind you and not have to carry it. It was the perfect job for me.

First I had to let it drain and then go to the bath house and fill it with the hose outside.

As I waited for the tank to fill, a girl came to me. I recognized her as the daughter of the family from the RV next to us. She was about my age and had the looks of a stereotypical cheerleader: blond, athletic, bubbly and insanely gorgeous. Although we hadn't spoken more than a few words, she seemed like a nice girl, if only a little dumb. If we would have stayed a little longer in this place, we might have become friends.

“Hi, I am Misty” she said, as she walked up to me.

"Are you leaving already?" she asked innocently.

"Eh, yeah. My dad wants to leave tomorrow, 'see the country, you know'" I replied, trying to impersonate my father.

"That's too bad"

"Tell me about it" I sighed. I'd rather stay another day in bed than in the car.

"Do you really have sex with your parents?" she asked bluntly.

My insides turned to water as she said that.

"What... what makes you think that? It's absurd" I stammered.

She giggled. "Well, your caravan doesn't have, like, very thick walls. It was very obvious."

"Shit" I cursed silently.

"So is it true? Do you really fuck your dad? That's awesome!"

This was a surprise.

"Don't tell me you want to fuck your dad?" I asked.

She looked around, confirming we were alone.

"I like totally would! He's big and got lots of muscles, and he's got a really huge cock! But Daddy's so uptight, he would never want to fuck me”

“I'm sorry” I said softly, worried anyone would hear us.

“But my brother might. Luke's so dreamy. I saw him with his girlfriend once. His cock is nice too and he really knows how to use it. If only I knew how to seduce him. I think he wants it too, he's like always checking out my ass"

I couldn't blame her brother; the girl did have a fine ass. Nice big breasts too. I even found myself checking her out as she kept rambling on and on. Suddenly she was silent, looking at me, waiting for me to say something.

“Well?” she asked

“Well what?”

“How did it happen? How did you first fuck your father? I wanna know all about it”

God, what had I gotten myself into? This dumb broad was going to get our family in a lot of trouble if she didn't keep her mouth shut.

“I don't know… it sort of happened” I could hardly tell her that only two days ago I had been a demure virgin, pure in every way. “listen, can't we talk about something else?” I said, once again checking the surroundings for passing campers.

“I'm sorry,” Misty sighed. “I'm just so damned horny all the time. I'll go crazy if I don't get laid soon. Do you know I haven't had sex in two whole weeks?”

“That’s too bad”

“Yes. That's why it would be great if I could fuck Luke. He's my brother, so he's like always there, wherever we go”

I had to admit, it was a good argument. And who was I to judge? Anyway, I needed to keep her on friendly terms, and make sure she didn’t blab about what she knew about our family to anyone. If she just needed to fuck someone, I could simply ask Nick, but if I helped her to have sex with her brother, I had as much on her as she had on me and our secret would be safe. Besides, it could be fun to help another family 'come together'.

"I may have an idea that might work. Why don't you come with me to the showers, there's something I'd like to show you."

"Okay" she said and followed me.

I showed her the stall with the hole in the wall.

“On the other side is the men's shower” I said

“Oh?” It took a while before she got it. “Oh! You mean like on the internet?”

“You think I want to suck off a stranger?” Misty said, strangely offended.

“No, not a stranger,” I quickly said, “what if we arranged it so that Luke would be in that stall?”

“And then what?”

I knew this was going to take a little more time. I carefully explained to her that with only a hole connecting the two stalls, she could suck and fuck her brother like she wanted, and he would never know it was her. Finally she got it.

“Sweet” she said, all happy again. “But how do you know Luke will be using that shower?”

“Don't worry, I've got a plan”

I told her I’d meet her soon and went home, towing the heavy water tank behind me. Mom and dad were gone to the supermarket, but luckily my brother was still here, and had just finished his tasks. I talked to him about Misty and that she knew about us and our parents. He acknowledged the danger of the situation and agreed that it would be best if we got her to fuck her brother too. Bearing in mind that we would be leaving next morning, we had to act fast. First, Nick had to gain the trust of Misty’s unsuspecting brother Luke.

My brother always made new friends easily, and this time was no exception. Being both in college and both playing baseball, Nick and Luke had a lot in common. As he came home for lunch he told me he had succeeded in befriending the boy and that everything was going according to plan.

A little after lunchtime, but well before the evening rush, when the campsite would be almost deserted, he would introduce his new friend to the gloryhole. Of course, Misty and I would be waiting for them on the other side of the wall.

As soon as we were finished eating and the plates were clean, I was off to the bathhouse. Misty wasn't there yet, but after a minute she appeared from the other side of the building.

“Sorry, I had to pee. I was waiting almost an hour” she apologized. “Can we go now?”

“Wait, here take this” I said and gave her a toilet bag and a towel.

“Why?” she asked “Are we taking a shower? I thought I was going to fuck Luke?”

“Yes, but not everyone has to know that” I said

“Well I'm not telling anyone” she said, trying to reassure me.

I sighed, almost regretting ever laying eyes on her.

“Just carry these; at least you'll look like you're here for a shower”

Once Inside the bath house, I first checked the other stalls. We were alone, just as I had hoped. I led Misty to the farthest stall and locked the door behind us.

As I turned back, I saw Misty had taken off her shirt. Her breasts were truly breathtaking. The girl had a tad more body fat than I had, but I could see it had settled in all the right places. Her breasts were at least three sizes bigger than mine, yet they were just as firm and her big, hard nipples made my mouth water.

“Eh Misty, I told you, we're not really taking a shower”

“I know” she said, while she dropped her daisy dukes. “I just don't want any cum stains on my clothes. Besides, I love to be naked when I fuck”

She stood back up and laid her clothes on the shelf. She was wearing nothing but her panties. I could see she had a golden tan all over her body, with no visible tan lines.

She must have seen me admire her, as she made a little pirouette. “Tanning bed” she said. “Ain't it great?”

“Yeah, totally” damn, I was beginning to sound like her.

Then, without hesitation, she pulled down her panties, revealing a naked and very aroused pussy. I had to control myself, trying not to gawk at her treasures.

“You get naked too” she said suddenly. “They'll be here any moment now, right?”

I nodded again and began to shed my clothes while Misty sat down on the little bench and waited. I was feeling quite self-conscious as this sexy young woman watched me undress.

“Wow, you are so beautiful” she whispered suddenly.

I looked up and saw her standing in front of me.

“Did I tell you I like girls too?” she asked, lustfully.

She let her hand slide down from my shoulder, over my breasts, and gave them a little squeeze. Then she lowered her head and took my nipple in her mouth, gently biting down on the sensitive tip. I groaned softly, overcome with lust for this dim-witted, gorgeous girl. I lifted her chin and kissed her on the lips. She opened her mouth and welcomed my tongue. As we kissed, her hand snaked inside my panties and found my dripping pussy.

She knew exactly what she was doing, pressing her fingers down next to my clit and slowly moving then round in circles, massaging the lips and the fatty tissues of my mons, while avoiding direct contact with my sensitive little nub.

At the same time, my hands were equally busy; fondling her breasts and exploring her hairless mound and incredibly soft genital lips. If possible, her pussy was even wetter than mine; her sticky juices literally dripping down her thighs. It smelled powerfully arousing, directly stimulating the animal part of my brain and sending my sexuality into overdrive.

Misty moaned in my mouth as I plunged two fingers inside her soaking wet cunt. With my thumb I massaged her clit while I fucked her little hole. She stopped kissing and fingering as lust quickly took over. With her mouth open, panting shallowly and her eyes looking deep into mine, she came. Two weeks' worth of sexual frustration was released in a massive orgasm. Her body shook and I felt more wetness flood my hand. I pressed my mouth to hers, muffling the series of gasps and groans that resonated in the empty building.

“OMG, I needed that so bad” she giggled as she regained most of her senses.

Then she grabbed my hand and licked my fingers.

“I love the taste of pussy, don't you too?”

I had tasted only two pussies so far; mine and mom's, but I already developed a taste for it. I moved my hand to my mouth. The aroma was intoxicating. I licked, tasting her ambrosial nectar.

“I bet you taste just as good” she said.

She grabbed my panties and got on her knees, taking my last piece of clothing down with her. Her face was only inches from my pussy. With her fingers she trailed through my blonde little bush and occasionally between my legs.

“I've never seen a pussy this pretty” she said, slipping her fingers between my legs again. She still rubbed only the outer lips, teasing me as she left the most sensitive parts untouched. My body began to buck on its own, desperately seeking the elusive source of this pleasure as she played me like a finely tuned instrument. It was like this girl was created for only one purpose: Sex. She knew instinctively what to do to make me go insane with lust. My hips tilted, giving her maximal access to my pussy, begging to be touched.

Finally she pressed her lips against my pussy. I gasped as she her tongue rolled around my clit while she sucked softly.

Even though she was now right where I needed her, Misty was still in complete control of my movements and as she moved back, my knees gave way and my body slowly slid down the wall until I was lying on the wet floor. There she crawled on top of me, her head between my legs and her knees above my shoulders. In front of me were her pink lips, swollen with lust and dripping with moisture. I immediately latched on to this juicy pussy and licked her while she ate me. At times it was difficult to keep pleasing her as her lips, tongue and fingers worked their magic, just like she had to abandon my pussy every time my tongue brought her off again.

Suddenly there closed a door in the men’s shower and I heard a pair of muffled voices. From my position on the floor, I saw two pair of feet enter the stall next to us. One pair I recognized as my brother's and the other must have been Luke's. I tapped Misty on her back and whispered that the boys were here. She immediately climbed off of me and asked me what to do. I told her to sit quiet and watch what I did.

Like mom had taught me a few days before, I stuck my fingers through the hole and softly tapped the wall. There was a rustle of clothes and seconds later a nice hard cock was pushed through the hole.

“Is that Nick?” Misty asked excited.

I nodded, again motioning her to be quiet.

I knelt in front of the hole and let my tongue trace the underside of my brother's cock, from where it emerged out of the wall to the shiny purple head. I could hear a lustful groan as I closed my lips around the head and sucked softly while I slid all the way down to the wall. I found out I was able to suppress my gag reflex quite well, now I couldn't let him go too deep.

Misty was watching me intently, fingering her pussy as I blew my brother. I could see how much she wanted to join in and, in a moment of compassion, I pulled back and offered her my brother’s cock. Her eyes lit up and she literally jumped at the opportunity. In less than a second she had taken my place at the hole and had Nick’s cock deep in her mouth. She sucked on it as if she hadn't had a drink in three days, bobbing her head wildly and taking him as deep as circumstances allowed.

After only a minute or two of this intense cock-sucking, I heard Nick groan and I saw Misty's cheeks bulge as he pumped a big load of sperm in her mouth. She eagerly swallowed and kept sucking until his cock stopped squirting and slowly began to lose its stiffness.

Nick finally pulled his wilting penis back in the hole, but he was quickly replaced by a fresh, hard cock. Luke's cock was a little bigger than my brother's. Not as big as daddy's, but a nice member for sure. I could see Misty was positively drooling at the sight of her brother's erection. She all but dove at it and gobbled up his rod with the same hunger and enthusiasm as she had done Nick’s. Grunts from the other side of the wall told me she was doing a great job. Too great a job actually and I warned her that if she still wanted to fuck him, she might want to slow down a bit.

Instead of easing down, she stopped sucking altogether and got back on her feet. She turned around, bent forwards a little and aimed Luke’s cock between her legs. Then, as she moved back towards the wall, she let her brother's penis slide into her well lubricated cunt. She moaned of release as her aching pussy was finally invaded again by throbbing, hard male flesh.

“So good” she groaned between her teeth as she pressed her ass firmly against the wall, taking him in as deep as possible.

I didn't have to give her any instructions. She was by no means a virgin, and although she would never be a great scientist, fucking came natural to her. She made the most of the limited range of movement she had, slapping her butt against the wall as she fucked her brother. It wasn't long before she had another one of her dripping wet orgasms. Panting and shaking she steadied herself with one hand against the opposite wall and pushed back against the hole as much as she could and let her brother take over. Luke moved his cock in and out the hole, fucking his sister’s pussy at high pace. The fingers of Misty’s free hand were racing over her swollen clit, desperately trying to give her that last extra bit of pleasure to push her over the edge again.

“He's cumming!” she whispered after another minute of intense fucking. She was still energetically rubbing her pussy, her fingers whipping the dripping cum into a creamy lather.

I had to praise Luke's stamina, even after cumming he kept fucking his sister long enough for her to cum once more. In the end, he had to give up and withdrew his cock from her dripping pussy and back into the hole. At least temporarily satisfied, Misty stepped away from the wall, her legs still wobbly from cumming so hard. She had a big, happy grin on her face.

“Wow… just… wow” she smiled as she finally caught her breath.

I whispered we better had to go, before anybody found out about us. Suddenly I heard my brother yell “No! Don't!”

A shadow on the other side of the hole told me that Luke had not obeyed Nick's explicit instructions and peeked through the hole. He had probably not seen me, but he could hardly have missed Misty, who stood directly in front of the hole, still dripping semen from her pussy.

“Dude, that's my sister!” I heard Luke gasp.

Shit. So much for keeping it secret. Misty had heard it too and looked at me with panic in her eyes.

“Let's get dressed and then we’ll talk outside” I said.

Luke and Nick were waiting for us outside, sitting at the same picnic table our family had used yesterday to have this exact same conversation.

“That was you in there, wasn't it?” Luke asked his sister.

She nodded her head, looking down guilty.

“I can't believe you did that, man” he then said to Nick, punching his shoulder.

Nick took the beating without punching him back, knowing he deserved it.

“I’m sorry I tricked you into fucking me,” Misty said, “I didn’t know you’d be mad”

“Mad? No, that was by far the best sex I ever had. I've never cum like that, but… I just wish you weren't my sister” he said.

“Well, I am.” Misty said.

“So it was all your idea then?” he asked rather incredulous.

“Well, not really. But we did it because I just wanted fuck you so bad”

“But I’m your brother! Why didn’t you fuck Nick or something?”

“I don’t want to fuck Nick. I want to fuck you!”

“Me? But why?”

“I guess I've been wanting to fuck you ever since I saw you with Denise. But it wasn't until I talked to Val that I realized it.”

“I'm sorry we had to trick you” I said.

“Well, I'm not sorry anymore. I loved fucking you too and if I have to trick you again, I would.” Misty said defiantly.

“I've got to think” he said and walked away.

The three of us stayed behind, but it wasn't long before Luke came back. Misty ran to meet up with him. They exchanged a few words after which Misty threw his arms around him and kissed him on the mouth. Immediately they realized everyone could see them and broke up again. I was glad for her; it appeared my bubbly friend had gotten her wish. They would definitely fuck again.

As they walked towards us, they were busy talking. Luke and Misty were looking worried.

“So what's going on now?” Nick asked

“Can we go somewhere private?” Luke asked, ignoring Nick’s question.

This was serious. I nodded and we walked to a more secluded spot.

“I just met my father. I'm probably not allowed to tell you, but he told me I not to see you guys anymore. He said you and your family are a bunch of perverts and he's going to inform the police tomorrow, as soon as the station opens”

“Fuck!” Nick cursed.

“Yeah. What did you do?” Luke asked.

“She fucked her father” Misty answered for me.

“That's all?”

“And him. And their mother” she added.

“Wow” he sighed, truly impressed.

“And dad knows about that?”

“Apparently”

“They don't really throw you in jail for that, do they?” I asked worried.

“I don't know. There are a lot of narrow-minded people in this world” Nick said grimly.

“And dad is one of them” Luke added.

We all were silent for a while, digesting the information.

“I bet he's just jealous” Misty said.

“Jealous? Why?” Luke asked his sister.

“Don’t you know? He hasn’t had sex in, like, two years” she explained.

“And how would you know?”

“My bedroom is next to theirs, I can hear everything they say or do in there. Mom and dad just don’t have sex anymore. I’ve heard him beg for it, but mom doesn't want it. It hurts, she says”

“And now he takes his revenge on innocent people? Fuck him!” Nick said angry.

“I know it’s not fair, but what are we going to do about it” I said, trying to calm him down.

We all sat silently for a few minutes, racking our brains for a solution. The idea of killing him and hiding his body flashed through my mind, but nothing practical.

“I don’t know. Let’s tell mom and dad, maybe they can buy his silence” Nick suggested.

“They won’t be back for another few hours, and they don’t have that much money anyhow” I said.

“Then what do you suggest we do?”

“I don’t know.” I sighed. Another silence followed.

“If only we could get him laid. I bet he'd mellow up and forget about the whole thing” Luke jested, trying to lighten the atmosphere a bit.

“That's not a bad idea, actually” I said

“I was just kidding. Are you gonna fuck our dad?” he asked.

“No, but there's another girl who would love to do it”

Luke and Nick both stared at Misty, who turned a deep red. “Have you seen his cock?” she said in her defense.

We all laughed, Misty too.

“So, assuming your insane idea works, how do you want to get it done?” Luke asked.

“I' think I’ve got a plan… Nick, go get my new black bikini, and bring mom's red one too. And two of those sheer scarves” I told my brother.

“Okay, anything else?”

“Not yet. Luke, your task is to make sure your mother is gone for a few hours. Take her for a walk or something. We need your father to be alone, and he must know it.”

“And you Misty, you come with me. We're going to make you irresistible to any sex-starved male”

“We’re gonna get you ready to fuck your father”

“Oh, right. Sweet!”

Before we split up, I had a private word with Nick and told him to bring my camera, and also a screwdriver and a pair of pliers. Then we were off in different directions. Misty and I went back inside the bathhouse, while Nick and Luke took different paths towards their homes. Misty undressed again and took a quick shower, washing away the sweat and dust of the day. Meanwhile, I emptied and thoroughly cleaned my bottle of shampoo and filled it with warm water.

“Here, use this to clean your pussy” I said.

Misty looked a little puzzled

“Your pussy is still full of Luke's cum, isn’t it?”

“I guess,” she giggled. “He did cum a lot”

“So what if your dad notices?”

Misty understood and pressed the narrow neck up inside her. She squeezed the bottle and a flood of water and cum squirted out of her pussy. Then we filled the bottle with water again and repeated the procedure a few more times.

“Let me have a taste” I whispered.

Misty giggled softly and spread her legs. She leaned against the wall and arched her back, offering her pussy for a thorough examination. I knelt in front of her and slid my fingers inside her. A little more water trickled down my fingers. I played with her pussy a little more until I felt that she was becoming aroused again. Her body was working hard to replace the natural lubricant she just washed away. I licked her juices off my fingers, examining its taste.

There wasn't much flavor yet, but she tasted pretty much the same way she did when I first licked her, only a little fresher, sweeter. It was perfect for eating her out.

Just as we were finished, there was a knock on the door. Nick was back with the bikinis and my bag. Mom's tiny red top perfectly fitted Misty's luscious breasts; pushing them up just a little, and showing just enough details to tell her nipples were hard. The thong bikini beautifully framed her firm round ass, her cheeks almost naked and showing off her perfect tan, while the front clearly outlined the shape of her hairless pussy. The finishing touch was the sheer scarf, loosely tied around her waist, barely concealing the treasures hidden underneath it. All in all, she looked like a wet dream come to life.

This had been the easy part. Now we had to work on her playing her role to perfection. We sat down at the picnic table again and I told her every step of the plan. I explained to her what she had to do and what she had to say. I knew she probably had to improvise a bit, but was quite sure she could pull it off. After rehearsing her one last time, we got up and headed to the RV.

Her father was sitting outside, reading a magazine and sipping a beer. I could see two empty bottles lying in the grass next to him. If this was his third bottle already, he’d be mildly drunk by now. He finally noticed our arrival and his eyes immediately were all over his daughter. The look in his eyes was definitely not one that a father was supposed to have when looking at his child. Then he noticed me and I could see his expression change, his eyes now burning with hatred and envy. He growled a greeting, but dared not to tell me to piss off in front of his daughter.

Misty however, played her role beautifully. Her hips swayed sensuously as she walked towards her father and the scarf around her waist came loose at just the right moment. Of course she then had to bend over and pick it up again. The lump in her father shorts was already obvious. The entire outline of his cock was visible, trapped in one of the trouser legs and desperately trying to break free. I could see Misty hadn't been exaggerating when she mentioned his size. It really was huge, 10 inches at least, and thick too.

He seemed to have forgotten my presence completely as his eyes now were glued on his daughter's ass and pussy, which were not at all covered by the tiny red string that held the front and back together. Both her wrinkled asshole and the hairless labia were on full display. Her arousal was unmistakable as her wetness gleamed in the sunlight. I heard the father groan softly and I saw a small wet spot emerge in his pants.

Misty had dawdled as long as she could and stood up again, wrapping the scarf slowly back on her hips, while making sure her father had a good view of her round breasts and hard nipples. Then, as she stepped closer to her father and moved in to sit down, the man seemed to remember that this girl he was lusting for was actually his daughter. He cleared his throat and got out of his chair, covering his crotch with the magazine.

“I'll eh… I’ll get you girls something to drink” he said and disappeared into the caravan.

This was going far better than I had planned and I told Misty to go inside and confront him. A minute later she was back outside, claiming he was gone. With some reservations I went with her inside the RV and checked the kitchen. He wasn't there, nor in the living area or bedroom. There was only one door left, leading to the bathroom. I lay my ear against the door and listened. A soft thumping sound and heavy breathing told me all I needed to hear. I motioned for Misty to get ready to open the door while I retrieved the screwdriver from my bag. As quietly as possible I unlocked the door and as Misty pulled it open, I hid myself behind the open door.

Peeking through the hinges, I saw it couldn't be better; inside the tiny bathroom was Misty's father, sitting on the toilet, his shorts around his ankles and his fist around his massive cock. To make the picture complete, he had a pair of panties in his hand and was sniffing the crotch. I quickly grabbed my camera and snapped a photo. If things went south from here, this compromising picture might be enough to blackmail him.

“Misty!” he gasped as he saw his darling daughter stand in the doorway.

She stepped into the tiny bathroom without hesitation and untied the strings of her bikini. Without saying a word, she let the strips of cloth drop to the floor and stood naked in front of her father.

“What are you doing here? Where is that other girl?” he asked cautiously.

“She had to go home. Are those my panties?”

She did it perfectly, even better than I had hoped. I could see the man relax a bit now that he thought they were alone.

“Were you smelling my panties, daddy?”

He cleared his throat again and started “Well... I...”

“I knew why you do it daddy” she said as she stepped forward.

“You shouldn’t be here honey”

“It feels good, doesn't it, daddy?” she said seductively and made another step. She was now standing directly above his lap, her legs slightly spread. She mostly blocked my view of her father, but I bet he was looking at her with pure lust.

“What, honey?” he groaned.

“Fucking” she said as she pulled her father's hand from his crotch and pressed it against her breast. Then she repeated this with his other hand and leaned forward a bit. I could see between her legs and saw the man's huge cock point up at her moist pussy.

“Do you want to fuck me, daddy?” she said, lowering herself a fraction of an inch, just enough to let the tip touch her lips for the briefest of moments.

“God, yes! I can't help it” he groaned

“Say it daddy, say it and you can have me”

“God, Misty, I want to fuck you so bad” he groaned.

“Take me to the bedroom daddy”

The man, delirious with lust, kicked off his shorts, scooped his daughter off the floor and carried her the ten steps to the bedroom. There he laid her on her back and dove headfirst between her legs. Misty made soft mewling sounds as her father ate her pussy, and within minutes I saw the first signs of a massive orgasm. After only a quick fuck with her brother, she had lots of pent up sexual energy still stored in her sexy body, and soon she reached her first climax with her father. Her hips thrust in the air and fists clenched the sheets as she came, biting her lips to keep quiet.

Having made her cum two, three times more on his tongue, he finally got up and pulled her in his arms again, kissing her passionately. She then untangled herself from his arms, got on her knees and grabbed her father’s cock. His swollen penis looked truly massive in her small hands as she jacked him off with both hands and licked the big round head.

“Baby, don’t” he groaned, and for a moment I feared he was going to send Misty away. “You’ll make me cum if you don’t stop now”

Misty didn’t listen to his warning and kept jacking him off until suddenly his cock jerked upward and spat out a thick, white jet of sperm all over her face. Two more jets landed on her lips and cheeks before she could catch the remainder of his load in her mouth. I quickly shot another few pictures, pictures that wouldn’t have looked out of place in any porno magazine.

Misty’s father groaned loudly as his daughter closed her lips on the tip and sucked, drinking every last drop straight from his cock. Misty had trouble taking his cock in her mouth, and even when she did, only the tip fit inside. Still she managed to suck him back to hardness. When she was assured he was ready to go again, she got back on the bed. She got on her hands and knees, looked to her father behind her and, pushing her ass up in the air, told him to fuck her.

The man didn’t have to be told twice, as he got behind her and aimed his cock at his daughter’s dripping wet pussy. I didn’t expect Misty would be able to accommodate such a big penis, but when her father applied a bit of pressure, she opened up and the tip slipped in her. A yelp of joy sounded from the girl, telling us all how good it felt. Reassured, he renewed his grip on her waist and pressed on again. Aided by his daughter’s plentiful lubricating juices, his cock slid all the way inside her with amazing ease. He didn’t gave the girl much time to get used to his cock, because as soon as his hips touched her butt, he pulled back and thrust it into her again.

Again she looked behind again, not at her father this time, but at me; smiling in heavenly bliss as she was finally fucking her father. I smiled back at her and she turned back, her attention now solely on her father and his powerful cock. I shot a final few pictures of our neighbor fucking his daughter and got out of my hiding place. My plan to get pictures of them together had worked beautifully, and I could leave now, leaving the incestuous couple to their passionate lovemaking. I sneaked out the RV, leaving Misty in the capable hands of her father, just as another orgasm took hold of her body.

When I came home, the rest of the family was waiting for me. I could see mom was worried.

“What is going on, Nick said we were getting arrested?” dad asked

“We can rest assured now; I don't think they will go to the police”

“Why do you think that?”

“Because right now, our neighbor is fucking his daughter.”

“Is he?” mom asked surprised.

“We need proof” dad said.

“Do you want photo, or video?” I asked, handing him my camera.

“Oh, this is brilliant, Val” dad said as he saw the picture of Misty on her hands and knees, getting fucked by her father. “I could kiss you right now”

“By all means, don't let me stop you” I laughed.

There was a sigh of relief in the caravan. We knew we had dodged a bullet. Dad launched himself from his chair and grabbed me, tearing off my bikini and throwing me on the bed. Seconds later he was naked too and all over me. We all fucked on the big bed again, but this time we did it without making a single noise. Then we went out for dinner and as soon as we were back, we fucked until the sun went down.

The next morning we got up early, ready to leave at daybreak. But first, dad had to confront our neighbors, in case Misty’s father still intended to inform the police. Before could leave the caravan, there was a knock on the door. It was Misty, carrying a little red bikini and matching scarf.

She hugged me for a long time, thanking me again and again. She said she was a bit sore from fucking her father's big dick all night, but that she had cum more times than she could count.

“Wait, he fucked you all night?”

“OMG yes, I’ve never been fucked this much. It was like daddy’s cock never went down at all; he just fucked me again and again and again”

“But where was your mother during this?” mom asked.

Misty bit her lip, realizing she told something she shouldn’t have.

“I'm not supposed to tell anyone, but mom spent the night with Luke on the folding bed. Dad's cock may be too big for her, but Luke's fits just fine” she giggled.

“Huh, when did that happen?”

“When did you leave? Was it before or after daddy came in my pussy?”

“I don’t know. He was fucking you doggy style”

“Ehm, I think that was before. Well, after he came, I sucked his cock again and we did it once more, with me on top. The second time we fucked he lasted really long before he came, and we sort of fell asleep right after. That's how mom found us; naked on the bed and a big pool of dad’s cum between my legs.”

“Did she freak?”

“No, not at all; she was, like, happy for us. Dad was completely honest, crying almost. He said he loved her so much, but that he also was a man. And then he told her everything; about how much he had wanted to fuck me and how jealous he was of you guys. He told her he was jacking off in the toilet after seeing my pussy and that he must have forgotten the lock. He said I caught him and that one thing lead to the next and that we ended up in bed together.”

I grinned. “That's one way of telling it. Did she believe him?”

“I think so. She asked me if that was true and I said yes. Then she asked me if his cock had not hurt me and I said that it was the best thing I had ever felt. Then she laughed and said she was glad and gave us her blessing.”

“But how did Luke get involved?”

“That was a kind of mix-up. When Luke came home, a few minutes after mom, we were all in bed, hugging and kissing. He must have thought we were having a threesome, so he got in with us and kissed me and mom too. I don't know exactly how it happened, but a few minutes later mom’s dress was on the floor and Luke was her between legs, his cock inside her, and she was cumming over and over again.”

There was another, firmer knock on the door. For a moment the fear of being arrested was back. Cautiously I peeked through the window.

“It's her dad” I whispered.

Mom was the closest to the door and let Misty’s father in. It was like he had become a totally different person. Nothing in his soft demeanor reminded me of the grumpy uptight man I had been so afraid of, mere hours before.

“I guess I owe you guys an apology” he said and handed mom a small yellow envelope. She looked inside and retrieved a few Polaroid pictures of me, Nick, mom and dad fucking in various sexual positions on the big bed. “I think Misty has spilled our little secret already?” he asked.

Mom nodded, confirming his suspicions.

“That’s okay; I just wanted to say I was an idiot, and I'm sorry. I have to thank you all for showing me, also on behalf of my wife. I've never seen her this happy”

“Thank you, mr…”

“Thank you, Mister Nash. Here, please keep this one” she said, handing him one of the photos. It was a picture of the four of us in the bed, all fucked out. There was no sexual activity in the photo, but when you knew the context, it said more than a thousand words.

“Keep it as a little memento, like the ones we took of you”

The man looked surprised

“I think we owe you an apology as well.” mom said. “You see, when I heard you wanted to go to the police, I had to protect my family. I came to your RV to talk you out of it. When I heard what was going on inside I broke in and took these pictures of you and Misty. I was planning to use them for leverage, but I guess we won’t be needing them now” she said, showing him the photos on my camera.

“Apologies accepted” Mr. Nash laughed.

I copied the pictures to a flash drive and gave it to them. A few minutes later, we said goodbye as friends. I got a final farewell hug from Misty and the two walked out, his arm loosely around her waist.

Dad reminded us we had to go. We attached the caravan to the car and piled inside. As we drove off, our neighbors were waiting for us at the park entrance and waved until they were nothing but specks on the horizon.

“Where are we going now, dad?” Nick asked, as we approached the first major intersection.

“I eh… I don’t know” he said, fumbling with the map.

“I don't care where we go, as long as there's a big soft bed and four solid walls around it” I added.

“You know, I think we have all of those at home” Nick joked.

“If we'll take the interstate, we can be there before nightfall” mom chipped in.

Dad didn't say anything, just steered left, heading home.