It Started with a Flash
bypcarst©

My wife, Cindy, loves to wear flirty sundresses. We had gone out to the local store to do some shopping. It was a typical breezy warm and sunny summer day and Cindy was feeling pretty happy. We had just left the store carrying some packages when the wind picked up and lifted her dress up over her arms. Cindy let out a little scream and tried to pull the dress down since her little string panties were all that kept her from showing everything she had.

As I moved over to her to help her out, I heard a loud, "Oh Wow!" off to the side. I looked over and saw that our friend Bob was coming in from the parking lot and was getting a full view. I told him to stop looking and help out. Between us, we took Cindy's packages and she was able to hold down her dress. She was embarrassed but was also laughing at the same time. Bob was nice enough to help us to the car and she gave him a big hug in thanks.

"Hey Bob. We really appreciate you coming to our rescue back there. I don't think Cindy meant to flash the entire store but that was a heck of a wind burst. Why don't you come over a get a beer when you are finished in the store. It is the least we can do!"

"Anytime I get a chance to help a pretty girl with such tiny pink panties, I am your man! Ha ha. Sure, give me a bit and I will swing by."

Our home is only a few minutes away so got back and put everything away. Cindy was still a bit flushed but I reminded her that it was good that she always followed her mother's advice to wear clean underwear. The bruise on my arm will hopefully not be too large...

We had just sat down and turned on the game when we heard Bob knock at the door. Letting him in, he passed a cold six pack over to me. I told him that I had offered a beer to him to thank him but he said that the pleasure was all his. Cindy turned a bit red but gave him another thank you hug anyway. I told Bob that the game was on and he was welcome to watch. We headed over to the couch and settled in.

It was a tight game but our home team lost. To lighten up the mood, I asked Bob if he had seen Cindy's tattoo when she flashed him. (I moved just in time to save my other arm..)

"No, I didn't see a tattoo." Bob said. "What does it look like?"

"It is a bunch of flowers and vines," I said. "Cindy is really proud of it but since it is hidden, not many have seen it, other than the tattoo artist of course!"

"Cindy, would you like to show Bob your tattoo? He has already seen your panties but I bet he would love to see your pretty tattoo."

Cindy had been quietly sitting there while we talked about her but not knowing what to say. She had been embarrassed when her dress flew up but excited too. She was also happy that all the money she had spent at Victoria's Secret on pretty panties might have been worth it! The talk about her tattoo was also getting her hot. She did love her tattoo and secretly wanted a way to show it off but never quite found an opportunity. Bob was only a friend but nothing like this had ever happened with him before. 

"Stand up Cindy. Stand here in front of Bob and lift your dress".

Cindy gave me a stern look but then slowly stood up and turned around in front of Bob.

"Go ahead, lift up your dress. A bit higher, good. Now pull down the front of your panties so Bob can see your tattoo."

Cindy's tattoo was on her mound just above her vagina slit. It is mostly covered by her panties so she needed to pull them down a bit to show it off.

Bob sat forward on his seat as the pretty design came into view. "That is so beautiful, Cindy. I can see why you like it so much. Did it hurt when it was put on?"

Cindy kinda laughed and said a lot. It actually took a couple sessions as there was only so long she could stand the needle. I said that she had been a trooper and was so excited about how nice it looked that she had endured the pain quite well.

I noticed that Cindy had not been shaved in awhile so the tattoo was a bit covered. I told Bob that was my fault as she had always had me shave her pubic region for her.

"Hey Bob, how about you shave her this time?" Cindy dropped her skirt and reached back to give me another hit on the arm. 

"I really don't think Bob would want to do that. Yes, I like it when you shave me but that is something we do together."

"That would be so cool," Bob said. "I would love to shave your tattoo, Cindy. I have never done that to a woman before tho."

Cindy glared at me and told me that we needed to talk in the bedroom. We excused ourselves and left Bob on the couch to wonder what was next.

Cindy said she was not really happy at how this was going. Yes, she had gotten excited when her dress had flown up at the store and that showing her panties and tattoo to Bob was fun as well. I reached under her dress and found her panties were soaked so I knew she was actually enjoying the exhibition of her body.

She said that if she lets Bob shave her, will that be it? She didn't want to end up having sex with him or anything. I told her that we would keep it under control and just give her the chance to show off her tattoo that she is so proud of.

"ok, get the razor and the towels and let's get this done before I change my mind," she said. "You talk me into the craziest things!"

We gathered the shaving materials and went back out in the living room where Bob was anxiously waiting. Cindy told him that it was ok to shave her but nothing else. She laid out the towel on the couch as I went to get another towel soaked with warm water.

"Ok, Bob. I am going to take off my dress any lay down. You need to behave and just get the job done. I really don't know why I let you talk me into this but let's get it over with." Cindy reached back and unzipped her sundress. As it dropped to the floor, Bob looked at her standing there in just her little pink panties. Cindy then slid those down her legs and suddenly there was a naked lady in all her glory.

Cindy positioned herself back on the towel and handed Bob the razor. "Be careful and don't cut me!" she reminded her.

I told Bob to take the warm towel and lay it on her to soften up the hairs. He sat down at the end of the couch between her legs and got ready to begin the shaving task. Carefully, and always going with the grain, he began cleaning her pubic mound of the slightly brown hair. She last was shaved about a month ago so her hair was not very thick and the hairs were easy to work with. Soon, all the area around her tattoo was clean again and Bob remarked that indeed the tattoo looked great.

Cindy felt the area and said that he was doing pretty good. "Be careful but I don't like any hair down there so get around my lips too."

I showed Bob how to pull the skin tight on both sides of her vagina. I heard Cindy take a quick breath and grip my hand as Bob pulled her labia to get around. She lifted her butt higher so he could do the lower area near her ass too. I could tell that he was concentrating on doing a good job but that he was having fun too. Did he really need to have his fingers in her pussy and so close to her clit? 

Cindy was definitely not minding as her head was back and her eyes closed. Bob said he was pretty much done but wanted to take one last pass to make sure. As his fingers moved around her vagina to feel for any remaining hairs, Cindy couldn't but help to move her crotch around. She was very wet. She was breathing hard and obviously close to coming. Bob look up at me and I gave him a nod to go ahead. He proceeded to bend down and flick his tongue across her clit.

"AAAAhhhhh! Just like that. Ohhh yeah!" as Cindy reached down and pulled Bob's head into her crotch. "Oh Shit. I am coming..." as her whole body convulsed in a strong orgasm.

"Wow" was all Bob could say as he sat back up. "That was incredible."

Cindy slowly calmed her breathing down and opened her eyes. "You were just supposed to shave me, you bum! I do have to admit that you did an outstanding job. Not sure this will ever happen again so let us just keep this between us, ok?" as she smiled over at Bob.


