“When did I get all of these things!”

Alice, surrounded by piles of clothing, knickknacks and random items, threw her hands in the air, frustrated. She had less than a week before the Wonder would sail for China and she still had to finish her packing. She fought her way out of the maze of belongings and finally stood by the dresser and mirror. Her trunk was only half packed and she was already sick of deciding what to take with her for the year-long voyage. The only reason she continued to mess with it all today was because she was trying not to think about Benton.

She leaned back against the dresser and sighed, glancing around the room again. Just three weeks ago Benton had asked for formal permission to court her. Naturally her mother and sister were thrilled and pressured Alice to agree. It hadn’t been a horrible thought at the time. She and Benton had continued to be intimate (discreetly, of course) since that first tryst months ago and Alice had discovered that she was more relaxed in his company outside of her flat. His actions showed that he did care for her and the proposal wasn’t entirely a surprise. Her acceptance, however reluctant, had been. And Alice knew the reason why.

She didn’t love Benton.

Oh, she cared for him. He was comfortable to be around and their bouts of sex were refreshing, ranging from rough to tender even in the same session. Most of all she enjoyed his friendship and the way he seemed to know her better than anyone else in her life. Sometimes he would say things that made her wonder if he even knew her dreams and the secret imaginings that she had never confessed to anyone.

But there was something missing.

For all that she liked Benton and enjoyed his company in and out of the bedroom, she knew that he didn’t fill that one place in her heart that the man she married should (and for some reason she imagined that man having flaming red hair, bright green eyes and a gap-toothed smile…none of which fit Benton). Before his request to court her and her acceptance she had been able to ignore it but now she found herself dwelling on it almost constantly. As she glanced around the room her eyes landed on the mirror that had a large sheet draped over it. For a few moments Alice stared at it, puzzled as to how it had gotten covered. Then she remembered. Just a week ago Benton had covered it, stating that he didn’t want anything to distract her from what he was about to do.

And what he had done to her had indeed consumed her full attention. Alice had to admit that she hadn’t known it was possible for a man’s tongue to be so…talented.

What made the incident stick in her mind was not Benton’s talent but instead that it was the first time he’d ever not wanted her to look in the mirror at some point. She looked at the covered mirror, her thoughts wandering back to the time when she’d felt her imagined watcher so clearly. Things had seemed so much less complicated then even with that feeling of going mad. True, Benton gave her grounding, a solid thing to hold onto here in this real world but more and more Alice found herself craving that feeling of madness.

She reached out to the mirror and gently tugged the sheet off of it, blinking at the reflection of the lamps currently burning in her room. Moving to stand in front of it, she let her fingers trail over the cool surface and sighed. What was the name she had given her imaginary watcher? Oh yes…

“Tarrant,” she whispered, as though the mirror could hear her.

And perhaps it could. Alice shivered as that “watched” feeling intensified. She smiled, realizing exactly how much she had missed that feeling, even if it was only her imagination. While Benton was a wonderful lover and able to make her beg for more, he had never been able to give her this particular feeling.

Her fingers slid down the glass and her arm dropped to rest at her side. Alice sighed. “So what will you do, Alice?” she asked herself, staring into her own brown eyes. There were several options in front of her at the moment, all of them painful in some way. She could go forward with Benton’s courtship and marry him after her return. He had already told her that he would happily wait for her return (and had promised to make her homecoming quite memorable). It wasn’t a horrible future to contemplate and Alice was very aware that people often married without love being part of the equation. Still, it made her heart ache a bit to think about missing that one simply emotion.

Another option was to turn down Benton’s courtship before she left. That option also caused her to wince as she pondered it. Though she didn’t love the man, she did care for him and she knew it would hurt him if she turned him down. There was too much between them at this point for any friendship to be salvaged, at least not now. Perhaps after she returned they might be able to simply be friends, but right away it would be far too painful.

And that would leave her with….what exactly?

Her work? A flat to herself? A mirror? Her imagination?

At that she had to laugh. She may not love Benton but Alice would admit that he did keep her warm on the nights he stayed with her. Her imagination, on the other hand, always left her wanting.

Which would she be happier with?

Alice …

Her eyes drifted upward, above her own reflection and she imagined there was just the faintest suggestion of bright green eyes staring at her. As she watched them her mind began to fill in traces of detail: the outline of a face, smudges of color for lips. But why would her imagination show her a watcher who appeared so heartbreakingly sad? Those (imaginary) eyes held her for a long moment and Alice felt as though her heart was breaking.

A motion closer to her shoulder caught her attention and she broke off their stare, looking instead at the barest reflection laid over her own. She saw that familiar (not real!) hand holding something out to her, a small vial of liquid. Alice was now completely confused and wished her imagination would at least choose a fantasy that made some sort of sense, or at least was more along the lines of the previous ones. It wasn’t as though she could take the vial from her imagination. Out of curiosity she moved her hand until it was flat against the mirror’s surface, over the reflection of her madness.

Drink… 

Without pausing to think, Alice closed her eyes and tilted her head back, her hands still pressed against the mirror. She could almost feel the light brush of fingertips against her cheek, the sharp coldness of metal on one of them making her tingle. The tingling moved down the side of her neck, pausing for a moment in the hollow of her throat and Alice felt warmth begin to spread through her, radiating from that point.

Her imagination must have been making up for lost time and Alice allowed her mind to relinquish control to it. How sweet the feeling of that (imagined) familiar touch. Once more her imagination even provided the sound of his breathing, so shallow and rapid. She felt her watcher’s breath on her cheek as just a whisper of warm air, swept in from the open window.

All in her mind. All an elaborate fantasy of her own creation. Not real. Never real.

Could she give up the chance to have something real, even if it wasn’t the right real, for a mad fantasy?

Opening her eyes, she looked up into the mirror once again, finding those green eyes still staring at her. Slowly, she moved her hand to reach up and touch the glass where the (imagined!) reflection of his cheek would have been. The mirror’s surface, normally so cool, felt warm under the palm of her hand and she smiled again. Alice kept that hand in place and moved her other hand to cover the warmth where she imagined her watcher’s hand to be. Her lamp, burning on the table near her bed, flickered at the sudden gust of warm air from her window.

Yes, this is what she had been missing.

Alice gently moved her hand down the front of her dress, still imagining his hand trapped under hers. She paused as she reached the top of her breast (still free from those bloody corsets) and rested there for a moment, feeling her heartbeat, strong and steady. This feeling, this tingling, sweet, shivering sensation was never one that she had felt with Benton. Though he made her feel many things, this one particular one seemed to be reserved for her imaginary watcher alone.

She moved her hand downward, feeling the smooth fabric of her dress slide beneath her fingers, still feeling the warmth that seemed too much for just her small hand.

Aye… 

The imagined word, tinged with a brogue made her gasp and she turned, placing her back against the mirror, needing to lean against its surface for support. Between her legs, Alice could feel the throbbing and she obligingly moved her hand lower. The sound of a low, familiar (never real!) growl in her ear shook her and she felt her muscles clench, anticipating the release that she hoped to find soon. The mirror’s surface must have been absorbing the heat from her body as it grew warm so quickly against her back.

Finally her hand reached her waist and there she halted. Alice relinquished her grip on the mirror with her other hand to reach lower, grasp her skirts and begin to gather them higher and higher until she felt the cooler air against her bare knees. Now she was able to move her other hand, still holding his imagined one, to press against that throbbing spot. Even through the remaining thin layers of fabric Alice could feel the dampness against her fingers and shuddered. Suddenly there was a moment of shifting and the imagined hand under hers was gone for a brief moment.

Yer mine… 

Then the warmth was back, on top of her hand and Alice pressed harder, her fingers rubbing and moving against the damp material. Though her knees began to shake she felt the mirror steadying her and she gasped, knowing that release was so very close. An imagined pressure on top of her hand urged her on, the air in the room moving and sounding very much like a man’s heavy breathing in her ear. Alice felt it then, the moment when her whole body stilled for an instant and seemed to clench in anticipation. Even the breath in her lungs caught and burned as she froze. Suddenly her hand moved involuntarily and sent her form into the welcome spasms of pleasure. She gasped and heard her own voice, crying out softly, wordlessly.

It was a long moment before she was aware of anything else. When she finally opened her eyes again she realized that she was sitting on the floor, her side and cheek pressed against the mirror. Alice leaned back slightly, looking at her flushed reflection and noticed the smile on her face that hadn’t been there in some time.

She knew her choice was made.

This fantasy, this imaginary man that she had created, this was the one thing she craved. Not Benton and his very real body and pleasure. No, nothing Benton had done with her could quite match what her imagination could give her.

Even if it wasn’t real, it was enough for her. She had been given the choice and she drank willingly and deeply.

Madness tasted like honey and tea on her lips.