14. – Snake

This time, my apartment door did not shut the nightmare out, but rather trapped me inside with it. The young serpent from Prague meandered through my home, admiring the sanctuary I had made for myself over the years. In his posture I could read his disgust at the excesses of my décor, though the only extravagance I ever allowed myself was books.

“You’ve done well for yourself, Herr General.” Vandemeer turned, his expression almost contrite. “May I call you Konrad?”

“As you prefer, Herr Vandemeer.”

His pale lips curved in a practiced smile and he held out his right hand to me. “Lenard.”

I accepted the handshake and the offer of his name, still trying to recall if I’d ever met him before. A tiny corner of my mind whispered: you have but to remove your glove and know him. I commanded it to silence before any rogue telepath might catch sight of it.

“May we drop the formalities, Konrad?” He gave my hand a final squeeze before releasing it and helping himself to a glass of brandy. “My orders are simple. Keep this facility running in spite of its losses, and oversee the Gamma unit that will be investigating your innovative practices here. I must confess, I am actually quite excited by all this.”

That dark corner of my mind whispered again: I bet you are. Keep talking, boy. Impress me.

“Do you have any means to measure the success or failure of your experiment? The idea of using a linked series of metapaths intrigues me. However did you come up with it?”

I swallowed, my throat unaccountably dry. Before answering, I excused myself to the kitchen. The chilled bottle of Coke soaked through my glove and brought my own memories to the surface, memories of another warm day so long ago, and the reason for all this madness. Returning to my guest, I toasted him with the bottle, then said, “I was his mentor.”

“Ah, yes. Your dossier did mention such.” Vandemeer watched me closely, as though we were playing high-stakes poker. “So you took it upon yourself to try and track down your wayward charge. Admirable. You above all others should have some insight into him, am I right?”

“I would like to think so.” For some reason, discussing Bradley with this outsider did not set well with me. He was too young to understand. He looked to be the same age I had been when I was handed this pigsty of an assignment. The same age that damned Hernandez had been… I poured some of my Coke into a glass, added whiskey, forced it down. “I knew him well, until last year.”

“Indeed?” Vandemeer regarded his own drink. Only one slender uplifted eyebrow betrayed his suspicion before he stated, “I was under the impression he caught you quite by surprise, Herr General. That doesn’t sound like a close relationship.”

I hoped he couldn’t hear my heart pounding as I asked, “What are you suggesting?” I had the sudden, awful feeling I had just invited an executioner into my apartment.

But the young officer smiled that dainty, elegant smile, and said, “Why, nothing sinister, Konrad. Merely that you should bear in mind the possibility that you never knew him as well as you imagined.”

“You haven’t met him, have you?”

“Met him?” Vandemeer set his drink down and gazed at me with mild surprise. “Brad Crawford recruited me to Esset. I was thirteen. He said something at the time that I did not understand. He told me that I was the last talent he would locate, as a personal favor to his liaison officer. I don’t suppose you could shed some light on that? Six years can be a lifetime, after all.”

To my amazement, it was not shock but laughter that nearly undid me. I turned away to compose myself, hoping he hadn’t noticed the brief but profound slip. I’d felt my eyes light up with mirth, so inappropriate to the situation, but unavoidable. My dear Bradley had managed to outmaneuver me, in advance! Had he foreseen this meeting, this uneasy alliance between myself and Prague, with Hapsburg the looming chaperon? “Six years can, indeed, be a lifetime, especially here.” To my relief, my voice sounded normal. I took a deep breath and turned back toward my guest. “Brad Crawford anticipated his own promotion, Lenard. He was too skilled to be wasted on recruitment, when retrieval suited him so much better.”

“Ironic, that.” Lenard sipped his drink, his eyes thoughtful. “And I am here to retrieve him. You are right to admire him, Konrad. Though…your admiration wouldn’t compromise your efforts, would it? Your desire to see Crawford excel might lead you to believe he’s better off free.” He paused to lick a drop of brandy from the rim of his glass. “Which is it, Konrad? Do you so delight in his outwitting you that you no longer desire to come out on top?”

And there it was. The accusation behind the politics. “You may as well just ask me whose side I’m on, Lenard.” I stared unflinching as I stated, “I know my duty. I shall perform that duty. I would prefer to bring him in alive, at any cost, because a precognitive man of his caliber is an anomaly that Esset cannot afford to overlook. Any personal sense of gratification in his skill as a survivor and a leader is not relevant, though I would be lying if I denied that gratification. Brad Crawford is an amazing man. Strong, determined, shrewd, and capable of betraying Esset on many levels. Do not underestimate him.”

“I see.” Again, that tiny smile. “You are his staunchest advocate. Among the many players who would see him dead for his crimes, you alone hold fast to a hope of recovery. Tell me, what can Esset possibly offer him that would bring him back to you?”

I replied without hesitation. “The lives of his team. They are the key to his future. I believe he would sacrifice himself before allowing them to come to harm. And they would do anything to protect him. Capture any one of the four, and the other three are yours for the taking.”

“Are you so certain, Konrad?” Lenard set his glass down, his gaze seemingly caught in the cut crystal of the brandy bottle. He glanced up at me through wheat-gold eyelashes. “He certainly seemed ready to sacrifice the whole lot in order to kill the Elders.”

I shook my head, certainty no less clear now than when I’d first learned of the betrayal. “No. Not sacrifice. He fully intended to go with them, whether in life or in death. That’s not quite the same thing.”

“No, you’re right.” Lenard’s voice had gone soft, thoughtful in a dreamy sort of way. “It’s not the same, is it. There is a nobility to him, something ageless and rare. Something that Esset was not prepared to deal with.” He straightened, then bowed to me. “I think we shall work well together, Herr General. I have many questions to ask of your Mr. Crawford, when we find him.”

My heart caught in my throat as I asked, “Then you mean to take him alive?”

“I do.” Lenard offered me a different kind of smile then: a sad one. “If he allows it.”

A/N:

Lenard Vandemeer: ally, enemy, obstacle? Hard to tell. But the real question is, is he the real problem? Konnor would do well to remember the old adage that warns how easy it is to become that which one most despises.

metapath – any mental talent (not physical) other than telepath or empath; a blanket term including all far-seers and the more unusual mixes of talents (clairsentients, precognitives, dream seers, illusionists)