"THE AFTERMATH"
(Or What Follows Next)
Chapter 4: "An Unexpected Early Morning Visit"

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of the story and don't rewrite."

Chapter 4: "An Unexpected Early Morning Visit"

As is his practise, Dave Matheson is in his office shortly after
7.30 AM. Today is shaping up to be a busy one for him. Apart from
dealing with all the tedious paperwork associated with
yesterday's sale -  and he is gratified to note that the prices
realised on yesterday's stock are higher than the previous sale -
he also has the scheduled showings of Andy Trevorrow's two
slaves. And if all that isn't enough, he has to work on the finer
details of Saturday's vendue.

There will be the usual fifty slaves on offer; the majority of
these will be the untried and unbroken new stock from the
northern wars. He has to decide where to place Andy's slaves in
the order of the sale. They are, without doubt, the prize
offerings of the day and he needs to ensure that they mount the
auction block at the optimum time. Past experience tells him that
if they are among the first lots offered for sale, there could be
insufficient numbers of buyers present to bid for them;
conversely if he places them at the end of the sale the same
problem exists as most people will have purchased their slaves
and left the auction.

Rationally, Matheson decides to place them at the halfway mark;
the blonds will be offered as a matched pair at Lot 25 and the
older slave as Lot 26. He knows that, at this point of the sale,
most buyers are caught up in the dynamics and excitement of the
event and that this leads to spirited bidding for the slaves on
offer. So sure is he of a sale to his client, a casino owner, he
doesn't bother to include the fourth slave.

These thoughts are interrupted as his secretary, Sandra, enters
his office.

"Good morning, Sandra". Dave frowns at this interruption. Sandra
knows only too well that he doesn't like to be disturbed at this
early hour. "What is it? You're not going to give me any
problems, are you? As you can see I'm snowed under with paperwork
from yesterday's sale."

"Good morning, Mr Matheson. I'm sorry about disturbing you.
However, I have two ladies in reception asking to speak to you."

"Who are they? What do they want? I suppose they're collecting
for some charity, as usual? These charity workers have a nose for
money and always know to call the day after a sale. Look, give
them the usual amount and see them on their way, will you?"

"They're not collecting for charity. It's the Middleton sisters,
Miss Harriet and Miss Martha and they say they have to speak to
you personally."

Dave is taken by surprise. The Middleton sisters are well known
in the community and are considered a force to be reckoned with.
They are old money and belong to one of the old, pioneering
families of the state. As early settlers in this part of the
world, the original Middleton's had selected huge swathes of land
from which they quickly established themselves among the
wealthiest and most powerful families. They have always been
prominent in both business and politics; indeed their late
father, Hugh Middleton, the second, had served as state governor
and is still respectfully referred to as the `late Governor'.
Their brother, Hugh Middleton, the third, is currently a member
of the state's legislature. Dave, as much as he would have liked
to, has never had any dealings with any of the Middleton's.
Therefore, this visit of the two, elderly, spinster sisters is
completely unexpected and slightly disconcerting. Why are they
here?

"Did they say what they want?"

"No they didn't. And I don't think they would appreciate me
asking. It's you they want to speak to."

"Well, show them in and perhaps you can rustle up some coffee and
something to eat?"

Anxious to create a favourable impression, Dave quickly tidies up
the paperwork on his desk. Then moving to the opposite side of
the desk he places two chairs in position as the two sisters
enter the room.

Quickly, Dave assesses the two women. Both are elderly with
greying hair and are expensively dressed in subdued colours. They
are devoid of any ostentatious display and each wears a single-
strand, pearl necklace. The older of the two, Miss Harriet, is
the eldest of the three children of the `late Governor". She is
tall, slim and ramrod straight. Both her appearance and demeanour
are haughty and autocratic. Miss Martha, the youngest of the
three Middleton children, on the other hand, is short and plumb.
Her appearance is that of a person whose true personality is
repressed and she seems always to defer to her older sister.

"Good morning, ladies. This is a delightful surprise. Please sit
down and make yourselves comfortable. I've asked my secretary to
fetch some coffee and ......."

"Yes. Quite so. Thank you, Mr Matheson". Miss Harriet cuts Dave
off in mid-sentence. "However, we'll forego the refreshment if
you don't mind. My sister and I seldom take coffee so soon after
breakfast"

Dave is quick to note this obvious snub to his hospitality but in
the interests of possible business he decides not to show his
annoyance".

"I understand you want to speak to me, Miss Harriet? May I ask
what about?"

"I hear from a very good source that you have a pair of matched
slaves in your establishment. Is this so?"

"Yes I do. They're two young slaves who were brought in yesterday
and are to be sold on Saturday".

"What can you tell us about them? Are they really a matched
pair?"

"Well they're not twins if that is what you're asking. However,
they are so alike they could be brothers. I believe they were
enslaved in their young teens and bought for use as farm workers.
They would be around nineteen or twenty now and are truly
magnificent, young slaves. They are blonds with blue eyes and
both have strong, muscular physiques; truly beautiful, young
animals."

"I like what I'm hearing Mr Matheson. We have been looking for
such a matched pair of young slaves for quite some time now.
Unfortunately, they don't come on the market very often".

"You're right of course, Miss Harriet". Dave replies as he senses
a genuine interest in the two slaves. "Slaves like these two are
rarely available. May I ask if are you interested in them and if
so, for what purpose. The reason I ask this is that these two
will be eagerly sought after and I expect them to command a high
price".

"As you are no doubt aware, we have a small estate called Belvoir
on the outskirts of the city. We moved there from Beauchamp, the
family plantation after our father died. Our brother, of course,
still lives on the plantation when he's not away in the capital.
Anyway, our more modest establishment only covers five hectares
of lawns and gardens and we're looking for slaves to help
maintain these".

"How many slaves are you looking to buy? At the moment we have
some excellent stock in the holding pens; fresh from the northern
wars and all new to slavery. I would think they'll sell for lower
prices than the pair you express an interest in. It's possible
you could buy three, possibly four of these slaves for the same
amount of money"

"No! I don't think they would be at all suitable. As you say,
they are wild and unbroken. We really don't want the bother of
training them. We'd much rather purchase tame slaves. I take it,
these two are tame?'

"Indeed they are. They've been slaves for six years and have only
had one owner in all that time. And as field hands they're used
to hard work and they are whip broken."

"The slaves we're looking for will need to be strong and work
hard, as one of their main duties will be to keep our lawns trim.
They'll spend quite a lot of their time harnessed to the mowers
especially over the spring to autumn growing season Another of
their duties will be to pull our rickshaw to church on Sundays
and to take us shopping or visiting. That's why we want them to
match; I can't abide seeing mismatched slaves in harness."

"Well they're strong enough for the mowers. However, I'm not sure
about carriage pulling; they haven't been used in harness as far
as I know."

"That doesn't matter. If we buy them then they'll be sent out to
Beauchamp for proper harness training before we use them around
town. In the interim we'll keep using our current pair."

"Is there something wrong with your current ponies?"

"Oh, there's nothing wrong with them. It's just that we feel like
a change. Our current two are in prime condition and once our new
slaves are broken into harness they'll be re-located to the
plantation. You know what they say; a change is as good as a
holiday."

"I take it you don't use horses?"

"No! We don't use horses. We decided against a horse-drawn
carriage in favour of rickshaws several years ago. Unlike horses,
slaves are self-grooming and have enough intelligence to harness
themselves to a rickshaw. In that regard, slaves are a lot less
bother than horses. And of course, a rickshaw is lighter, faster
and more manoeuvrable in traffic. You simply point the slave in
the right direction and with a bit of guidance and encouragement
you arrive at your destination in no time at all. It's all so
much easier than driving a horse."

`Look Miss Harriet. I have to say I have some misgivings about
you using the pair as ponies. They are two very strong slaves and
I think perhaps a little on the large size."

"Mr Matheson. I really don't like the use of the word ponies. I
would much prefer the term `harness slaves'. True ponies are
noble creatures used for recreation such as saddle- riding or
playing polo. They provide pleasure to their riders and are not
to be compared with a slave. After all the sole purpose of a
slave's existence is to work, is it not?"

"Of course, you are right. I assume you have a driver to drive
your carriage?"

"Most certainly not! I'm more than capable of driving my own
rickshaw. My father, the late Governor, taught me how to drive
and handle slaves when I was twelve."

"And what about you, Miss Martha, do you drive too?"

"Who me?" For the first time the younger sister speaks. "Goodness
me, no, no, I don't. Harriet does all the driving. But I do use
the whip on the slaves to speed them up. It saves Harriet the
trouble........."

"Alright, Martha. I'm sure Mr Matheson doesn't need to know
that." Harriet interrupts tartly. Let's get back to discussing
the slaves. You say they are to go to auction on Saturday, Mr
Matheson?"

That's right, Miss Harriet."

"What I'm about to say is a little delicate; Mr Matheson and I
rely on your discretion. As you know it's not the correct thing
for gentlewomen to attend a slave auction and of course none of
the Middleton family would ever publicly bid for a slave. We'll
be represented at the sale by our brother's plantation manager
and he will bid on our behalf. Of course we'll set an upset for
the bidding."

"I don't see a problem with that, Miss Harriet and if you give me
the name of the manager, I'll deal with him personally. No doubt
he'll want to inspect the slaves before the auction and I can
arrange a viewing for him."

"Well, umm! This is the delicate part you see and I do need you
to be discreet, Mr Matheson. You see we wish to inspect the
slaves ourselves. My father impressed upon me, at an early age,
that you don't buy sight unseen. I know it's not customary for
women to inspect slaves. However, we grew up on the plantation,
so the sight of naked slaves is one we are both familiar with. We
wish to make sure that the slaves are what we are looking for. I
do hope you understand and allow us to view the slaves for
ourselves. If they prove satisfactory, then we will inform our
brother's manager of our wishes."

Uncharitably, Dave Matheson suspects the two old girl's motives.
Perhaps these have less to do with buying sight unseen and more
to do with getting their hands on the muscular bodies of the two,
young slaves.

He recalls the rumours that both sisters enjoy their male slaves;
this isn't unusual, in fact, many of the city's well-to-do
matrons use their young, male slaves as an alternative to their
indifferent husbands. These rumours also recall that, as young
girls, both sisters enthusiastically used the young slave-meat on
their father's plantation.

Rumour further has it, that Martha, as a girl, had a reputation
for flightiness. Matheson finds it hard to believe this of the
timid creature now obviously living in her sister's shadow. Older
residents of the city also whisper of a scandal involving
seventeen years old Martha becoming pregnant by a handsome, young
slave in her father's household.

Unsubstantiated as this story is, many old timers nevertheless
point to the fact that, at the time, both daughters and their
mother were absent for an extended period, ostensibly on a world
tour.

Certainly, after their return, the social lives of both sisters
were under the constant, strict surveillance of their parents.
This parental supervision, no doubt, resulted in them becoming
life-long spinsters.

If his suspicions are correct, Dave suspects it won't only be the
muscles of the two slaves that will be put to hard labour; no
doubt their cocks and tongues will also be well exercised. He
shivers at the thought and almost feels sorry for them. Still,
they are slaves and such are the vagaries of a slave's life. His
only duty is to their owner, Andy Trevorrow, on whose behalf he
has to ensure a good sale.

"Let me re-assure you, Miss Harriet. Your request to view the
slaves isn't all that unusual. It's not generally known but quite
a few ladies ask to inspect their prospective purchases. For that
reason we have a special ladies' viewing lounge discreetly placed
in an isolated section of the complex. Here you can inspect and
examine the two slaves, in private, without anyone seeing you.
Would you like me to set up an inspection at a time convenient
for you?"

"Yes please, Mr Matheson." Does Dave detect eagerness in Miss
Harriet's voice or is it just his suspicious nature? "What about
now? Can it be done whilst we're here?"

"Of course, if that's what you want. But I'll need to leave you
two ladies alone while I contact my steward to set it up. Do you
mind being left alone? Can I order you refreshments while you
wait?"

"You're very kind, Mr Matheson. My sister and I will wait for
your return and `no thank you', we won't bother with
refreshments." Dave notes this second refusal of his hospitality.

Once Dave is out of the room, Martha speaks for only the second
time.

"Harriet, Mr Matheson appears to be a nice man. He's a perfect
gentleman, wouldn't you agree?"

"Really Martha! You exasperate me. How could someone like Mr
Matheson be a gentleman? After all he's only a slave-dealer and
he dresses appallingly. He's cheap and he's common. No Martha.
I'm afraid that Mr Matheson is definitely NOT a gentleman."

Suitably chastened, Martha lapses into silence as both sisters
quietly await Dave Matheson's return.

After some ten minutes he re-enters and tells the sisters.

"Well ladies, the slaves are ready for your inspection. If you'll
come with me I take you to them."

"Thank you, Mr Matheson. However, we do have our slave, Waldo,
waiting for us in the foyer downstairs. He's our house steward
and is in charge of all our slaves. If you permit, we would like
him to be present while we inspect the slaves. He can do all
those things that we don't feel comfortable with; like
positioning the slaves for us to view. And we do value his
opinion when it comes to assessing the suitability of a slave for
our household. Do we have your permission?"

"That's not a problem, Miss Harriet. I'm happy to oblige. I'll
send a slave downstairs and have him taken to the viewing room
for you."

To be continued ...........













