New Family Rules
by Hstoner

New Family Rules Ch. 08

Harry and Amanda finally marry.

It was a warm, sunny Saturday in late June. At 1:00 p.m. that day, I was standing nude in the backyard of Bill and Joan Turner's home. Clark Tewes, my good friend from college, was standing next to me. Clark was also nude. He held a small box in his hand.

A band, with an attractive female vocalist, was set up in a corner of the yard. They had been playing soft background music for some time. After a short pause, the instrumentalists began a very traditional piece. Clark and I turned to look at the door from the Turners' house.

The first person to emerge from the door was my older sister Gwen. Save for a small bouquet in her hands, Gwen was also naked. She smiled as she walked between the chairs set up on the Turners' lawn. Gwen was now 28 and a published author. She still looked fantastic with no clothes on. The people seated in the chairs stood as Gwen walked by.

Next out of the house, several paces behind Gwen, came my long-time girlfriend Amanda Turner on the arm of her father Bill. Amanda and Bill were also nude. I said that Gwen looked fantastic naked. I mean no disrespect to her, and know she would agree, when I say that Amanda in the nude completely eclipsed Gwen.

Amanda was smiling broadly. Part of that, I hoped, was due to what we were about to do. I knew that part of Amanda's obvious joy was also due to walking slowly with no clothes on through family and friends. Amanda always enjoyed being seen in the nude by other people.

Bill escorted Amanda to my side. He then stepped back to a vacant chair in the front row, beside his wife Joan. My parents, Ryan and Linda, were seated to Joan's right. Like us, neither Amanda's nor my parents had clothes on.

Gwen, Amanda, Clark, and I turned to face a short young woman wearing a purple robe and a bemused expression. The Reverend Patricia Danvers, pastor of a small, very progressive congregation, was the only person we had found with the legal authority to solemnize a wedding who would officiate a nude wedding.

The ceremony was brief. Amanda and I promised to love, honor, support, and care for each other for all eternity. We each put a ring on the other's finger. Reverend Danvers pronounced us man and wife.

Amanda and I had been a couple since our senior year of high school. We had both decided back then that we were partners for life. Save for my third year of law school, we had basically lived together that entire time. After eleven years together, we got married. Our first act to celebrate our new status was to clutch our nude bodies together and kiss for, I'm guessing, a full two minutes.

We had the wedding, and the reception, in the Turners' backyard because we couldn't find a venue in town willing to host a nude wedding and reception. The best we could do was a naturist resort about 60 miles east of town which we ruled out as too far away. Given the available space, we tried to limit the guest list. However, between our friends and a few friends of our parents, we still had about 60 people.

We discouraged gifts, but we did not insist that guests go nude. A few friends that Amanda and I had made since we both moved back to town came and stayed clothed. Our older friends went nude.

My sister, Gwen, had been Amanda's best friend in high school despite being a year older. Amanda and I became a couple the summer after Gwen graduated. During the short time until Gwen left for college, the three of us had been extremely close. Gwen came to the wedding alone. Her primary occupation was writing about world affairs for magazines in the US and UK. She said her abrupt trips to places like Moscow, Hong Kong, and Beirut to follow stories precluded long-term relationships. She also claimed to have stripped nude for Vladimir Putin to keep him from walking out on an interview. "I'm not really sure he likes girls," was her conclusion from that experience.

Clark came with his wife Dani and her younger sister Amelia. All three of them had been our close friends in college. They shared our preference for being nude in any situation. Dani, Amelia, and Clark lived with Amanda and me during our last two years of undergrad. None of us ever wore clothes in the condo we shared.

Amanda and I were both thrilled that Amanda's other best friend from high school, Meryl Cohen (now Dr. Meryl Cohen), came with her current partner Kim. During our senior year in high school, Amanda, Meryl, and I had a three-way love affair.

Most surprising to us was that Amanda's high school tennis coach, Jan Hill, came with along with two of Amanda's high school teammates, Patti and Joan. Coach Hill brought her current boyfriend. Patti and Joan came without their husbands. Still more surprising was that Patti, Joan, Coach Hill, and her boyfriend all undressed and stayed nude for the wedding and the reception. Patti and Joan had been attractive in high school. Both had visibly added some weight in their hips and thighs since. Now almost 40, Coach Hill was still slender and still coaching. I didn't really form an impression of her boyfriend, although he seemed to make an impression on Patti and Joan.

There were a few tables, but most of the guests took food from the buffet and/or drinks from the bar and walked around. Because the reception was on a lawn, it didn't lend itself to dancing. Instead, guests were welcome to use the Turners' pool.

The band, which turned out to be good, played about thirty minutes into the reception before they took a break. I happened to notice my mother and Joan Turner talking to the musicians during the break. I vaguely recall seeing the five musicians go into the Turner house. Everyone noticed, however, when the three women and two men came back out and started playing again. I found out later that our parents offered to double their fee for the reception if they played nude. Amanda and I were talking with the band while they packed up just after 9:00 that evening. All five musicians told us this had been their most enjoyable gig and they were glad our parents had challenged them to perform nude for several hours.

In general, the reception was a relaxed affair, as we intended. The one exception to that came when the wedding party took over the microphone from the singer for the traditional speeches. Not being a fan of tradition, Gwen preempted the speeches by grabbing the microphone.

"Friends," Gwen announced, "we all know that my little brother Harry and my best friend Amanda have already been together for many years. We assume they've had sex during those years, but do any of us really know? (Gwen, Meryl, Dani, Amelia, and Clark all knew firsthand).

"No, we don't!" a voice called from the lawn.

Grinning, Gwen said into the mic, "don't you think Amanda and Harry should prove to us that they have consummated the marriage?" A cheer went up. "Does anyone think," Gwen continued, "that Amanda and Harry should not make love right here, right now, with all of us as witnesses?" No one said a word. My new father-in-law and Dad carried the Turners' picnic table over and set it down about eight feet from where Amanda and I were standing. Still talking into the mic, Gwen said, "Amanda, Harry, your family and friends have spoken." She pointed to the table and said, "get up there and get fucking." Another cheer went up.

The idea of intercourse with Amanda live in front of our parents and friends was scary and exciting. I was already getting hard. I looked at my wife. She was smiling, her eyes sparkled, and her nipples were erect. "Don't you think this is the perfect way to start our marriage?" she asked me. I nodded. Amanda reached out and wrapped a hand around my half-erect dick. I reached out with both hands and began rubbing her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers. After a few moments of that, I put a hand between Amanda's thighs and began rubbing her clit.

Gwen had kept the microphone and began what I can best describe as a play-by-play. She announced to our friends, "we have foreplay, although I think Amanda and Harry are already aroused."

We were aroused. Amanda gave me a quick kiss on the lips and led me to the picnic table. She got up on the table and lay on her back. "Come on, circle around," Gwen invited our guests.

I climbed onto the table on my hands and knees as people closed around the table. I positioned myself above Amanda, lowered my hips, and slid my hard dick into her wet pussy. Gwen announced into the mic, "we have penetration!" Another cheer went up.

As I said, Amanda and I had fucked, and fucked in front of, Gwen, Meryl, Dani, Amelia, and Clark. We weren't complete strangers to doing it with someone watching. However, this seemed so much more public. Our parents were watching, as were Amanda's old coach and complete strangers like the band. It was an exhibitionist fantasy made real. Amanda very quickly wrapped her strong legs around me and began crushing me into her as she bucked her hips. Sex with Amanda was always special and, for the reasons I just mentioned, this time was very special. However, we were both so aroused that we came much sooner than I wished. At least, we both had very intense orgasms.

Although it had been a few years, Gwen had been with Amanda and me often enough to know our signals. As I felt myself ready to explode, I could hear Gwen announcing, "I think they are close," and moments later, "ladies and gentlemen, we have orgasms. The first orgasms of this marriage!" That brought cheers and another round of applause.

I stayed in Amanda until we had both caught our breath. She looked at me, looking more beautiful than ever, and we both started laughing. I suppose it was a reaction to the sheer outrageousness of what we had just done.

After we got off the table, the singer took the mic from Gwen and the band started playing again. People came up to shake our hands (Covid 19 vaccines had been widely enough used by then that handshakes were acceptable again) or pat our bare asses. Dani brought us both drinks. I know this sounds perverted, but I felt proud that these people had just seen Amanda and I fuck to orgasm.

The reception broke up around 9:00 p.m. Amanda's parents spent the night with my parents, leaving the Turner house for Amanda and me. Gwen, Dani, Amelia, and Clark stayed with us that night. Old relationships were pleasurably renewed.

A bit of background is probably appropriate here. Amanda and I had both graduated from college on Chicago's North Shore six years earlier. Amanda stayed to get her M.B.A. I got into a decent law school on the south side of Chicago and commuted every day. Amanda finished grad school a year before me, leading to the only extended period of separation we've ever had. Amanda went back home to become CFO of her dad's businesses, which had expanded into real estate development as well as construction. Dani's sister Amelia was finishing her master's during my last year of law school. With Amanda's permission, Amelia lived with me that year.

Since Amanda moved home, I had to. I got a job with a large downtown law firm which just happened to represent Bill Turner's companies. Covid 19 happened the next year. It hurt the Turner businesses, but it decimated the legal profession. The firm let me and most of the other lawyers with less than five years' experience go, along with about 25 partners. The other big firms in the region were making similar cuts. Many smaller shops just closed. That led to me becoming general counsel of The Turner Group, the parent company under which Bill Turner's construction and development companies operated. In other words, before Amanda and I married, we both already worked for her dad.

One consequence of working for Amanda's dad was that, unlike most couples, Amanda and I didn't spend our working days apart. We got up together, went to work together, worked in adjoining offices (later a large, shared office), and came home together. There were months at a time when Amanda and I were not apart for more than a few minutes. That was wonderful from my perspective. What sane, heterosexual man wouldn't want to spend every minute with Amanda Turner? It speaks volumes about Amanda's capacity for self-sacrifice that she tolerated me on a constant basis.

Another benefit of working for Amanda's dad was that we got as much time, and money, as we wanted for a honeymoon. We took two weeks to go to Europe. We thought about Cap d'Agde, but our research made us wonder whether we were ready for that. We ended up going to Baden-Baden, which offered coed nudity in the baths, Munich, which is a great city with several opportunities to go nude, and a new ski resort in Austria.

Neither Amanda nor I ski, and we were at the resort in summer. The resort was isolated and difficult to get to. The surrounding mountains offered hiking and scenery which justified the trip. The other attraction was that the resort included a large spa with indoor and outdoor swimming pools, saunas, steam baths, Jacuzzis, sand volleyball, a bar that stayed open late, and a grill that served food from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Clothes were required everywhere in the hotel part of the resort, but nudity was mandatory in all parts of the spa. Even though it was summer, the resort was about 70% full, meaning that there were always people around although it wasn't crowded.

Amanda and I had booked a week at the resort. We spent the first day hiking from morning until late afternoon, relaxed in the spa, dressed for dinner in the hotel restaurant, and went to bed together early. Expecting that we would be a little sore from the first day's hike, we had booked a couple's massage for late morning of our second day. We had expected there would be a dedicated massage room. When Amanda and I met the young man and young woman who would be giving our massages, we were surprised to be led to massage tables set up between the indoor pool and a jacuzzi, overlooked by the bar and grill on the second level. Amanda and I would be getting our massages in full view of almost everyone else in the spa.

Since it was a nude spa, my masseuse and Amanda's masseur didn't bother to cover us. We lay nude on massage tables a couple of feet apart. The clothed masseur and masseuse did not, of course, provide happy endings. They were, however, very thorough, and not reticent to touch any part of us. They earned the hundred Euro tips Amanda and I gave them.

Following the instructions to drink lots of fluids, Amanda and I were in the bar a little while after our massages when a couple about our age approached us. In accented English, the man, Stefan, asked if we had enjoyed our massages. The woman, Birget, giggled and said, "we're sorry, but we watched. You both appeared to be having a good time. We didn't think you would mind. You like people to see your bodies?" Birget gestured down her bare body with her hand, stopping at her neatly trimmed triangle.

"Yes, we do," Amanda replied.

"So do we," Stefan said.

Birget and Stefan were German, from near Frankfurt am Main. Birget had light brown hair and a wide, expressive face that grinned a lot. She was not fat, but had large breasts, wide hips, and large thighs. Voluptuous might describe her. Birget had recently finished her training and tests to become a physician. Stefan was about my height, although at least 50 pounds lighter. We learned later that Stefan was a talented amateur soccer player and a structural engineer. He had short black hair, a very precisely trimmed beard and mustache, and a long thin dick.

Amanda and I invited Birget and Stefan to join us for lunch. It was a sunny day and warm at the resort's elevation. There were a few tables on the lawn outside the grill. As we talked, we learned that this was Birget and Stefan's third visit to the resort. Birget and Stefan skied. "This is the first time we've come in summer," Stefan said. "I thought it might be boring if we couldn't ski and brought several books. I haven't opened one yet."

"What are you doing while you are here, besides get a massage?" Birget asked.

"Yesterday," I replied, "we hiked up into the mountains. We thought we 'd do more of that."

"Yes," Stefan said, "we saw you coming back yesterday. You wore clothes. I suppose you would if you were going to higher elevations. It gets cool up there, yes?"

"There are some lovely hikes down through the valleys," Birget said. "It is as warm there as here or warmer. Stefan and I have walked on two different days. We leave our clothes here at the hotel. We plan to explore a new valley tomorrow. Would you wish to join us?"

We discussed Birget's and Stefan's planned hike further. They planned to follow a valley southeast of the resort to a lake. They thought the hike would take about five hours out and back. They planned to go nude except for boots, walking sticks, and small rucksacks to carry water and food. "We never take clothing with us," Birget said. "If we encounter others, we cannot give in to temptation to cover up."

Amanda and I agreed that the hike sounded like fun and agreed to join Birget and Stefan. "Meet us by the outdoor pool at nine hours tomorrow morning," Stefan said.

"It will be cool at that time," Birget said. "Harry, you may shrink up like Stefan does," she giggled. She brushed her hand over one of her nipples. "Amanda, these will get quite hard. It will warm up quickly."

It was uncomfortably chilly when we met Birget and Stefan the next morning. Amanda and I had one rucksack between us. I had put sandwiches and sunscreen in it and strapped two large bottles of water to the outside. Stefan opened my pack and added four cans of beer. Birget and Stefan had also brought walking sticks for Amanda and me.

Our route took us down from the resort and the air warmed quickly as we descended. Stefan led, followed by Birget and Amanda with me at the rear. Walking behind Amanda's bare ass was always aesthetically pleasing. What I soon noticed looking beyond Amanda was that Birget's bare ass, while wider, was also lovely in motion.

We walked down through woodland for about an hour. We then walked around the perimeter of a small village, something Birget and Stefan had not mentioned in advance. People were out and saw us. I had always thought of Austrians, especially rural Austrians, as very conservative. However, no one commented on our nudity. People just smiled and a few waved. Perhaps conservativism in Central Europe didn't condemn nudity.

We began encountering people on the trail as we descended past the village. The people we encountered were clothed. Again, no one said anything about our nudity. Either they didn't care, or they enjoyed seeing Amanda's and Birget's bodies enough to forgive us.

After another hour of walking, we arrived at a large lake. We were not the only people there, but we were the only people nude. "You see why we do not carry clothes?" Birget asked. She answered her own question: "It would be too easy to simply get dressed in a circumstance like this." Everyone looked at us. I wondered whether simply getting dressed might be the better part of valor.

Stefan led us to a grassy place near the water, away, but not too far away, from the other people. "The lake is too cold to swim, "Stefan said. That explained why no one was swimming. Birget pulled beach towels from her rucksack and spread them on the ground. Amanda and I hadn't thought of that. We sat and pulled our small lunches from our packs. Stefan opened four beers and passed them around.

More people came to the lake as we ate. Everyone looked at us, but no one said anything or approached us until a couple who looked a few years older than us came up. They were both tall and thin. The woman had long, straight blonde hair and a pretty face. The man had wavy red hair and a bushy red beard. "It is ok to go nude here?" the man asked in what I took for an English accent.

"Yes, it is, "Stefan replied.

"We wondered since no one else is," the woman said.

"We thought people in Central Europe shucked their clothes every chance they got," the man said.

"That's why we came," the woman added.

"No," Birget explained, "most people stay clothed, but they are generally tolerant of those of us who prefer to be clothes free."

"May we join you?" the woman asked.

"Certainly," Stefan replied.

The couple spread out a large towel, quickly stripped off, and sat down. Sitting on the towel, facing the sun, with her legs spread, the woman said, "this is so much nicer!"

Gesturing towards her vagina, Birget said, "the sun feels especially good here."

"Yes, it does," the woman replied.

Jeff and Audrey were Australian, not English, and were spending a summer in Europe. We talked with them for about 45 minutes. Unfortunately, when we packed up to start back to the resort, Jeff and Audrey dressed. "We're just not comfortable being the only nudes somewhere in a strange country," Jeff said. Stefan told them about some places in Germany where they should have no hesitation to go nude.

The hike back to the resort was entirely uphill. However, it was not overly taxing. Back at the resort around 4:00 p.m., 16:00 hours as expressed locally, Amanda and I were exuberant at the realization that we'd spent hours out in public with no clothing available. After putting our gear in our rooms, we met Birget and Stefan in the spa for some time in a jacuzzi and a steam bath.

We dressed and met Birget and Stefan for dinner in the hotel restaurant. Although casually dressed, Stefan exuded a certain elegance and formality. Birget was, frankly, sexy in a tight top and a slit skirt. Dinner was great fun, due, perhaps in part, to a couple of bottles of wine consumed.

The spa and spa bar stayed open surprising late, until 1:00 a.m. Amanda and I hadn't been in the spa that late but agreed to meet Birget and Stefan there after dinner.

It was, I guess, around 10:00 p.m. when Amanda and I got to the spa. While it was less busy than during the day, there were still a significant number of people there. As the four of us stood nude at the bar waiting for more glasses of wine, Birget explained "at night, the rules in the spa are a little different."

With a smile, Stefan elaborated that, "after 20:00 hours, it is permissible to get more romantic, intimate."

"That sounds very nice," Amanda said. "I'm sorry Harry and I didn't get here this late the first two nights."

Birget grinned. "It is a good place to make new friendships deeper."

I suddenly understood something that had puzzled me a little. When we'd made reservations at the resort, we were informed that we needed to send blood samples, verified as ours by a licensed physician, no earlier than ten days before our arrival. I had assumed that the resort was still taking Covid 19 precautions. When we checked in, we received a report that Amanda and I were negative for Covid 19. The report also showed that our blood had been tested and was negative for any STDs. I had asked the young woman who checked us in about that. "People who are positive are not allowed in the spa," she had answered. At the time, I assumed it was done to create the impression for guests that the spa was hyper cautious. Now, I wondered if the testing had a practical purpose.

We got our wine in plastic cups so we could take it to the pool. There was a slight chill in the air, but several people were in the heated outdoor pool. There were three couples at places along the pool's edge, and a group of four clustered in one corner. We drank some wine and got into the warm water.

Amanda and I swam a lazy lap of the pool side-by-side. Done with that, we stood in water about waist high. Birget and Stefan walked up to us. "We would like to be better friends with you," Birget said.

I looked at Amanda. After a moment of trading non-verbal signals, Amanda told Birget, "we'd like that too." I immediately felt one of Birget's hands cupping may balls under the water. Her other hand was stroking my shaft. Stefan had a hand on each of Amanda's breasts, gently kneading them. I reached out and pulled Birget to me. I began rubbing my hands up and down her ass. I'm not sure exactly what Amanda and Stefan were doing, but they were awfully close.

After Birget had gotten me hard, she said in a commanding tone, "Stefan, we are four, not two and two." The four of us formed a tight circle. Looking into the water, I could see that Amanda had Stefan as erect as Birget had me.

I guess all four of us were looking down because Amanda said, "Penises look so much better that way, don't they Birget?"

Birget giggled and said, "Yes, and they are much more useful in that condition." Birget paused before timidly asking, "Amanda, may I touch you?"

"Of course," Amanda replied and took a side-step to allow Birget's hand between her thighs. Watching Birget start to finger Amanda was hot and Amanda seemed to like it. Thinking Birget deserved stimulation too, I put a hand on her mound and began sliding it down between her thighs. Birget spread her legs slightly and I began fingering her lips. Amanda put a hand on each of my and Stefan's erections and started stroking us both.

The four of us kept that up for several minutes until Birget took a step back and said, "I need more wine." She started towards the ladder out of the pool.

"At this hour," Stefan told us, "it is perfectly acceptable to come out of the pool aroused." He followed Birget. Amanda and I shared a "when in Rome" look and followed Stefan.

Stefan and I walked along the pool deck from the ladder to where we had put our wines with our boners on full display. The woman of a couple in the pool watching us said, loudly enough for us to hear, "gut!"

The four of us finished our wine with Birget openly stroking me and Amanda Stefan. As we drained our cups, a waitress came up. She was blonde and looked no older than 21. Her tight white tee shirt, obviously with no bra, and short black skirt suggested a nice body. In English, she said, "if you wish to enjoy your evening more, may I suggest Red Bull and vodka?" That didn't sound too appealing to me but, before I could say anything, Stefan had responded to her in German too rapid for me to catch. (I'd not used my undergraduate German at all in the last six years).

The waitress walked away. Stefan picked up our towels and said, "come." He led us inside the spa to a jacuzzi with two couples already in it. Stefan spoke again in rapid German. The women of the couples nodded affirmatively. Stefan got in. We followed. The jacuzzi was not large. As the last person in, I was sitting with my hip touching Birget's bare hip to my right and the bare hip of an older woman to my left. Birget said something in rapid German. All four of the older couples laughed and nodded their heads enthusiastically. Birget stood up and sat back down in my lap. Following Birget's lead, Amanda got in Stefan's lap. I put my hands over Birget's full tits as she wiggled around a bit.

Soon, the waitress was back and placed four plastic cups on the deck beside us. She took an order from the older couples and walked away. Birget picked up a cup, held it in front of my lips, and said "Harry, try this." I let her pour some in my mouth. The drink tasted good. There was alcohol but, to this day, I don't know what else was in it. Birget handed me the cup and I held it for her to drink. Amanda and Stefan were giving each other drinks out of separate cups.

It had been a long day and we had hiked quite a distance. Nonetheless, I soon felt energized. Apparently, Birget did too. She spun around in my lap, so she was facing me and spread her legs out to straddle me. The head of my dick rubbed her outer lips. We kissed and I began sucking Birget's nipples. I was getting very aroused and the idea of sex with Birget seemed very appealing.

I don't know what Amanda and Stefan were doing. Something similar, I hope. Not long after we finished the drinks, Stefan said something else in German. Birget stood up, extended a hand to me, and said "come to our room." I followed her out of the jacuzzi with Amanda and Stefan behind me. As we walked away, one of the older women said something in German. Birget translated for me, "she says we give them inspiration."

We had to wear robes to leave the spa and go back into the hotel. As we got into the elevator to go up from the spa level to the floor of Birget's and Stefan's room, Amanda hugged me tightly. "I think this is going to be fun," she whispered.

Our robes were off as soon as we were in Birget's and Stefan's room. Amanda and I embraced and kissed passionately. When we broke our embrace, Birget stepped to us and kissed each of us. Stefan kissed Amanda and Birget. Stefan and I shook hands.

After some experimentation, the four of us ended up on the bed, on our sides, in a sort of circle. My head was between Birget's legs as I ate her. Birget was blowing Stefan as he ate Amanda. Amanda was sucking my dick.

I like giving oral sex to a woman. In addition to Amanda, I'd eaten Dani, Amelia, and, several years earlier, my sister Gwen. Giving oral to Birget was just as nice as any of them, except Amanda. Nothing in life was better than eating Amanda, except fucking Amanda.

I was glad that Stefan, rather than me, came first. Due to Amanda's skill and knowledge of my body, I came second. I got Birget off just before Stefan got Amanda. The four of us broke the circle and hugged each other on the bed.

Whatever was in the drink wore off relatively quickly. I was suddenly very sleepy as, it seemed, were the others. Birget pulled back the covers on their bed and all four of us got in.

Some time during the night, I awoke partially. I was aware of an ass pressing against my dick. That had to be Amanda, so I spread the cheeks and pushed my dick partway in. I was surprised in the morning, but not entirely displeased, to find that I'd slept several hours with my dick between Birget's butt cheeks.

The four of us decided to spend the next day in the spa. Birget and Stefan were leaving the same day Amanda and I were, meaning we'd all be there three more nights, so we'd have at least one more hike. Oddly, I felt neither fatigued nor hungover. As Amanda and I showered in Birget's and Stefan's room, Amanda commented, "I don't why, but I feel great today." She looked better than great.

Although the grill didn't open until 11:00 and the restaurant was in the hotel, the resort appreciated that most people came at this time of year for the spa. They set up a traditional German breakfast buffet just inside the entrance to the spa. The four of us shucked our robes, assembled very full plates of food, and stood at a counter overlooking the main floor of the spa to eat.

As we were eating our large breakfasts, one of the older women from the jacuzzi the night before walked by. She had a lot of extra flesh, but was mildly attractive, nonetheless. She stopped and said something to Birget. Birget gave a huge smile and said "ja!" The woman walked on, showing a fleshy and dimpled behind. I gave Birget a questioning look. Still smiling, Birget said, "she said that, after seeing us, they had great sex last night. She asked whether we four had sex together." I understood what Birget's "ja" had meant.

It was warm enough to be comfortable by the outdoor pool. We grabbed clean towels from a stack and sat on four lounge chairs on the lawn by the pool. We talked for over an hour. Thankfully, Birget and Stefan spoke English much better than I speak German, and Amanda speaks no German at all. Somewhere in the conversation, Amanda mentioned that we were on our honeymoon. I didn't place much weight on Stefan's comment that "we must do something to celebrate." We did learn that Birget and Stefan had been married for two years.

We had a very lowkey day. The four of us had dinner together and then slept in our own rooms. Birget and Stefan had another nude hike planned for the next day.

We left the resort earlier than our first hike and Stefan warned this one would be longer. Like the first hike, however, we wore no clothes, except boots, and had none with us. This hike started along the same trail as the first hike. However, about 45 minutes out, Stefan veered onto a new trail that ran more directly south. We walked at a reasonable pace for another two hours before the trail emerged at a road. After a moment, I realized it wasn't a country road but the main street of a town. There were cars, trucks, and a bus. There were shops, a couple of cafes, and a sidewalk with clothed people on it. Stefan continued along the sidewalk as if we were still by ourselves in the woods. Birget followed him like they did this daily.

Amanda turned her head to look back at me. I couldn't tell from her expression whether she was scared we'd get in trouble or excited to be walking through a populated town in the nude. A mix of both, I suspect. Nonetheless, we followed Birget and Stefan. Four nude people walking through town drew many looks. I heard a few comments. As near as I could translate, the comments were more compliments about our bodies than expressions of disapproval. Still, I was relieved when we reached the other end of town and Stefan started on a trail back into the woods.

We walked slightly uphill for about another half hour until we reached a glade that was one of the prettier places I've ever seen. We spread our towels, took off our boots, and massaged our feet. Then we ate our lunches, washed down with warm beer. After we'd gathered our trash into a bag that went in Stefan's rucksack, Birget took Amanda by the arm and led her far enough away not to be overheard. Birget spoke for minute or two. Then I saw Amanda nod her head enthusiastically.

The two women, quite different but each beautiful, walked back to Stefan and me. "Birget and I have talked," Amanda said. "We've agreed that we need at least one more step for our friendship to reach the level we want."

Suspecting that I knew the answer, I asked "what step is that?"

"Stefan should make love to Amanda and you should make love to me," Birget answered.

Stefan eyed Amanda's perfect body with open lust and said, "I'm happy to do that if everyone else agrees. Of course, we don't want any problems or jealousies between us."

I looked at Birget's lush body. She was, in my mind, not as beautiful as Amanda. However, she was beautiful, sexy, and had an undeniable magnetism that was working at full force at that moment. "Why would there be problems or jealousy?" I asked. "We all love our spouses, but that doesn't prohibit us from sharing pleasure with other people whom we trust and admire."

Birget sat on the towel beside me. "I cannot know how that sounded to a native English speaker," she said, "but it makes a lot of sense to me."

"It makes sense," Amanda said. "Harry is good with words, among other things."

Amanda sat next to Stefan. Birget put her arms around me and we kissed, passionately. My finger went into Birget's pussy as she stroked me erect. Having committed to sex with Birget, I found myself looking forward to the imminent act.

Birget and I fucked in missionary position. Sliding into her and seeing the look of joy on her face as I did was, almost, as good as entering Amanda. I was grateful that Birget was a lover much like Amanda. Birget was verbal, telling me what she felt and making suggestions. She was highly active, trying to give as much pleasure as she received, or more. She was also physically strong.

Before I became completely engrossed with Birget, I glanced at Amanda and Stefan. Amanda was on all fours to my right, facing us, and Stefan had entered her from behind. That surprised me because Amanda didn't like that position with me. She told me later that she did it to watch me fuck Birget and, since Stefan's dick was longer and thinner than mine, doggy style worked better for her with him than with me.

It wasn't long before Birget had driven any awareness of Amanda and Stefan from my mind. I can no longer describe each specific thing we did for the other. Like Amanda, Birget had the ability to clamp down hard on my dick, requiring much more effort from me but increasing the sensation for both of us. What I do remember clearly is that making love to Birget (it was definitely more than just sex) was the best intimate experience I've had other than with Amanda.

I think Birget and I made love for a long time, but that could just be my ego. I know that, as she approached her orgasm, she squeezed me with her arms and legs so tightly that I'm not sure I could have moved had her hips not been bucking so violently. Birget howled as she came. During her howl, I started to shoot, so hard it hurt. I kept shooting and my vision blacked out for a moment. As Birget started to relax, I shot two more times.

I didn't realize I'd closed my eyes until I opened them and saw Birget's smiling, sweaty face. With a heavier accent than usual, Birget said, "Harry that was, wow!"

I suddenly remembered my wife. Looking to my right, I saw Amanda sitting next to Stefan smiling. Before I'd even pulled out of Birget, Amanda leaned over and kissed me on the lips. "It was a wow to see too," she said.

"Good job Harry," Stefan added.

Getting my voice back, I asked Amanda, "and how was your orgasm?"

"Wonderful," Amanda replied.

"Harry," Stefan said, "Amanda is very special."

"So is Birget," I said.

We slowly cleaned up and packed up. Foolishly, we drank all our water. An hour later, we were again walking nude through the nearby town. Stefan stopped in the middle of town. "We are not going to reach the resort before dark," he said. "Going back up to the resort in the dark will be dangerous." Of course, none of us expected to be out after dark so none of us brought lights.

"What do we do?" Amanda asked.

Stefan smiled. I've wondered since if that smile was a hint that our predicament had been created intentionally. "I know someone in this town," Stefan said. "If he is home, he will let us stay there tonight and we can walk back in the morning." Stefan and Birget started down a small side street.

Before following them, Amanda said, "we don't have a stitch of clothes and we're going to spend the night with a stranger?"

"Do you have a Plan B?" I asked.

"I guess not," Amanda sighed. We followed Birget and Stefan.

We walked to the fringe of town, passed by several cars and trucks. The sun was already behind mountains to the west and I concluded Stefan was correct that there wasn't enough light for us to reach the resort, almost three hours' walk away. Stefan went up onto the porch of a traditional alpine house and rang a doorbell. A young woman answered. She and Stefan conversed in what I thought was a dialect as I couldn't make out a single word. As Stefan spoke, a smile came on the woman's face. After some more conversation, the woman called into the house. A muscular young man came to the door. Stefan obviously knew the man. Stefan called Birget to the door. The young man visibly admired Birget's nude form.

After some further conversation which I could not understand, Stefan gestured for Amanda and me to come up on the porch. The man of the house, Gregor, admired Amanda as much as he had Birget. That was understandable. I was thrown a little by the woman's apparent appreciation of my nude body.

To make a long story shorter, Gregor was a friend of a friend whom Stefan had only met a couple of times before. Why someone from Frankfurt had connections of any degree in that part of Austria didn't make sense until much later. Nonetheless, Gregor and his partner Ute had no problem putting four nude people up for the night so long as we didn't mind sharing one small bed. We had no problem with that.

We were back at the resort for our last full day around 11:00 a.m. In hindsight, spending the night without any clothes with people whom we'd never met before was more amusing than distressing. "Another Harry and Amanda legend," Amanda called it. Still, the four of us agreed that a recovery day of sun, steam, sauna, and water was in order.

After a lazy last real day of honeymoon, Amanda and I were to meet Birget and Stefan for dinner. Given that it was our last real night of the trip, Amanda and I wore the best clothes we'd brought with us. Amanda looked ravishing in a tight purple dress that was slit high up one thigh. I wore my dark brown sport coat over a cream-colored polo shirt and tan slacks.

Outside the hotel restaurant, Birget and Stefan were dressed much more casually. "You two look almost as great as you look naked," Birget said flatteringly.

"I promised we would do something to celebrate your wedding and honeymoon," Stefan said. "Please follow me." Stefan led us away from the restaurant and into the elevator. He used a key and pushed the button for the top floor, which I had assumed was just a mechanical shed. Instead, we exited the elevator into a large room with floor to ceiling glass walls. It was still light out and the view on all sides was spectacular.

The young blonde who had waited on us during our late night in the spa came up, again dressed in a tight white shirt and short black skirt along with another similarly dressed redhead. "May we take your clothes off?" the blonde asked.

"Uh, sure," I said. The redhead gestured for Amanda to raise her foot. When Amanda did, the redhead slipped off her shoe. The blonde took my sport coat off me, followed by my shoes. She then undid my belt and pulled my shirt over my head. Simultaneously, the redhead had undone the sash that kept Amanda's dress closed around her. As she often did, Amanda wore nothing under her dress. She stood nude with a smile on her face while the blonde removed my trousers and shorts.

Once Amanda and I were nude, I looked at Birget and Stefan, expecting them to disrobe. Stefan read my mind. "Only newlyweds go nude for dinner," he said.

"Your clothes will be returned to your room," the blonde waitress told us. I guessed we'd not need clothes for the remainder of the night.

The redhead went to a counter on the side of the room and brought back four large glasses on a tray. She offered one to each of us. Sipping the drink, I thought it was whatever Stefan had ordered for us three nights ago.

The blonde led us to a table in the center of the room. What followed was one of the best meals I've ever eaten. When the meal was over, Amanda and I rode down the elevator nude to our floor. Birget and Stefan followed us into our room. "We have another gift to give you," Birget said. She and Stefan undressed each other.

Birget came to me and started stroking me. Stefan went to Amanda and began fingering her. When I was hard, Birget had me sit in a chair. She knelt in front of me and took me in her mouth. Birget was exceptionally talented at fellatio. As she was sucking me, Amanda was on her back on the bed with Stefan's face between her legs. I came first. Amanda came louder. For the second night in a row, the four of us slept nude together in the same bed.

In the morning, we traded contact information. Stefan and I got our luggage to the lobby where we'd meet the resort's driver who was taking us all to the Innsbruck train station. I was surprised when the girls came down to see that both Amanda and Birget were wearing skirts. I found out why as the four of us sat together on a bench seat in the resort's van. Birget hiked up her skirt, smiled, and said "no panties."

Next to me, Amanda said, "me neither." She wiggled her skirt up to prove it. I looked at the rearview mirror. The driver, who spoke English, was looking back at us smiling. I hope he enjoyed what he saw as much as Amanda and Birget enjoyed showing it.
