“Who are you and why do you hate me?” 

“Payback for the splinter?” Dom hazarded, rubbing Billy’s neck gently. “Anyway, I don’t hate you. I brought you aspirin and water, I’m here to save your life.”

“But you turned on the light.” Billy groaned. “What time is it, anyway?”

“Early.” Dom shook Billy’s shoulder. “C’mon, sit up and drink this.” Billy rolled over and groped for the water, squinting so pathetically Dom had to laugh. “You look like shite on a stick.”

Billy half-sat up and tossed back the pills and then the water. “Fuck. You should’ve just let me die.” He handed the glass back and collapsed onto the mattress, shoving his head under the pillow. “Why’s it early? What day is it?”

“I couldn’t go back to sleep after you called,” Dom said, placing the glass on the bedside table and then scrubbing his face tiredly. “Waited till it was light and started driving.”

“Eejit.” Muffled, and Billy squirmed, one hand pushing at his pillow until his mouth was visible. “So c’mon, get into bed and let me sleep.”

Dom undressed, trying not to think of Billy’s voice on the phone last night, and of what he’d done while Billy talked, and of Billy’s almost-last words: Poor wee Dommie, can’t go without his Billy for more than two months at a time. It’s not like Dom hadn’t been thinking of those words for the last six hours or so, nonstop. It’s not like Dom didn’t spend the entirety of the drive here wondering if Billy might be right.

When he climbed into bed, Billy scooted over, back to Dom. “Rub my neck again,” he slurred, and Dom put his hand back, smiling a little. 

“Thought you wanted to die.”

“I do. Just figure I might as well be comfy while I go.”

Dom rubbed in silence for a while, aware that Billy was at least mostly still awake. “Bill.”

“Mmm.”

“I missed you.”

“...Me, too, Dommie. M’glad you’re here.”

“Yeah.” Dom scooted closer. Billy was warm, radiating heat under the duvet like his own little nuclear reactor. “Bill?”

“What?”

“I mean, I really missed you. Really.”

“And yet I’m starting to feel less delighted that you’re here, because I’m no longer asleep.”

“I’m still rubbing your neck.” Dom scooted closer yet and tucked his knees carefully behind Billy’s.

Billy made a little sound that might have been acquiescence.

“I just... fuck.” Dom closed his eyes. “I’m so tired.”

“There’s this thing we do, here, we call it sleep,” Billy said, voice patient. “S’very good for this tiredness you speak of.”

Dom took a deep breath. “I miss you too much, and I can’t sleep very well most of the time, and I think I might have maybe fallen in love with you just a little bit in New Zealand. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said anything, or I should have said something before we left, but I don’t think I quite realised it, but I do now and I’m sorry I’m such a fuckup, Bill. Maybe I will just try that sleeping thing, huh? Okay. G’night.”

Billy’s neck was warm and rigid under his fingers, which had gone still while he rambled, and Dom pulled his hand from Billy’s neck suddenly, embarrassed. He untucked himself from Billy’s body and turned over and wondered if he could just fall asleep and wake up and make believe he’d never said what he’d just said. Misery and panic had the exhaustion at bay, though, and when Billy moved behind him, squirmed and shifted and turned until Dom was pretty sure Billy was now looking at the back of his head, Dom wondered if possibly he could just pretend he was already asleep, surely he could do that, right? Right?

Billy’s voice was a bit blurry when it finally came. “Is being a little bit in love like being a little bit pregnant?”

Dom squinched his eyes shut. “I dunno,” he said. “Never been pregnant.”

“We’ll have to work on that,” Billy said, and his hand on Dom’s arm was hot and light and a little shaky. “Margaret wants nieces and nephews, y’know.”

Dom tried to turn over, but Billy’s hand stopped him. “But I want to look at your face,” Dom protested.

“The only reason you could possibly want to turn over right this minute is to give me a kiss,” Billy informed him, and his voice was shaky, too, but it sounded like he was smiling. “But I drank approximately nineteen pints of beer last night, and if you come face to face with me right now, you won’t be even a little bit in love with me, so.” His lips weren’t shaky at all—they were warm and dry and soft, pressing a kiss to Dom’s nape and then resting there as Billy’s arm came round Dom’s body, as his warm legs tucked up behind Dom’s and his chest curved to fit the curve of Dom’s back. “So that’ll have to do for the first kiss, at least until we’ve both slept a bit and brushed our teeth, alright?”

Dom’s whole body flushed, from scalp to toes, and he nodded a little, grinning like an idiot and half-glad Billy couldn’t see it, as he was sure he looked like a lunatic. “Alright. But I’m not having any babies, Boyd. That’ll have to be your job.”

“We’ll talk about it later,” Billy sighed, snuggling closer. “Shut up now.”

“Okay. ...Thanks, Prince Billy.”

“You’re welcome, peasant lad Dom.”

“I’m not a peasant, Bill.”

“Shut up.”

“Alright.”

...

...