Having a real shower and a fresh change of clothes did wonders for Dylan. Having the time to talk to Joker was, however, nerve-wracking.

Having the time to think about it didn't help matters. He wasn't having second thoughts, but he was having worries. When Joker's condition and how a relationship of any kind with him would work because of it hadn't been on his priority list, he hadn't seen any potential problems.

Now, though...Dylan was wondering if he could handle it. Joker was unexplored territory. He wasn't even like a woman, women weren't that breakable. It was just something completely different, something he wasn't prepared for. He liked making the headboards hit the wall when he was with a man, and that wouldn't fly here.

The more he thought about it, the more he realized he didn't think of this as a deal breaker. The thought of breaking it off with Joker before anything even happened wasn't appealing to him. It would just be immature to be hung up over the particulars of sex, and they weren't in high-school.

This just meant he had to deal with it, and that wasn't a happy thought, either.

Dylan felt ashamed at the idea that he could use checking up on the crew now that the mission was done as an excuse to avoid Joker as long as possible while he thought about these things.

He did it anyway, soon finding himself in the lab where Mordin was still working on god knew what despite the mission being over and done with. He had a feeling Mordin was here to stay, really. “Shepard; how can I help?”

“Have you got a minute to talk?” About the aftermath of the mission, or what to do about the Reapers, Dylan was thinking.

“Actually, wanted to talk. Medical matters.”

What with Mordin being a veritable fountain of intellect, Dylan didn't particularly like the idea that he wanted to talk about 'medical matters.' Medical matters that would trouble Mordin started at plagues, grew to the Collectors' seeker swarms, and...well, Dylan wasn't sure he wanted to know what could be worse.

Whether or not what Mordin said next actually was worse, Dylan wasn't sure. “Aware that mission was dangerous. Different species react differently to stress. Sexual activity common for humans in such times, understand it intellectually. Still, recommend caution. Joker's condition counterproductive to such activities. Must compensate. Recommend you plan ahead of time to avoid more...high-impact activities.”

It was definitely worse. That he and Joker had basically agreed to have sex in the near future seemed like a tasteless, sterile way of looking at the entire thing to Dylan. It was also a little easier to accept on such terms given the awkwardness.

For about five seconds, he wondered how Mordin knew about it, until it dawned on him that since EDI practically eavesdropped on the entire ship twenty-four/seven, she'd probably asked Mordin to have this conversation with him. Hell, they'd kissed right in front of her in the cockpit, so to speak. He didn't find it insulting that she didn't trust him to think about this issue, because it saved him the trouble of having to say it out loud to anyone, and maybe talking about it before talking to Joker would help. “I intend to be cautious, Doctor.” This, somehow, felt less awkward than the actual issue. Knowing that Mordin was looking at this purely from a scientific standpoint was oddly comforting. It was like having all the benefits of a concerned friend and none of the judgments. Although, Dylan wasn't so sure he needed concern, either. “But Joker is important to me, you're not gonna scare me off.”

“Of course; hormones.” Nodding once, Mordin emphasized, “Regardless, caution.”

Hell, it was free advice from a good source. No reason Dylan could see not to run with it. “Do you have a recommendation as a doctor?”

“Biotic ability also gives benefits. Forwarding advice booklet to your quarters, helpful diagrams, enjoyable positions with minimal load-bearing for one partner as well as inventive uses of mass-effect fields.” Smiling again, Mordin brought up his omnitool and started hitting buttons. “Advise against attempting to increase...length. Results often unpredictable. Sometimes messy.”

His eyebrows slowly crawling up his head as he processed that last part, Dylan said, “Wait...messy?”

“Yes, saw it many times on Omega, sexual deviance rampant in some districts. Very hard to keep accurate files, patients often tell reception they have a cold, only tell truth to doctor. Extremely awkward. Suggest using biotics to lighten Joker's mass, may allow for more,” Mordin coughed slightly, “High-impact activities.”

Actually scratching his head, Dylan wondered why Mordin came back to that. “What do you mean by 'high-impact,' exactly?”

“Apologies,” Mordin blinked, his face falling slightly, as if he felt shame over making an error, but no real guilt. “Research on human same-gender relations suggested correlation between wish for abrasive activities and occupation. Correlation positive in occupations such as construction worker or Alliance Marine. Simply wished to be thorough.”

Mordin was, Dylan realized, stereotyping. About rough sex, no less. He was stereotyping correctly, but Dylan wasn't going to admit that. He knew it would somehow get back to Kelly, and then he'd never hear the end of it. Besides, Alliance Marines were also stereotyped as being able to readily adapt to given situations, and Dylan was perfectly capable of proving that one correct, too.

When Dylan didn't say anything, Mordin added, “Enjoy yourself while possible, Shepard. Will be here studying cell reproduction. Much simpler; less alcohol and lubrication required.”

All things considered, Dylan was glad Mordin didn't seem to expect an answer.

He wasn't even sorry that he had no more excuses to avoid Joker anymore, and he was even grateful that he didn't have to wait for the elevator to see him. The confidence didn't really last for the walk to the cockpit, but Dylan didn't care. He wasn't going to screw this up by running away, literally or figuratively.

For the first time, when Joker spun his chair around, he was quiet.

The stare they gave each other was practically a biotic barrier. “So,” Dylan managed.

“Right,” Joker said. “This is kinda' awkward.”

“It's not,” Dylan said, firmly. He sighed, and glanced down at the floor, knowing it was an obvious lie. “It's not you, it's me.”

“Oh, here we go,” the noise Joker let out was even more depressing, and he looked at the floor longer. “Not that I don't expect this, but...chrissakes, Commander, if you just decided I'm too much work, say so, don't pussyfoot around it. It's like telling a Quarian it's not the suit that's the problem. It really doesn't help things.”

Staring wordlessly again, trying to figure out how this had gone so wrong already, Dylan said, “What? No, that's...that's not what I'm doing. I don't want to break this off.”

“Oh.” By now, it was like a comedy routine, only they were both the punchline. Fortunately, Joker wasn't bothered by a situation like that. “Well, that's good. What is it, then?”

“It is that. You. Your condition, I mean,” Dylan started cracking his knuckles, unsure how to say it any other way. Maybe just being honest about it even though it wasn't a deal breaker was still the right way to go. “It's something I have to handle, and it's just...not what I'm used to. You're not what I'm used to. I usually don't even go for guys with beards.” At the look Joker gave him, which Dylan was sure he usually reserved for EDI, he added, “What I mean is, this isn't just a quick lay to me.”

“Oh,” Joker's eyes went wide. “Well, that's...good to hear, it'll be nice not to wake up alone for once.” Another pause, more awkwardness. “We're still going to do that though, right? 'Cause, I mean, we know what we want, and there's really no reason not to.” One more pause before Joker added, “And I really want to take your shirt off and drool, just saying.”

This conversation, Dylan thought, turned out to be a good idea after all. “Definitely.”