The Swim

Hi.

I'm Sandy and I thought I'd write about my first experience with CMNF.

This was many years ago (back in the 1970s), and I was on my high school girls’ swim team.  We weren't top of the league, but I wasn't all that competitive to begin with.  I just loved to swim and be part of the group.  A few of the girls were really into winning but that was them and not me.  Still, I DID care about my teammates and didn’t want to let them down so I worked hard at it.

Anyway, the point is, I was very "at home" in the pool - at school, at home or at friends' houses.  And yes, of course I had gone skinny dipping a few times with friends - some on the team and some not.  It was no big deal to me.  It felt great and it was kind of wild (well, for ME, anyway).

So here's what happened one night in late September.  My brother, Glenn, is three years older than me and our little brother is four years younger than me.  It was a Friday night a couple of weeks after school started and my parents and little brother had left town earlier that evening to visit my grandparents.  They live about five hours away and needed my dad's help on some house stuff.  So it was just me and Glenn staying at home.  

We could have friends over, but no girlfriends for him and no boyfriends for me.  I didn't care because I didn't have a boyfriend at the time but I think it made my brother mad.  Of course, I thought THAT was fine.  HA!  Anyway, we were both supposed to be home by 11 PM but before that time, we could be out with friends (just no "dates" - my parents were paranoid, I think).  Well, two of my friends and I went to see a movie.  What I didn’t know was that they were going to meet their boyfriends there and the guys had another boy with them, Matt.  I couldn't really do anything about it.  I wasn't driving and, besides, he WAS pretty cute.  I'd seen him at school but he was a senior so I didn't see him that much.  It wasn’t really a “date” – we all just hung out for a while.

Well, the movie was OK but I really didn't pay much attention and it was a lot of fun.  Afterwards, Matt and the other boys got in one car and took off and we went in my friend's car and got ice cream on our way home.  I got dropped off at home around 10:45 PM.  I went inside and my brother was there with two of his friends; one was the guy next door who'd moved in about a year before, Craig, and the other guy was my brother's best friend, Brad, who I've known like forever.  I said, "Hi!" and threw my coat on the back of Dad’s chair and headed for my room but Glenn said, "So, Sandy, how was the entertainment?"

"Oh, it was just kinda 'eh'...," I said, "not all that great," and I kept walking towards my room.

"Hold on, just a sec," Glenn said, "I meant, how was the EN-TER-TAIN-MENT?" emphasizing that word.

I stopped at the front of the hall.  "Huh?  It was just OK, nothing great," I replied, wondering why he even cared.

"I'm not talking about the movie," he said.

"Huh?"  I must've sounded like a broken record.

"Well - what ELSE went on tonight?" he asked, grinning.

I started to get all flushed - did he know about the boys?  "Nothing ELSE went on," I lied, "It was just a stupid movie."

"Yeah, but you probably didn't see much of it, did you?"

Oh no!  He MUST have found out.  I just stared at him.

"C'mon," he said, still grinning, "Tell me about your new friend."  It was obvious he knew.

"Oh, that guy at the movie?  He was just there with some friends of his and Jamie knew them," I said - which was true, actually.

"Yeah, that GUY - that MALE - that BOY - as in, 'NO BOYS WHILE WE'RE GONE'" he quoted our parents.  I knew he had me then.

"It was nothing.  We didn't do ANYTHING.  It wasn't a DATE, they were just there when WE were!  It's no big deal," I said and I turned to head down the hallway.

"HEY!" he yelled, "I'm not done with you!"  He never talked to me like that.  To be honest, he sounded just like Dad.  I turned back to face him.

"WHAT?" I half-yelled, trying to sound exasperated and not worried.

"It's very simple," he said.  "Whether YOU think it's a big deal or not, Mom and Dad think it IS and that's why they made the rule.  Now, the only question you have to ask yourself is, do you want them to know what I know?"

I was stuck.  I had no answer.  Of COURSE I didn't want them to know.  My parents weren't as bad as some others I knew of, but when it came to boys, they were all paranoid, like I said.  It never mattered much to me because I hadn't had a serious boyfriend yet.  But now it was going to look like I waited until they were out of town and then snuck out with a boy and that would make my life VERY uncomfortable.

"OK, FINE," I said.  "So I OWE you one."  I turned again to head to my room.

"No, hang on.  It's not that easy," Glenn said.  I took a couple of steps back into the living room.  "We're going to have to come to some sort of agreement," he said, "or I guess I'll just have to have a talk with them when they get home."

We had a District swim meet coming up and I did NOT want to miss that.  I was part of the relay team even though I wasn't a senior I was part of the team and this was going to be my first meet.  I didn't care that much about it other than I didn't want to let everyone else down.  We were a good team.  I knew if Mom and Dad heard about the boy, I would be grounded for sure.  We didn't DO anything but that would not matter, I knew.  And to be grounded when I didn't do anything but TALK to him... well...

I walked back into the living room.  "OK, what's it going to take?”

"I've been thinking about this since I saw you with him," he said, grinning again.  I guess he was there, too.  Anyway, I figured I'd just go ahead and do what he wanted.  It would shut him up, I wouldn't be grounded, and Mom and Dad would never know and that's fine.  He said, "I'm gonna go easy on you.  I just want you to do what I know you've done before so it's no big deal."

Huh?  What was he talking about, now?  "Like what?" I asked.

"Like what you and Jamie were doing last Tuesday," he replied.

Oh NO!  No, it couldn't be!  That was the last time I went skinny dipping.  It was just me and my friend, Jamie.  We were here alone and I thought no one was going to be home for hours.  We only did it for like about ten minutes!  Was he THERE?

"What are you talking about?"  Yeah, it was lame but I couldn't think what else to say.

"I'm talking about how I found out that Jamie is a natural blonde!" he said, grinning wider than ever, "And YOU are a natural brunette!"  

Then he AND his friends started laughing.  I had forgotten they were even there.  All three of the guys were laughing, now, and I know I had to have turned completely red all over.

It took me a moment to deal with all of this.  My brother had seen me with Matt.  And earlier in the week he had seen me AND Jaime skinny dipping.  My head was starting to spin.  Was he spying on me?  What else did he know?  "OK, what are you saying?" I asked, hoping he would just say he was kidding and let me go.

"I'm saying that I saw you and Jaime go skinny dipping in our pool AND that if you want THAT to go away and the thing about MATT to go away... all you have to do is what you've already done."

"What I've 'already done'?  What's that supposed to mean?"  I tried to sound defiant but I was afraid I knew exactly what he meant.  This wasn't happening.  Was my own brother really going to force me to go skinny dipping in front of him and two friends?  No.  No way!  "Forget it!" I yelled.  "There is NO way I'm gonna take my clothes off in front of you guys!"

"Hmmm... well... OK, if that's how you want this to go," Glenn said calmly.  "It's your choice.  Just a little skinny dipping tonight, or have Mom and Dad know all about you and Jamie swimming naked when they're not home AND about you having a DATE when they're not home AND when they specifically told you NOT to."

I was stuck.

I knew he had me.  It wasn't just MY problem now... it was the team's problem.  I would let them down AND it would be too embarrassing when people found out why I was grounded - like I was a baby or something.  The whole thing sucked 'cause I had no options, but I knew I had to do it.  I knew nothing would happen to me with Glenn there, even though HE was the one who was doing this to me.

"Well, make them go away first," I said, pointing to his friends.

"Uh... no.  I don't think so.  I've seen you naked before so that wouldn't be so embarrassing to you.  Not a big enough pay off.  No, this is going to cost you.  Take off your shirt!"

"But I was like about SIX YEARS OLD!" I cried.  I was thinking about when we were little, forgetting about Tuesday.  "You can't make me do this!"

"Oh, but I am.  Now it's a few minutes in front of us, or you can spend your time talking with Mom and Dad.  What's it gonna be?"

I had no choice.  "OK, but NOBODY talks about this EVER, got it?"  I tried to look as tough as I could.

"Well, IF you behave and IF you do as you're told, then - no - we won't ever talk about it," said Glenn.  "Right, you guys?"  He looked at each of his two friends.

"Yeah, sure, no problem," they both mumbled.

Then Glenn looked me straight in the eye and said, "OK.  Now, Sandy - off with the shirt."

I stood for a moment, and then turned around and started to unbutton my shirt.  "OH no, no, no," Glenn said.  I looked back over my shoulder.  He was shaking his head, "No, that's not how it's gonna be.  You turn around and face us.  I'll tell you which way to face and when.  You'll do what I tell you."

I turned back to face them and unbuttoned the rest of my shirt.  Now they could see from my belly button up past the middle of my bra (thank goodness I had a new one on) and up to my face, which I knew had to be beet red.

"Take the shirt off."  I looked to my left.  It was the boy from next door who said that.  Craig.  He was very quiet.  He wasn't grinning.  I just stood there looking at him looking at me.

"It's OK," said my brother, "Take it off."

"You keep them away from me!" I said.  My brother was a wrestler when he was a junior.  He switched to track for his senior year but I knew he was stronger than his two friends.  I wasn't really too worried but Craig was unnerving me.  "Don't you worry about them," Glenn said, "No one is gonna touch you.  I'll see to that.  Now... the shirt.  Take it off."
______________________________________

I stood there a moment longer.  I had on my jeans and a long sleeve shirt, shoes and socks, and my undies, of course, but my shirt was unbuttoned so all three of the guys could see a bit of my bra and I knew they wanted to see more and I could do nothing about it.  I slid the shirt off my shoulders, it fell down my arms behind my back and I let it drop to the floor.

I was so scared.  I wasn't goody-goody but I had never let a boy see me in my bra much less naked.  Well, I mean Glenn and my little brother had seen me in undies but that doesn’t count.  And yet here I was, with three guys looking me over.  I was so nervous and I hadn't even really undressed yet!  My brown hair was long, but I wished it was longer so it could cover my breasts - it stopped about two inches above the cups of my bra.

"Nice..." said Brad, who was almost like a brother to me.  I just didn't know what to think.  I just stood there.

Glenn broke the silence.  "Now take your pants off."  He said it so 'matter-of-factly' like, "Can you get me a glass of water?"  Like it was no big deal.  Well, I guess it wasn't - not to THEM.

"I gotta sit down so I can get my shoes off.  I can't get my pants off over them," I explained, "They're too tight."

"Sure, go ahead," replied Glenn.  I sat on the arm of Dad's chair to take off my shoes and socks.  Back then, I never untied my shoes, I just yanked hard and pulled them off.  I felt my breasts jiggle a little.  I thought I heard one of the boys make a noise, like a tiny moan - I thought it was Craig but it might have been Brad.  I looked up at Glenn.

"OK.  Now your pants," he said.

I stood back up.  I undid my belt and started to unbutton my jeans.

"Hold on," said Craig.  I stopped and stood there with my hands on the top of my jeans.  Craig was looking thoughtful.  "White!" he said, suddenly.

"Naa, pink!"  This was from Brad.

"I dunno," Glenn said.  "I was gonna say white, too.  Let's see..."

And then it hit me, they were talking about the color of my panties!  I was so embarrassed!

"C'mon, let's see who wins."  My wonderful brother.  Thanks.  So I unbuttoned my jeans and opened the front.

"BLUE!" shouted the chorus.  "Oh man, I was thinkin' that!" said Brad.

"Yeah, SURE you were!" from Craig.

"Go ahead and take ‘em off."  This was Glenn again.  My jeans were really tight so I wiggled my hips to get them pulled down.  They pulled my panties down a little and I saw the top of my pubic hair was showing so I quickly yanked my panties back up.  I then pushed my pants the rest of the way down to my ankles.  I stepped out of them and stood there in my bra and panties while the three guys looked me up and down.

"Yeah," they said.  They were smiling so wide and nodding.  "That looks niiice!"  Craig dragged that last word out.  He was staring at my panties.  I looked down and realized that they could see the dark patch of my pubic hair through the pale blue of my panties.  I knew that this was just a no-win situation for me.  It wasn't going to get any better; it wasn't going away; it was going to happen so I thought I should just get it over with as quickly as possible.

"Well," said my ever-thoughtful brother, "you can't let your undies get wet, now, can ya?"  He didn't have to say anything more.  I knew it was time.  I didn't even bother to turn around.  I reached behind me and unclasped my bra.  I crossed my arms in front of my breasts and slid the shoulder straps off.  "May as well just get it over with," I thought to myself.  I let my arms drop, and with them, my bra.

What was weird was that I immediately felt my nipples perk right up.  They do that when cold air hits them, but it wasn't particularly cold.  

Looking back now I think it was because I knew these guys were checking me out and loving it.  It was a very weird feeling.  I hated being under their control, so to speak.  I felt like I had no choice but to do exactly what they told me and I didn't like that.  But, at the same time, I KNEW it was turning them on.  Well, at least I was pretty sure Craig and Brad were getting turned on.  I HOPED my brother wasn't.  I pretty much knew HE was enjoying it because I had to do what he said, no matter what I wanted, and he knew this was something I did NOT want to do.

"Nice," said Brad.  "You have nice boobs!  I wondered what they'd look like."

WOW - that kinda freaked me out.  Brad and I more or less grew up together.  I think I said earlier that he was almost like another brother to me.  And yet, he was telling me he wondered what my breasts looked like???  I was only a 34B and he'd had several girlfriends, and they were all bigger than I was.  Why would he care what I looked like naked?

"Get those panties off!"  It was Craig.

"HEY, take it easy, man - this IS my sister, OK?  Just relax.  She'll do what I tell her."  Well, Glenn was watching out for me which, actually, made me feel good.  This was a very weird situation and Craig was starting to scare me a bit, but I knew I was OK with Glenn there.  And I kinda thought Brad would take care of me, too, but I was still trying to process the idea of him wanting to see me naked.  I guess guys are guys, no matter what.  All they think about most of the time is sex.

"Sandy," Glenn was talking quietly to me now, "you know you're going to have to take everything off and get in the pool when I tell you to.  But I'll give you a break.  I won't tell you WHEN to take your panties off.  You just do it when you're ready.  But you're not going anywhere until we're done - and we can wait all night.  So... whenever you're ready, take your panties off and then I'll tell you what to do next."

Again, I just stood there, wearing only my light blue panties - and they weren't that much cover.  I'd never really thought about it before but I had several of my panties that were kind of thin and you could see a little.  My mind was going every which-way.  I was sort of frozen there.  It's like it was now MY choice as to when I let them see me totally naked.  Like it was MY idea or something.  I didn't want to take my panties off at all, but I knew I had to.  I couldn't focus.

"Sandy?"  It was Glenn again.  "You just wait there."  Turning to his friends he said, "You guy want something to drink?"  He stood up and started for the kitchen.

"Got any beer?" asked Craig.

"Yeah, but WE'RE not touchin' it.  My dad would know PLUS so would Sandy."  He looked over at me.  "And we don't wanna give her any ammunition, do we?  No, we have the upper hand here, and I'm not gonna blow that.  Coke or 7-Up?"

"OK, a 7-Up," said Craig.  The whole time he was talking to Glenn, he was staring at my panties.  This guy was WEIRD.  I'm glad I wasn't in the room with him, alone.

"I'll take a Coke," said Brad.  He'd been looking at Glenn, but then he turned back to me and his eyes moved up and down my body.  I could FEEL him looking at me.  It was scary but exciting at the same time.  I knew my nipples were really pokey by now and I was starting to feel something else.  Something lower.  This was SO weird.

I heard the fridge door shut and I heard Glenn open the bottles.  He came back in, handed the drinks to the two guys, sat back down and started to sip.  They just sat there sipping their drinks and waited for me.

"Oh, I'm sorry - did you want something?" asked Glenn.

"No!"

"OK, take your time."

It was unreal.  They just sat there - like they were watching TV.  Well, except for Craig who just kept staring.  I thought if it was just Brad and Glenn it would be easier but Craig was just... I dunno... slimy.

It was probably only about a minute but it felt like a half hour when I thought, "This is just stupid.  I'm just going to do it and get it over with."  And, with that thought, I hooked my thumbs into my panties and pulled them down to my knees, I stepped out, right leg then left, and then stood up, my panties hanging from my right hand.

"VERY pretty..." said Brad.  "You look damn good!"  It felt good to hear him say that, even in this situation and suddenly I realized - I was getting wet!  Oh my gawd, not NOW!  What if they could see?

I had to get out of there.  This whole situation was just too bizarre.  I was standing there totally and completely naked with three guys looking at me.  I, I, I just didn’t know what to do.  I wanted to turn around when Glenn said, "OK, Sandy, turn around so we can see all of you."  What a relief!  I turned my back to them quickly.

"Nice ass!"  Yes, it was Craig again.

"Yeah, actually, Sandy, you do have a pretty nice butt."  That was Brad.  He was SO much nicer than Craig.  Not crude.

I felt my moistness again.  I put my hands together in front of me.  I was glad I hadn't dropped my panties.  With my back to them, I used the panties to gently make sure no wetness showed.  I looked down and saw that my panties were just a little damp, but not much.  I was relieved.

"Yep, very nice."  Brad.  I thought again that this wouldn't be so bad if it was just Brad and Glenn.  I started to feel like I really didn't mind THEM seeing me totally naked - it was the fact that Craig got to see, too, that was pissing me off.

"OK, Sis, turn back around."

I turned back, keeping the panties in front of me.  There was Craig, staring right there again.  Brad was looking, but he was smiling at me.  

Glenn's face looked blank.

Craig spewed out, "Let me see her PUSSY!"  At that, Brad stood up, turned, and stepped over in front of Craig, blocking his view.

"Man, you need to RELAX!" he said.  "You don't need to talk to her that way."

"Screw you, man, I wanna see!  Make her spread her legs!"  At that, my brother stood up and turned around, too.

"Craig, I was gonna do this with just Brad and me, but I thought you would be cool about it.  If you're gonna act like a six year old, then you can just get the hell out.  What's it gonna be?"

Nobody was looking at me now.  I thought maybe I should leave.  I thought maybe they were gonna fight.  But, as much as I wanted to leave and put clothes on, I wanted more to see what happened with the guys.  Both my brother AND Brad were sticking up for me.  Actually, it felt pretty damned good!  I started to relax a bit, myself.

"OK, OK, no problem!  I didn't mean nothin' by it.  Geez!"  He talked with defiance in his voice, but I think Craig knew that either Brad or Glenn could stomp him like a bug by themselves, and he didn't have a chance with both of them standing up for me.

"Just keep your mouth shut, that's all," said Glenn, and he and Brad both turned slowly and went back to their seats.  Once again, I was the center of attention.  Craig was shifting his eyes around now, from my hands to my breasts and back.  Glenn and Brad just looked at me - just like they would if I was wearing my clothes.  Maybe this wasn't so bad.  And I thought, Craig can't do anything to me.  So what if he sees?  He'll NEVER get anywhere close to me!  Let him look - 'cause that's all he'll ever get to do.  And with that thought, I let my hands go to my sides, I dropped my panties and stood there fully naked, fully exposed, and it felt kinda nice!

"Well, OK, I guess you're ready for your swim," said Glenn.  "Let's go!"  He got up and so did Brad and Craig.  Glenn opened the sliding glass door and they walked out onto the decking around our pool.  It was pretty dark outside with only a little bit of light from the moon coming through the clouds.  Glenn looked back.  "C'mon, Sis, let's go."

So I walked to the door and stopped.  They moved apart further.  I had to walk out between them, Brad and Craig on my right and my brother on my left.  As I walked, I could feel my breasts jiggling a little and I knew they could see, too, even though it was dark.

I stopped next to Glenn.  "Do I really have to get in?"

"Um... yeah, that's the 'dipping' part of 'skinny dipping,' Sis."  He could be such a smart-ass.  I needed something to tie my hair back.  I walked over to the table where I had a couple of ties.  I picked one up and was reaching up to gather my hair when Brad spoke up behind me.

"Uh, Sandy?" he asked, "Would you mind turning around while you do that?"

He was asking, not ordering me.  I figured I didn't have to do what he wanted.  I only had to do what Glenn said.  But, somehow, I wanted to do it - maybe BECAUSE he asked.  I don't know.  But I turned around and faced all three of them.  I put the tie between my teeth and lifted my arms and started gathering my hair back to a pony-tail.  I knew it was making my breasts move and that's what they wanted to see.  So, I sort of exaggerated my movements a little, making my breasts move a bit more.  I didn't have big ones that bobbed all around like some of the girls in the showers, but they moved some.  The guys didn't seem to mind at all.  I got my hair pulled back and tied and I let my arms down at my sides, waiting for the next "order" from Glenn.

"OK, dip!"  That's my brother - a man of few words.  I headed for the steps.

"Sandy?"  It was Brad again.

"Yeah?"

"Can you do a racing start at the deep end, like you do for the swim team?"

"Seriously?"

"Well, yeah, if you don't mind.  I've watched the team practice and I always wondered how cool it would be if you were all naked.  So, now I can find out.  If that's OK with you, I mean."

I looked at him, then at Glenn.  I didn't even care what Craig was doing or thinking.  Glenn said, "I don't care either way but that's not a bad idea.  Still... I'll let you decide, Sandy.  It's your choice."

This really wasn't so bad.  He started out kinda bossy, but he was letting me make some choices.  And Brad was kinda sweet in how he asked me for stuff.  "OK," I said, and I turned to walk to the other end of the pool.  Glenn started walking with me.  It was strange to be walking outside with my brother, me totally nude and him totally clothed.  And walking on the hard decking not only made my breasts jiggle but I could feel my bottom was bouncing a bit, too, and I knew Brad could see that.

I looked at Glenn.  "Where are you going?"

"It's dark," he answered.  "I don't want you to miss the pool and hurt yourself."  As he said that, he stopped walking and reached over to the wall and hit the switch to turn on the underwater light - the one right under the diving board that made the entire pool glow blue!  Now there was a glow coming out of the pool and you could see everything in the water - it was crystal clear!

"OH NO!" I said, "You can turn that off RIGHT now!  The other neighbors might see - Brad's Mom and Dad might see!  And what about the Johnsons next door?"

"Ha, the JOHNSONS?" laughed Glenn.  "Don't you know that Mr. J watches you when you're laying out by the pool?  I've seen him trying to get a look over the fence when you're out there."  He laughed some more.  "I dunno, but I think maybe he was watching you and Jamie last Tuesday, too!"

"OH MY GAWD NO!" I shouted!

"Hey," he said quietly, "Calm down, Sis.  You don't want to wake anyone up or draw any more attention, do you?"  I was MAD and he could tell.

"OK, OK, I was just kidding about last Tuesday!"  Then he explained, "When I got home, I saw you and Jamie out back in your bikinis.  You were sitting at the table talking.  I was about to go out when you both stood up and took off your tops.  So I backed up and watched when you both dived in.  I moved to the kitchen and looked out the window.  I saw you both throw your bottoms up on the decking and I knew you were both naked.  I leaned closer to the window to look out the corner and see if Mr. J was watching.  He DOES watch you, you know.  I mean when you're working on your tan.  But, anyway, I DID look and I did NOT see him so you can relax."

As he described last Tuesday to me, I knew without doubt that he was there because that's exactly how it happened.

"Yeah," he continued, "then, after a while, you and Jamie came out by the stairs and went to get your towels.  That's when I knew about her being a true blonde and you being a true brunette."  Brad chuckled but I heard Craig mumble something like, "Yeah, baby."  What a dirtbag!

"Well, I want the light off," I insisted.

"Well, I want it on," said Glenn.

"No."

"OK," he said, "Have it your way.  Let's go, you guys.  We're done here.  I guess Sandy would rather explain her date with Matt to Mom and Dad than take a little swim."  He started to head back into the house.
______________________________________

"OK, OK, wait!" I said.  It was obvious.  I had already stripped completely naked and walked around for them.  It WAS true there was no one else around.  If I quit now, then I would have done it all for nothing because I was pretty sure Glenn WOULD tell on me if I didn’t do exactly what he said.  "Leave the light on.  Let me just get this over with."

Brad spoke up, "Hey, man, you know there's enough light out here.  We could probably leave that light off."  WOW - he was sticking up for me again!  He was so SWEET!

"No... I'm sorry.  The point is this has to COST her," said Glenn.  "The light stays on."  He turned to me.  "Sis, starting position."  I glared at him, giving him my best "I hate your guts" sister look, and then walked over to the edge next to the board.  The light from inside the pool lit me up.  I knew they were getting a very good look at me.  I looked over at the fence to make sure Mr. Johnson wasn't watching but I really couldn't see because of the light from the pool.  The boys all moved to the edge of the pool.  I thought they were gonna sit and watch but I guess they wanted to see everything.  I stood at the edge, got set, and dived in!

OH the water felt so cold!  But WOW what a great feeling!  I really did LOVE to skinny dip.  Feeling the water flowing over ALL of my skin - well, there's nothing like it.  If you haven't tried it, you should - it's really the only way to swim.  I was kind of lost in the feeling when I surfaced at the other end.  I stood and brushed the water from my face.  It felt great.  I could feel the water running down over my breasts, my belly, my bottom... the rest of me was still underwater.  And then I remembered I wasn't alone.  I looked back over my shoulder and all three of them were staring at me.  I didn't even wait to be told, I turned and faced them.  "Oh, what the hell," I thought, and I turned back around, flopped on my back and did the back stroke the full length of the pool.  I knew they were watching me, watching the water flowing over my breasts, my belly, and yes, over my pubic hair as I moved to the far end of the pool.  I had a feeling of being so free.  It was like, well, OK, if I have to be naked, then I'm going to enjoy it - and, really, it was feeling more comfortable every minute.

I got to the deep end and reached up and grabbed the board from underneath.  I was holding onto the board, letting my body hang in the water, fully illuminated by the light behind me.  I took a deep breath and let go of the board, dropping down to the bottom of the pool, letting the air out slowly.  I sat my naked bottom on the drain.  I looked up.  I thought I'd see the boys looking down at me, but while everything underwater was lit up, I couldn't see anything above the surface.  I used my hands to push my butt up off the drain, slipped my feet underneath and pushed them against the bottom, shooting me back to the surface.

I got some air, then turned and swam to the shallow end again.  Slowly.  I realized I was ENJOYING this!  I loved to skinny dip and, while I hated being forced to do anything, as it turned out, this was fun.  I wasn't one of the "popular" girls in school.  I wasn't a cheerleader and I didn't have big boobs.  But, for the first time that I could think of, I was the center of attention.  These three guys couldn't take their eyes off me.  Maybe I wasn't so bad, after all.  I stood at the shallow end and walked up on the first step.  This put most of my body above the water.  There was plenty of light.  I faced the guys and reached up behind my head and started to squeeze the water out of my hair.  Doing so made my breasts lift and jiggle as I tugged on my hair.  I could feel the water cascading over my bottom, and I could feel a cool breeze in my pubies as the water dripped out.  Wow this felt great!  The boys just stood there watching, totally silent.  Even Glenn was speechless for once.

I thought, OK, let me try one more thing.  I stepped back down and launched myself for the deep end, doing the butterfly stroke.  I really hate this stroke but we have to know it.  I figured this would make my bottom pop in and out of the water and really get to them.  What I didn't count on what how much I felt the impact on my breasts.  I got to the other end and my nipples were rock hard.  But, you know what?  I didn't care!  I felt so alive!  I got to the ladder and pulled myself up on the first step and waited, letting the water flow off my naked body.  They all just stared at me.

I didn't even ask.  I just got the rest of the way out of the pool and walked over to the table and grabbed a towel that was there.  I put it around my shoulders 'cause I was starting to feel the chill.  As I reached up to pull the tie out of my hair, I looked at Brad and I noticed that it was VERY clear that he was VERY turned on by what I'd just done.  He had a very visible bulge in his pants and I LOVED it!  I looked at Craig but he was more in the shadows so I couldn't tell.  I almost didn't want to know but I started to check my brother to see if HE was as turned on as Brad.  The thing is, it would have been kind of a compliment, but mostly it would have been EWWWWW because he was my brother!

But, before I could see, he had turned around and headed back into the house saying, "I'll get you a hot chocolate, Sis.  You've earned it!"
