Watching `Taboo'

I recently got hold of a book titled 'Taboo: Sacred, Don't Touch', written by Kay Taylor Parker. According to her the book is an "Autobiographical Journey spanning Six Thousand Years". For many people Kay Taylor Parker is the name of a metaphysical counselor but those who knew her since long know that she was once the first lady of fuck films. She was famous for her role of the incestuous mother Barbara Scott; in the 1980 porno film 'Taboo'. She was known for her very large breasts. Many of her devoted fans also greatly admired her significant amount of dark pubic hair. 

In her book she wrote about her early childhood, her career in the adult industry, and her experiences with the metaphysical. Parker's path of personal healing took her deeply into past life regression and, in the process; she discovered many answers and revelations about the dynamics of human evolution and the collective journey upon which we are all embarked. Kay shares openly about integrating sexuality and spirituality and releasing her shame and the exploration of the "bigger picture" of her lives' experiences. In one of the chapters of book, (The Princess's Tears) she writes,

'I have incarnated 182 times since my arrival on Earth in ancient Atlantis. Less than a third of those lifetimes have been male, perhaps indicating a required emphasis on the female experience as an integral part of my overall mission. With this in mind, it is not surprising therefore that a conspicuous theme has shown up time and again throughout my female experiences where I was forced to "power down" and stifle my God-given talents and abilities.

Whether I found myself as wife, mother, sister, lover, or consort, all parts were dictated to by the social climate and the dominating patriarchal attitudes of the times. The only talents I was free to express were those supporting the men in my life. Consequently I remained subservient.'

For some this book is bullshit while for some it's a compelling read and powerfully invites re-reads. As far as I am concerned this book took me to my past when I first watched the movie 'Taboo'.

It was 1991 and I was eighteen. On a lazy Saturday afternoon my Mom had gone to a club meeting while my Dad and my elder brother Jeff had gone off fishing. Dad wanted to take me along but I had pretended to be sick so that I could get a good look at my brother's Adult VHS tapes that he kept under his bed. I was going to have a free afternoon of beautiful ladies getting fucked by huge cocks while stoking myself slowly to satisfaction. At that time we only had one VCR in the house and it was in the family room. As my Mom pulled out of the house I quickly made my way to my brother's room.

I pushed aside a pair of shoes and pulled out a worn wooden box that housed his collection of some Adult Video Cassettes and a few wrinkled Porno magazines. This was the mother load of sexual information for me. As I carefully lifted the cover, I noticed a new video sitting on top. The title of the video was "Taboo". My desire jumped at the thought of seeing some new pussy on screen. 

I quickly made my way to the family room stopping only briefly to grab a towel and washcloth from the bathroom. I set the towel across the seat of the couch and placed the washcloth within arms reach. I inserted the cassette into VCR and turned the TV on. As the screen flicked I shed my clothes on the floor in front of the couch. 

Taboo is really is a true classic... far surpassing the porno chic trilogy and other well-known classics as `Debbie Does Dallas'. `Taboo' provided it all... hot steamy sex, a beautiful and seductive leading lady Kay Parker, great dialogue, acting, and a memorable score but most of all it was one of the first adult movies to deal with the subject of incest for it's plot. Taboo became one of the biggest-selling adult movies and spawned a number of sequels, which involve other members of the same family in incestuous relationships. For the benefit of those who haven't yet watched this classic of porn, I hereby give a Plot summery.

As the film opens, Barbara Scott (Kay Parker) is performing oral sex on her husband Chris (Turk Lyon) in their bedroom with the lights out. Chris turns the lamp on so that he can watch her do it, and she stops to turn it off again, and then resumes. They have an argument about having sex with the lights on or off, and Chris eventually does have sex with her, but she's clearly not happy about doing it with the lights on. After she comes back from cleaning up in the bathroom, she finds him getting dressed and packing a bag. He informs her that he's had enough with her repressed behavior. Barbara guesses that he's really leaving her and their son Paul to shack up with his much younger secretary.

In the morning, Barbara explains to her son Paul (Mike Ranger) that his father has gone from their lives. While Paul thinks that his father will eventually come back, she tells him to forget it. When Paul was told that he has to choose one of his parents for future, Paul immediately chooses his mother, and offers to quit school and get a job. Barbara rejects the notion, and states that she'll get a job, since she's not "over the hill". Staring at her semi-exposed breasts, Paul agrees. She is embarrassed but thanks him for the compliment. It's clear that Paul is attracted to his mom but no sexual act happens due to the fact that he has a willing girlfriend.

Sometime later, Barbara steps into a phone booth to call her friend Gina (Juliet Anderson), who takes the call while still in bed with a pair of lovers, one male and one female. Barbara tells Gina about Chris leaving her, and Gina agrees to meet her later. After hanging up, Gina begins to make love to her lovers. Meanwhile, Barbara scans the want ads and checks out a store with a help wanted sign. She seems very depressed as she walks down a street.

Barbara meets Gina at a dockside restaurant and complains about her husband. Gina suggests that what Barbara needs is a new guy, and offers to find her one. Barbara declines, saying that she needs more time. But Gina insists, stating that she knows the perfect guy for Barbara. She then asks about the job hunting. Barbara isn't having much luck, due to her age. Gina then reminds Barbara about Jerry Morgan (Michael Morrison), an old friend of Barbara and Chris, who has an office not far from their home. She then asks, very suggestively, about Barbara's son.

Paul's girlfriend, Sherry quizzes Paul about historical facts, though he'd much rather make out, and starts kissing her thighs. After he answers all her questions correctly, Sherry rewards Paul by performing oral sex on him. A friend of theirs, Diane, walks in on them and admires Paul's erection before starting to leave. Sherry offers to share, and they both perform oral sex on Paul. In a magical dissolve, all three become naked. Paul wants to have sex with Sherry, but she tells him to do it with Diane first, as Diane has apparently never experienced orgasm.

Some time later, Barbara returns home and finds a pair of panties on the couch. She asks Paul about his choice of a parent and Paul confirms that he's decided staying with her. She's pleased by this, and tries to kiss him on the cheek, but Paul turns at the last moment so that they're kissing on the lips. The kiss is a rather passionate one, to Barbara's surprise. Paul repeats his offer to quit school, but Barbara reveals that she's found a job with Jerry, noting that she doesn't think he really needs the help.

The next day, Barbara is typing in Jerry's office, under his watchful supervision. She's obviously not very good at it. Gina calls to ask Barbara whether a man named Charlie called and whether Barbara will go out with him. Barbara answers yes to both questions, but she is concerned about Charlie's intentions. While Gina assures her that Charlie's a pussycat, Jerry interrupts to ask Barbara if she can take an important letter for him. But rather than dictate a letter, he begins to caress Barbara over her protests, while Gina listens over the phone and wonders what's going on. Barbara storms out of the office, only to come back and demand that she must be paid for her time before she quits. Jerry apologizes for his actions and confesses that he's always been very attracted to her. He begs her to reconsider quitting, and she agrees ... despite a rather crude joke from Jerry about how she'll get a pay cut for refusing his advances. 

Gina, enormously aroused by the thought of her best friend being sexually assaulted, has her lovers perform oral sex on her, before doing so herself to her female lover. She then has her lovers have sex with each other, and then has her male lover have sex with her.

Paul and Sherry arrive at Paul's home, and Paul tells Sherry to wait while he sees if his mother is home. She waits, but masturbates while doing so. Barbara is in the shower, and Paul watches her from concealment, rubbing his erection through his jeans as he does. He continues to watch as she does her make-up and dresses, and then flees to the living room. When Barbara comes out, she announces that she has a date, and leaves Paul and Sherry to their own devices. Paul licks Sherry's breasts and fingers her vagina before performing oral sex on her.

Meanwhile, Barbara's date with Charlie has started poorly, as she clearly finds him repugnant. Gina has misinformed both of them about the other.

Sherry and Paul are performing oral sex on each other, and then have sex with each other. After the climax, she is surprised by his ardor, which is revealed to be due to his memories of his voyeurism on his mother. They begin to do it again.

Charlie has taken Barbara to a swinger's party, much to her consternation. She refuses to participate, and he finds another partner. Barbara observes a variety of sex acts, including a daisy chain, lesbianism, and a number of threesomes. Another man, whom she states is young enough to be her son, comes onto her, and she rejects his vigorous attentions. When its over, Charlie drives her home, and offers to take her out again. She tells him not to bother.

Despite her, Barbara fantasizes about what it would have been like to take part in the orgy, and becomes very aroused. Unable to find relief through masturbation, and discovering that she's out of sleeping pills, she gets up and wanders the hall in her nightgown. She passes Paul's room, hears him make a noise and looks in on him, but discovers that he's sleeping in the nude. While she turns to go, she starts to fantasize about the orgy again, and turns back to begin rubbing Paul's penis. She then performs oral sex on him. This wakes him up, and they have sex. The kid totally defiles his mother and she loves every moment of it. 

The next day, Paul wakes up alone. He pulls on his jeans and heads out to the kitchen, where he finds a remorseful note from his mother who tells him that they'll talk about what happened that night. Paul doesn't seem bothered about any of this.

In contrast, Barbara is horribly upset, unable to work. Gina calls her, and Barbara tells her about the bad date with Charlie before hanging up. Jerry asks her what the matter is, and then offers to take the rest of the day off with her. They have a very nice date, taking in the sights of San Francisco.

When Jerry drives her home, he offers to come in with her, but Barbara declines. She does offer to have supper with her and Paul tomorrow. She goes in to find Paul waiting for her in her bed, asking why she's kept her lover waiting. Despite Barbara's half-hearted attempts to talk seriously about it, she is seduced into having sex with Paul again.

The next day, Gina is with her lovers when Barbara, in desperate need of advice, drops by for a visit. After some confused utterances, Barbara confesses that she's had sex with Paul. Gina finds this to be incredibly arousing, and rubs herself to an orgasm listening to Barbara's explanation. Finding Gina to be no help, Barbara leaves.

That night, Jerry was found swimming in the pool behind Barbara's house, when Barbara comes out to tell him that supper is ready. He makes another pass at her, which she declines on the grounds that Paul could be watching. The three of them have dinner together, and Jerry invites Paul and Barbara up to his cabin at Lake Tahoe. Paul declines and heads off in a bad mood, stating that he's lost his appetite. Jerry proceeds to literally carry Barbara off to the bedroom, and they perform oral sex on each other. Jerry proposes marriage, but Barbara asks him not to rush her. She intends to live her life for herself, and part of her life will be keeping him as a lover. But there's another part, and when he asks her about that, she just presses her finger to his lips and shushes him. (Implicitly, she's going to continue having sex with Paul as well)

I was nearing the end of the movie when I heard the crumble of gravel outside. Someone was coming home! I stopped the VCR, turned off the TV, jumped up, grabbed the towels, and grabbed my clothes and moved to my bedroom. I was cursing myself for not getting the cassette, but I did realize with some relief that I still had the remote control in my hand.

I tried to control my breathing as I heard the sounds of Mom coming through the front door. She sounded flustered as she threw her keys on coffee table and made her way to her room. I quickly slipped under the sheets of my bed just in case she would look in on me. Not a second too soon as my door slowly opened. Through half closed eyes I could see Mom stick her head in the door. I snorted and turned feigning sleep. She closed the door quietly. 

Shortly I heard the sounds of water running for a bath. My heart rate had lowered enough to realize that I still needed to go get the cassette out of the VCR. I got up and put on my sweat pants and t-shirt. I slowly opened my door and peered down the hallway. Mom was obviously already in the bathroom. I could see that the steam that was escaping cracked the door.

I slowly walked down the hall but as I passed the bathroom I just happened to glance through the crack in the door. There I saw Mom standing totally nude getting ready to step into the bath. Mom was forty-two at the time. She had a housewife paunch and her skin was milky white. Her milk-white skin and freckles made her look like one of my classmates from school. She had black medium length curly hair, big mouth full of teeth and striking green eyes. Mom wasn't a beautiful woman by the standards of the porn stars but here was my first look at a living breathing naked woman and I naturally paused. 

My first look was at her ample butt as she cautiously stepped into the hot water. As she raised her leg I could see a hint of her pussy lips. My cock suddenly jumped to attention. She turned in preparation to sit and I then saw her big tits with large round pink nipples. My eyes widened and quickly shoot to her hairy bush surrounding her pussy. My cock was pushing the fabric of my sweats to the limits. She slowly sat down in the tub and her lips parted in a deep sigh as she felt the heat engulf her body. Her head titled back and her breasts rose up as her black hair cascaded over her back.

I felt dizzy and confused. This was my Mom here but she was naked and she didn't know I could see. In other circumstance I could have walked away and avoided watching her but remember I saw Taboo a few minutes ago. It was the effect of that movie that kept me watching her. My mom didn't look like the woman that I had just watched; yet my cock was hard as a rock. Still watching Mom as she began to wash herself my hand instinctively went under my sweat pants and I began to stroke. I could see the beads of sweat on Mom's shoulders as her body adjusted to the heat of the bath.

She grabbed a washcloth and soap and began to wash herself. First she went over her shoulders. Then she cupped each boob and washed underneath. I was feeling so crazy and stroking my cock felt so good that I hadn't realized that my sweat pants were now around my ankles. As I watched her breath heavy and lift her legs up to wash I kicked my sweat pants completely off. I was stroking slowly but surely to orgasm. I didn't want it to go too fast. 

My head was swimming with the vision of naked Mom as she washed. For a brief moment she moved a little forward and I lost most of her sight. Accidentally I leaned forward and stumbled though the cracked door. Mom looked up at me holding my rock hard cock with nothing but a t-shirt. Her eyes were shocked at first then angry.

"W-W-What are you doing???" she demanded.

"Ummm," was all I could muster! 

Now there was no turning back. I continued to stroke my cock as now I had a better view of her naked body.

"W-w-what do you want???" she stammered as her face went flush. Her fearful eyes were glued to my cock.

"I...I want you to suck it," I said breathlessly. I took a few steps towards the tub. I was just above her head.

"No.... No!" she said shaking her head. 

She brought her hand up and swatted my cock. It just bounced up harder. As she brought her hand up again she went to smack but her fingers grabbed hard onto my shaft. She pulled me forward. 

Then suddenly her grip loosened. She began to stoke me. As she did her tits bounced up and down slowly. I could see her big pink nipples shrink and grow erect. I was about to pass out from the ecstasy. It was only a few moments, and I couldn't control myself. I felt the rising of my balls and I knew I would cum soon. Her stoking had become gentle yet fierce as if she knew that I was close.

My knees buckled as orgasm waved over me. My sperm shot out and as it did she tilted her head back. I shot my load all over her big beautiful tits. It seemed to come out forever in large globs that slid down her cleavage and on her now erect nipples. I let out a big moan as the last of my spunk came out. I lingered there in bliss for what seemed eternity.

"Rick," she said softly. "Go back to your room...we can never do this again. It is wrong...it is incest. Please go." She bowed her head, as she said it. 

My eyes opened and I felt suddenly ashamed for what had happened I ran out of the bathroom and to my room. I quickly dressed and tried to get out the door. There was Mom blocking my way. Her face was flushed. Her bathrobe shut tight covered her body.

"Rick, what I just did was wrong," she said firmly, " I am going to have to tell your Dad what happened."

"What? What? No. No! Don't tell Dad! Please Mom!" I had tears streaming from my eyes.

"Ok, ok honey. I won't tell Dad. But you and I will never speak of this again. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mom, I understand."

[][][][]

The next morning I came down into the kitchen last of everyone in the house. Mom and Dad were sitting around eating with my brother who was shoveling his eggs into his mouth because his friends were already outside waiting for him in the car. Soon he ran out kissing mom and dad both on the cheeks. 

Mom just sat there drinking her coffee. Mom was in her bathrobe sitting right next to dad as he read the paper paying attention only to what he was reading. Her bathrobe was slightly parted so before she got up she tied the knot up front making sure her breasts were covered. It seemed like she didn't have a bra on for some reason. She got up and walked over to the kitchen counter to grab some cold cuts for me. 

"What do you wanna eat darling" 

She brought me back a couple of boiled eggs and some salami. I ate quickly because I slept in a little bit longer then usual. A few minutes later my dad wrapped the newspaper back together grabbed his coffee mug, picked his jacket and said goodbye. Mom walked him out and kissed him on the lips; it was just a quick smooch though. 

She walked back inside the kitchen, this time her robe slightly parted. She didn't resemble Kay but her actions reminded me of Kay Parker from the 'Taboo', the incest movie I saw yesterday. You could clearly make out her cleavage. Mom took note of my attention.

"Are you alright?"

"er ... I'm fine," I mumbled,

"Then why are you ogling me"

"Sorry mom, it's just a stare"

"You are behaving as if I am wearing nothing?"

"Sorry mom, it's because of the movie I saw yesterday." I told her frankly.

"What movie? And what it has to do with your ogling me" 

"To be honest mom, it's a porn movie."

"A porn movie in my house, how disgusting"

"It's a movie about a mom and her son"

"What, Incest! Oh my God"

"It was brought by Jeff." I tried to play innocent.

"Does it have real people...?" She asked after a brief pause.

"No no it's all actors, you can watch it yourself...."

"You mean now, No. No."

"Why not mom, the movie really is good"

"Not right now, no""

"Will you...will you watch it with me later" 

"I guess I really want to see that one...what's the name of it" 

"Well it's called 'Taboo' and there are many parts to it but the first part is the best. It's where..." 

Mom cut me off before I could finish. "Well don't ruin it for me by telling me what happens. We'll watch it tonight after dinner okay" She just kissed me on the forehead. 


Later that night we all had dinner together. Mom was wearing a revealing outfit. I and my brother couldn't keep our eyes off her amazing tits. I had a silly feeling that she was getting a kick out of us staring. 

After we were finished eating I helped my mom wash the dishes and asked her where she wanted to watch our secret little movie. She said that we should meet in the basement by the couch and watch it after everyone went to sleep. 

I took the VCR and walked quietly downstairs into the basement. A few minutes later I could hear the stairs creaking as my mom walked down after me, her high heel slippers click clacking all the way down to the cold carpet-less floor. I brought some popcorn and a two liter bottle of Pepsi out of the fridge and I fixed cups with ice for the both of us. Mom helped me stretch out the couch; it was one of those old couches that could turn into a bed. 

I walked over by the stairs to get my Pepsi bottle. 

"Don't walk on that cold floor barefoot Rick, put some slippers on." She whispered to me. She made me walk over to her and put her slippers on. I looked up the stars to make sure the door was closed and then walked up to lock it. Mom saw me do that but said nothing. 

"Rick how long is this movie honey, you have school tomorrow. I hope it doesn't last to long." 

"It's about an hour and a half but we don't have to watch the entire thing tonight, we can just finish it tomorrow if you want." 

My mom yawned as she said "Yeah let's just watch half of it tonight." 

I quickly popped the video cassette into the VCR. 

The movie opens up with Kay Parker having sex with her husband in their bedroom. I could hear mom clearing her throat. I couldn't believe that I was watching a porno movie with my mother who was lying right next to me. I looked over to her and could tell she was starting to become sweaty. 

The sex scene was getting rougher and steamier. The guy then decides to turn the light off, and Kay Parker turns it on. He shuts the light off again which upsets Kay Parker and she turns it on one more time. Then they stop having sex and get into an argument. My mom couldn't believe what was happening. 

"Why are they fighting?" 

"I guess they're having some marriage problems." I responded to my mom. 

The couple went on to argue and they both started to dress up. The man yelled at his wife saying he couldn't take it anymore and that he'll be moving out and leaving her soon. He also said that their son would have to decide which parent he wants to live with. 

Kay Parker sat down on the bed again her face very sad. 

In the next scene she is making her son breakfast in the kitchen while telling her son what happened the previous night. She goes on to say to him that she wanted him to think really good about who he wanted to move in with. The boy's response was quick and he said he wanted to live with her rather then his father. He went on to say that he could quit school and get a job. This got a very angry reaction out of his mother who immediately protested and said that she would get a job adding: 

"I'm not exactly over the hill you know!" She smiled at the camera as if she was looking at her son, the camera caught a part of her partly nude breasts and almost bare nipples. Her robe was parted and she could see that her son noticed this. He responded. 

"Mmmm you're telling me. I got the best looking mom in town." 

"Well thank you sonny boy." She answered him by tying up her robe with a smile on her face. 

My mom decided to interrupt. 

"Oh my God they're not going to do it, are they" 

"Mom you said not to tell you what happens...I mean I could tell you if you really wanted to know..." 

"No no don' tell me." I could see that mom was very interested in the movie. 

About an hour into the film my cock felt like it was about to burst. One touch on the tip of my cockhead would have resulted in an orgasm. 

Kay parker eventually goes out to look for a job. She finds work with some man and goes on a date with him. She has a fun time with him until he gets a little rough with her so she dumps him. She is then invited to go to some kind of a party, which she didn't know was a group sex kind of party. She walks around and notices people having sex. The camera starts shooting numerous people doing nasty things, women blowing men just before they enter other women, women kissing and going down on each other. 

In one scene a man is having sex with this girl and he pulls out just before he starts to shoot his sperm and he finishes on her pussy and her tummy. He then inserts his penis back inside of her, his cockhead still dripping a mixture of semen and precum.  

"See this is wrong right here, Rick you know not to ever do this right" My mom looked at me with concern. 

I just nodded. "I know mom." 

"And you must always use a condom let alone do what that man just did. See that's how a woman gets pregnant very easily. It doesn't matter that he pulled out and came outside of her there's still a risk of her getting pregnant even though it isn't that much sperm." 

"Don't worry mom we learned this in health class."  

"Who taught you this by the way?"

"Mrs. Kitchener"

"Oh that slut,"

"I like Mrs. Kitchener mom, she's really cool." 

"Cool what is it that you like about her? You probably like the skimpy outfits she wears...which I think is totally inappropriate to wear in school." 

If we were about to have this conversation I didn't want to let the movie keep rolling. I really wanted mom to see the mom son sex scene. I turned around and noticed that the movie had already made it up to that scene. 

"Should I `pause' the movie mom?" 

"No don't pause." 

We both turned around to look at the TV screen. Kay parker was inside of her son's room and she was now holding his semi hard cock debating in her head weather to go trough with what she ached to do, or to leave. She eventually put his cockhead in her mouth and started to blow him which woke the boy up. He just grunted as he said. "Ohhhh mom" 

And he put his fingers trough her hair. Mom's eyes sparked with fire as she watched the mother take her top off and expose her breasts to her son who immediately started groping them. A few minutes later the mother positioned herself over her son's cock and impaled her twat on his rock hard pole. They started to make out passionately as she rode his cock. 

Mom looked at me again. 

"Well I can't let you have sex with me Rick, but I guess we could play around a little bit." 

My cock was about to burst out of my pants. 

"What do you mean, play around" 

Mom tapped the spot right next to her and said. 

"Come closer to mom...common don't be scared." I hesitated a little bit because I never actually thought anything would ever happen. I scooted close to her and lied right next to her as she threw her arm over me and started to run her fingers trough my hair. We kept watching the movie. By this time the mom was on her back and her son was fucking her missionary style. She began to yell. 

"Oh god I'm cumming." I could feel my mom's heart beating because my ear was right on her breasts. She told me to look up at her and took hold of my chin with her left hand, because I was positioned on her right side and her right arm was over my shoulders and caressing my hair lovingly. 

She pulled my chin closer to her's and told me to lick my lips just after she wet her own lips with her tongue. I could feel her breath on my wet lips and it smelled so sweet. It had a minty fresh feel to it. I could also smell her freshly showered skin. Mom had no make up on but she still looked stunning even up close. 

"Have you ever kissed a girl?" 

"Yes mom, only a couple of times." 

"I mean like that...." She planted her wet lips on mine and I could feel her tongue attempting to part my shivering wet lips. I was so nervous that I was starting to lose my hardon. It was simply way to much contact then what I could handle at the time.   

After a few seconds I opened up my mouth and met my mom's wet tongue which started to twirl around in my mouth. I chased her tongue with mine and kept my mouth completely open, it was almost like one of those porno kisses from the movies I've seen and jerked off to. We went on for a little while and then mom stopped. 

"That wasn't bad but we need to make it more sensual and a little bit more wet then that so just follow my lead." 

My mom licked her lips once again and I did the same. She parted them slightly and licked my chin with her tongue trapping my lower lip with both of her lips and licking them a little bit. She did this in a very slow motion leaving a trail of saliva on my chin and lower lip. She then proceeded to guide me with very smooth french kiss as I opened my mouth and we did a real nice genuine wet french kiss parting lips and closing them our tongues having much more traction then earlier. Our mouths clicked rather loudly as the mixture of saliva made a wet sticky sound. 

"Do you wanna see mommy's boobs?" 

"Sure mom but can I get to have sex with you also" 

She started to take off her top and unclasping her bra as she spoke. 

"I don't think so darling you're too young for that and I could get pregnant." 

"But mom why don't we use a condom I can go grab one of dad's" 

She was persistent. "It's still to dangerous a condom could slip off or maybe pop and I can't risk it with you." 

"Please let me have sex with you" 

"Ok I got an idea. I'll let you have sex with me but not in my vagina." 

"Ok but where then" 

"Well you can stick it in my butthole, I'm sure it feels just as good as mommy's vagina." 

"But mom you won't feel as good...will you" 

"This is not about me baby don't worry I'll figure out a way how to have fun too okay" She smiled as she kissed me on the lips once more. I just nodded humming "Mmm-hmmm" as I responded to her tongue intrusion. 

"Okay now grab the condom out of the drawer behind you." 

"I still have to wear a condom mom" 

"Yes and that's not debatable. A butt can be very dirty back there. You don't wanna get some...ummm how should I say this, mud on your helmet....is that how it's referred to nowadays" I just nodded disappointingly. 

"Or we could just not do it at all, if you're going to be such a crybaby. How's that" 

"No no mom I'm ok, let's do it I'm more then grateful." I reached back into the drawer and pulled out a trojan. I immediately tore up the package with my teeth. 

"Careful honey, you might break the condom." 

I took the condom out and handed it to mom. 

"Ok now take your boxers off and your shirt please." She sounded authoritarian. She sat up and prepared the condom for my rock hard penis, that's what it was supposed to be anyway but it was anything but. My cock had gotten completely limp because of my nervousness. When my mom saw my little soft cock she almost giggled. 

"What's wrong, are you nervous?" 

"I don't know mom since we were kissing it kind of shrunk I guess." 

"Well maybe this will help." She got up and stood next to the bed. She pulled the straps off her shoulders completely exposing her tits. She also slid her black laced panties down her strong shapely legs. It was definitely having an effect on me once her thick bush came into view. My mom had a really nice bush down there. She sat back down on the bed and told me to kneel in front of her. 

She pulled my foreskin back on my semi hard pole and gave my head a lick with her tongue. Then she started to jack me off while smiling at me from below. She took my cockhead and rubbed it up against her hard nipples switching from one nipple to the next. This definitely did it for me as I was rock hard now. She took some saliva from her mouth with her finger and lubed up the inside of the condom which made it slide on my cock easily. I could tell she wasn't really impressed with my cock which was at around five inches. 

"Ok scoot back down a little bit." She said as she lay on her back and spread her legs. She had a lot of hair on her pussy but you could tell she trimmed it every once in a while. Her asshole was also quite hairy. She reached down to her ass and spread her asscheeks real wide for my pulsating red cock. I positioned myself in between her legs and rubbed my cockhead close to her pussy. 

"Ahh not so close, you're aiming for the hole under it." She then took my cock and pulled it toward the right hole. 

"Right there." 

I could feel her asshole with my cockhead and how tight it was. I started to push forward hard and it finally popped inside of her butthole. 

"Ohh go slowly I've got a really tight butt baby." She said as she adjusted her body to the new object now pulsating in her hole. 

I started to push deeper and deeper until I could no longer push. There was plenty more room farther down but I had run out of penis. I pulled out and started to assfuck my mom slowly. She took hold of my hand and crisscrossed her fingers with mine pulling me closer to her mouth. I wasn't really quite as tall as her at the time so I had a hard time reaching her wet mouth. What I had to do was push my cock deep in her asshole to reach her mouth and then break the kiss when pulling out. I looked down to see mom playing with her pussy as I my head rested on her naked breasts. I started to pound away a little bit faster but It was a mistake. Within seconds I started to come filling up the condom with my seed. My body quivered with ecstacy and my mom just hugged me closely putting my head on her right shoulder. 

"It's okay baby let it all out let it all out." She said as she tapped me on the back as I shook and buckled in her arms. She stopped playing with herself and just sat there waiting for me to calm down. A few moments after my dick lost its hardness it slipped out of her. She told me to go to the bathroom and flush the condom away in the toilet, and to also take a quick shower. 

By the time I was done and came out of the shower, I noticed mom was gone. I went up the stairs to the first floor and she wasn't there either. I proceeded farther up the stairs to the second floor to check if she was in my parent's bedroom, she wasn't there either. All I heard was my dad snoring really loud as he was sound asleep. I walked father down to my brother's room. I could suddenly hear two people breathing. The door had been slightly open and the light was also on. I peeked in to see something that very much disappointed me and made me very sad. 

The sight I saw was my mom on her back, her legs spread in the air, and my brother's balls slapping quickly back and forth against her mature asshole as he fucked her missionary style pumping away inside of her pussy. I could hear the mattress springs creaking and the two of them trying to hold back their ecstasy. I wondered how my mom wasn't worried about dad catching them, or even me catching them. I guess she was just too horny to worry about that at the time. She looked to her left and caught me staring at her but she didn't do much. The look of ecstasy on her face told me she didn't want to disrupt her fun just because I was there staring at her. She looked at me for a few seconds, her eyes almost teary from pleasure and then she just threw her head back she seemed as though she was about to come.

I pinched myself in disbelief trying to snap out of this reality. My penis had been inside of my mother's rectum 10 minutes ago and now my brother's was in her vagina. I had trouble believing she let him in there with out a condom and I had to wear a condom in her butt. I thought about how I would confront her about this the next day.
