THE MEASURE OF MAN

An Epic by Gil Gamesh

Chapter Thirteen

As for you, Gilgamesh, fill your belly with good things; day and night, night and day, dance and be merry, feast and rejoice. Let your clothes be fresh, bathe yourself in water, cherish the little child that holds your hand, and make your wife happy in your embrace; for this too is the measure of man.

<><><>

CAST OF CHARACTERS:
Kieran Stuart, 35 in story, 20 in flashback; Siobhan Stuart, 34 in story; Kavan Stuart, 8; Arial Stuart, 7; Kerry Stuart, 3

Reverend and Mrs. Steve Willingham, about 45 in flashback; Susan Willingham, 20 in flashback; Steve Willingham, Jr., 18 in flashback

TELLING THE STORY:
Kieran Stuart, Siobhan Stuart

<><><>

(KIERAN)

We moved into our new house in August, just in time for Kavan and Arial to start to school. We had been looking for about a year for a house similar to my parents home but newer and a little larger.

The house we found was in a new area of growth, north of the city, on the ridgeline of an elongated hill that was an extension of the mountains farther north. The road ran along the top of the hill and the slopes on each side limited development. The houses were all on unique lots, each suited to the hilltop, and were usually some distance apart.

The house was an almost-new sprawling ranch, with three bedrooms and two and one-half baths. From the front, it appeared to be a single story and to have a one-car garage. Huge old hardwood trees were scattered across the front and the lot was lovingly landscaped. From the back of the house, it looked like a two-story house with a deck extending out from the top floor.

Two features convinced us to buy the house: it had a full basement with a two-car garage accessible from the rear and it had a good-sized pool in the back yard. I could see only two changes I wanted to have made. I wanted to enclose part of the basement area someday for another bedroom, for Kavan and Kerry, like the one my father had made for Alan and me. And I wanted to have the deck outside the family room covered and screened. With those changes, the place would be perfect for us.

We had almost perfect weather for months after we moved, first a long dry Indian-summer period, a couple of cold fronts, and then gradually cooling days and nights. Our first frost was late and at the end of October, the hardwood trees on the hill still had not dropped all of their leaves. The surprise came on a Friday, November 2. The years first bad storm system came up from the south, collided with a cold front from the northwest, and we woke up to a heavy snowfall, the earliest on record.

Everything was covered in about six inches of snow. I turned on the television and learned that the local schools were closed. The forecast was for continued snow for the rest of the day, with accumulations of almost a foot. I knew there was no way I could go to work. I called in anyway and learned that the company would be closed until Monday. I was glad to have the unexpected day off. The previous owners of the house had left something in the basement. I knew what we were going to do.

We watched as the snow continued to fall heavily all morning. Just before noon it began to taper off and then, shortly after lunch, occasional patches of blue sky peeked through the broken clouds.  Siobhan and I bundled ourselves and the kids up and went for a walk in the snow. Neighbors and their kids all along the street were out too and we had a couple of brief snowball fights before we moved on. We went up the street to the crest of the hill, where huge boulders had so far prohibited construction. We could see for miles and it was a real winter wonderland.

The driveway beside our house sloped down gently and curved around to the basement garage. I knew it would be perfect. We went back home, warmed up a little, and then I took Siobhan and the kids down in the basement and showed them the sleds. There were four sleds hanging on the wall. They were simple round concave dishes about three feet across with two handles. Kavan and Arial started begging to go sledding; Kerry begged too even though he probably didnt know what his brother and sister were excited about.

The kids loved sledding down the driveway but all too quickly they decided it was too easy. When some of the neighborhood kids started sledding down the street from the crest to the flat area in front of our house, we all joined them.

A couple of hours later, I reluctantly decided to call it a day. I carried Kerry and helped drag Arial and Kavan, on sleds, to the house. We were all cold, wet, and exhausted but wonderfully alive and happy. I decided it was time to see if all five of us could fit in our Jacuzzi. This was the first place we had lived that had a Jacuzzi. Siobhan and I used it at least once a week. We frequently put all three kids in it to play and to bathe. We had never shared it with them before.

We went in the house through the basement and up the stairs to the kitchen. Siobhan told us all to strip and throw our wet clothes in a hamper in the laundry room. I stripped Kerry and let Kavan and Arial take their clothes off. Siobhan and I raced to see who could get naked first. She won and led the parade to our bathroom. I turned on the water and felt an urge to pee when the tub stated filling.

I had learned never to start on a trip without telling the kids to go pee. I wasnt about to get in the tub with them without telling them the same thing. Arial didnt need a second invitation. She sat on the throne and tinkled. I looked at Kerry but he was trying to crawl in the tub. 

Kerry, its your turn. Youve got to pee before you get in the tub.

Dont have to.

Kavan lifted the seat, held his little sprout with both hands, pulled his foreskin back, and proceeded to noisily foam up the water in the bowl.

Kerry, are you sure. Kavan and Arial had to pee.

Dont have to.

Siobhan took her turn and sat there watching me trying to coax Kerry. I didnt believe him but I wasnt going to argue with a tired little boy.

I took my turn and Kerry watched while I foamed up the water in the bowl again. I waited to see if it triggered any response in him but he just watched with no indication of having to go.

Siobhan tested the water and decided it was OK. She stepped in, sat down, and held out her arms for Kerry. I picked him up and handed him over to her. Kavan and Arial were in the tub in a flash. I stepped in and sat down in the end of the tub opposite Siobhan.

I gotta pee, Kerry said.

I shook my head, more than a little irritated by Kerrys behavior. I got out of the tub, picked him up, a little rougher than I should, and sat him down on the pot. He knew I was mad at him. He started crying.

I was a little angry but I didnt want to hurt him. I squatted down in front of him and did what I usually do when he cries: I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him to me. That was a mistake. I felt a hot stream against my stomach. Oh, shit. I just held him until he was through peeing. I handed him back to Siobhan, threw a towel over the puddle, and got in the shower. A few minutes later I was back in the tub.

We were all warm and relaxed and wrinkled-fingered when we got out. I dried Kerry while Kavan and Arial dried most of themselves. When the kids left the bathroom, Siobhan helped me get dry. From the way she lingered with my dick and balls, I felt she was inviting me to share something with her later tonight.

When we left the bathroom, Kerry was in the middle of our king-size bed. He had pushed the comforter down and was covered up to his chest. Kavan and Arial were sitting on the side of the bed. From the expression on their faces, I knew what they wanted. 

I pulled the comforter and blanket down and Arial crawled in next to Kerry. I knew it was my turn next. After I stretched out in the bed, Kavan crawled in on the outside. Siobhan stood watching - shed seen this before  and got in next to Kerry. I lifted my arms and Arial snuggled up to me on one side. Kavan did the same on the other side. I pulled them close to me, Arials head on my left shoulder, her leg over mine, Kavans head on my right shoulder, his leg over mine. I had two hands on two smooth little butts. I took a couple of deep breaths and relaxed. I looked over at Siobhan and she was holding Kerry exactly where he wanted to be, his head up against her breasts. 

They were all asleep within a few minutes. I was sleepy too but I didnt want to sleep and miss out on holding them. I gave Siobhan a smile and we whispered back forth for almost an hour. Kavan woke up first and rolled out of the bed. Arial sat up and that awakened Kerry. I knew it was time to feed some hungry kids.

The house was a little cool so I grabbed some sweats and socks and sent the kids for theirs. Siobhan and I had a moment to ourselves.

Thank you for being sweet to Kerry, she said.

I almost let my temper show. I dont feel like I was sweet to him.

You were. Kavan peed on your head when he was about eight months. Arial got you when she was about a year old. I guess you thought you were going to escape baptism by Kerry.

I couldnt help but smile at the memories. Kavan had peed up and over and down on my head. Siobhan had had a hard day with him and I had got up to change his diaper when he cried in the middle of the night. I had taken the wet one off and then reached for a dry one. When I turned back, I thought it was raining on my head. Arial had got me when I was sitting on the edge of the bathtub and picked her up under the arms, about to put her in the tub. I couldnt resist hugging her first. Maybe I squeezed too hard.

Hes such a wonderful little boy, I said. Maybe he really is our miracle. I feel bad whenever I get peeved at him but hes a pain sometimes.

Ill give you a reward tonight.

I brightened at that. I didnt even ask what it was. I just smiled and we finished putting on our socks.

I checked the weather report after we ate and got the bad news  or maybe it was good  that the forecast was for another bout of rain or snow and that it probably would be freezing rain. I didnt mind so much. A day home with the kids in a nice warm house would be a treat. I was thankful we had underground utilities. Wed never lost power yet.

We got in a wrestling match in the family room. The kids tried to pin me and I think I let them. I got my revenge. I hadnt shaved since I didnt have to go to work. I used my whiskers and gave Arial a frowzel on her stomach. Kavan got it in his ribs on both sides. I even pulled Kerrys sweats down and frowzeled his butt. I finally decided Id try to quiet them down when it was close to nine oclock.

How about we stop and read a while? Have you read all the new books we gave you?

Arial and I are reading the new book about sex, Kavan said. Most of its about the same as the others but the drawings and pictures help us figure it out. Theres one drawing we cant understand.

 I asked him to bring it to me and I would explain it. It turned out to be a cut-away drawing of a man and woman having intercourse, showing their bodies from waist to mid-thigh, with the mans penis in the womans vagina. Theyd read about it before but never seen a depiction. I tried to explain it and I guess they understood.

 Kavan surprised me. Sometime when you and Mom do it, maybe you could show us, Dad.

I had to think on that one. Id been teaching them never to be ashamed of anything about sex. But they were both still a few years from puberty. I didnt know whether we could or not. I looked at Siobhan.

She had a big smile on her face. Youre the one who wanted to teach them about sex when they started asking questions. Didnt think youd be asked to demonstrate, did you?

Maybe well do that someday, Kavan. I dont think youre quite old enough yet. Now lets read a while before you go to bed.

I read a Dr. Seuss book to Kerry. I had been playing a game with him for months with the book. I would read some of the story and then stop with my finger on a certain word. Most of the time now, Kerry would say the word. I didnt really know whether he was reading it or whether he had the story memorized.

<><><>

Siobhan gave me my reward as soon as we went to bed. It was a new variation of something old. The thermostat was set to drop down ten degrees at ten oclock and she wanted to do it under the covers so shed stay warm. Warm? Damn, she was hot. 

She made me get up on my hands and knees, legs spread, making a nice warm tent out of the blanket and comforter. I tried to get her to get on top but shed decided what she wanted to do. She moved down almost to the foot of the bed and then made me straddle her head. I heard her say something I couldnt understand.

What?

I said, dont you dare try to shove it down my throat. Ill rip your balls off if you do.

That was all she said. She had a mouthful. I shut my eyes and surrendered. I wondered if this was the way a cow felt when it was hooked up to a milking machine. I was glad she wasnt set for a gallon or more. 

I spread her legs and let my tongue do the licking.

Afterwards we spooned up together in our favorite sleeping positions and talked about the kids and what we were going to do with them on Saturday. I was actually looking forward to being imprisoned with them for a day or two. I was tired but about ready for sleep. Siobhan wasnt.

<><><>

(SIOBHAN)

"Tell me about your first real love affair," I coaxed. "What was she like; what did you feel for her?

"I'm not sure whether my first real affair was love or lust. To this day, I don't really know what she felt for me or what I felt for her."

"What do you mean?"

"It started the fall of my junior year in college. Susan was in two of my classes. She was probably the most intelligent student in either class. She seemed driven to make perfect grades. When my grades were almost as good as hers, she sought me out and suggested we work together.

<><><>

(KIERAN)

I didn't know what to say when she first spoke to me.

I had noticed her more than once, even watched her in class. She was tall and thin, always better dressed than the typical student, always in a dress or blouse and skirt. Her clothes seemed to hide her and I couldnt tell what her breasts were like. From what little I had seen, her legs were perfectly shaped. Her hair was long and straight, usually pulled back with a clasp or held in a ponytail. Her neck was long. Her skin was as flawless and clear as porcelain. In profile, her face was sculptured perfection.

I suppose I was puzzled at my own reaction to her. When I sat quietly and looked at other girls, I could usually find some feature to turn me on. One girl I saw frequently had a marvelous ass:  heart-shaped, if you turned the heart upside down. She had a small waist and full firm hips. I could get an erection just from watching her walk past me.

But Susan was a puzzle. In spite of her beauty, she projected an apparent coldness, a seeming lack of sexuality. I tried to find something about her to evoke the usual response in my crotch. Perhaps it was the challenge that kept me looking at her.

We found we had the same mid-morning hours free three days of the week and we began to meet in the student center. We soon established a routine. The first one to arrive got coffee for both of us and found an empty table. We usually worked on our assignments until our class, in the hour just before noon.

I soon learned that she was a local girl, still living at home. I tried to learn about her family but she was reluctant to talk about her parents. I did learn that her father was a minister in a fundamentalist Protestant church and that they were rather strict in their expectations of her. I also learned that she had a brother, Steve, a couple of years younger than her, in his last year of high school. When I finally met him, I was surprised to find that he looked enough like her to be her twin.

Our first date was an early movie, a wild adventure film. At one point, when the hero was again about to lose his life, she grabbed my arm and I put my hand in hers. It was the first time we had touched in any environment that wasn't academic. Her fingers laced through mine and held on. When I moved my leg against hers and lowered my hand so that her hand, still in mine, rested on my leg, she leaned closer to me. Just the touch of her hand on my leg, only inches from my crotch, brought my cock to a swift erection. I tried to will her to take her hand out of mine, to move it a few inches, but instead, I must have pulled her hand toward my goal. She looked first toward my face, a questioning look on hers, and then toward my crotch. I saw a brief flicker of a smile on her face and then she pulled her hand away. Even in the half-dark theater, I felt sure she could see my face shining red with embarrassment.

Since she had an eight o'clock class the next day, I took her home early, just barely after dark. She walked me through the house, just long enough to introduce me to her mother and father, and out the back door. A huge oak tree covered one corner of the yard and a swing, large enough for two, hung from one of the branches.

We sat quietly, swinging, and finally I took her hand in mine again. I tried to guess what she expected of me. With her parents in the house, I was about to conclude that I would have to settle for a chaste goodnight kiss.

As if she had read my thoughts, she stood up and led me behind the tree, so that it sheltered us from the house.

"If you don't kiss me, I'll kill you," she whispered.

I pulled her against me, my arms around her waist, for a quick touch of my lips against hers. Instead she put her hands behind my head and held me, refusing to let me go. Her lips opened and then mine opened to hers, and I felt her tongue teasing mine. The sensation sent an instant message to my groin and I pulled her against me. She seemed to melt against me and her hands slid down, cupping my buttocks, pulling me even harder against her.

I pulled away for a moment and looked at her. Her eyes were wide open, looking into mine, sending an unmistakable signal.

I kissed her again, holding her until we were both out of breath. I was beginning to get an erection and I knew she could feel it. Her hands were still cupped around me and she was almost grinding her pelvis against mine. I decided to see how far she would go. 

I undid the top button on her blouse and put my mouth on the soft flesh where her neck joined her shoulder. At the same time, I reached for one of her hands and pulled it around, between us, rubbing it against my cock. I had worn loose pants, with boxer shorts underneath, and my cock had room to grow. It was a full as it could get while still being held at a downward angle. She pulled away when I turned her hand loose. 

I decided to press the attack a little more, knowing full well that I was courting disaster, letting my desire take control when we were so close to her house and her parents. I pulled her blouse out of her skirt and reached up behind her back to unhook her bra. She made no protest and, when I slid both hands up in front, to her breasts, she stood frozen, eyes closed. Her breasts were small and firm, barely filling my palms. The nipples were hard and erect. I held her breasts and began kissing her again. She was breathing deeply now.

When I stooped down, she pulled my face against her. I pulled up her blouse and sought out one breast with my mouth and sucked on the nipple. I was amazed at the size and firmness of her nipple. With her small breasts, I would have expected her to have small virginal nipples. But hers were large enough to give any baby, or any lover, something to suck on.

When I straightened up again, to kiss her again, I brought one hand up between her legs, pulling her skirt up. She spread her legs slightly to let me cup my hand over her mound, with my fingers spread back between her legs.

With my other hand, I pulled down my zipper and pulled out my cock, intending to see if I could get her to hold it. She needed no cajoling. She sought it out and wrapped her hand around it. I could feel it growing to full size while she held it. She seemed to be gasping against my mouth. She slid her hand down to the head of my cock and then slowly, squeezing it each time, moved it by stages back down toward the base. She even slid her hand inside my fly and sought out my balls, holding them in her hand for a moment.

I could feel the heat and moisture seeping out through the thin fabric of her panties. She was moving against my hand, asking me to touch her.

I pushed the fabric to one side and slid one finger between the moist lips. When I found the opening to her, I wondered if she was still a virgin. She was slick, soaked with her own secretions, but still tight, so tight that I could feel her recoil slightly when my finger tried to gain entrance into her. I knew that desire could open her when nothing else could, so I began to stroke her, sliding a finger into the tight opening and then transferring the lubrication upward around her clitoris. When I touched it, she pushed against me. She was holding on to my cock for dear life now, almost causing me pain.

I took my hand away momentarily and then slid it down, palm against the smooth skin of her stomach, into her panties. With my middle finger, I stroked her again and again, wanting to give her as much pleasure as possible, knowing full well that my own satisfaction, when and if it came, would be even greater with her complete acquiescence. I pressed my hand against her, my finger sliding against her clitoris, the tip just inside her vagina, stroking, pressing, willing her to come. And she did. I felt a series of contractions on my fingertip and felt her body stiffen against mine. When I stuck my tongue in her mouth, she sucked on it with a passion I would never have believed an hour earlier. Her hand had such a grip on my cock that it was almost painful.

And at that instant, a light at the back of the house came on. When her mother came out a minute or so later, looking for us, we were sitting in the swing, our clothes back in place, trying to look as innocent as possible. She invited us to come in, asking if we wanted some apple pie she had baked that afternoon. I had to wait a few more minutes, desperately trying to will an erection away, until we could get up from the swing.

<><><>

A few days later we were studying together when she brought up the subject.

"I've never done anything like that before," Susan whispered. I knew instantly what she was talking about.

"How do you feel about it?" I asked.

"I never thought I could get so hot and want something so much. I don't know what to think."

"What you felt is the same thing I felt. It's perfectly normal for both of us to feel that way."

"Have you ever," she hesitated, "made love with a woman?"

"Yes, I had a wonderful woman to teach me how to make love - before I was sixteen."

"I've never done it before."

"You still haven't done that much. You've had my cock in your hand. I've had the tip of one finger in you. And you had an orgasm."

"I wanted more than your finger in me."  I could see that she was blushing. "I've never talked about anything like this with a man before."

"I'm not going to force you into anything you don't want, you know. I'm not going to push you or seduce you. I'm willing to wait to see what develops. If you make up your mind you're ready, I'm sure you'll find ways to let me know."

She looked down at the table. "I'm still a virgin, you know."

"Are you afraid of me?  Of what you must do to lose your virginity?"

She didn't answer.

"Don't be. I promise you, if I'm the first man to make love to you, you'll be ready. You'll want it more than you've ever wanted anything in your life. When it's done, you'll know how right it is - as I did one afternoon. It's as if youd wondered all your life about something and suddenly you know exactly what the answer is and it's miraculous."

"I've been thinking about going to a doctor, to get a prescription for the pill."

"Therere other means of birth control. If we make love, I'll make sure one of us is doing something to keep you from getting pregnant.

"When I held your penis in my hand the other night, it was so hot and so hard. I wanted it in me so bad my stomach ached. I wanted to feel it in me, your flesh inside mine, with nothing between us. I'd hate to have to make love with those rubber things on you."

"I've used them a few times. It's not as good for me. I don't know how it is for a woman.

"How many different women have you made love with?"

"Very few. There was the older woman, just before I was sixteen. She taught me a lifetime of learning in one afternoon. Thereve been a few others since then, a few times with each."

"If I go on the pill, would you teach me gradually, without going all the way until I'm sure it's safe?"

"What do you want me to teach you?  Let your feeling be your guide. You already know everything you need to learn.

"When you made me come the other night, I wanted to do the same thing to you. I wanted to see you. I've heard enough shower-room gossip from the girls. I want to use my hand on you to make you come. I know boys do that to themselves. Can you show me how?

"Sure. That would be my pleasure."

"We can do that to each other, can't we? There's no danger in that. And I've heard of other things men and women do to each other without any danger of getting pregnant."

I smiled. "Are you hinting at oral sex?"

"Have you ever done it?"

"Yes, I've done it to a woman. And I've had a woman do it to me. It's one of the best things in sex, next to..." I waited until she was looking at me. "...Fucking."

She quickly picked up her books. "Come on. We'll be late for class."

<><><>

A few days later, we went for a walk in the neighborhood near her house, just as the last of the twilight was fading. Her father's church, when we came near, was dark, with huge hardwood trees looming over the old building.

We had been walking apart, hardly touching, not even holding hands, to try to give anyone who might be watching the impression that we were nothing more than friends. Just as we turned the corner near the side of the church, she caught my hand and pulled me behind the shrubs, into a dark area with steps leading down into a basement door.

"Be quiet. There shouldn't be anybody in the church or there would be lights on. This door is kept locked but I borrowed the key."

She led me carefully down the steps toward the door, and then fumbled with the key, trying to find the lock. After a moment, she succeeded, and the door swung open into darkness.

"Hold my hand and be careful. I know my way in the dark and if you walk behind me, you shouldn't bump anything."

She led me through one basement room, into a hallway, and then into another room. I stood still, unable to see anything, and she shut the door. I could hear her sliding a bolt home and I guessed that we were in some room that could be secured from the inside.

I waited, wondering what she had in mind. A few feet away from me I could hear her moving, the rustle of cloth, the shuffle of feet.

When she found me with her outstretched hand, I reached out to hold her. She was nude. I ran one hand over her shoulder, down her side, to her hip. I held my breath and brought my other hand forward, toward her stomach, and felt the soft down of her pubic hair. I slid it upward and found her bare breasts, the nipples already erect against my palm.

She began to unbutton my shirt and I let her strip it off me. As usual, I wore jeans without a belt. Almost as one motion, she unzipped them, pulled the fly apart, and pushed them down over my hips. I kicked my sneakers off and she bent over to pull my jeans off each leg. I still had on my briefs.

Her hands sought out my crotch, cupping my testicles, feeling for my cock. I could feel it swell even larger at her touch, straining against the fabric, wanting to be released to come to full erection.

"I see my brother, Steve, like this sometimes," she whispered in the darkness. "My parents would probably think we're committing a horrible sin but we tease each other. Sometimes he wears briefs that are as skimpy as any of mine. When there's nobody else home, he'll take a bath and come out of the bathroom with nothing else on, down the hall and even into my room. I've been tempted more than once to pull them down, to see what he has in there that makes such a bulge. Does that shock you?"

Her hands continued to stroke me through the fabric of my briefs.

"Why do you think he acts like that?"

"I think he's as confused as I am. Our father is always preaching in the church about the sins of the flesh. He's said more than once we'd be damned to hell if we do it before we're married. Steve's named after him. He may carry the same name as our father but he doesn't feel the same way about religion. We've talked about sex a little and neither of us feels it's a sin to want to have sex."

"Tell me what you do to tease him."

"I went in his bedroom once, after a bath, with only a towel on. I pretended I had an eyelash in my eye and asked him to get it out. When he was only inches away, trying to see if there was something in my eye, I dropped the towel. I picked it up immediately but not before he got a very good look at me. I leave my door slightly open when I'm dressing, knowing me can see in from his room."

"I think you're both playing a dangerous game, I whispered.

"Do you have any brothers or sisters?" she asked.

"I have one of each. Alan is five years older than I am. Kara is three years older than me."

"Does Alan have one, you know, like yours?"

"Sure, he does. All guys do."  I knew what she was getting at but I pretended to be dumb.

"I mean, does he have one as big as yours?"

"It looks about the same to me. When we were growing up, we shared the same bedroom; I saw it almost every day. I've seen him with a hard-on too and I don't think we're that different. He's more like our father then I am, with more hair on his chest and stomach and its darker than mine is. I'm more like our mother, more fair and blond."

"Have you ever seen your sister, when she was naked?" she asked.

"Not really, at least not since she was a little kid. Our parents have always been very casual about nudity. Kara became more bashful when she turned into a woman."

"There's a shelf near the door with candles and matches on it," she said. "See if you can find one and light it."

I inched my way toward the door, hands outstretched, feeling for the shelf. I found the door, the shelf beside it, and the candles. Finally I found the box of matches and used one to light a candle. When the room filled with the soft light, I turned toward her.

She was tall and thin, rounded in the hips but still slim and boyish. Her breasts were only slight mounds, as though she was still developing. Only the large nipples gave away her maturity. Her small thatch of pubic hair was light brown.

The room we were in contained a large couch and a few folding chairs, with little else.

"Where are we?" I asked.

"It's a basement room with no windows. It's used mainly for weddings. This is where the bride usually prepares for the wedding ceremony."

I walked back to her. I knelt in front of the couch, dripped a small amount of wax onto the floor, and stuck the candle in it. When I stood up, she held out her arms for me.

She met me with an open-mouthed, hungry kiss that seemed to go on and on. I let my hands roam all over her back and then cupped them around her bare buttocks, pulling her against me. I had not taken off my briefs, waiting to see what she would do. After I had seen her eagerness in taking off my shirt and pants, the way she looked at me almost nude, I wanted her to have the pleasure of taking off the one last thing that hid from her what I knew she wanted.

At length, she pushed me away from her and turned me so that the candle lighted the front of my body. She looked down at my crotch and I waited, my heart pounding, my mouth open, to see what she would do.

She turned her hands, palms toward my stomach, fingers extended downward, and began to slide them into the elastic of my briefs. When her fingertips touched the base of my cock, I thought I would come within seconds. When she reached farther, holding my cock in her hands, her fingers curled around under my balls, I held my breath, waiting.

She knelt on one knee and slowly pulled my shorts down, her eyes eagerly fastened on my cock, watching it appear. When the head was free, it sprang out toward her face. By the time I stepped out of my briefs, my cock was almost fully distended. She stood and watched as it grew and lifted, first horizontally toward her, and then at a slight upward angle.

"I had never touched a man," she whispered, "before the other night."

"Be honest," I said. "What you mean is that you'd never touched a man's cock before, isn't it?"

"Yes. Can I do what I want to you?  I want to play with you, to make you come, while I watch. Can I do that?"

"Will you let me to the same thing to you later?  To show you that you can enjoy the same things a man enjoys. There isn't much difference in the way we feel about sex, you know."

She led my by the hand to the couch and then pushed me down until I was flat on my back. I moved back, with my head on the arm of the couch, so that I could watch her.

She swung one leg over me and straddled my legs, sitting on my thighs. The candlelight was just enough to let me see through her fine thatch of pubic hair to the open lips within. I could see the small opening there, pink and glistening.

The sight made my cock grow even harder, standing at a stiff angle, moving spasmodically as though it had a will of its own.

She reached forward with one hand, curling it around my cock and sliding it down to retract the foreskin completely, exposing the head to her. She slid her hand down farther to my balls, lifting them and feeling the movement of my testicles in my scrotum. The look on her face told my how fascinated she was with the way a man was made. 

"Show my how to do it," she said.

I wrapped my hand around my cock and stroked it slowly upward, bringing my foreskin forward to cover the head, and then downward, exposing the head again. She watched my slow-motion demonstration and then pushed my hand away, replacing it with hers. At first her movements were as slow as mine had been. I let her have her way, watching first her hand and then her face, as she delighted in watching what she was doing to me.

As always, a drop or two of clear lubrication appeared at the tip of my cock. I had learned long ago that I was a little unusual in that respect. Most men evidently have so little pre-coital lubrication that it never shows. Mine flows constantly when I'm aroused; the head of my cock is almost always wet when I play with it.

She stopped, looking first at the moisture and then at my face, questioning without saying a word.

I took her hand in mine, holding her index finger, and rubbed it first in the mucoid fluid and then over the head of my cock, letting her feel how slick it made the skin, knowing she would realize its purpose. She was fascinated.

She began to stroke me again, squeezing on the upstroke, almost milking me. In a moment, a few more drops appeared. She touched her finger to them and then rubbed two of her fingers together, just a few inches from her face. And then she did something I could hardly believe. She put one finger in her mouth, sucking on it, evidently curious as to how it would taste. Just watching her with her eyes closed, one finger in her mouth, my cock swelled even harder and I knew I was going to come within seconds when she put her hand on me.

"You taste good; its sweet," she whispered.

"When I come, it's not going to be just drops like that," I whispered. "And it's not going to just ooze out. You're going to make a mess on either you or me or both of us, depending on where you've got it pointed."

She smiled and put both hands back on me, one cupping and playing with my balls, the other sliding up and down my cock. In a moment, my breathing became faster. I'm sure she could feel the muscles in my legs and stomach tightening. I closed my eyes, feeling my orgasm building, giving in to it. Her strokes became faster and faster.

At that moment when I reached the point of no return, when I felt the first contraction start the first ejaculatory squirt of semen out of my body, I opened my eyes to watch her. She was holding my cock leaned slightly toward her and the first and second spurts flew the short distance to her chest, both landing almost cleanly in the cleft between her breasts. As she continued to stroke, she moved my cock so that it tilted more toward me. The next couple of spurts lofted upward almost a foot and fell on her hand, the last few sprinkled my stomach from just above my navel down into my pubic hair.

When I could catch my breath, I said, "I warned you."  She was still slowly stroking my cock. I reached down and held her hand still.

She looked curiously at the opalescent semen on her hand and, as before, rubbed it with one finger, curious to see what it was like. I caught her hand and rubbed it in the come on my stomach and then used my fingers to smear the deposit on her chest over her breasts.

"It won't hurt you. If we're not careful, you can get pregnant from it, but outside your body it can't do anybody any harm."

I pulled her down on top of me, feeling her breasts and stomach against mine, my cock imprisoned between our stomachs, our skin almost sticking together with my semen. We must have stayed like that for four or five minutes, drowning in open-mouthed kisses, my cock still half-hard between us, rubbing against each other. I knew she wanted it and I wanted more than anything to bury my cock in her, to leave a deposit so deep inside her she could taste it.

At length, she pulled away to catch her breath. "I've got to get off of you. If I stay here any longer, I'm going to have your cock in me. I want it so bad it hurts."

She held it again in her hand and milked it upward toward the head, bringing out the last few oozing drops of come. And then she did something that I would have never expected her to do without coaxing. She leaned forward, took the head of my cock in her mouth, and sucked on it briefly, exploring it with her lips and tongue.

When she straightened up, she smiled. "You do taste good, you know."

"I don't know. But I do know you amaze me. For someone who knows almost nothing about sex, you're certainly a quick learner."

"Do you mean you don't know what it tastes like?  Aren't you curious about things like that?"

"I guess I just never thought about it."

She moved back over me, bringing her breasts above my face. "It's on my breasts," she whispered. "I want you to lick them clean."

How could any man refuse a request like that?

<><><>

Siobhan interrupted my story. She turned over and kissed me and then pulled back and looked at me strangely.

Kieran, I smell something on your breath. What have you been eating?

Pussy.

I thought it was garlic and anchovies.

You dont taste anything like garlic, maybe a little like anchovies.

Take that back or youre not going to get anything else tonight.

Damn, I take it back. Where are you going?

Ive got to pee. Keep my place warm.


TO BE CONTINUED:
