Everybody liked Suriel, or so it somehow seemed, anyways. He couldn't walk or
fly anywhere without someone -- usually several someones -- stopping him for
conversation, laughing with him about this or that. When someone needed artistic
advice, they turned to Suriel -- although creative expression actually fell
under Uriel's domain, Uriel didn't seem to mind and in fact often stopped by for
advice himself. Everyone recognized the golden-haired beauty as he walked down
the hall -- they'd laugh and gently tease him if he were dressed in his casual
clothing, or console him on his duty if he wore his robes and carried his
scythe. The female teachers even jokingly welcomed him into the ranks of the
angelic mother-figures. Wherever he went, he'd hear "Suriel-sama!
Suriel-sama!" called out in cheerful tones.

"Suriel-sama."

Her voice stopped him, not her words. Sharp, angry, revolted. That was all in
there.

"Can I help you?" he asked, eyes searching. She was clearly a
student, though not one of his -- of course ignoring potential protégés, he
and Azrael didn't actually teach classes, although they did give seminars. Her
face -- plain, framed by soft red hair -- might have gotten lost in the crowd at
one of his seminars.

"Yes, you can," she said, lips pale. "You can tell me why the
Most Holy lets a monster like you teach at the school."

Suriel's mouth opened and he couldn't find any words.

She was continuing. "It's not just what you do. You're the worst because
you can slaughter innocents and then turn and run back home to make love to
Azrael-sama. To laugh in the halls. To make art with a smile on your face. At
least Azrael-sama doesn't pretend to be anything but what he is. You pretend to
be nice... and everybody buys it. I don't. I know the truth." She stopped,
looked him up and down with fierce green eyes, and said, "That is all.
Thank you for your time, baby-killer Suriel-sama."

He was pushed aside as she strode past. Blue eyes wide, hair coming free from
his braid, he stared after her, and couldn't feel his canvas slide from his
grip.

When you have been Depressed once, it is far too easy to get Depressed again.
Not little-d depressed as you find yourself with an extra seminar to teach on a
subject you loathe, but big-D Depressed where darkness opens up in front of you
like a pit and sucks your emotions away before you can even really feel them.

Once, not too much earlier, Suriel had returned home to find Azrael looking
at the paintings he'd hidden.

They were laid out around the harsher Angel of Death -- images of carved
empty chests, of sprays of blood, of blackness, of a child's smile. Azrael had
looked up at Suriel and Suriel hadn't needed to say anything, just threw himself
into his lover's arms and sobbed as though the world were coming to an end.
Azrael had held him, and said nothing.

The next day, Suriel had secluded himself in the Wasteland to rail at God.

Mikael nodded along as Uriel explained his plight in a comedic story about
one of the female angels refusing to teach a class of 'rowdy kids' about angel
sexuality and passing the job to him -- sticking him with an extra seminar and
not enough time to write his speech. Uriel was in the middle of angsting --
loudly and comically, of course, as Suriel slipped in through the door. Uriel
didn't miss a beat in turning to the blond-haired angel.

"Hey, Suriel! I gotta teach a seminar on angelic sexuality... do you
think this is too risqué to start with? '...Many of you might think that
holiness denies sexuality, but this is just not the case. If, after this seminar
is over, you still don't believe me... well, see me alone in my office.' What do
you think?"

"I don't know," Suriel said flatly.

Conversation ceased, and Mikael got his first good look on Suriel that day.
Normally bright cornflower eyes were dim and slightly reddened and there was an
exhaustion that he'd only seen on Suriel's face once.

What on earth could bring Suriel so close to snapping, so quickly? he
wondered.

Azrael rose, brushing long black hair out of his eyes. "Suri. What's
wrong?"

Suriel visibly hesitated -- another bad sign, Mikael noted, unable to stop
himself leaning forward to listen, worried. Finally, Suriel explained.

When he finished, there was a long silence.

"Did you recognize her?" Azrael asked harshly.

Suriel shook his head, heavy braid pendulum-like behind him. "She had
red hair and green eyes and was about so tall--" he held his hand at chest
height, then bit his lip. "But... it doesn't matter. She's entitled to her
opinion."

Azrael growled something uncomplimentary.

"Afriel," Raphael said suddenly. "It must be Afriel."

Mikael's eyes widened, and he shook his head. Afriel was one of his students,
and was a cheerful, affectionate girl who always strove to do well. He couldn't
imagine her being so --

"How do you know that, Raphael?" Uriel asked. "Are you a
detective as well, now?"

Raphael flipped him off. "As you know, all new student profiles cross my
desk at one time or another. There was one for Afriel. G-man marked her off as a
potential trouble-maker." He leaned forward. "She fits the physical
description, and get this: Before she came to the School, she lived with her
human family. This included a little brother, age four. She and her family went
to the beach and she made a sand fort for her brother to play in, then went
swimming..."

"I remember the boy," Suriel said softly. "The sand fell on
him and he suffocated. He had the softest brown hair..."

"This is where it gets interesting," Raphael said. "She saw
you take the child's soul as she came back. I don't know how, but she did. And
she doesn't blame herself or Most Holy for her brother's accident."

Lavender eyes narrowed. "She blames Death. You, Suriel."

Suriel undressed slowly, sliding his vest off his shoulders, playing with his
belt. For ease of movement, he never really wore very much, but at that time, he
took longer to undress than Azrael did.

Large hands brushed Suriel's away from his belt buckle and undid it for him.
As his clothes were swept from him, Suriel shivered in the chill air. Standing
pale and naked, he looked ghostlike, childlike.

Azrael brushed his knuckles along Suriel's left cheek, expression gentle.
"Suri... you okay?"

He didn't trust his voice, and nodded instead, then leaned into the touch,
eyes closing.

And was crushed against Azrael. It was suddenly a lot harder not to cry.
Azrael always knew how sensitive he was to this type of thing.

Hands stroked along his back, up under his wings, curving to tickle the soft
curve of down feathers. Suriel shivered, concentrated on that teasing-sharp
sensation, and slowly the choking feeling of tears faded.

Azrael's hands slid lower again, curving to cup Suriel's rear firmly, pulling
Suriel even more tightly against him. The dark Angel of Death kissed the top of
his lover's head, breath stirring sun-bright hair as his hands continued to
slide over smooth flesh. "Suri..." he breathed again. "Are you
okay?"

"Mmm." Eyes hot, tongue darting out to wet suddenly dry lips,
Suriel ran his hands over Azrael's muscled chest, letting his palms rest so the
hard nubs of Azrael's nipples were centered in them. His breath caught as he
slid his leg up, rubbing his thigh against Azrael's leg. "Yeah."

"Yeah?" Dark hair showered forward as their lips met.

Silence fell, except for the wet almost-sounds as their mouths worked
together, then a sudden soft exhalation as Azrael bodily slung Suriel into his
arms, striding over to the bed.

Another wet almost-silence, soft suckling noises, as Azrael slowly worked his
way down Suriel's stomach with mouth, lips, teeth. And lower.

Golden hair spread around Suriel, and he let his arm rest against his
stomach, let his fingers wind through Azrael's dark, straight locks, unable to
quell the choking rush of love as he watched his lover's head move.

Blue eyes stuttered shut, and he smiled. "Yeah."

Mikael was Concerned.

Azrael had approached him that morning. "Mikael. D'you have a class
today?" he'd asked.

Pouring himself a cup of tea, Mikael had shaken his head. "Not on
Thursdays."

Azrael had grinned, and Mikael had started to worry right then. "That's
perfect," Azrael said, smugly. "See, Suriel and I've been worried
about you for a while. With your ability to get into the Demon Court, I'm
betting that you'll be used for that again. And face it, kid, you have no
fucking idea how to protect yourself."

"That's not true," Mikael had protested weakly, but it was no good,
Azrael was clapping him on the shoulder and grinning.

"Well. Then Suri and I'll see you at five in the barraks arena."

It was five to five now, and Raphael wasn't being encouraging, sitting in the
stands and munching popcorn.

While glaring up at his lover, Mikael saw Azrael slide into the seat beside
Raphael. THAT was a relief! Azrael had been the one to rip Raphael's left wing
off, after all.

Suriel dashed through the side entrance, still fiddling the end of his hair
into an elastic. "Sorry I'm late!" he called.

He was wearing his white leg-baring tunic and looked even skinnier like that,
almost child-gangly, a little angel waif. Mikael couldn't forget him screaming
with grief and fury, throwing Raphael into the cliff face as if the muscular
one-winged angel had weighed nothing.

His feeling of relief vanished.

Suriel smiled apologetically. "I hope this isn't too sudden..."

Mikael shrugged and tried to analyze how Suriel would come at him. "How
do you want to do this?"

"I'll shove you,"

Suriel said, walking towards him. "You try to avoid it." Mikael
nodded, tensing to dodge as Suriel came up to him --

And found himself on his back several feet away and airless.

"Are you okay?!" Suriel was rushing to him.

On his back, Mikael could see the nearby Theology building which overlooked
the barraks. There was a student watching from one of the upper windows,
surrounded by a haze of red hair.

When reviewing his course schedule, Suriel found a seminar penciled in that
he knew he hadn't put there.

"Gabriel!" he protested, slapping hands down on the Administrator's
desk. "I'm BUSY. I mean, you KNOW there's a flu epidemic in Mali right now,
and --"

"My heart bleeds for you," Gabriel murmured, nose still buried in
his paperwork. "Nevertheless, it's a new semester and the students have to
know that the duty we're sometimes called upon to perform ISN'T tasteful."

Suriel tossed his hair, sighing anxiously. "Can't Azrael teach this
one?"

Finally, Gabriel looked up from his work. "Suriel. Would I ask Azrael to
go and receive lost souls of three- or four-year-old children?"

Suriel looked aghast. "Of COURSE not."

Gabriel smiled tersely. "Suriel. Would I ask Azrael to teach a bunch of
lost first-year students about one of the harsh realities of angelic duty?"

He couldn't help pouting. "While I see your point, Gabriel, Azrael has
given seminars on that subject before."

"Yes," Gabriel said. "But not to first-years. I'm SURE you
remember what happened the last time a group of first-years irritated
Azrael?"

"The bruises faded!"

"Suriel!!"

A smart Angel of Death knew when he'd lost. "Yes, Gabriel," he said
meekly. "If you say so, Gabriel. May I please have the list of students who
will be attending?"

Going back to his work, Gabriel slid a piece of paper over. "Here you
are," he muttered, not looking up. "And don't do that thing with your
eyes, Suriel. Their wobbliness will find no sympathy whatsoever."

Mikael finished writing on the board, brushed chalk-white hands, and picked
up his notice paper, glancing over the names there. "Some of you will be
away on Monday, for Suriel's seminar, I see." The class murmured, and he
smiled. "Can I see a show of hands for those who are going or are
interested? There's still a few seats left, so if you tell me now, I can hand in
a revised class list. It should be an interesting seminar."

He paused, writing down a few extra names -- Sophia and Barchiel -- then
smiled at his class brightly. "Class dismissed." And, as they rose,
"Afriel? Can I see you after class, please?"

Afriel waited, taking the extra time to pack her bag. She smiled warmly as
Mikael approached, and he wondered again at the difference between this Afriel
and the one he'd heard about from Suriel, from Raphael.

But, then again, he mused, remembering a time not too long before, there were
few people who were ever JUST what they appeared.

"You wanted to see me, Mikael-sama?" she asked, still smiling,
leaning closer to him.

He nodded, tapping the notice paper to cover up his mild discomfort.
"This paper says you're going to the seminar, but you didn't raise your
hand in class. What's up?" He kept his tone mild.

Watching her face harden was like watching a glass break -- it was one thing,
then it wasn't. "Well, Mikael-sama," she said, "I didn't sign up
for it, and frankly, I don't want to go."

Mikael forced a laugh, trying to act companionable. "Sometimes you find
yourself signed up for something you have no intention of being in, but it's
better to attend anyway." He shrugged, remembering how he'd not chosen to
be in Raphael's class but had been put there anyway. "These things probably
have a bit of divine planning."

"I suppose," Afriel said, voice freezing, "that I have no
choice but to attend, then."

Oooh, boy. "Keep your mind open," Mikael advised.

Afriel nodded shortly, then turned to go. She pushed past Raphael as she
went.

The one-winged angel watched her go, then turned back with a slightly amused,
slightly disturbed expression. "Mikael..."

Mikael sighed, letting his head rest agains the coolness of his desk. "I
know, I know. I do NOT know what to do about her and Suriel."

"That's only part of the problem," Raphael said, slinging himself
up to sit on Mikael's desk. Mikael rolled a little so his cheek rested on
Raphael's hand. His lover stroked Mikael's lip with his thumb. "I saw the
way she was looking at you. Afriel has a 'crush' on you."

The aqua-haired angel's head jerked up as shock lodged itself in his chest.
"You...I..." His throat shut tight, and he thought frantically back on
all the interactions he'd had with her. He couldn't see anything but amiability.
"Raphael-sama!" He snagged the one-winged angel's collar with one hand
and dragged him close. "That wasn't funny!" Mikael wailed, right into
Raphael's face.

Raphael winced. "I wasn't joking," he protested, and Mikael claimed
his lips to try and stop him talking more nonsense.

He could feel Raphael's slack disbelief, then, as expected, an enthusiastic
response that shot right to Mikael's groin. It sometimes seemed unfair that
Raphael had never lost the ability to make his toes CURL like that. Far too
often he used that ability to shut Mikael up.

Well. Mikael smiled against Raphael's lips before continuing his determined
assault. He might not be as experienced as his one-winged lover, but he'd had a
VERY good teacher. And turnabout was fair play.

Mikael cheered inwardly as Raphael pulled back, breathless, and looked at him
with hot eyes before pulling him out of the teachers chair and up onto the desk.
Onto Raphael.

For a moment, the fear of classroom sex rose up, but then he looked at
Raphael, splayed out under him, mouth half open, one hand raised to trace
circles over Mikael's hips.

Oh well, Mikael decided, sucking on Raphael's throat, sometimes you really
did just have to go with the flow.

In one of the upper halls was a corridor which hosted some of Suriel's art.

This in itself was not a rare thing, but these portraits in particular were
memorials. Children's faces, ranging from premature fetuses to young adults.
Some smiled, some laughed, but most gazed down with an unusual seriousness.

More paintings were added on a monthly bases.

He didn't paint all of them, of course, there were too many, but he painted
those he noticed the most.

And, frequently, when he needed to think, just to get away, Suriel would
wander along the hall, looking up at their faces.

There were signs posted on every empty space.

'This is the Truth.'

'Baby-killer.'

'Soul-stealer.'

'Remember the Children!'

And so on.

Suriel reeled, catching himself against the wall, golden hair clouding around
him. Eyes darkened, squeezed shut.

Then opened again.

Slowly, Suriel began to take the signs down.

Mikael looked around the lounge and moved uneasily to pour himself some tea.
"Azrael." The dark-haired Angel of Death was sitting on the couch,
broodingly staring into a cup of something dark that reeked of strong alcohol.
Mikael decided to stay on the other side of the room. "...Where's
Suriel?"

"In his Studio." For a long moment, it didn't look as though he
were going to elabourate. Then, in a sudden flurry of motion, he tossed his
drink back and slammed the glass down. "He won't come out. Get me another
shot, kid? It's the unlabeled blue bottle on the far left."

Somewhat uneasily, Mikael ventured near enough to fetch Azrael's shot glass.
"What ARE... you drinking?"

"Don't ask, or I'll tell you."

A long silence filled the room as Mikael put four fingers in -- looked like
Az needed it, and the Angel of Death could manage it, after all -- and then
Mikael sat across from Azrael, sliding the drink across the table. "Maybe
he just got an idea for a painting and wanted to get it on paper?"

"With that look on his face? Fuck that." Azrael tossed the entire
shot back in one go. "I know my Suri. It's that girl."

It would be, wouldn't it. Mikael sighed, thought of Afriel's transformation
from friendship to anger back in the classroom. "If you want, I'll talk to
R... to the Professor."

Azrael gave him a Glance. "I'd HOPE so. Raphael DOES have the authority
to expel her, but..." he shook his head. "Fuck. I don't know. Ask him,
anyway. Suri... I don't like..." he stopped, and Mikael didn't ask for
clarification.

Delicate fingers selected a size three brush and mixed red into the burnt
umber.

Suriel's eyes were distant as he looked at the canvas, seeing what would be
there.

A few quick strokes, and...

"Riki," he called softly. "Riki."

Raphael leaned forward, listening to the latest story. "I wouldn't be
surprised if it /had/ been her driving Suriel into hiding," he said when
Mikael had finished. The one-winged angel sighed and raked a hand through his
already-mussed hair. "It would /have/ to be this complex, wouldn't
it?"

Mikael bit his lip. "If... I mean, is it grounds for expulsion?"

"Under normal circumstances, yes," Raphael agreed. "But...
Gabriel left a post-it note on her file. 'Might someday be added to the ranks of
Angels of Death. See if she shows signs'. You /know/ we just don't have enough
to collect all the necessary souls. If we have a chance of getting
another..."

Golden eyes slid shut at Mikael leaned against the desk, shocked. "I
think she's giving Suriel a nervous breakdown. Again."

A pause, and then Raphael shut the file. "Let's go see Gabriel."

Suriel heard voices from the other room... Azrael, of course, and Cherior,
who was coming to visit more often. The redheaded boy was talking loudly about
some trouble he and someone else had gotten up to.

"...Fuck, she could be my sister or something, she and I think so
much..."

Silence for a moment, then a knock on the studio door. "Suriel?"
Azrael, quiet.

"I'm working," Suriel murmured, eyes returning to the canvas.

A moment where he was unable to see beyond the image and -- a painting
trance, as colour and image and meaning blurred.

Suriel dipped size fives into white, blue, red, yellow, and mixed out a flesh
tone.

Oddly, Gabriel's office was the most accessible place on campus. It seemed to
be the same distance away from... well, everywhere. It was one of the little
things that made Mikael suspect that Gabriel wasn't as unapproachable as he
pretended to be.

There was a new sign on Gabriel's door: 'Is it important? Then don't bother
me, I'm busy.'

Then again... Mikael smiled wryly.

Gabriel didn't look up as they entered. "Did you read the sign? Good. Go
away."

"It's important," Raphael said.

A pause. Gabriel signed something, then put his pen down and looked up.
"Okay. I'm listening."

Together, Mikael and Raphael pieced together the incidents they'd heard of.
Gabriel sat quietly, listening, rubbing his temples.

When they'd finished, he sighed explosively. "I just... don't know. I
just don't know." Mikael's stomach clenched at that, and Gabriel was going
on -- "When I first saw her... it was such a relief to see someone with
such strong potential. Dark-edged, with the mental strength of all the Deaths. I
think she can manage it. But if she's harassing Suriel..." Gabriel fiddled
with his pen for a moment. "The thing that bothers me... if her entire
circle of belief... at the very least, her halo..."

Worry squirmed in Mikael's belly and he glanced at Raphael. ~I've never seen
him this... this...~

~This much with his knickers in a twist? He doesn't know what to do, ~
Raphael answered in soft mindspeech. ~Most of the time, he knows what to do.
He's Administration, and we're severely low on angels capable of
soul-collection. It's part of his JOB to find new ones. But what Afriel's
doing... well, if she were bothering Azrael, Gabriel'd kick us out of his office
for wasting his time. Azrael's got thicker skin than a pumpkin.~ That came with
a mental image and Mikael concentrated on keeping his face straight. A wink from
Raphael. ~ But I'm not sure, ~ Raphael murmured, thoughtfully, ~that Gabriel can
forgive someone deliberately hurting Suriel.~

Mikael blinked, startled. ~I didn't think they really got along...~

A mental chuckle wafted from Raphael to Mikael like cinnamon. ~Oh, G-man's
just grumpy. He likes Suriel. Why wouldn't he?~

Gabriel had fallen silent, eyes closed, then sat back. "I signed her up
for the seminar," he said heavily. "We'll see how that goes. If her
behaviour continues after that..."

Expulsion.

It was Sunday night before Suriel finally emerged from his studio, eyes
slightly glazed, groping along the wall.

Azrael took one look at his lover and already pale lips thinned. He strode
over, scooped the unprotesting blond angel into his arms, and carried him to the
baths. Suriel yawned and snuggled as he was stripped and deposited into a tub of
hot water.

Lethargically, he washed himself, wondering semi-somnambulantly if he'd
manage to get his hair done.

It was a moot point. Azrael returned with dinner, which he put out of reach
of Suriel, and then rolled up his sleeves and began slowly washing Suriel's
hair.

It felt nice, but Suriel, at this point, could smell the food.

"Az'ael..."

"After you're out of the tub."

He was good and hungry by the time Azrael had helped him out of the bath and
sat him down to dry his hair. The darker Angel of Death had to stop that task
three times to refill Suriel's plate.

By the time that all was done, Suriel wasn't able to lift his own eyelids.

"Do you have your seminar prepared?" Azrael asked softly, putting
Suriel in bed.

Suriel thought of his perfect painting and smiled sleepily. "Mmm. 'S all
ready."

Mikael tried to teach for ten minutes before giving up and dismissing his
class so he could go to the seminar. He felt vaguely guilty, but he was too
nervous to teach, really. Or so he told himself.

He slipped in through the back door and nearly bumped into the Metatron, who
was leaning against the wall. The Voice of Most Holy wiggled his fingers at
Mikael then went back to filing his nails.

Mikael leaned against the wall too. "What are you doing here?"

The Metatron shrugged. "If He tells me to go, I go. I assume something
will happen that'll need His permission." He blew on his nails and giggled.
"Didja know if you layer Transparent Pearl and Sparkleberry, you get this
nifty glowing coral effect?"

Politely, Mikael glanced at the nails of the most powerful angel in
existence. They did, actually, glow. Mikael couldn't hide a smile.

Suriel stepped onstage, placed a covered canvas to one side, and smiled out
at the audience somewhat vaguely. "Why do children have to die?"

Silence fell abruptly.

"I think everyone asks that." Bright blue eyes slid shut. "I'm
not Most Holy. I couldn't satisfy everyone with an answer. It's not easy, even
for us. But without us, some souls would be unable to find their way to Most
Holy, or... elsewhere. The longer they remain on earth, the more their
personality fades until they become nothing, completely destroyed."

He opened his eyes. "All angels can appeal to a human soul. There are
only a few who can be this guide, however. These soul-collectors are called the
Angels of Death. Azrael and myself are the oldest and most capable; there are
only a few others. Most angels go insane, you see, seeing so much pain."

Suriel took a deep breath. "As such, it's a matter of duty..."

As Suriel talked on, Mikael glanced around the seminar hall for Afriel. He
saw her -- sitting beside the unmistakable form of Cherior.

Mikael blinked. Twice. "Cherior... and..." he turned, wide-eyed.
"They know each other?"

"They need each other," The Metatron said seriously, and giggled.
"Scared yet?"

And Suriel talked on. Watching Afriel, Mikael saw her face grow stormier and
stormier, until...

"Can I take any questions," Suriel asked, finally.

Afriel rose immediately. "Oh, yes. How do the CHILDREN feel about being
taken away, too young to know what's going on?!"

Her voice rang in the hall, and to his surprise, Mikael saw Suriel nodding as
if he'd expected the question.

The Angel of Death bent and picked up the canvas. "Let me tell you of a
boy I had to carry home," he said, and slid the covering cloth off the
painting to reveal the portrait of a young boy with short brown hair."

Mikael watched colour drain from Afriel's face.

"This boy," Suriel said calmly, "was buried alive at the
beach. He could feel the grains in his lungs as they filled with sand. It was
dark, hot, and horrifying. And then, suddenly, nothingness. All he could feel
was that memory. He was hysterical. I--"

"You BASTARD!" Afriel shouted, face livid. "You fucking PRICK!
You took him away from me and you dare -- you DARE--!"

She was scrambling down rows, over chairs, pushing students out of her way.
Looking alarmed, Cherior scrambled after.

Beside Mikael, the Metatron was glowing softly.

"You had no right to touch him," Afriel shrieked, trying to pull
herself up on stage. "He was MINE, do you hear me, it should have been
ME!"

Her voice broke two octaves on the last word, and a brief silence fell.

"Nee-chan," a quiet voice said, tearful, "don' yell. You
always yell."

She froze. Cherior caught up, and stopped too.

A young boy stepped out from behind Suriel, one hand clinging to the angel's
thigh, the other hand moving his thumb inexorably to his mouth. The canvas was
blank.

"Riki?" Afriel didn't move. "...Riki?"

Suriel knelt, ran a gentle hand over the child's hair. "Go on."

Slowly, the softly glowing child took a few steps towards his sister, who
still remained frozen in the act of hoisting herself on stage.

Cherior shrugged and gave her a shove.

She met her brother halfway across the stage, flinging herself down to hold
him to her. "Riki, Riki..."

The whole hall was silent as the siblings embraced.

Then Riki pulled away, placed a kiss on his sister's cheek, and turned,
running back to Suriel. The Angel of Death scooped him up. Wet nose nuzzling
into Suriel's neck, the child faded away.

Mikael clutched the wall to support himself and let himself breathe.
Sympathetically, the Metatron patted his shoulder.

On stage, Suriel was suddenly all business, stepping back to the podium.
"That concludes the seminar," he said, then turned and handed the
portrait to Afriel.

"And that was that?" Raphael asked dubiously over the rim of his
teacup.

Curling into Raphael's side, Mikael shrugged. "I can't see ANYONE
bearing a grudge after a miracle like that, Raphael-sama."

Azrael turned another set of cards over in his game of Solitaire. "I
dunno why the fuck she had a problem, anyway. Anyone who knows Suriel knows how
much he loves kids. Fuck, if he--"

The door slammed open and Suriel stalked in, obviously seething with anger.
He was stripping his vest off as he went, and no wonder -- his hair and upper
torso were coated with something white and clumpy.

One moment he was seated, the next, cards were scattered, and Azrael was on
his feet. "Suri! The hell--"

"Whipped cream," Suriel spat. "They put a bucket of whipped
cream over my classroom door. I'm going to kill them one of these days, I really
am." He stalked into the kitchenette.

"It's just a prank," Raphael called, grinning. "I've seen
worse. I mean, I've DONE worse --"

"I don't make idle threats!" Suriel shouted back.

Azrael had a funny look on his face, dark eyes hot, a grin lingering. Body
moving with a lithe, animal grace, he stalked after Suriel.

Raphael rolled his eyes at Mikael, shrugging and jerking his thumb towards
the lounge door.

Laughter from outside.

Mikael sighed, strode over, and yanked the door open. Cherior glared back at
him with his usual distain and Afriel smiled brightly, sweet-eyed.

~Butter wouldn't melt in her mouth~ Raphael murmured into Mikael's mind. It
was suddenly hard to keep a straight face.

But keep it he did. "Did you want something?" he asked pointedly.

Inexplicably, Afriel blushed. "No, Mikael-sama. Thank you for your
time." She turned on her heel and walked away, very straight backed.
Cherior shrugged a peer's shrug at Mikael, and followed.

The aqua-haired angel sighed and shut the door just as Suriel cried out from
the kitchenette, a choked moan.

Colour rushed up into his face at the noise and he saw Raphael watching him
from the couch.

~Honestly, Raphael-sama,~ he grumbled, embarrassed. ~If it's not one thing,
it's another.~

~I agree entirely.~ Raphael smiled velvet and patted his lap. ~C'mere,
Mi-ka-e-l.~

Mikael signed in mock irritation, shaking his head. ~Antics, antics.
Everybody's up to something~ he chided, and gave in.