Harry remembered that day as if it had been yesterday. It had been some time in the early August, right after his eighth birthday that the Dursleys had not, of course, celebrated. There had been loud, sudden noises, and flashes of green lights. When the ruckus had died down, the Dursleys had been slumped down on the sofa, their eyes glassy and their mouth hanging open. There had also been two men, tall and black-clad, holding wooden sticks.

“I find it unseemly that a wizard should live among Muggles,” the fair-haired one had said.

“Let’s take the boy back, then,” the black-haired one had answered.

They had gripped Harry by his upper arms, heedless of his protests, and after the most terrifying two minutes ever, they had ended up here.

Malfoy Manor.

There hadn’t been that many major changes to Harry’s life. He continued to serve, but the Malfoys rather than the Dursleys. The Malfoys also had house-elves to take care of the cooking and cleaning, so Harry’s service had taken a more personal form.

And now he was walking down the corridor to Master Lucius’s chambers, carefully holding a small crate containing several vials of spiced lubricant. The large buttplug inside him shifted with every step, and the pulsing nipple-clamps had him bite his lips not to cry out in pain or pleasure.

“Good evening, Harry.”

At the unexpected noise behind him, Harry jumped a little, sending the vials in the crate clinking against one another.

“Careful, boy.”

A hand stabilised the crate. Harry swallowed nervously.

“Good evening, Master Severus.”

Of all of Master Lucius’s friends, Master Severus was the one Harry was loaned to the most frequently, sometimes for weeks at a time. Harry rather liked him; he was never unnecessarily cruel, and he had never sent him to Saint Mungo’s. Not that the others had been able to do it twice.

Master Severus plucked one of the vials from the crate and held it to the light.

“Spiced lubricant, Master,” Harry offered.

Master Severus smiled indulgently. “I know, Harry. I’m brewing them.”

Harry blushed in embarrassment and hanged his head down. Suddenly the crate was taken off his hands and put down on a nearby console. He was pressed against Master Severus’s long body with one hand while the other slid down his back to tug at his buttplug.

“Sir! I can’t—”

“Are you denying me, boy?” Master Severus asked, a dangerous edge in his voice.

“No, Master,” Harry answered, biting his lips. He was not allowed to refuse Master Severus anything, but Master Lucius was waiting for him in his rooms.

The decision was taken out of his hands when Master Severus pushed his robes away to reveal his hard cock. Opening one of the vials, he quickly spread the lubricant on himself.

Then he reached to take off Harry’s buttplug completely. He discarded it next to the crate and gripped Harry at his armpits. He whispered a feather-light spell, and added, “Brace yourself.”

Effortlessly, he lifted Harry up, then down on his cock. The plug had kept Harry open, and there was next to no friction. Harry crossed his legs in Master Severus’s back and let himself be moved up and down Master Severus’s cock, hiding his flushed face into the folds of his shirt.

Another voice rose behind them. “So that’s where my little slave had disappeared to!”

Harry craned his neck over Master Severus’s shoulder. Master Lucius was standing, a predatory grin on his lips. Harry swallowed nervously, wondering what his punishment would be. Leisurely, Master Severus turned to face Master Lucius.

“Why don’t you join us?”

Harry felt Master Lucius mould his body to Harry’s back before two greased fingers slid next to Master Severus’s cock. Master Severus was not moving now, waiting for Harry didn’t know what. A third finger joined the others, making Harry whimper. Suddenly the fingers were taken out, and something thicker, blunter took their place. Harry’s eyes flew open in realisation, and he tried to relax himself as much as possible.

Slowly, Master Lucius’s cock slid inside him, until it was all the way in and Harry felt full to bursting. His Masters staid still for a moment, then they started to move and Harry was lost in a whirlwind of sensations. He could feel both cocks sliding against each other and inside him, and he felt almost overwhelmed.

A hand snaked in front of his body to grip his own cock in a powerful grip, and he arched back in their embrace, his head coming to rest on Master Lucius’s shoulder.

Master Lucius turned his head to take Harry’s lips, and Harry abandoned himself to pleasure, crying out as his orgasm was wrung out of him. Warmth filled him as Master Severus thrust one last time. They stilled a minute, Master Lucius’s ragged breath music to Harry’s ears.

Master Severus’s soft cock slipped out of him, but he didn’t release Harry as Master Lucius began pounding into Harry’s arse. It didn’t take too much for him to come, deep inside Harry’s body.

They remained locked in that position for a long time, catching their breaths and calming their heartbeats. Finally, Master Lucius stepped back, and Master Severus released Harry. Harry could feel come sliding along his back thighs, and he frowned, uncomfortable.

“Go run us a bath, imp. You can clean yourself, if you want.”

Harry smiled widely at his masters. It was uncanny, how they always knew what he thought.

“Thank you, Master!”

He turned in the direction of Master Lucius’s bathroom. As he was walking off, he heard Master Lucius ask Master Severus, “Want to join in?”

Harry smiled, looking forward to his evening.