"How did you die?"

George looked up from her beer. "Toilet seat." Junsu's eyebrows went up. "Space junk at just the right place and right time."

He stared at her for a moment, then let out a bark of laughter that rang up her spine and tickled her neck. She couldn't help grinning at him.

"That's the worst thing I've ever heard," he snickered, stubbing his cigarette out and leaning back in his chair.

She shrugged. "Apparently, it happens."

There was another quiet pause while he drank his beer. Then he asked, "Do you like it? What you do, I mean."

What you'll be doing? "Not particularly," she answered honestly, shrugged again. "But worse things happen if I don't do it."

"Like what?"

"Like souls gone bad, rotting in their physical shells. Unspeakable pain at death. Stuff like that."

"And you believe that what you do is to prevent those things from happening."

"Well. Yeah."

"Anything else?"

"Like guiding people toward the light and all that crap?" He frowned at her tone. She took a breath. "No, no. I know that's part of my job. I've seen the lights plenty of times." She frowned herself. "It just doesn't seem particularly relevant that I'm there or not for that part."

He nodded. "It's because you're not."

"I certainly seemed relevant enough tonight." It was a bitter remark, and she regretted it as soon as it left her mouth.

He was quiet for a moment. "What is it you think happened when you touched me tonight?"

George sighed. "I pulled your soul. From your body." Except that wasn't entirely what happened. And this was just the beginning of the wierd that was this reap.

"No," he shook his head. "I gave you leave to take my soul. To witness the separation."

Gave you leave?? Who the hell was this guy?

George had been sure in her grip on his forearm when he'd offered his hand. She'd felt his soul as soon as she touched him, felt it so full and vibrant it made her eyes ache from the inside. But instead of her brushing along his skin, gently releasing it from his body, he held onto her harder, and stepped back.

Junsu's body had not fallen. It had disappeared. Like a graveling's, but...made of light, not ash.

They had made their way out of the dressingroom, Junsu casually walking the halls unseen. There was no sign of the other two band members. George herself received a few uninterested glances, but nothing held her up from leading Junsu's Soulself from the hall.

"Wait," he had asked her when they reached the courtyard. "I'd like to stay for a while."

She'd had no objections, so she found a seat on a nearby bench and waited. Junsu wandered from group to group of fans, watching, listening. And then he began to sing.

Standing in a central area, arms outstretched, eyes closed, chin to the sky, Junsu had let his soul sound free. The murmurs that normally accompany large groups of people literally died in a moment. Silence spread across the open areas, over the street. In the chill air, George watched face after face turn upwards, turn toward the sky.

She lifted her eyes and saw the clouds had drifted, revealing the stars. At the rise and command of Junsu's voice, they were summoned, stirring with his will and with his soul. Starlight rained and shot across the deep blue of the heavens. Starlight fell on every head, touched what no mere hand could touch, drove away shadows in places no eye could see.

When it was over, and his voice went quiet, it was as if the people took a collective sigh. Tears were dried, joy was reignited, and the sounds and movements of the city slowly returned.

If she hadn't seen it, heard it for herself, George would have had only the vague recollection, as that of a dream. As it was, she was left with fleeting memories of her mother, of Reggie. Of Betty and her crazy, powerful love of life even in death.

Junsu walked over to her and sat down, as though nothing out of the ordinary had happened. "Back to your hotel?" he had offered, and she'd shaken her head at him, but gotten up and led the way.

"No soul can be pulled without the will of the owner," Junsu was saying. "Never, ever doubt that."

A clock in the hotel suite somewhere chimed the first stroke of midnight. Junsu put down his beer, and shifted to the edge of his chair. He reached out his hand again and waited for her to put hers into his.

"Remember," he whispered, voice so low, it caused her to lean in close. He squeezed her fingers. "Whatever else, I'm the funny one." And with that, George found herself being kissed.

It was over quickly, but she'd closed her eyes out of pure psychological reaction. When she'd opened them again, it was in time to catch the last glimmers of the same light she'd seen when his soul left his body. And this time, Junsu was gone entirely.