Story:  A Little Spanking - F/M

When I was taken to the reform school, I was resentful and angry.  I only agreed to go there instead of paying a large fine for the trouble I got into.  It was an unusual reform school - it was a school for males, but was run entirely by females.  We were sitting in Miss Karen's office while she explained some of the details - the structured environment, the expectation for obedience, and a reference to "little spankings now and then".  Yeah right, like I'm going to be intimidated by a little spanking given by a woman!

Miss Karen told me to always show respect for every one of the staff there, and that disrespect to any of them was grounds for punishment.  She didn't say what kind.  Then she said that my first few days would be completely alone, sort of like in a jail cell, and that I wouldn't be talking to any of the other students, as she called them.  This was for some kind of "evaluation".

Those few days were very difficult, since I wasn't accustomed to being locked up all alone.  The third night was a Friday night, and about an hour after dinner, one of the women came and told me that I was going to get a "little spanking".  I asked her why and she said that this would be my introduction to discipline at the school.  Another woman was with her and they walked me over to a room down the hall a ways, took me inside, and locked the door.  There was a very young looking female already in the room when we got there.  She was wearing a rather short dress, and she looked like a very nice girl with sweet-looking facial features - like someone who would be a baby-sitter down the street.

"I'm Miss Kelly," she said, "and I'm one of the discipline administrators.  You'll be getting a little spanking from me tonight.  I want you to cooperate completely.  If you don't cooperate, I'll be forced to increase the severity of your spanking.  All spanking is administered on the bare bottom.  I want you to take all your clothes off, right now, and place them neatly on that little table over there," she said, pointing to a small table in a corner of the room.

"Umm, all my clothes off?" I asked, trying to delay having to strip in front of several women.

"Everything, and you'd better make it quick!  Come on, get going!"

I fumbled with my clothes, my hands almost shaking from nervousness.  Finally I got them off, and put them where she told me to.

Pointing to a specially built structure in the center of the room, she told me to go up to that box and bend over it.  When I did, Miss Kelly fastened a binding strap around my waist and tightened it so that I could not move out of position.  Then she fastened another strap across the back of my knees and tightened it so that my legs were tight against the punishment box.  Following that, she tied my hands in front of me, and then tied my ankles to the box.  I could hardly move at all.

"You are now going to get a taste of how discipline is administered at this school," Miss Kelly said sweetly.  "I'm going to give you a little spanking - twenty spanks with a leather strap."

Then I heard Miss Kelly's footsteps as she walked over to pick up a strap.  Although I was a little nervous as she prepared to start the spanking, I thought to myself, "why be afraid of a little spanking of twenty swats?"

Miss Kelly may look like a sweet and gentle girl, but I couldn't believe how hard that first stroke was!  Just a couple of seconds later the strap swatted me again, just as hard as the first stroke.  She kept up the entire twenty strokes just that way, one after the other, and extremely hard.  From the third stroke I started yelling when each stroke made contact, and from the tenth stroke on, I yelled continuously, trying with all my might to get out of the strap's path but completely unable to move.

My bare fanny felt as though it was ablaze.  I was stunned and shaken by that brief but severe strapping, which probably took less than one minute to administer.  Miss Kelly walked around to where I could see her, with the strap still in her hand.  It was a leather strap about eighteen inches long, a full three inches wide, with a wooden handle.  It appeared to have been well used, although none the worse for wear.

"Every two weeks during your stay here, you will get a little spanking like the one you just had," Miss Kelly explained to my astonishment.  "If you have any other punishment coming from your behavior during those two weeks, you will get it at that time. But you will always get what you got today, every two weeks.  Sometimes it will be with the strap, sometimes the paddle, or other instruments of punishment.  Also, there's one more detail you should know - before you will be allowed to leave this school you must be able to take one of these little spankings without being tied to the box, and without getting out of position.  I suggest you think about that during your stay."

I didn't know what to think - the idea of being able to stay put for one of those "little spankings" seemed totally impossible to me.  And the prospect of going through, every two weeks, what I had just experienced, plus more if they didn't like my behavior, was something I didn't want to think about at all right then.  I just wanted to get out of that punishment room.

Miss Kelly spoke again.  "When I untie you I want you to stand in front of the women who escorted you here.  Stand with your hands at your sides, without reaching in back or in front, and wait for more instructions.  Got it?"

A pause.

Then suddenly I felt an incredible pain flash across my bared bottom as Miss Kelly wielded one stroke of the strap.  I exclaimed, "Aaaahhh!"

"You are expected to answer every question you are asked," Miss Kelly explained.  "Did you hear and understand what I said about what you are expected to do when you're untied?"

"Yes!"

Another flash of pain as Miss Kelly delivered an additional stroke.

"Yes, what?" asked Miss Kelly.

"Yes, Miss Kelly!!" I exclaimed.

I felt the bindings being loosened and I stood up, still very much aware of the pain from my strapping.  I gingerly walked over to stand in front of the women who were seated and had been observing the goings-on.  I wanted very much to put my hands in front of me, but I remembered that Miss Kelly said that my hands should be at my sides.

There was a very long silent pause where nothing was said, and I was becoming more and more nervous, wondering if I should say something.  My hands, although at my sides, were fidgeting and I didn't know what to do.  I looked back at Miss Kelly, who was standing calmly, still holding the strap.

Finally one of the women started to speak.

"When you fail to observe the rules at this school, you will be assigned a certain number of demerits for each offense," she said.  "Each demerit will get you five strokes at your next spanking.  Any one of the staff is allowed to assign demerits to the students here.  The demerits are noted in your file and are dealt with at the time of your next spanking.  If you rack up an unusual number of demerits, we can have you in this room every three days if that's what it takes.  And every time you have to come here, you'll first get your twenty spanks, and then whatever additional you have coming to you.  Understood?"

"Y-yes; Yes ma'am," I sheepishly said.

She continued, "Your appointment for receiving your spanking will be every other Friday evening at 7:00.  You are expected to show up here for your appointment on your own accord, and on time.  Remember that you will earn demerits for lateness, and for not showing up, which is a very serious offense.  Each student here has a standing appointment.  Is that clear?"

"Yes ma'am," I shakily replied.

"Very well.  You have one minute to get dressed.  Then we will take you back to your room."

The next few weeks were very busy, and difficult.  I moved into a dorm where I met some of the other "students" and went to classes.  There were all these expectations that the staff had, and if they thought you weren't living up to them, they freely handed out the demerits.  My second "little spanking" was two weeks after my first one, and I had gotten three demerits.  Instead of Miss Kelly, there was another girl named Miss Thorngate who was very severe.  She punished me with a thin, whippy thing they called a cane.  Man, that thing hurt!  After the first twenty, she paused a couple of minutes and then administered the punishment for the demerits.  She had studied my "file" and knew exactly what the demerits were for, and lectured me on each incident before applying the additional five strokes for each one.

Unfortunately, having demerits was more the rule than the exception.  One time I was ten minutes late to my spanking appointment.  That earned me 5 demerits!  Plus I had three to take care of then, so Miss Kelly decided to administer strokes for the three demerits plus one of the five for being late, that day.  Then I was supposed to come back in three days to take care of the other four demerits, plus the usual twenty strokes for having a spanking.  She really wielded the strap ferociously that time.  Each appointment is 15 minutes, which is usually more than enough time for one student to arrive, get undressed, get spanked, and leave.  But being ten minutes late meant that the next appointment was thrown off by about 5 minutes.

I made sure I was on time when I came back three days later at the first appointment of the day. My bottom was still sore from the last spanking, and I was not looking forward to that day's ordeal.  When I arrived at the punishment room I had a surprise.  Besides Miss Thorngate and three other women, there were about ten girls my age in the room.  They all wore light blue dresses and were standing up along one wall.  Miss Thorngate explained that they were recent arrivals at a girls' reform school and that part of their introduction to the system is observing a few discipline sessions so that they knew what is in store for them if they break the rules and earn punishment.  This was embarrassing to me.  And there I was about to get undressed to be whipped, with a group of girls watching.

Seeing my hesitation, Miss Thorngate spurred things along.  "Get completely undressed, just as you do for your other spankings, and lean across the punishment table."

I noticed that the girls were wide-eyed and excited.  I sheepishly removed my clothes and did as I was ordered.  Miss Thorngate tied me very firmly to the punishment table, and announced to the girls, "Every two weeks every one of the students here gets a spanking of twenty strokes, no matter what.  If they have earned demerits for breaking the rules, they get five strokes extra for each demerit.  If they have many demerits for serious infractions, as this student here does, we have them come back as often as every three days for a spanking.  Every time they come here, it's twenty strokes, plus those for the demerits.  This one has four demerits to work off today, so he will first get twenty for having to come here, then twenty more for his demerits.  I will now give him his first installment.  Pay close attention, girls.  You are about to witness what happens to naughty boys, and what could happen to you."

I heard Miss Thorngate walk to where the various punishment instruments were hanging on the wall.  She selected one, and I didn't know yet what she was going to spank me with.  She walked over to one side to take her position, and I got that helpless feeling of being totally at Miss Thorngate's mercy, and knowing that there would be precious little mercy shown by her.

Suddenly a flash of pain swiped across my bared bottom as I tensed up.  A scant few seconds later, another one.  I gritted my teeth, not wanting to cry out in front of the group of girls.  Another one a few seconds later, the third stroke.  I knew I couldn't hold out much longer.  The fourth stroke got a short exclamation from me.  The fifth stroke, which followed closely, made me fill the room with my reaction to the pain.  From then on the pain was so great that I stopped trying to conceal my reaction.  I also started to plead with Miss Thorngate.

"Please Miss Thorngate!  Aaaauuugh!  Please not so hard, please, pleeeeeease!  Owwwwwwww!  Stop, Miss Thorngate, STOP!  Aaaaugh!  It hurts too much!  Please no more, no more!  Owwwww!"  On and on it went for the entire measure of the twenty strokes.

I didn't know how I'd be able to endure another twenty strokes, but I knew that there was no choice in the matter, and that soon I'd be enduring them.  Miss Thorngate walked around the room a couple of times, swishing the rattan cane through the air.

She started to lecture the girls.  "We are only halfway through this boy's spanking.  He earned today's session by accumulating four demerits.  I will now give him the twenty strokes for the four demerits that he earned."

I pleaded with her during the entire ordeal.  She paid no attention, giving the second half with at least as much zeal as the first twenty strokes.  Miss Thorngate released me from the punishment table and told me to stand directly in front of the girls, with my hands at my sides.  When I stood before the girls I had to tell them what I had done to earn today's spanking.  That was very humiliating, but I didn't see as I had much choice.

By the time I had been there six months, I had gotten quite a few extra spankings.  After one of those, administered by Miss Kelly, she reminded me that I would have to take a spanking without being tied and without getting out of position, before I could be released, and that I should think about it.  She said that if I tried it and couldn't stay in position, that I would have to stay for two more weeks and try again at the next spanking.  By then I was really wanting to get out of there.  

At times I had considered escaping, but the consequences to those who tried it (they were ALWAYS caught) were very unpleasant.  They had their stay at the school extended by six months, plus they earned thirty-two demerits, which had to be worked off every three days, four demerits at a time, plus twenty strokes each time.  That's almost a whole month of being severely spanked every three days.  Those would be in addition to the biweekly spankings they got, plus any spankings for other demerits.  Usually two or three of the students at a time tried to escape, so I imagine that Miss Kelly and Miss Thorngate got a lot of practice in the weeks that followed an attempt at escaping.

The first time I tried to take a spanking and stay in position, I couldn't do it and stood up after eighteen strokes.  If I could have stayed in position for two more, I would have made it.  But I had to stay two more weeks and try again.  It was really difficult, and it took all my concentration, but I did manage to take that spanking.  I got out of there three days later, and I was sure glad to.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
