My Dirty  Incest Family
jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>



Friends recently I had interaction with a fan of mine
from Delhi and he wanted me to write about his family
incest. His name is Shekhar and I will write about his
family. His mom, Kamala is about 39 with plump body of
38 30-40 and of 5' 3" height. His sister Lata is
about 18 and is growing into a woman having nice body
figure of 35-26-36 and is a bit taller than his mom,
5' 4" she is in 12 th standard now and studying in
convent school. He has younger brother, Suresh who is
20 and in college. The father, Shiva is about 49 and
is in service. The family is very orthodox type and my
friend Shekhar always yearned after his mom. He had
seen her naked on few occasions and that made him lust
for her body. 

He also saw his sister, taking bath in nude and that
too provoked him to lust after her too. The father is
a drunkard and comes home with high SPIRIT and takes
his dinner, just fucks the wife hurriedly and sleeps
like a log. Our hero, Shekhar always lusted after his
Mom and sis and wanted to fuck them both but due to
fear was not able to satisfy his lust on them. He used
to fondle his sister Lata in brotherly manner and
sometimes he succeeded in moving his hands over his
sister's virgin boobs and she never said anything
about this to anybody. So this was going on for many
days, months and he kept mum and resigned from fucking
the two females in the family. 

One day in the night Shekhar got up to piss and as he
was passing from the bedroom of their parents, he saw
his brother, Suresh, peeping in with his hands on his
cock. He was astonished and went near him and looked
inside. There were his father and mother fucking. His
father seemed drunk and his mom, Kamala lay on the
floor with legs spread wide. The father had his cock
buried deep in his wife's choot (cunt) and was fucking
her fast as if he was in some hurry. The Mom, Kamala
was moaning loudly and shamelessly and was urging her
husband to fuck her nicely. 

"Ohhh Chodo muze! Sale jorse chodo! Oohhhh! Main to
bhooki raha jati hu aur tum aapna pani chodke so jate
ho! Aaj meri choot ki pyas boozao. Chodo! Phado meri
choot ko!" the mom was uttering those very words.
Shiva was unable to control himself and he came in
short time and lay panting on Kamala. After spurting
his come inside his wife's choot, he dismounted her
and went to sleep. The frustrated Kamala was cursing
him and rubbing her own cunt. 

"Sale! Pani chod diya aur so gaya! Aab meri choot kaun
chodega? Tera baap? Ohh sale harami! Muze pyasa hi
chod jata hai! Ohh meri Choot! Aaaahhhhhhhh! Sali
khujala rahi hai! Ohh mere bete! Ohhh Shekhar,
Suresh!Tum to chodo muze! Sale apna mota lund lekar so
jate hai! Aapne ma ka to khayal karo. Dekho meri choot
kaise phadphada rahi hai! Ohhhhhh chodo muze. Ohh
Suresh! Ohh Shekhar!Tumhare mote lund se tumhari ma
ko chodo! Ohhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh!" 

And imaging that her sons were fucking her Kamala
masturbated with all her strength and came in short
time. Both the brothers looked at each other and saw
their cocks erect. Their mom was imaging their cocks
fucking her choot as she masturbated. Shekhar said to
Suresh, "come on brother I know what you were doing
and I heard our mother calling our names as she rubbed
her cunt. Ohh God! I wish my cock were fucking her. Do
you?" 

"Yes Shekhar! I am watching this for last few days and
every day our mom sleeps unsatisfied with our fathers
fucking. She often calls our names and imagines that
we are fucking her. What do you think we should do?
Shall we fulfill our mother's desire and fuck her? OR
should we wait and keep quite." 

"No Suresh! We have to do something about it. Ohh Your
cock is hard and big. Ohh its about 8 inches long. Ohh
longer than mine! I think lets fuck our mother right
in her bed room and NOW. Come on remove your clothes
and lets push us inside and fuck kamala. She seems to
be great slut, wanting to be fucked by her own sons!
Come on lets fuck mom!" And both the young sons
entered the bedroom of the parents. The father, Shiva
was snoring and kamala lay besides him with her hand
still on her cunt. The dim light showed everything of
her big fleshy cunt. She had nice bushy hair on her
choot and the it was real fleshy. The slit was longer
than the average and at the tip of the slit the
clitoris peeked out. It was about half an inch long
and looked like a small cock. 

Both the brothers looked at the fleshy cunt and then
at the huge black boobs of their mother. The boobs
were loose, sagging but real big and fleshy. She had
big aureoles with big long nipples that looked like
shrunk grapes. Her face looked frustrated and it
seemed that she really needed a nice fuck. Their
father was lying on his back with his shrunk cock
looking like a small bud and both the brothers felt
pity of their mother. Shekhar lay beside his mother
and asked Suresh to join him. Suresh lay on the other
side of his mom and both the brothers took hold of
each breast of their mother. Their hands felt the
softness and they started to knead the flesh. 

Their mom stirred in her light sleep and sensing the
pleasure moaned slightly and again closed her eyes.
Both the brothers were a bit afraid at this but
started their game again. Now Shekhar took one nipple
in his mouth and started to suckle on it while his
brother kneaded the same breast. This made both the
brothers real hot and they wanted more. Shekhar went
to his mother's cunt and placed his mouth on the
sticky cunt. Kamala stirred again and spread her legs
more. Shekhar pushed his tongue in his mom's choot and
started to taste the combined juices of the parents.
He pushed his tongue deep in his mom's choot and moved
it in and out. Kamala stirred again and this time
thrust her ass up to take more of her sons tongue in.
she was not aware it was her own son sucking her
pussy. 

Suresh took her breast in his mouth and started to
suckle on it as if he was a child. He tried to swallow
the entire breast and in the process he bit his mom's
tender boob. The pain made Kamala look around and what
she saw! She saw her two young son totally naked, one
sucking her pussy and the other sucking her breast.
She never expected this to happen and she shouted at
them, "Ohh No! go away! What are you doing? I am your
mother and you are my son. This is sin! Please don't
do this!" Shekhar was bold and he asked his mom to be
quite and enjoy what was going on. He whispered to
her, "Mom! You were calling us when my father slept,
leaving you unsatisfied. You wanted your son to fuck
you and satisfy your lust. So why turn back now? 

We both want to satisfy you and we wish that you
should be happy. We know dad! He is useless. So spread
that cunt for us and enjoy. See our lunds! They are
hard for you!" And Kamala kept quite and spread her
legs wide for her son. Shekhar was now in a mood to
fuck his mom. He had lusted after her for a long time
and so he got up and coming between the wide spread
legs of his mom, he inserted his throbbing cock in his
mothers pussy. His mom moaned loudly and accepted the
incestuous fucking, thrusting her ass to take her sons
cock as much as possible in her hungry pussy. Suresh
watched his brother mount his mom and he pushed his
cock near her mouth and asked his mom to suck it while
the other son fucked her choot. "Choose mera lund
(Suck my cock) mom! Suck it while Shekhar fucks your
pussy. Ohhhh! Sali Randi! You are a real slut! Do do
Lund ek sath leti haai! Taking both the cocks at the
same time. Chal mera Lund choose aur Shekhar ko chod!
Come on Mom suck my dick and fuck Shekhar's cock. You
cock hungry bitch! Whore!" 

"Ohh Muze Randi mat kaho bete! (Don't call me slut,
son!) You know I am unsatisfied with your dad. He just
fucks me and drops his come in my hungry choot and
sleeps. Muze Lund chahiye! I want some cock! I don't
bother if its my son fucking me. Its Lund that
matters. So shut up and fuck mom! Sale tum khali
chodo! Randi samazo ya mom chodo!" Kamala was now
enjoying the attention of her two sons, one fucking
her cunt and the other thrusting his cock in her
mouth. Her son's were nicely endowed and so she was
happy. She moved her ass in a circular manner to churn
Shekhar's cock in her pussy and moved her mouth over
Suresh's cock. Kamala had to bend back to take her
son's cock in her mouth and her teeth scraped the cock
as she tried to swallow him. 

And Suresh loved it! He held his cock at the base and
was pushing it in his mom's mouth. Shekhar was fucking
his mom in earnest and was thrusting his cock faster
and faster. All were making lots of noise, moaning and
shouting at each other and forget that Shiva was
sleeping next to them. Shiva moved in his sleep and
his legs touched Suresh. Suresh was afraid and
whispered, "Mom! Dad is waking up. I think he wants to
piss! Let's stop this till he is sound asleep." 

"No! Don't stop fucking me. Let him wake up I don't
mind. Fuck my pussy and mouth! Fuck me! Chodo muze!
Aaj kitne salon baad aaisa mouka aaya hai! Ccchhoo
dooooo!" And both the sons continued. Suresh wanted to
fuck his mom too and told it to Shekhar. Shekhar was
now fucking his mom's cunt and did not want to stop.
He said, "Come on brother! There is plenty of room
here. I will take mom on top of me and let her ride my
cock and you come behind her and fuck that big ass
hole of hers! The slut can take two cocks at a time.
Come on Suresh!" And Shekhar lay on his back and asked
Kamala to ride his cock. Kamala was crazy for her
son's cocks and immediately sat on Shekhar's cock,
taking it all the way in her choot. She lay on her
son's naked body and moved her cunt over his cock,
rubbing both of her boobs on his chest. Her ass was
thrust up in the air as she rode the cock and Suresh
came behind her and admired the solid ass. He kneeled
behind his mother and put his mouth to her ass hole,
licking it. 

Kamala felt her other son licking her ass and was
beyond herself, "Ohh Chat meri gaand! Ohhhh sali ko
masti aa gayee hai! Ohhhhhhhh! Ek beta meri choot me
Lund dal raha hai aur doosra meri gand chaat raha hai!
Ohhhh how lucky I am! Both the sons pleasuring their
mom! Ohhhh Chodo! Chodo aapni Randi ma ko! Fuck your
slut mom!" Suresh's sucking and licking had made
Kamala's as hole slippery with saliva and was ready
for some action. Suresh took his cock in his hand and
put it at the ass hole of Kamala and tried to push it
in. Kamala's ass hole was tight and Shiva had never
fucked her in the ass and hence it wa virgin. Kamala
shouted at her son, "Ohhh! Please don't fuck me in the
ass. You will tear the poor hole. Oohhh GOD! Its not
possible. Please don't fuck me there. Bring that cock
here and let me suck you off instead. I will swallow
your entire cock, but please spare my ass hole." 

Shekhar was annoyed at losing this double penetration
opportunity and so he slapped his mother as she rode h
is cock, "Slut! You don't have no choice! You are a
whore! Keep still and let my brother tear your ass
hole. Push your cock in that shit hole brother! And
fuck her gand! Sali Randi nakhare dikhati hai! Dal
aapne lund ko. Chod!" Suresh did not require any other
encouragement and he thrust his cock inside the poor
ass hole. The cock head entered easily and Kamala
shouted in pain. This made Suresh more aggressive and
he pushed his cock more, making his mother cry in
pain. Shekhar thrust his hips up and pushed his cock
deep in to the cunt of his mom, trying to make contact
with his brothers cock in the ass. Now Suresh managed
to push 4 inches of his cock in the ass in spite of
the crying of his mom. 

The sound this trio made was sufficient to wake up
Shiva and nobody had bothered about the drunkard.
Shiva stirred in his sleep and called his wife,
"Kamala come here! Where are you?" he could not see
his wife near by and so he sat up in his bed and
looked around. Ohh what he saw made him jump and the
effect of the alcohol came down fast. He saw his own
wife getting two cocks at the same time. Both the
cocks belonged to his own sons and his own blood. He
could not gather what he saw and so he got up and went
near the trio. Kamala was fucking two cocks. She was
sliding her body over the two cocks and fucking them.
Shiva shouted at them, "Sale! Yeh kya kar rahe ho?
Aapni ma ko chod rahe ho! What are you doing. Fucking
your own mother. Ohh what a shameless way to fuck! My
slut wife is taking all the cocks my sons are giving
her. Ohh She is whore" come on stop that! I will beat
the hell out of you!" 

"Keep quite dad! Let us fuck our mom. Your cock cannot
satisfy her and that's why she is fucking her own
sons. Just watch and don't try to stop us. Here see
your whore wife fucking us." And both the brothers
increased their tempo. Each cock fucked alternately,
the cunt and ass hole of Kamala and she moaned loudly,
Ohh Harami! Aapne lund me dam nahi aur badi badi bate
kar raha hai! Dekh tere bete kitne jorse chod rahe
hai. Choopke se dekh aur so ja. Oohhhhh chodo muze!
Fuck me! Aaaahhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhh! Fffuuckkkk! Fuck
me! Ohh my sons! Fuck your mom! See how your dad is
watching! Let him watch!" Shiva got annoyed and kicked
Suresh on his ass. Suresh fell down and tried to get
up but was hit again. Shiva then hit his wife Kamala
and then Shekhar too. 

All the three stopped fucking and then Shekhar made
the first move. He grabbed his father and gave him a
blow on his face. Then he called Suresh and asked him
to hold the father. He took hold of his lungi and tied
his father's hands behind his back. Then he tied his
legs near the feet. The poor father was not able to
move and stood helplessly watching around. Then
Shekhar told his mother, "come on mom! Bite that cock
of my father. Punish him for spoiling the show. Slap
his and beat the hell of him!" Kamala crawled near her
husband and slapped his balls. His balls swayed with
the impact and he cried in pain. Then Kamala took hold
of the two balls and pressed them. 

Rolling them over one another. This made Shiva cry out
in pain and Suresh hit him hard on his face, "don't
cry you bastard! Sale aapni bibi ko chod nahi sakata!
Hijada kahi ka! Chal ma! Sale ke lund ko kha ja! Kat
usko! Bite him eat his lund! Come on mom do this while
we start the unfinished game." Shekhar got below his
mom and pushed his lund in her choot while Suresh
pushed his lund in the ass hole of Kamala and both
started to fuck her simultaneously. Poor Shiva just
stood there helplessly and watched. Kamala took her
husbands cock in her mouth and bit it, rubbing the
cock head in her mouth. Shiva cried out loudly and
begged his wife to stop. 

But she was biting his cock and making him cry out
louder. The two sons were fucking their mom fast and
soon came in her ass hole and cunt. The mother Kamala
shouted as they came and she too had orgasm. The
incestuous trio fell on each other's body with the
mother in between the two sons. The father watched all
this and was crying out loudly. The door to the room
opened and in walked Lata, the only family member left
out. She was in her sleep and had come out to see what
was going on. She could not believe her eyes! There in
front of her were her brothers and mom totally naked
and lying on each others body. Her father was tied up
and stood there helplessly and naked too. 

Lata could not understand what was going on here And
so she called her mother, "MOM what's the matter? Why
are you all fighting and who tied up dad? I don't
understand." What could Kamala say? She was still
panting from the exertion of fucking with her own sons
and she was breathing faster. Shekhar and Suresh heard
their sister too and the situation they were all in.
if Lata was to be left alone they should make it sure
that she will not tell anybody. So they got up, their
cocks still dangling from their body and moving like a
pendulum. 

They went near Lata and asked her to be quite. They
both patted her and asked her to sit near the mother.
Shiva looked at his daughter and said, "Lata! You saw
what was happening! Your mother was fucking with your
brothers. She was fucking both Shekhar and Suresh.
They beat me up and tied me here to watch the dirty
act. Please help me!" Shekhar asked his sister to keep
quite and not to do anything other then what they say.
"Listen sis! Yes we fucked mom! Your father is
drunkard and cant satisfy her and she goes on begging
for any cock available to her. So don't worry darling
sis! Its family matter and your dad deserves what we
did to him. Come here let us all enjoy. Come on Lata.
Do what we tell you. Lets fuck and enjoy in the
family" 

"NO! You all are dirty!! Mom Please tell them to stop!
Ohhh GOD save me! Ohh NO! Please don't make me do
those dirty things! Ohhhh Noooo!" Kamala looked up
from the lustful sleep at her daughter. Her daughter
Lata stood at her feet asking for mercy. Kamala looked
at her daughter and thought of how beautiful she was
and also how her cunt will taste. She did not think of
anything other than sex and she got up and embraced
her daughter, kissing her full on the lips. Lata was
unaware of the intentions of her mother and allowed
her to kiss her. 

Kamala held her daughter tightly in her arms and put
her mouth on her tender lips, kissing her like she was
a man. Both the brothers saw this and kept quite and
knew that their slut mom will make Lata fuck them.
Poor Shiva looked at his wife indulged in incest and
lesbianism. He had never seen two women do it and was
looking at the duo with some interest. His cock, which
was shrunk, started to swell up with the show his wife
was putting up. Kamala's breasts crushed against the
solid and firm breasts of her daughter and Kamala
moaned with the feeling it gave, "Ohhhhhhhh! Come on
son's watch your sisters boobs. See how solid and firm
they are. Come on Shiva! Sale dekh aapne beti ke
mamme! Ohhhh my sweet little girl how nice you have
developed! Come on lets enjoy! Kneel before me and
suck my cunt Lata. Lick my pussy! Show your brothers
and father how two women can enjoy. Ohhh!
Ahhhahhhhhhahhhh! Come onnnnnnnnnn sssuusccccckkk
mmmeeee!" 

Lata was new to this and did not know what to do. Her
own mother was asking her to suck her cunt! She could
not escape all this. Her body was shivering with
something, some sort of pleasure she never felt
before. And instinctively she sat on her knee before
her mother and pushed her mouth in the silky slit. The
pussy hair tickled her nose and chin and she again
shivered. The gown rode up and showed her nicely
shaped thighs and the shape of her well-developed ass.
Both the brothers looked at their sister as she
serviced their mother and their cocks started to grow.
Shiva too was absorbed in looking at them and forgot
that they were his wife and daughter in an incestuous
lust. Since his hands were tied he could not do
anything but watch. 

"Come on daddy! Watch this! See how your lusty wife is
getting her cunt licked by her own daughter.
Ohhhhhhhh! You are having an erection watching this!
See brother our dad's cock! Ohh its small just 5
inches and useless. Come on lets untie him so that he
can suck his own daughter's cunt. How nice it will be
to watch the girl sucking mom's pussy and getting her
own licked by her Dad! Come on dad you want to lick
it! You want to lick your daughter's cunt! Yes come on
do it!" Shekhar said and both the brothers untied
Shiva. Shiva looked help less in the hands of his
grown up sons but shook his head saying no! Suresh
pulled his cock and Shekhar tugged at his balls till
he cried. Both the brothers continued to torture him
by doing this alternately and then Shekhar went behind
his father and pushed his cock in his ass hole. 

His ass hole was dry and the cock could not go in.
Suresh asked his mother to lick his dad's ass hole and
make it wet for him to fuck. The poor mother obliged
and licked her husband's ass hole and wetted it with
saliva. She had a secret desire to see her husband
taking a cock in his ass hole and take revenge on his
poor fucking skills. So Kamala encouraged her son,
Shekhar, to fuck her husband's ass hole. "Yes come on!
Fuck your father's ass. Sala chod ne mein nakam hai!
Dalo aapna mota lund saale ki gand mein! Fuck his
asshole! Ohhhhhh! Suck my pussy Lata! Your tongue
feels so nice! Come on give your pussy to your father.
He will suck it. Ohhh Suresh, make your father suck
the pussy of his daughter! Ohhhh the family is
enjoying!" 

Shiva was terrified and afraid to do anything as his
two sons were more powerful than him so he succumbed
to the attack and Shekhar managed to push his cock
head in his fathers tight ass hole. The ass hole was
dry and he found it difficult to push his cock in, so
he took out his cock and spat on it and on his
father's ass hole too. Then he pushed his cock
mercilessly and Shiva cried out loudly, "No! Remove
your lund son! It pains a lot! Please don't do it! Ohh
I am dying with pain." Kamala enjoyed this and said,
"come on fuck the bastard! Fuck your father. Let him
understand how it feels to have a cock inside! Fuck
the bastard." 

Shekhar did the same and pushed his cock deep in his
father's hole. Lata was watching this and did not know
what to say. But she enjoyed what was going on. Lata
pushed her ass up and said, "Ohhhhhhhh! What a family!
Come on my pussy is itching. Somebody suck on it.
Ohhhhhhhh my mom's cunt is ssoooo sweet! Ohh god! Suck
my cunt! Ohhhhhhhh yesssss!" saying so Lata threw her
gown in the air and got naked like others in the
family. Suresh commanded his father to suck the pussy
of his daughter and kicked him in the stomach. Shiva
stumbled and was about to fall, but the cock in his
ass supported him and he just bent forward to lick his
own daughter. Shiva pushed his tongue up the virgin
snatch and was rewarded with nice gush of pussy honey.
He lapped it and swallowed as much as he could and
pushed his tongue in the slit to take out as much as
he could. Kamala was watching this and was beyond
herself with lust and urged her son, Shekhar to fuck
her asshole. Shekhar was more than willing and went
behind his mother and spread her ass cheeks. 

Lata watched the activity above the cunt she was
lapping and was fascinated by it and her tongue
traveled upwards to lick the shit hole of her mother.
Suresh was now able to push almost all of his 8 inches
in the poor Shiva and was fucking him in earnest while
Shiva licked the slit of his own daughter. Lata saw
her brothers cock nuzzling against the asshole of her
mom, and lovingly moved her tongue on the hard flesh.
Shekhar pushed his cock in his mother's asshole and
started to fuck her. Here was the entire family
fucking and sucking. The father was sucking his
daughter's pussy while getting his asshole banged by
his own son. 

The mother was getting her snatch licked by her
daughter and getting her son's cock up her asshole.
Sounds of moaning and fucking filled the entire room
and it smelled of sex. Kamala moaned loudly and pushed
her cunt on Lata's mouth and took her own boobs in her
hands and started to knead them. Lata sensed her mom's
lust and pushed her tongue deep in her mother's cunt
hole and started to tongue fuck her. Shekhar had his
cock buried deep in his mom's asshole and was fucking
her furiously. Suresh was fucking his dad's asshole
and this made Shiva's cock swell with lust and he was
dying to put it in any damn hole available.
"Oohhhhhhhhhh! My cock is hard! I want some hole to
put it in. Ohhh Please my sons allow me to fuck. Give
me hole to fuck. Ohhhhhhhh! My slut wife is getting
her ass fucked and cunt licked by her own blood and I
am licking my daughter and getting my ass fucked by my
son! Ohhhh Its sin! Ohhhh god! But I love it now!
Please allow me to fuck." 

Both the sons looked at each other and saw their
father's hard cock. They wanted to be good to him now
as he was enjoying all this and so they asked Lata to
spread her legs for her own father. Lata too wanted
something in her hungry cunt and was more than happy
to oblige. She spread her legs and showed her father
her cunt hole, spreading her own cunt with both the
hands. Shiva licked his lips and fell on top of his
daughter. His cock rubbed against Lata's naval and
Lata took it in her hands and placed it on her cunt
hole. Suresh thrust his cock deep in Shiva's ass and
Shiva stumbled forward with his cock going in Lata's
cunt like a bullet in cream. 

Lata cried out loudly, "Ohhh Dad! You are tearing my
cunt. Ohhh slowwwwwwwlllyyyyy! Push it in slowly!
Ooohh Myyy gggooodddd! Oohh Mom! See this. Ohhhhh
dad's cock is in my cunny and he is fucking me!
Ohhhhhh fffuuucckk meeeee! GOD! Aaiiiii!
Oouuccchhhhhh! It pains with pleasure and I love it.
Give me the cock! Ohhhhhhh! Ffucckk me!" Kamala
watched as his husband took the virginity of her
daughter and she was enjoying it. The bitch was made
like her own self, a real whore even at this tender
age. Kamala moved her ass over her son's cock and
fucked him hard. Shekhar could not control himself and
shot his wad deep in his mothers asshole and lay
panting on her back. Suresh too deposited his come in
his father's ass and lay on his back, making his cock
go deep into Lata's pussy. Now all the others were
watching the father and daughter fuck and enjoying the
show. Lata wrapped her legs around her father and took
his cock deep inside her cunt. Shiva was now holding
Lata's firm boobs in his hands and kneading them,
making Lata squirm with pleasure. 

Kamala came near Lata's mouth and sat on her face,
rubbing her come filled ass over her daughter's face
and slowly releasing the come trapped inside. Lata
shot her tongue out to taste the come of her brother
tickling from the ass of her mother. Shiva was fast
comer, and so he couild not hold much longer and shot
his load inside the cunt of his daughter, keeping her
unsatisfied. Lata moved her ass in frustration and
called names to her father, "Ohhhhhhh! Cant you fuck
till I come? You bastard! Leaving me unsatisfied like
my mother. Ohh fuck me somebody! The pig came fast and
I have not come yet! Come on big brothers! Bring those
cocks here and fuck your sisters unsatisfied cunt.
Ohhhhh! MOM! Rub that ass on my face and bathe me in
my brothers come. Ohhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh!" Both the
brothers reached the mother and sister and thrust
their cocks in their hands. Lata caught Suresh's cock
and rubbed it in her palm while Kamala took Shekhar's
cock in her mouth and started sucking it. Lata
imitated her mother and took Suresh's cock in her
mouth and sucked it. 

"Lata a man gets pretty hard if his cock is sucked so
what you did is correct. Suck his cock and move your
tongue over his cock head and on the lower part,
especially, that's the sensitive portion of a cock.
You will learn everything with us. Suck him and make
him hard for your cunt. A woman has to do this and
it's a skill. Come on suck it!" Kamala was teaching
her daughter to please men. Lata did as she was told
and Suresh moaned loudly feeling the tongue of his sis
on the lower side of his cock. Soon both the brothers
were hard and ready to fuck. 

Kamala guided Shekhar's cock in the cunt of her
daughter and asked him to push it deep inside the
tight choot. Lata felt the thick, long cock enter her
tight cunt and felt the difference. This cock was much
thicker and longer than her father's and was harder
too. Lata moved her ass in appreciation and welcomed
his brother the door of her choot. Suresh's cock was
still in the mouth of Lata and he was looking forward
to his turn to fuck his younger sister. Shiva lay
helplessly on the floor, his cock dangling between his
thighs, totally useless for any fucking. Kamala
encouraged the kids to fuck and went to her husband.
She caught the useless cock in her hand and pulled it.


The cock stretched and looked thin like a rope. Kamala
showed the cock to the other family members and asked,
"what to do with this useless cock? Come on tell me
any of you. The cock has troubled me all my life and
never gave any satisfaction. As such its useless for
fucking anybody. You saw your sister crying for more
cock as he fucked her. He is useless cock. I will get
some satisfaction if I humiliate him. Tell me what to
do?" Suresh went to his mother to help her humiliate
his father. He forced his cock in the mouth of Shiva
and asked him to suck it. 

Kamala slapped him hard, forcing him to open his mouth
to swallow his sons cock. Suresh's cock forced its way
in the throat of the poor father and he gagged. Kamala
clapped her hands and asked Suresh to choke his throat
so that his breathing will stop. Poor Shiva struggled
for air and fought with all his power. Suresh's cock
came out of his mouth and Shiva fell on the floor,
breathing very fast. Now Kamala kicked the poor fellow
again and then sat on his mouth. She spread her cunt
lips and let out stream of piss that fell directly on
his face. Suresh came near his mother and asked her to
spit on his father. Kamala spat on him many times and
Suresh took his fathers hand and spread all the spit
on the chest. Lata was taking Shekhar's cock easily in
her cunt and both were fucking in earnest. 

They watched the humiliation of their father and were
happy to see it. This excited them to climax and both
of them came together. Suresh ran to his sister and
pushed his cock in the come filled hole. As his cock
entered the cunt of Lata, it pushed out his brother's
come. Kamala had finished pissing on her husband and
dragged him to Lata's cunt and forced him to lick his
son's come out of his daughter's pussy. Suresh
continued fucking Lata as more and more of the come
trickled out for his father to eat. Shekhar's cock had
shrunk and he wanted to piss urgently after he had
come so he aimed his piss on his father's mouth and
let out the yellow flow. His father had to swallow it
too and he swallowed as much as he could and the rest
bathed his body, coating it with thin layer of piss.
Suresh fucked Lata and watched the father's
humiliation too. And both came and then pissed on the
poor father.  

