LETTER FROM A STRICT MOM (II) - THE SEAT OF LEARNING

BY MAX SMART

Part 4

For answer, Dave reached to a little control panel that was
mounted on the reader pedestal. He flicked a switch. Nancy gave a
surprised grunt, although one couldn't tell by looking what was
happening to her.

"Owwww! Daddy, it hurts! Oh! Ooooh! Stop it!" Nancy yelled.

"Don't worry, dear, you'll get used to it. It's just to make you
more secure." I attempted to console the poor thing.

I knew what had happened. The dildo was designed so that with the
flick of a switch the part of it that was just above the
sphincter muscle would expand slowly to about an inch and a half
in diameter. The purpose was to further secure the hips of the
"trainee". Nancy found out about this right away, because she
tried to pull herself up off the suddenly quite uncomfortable
item inside of her. She appeared horrified to realize how stuck
she was and by what part of her body!

Dave now began to strap Nancy's legs to the chair at the thighs
and ankles - fixing them so that they were spread even a little
further apart than she already had them, while she whimpered and
moaned in fearful anticipation. Nancy knew enough to be sure that
The Seat Of Learning was going to be at the very least an
uncomfortable experience for her. In a couple more minutes her
legs, in their cute costume of shiny black shoes an white socks,
were secured to the chair legs and her arms to the chair back.
Dave seemed to take special care in pulling Nancy's arms back as
far as they would go before securing them, so that Nancy's pretty
young breasts would stick out.

"Ohhh! What a-a-are you going t-t-to do to me? Please tell me!"
came the heartfelt plea.

No answer was forthcoming, except that Dave now knelt between
Nancy's legs and fiddled with the front of the chair seat. A
catch was loosened and Dave pulled out a rectangular section of
the chair seat and set it aside. This left a gap about three
inches wide running from the center of the front edge of the seat
to well under Nancy's crotch. One effect of this was that her
cunt was now hanging over empty space. It was also more clearly
seen that this delicate organ was pouting a bit, due to the
spread of Nancy's thighs, and exposing some of its pink,
glistening inner tissues to whatever ministrations the cruel
world chose to subject them to.

Since Nancy's big breasts prevented her from seeing the results
of this very clearly, Timmy thoughtfully grabbed each nipple and
pulled apart Nancy's breasts. "Here, Nancy, have a look!" he
exulted. She gasped as she looked down at her plump hairless
pussy and the empty spaces underneath it.

****

This is probably the best time to tell about how *I* was
introduced to the Seat Of Learning about one week previous and
how I helped Dave perfect it.

One day, after having spent many evenings in his workshop, Dave
said he wanted to show me something and led me into the workshop.
First Dave had me look at the seat of the chair. I saw nothing
unusual - a fairly flat wooden chair seat with a cloth "skirt".
Then he reached down and pulled a rectangular section out of the
seat, about three inches wide and running front the middle of the
seat-front back to a little past the very center of the seat. I
was mystified, but excited at the same time. Clearly if someone
were to sit on the chair after this slat had been removed his or
her genitals would be hanging over empty space, although I had
very little idea of what the implications of this might be.

Dave asked me if I would care to have a seat. I was a bit
hesitant, but decided to go along with it and started to sit in
the chair. He stopped me, and had me lift up my skirt and then
sit down so that my underpants were resting on the chair seat
(and my lightly covered pussy was, like I had thought, hanging
out over the space left by the removed slat).

Dave gave me my bunched up skirt to hold onto and said, "Spread
your legs, dear. A little farther. Good." My legs were spread
about as far as they could go, hanging over either edge of the
chair. Dave fastened each thigh to the side of the chair with
straps that I hadn't noticed before. Then he fastened each ankle
to the bottom of each front chair leg. I began to feel a bit
nervous.

Then Dave rearranged my skirt so that I looked quite proper
again. Only the ankle straps could be seen.

Next, he swung the "book holder" in front of me and raised it so
that it was right in front of, and very close to my face. I
noticed that it was not really a book holder, but... something
else. In front of my eyes was some kind of a multiple choice test
on what looked to be about a 2 foot by 2 foot piece of paper that
was fitted into sliders. At the top of the test the title read
"Biology, Week 6". Each question had five answers to choose from,
with a little circle for each answer. However, these circles were
actually holes in the page, and they actually fit directly over
matching holes in the underlying material of the "holder". I
looked into one of these holes, it seem to have metal sides and
to be about a quarter of an inch deep.

Dave then pulled both arms behind the chair and attached my
wrists to straps that had apparently been lurking there.

"Here's your `pencil', darling." said Dave, handing me a
pencil-like or pen-like object that had a wire coming out of its
side. The wire went straight up to a bar I also hadn't noticed
which led back into the pedestal holding the "book holder".
Instead of a lead or a ball-point, the pen appeared to have a
simple metal point. The other end was simply smooth, round
plastic. I was clearly meant to take the round end in my mouth,
which I did.

"Now, dear, the test is about to begin. When I start it, with
this little switch, a little light will turn on by the first
question. You will then have 30 seconds to read the question and
push your pen into the hole next to the correct answer. If you
miss that, there will be a penalty, and you'll then have ten
seconds to try again. If you miss that, there will be another
penalty, a bit stronger one. You'll then have ten more seconds
for one more try, which, if you miss it, will result in a quite
stronger penalty. As soon as you either answer a question
correctly or exhaust your three tries, the focus will shift to
the next question, and you will start again with thirty seconds.
Good luck."

I wanted to say, "But wait, I'm not ready!" but I couldn't
because of the pen in my mouth. Dave flipped the switch, and the
"holder" adjusted itself so that the first question was right in
front of my eyes and the five answer holes were within easy reach
of the pen in my mouth. I read the question.

"The author of "On the Origin of Species" was: a) Isaac Newton b)
Gregor Mendel c) Charles Darwin d) Michael Jackson e) Madame
Curie

My mind went blank. I guessed and pushed the pen-point into the
hole by letter "a". I felt something smack into my pussy, causing
an intense, sharp, sting. I screamed in surprise and the pen fell
out of my mouth. Apparently, Dave had thought this out, because
the pen was hanging from the wire just below my chin. I was able
to grab it with my teeth in a couple of seconds. I knew I had
little time left and in a panic I picked "d".

Splat! Again my pussy felt something smack into it, but this time
it was much harder. It hurt like the dickens! I yelled through my
teeth, but somehow managed to hold onto the pen. The burning pain
in my cunt made it hard for me to focus my eyes, but I managed to
poke randomly - with a stroke of luck, I picked "c". My relief
when I realized I was not going to get another "penalty" was deep
and heartfelt.

I thought to myself, "My God! What would the next one have been
like?" Then I noticed that the "holder" was moving the next
question into place. I dropped the pen and begged, "Dave, please,
stop! I've had enough!"

Dave reached behind the holder and flipped the switch. The lights
went dim. I was shaking and my poor pussy was throbbing!

Dave began undoing my straps. He said, "Well, what do you think,
my dear."

Through a haze, I managed to say, "It's very... effective."

"What do you think of the calibration? That is, are the strokes
too hard, or too soft for maximum educational benefit?"

"I-I think... I think they're... well, maybe a little on the hard
side, darling." I managed to say as the throbbing in my pussy
continued, "Certainly we don't want to err on the side of
laxness..., but we d-don't want to b-bruise Nancy's poor thing
too badly." Gradually I was coming back to normal as the pain
subsided to a dull throb. I began to get excited about the
thought of Nancy sitting in the same spot I had been sitting in.

Dave seemed thoughtful. "Hmm, yes, you're right..."

"Let me see what was whacking me!" I requested as I rose
awkwardly from the torture chair.

Dave pulled the cloth skirt from the chair - it was held on by
velcro! Underneath the seat of the chair, bolted to the legs, was
what appeared to be a light leather strap attached to a short
metal arm on an electric motor. The strap was about 2 inches
wide. So that was the object to which I owed my smarting puss!

"It has three speeds..." Dave began.

"That, I figured."

"They can be calibrated - I'll need your help to get it right."

"That's asking a lot, but I-I'll do it for the sake of Nancy's
future."

Dave expanded a bit more on his concept. The "subject" could be
completely clothed - as I was - so the "sessions" could take
place in a "normal" family setting, in the den for example. Dad
could be reading the New York Times in his arm chair. Timmy could
be playing "Doom" on the computer. I could be reading the latest
Danielle Steele novel. The "subject" would look like a normal
schoolgirl doing her studies. OK, I admit that the fact that her
hands would be tied behind her back and that she would be holding
a pen with her teeth might look a bit odd, but other than that
everything would appear normal.

Of course if the "subject" wasn't doing very well on the test,
the *sounds* in the room would be anything but normal - a lot of
snapping and a lot of squealing, along with perhaps some weeping
and some pleading. Hopefully all of that would die down over a
few weeks as the "subject" became more adept in her studies.

It took a few days - the calibration that is. I could only take a
little bit at a time. We mostly used the slowest of the three
speeds -varying it up and down - to save wear and tear on my
little honey box. Dave had what I thought was a very useful
suggestion. He noted that our goal was "maximum aversion" with
"minimum injury". He noted that a stroke that causes "x" amount
of pain through fabric and other impediments must be at a faster
speed than if the impediments weren't there. For example, compare
a stroke (stroke A)given to a target covered with 1) cotton
panties and 2) a luxuriant growth of curly hair with a stroke
(stroke B) given to an uncovered, completely bald target. If the
strokes are set so that they cause an "equivalent" amount of
pain, then stroke A must be stronger, or at a faster speed, than
stroke B. But there will be another difference - the type of
effect on the target. Stroke A, being harder and not hitting
naked skin, will tend to have a "deeper", more bruising effect
than stroke B, which will do more of its work on the surface of
the target - producing more of a sting, but less likelihood of
any long lasting effect. We agreed that the latter effect was
what we were after.

The result of these meditations? We decided that Nancy would not
be wearing either panties or hair on her pussy when she was in
one of her "educational sessions". She could of course be dressed
completely normally otherwise. This decision was made completely
for Nancy's benefit of course, as were all of our efforts in this
project!

All of these factors were included in doing our calibrations,
including the fact that Nancy had an unusually plump and springy
cunt, which was thus less susceptible to injury than mine. This
fact allowed us to calibrate the speed upward a touch or two.
Factoring in the fact that Nancy was younger and in general more
robust than me allowed another notch upward. In addition, once we
had come to what we thought was the optimal set of speeds, we
notched them up a little bit more - so that we could be as sure
as possible of the effectiveness of the treatment. We figured
that we could always keep a close eye on the target area during
Nancy's initial session to make sure that things weren't going
too far.

This last requirement - being able to keep an eye on the "target
area" - was what led us to decide that Nancy's first session
would be in the nude. Yes, it's true that, strictly speaking, she
only had to be naked from the waist down for us to have the view
we needed. I suppose it was mostly considerations of aesthetics
and symmetry that decreed that Nancy would be bare on top as well
as on bottom. Another factor, actually, was that we felt that
anything that added to the "aversive" quality of this first
session would add to the "short, sharp shock" to quickly get
Nancy going in the right direction. Certainly being naked in
front of her dad and her hated younger brother would qualify!

Interestingly, after all of our work we ended up with a
calibration which was just a notch or two below the original
settings that I had found so "effective". We also experimented
with the quality of the leather in the strap and decided on a
thinner, lighter, smoother grade calculated to produce the
greatest surface sting with the minimum of bruising and abrading.

During our testing we noticed that even though my legs were
pretty securely attached to the chair, I could still move my
bottom about a little - to the side, up and down, and even
forward or back, and thus partially move my pussy out of the
direct line of fire.. In order to have maximum effect, it was
important that the strap and the "target" be properly aligned. We
wanted the very tip of the strap, the fastest moving part of it,
to connect right over the "subject's" clitoris. Obviously one
couldn't have the subject moving the target area about very much.

Dave was equal to the task, and showed me his solution the very
next day. The chair didn't exactly look normal anymore, for
protruding upwards from the seat, at a strategic spot, was what
appeared to be a longish, thin anal dildo. Again I was asked to
"test it out". I agreed, but with some hesitation I must say.
Dave thoroughly coated the object with vaseline and I after
having removed my panties, and hoisted my skirt, very gingerly
sat down, slowly impaling myself. Since the dildo was thin, it
actually wasn't very difficult or painful.

As soon as I was completely seated, Dave said, "Comfy?" And
before I could answer he flipped another of his infernal
switches. To my amazement, I could feel the thing inside my rear
expand, not to the point of pain, but it was suddenly fairly
uncomfortable.

"The size increase ensures that you stay put." said my helpful
husband, "Try getting up."

