Chapter 5

Dana was shaking his shoulder and he slowly came too. It was dark and the breeze coming in the window was nice and cool. I assume you heard from Carlton?

Yes he said they would start in just fifteen minutes. That was just three minutes ago.

He got up and washed his face and dressed. Is everyone else in bed?

All but your shadow. She is in the office waiting for you and said she will sleep on the couch if she got too tired.

The young lady is good company and I enjoy having her around when the stress is high on me. She keeps reminding me of the people I am ultimately protecting. Just watching her sleep keeps that in my mind. He hugged Dana and headed to his office. 

Kelly had the plasma screens set up to play the feeds from the satellites and they were also being recorded in the computer room here. John had a bank of eight plasma screens on the wall. They were 52 and high definition. 

Is the Emperor going to watch this?

He is suppose to and I will call him and check later. I want him to know he is being protected and just how far we will go to do that.

What are you going to do when things start not working?

I have one hundred and sixty men now working on a shuttle that will take off and land here. It will have a large empty bay to take satellites up and bring some back for repairs. We will not use rockets to send it up or bring it back. We are using the old VASIMR project to start building our engines. It runs on hydrogen gas and we have a lot of that.

She wondered how this could be possible? I dont see how we could build something that advanced here?

We have the people and dont have others standing in their way. The question was never could the USA do this, but it was how could funding be arranged for it. We dont have that problem here with no public give aways and the corporation does have the money to fund it.

Where did we get the scientists from?

When the guys were leaving the states they got smart and offered many NASA scientists and their families a chance to come with them.

So now we have a space lab? That was something Kelly has missed some way.

A very good one and without any financial problems and where they get to built it all themselves. If they can build one at one tenth the size of the final ship and it works. Then Ill finance the full size ship and if that works they will build several of them. Being able to use a runway, magnetic propulsion or a new technology  without a launch pad and explosive gasses makes a big difference.

Just as he finished that comment a large explosion came on one screen. It was very bright and he guessed it was rocket fuel? He also saw one beam boring down into the ground on another screen and knew it had to be the storage site for nuclear weapons. That was going to be a very hot area for years to come. Once a few were cut open they would irradiate the rest to where no one could get near them.

The docks could be seen and the many ships that were in different stages of being cut in half. Dry dock areas were also being destroyed. If it was a Navy ship it would be lost. It was like an army of ants attacking this area.

Finally John saw Riko looking in the room. Come on little one your always welcome here.

The smile was a million watt one and she ran in and jumped up on Johns lap. I thank you for letting me be here also. Mother said not to bother you as what was happening was important to Japan as well as here.

If mother says anything tell her I invited you to come in. That is the truth and she will know it. But never fear my being mad at you, for coming to see me or spend time with me. That will never make me angry.

The child hugged him and held on tightly. I thank you so much as I have never always been welcome anyplace.

Kelly heard all of this and enjoyed her dads way of handling the girl. I have been in the same position Riko and John has always been true to his word. Here you will always be welcome no matter what he is doing or who is here.

But I cannot interrupt him here.

Little one youre no interruption to me at all. If the Emperor was here your welcome to come in and sit on my lap and listen. This is our world and we make the rules.

They watched the work being done by the satellites for well over five hours. Finally the two girls went to the couch and curled up and went to sleep. Kelly was holding Riko and they looked so cute. 

John started typing in the major damage he had seen. Then sent and e-mail to the old man in Moscow with this attached. He would get out the places attacked and it would add credibility to the reports. This e-mail and list was printed for David and Carlton to read. 

The Emperor was watching and picked up on the first ring. What you have done John we could never have survived. China will be badly crippled for some time to come.

Dont over estimate the damage it can almost all be repaired with money and some time. But Russia leaked the attack and now are claiming victories at many of the locations hit in the attacks. We know that the signals department from the Chinese Moscow embassy has been burning up with traffic since the announcement last night. So they will not be looking at you or us.

What do you expect them to do?

They will move their troops to the Russian and Chinese border. For the next year or so they will have many small battles with Russia. They will be trying to take the vast wealth the Russians have from them. It has been something they have wanted for a long time now.

What wealth do they really have other than some oil and gas?

Gold, gemstones, many type of ore deposits that are so large they would need no other suppliers.

They have that kind of wealth and never developed it?

Many companies in Japan did a lot of the ground work for finding exactly what they had. But to develop it that would have cost trillions of yen, euros, dollars or pounds they did not have. So they just did nothing and left it in the ground. They did not want to have an outside company making money from their resources. That was when they started taking over the gas and oil business. It would one day finance the other minerals extraction. But Putin was not interested in outsider having any control inside Russia.

What do you see happening to that area of land?

It well could become a waste land. Covered with nuclear residue and never be able to be used.

Then where would the world find new minerals for our needs?

In the oceans where there are more than man could use in thousands of years. We just must learn how to protect humans at the depths we would have to work. Learn to build new robotic tools and how to make them useful to us.

Those are wise words John. I will start my technology people looking for ways to mine underwater. We need to know what type equipment is needed and what types of control areas.

Remember there is also oil and gas deep underwater. So drilling and pumping it to areas where it can be recovered is something to consider. He knew here he had said enough.

But that would cut you out of the profits you now make.

I dont need those profits and am reinvesting them in other things. Understand your first priority is always food. People who are hungry cannot be government by any means. Then comes shelter and clothing. Once those are met it is easy to govern most people. You don't have the media the US did to stop your ability to direct your country I did. But the Internet is one more tool that can be badly used to cause political problems. You will find that education and jobs become the next priority for them. Money as long as basic needs are met is far down the list.

Where do you get this information from?

I minored in psychology and have followed much of it for many years. It always helps if you have an idea of what your opponent is thinking and how they might react?

The man laughed and it must have been the first time in years, as it was very soft and almost forced. I see youre a worthy opponent when you do battle.

That I dont know about as I do, what I do for my peoples safety. Placing them at risk is not an option I have. My job is to protect them and keep their families safe.

But you took risks here when you came.

I risked my wife and Hidekis safety for that. The military with them were volunteers and none were asked to go without knowing the risk they took. I was fair to them all and each had the chance to say no without it hurting their job security.

This was not like in Japan and he needed to learn what could be applied. Here for anyone to say no to him would bring death. That had existed for thousands of years now. So he would listen to John and question him. Then consider if the idea could be used here and how to insert it?

I know you dont think things like this will work there. But surprisingly they will with almost no difference. It all depends on honesty and honor. Honesty was not part of your culture, but honor was.

You read my mind and cannot even see me?

I did not read your mind. I do know your culture and the fact that people can change is not part of that. So just accept that is fact and go from there and things will work better for you.

The connection was broken and John knew he had one confused man. This would not be a fast change, but it should slowly come into being. John spent time considering the many events of the past few hours.

Kendra brought in breakfast and smiled at his two girls on the couch. I see your shadows are with you this morning?

Yes the two have been up most of the night with me. They have only had about three hours sleep now. But some food and sending them to their beds seems like a good idea. I will get a nap later myself and that should help me.

Kendra set up the table and brought in more food for the girls. John woke them and they slowly got to the table and ate looking starved. As they got food in them they did become more active. 

How much longer did the attack keep going after we fell asleep? Kelly wanted to know how much she missed?

Just a couple of hours and it was mostly clean up actions. You saw all the major events and a lot of the secondary ones. You did miss my call to the Emperor and his shock at our abilities.

Riko looked up and smiled. He will learn to trust your thinking some day. He is just like our old Emperors in that is does not see out in front of himself.

John knew Riko had been reading a lot about the old Japanese history. She was seeing things like her mother did well out in front of her. So he just stored her observations for the future.

Dana walked into his office and smiled. It looks like you had a party last night.

John said I was always welcome in here. Riko quickly answered.

Sugar he always means exactly what he says. You never have to guess is this time different from the last? It will always be the same and you can count on that.

Riko beamed at Dana. Thank you for letting me enjoy him. It is so nice to have a man I trust and love. I would love to have had him for a daddy. But Kelly got there first. The child looked really sad now.

Not to worry Riko I am sure he will take another daughter. You have to understand Leigh Anne is a daughter, but not by birth. She is a step daughter.

Really? He treats her just as nice as he does Kelly.

His girls are all treated that nice. Now I am sure your mother would have to approve of his becoming a father to you in law. But no matter what she says you will always be his girl. Dana hoped this helped Riko handle her need? She well knew how deeply Kelly ached for a father to love her.

Riko after eating came around and sat on Johns lap. She looked up at him and just looked deeply into his eyes. It felt like she was walking around in his head. Thank you for saying that John. 

Kelly just had to ask? What did he say as I heard nothing.

It was just in his thoughts and he said he loved me and meant it.

Now Kelly smiled at John and knew this girl connected to him at a new level that she had just started to reach. Non-verbal communications worked for both of them. Kelly had only found that after they moved here. She would see if her new sister and she could also talk that way?

John stepped in here and looked at his two weary looking children. Off to bed after a nice hot shower for both of you. When you wake you can come see if I am ready to get up.

Dana had sat down and was drinking coffee from Johns pot. You know Riko has the same needs Kelly did. I am sure Kana does not see them or just ignores them as she had no father either.

My dear you and Kana with Kelly and Riko are copies of each other. You both had the same bad times in different worlds and were both smart beyond others around you. Kanas and Rikos gifts are different from yours and Kellys. But between the two of you your very formidable ladies, with gifted children.

Dana had not seen it this way, but it did make a lot of sense. The twos lives were very much alike and yet in different countries and cultures. Kelly and Riko were both very gifted girls. I see your point and will see how the two of us could combine to make life stronger for each. Here the culture is going to hurt how open Kana will be with me?

Not really as I have asked you to sit with her and see how best to accommodate each other. It is for everyones good and not for any one person. Just be sure she knows what I am asking for and expecting from both of you. If she has questions she may come to me and discuss them. This is within the Emperors orders to her before she left.

John always had the way to clear the path.

As Dana left David and Carlton came in to the office. Well boss things went even better than we expected. We did take out every satellite the Chinese had in space and it will be two years at best before they can launch more into space. The troops heading to the border with Vietnam are now headed to the Russian border. The nuclear site is so contaminated they will take a couple hundred thousand years before going in there. It seems they had a few normal bombs stored there that went off. They do not now have a navy and Russia is sending ships down to keep them from building one. The Russian's are including an aircraft carrier with their fleet.

So Russia is now at war with China?

Not a declared one, but a war just the same. I have a couple of satellites over the border area and watching them. If Russia sets up a launch we will stop it from their spaceport. ICBM and intermediate missiles will be shot down on both sides. There is little we can do with short range or cruise missiles. But both sides have nuclear field gun shells and small bombs for use with aircraft. We both expect those could be used.

 If this get into a nuclear war it must be stopped at once by any means required. I am not talking about one or two bombs I am saying a complete destruction syndrome on both sides. If they start targeting civilians we must end this. If it means destroying their seat of government so be it. As long as politicians and military types want to fight let them wear each other down. If they start to hurt the civilians then take them out. John was willing to make the call required here.

We hear you and will act in the civilians best interest. It will means some close calls where we may error on the side of safety.

It is better to act that way than allow hundreds to die that were never involved.

The discussion got into the how and where the lines were drawn. They also covered Johns guild lines for each type engagement. This was all formally documented and given to each man signed by John. As long as they stayed within the guild lines there was no problem at all. If things changed they needed to get with John fast. The system worked and well for the most part. John stayed out of their hair and just got involved when things changed. Those times required that new decisions be made.

Once this all was final they left and John considered what he had opened up. Was it a sore or a bleeding ulcer? He knew the feelings ran deep between Russia and China, but just how deep? The losses between military groups did not worry him right now. But losses to civilian populations did. This was not the easy solution it had appeared to be. If things got out of hand it could contaminate a lot of the world with fall out.

They had the two most aggressive countries now fighting each other. Would they show any common sense or not? Time would answer that, but there was the worry they simply did not care?

The old man from the KBG called finally. Did you really do that much damage to the Chinese?

Now if you mean was their military hurt badly, it was to some degree. They no longer have a navy or most of their nuclear weapons. If you get too active and start to use nuclear weapons I will also take out your side. So here balance is critical for both you and China. It is only if either side tries to go nuclear I will really hurt them badly. If you or China don't go nuclear then I will do nothing to help either side.

How could you possible hurt us?

The food youre eating now comes from the oil and gas your able to trade for it. So if you had no oil or gas production then you would get no food in trade. Some few minerals are still needed and the mines producing them bring in food as well. So damage to the equipment where it could not be fixed would stop production for months. Stopping your gas would also cut your electric production. I could take out your nuclear power plants and make them so no one could enter them, for hundreds of thousands of years.

I see you have considered what steps you might have to take.

Oh yes and I also have control of all your satellites that were loaded with nuclear bombs. Your military no longer has the ability to communicate with them. We have completely reprogrammed them and encrypted that.

The man laughed and knew his country was held captive by John. Youre a much smarter man that I gave you credit for. But you have given me what I bargained for with you. You do know they have more to launch if needed?

They will never leave the pad and that will be the last missile that ever tries to take off from there. I really hope they are stupid enough to try that. That could irradiate the entire launch site.

The man could hear the coldness in Johns voice. Why are you so mad at my people?

I am not mad at the people at all, just the leaders who never lead. Men who want power and never do one good thing for the people. It is them I detest and will see them fall from power. If you do get power once more and misuse it you will go the same way. Your job is to work for the people and make their lives better. Not to enrich yourself and make yours and your friends lives better.

I hear what youre telling me and would agree. Also I agree that we need other countries industries to develop our wealth of minerals. But you need to be the court for deciding if governments have been unfair.

No earth power will ever be back in space again. I am removing many satellites that are no longer working. We will control that one area and stop the arms race out there. Understand at your May Day parade I could easily fry you, standing on the balcony looking over it. Not one other person would be hurt.

I will not cross you John.

I will not trust you to live up to that Ivan. So every time you make a bad step be looking over your shoulder. If you prove you can be trusted then I will start to have some for you. John ended the call at this point.

It was now after eleven and he was really tired. He headed off to his bathroom for a hot shower and then to bed for a nice nap. If he got three to four hours he would be in good shape for tonight. By 10 or 11 he would be sleepy once more. His body functioned on six to seven hours sleep and did well.

Dana saw him heading to the bedroom and followed him. She waited for him to shower and come to bed. Then she started massaging him on the neck, shoulders and back. She knew this would drop him off to a deep solid sleep. It really took no time to get him fully asleep and resting nicely.

Kana and Dana were off now to see another shrine Kelly had already photographed for the book. Kana had been very quiet today not agreeing or disagreeing with Johns request. But not talking with Dana as they needed to for them to be successful. Kana was sure she had some power here and did not have to follow Johns request. She was angry he had given her old home back to her. He had no right to interfere in her life. 

Dana did not change her personality at all. She showed Kana many things she knew she had never seen before. But nothing seemed to register with her. It was almost a sure bet Kana and John would clash tonight. Here she knew Kana would lose big and at a very bad cost to her. John would not accept her if she was going to fight his requests.

The afternoon passed and she was glad to be heading back to their home. Kana was still not taking and you could see a slow boil happening. This was not good especially today with John being up last night. He was not going to be in a mood for being reasonable with someone completely unreasonable.

Once home Kana left her and headed for Johns office. 

He had gotten up and showed and was feeling much better now. Kelly and Riko were sitting at his conference table drawing.

Just who do you think you are ordering me to do anything?

John looked at the woman and saw her anger and the decision to fight. First of all I asked and did not order. Second I am in no mood for a bunch of crap from you. So sit your ass down and listen well. You will be out of here in less than one hours time.  Unless Riko wishes to go with you she will stay here. You can go back to your old home and will get a small allowance for food and small needs. I have set that home up so it cannot be sold without Rikos signature. You can shack up with any man or woman you would like to. Youre not going to live here in my home and treat me with no respect. Get packed and there will be a driver to take you to the ship in the harbor.

Kana was shocked and knew she had screwed up. I am sorry for blowing up.

Fine think about that while your at home and trying to survive. Here your time is over, as I had big plans for you with Dana to accomplish much for humans. Your desire is just like most of your peoples and that is small and narrow. You don't know how to give and not expect a return. You and your self pity just sicken me.

Kana left the room with tears running down her face. He had been right she was small and did not care about others. She just had never known anyone as strong as he was. No one could run over him and survive that. That for sure was not true of her uncle the Emperor. 

A knock came at her door and she saw Riko looking angry. I knew you were going to screw this up and saw today coming. As much as you hate me and resent my birth, I am not going with you to be abused like in my past. So this is good bye mother. Riko left without another word.

Jackson showed up and started having the bags carried to the car. We need to move quickly as the ship sails in just over one hour. You will not be allowed out of your cabin, so dont plan on jumping into the sea. John has said we will deliver you to your uncles guards at the dock in Tokyo. At that point his commitment has been met to your uncle. To John his word is as good as gold, he would never break his word to anyone. I am sure you were not raised that way as most were not.

She finished her packing and was shocked at how much John had bought her. This was no small amount of clothing and other things a woman liked. But much of this could not be worn during fall, winter and early spring in Tokyo. Here it was always warm and nice. Home would not be that way at all. Then it hit home, just what she was leaving here.

They walked down the hall to the elevator and she hoped John might stop them from going. That she knew was wishful thinking.

Once at the dock she was escorted to a cabin and her bags placed inside. Then the door was locked and only the captain had the key. The ship was an oil tanker and it was filled riding low in the water. She heard the calls out on the deck and machinery being operated. It seemed like just minutes and she could feel movement and the engines sounds. Looking out the porthole she could see the city lights of the town moving by her. 

Finally she went to the bed and just curled up and fell asleep. The days exhaustion just finally knocked her out. She woke with her door being opened and a cart pushed in by a crewmember. The captain stood at the door and just watched her. The man left and the captain locked the door once more. 

Kana ate and saw a book placed on her table. It was a copy of a very old religious writing she had never seen before. She assumed John had sent it for her to read and understand. But once she started reading it she knew it was not John who sent it and wondered who did? Now her shame was increased even more. For it told of a woman just like she was and what it took to save that woman. That was giving her entire being to others to help them and anyway she could.

Her reading of the book twice that day did not solve her problem. She knew what she had to do, but did not know what she had to do it with? That would have to wait until she got home. Everything cost money in Tokyo and she knew there would be a very small food allowance, as John had said. But she would need some electric power and charcoal for warming the bath and cooking. She would have to start a garden once more for food to make the money last. She hoped her tools were still there for her garden? Replacing things would be hard. Her hope that greenhouse still stood now was a prayer. Food production in winter was impossible without one.

The next day she was woken by the man rolling another cart into her room and the captain once more at the door. She got up and washed and sat to eat another meal. They always brought enough food for the entire day each time. This time the book was on mans spirit and its abilities. Never before had she seen anything like this or read something close to it. It explained in detail how mans spirit was to be used for the good of all.

She still did not know who had provided this wealth of information to her? But she made her mind up to use this knowledge for all who wished help. She now read both books each day so she would start to memorize them. 

The last day at sea she was given one more book with the cart. It was called the book of life. It spelled out what life would return for those who gave freely. There were no big promises or riches to be gained here. But peace and harmony were within reach if you followed the path to light.

She sat and thought about this. To her view John walked that path in everything he did and for him it was natural. It would become natural for her as well.

That last morning she was up before the cart was rolled into her room. This time there was a letter on her table. She opened it with great trepidation. It as expected was from John. 

You can thank or hate Hidehi for the books and learning you either got or dismissed. If you got it and the lesson stuck, then what happened was worth pain? Remember the only thing you own of value is your word. So that must be treated like the gold it really is. If people can count on your word you will be respected and loved by many. Money has little worth unless used for others good. Then it must be used sparingly.

Enclosed inside was a large stack of yen. And the note went on. You will need warm clothing and to set things up at your home. Your greenhouse is working and the tools for the garden are there. There is seed and charcoal for your bath and cooking. Good luck on your trip into the service of man and learn well. May the Gods be with you in all you do.

For some reason this note just thrilled her. He had taken her to task like he would a spoiled child. Then shown her love by giving her a way to atone. Her spirit grew and she became stronger as a human. 

As she left the ship the Emperors guards picked her up. She knew not to expect him to come so she handed the guard a note addressed to him. She was tired of the lie he had invented and she had lived. So it addressed him as father and spelled out her new life and the direction she was taking. It asked for nothing but to be left alone to follow her path to the light of peace and harmony.

This she was sure would turn his world upside down. He had felt the facts covered so well it would never be found out. Now she offered him proof of the fact she had stated in her note. It was her DNA and his DNA comparison. In a country where science was the king of proof he just could not argue that.

That morning John came in to eat breakfast with the family. Riko your mother is safely home and finally has told her father she knows.

Riko looked blank and she just did not understand. Knows what John?

Her father was the Emperor and not his brother who died years ago. She had DNA tests run here for hers and his. They proved without any doubt he was her father.

At least I know why she was so explosive now. Man she was angry and I was so happy I was here and you were protecting me. I have been the one who took all her anger before. She hated how I was force on her and made me pay a price for that sin.

Im sure she does no hate you little one. She may hate what happened but not the result.

I dont like to say this, but she has told me she hated me. Because of me her life was ruined. So understand John I never want to go back or be with her again. Youre my daddy and I belong here with you. This is the only place I have felt wanted and loved.

Both Kelly and Dana smiled at this. Kelly knew her need and she was happy to share John with her. This seven year old would be lost without John's steady hand. 

Little one as long as your willing to share me with Kelly, the twins and Leigh Anne your always welcome here. I was going to wait for this, but now is as good a time as any.

He reached into the inside pocket of his jacket and handed her and envelope. She opened it fast and was yelling and jumping up and down. The papers she gave to Kelly and that brought a smile to her face. We are both adopted daughters and it is legal for both of us.

Dana was quick to step in here. Then I say we need a party tonight to celebrate that. But Riko if John is your legal daddy I am your legal mother. So now you have two people who love you and care about you.

The child ran to Dana and hugged her also. I did not expect to get a new mommy too. This is such a beautiful day in my life.

Dana winked at John who was smiling now with the girls. It might be nice John if we all went out to dinner tonight to celebrate our new daughter. The restaurant down on the bay might be a nice place to do that.

That got both girls going as neither had been out to dinner here. Eating and watching the bay would be a nice way to do something different. Let Jackson know what our plans are for tonight. Ask if he, Pam and Rhonda would like to join us?

After breakfast and the excitement he headed off to the science hanger. The meeting was to understand Johns vision of how he wanted to use space.

He walked into the hanger and saw it was set up to address the people. It was not set up for discussion. He called Carlton over and told him this just would not work. Set up a meeting room or bring tables and chairs out here. 

Quickly a meeting room was found that could hold them all and the meeting was moved there. It was a little filled up right now. He had a couple hundred people here to talk with.

Once everyone was settled John stood and looked over this group. First of all I am not here to tell you how to do your job. You left that with the politicians you left behind. Second I will not tell you how to reach your goals and will do my best to get you what you need. The applause was loud and long.

Now what part do I play? I am the moneyman and the one who will find the things needed when they dont seem to be available. Also I will tell you what I want to do in space. Then you tell me how we can do that? But look for the best way and not just the cheapest one. 

John looked at these people and hoped he had the one bright star he needed? Now I want a shuttle that can take off here on our runways or on a magnetic rail and fly into space. It must be able to deliver a payload of a satellite and place it in orbit or pick one up for repairs here or refueling in space. Build me one small test unit and then we will go full size and test it. We all need to be on the same page. So the job will be broken down into segments. Each will have a team leader and offer your best concepts. Then you must prove that out and build the test unit. The team leader will work with the other teams to meet their needs. It does no good to have part of a shuttle that works and part that does not.

The applause was loud and people were cheering. They finally calmed down. OK now I want you to understand a few things. One person will never get this job done in any way. It is a team project and will be won by many groups working closely together. So there are no stars here, there are teams of smart people. If you think youre a star then just quit now and we will replace you fast. You say he cant do that. I have six thousand resumes from scientist in Japan asking to come here and work for me. If you had not shown up guess who would be working here now? There was dead silence now.

I expect each group to spend money like it was their own money. If you waste it I will know and you will be brought before a panel to hear why you did that. You are accountable for the money you spend to every citizen here. This government is a corporation and the services here are paid for by profits. If you have noticed your pay, no taxes on income is made here. That is because the corporation pays for all services and invests in things like this project. Your money will never be worth less than its value in gold. So no inflation or deflation will happens here. Now just spend the money wisely and make good decisions. That is how a business grows and prospers.

He talked with several different people and learned there was a pecking order already in place. Carlton break up this structure as it failed in the US. Give the team leader positions to the best qualified person. I could care about age, education or experience, here they must think well outside any box. If anyone fights you, move them to some boring engineering job out on a ship or someplace remote.

Now Carlton was laughing. OK boss I get the idea. But the real idea will hit them when a team gets sacked and are replaced quickly.

I have six teams working in Japan now. One working on each critical area of the shuttle project. Each team has contracts for long term employment. I purchased three small engineering firms in Tokyo and two other cities, each with a good metal working shop. Each team has been given two projects that are not related. So this is being keep under a lid and not able to be seen what we are doing. One is working on a hydrogen extraction technology and building a VASIMR engine to test the ability to use hydrogen as a jet fuel. That is a phase one project and has a completion date of two years.

They will build prototypes to prove out their research?

Yes and deliver them to us here. I talk with each group once a week and listen to their ideas. So finding answers will not be hard from the type people I am hearing from. They all think I am a wealthy industrialist in Japan. An old friend went to see each manager dressed as staff to the Emperor. He directed them to keep everything confidential on pain of death. So they all feel the Emperor has something to do with their work. Of course in his office are many pictures of him and the Emperor on the walls. So anyone coming to check him out would never challenge him. He is seen at the palace often and carries messages from me often.

Sounds like we are pretty well insulated there. But what if we need them here?

I have signed authorization for any citizen to leave Japan and come here without needing any forms signed or passport. My representative will take them and their families to the boat and see them off. Captains know to follow his instructions to the letter. I have been using Kelly sometimes to pass on my orders. They follow her directions now as well as mine. Her Japanese is almost as good as mine and there is no way to tell she is not a citizen now.

They know she is your daughter?

Yep, it took just one ass chewing to assure she was never given any problem handling my orders. That lesson was quickly passed to each of my people. I assure you Kelly will take over here and see us far into the future with her new sister Riko. If she warns you of a problem just know it will happen unless you act. She has a gift we must listen to Carlton. Especially without the communications that once existed. Always feel free to ask questions so you understand.

Is she really that good?

Yes and what she sees is often way before the event. She knows if we should trust someone or not. I do know where her gift comes from as her mother has it, but it is there and real. Her mother predicted the economic fall of Japan eight years before it happened.

Now Carlton was impressed. Eight years before the event?

She even predicted that it would start in the US and in the housing and mortgage markets. But it dealt mostly with Japan and its actions and reactions that cost it, its economy. Kana named names and predicted each action they took. It was frightening how she knew who would be involved and what they would do so far before it happened? So expect sometimes to feel fear when listening to Rikos predictions. But if she says it will happen unless something major changes it will. We have the ability to impact those events by making the changes needed. That was why you acted as soon as you did with China. Riko gave me their plan and I changed it for them. Many countries will have their people living safely for some time to come.

Carlton looked at John and knew he was missing something right now. I dont see where much bad would have happened in that area.

Who is the other power in that direction? China would have been into a war with India within a year. One that would have been a nuclear war as India has no lack of weapons. They dont have a great military or Navy and would use what they had to, to win. You have two countries where life does not mean a lot to either government.

This Carlton now could see and agreed with that outlook. God that would be like two big babies fighting over nothing of value. How do we keep India busy?

They are busy for now building a way to stop Islam from moving south into their land. They have troops at borders and are fighting any who come into those areas.

But can they afford it?

Oh yes, as they are still a third world country and did not depend on massive export or imports. The country still has a large economy just within it. That way they are much like China. The technology jobs were lost and a couple of large cities got hit hard. A lot of the US citizens of Indian background moved back there. It is now much like the old US one hundred years ago. Slow growing but very steady in that growth. Japan is selling them oil for food items they need. No money involved just a direct swap of goods. I have Japan now asking to trade some of the oil for gold as they are a producer of that metal from mines they operate.

Why buy gold?

Japan needs it to stabilize their currency. I need gold in Japan for the bank I purchased. Better it be gold purchased using oil or gas than out of my personal holdings. That costs the people money here for an investment there.

As educational as this has been you had better get home. I will handle the head butting here. That will come after lunch and should be interesting as to who ends up counting pencils or watching pressure gages? Carlton now laughed at this. 

John headed home and to his office. He was sure that Dana, Kelly and Riko were out at one of the shrines. So it would at least be a time to relax some.

That idea was blown away when he walked in and saw David with some man he did not know. OK David whats going on here?

This gentleman was told to get his ship out of our waters and decided not to follow those instructions. We have almost fifty families under arrest on his boat. In checking them out they are all congressmen, senators or executive branch personnel. After tell him how you feel about liberals and their ilk he still wanted to come talk with you.

Get him out of my office and home. If he refuses to leave, sink his boat and wish him luck. Dont ever bring anyone into my home I would not bring. Have I made myself clear now?

David had known this was coming and smiled at the man. OK get out and Ill take you back to you ship. You have thirty minutes time to be moving out of our territorial waters. At that time you ship will be fired on and sunk. Are you clear about understanding this?

But you cant do that.

You just heard the only law here say do it. What you think means nothing here, so go back home and try to tell people there what to do.

The man started to argue now and David just cold cocked him and knocked him out. Sorry boss, but I tried my best not to lose my temper and just could not hold back.

I have no problem with that. Now take his propellers off that ship and tow him to some small island well away from here. Make sure they have seed and the island has fresh water. Once there make sure they have no engine to move that ship. Then they either work and produce or die and I really dont care which happens.

The ship was checked and it is all adults on it. So we have no decisions that would need to be made for children.

Good I think you can find islands open to be settled in Micronesia. They cant be where they could swim to another island and impose on the natives there. So make sure nothing is close with people on it.

Done deal boss. I am sorry about bring him here, but it was either sink the ship or bring him.

The words were for his benefit David, so dont take them personal. I was sure you had warned him about me. Now Ill get Jacksons people to help you get this pile of crap down to your means of transportation.

Once his office was cleaned up and back to normal he called Kendra in. Lady you have been ignoring me. What is going on I should know about?

The older woman smiled at him. She pushed her cart over and set up his lunch on the desk. Then she sat down. The people are worried about why no shift has happened since your take over. There just does not seem to be an answer for them on that question. Once I let them know that Kelly would one day take over here, the ladies are happy and men are not. These islands have always had male leaders and never a female.

The men could all move someplace and live together and alone Kendra. Of course they would have no one to cook, clean, provide clothing, make sure they lived up to their word and guide them in the religion.

Kendra was laughing hard now. That was well put. We have been running their lives from the start and they never knew that. But having to acknowledge a female as their leader is going to cause a problem for some. The young people all agree Kelly is a good choice.

How do the young know about Kelly?

She started a web site for the religion and has many of the pictures she took on it for them to see. It is causing many of our youth to go back to the religion today. Any who ask a valid question she will answer it for all to read. This has caused a big change in families and that relationship. It is a very good change from my point of view.

John considered this input. I told Kelly to find places she could teach and lead, so I guess she has done that. Starting with the young was a good idea.

Everyone reads her site now among our people. Most have never seen the inside of a shrine. Many did not know that shrines existed on any island. So her efforts have awoken a spirit not felt here for thousands of years. It has created pride people needed to feel. Riko has started to add a history of how Japan came from here and its people following much the same religion. She is still having some problems with our language, but getting much better at it.

You do know her gift dont you?

I had no idea she even has a gift.

Riko sees things that are going to happen and impact wherever she is. She has helped me stop China from causing nuclear war. The gift is real and she can look at you and see if youre to be trusted? There is much yet for her to develop, but it will come in time.

Now Kendra knew why she always felt love when around the two girls. Those two are truly diamonds in their early development. With some cutting and polishing they will shine. One day they will lead this nation to complete peace and tranquility.

That was a complement far above any for Kendra to issue. One day it will be Kelly, Riko and the twins running things here. If I have done my job they will be ready to act as a group. Each will have an area of responsibility to handle. But Kelly will over see the whole of the government. There is just no reason not to use the best brain for that and hers is the best by far.

That is really true John?

Yes she cannot be measured for just how smart she is, because they have no test able to do that. She is smart beyond her age or any adult out there today.

Kendra just shook her head and smiled. Now I know why the two of you are so close. You really are her daddy and in more than just that piece of paper she is so proud of. I am sure Riko will also become that close to you. She told me what you did for her and she was so pleased.

I did it as much for tomorrow as my pleasure. The child needed love and that I can give her. But for her to become what she is capable of, she needs most of all a reason for pushing that hard. I am now her reason and she will move mountains for me.

Kendra got his meaning and understood it. The girl would forever do what John would have asked of her. He was the love her life needed badly to be able to continue and grow. No man would ever take his place or be seen as his equal by either girl. It was going to be a problem for these two later in life, unless John had a plan? 

I need to get back to work. We are all off early today because of your going out tonight. So I am having dinner with friends.

Enjoy your time with them. You deserve to have some time away from here and this mad house! He laughed at his comment.

You think this is a mad house you dont know my friends.

No, but I will and some of them next month. We are going to start native peoples meetings next month. Dana, Kelly, Riko and I will host them and you will make the choices of who gets invited. But over each two year period I want everyone to have been here at least once. I read that this used to be done many years ago and for some reason it stopped?

That did sit Kendra back a ways. It has not been done since my grandfather stopped them. He was a non-believer. But for thousands of years it was done and I think it will be good to go back there.

Well there is a good topic to discuss tonight. Let me know how your friends feel about turning the clock back?

How do you know about turning the clock back? This was something just passed from one woman to another and never written down.

Lets just say I know a lot more than you think Kendra. I told you I was going to revive the old religion. It is happening and people are coming forward faster than ever before. Belief travels on the winds and it travels fast here. Ill make you a bet, that the first friend you see asks you about turning the clock back.

Kendra was now shaken and she did not know where John gained the knowledge he now had? She had been feeding him very small bits of information and never enough to jump to any conclusion. Now he was way out in front of her. May I ask how you came by all this knowledge?

Yes you can ask, but I am not ready to tell you. Had you trusted me then you would not have to ask, as you would have given me the information yourself. But you did not trust me and held back way more than you should have. Now the key question is was that to hold the power to yourself? Or was it to safe guard the people? Once I am sure of my answer I will take the proper action with you. You do need to understand I am deeply hurt by your action.

Kendra walked out of the office and she had tears in her eyes for the first time in years. She saw she had been wrong with John and he should have been fully briefed when he came here. At least as far as she could do that. Not doing that was an error on her part. But she had watched her father and brother who would have destroyed these islands. Neither man knew how to exercise power and handle the responsibility that came with it.

Her oldest friend stopped her and looked in her eyes and asked. When do we turn the clock back?

Now Kendra knew the size of her error. It may not be soon enough for me friend. I have errored badly and it may be too late. She headed down the hall and was finally alone in her rooms. 

She picked up the old book she had been given years ago from her mother and started to read. She just went to the last chapter and there she saw John. He was the one the book said to watch for. She just never stared to read the book until he moved in here. It was known her father and her brother were no good. But someday the right leader would come.

Her lack of reading the book and her lack of understanding how soon it would happen caused her current problem. It was lazy and stupid not to know what was to come and be ready. Tonight she would offer her resignation to the other religious leaders. She had failed her task.


