JJ wakes up somewhere new.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 23 (mF, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, reluc, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Pain. Darkness.

Light. Pain again, in his head. Someone was pulling on JJ's body. Click! His seatbelt was unhooked and he flopped into someone's arms...no, two someones. They were saying things...why couldn't he understand what they were saying? Zoot? Veet? How hard had he hit his head, he wondered?

Darkness again.

---

JJ awoke and tried to sit up too quickly. "Ack!" His head pounded and he lay back on something soft. "Mom?"

"Your mother is fine, JJ," said a tinny voice, as though through a speaker. He recognized it even so.

"Carmen?" He turned his head. He was laying on a queen-sized bed that took up most of the small, concrete-walled room he was in. There was a secure-looking door, and next to that he could see Agent Carmen Sandoval through a wide glass window with a lattice of thin metal, flanked by a couple of adults he didn't know, one male, one female. There were no other windows. "Ugh...what did you do?" JJ carefully raised himself to his elbows to regard his captors.

She looked at him with cold eyes. "Your dad released the video your girlfriend took, JJ. I'm burned, so I did the only thing I could, and sold you to the highest bidder. Sorry, not sorry."

The man behind her said something JJ didn't catch. Carmen turned to him. "English, Jean! I told you, I don't speak French." She had pronounced the man's name in the French fashion, like 'Jhon'.

"You need to show the proof, Sandoval," Jean said in accented English.

She turned back to regard JJ with a sour look. "Right...so send in the test subjects."

A few minutes later, four women were pushed into the room by a couple of rough looking men. One of the women was...

"Mom!" JJ tried to get up, but fell back again, dizzy.

"JJ!" His mother rushed forward to tend to her son while the other three women banged on the door after it closed behind them.

"Let us out!" a thirtysomething Chinese lady yelled, while another, an ash blonde of about the same age, was swearing in what sounded like French. The third, a slim brown-haired woman, looking about 20 years old, sat down hard, her back to the wall. Her eyes darted everywhere, like a cornered animal.

"Ooh, that's a nasty bump on the side of your head, JJ!" his mother said, examining him. "Just lie back, okay?"

"Mom, what about Aaron and Regan?"

She looked worried. "Those people left them in the car when they grabbed us. Aaron had a lot of blood on his head, and Regan wasn't moving." She turned to the window. "Are my daughter and husband alright?! Tell me!"

The other woman behind the window whispered in Carmen's ear.

"They were taken to the hospital, one serious, one critical," the former agent said.

"You have to let us go!" JJ's mother yelled at them. "You have no right to keep us here!" Sniff!

JJ's ears perked up. His mother had tried to have sex with him earlier that day -- was it still the same day, he wondered? If she stayed this close to him, her brain and fertile body would be overwhelmed by his pheromones and she'd try to jump him again! That's why these women had been sent into the room: to show off his ability!

"Carmen!" he called out, "Get my mom outta here, please! She shouldn't have to see this."

"See what?" His mom turned to regard him, and he could see that her pupils were bigger than usual. He didn't have much time!

"You know what, JJ?" Carmen said, "You fucked me over, so I think your mom finding out what a piece of shit you really are...well, that'll be my revenge. Ladies, please head on over and say hello to JJ."

The Asian woman turned from the door and moved tentatively toward JJ, and after Carmen's command was relayed in French, the blonde woman followed suit. JJ looked at them fearfully, as if they might bite him. The brown-haired woman remained sitting, holding her arms around herself and shaking.

"What's she talking about, JJ?" his mom asked. "Why did she call you that?"

"Mom...please, just move back toward the door. PLEASE."

Still sniffling, JJ's mother backed away. Then she knelt next to the overwhelmed woman on the floor. "Are you okay, dear? Did they hurt you?"

JJ examined the two women as they sat next to him on the bed. The Chinese lady's eyes were naturally dark, but she only seemed to be looking at him warily. The blonde woman, though, had started to sniffle. She said something to him in French.

"Sorry, I don't speak French," he informed her.

The Chinese lady looked confused. "She says you're hot."

"Oh...shit."

The blonde reached out to caress JJ's face and he shrugged her off. Some more French from her.

The Chinese lady translated again, "She says, 'Are you the reason why we're here? Why will you not give me what I want?'" She spoke with the blonde for a bit and then shook her head and turned back to JJ. "Who are you? Do you know why she's acting so weird?"

JJ could see that the blonde's irises were fully open, making her eyes as dark as her companion's. Her pretty face turned angry, and she started to shout at JJ.

The Chinese woman backed off. "Whoa!" She spoke more French to the blonde, but the woman no longer seemed to be listening.

The hormone-addled woman smacked JJ across the face. His head exploded in pain and he fell back, his vision going dark. He felt her pulling at his belt and the other women were yelling now, including his mom. Then he heard the door fly open and more yelling. His pants were off, and he felt his soft cock being sucked into a warm mouth. Despite the pain, he groaned as his stimulated member started to fill with blood.

He heard the door close. His vision came back and he could see that the other women, including his mother, were no longer in the room. He relaxed, and then felt the blonde woman straddle him, muttering sexy things in French. She must have removed her tight slacks at some point, as she was able to direct his cock straight inside her wet pussy.

"JJ!"

He turned. As the French woman started to ride him, moaning, he saw his mother through the window, Carmen behind her, grinning, "like the cat that ate the canary", his stepfather would have said. He turned back to the blonde and pushed up on her top...the woman got the idea and pulled it up and off, her bra coming along for the ride. If Mom has to watch, JJ figured, then I'd best try to make this quick.

He had to admit, the crazy blonde's boobs were the best he'd ever seen in person, like a C cup, but perky, with funnel-like nipples. Any baby would be in heaven sucking on those, he realized. He wished he could lean forward and suck on them himself, but his head wouldn't let him. It was bad enough that he was being shaken around from the woman riding him harder and harder...

"Tabarnak!" she moaned, rearing up on him. Her eyes and mouth flew open as her pussy spasmed hard around JJ's cock, which in turn set off his own orgasm.

"Fuuuck!" he cried out as he blew his dangerous load inside the woman's unprotected pussy.

As she felt his potent sperm penetrate her fertile insides, the blonde's already powerful orgasm redoubled itself, and she cried out in pleasure as her ripe reproductive system practically sucked some of his cum straight into her womb. She shook upon him, her spine arched and drool slipping out of her mouth as her overwhelmed brain shut down. Then she fell upon him, senseless.

JJ was able to throw up his arms to block the limp woman from headbutting him and possibly causing him brain damage...or more brain damage, he considered. Then he awkwardly pushed her to the side and felt her pussy slip off of his wet cock.

"Shit..." he moaned, looking back at the window.

His mother just stared at him, tears rolling down her face. "JJ...what is going on?"

He rolled over, turning away from the window, and didn't even bother to pull his pants back up. He felt tired...so tired...

---

Regan heard someone calling her name. "Dad?" she replied, but it only came out as a whisper.

"There you are," said a male voice that wasn't her father's.

She opened her eyes and turned to see an older man in scrubs and a white coat. She was in a bed, very obviously in a hospital.

"You're in the hospital," the man said.

"Duh!" she responded, sitting up carefully. "Where's my Mom and Dad? And JJ?"

The doctor looked confused. "Your dad's in surgery. He took a hard hit to the head and they need to relieve the pressure on his brain. You two were the only ones brought in from the accident."

"Where's Mom and JJ, then?!"

"Maybe another hospital. I'll have a nurse check." The doctor started to head to the door, but then turned back. "Um, there's another thing you need to know, Regan."

She waited.

"I'm sorry, but you lost the baby."

Her hands instinctively flew to her stomach. "I lost..."

"...ha..."

"...haahaahaa!"

"HAAHAHAHAHAAAHAHHAA!!"

The doctor backed out of the room, making a mental note to have the girl's head examined again.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)