SUSIE'S SPANKING TIME

BY SIR SWAT

Part 3

FIRST, this is FICTION. Totally. It concerns the extended sexual
punishment of a prepubesent girl by her father.

Susie bawled hard for nearly ten minutes after her Daddy stopped
scorching her all over, her Daddy watching his red-spanked little
girl, quietly and gently wiping her face before he opened yet
another drawer beside Susie's bed, removing a large jar of common
cold cream. He began slowly applying the soothingly cool cream to
Susie's spanked parts, starting on one thigh and working lightly
over her red, burning buttocks and onto the other thigh. Susie
gradually stopped bawling as her Daddy worked, although she still
sobbed and tears continued to soak her pillow and hair.

Finishing with her thighs, Susie's Daddy began to sooth her
paddled privates with the cream, then moved into her
well-strapped cleft and burning, strap marked bumhole. Her Daddy
rubbed cream up and down her cleft, then returned with more cream
to Susie's well-punished anus. After rubbing cream into the
strap- marked outer ring of Susie's hole her Daddy's little
finger, slippery with cream, again found it's way into the girl.
As her Daddy reached up and undid the cloth restraints on Susie's
ankles and wrists his finger continued to slid in and out of
Susie's bum.

Susie's own released hands began their own tentative, tearful
investigation of her spanked areas, and she kept her legs back
over her head so she wouldn't have to land her still-burning,
sore bum on the bed. She was surprised when her Daddy lifted her
off the bed, making her stand in front of him. He wiped her face
again, then when he had her attention, explained that because she
was a bigger girl now, he was adding something new to her
Spanking Time. He wasn't sure, he explained, whether she'd really
consider it a *punishment* or not. Her older brother had been
getting this new thing for several years now, since he was her
age, in fact. Sometimes he hated it, but sometimes he seemed to
like the new addition.

Thoroughly mystified, Susie was led down to the end of her bed,
where her Daddy laid a pillow over the high rail, then lifted
Susie over it on her tummy, so that her head and shoulders rested
on the bed, her legs dangled down the back of the bed, and her
bare, red bottom pointed skyward. Susie begged her Daddy not to
spank her again, and was relieved but even more confused when he
explained that she wasn't going to get another spanking, not if
she co-operated. Warning her not to move, her Daddy left the room
quickly.

He returned a minute later, holding several small objects and a
tube of something. The railing was high enough that Susie
couldn't see her Daddy's hands or much below his chest from her
position, so the odd sound like rubber bands left her even more
puzzled. Her Daddy moved her knees apart slightly, then rested
one hand on Susie's bum and ordered her to look forward, no
peeking allowed. She felt her Daddy spread her sore bumcheeks
slightly, then something cool and very slippery was rubbed on her
sore, strapped bumhole. Her Daddy's finger slid up into her with
surprising ease, making Susie gasp, but her Daddy's warning
stopped her from peeking around to see what she could of what he
was doing.

Then her Daddy's finger left, and she felt something different
pressing up against her now-slippery hole. Whatever it was, it
was warm and very firm, although softer than the candle and
Daddy's finger. When the object began to press into Susie's bum,
she gave a small cry at the size of it. It was much thicker than
Daddy's fingers or the candle, and stiff like the candle, but it
didn't press as hard as the candle did. Susie gasped as her
already-spread hole was slowly opened even wider, as the hot,
firm object was slowly pushed deeper into her by her Daddy.

It stopped at about half the depth the candle or Daddy's fingers
went to, but Susie felt that her poor bumhole was being strapped
again, so spread was it with this strange, hot thing inside her.
Susie felt one of her Daddy's hands spreading her cheeks further
apart, then she moaned in relief to feel the thick object filling
her bum start to withdraw. It was pressing back into her a moment
later, although it was more slippery now, and her bumhole was
more open to recieve it, but it still made Susie cry out,
especially when she felt her Daddy push the thing just a bit
farther into her bum.

Once more the thick object was withdrawn, and Susie felt her
Daddy's fingers applying lots more of the slippery stuff inside
her, and his other hand spread her cheeks even wider, making
Susie sob a bit as tender spanked flesh was firmly gripped. The
thick warm thing pressed into her again a moment later, and by
now Susie was well-spread and very slippery inside, so this time
the object wasn't as uncomfortable, although her bum felt very
full and strange. The warm object began to slide very slowly
backwards and forwards inside her, and Susie rocked her hips a
little bit to try and accommodate the movement. Her Daddy quietly
told her that she was a good girl, and that her movement was
exactly right. Happy at pleasing her Daddy, Susie kept slowly
rocking her hips as the object continued to move slowly inside of
her, a little bit less uncomfortable, although she moaned a bit
every time the object slid upward into her.

After a minute or two, the object inside her stopped sliding, and
Susie felt it begin to twitch and jump, then it was pushed firmly
up deeper into her, twitching madly. The combined movement made
Susie cry out loudly, but she thought she heard her Daddy give a
strange shuddering sigh. After twitching like that, the object in
Susie's bum was mostly still, and seemed to get softer and
thinner as her Daddy slowly withdrew it from her wide-open
bumhole.

Susie heard her Daddy scuffling around behind her after the warm
thick object left her sore bum, but her throbbing, open hole
distracted her as she squirmed a bit in discomfort. After a
minute, Susie's Daddy lifted her off the railing and laid her
over his lap again, his fingers spreading her bumcheeks to
examine her well-used hole. She cried out when he slowly slid a
finger into her, feeling how spread and tender her anus was, then
sniffled while he slowly rubbed more cream into her as her
bumhole gradually tightened again to its usual pink pucker.

Her Daddy then sat the girl up in his lap, cuddling her to his
broad chest and explaining that she was a good girl, her Spanking
Time was over, that she'd taken her 'new treatment' very well,
and how happy that made him. Susie closed her eyes, cuddled into
her Daddy's embrace, and felt the gentle, lovely touch of her
Daddy's cream-slippery finger between her legs as he helped
soothe some of the spanked girl's tears away. Gradually Susie's
Daddy felt his girl slip close to sleep, and he gently rolled her
into bed, lying on her tummy. He kissed her goodnight, tugged her
nightie down over her punished bum and thighs, then tucked her in
and left the room quietly.

*****

The next morning, Susie's Daddy let her sleep in, waking her well
after the sunshine had begun to fill her bright cheerful room. He
kissed her good morning, then lifted her nightie clear after she
stood up for the usual post-Spanking Time examination. Susie was
bent over the edge of the bed while her Daddy looked at and
stroked her bum and thighs, which were nearly recovered from the
previous night's spankings, with only light pink blotches
scattered across, and a few pink lines left over from the light
strap's work.

When Susie's Daddy spread her bumcheeks wide to examine her cleft
and well- used hole, he found a few more fast-fading strap lines
and some pinkness around her hole. He pressed his finger over
Susie's bumhole and the girl jumped and confirmed that she was
still tender from her Daddy's use of her last night. Susie
relaxed while her Daddy rubbed more soothing cream around her
hole and told her again how glad he was that she had taken him so
well. Susie didn't quite understand, but was glad her Daddy was
happy even though her hole was a bit sore still. Her Daddy went
on to explain that their new thing might be done more often now,
seperate from Susie's Spanking Times, and that her brother had
been doing this for several years now. Susie wasn't sure she
liked the sound of more, but she knew having her hole done like
that would be more comfortable if her Daddy wasn't doing it to
her already-spanked hole like he had been last night.

Susie's Daddy finished his inspection of her by sliding a
well-lubricated little finger up into Susie's bum, making her
moan but satisfying him that nothing had been injured inside the
girl the previous night and that further use of her hole could
take place. Then he lifted his girl to her feet and tugged her
nightie down.

After a big good-morning hug, the two of them went down for
breakfast, Susie holding her Daddy's hand.

