Fun at the Club
by JanetNTom4U ©

As I have written about in my earlier stories I worked at a topless 
members only gentlemen's club when I was in college and during the first 
ten years of Tom and I being married. It was a very nice place that 
basically catered to up scale business men and their guest. Most of them 
being lawyers and doctors looking to unwind at the end of the day... hell, 
one of my regular customers was my gynecologist. 

I had been working at the club for about two and half years and it was 
just past my twenty-third birthday when Kellie the owner called me in his 
office one evening. I had been working there longer than any of the other 
waitress's and Kellie and I had gotten to know each other really well and 
he trusted me totally because I had taken a lot off of him by closing up 
the club for him and making the bank drops every night allowing him to go 
home early. 

When I got another girl to cover my area I went up to his office and 
knocked which he promptly yelled for me to enter. When I came in he was on 
the phone but told me to close the door and have a seat so I did as I 
usually do and closed the door and came around and sat on his lap with my 
arm around his neck with my tits right in his face. It was always cool for 
me to do that because Kellie and I was always flirting with each other and 
he would always get hard on when I was sitting there. 

Kellie is a great guy... he took very good care of himself and had a very 
firm body for a forty-eight year old. I figured he probably had something 
special between his legs because his wife Sherry used to be one of our 
dancers at one time. She was knock-down gorgeous... dirty blond hair, 36c 
breast and the hottest ass you have ever seen. Up until this time he and I 
have never did anything sexually together except for some flirting and 
copping a feel every now and then and him commenting that one day I was 
going to break down and let him fuck me which to me that wasn't a bad idea 
at all. 

After hanging up from his call he put his arm around me and cupped my 
right breast and his other hand went between my legs with his thumb and 
pointer finger against my panty covered pussy and looked up at me and 
said, "Hey sexy... how you doing?"

"I'm doing great but I was kind of worried when you called me up here... I 
figured you either wanted to fire me or fuck me!" I said and leaned down 
and gave him a kiss on the lips while wiggling my ass a little on his hard on. 

"Well, I'm damn sure not going to fire you and I would love to fuck you 
but that's not why I called you up." He the started to explain the reason 
for calling me up was to offer me the job of assistant manager/hostess 
which would require me to come in and work one afternoon a week so he and 
I could have a two hour meeting in the middle of the afternoon to work out 
the schedule for the up coming week among other duties. I told him then 
that it sounded great to me but I wanted to talk to Tom about it first. He 
said that would be fine and to just let him know the next day.

So after talking with Tom and he told me to go for it if I wanted so I 
told Kellie the next day I would take the job. So I would come into work 
on Thursday's around eleven AM so we could open for the lunch crowd and 
work until two PM and we would have our meeting from two till four. After 
the second week I had figured out pretty much what he wanted and would 
come in with a schedule already worked out so it would end up with our 
meeting only lasting about thirty minutes and the rest of the time we 
would just sit around and bullshit usually about sex. 

On our fourth week meeting we had finished our business and I was sitting 
on his lap and our conversation was on our usual subject of sex and Kellie 
was playing with my nipple as he sometimes did and I commented that maybe 
I should head back down stairs and work because I was missing out on some 
tips. Thursday afternoons, I was probably only loosing about forty bucks 
in tips but Kellie said maybe he could help me out because he always set 
aside two hours for this meeting every week and asked if I would like to 
make one hundred dollars cash for the next hour and half every week. I 
laughed and asked who I was going to have to blow for it and he smiled and 
said him.

I thought about it for a minute and agreed and he smiled really big and 
said, "Great... you have my cock hard as a fucking rock wiggling that hot 
ass of yours all over it.

So I got on my knees in front of him and undid his pants and pushed them 
down. As soon as I seen his cock I knew he had something special between 
his legs... he was about eight inches and was almost as thick as a beer 
can. As I took it in my hand and started to lick the shaft I complemented 
him on his cock telling him he had a beautiful huge cock. I was getting 
really into sucking him... he had his hand on the back on my head and 
moaning for me to fuck my mouth with his cock. "Goddamn baby... you suck 
cock really fucking good!" he said while I had three fingers at the base 
of his cock stroking up and down and stroking his balls with my other hand 
while taking the top half as far into my mouth as I could when the damn 
phone rung. I was kind of surprised when he answered it and even more when 
it was his wife. 

I paused holding my mouth at the tip of his cock and lightly flicking my 
tongue over it and looking up at him when he said, "Hey babe, what's going 
on? He then pushed my head back down on his cock which gave me the signal 
to keep going. I know she had to hear the slurping noise I was making each 
time I went down on his cock plus my heavy breathing as I tried to get a 
breath each time I came up on it. As I continued sucking on his thick cock 
I heard him say to his wife... "Baby, I'm right in the middle of a meeting 
with Janet, can I call you back after?" All I could think at that moment 
was, well, now she knows who has her husbands cock in their mouth. He then 
hung up the phone and said to me, "OH FUCK.... Here it comes.... Swallow 
it... swallow my fucking cum!" I sucked as hard as I could and was 
rewarded with a huge gush of his cum into my mouth... I gulped and 
swallowed as much as I could until I had drained all his cum.

I stayed kneeling in front of him licking his cock and lightly stroking it 
for several minutes and looked up at him and asked, "You want me to make 
you cum again?" 

"No... but I have to ask, Damn sugar... where did you learn to suck a dick 
that good?" Kellie asked.

I stood up and he ran is hand down the G string going down my ass and 
slipped his fingers between my legs to my pussy while I wiped my mouth 
with the back of my hand and smiled at him and said, "Practice makes 
perfect!" I then reached over and took the hundred dollar bill from the 
desk and headed for the door.

A couple of weeks later after finishing our club business we had moved on 
to our next regular meeting agenda of me sucking his cock. After about ten 
minutes into the blow job Kellie reached down and pulled his cock from my 
mouth... I looked up at him and he said, "Janet, would you be interested 
in another hundred bucks?"

"What do you want me to do?" I replied.

"I want to fuck your hot pussy very badly!" he said.

I stood up and reached around and unhooked my skirt and took it off and 
tossed it to the side, I then took off my G-string and tossed it over 
where my skirt was. When Kellie saw me undressing he also started removing 
the rest of his clothes. I then asked how he wanted me and he told me to 
bend over the desk. So I did as he requested and he sat back down in his 
chair... I felt his fingers on my pussy as he pushed one inside of me he 
said, "Damn... you're already wet!"

"I always get wet when I am sucking a cock I want to fuck me!" I said.

I then felt my ass cheeks being parted and I felt his tongue flicking over 
my asshole. His licking kelp on for several minutes and then moved to my 
pussy. His face was buried in my cunt and I was moaning and telling him to 
fuck my cunt with his tongue when he pulled his face away and asked, "Are 
you ready for my cock?"

"YES... FUCK YES! Fuck my pussy with your HUGE cock... FUCK ME NOW.... 
PLEASE!!" I pleaded as my pussy was aching to be filled.

"I've wanted to slide my cock into you for a long time." Kellie said as he 
stood and started rubbing the tip of his cock down my pussy slit to my 
clit and back up to my ass. I reached back between my legs and grasp his 
thick cock and pulled it toward my dripping wet pussy.

"If you are you going to talk... then talk dirty to me while you FUCK ME!" 
I said in a loud moan as I thrust my hips backward. When I did I felt the 
thickness of his manhood split apart my pussy lips. Kellie then thrust 
forward driving his entire length into me. It was all I could do to keep 
from screaming. He then began a slow rhythm of his pumping and reached 
around with both hands and cupped my tits and started pinching my nipples. 
After about ten minutes he had moved his hands down and was gripping my 
hips and slamming his thick cock into me really hard. My cunt was 
exploding all over his dick... each time one orgasm would subside another 
would over take me. I was moaning for him to fuck me harder and telling 
him I loved his big thick cock inside of me and I wanted him cum inside me. 

"Are you ready for me to cum in your cunt slut? Do you like being my whore 
Janet?" Kellie asked as he banged me harder.

"OH FUCK YES BABY... I WANT YOU'RE CUM IN ME... YES... I'M YOUR FUCKING 
WHORE... FUCK YOUR WHORE... CUM IN YOUR WHORE'S PUSSY BABY!" I was almost 
screaming because he was fucking me so hard. Kellie then moaned that he 
was going to cum and I began to thrust my hips back to him and I felt a 
huge gush of his cum shoot deep inside of me. 

My knees were so weak from the orgasms and the hard fucking I had just 
received when Kellie pulled his cock out of me he had to catch me to keep 
me from falling. He guided me over to the couch and sat me down. 

We sat a talked for about thirty minutes before he laid me back and spread 
my legs then proceeded to get on top of me and push his cock into my pussy 
again. He slow fucked me at first and talked really dirty to me which was 
a big turn on for me. He used me for the best part of an hour with me 
cumming at least six times before he shot another huge load into me. He 
got a big charge watching my big breast swing back and forth as he 
hammered me really hard. It was another thirty minutes before I was strong 
enough to put on my G string and skirt to go down and work. 

Over the next several weeks Kellie fucked me every Thursday afternoon. 
Usually it was just him and I but his wife Sherry did join us a few times 
on his sofa bed for a threesome... it was totally hot and she had the 
tastiest pussy! It was a huge turn on for him to watch her and I do a 
sixty-nine. 

Now, let me introduce you to Jack. Jack is the head of security at the 
club. He is very muscular, about twenty-five, sandy brown hair, blue eyes 
and a total hunk. He is also a total workaholic... he is there when the 
club opens at eleven AM and he is there when it close's at two AM. 

One night about six months before Kellie called me up and offered me the 
promotion Tom came in about an hour before closing to pick me up because 
my car was in the shop. Jack and Tom were sitting at the bar chatting and 
Jack made a comment to Tom about his girlfriend didn't like to have sex 
with him because he was well endowed. 

After closing and all the other waitresses had left I went to the dressing 
room to get dressed. After about fifteen minutes Jack and Tom came in and 
I was sitting at my make-up table nude smoking a joint and brushing my 
hair so I stood up and offered some to the guys. Tom made the comment that 
Jack wasn't getting laid very much because he has a huge dick and asked me 
if I would be interested in helping him out. Now Tom is a huge instigator 
of me fucking other guys. I turned around and looked at Jack in his eyes 
and they were as wide as coffee cup saucers. I laughed, put my arm over 
his shoulder and said, "Um, maybe... just how big is it Jack?"

"How about it Jack... would you like to fuck Janet?" Tom said with a huge grin.

"Are you fucking serious... every guy that comes in here wants to fuck 
her! Hell it would be a fantasy come true." Jack replied.

"Well show her what you've got man... if she likes it she will give you 
all the pussy you want!" Tom urged. 

Jack smiled and reached down and undid his pants and reached in and pulled 
it out. Jack wasn't kidding... he had an eleven inch pussy pleaser between 
his legs. 

I reached over and took hold of his shaft and gave it a squeeze... I felt 
him harden in my hand. I looked over at Tom and said, "Do you want to see 
him fuck me?" Tom nodded his head in approval and winked at me. I looked 
back at Jack with his now fully hard cock in my hand and said, "Jack... 
fuck me hard with every inch!" 

Jack started fumbling to get his jeans off and I leaned back against the 
dresser and started playing with my clit while my eyes were glued to the 
huge cock that was about to be in my pussy. I turned around and bent over 
the dresser with my bare ass toward him and he stepped up behind me and 
rubbed his cock against my ass. I licked my fingers and reached between my 
legs and rubbed my wet fingers into my pussy and then took hold of his 
dick and guided it to my pussy where he slowly pushed into me. As Jack 
started to pump into me slowly I looked over at Tom and he had just 
finished removing his cloths, sat back down in the chair facing us and was 
stroking his cock.

"How does his cock feel in you?" Tom asked with a smile. 

Just as Jack gave one good push and sank the full length of his cock into 
me I smiled at Tom and said, "HE'S FUCKING HUGE! HOLY SHIT IT FEELS 
GREAT!" Tom busted out with laughter and even Jack let a chuckle go as he 
was sinking his cock in me as far as it would go and reaching around with 
his hands to massage my big breast and pinch my nipples.

"Fuck her Jack... Fuck my wife's pussy with your big dick! Fill her cunt 
with your cum, then I'm gonna fuck her while she sucks your cock!" Tom 
said.

"Oh fuck yes Jack... fuck my pussy... fuck me good! OH SHIT TOM, HIS COCK 
IS SO FUCKING BIG IN ME... I LOVE HIS BIG PRICK IN MY PUSSY BABY!" I 
moaned as I was getting into the fucking I was receiving.

After several minutes Jack was ramming his big tool into me hard and fast. 
I kelp glancing over at Tom and watching him jerk his cock while watching 
me getting fucked and waiting for his turn to fuck my sloppy cunt. I was 
really into it and was feeling my orgasm building. I felt Jacks cock 
stiffen a little and he announced to us he was about to cum. 

"OH SHIT NO... PLEASE don't cum yet... keep FUCKING ME! Make me CUM ON 
YOU... PLEASE JACK, FUCK ME TILL I CUM! PLEASE!" I said as I started 
thrusting my ass back onto his cock harder to make myself cum with him. 
Jack then arched his back thrusting his hips forward and let out a loud 
moan. "OH FUCK... OH FUCK... I FEEL HIM SHOOTING INSIDE OF ME! OH GODDAMN 
HE IS CUMMING IN MY PUSSY... DEEP IN MY PUSSY!" I said loudly as I slammed 
my ass against him still trying to cum and milking every drop for his 
cock.

As soon as Jack pulled his soften cock from my dripping wet pussy Tom 
quickly moved behind me and took his turn pounding my cunt giving me a 
great orgasm as I sucked Jacks cock back to hard. The second time with 
Jack I sat on the dresser as he got between my legs and started fucking me 
and he came again in about ten minutes... I had just started cumming on 
him when he started blowing his second load into me. Tom then moved 
between my legs and fucked me really hard until I started cumming over and 
over on his beautiful cock. When Tom was ready he had me sit in the chair 
with my mouth open and he stood in front of me jerking his cock in my face 
and I was then rewarded with a huge load of his cum. 

I hope you guys liked those couple of adventures! Let me know if you 
did... I love the feed back! 

 
