..walk thru my bedroom door right this minute, please? you may as well undress on  your way.. propped up on my elbow.. head in my hand.. legs spread wide.. when your eyes find the slippery blush between my legs, i part them a bit farther.. my cunt opening ever so slightly in response. you look into my eyes now and hear, rather than see, that ive got a finger buried in my pretty lil pussy... biting my lower lip. do you hear how wet i am.. already. how wet you make me?

you reach the bed and move to kiss me deeply.. reaching down to cover my hand with yours.. feeling my motions.. as i finger myself slowly. deeply.. you pull my hand away.. my finger follows..and you replace it with two of yours.. i moan into your opened mouth as you finger me sweetly.. the only man's fingers ever to be inside me. a woman's, yes.. my own, of course; but no man's before yours.

..im squirming.. and you remove your finger from its drenched depth.. bringing it to my mouth.. i suck deeply.. fragrant with my honey, evidence of my maddening want for you. you crook your finger to.my inner cheek and use it to open my mouth wide.. guiding me to the edge of the bed; presenting your fat fucking delicious cock to me. flashing an evil grin.. omg.. i love it..

i blow across it.. kiss it gently, tongue the tip with light lil brushes.. stroking you with a long,slow, full rhythm..  I close my wet warm mouth over you and follow my hand up and down, with a slightly quicker pace..  my soft tongue dancing along your shaft..  throat relaxed..  taking you in completely..  to the hilt..  then releasing you from my mouth with a loud, obscene slurp..  then back in slow.. deliberate..  over and over.. each thrust becomes more frenzied.. so deep in my throat that a hollow, wet gurgling sound fills the room.. your cumslut, skillfully relaxing my throat.. but still very nearly choking on your cock.

i love the way your breath changes.. how your belly tightens; quick sharp breaths in and airy intense breaths out.. hissing obscenities at me thru your teeth. the way your fingers wrap thru my hair..  sigh.  You're turned sideways, watching me devour you.. 

cupping your balls in my hand, occasionally pausing to suckle one softly into my mouth and roll them on my tongue..our eyes meet and that alone.. that contact.. turns me on more than anything. electric.  my nails are digging into your ass. Pulling you further into my mouth..  your cockhead touching the back of my throat..


i strain to murmur some attempt at gratitude.. but the muffled hummmm of it sends you crashing into oblivion.. with fierce abandon, you gasp loudly as you hold my head with force.. so deeply that  the flesh of my throat bulges visibly.. then youre holding. holding. then you release.. and i choke.. quickly gulping air in strangled shallow breaths.. smiling and with eyes brimming with tears..  you do it again.. 

youre holding my nose this time too.. for novelty.. so when you allow me a breath, pre cum literally explodes from my nose.. my face is a perfect mess.. hair plastered to the sides of my cheeks.. tears mingled with your want for me.. and my gag-induced slobber.. i look like a messy whore and you love it.. and you know i love it..

..i reach down and plunge a finger into my wet lil  cunt and bring it to your lips..  you suck my finger clean..  and hiss thru clenched teeth that you're gonna eat me until I BEG you to be inside me. i moan deeply.. as you kiss me hard..

Then you inch back down.. cover my entire pussy with your open mouth and breathe deeply, warmly, onto it..  omg!  nibbling my hard lil clit gently..  then lap at it like a hungry kitten.. parting my puffy lips with both thumbs and forefingers..  revealing my pink, glistening inner petals. the taste and the scent and the slippery feel of your current feast makes you high.. and you ravish me completely.. 

sucking and nibbling and blowing and lashing with your tongue. im writhing.. whimpering.. i neeeeed you inside me: i have a sharp fucking ache deep in my belly.. you give me a small consolation.. a skillful middle finger's worth of penetration.. then 2.. 3.. at one point, damn near a full fist.. but not that cock. 

i can only close my eyes and try very hard not to cum. as if you read my mind, you give my clit a sharp slap.. then another.. "dont you fucking DARE cum yet" you hiss.. and, at once, despite myself.. i cum hard and wet and without restraint.. all over your face.. my thighs crushing your head as my body contracts in wave after wave.. 

mindful of how sensitive i'd be now, you busy yourself with pushing me onto my belly, reaching an arm under my belly to raise my middle off the bed.. ass in the air, you guide my legs widely apart, push on my lower back to further raise my ass to you.. my head is buried in a pillow.. struggling to come down from the ether.. 

i feel a soft, fluttering tongue on my remaining hole.. as you pay due deligence to my poor negleced bottom, the world begins to spin.. i could pass out from pleasure.. you're devouring me.. careful not to touch my hyper sensitive pussy.. but feasting on my trembling asshole with abandon. fingers are joining now.. entering me.. smooth and slow..  commanding my puckered hole to open wide.

in and out.. in and out.. the fullness of it  almost sating the need for your cock in my cunt...then nothing.. both your tongue and your fingers had abandoned me.. i looked over my shoulder and youre smiling like a devil.. 

you were right earlier, i thought, as i turn over onto my back, pull my legs up, knees to my ears, and beg... i shudder and writhe and grope and i desperately  fucking beg you.. to fuck me this minute.

you take hold of your throbbing cock..  and guide it to my aching pussy.With a slow, deliberate thrust, you push inside me (im so wet that theres NO resistance) you sink to the hilt in one long, deep thrust..  i whimper.. youre still.. so still.. your cock twitches inside me.. but your body is still.. as still as you can be.. trembling above me.. then we both begin moving together..  taking it slowly..  quietly..  your face buried in my hair.. my toes curling..  

then you lock your fingers into mine, kiss me quickly.. roughly.. whisper something thru your breath.. not even sure, im spinning.. and you slam into me hard.. deep as you could go inside me..and it hurts like hell.. 

but yet it feels very much like heaven, if there were one to speak of.. i dig my nails into the flesh of your ass and arch my back.. moaning loudly.. eyes wild with pain and pleasure and fullness in my belly..  then pull back out..  almost completely..   feeling my wet cunt hugging your cock head tightly..

Now quickening your pace..  breathing deeply. my fingernails  drawing raised whelps.. if not actual blood.. across your lower back, urging you to fuck me hard.. harder. PLEASE! HARDER! deeper.. my hips push upward to meet yours..to fuck you back with the same forceful violence as your own mind blowing collision above me. omg, i can't fucking help it.. im gonna cum again.. i close my eyes.. then open them at once.. to look deep into yours.. counting in my head to 3.. 

now I'm  cumming so fucking hard that the intensity of my orgasm makes  my cunt tighten  around your cock almost uncomfortably..muscles contracting hard all around you.. over and over.. milking your length..  `omg' you moan.. saying exactly what im  feeling at that very second.. you can see i feel it too.. and your eyes widen.. your head drops to my shoulder and you begin to cum with me.. so hard and hot against the heat of my cunt and the friction of our fury.. 

insanely hot.. and its so goddamned MUCH cum that it only takes seconds before itsoverflowing onto my thighs and drenching the sheets between them.  