Isabelle and the Tree
by josh

A group of five kids, Isabelle, Kaitlyn, Summer, Jackson, and Isaac, were playing a game of spud at their local park. They all assigned each a number 1 through 5, and one person was “it” and stood in the center of the other kids. The person who is it calls a number out and throws the ball straight into the air. The person whose number is called must grab the ball and yell “spud!”

Isaac was in the center currently and he prepared to throw the ball in the air.
“FOUR!” he yelled as he threw the ball in the air and sprinted away. Four was Isabelle’s number. She fumbled the ball and had to run extra far back to get it.
“Spud!” she finally yelled. The rest of the kids were quite far and Isabelle only had five steps. She leapt as far as she could for each of her “steps” but she was still so far away.
“Betcha can’t get me!” Isaac taunted. Isaac was standing next to a tree, not quite behind it but close enough that it would be difficult to maneuver the ball through the branches. Isabelle decided to attempt it anyway.

Isabelle threw the ball as hard as she could and it arced through the air almost perfectly. Almost. The ball hit the tree and got stuck up on a branch.
“Aww man!” Isaac yelled.
“You gotta get it,” Summer said as she approached Isabelle with the rest of the kids.
“Fine!”

Isabelle walked over to the tree and began to climb. As she stretched around to pull herself the boys were in awe. Her nice bubble butt was outlined in her jeans and her tight striped yellow t-shirt didn’t do much to hide her fairly large developing breasts.

Isabelle stood up on the tree branch she had climbed onto and began to crawl over to the ball. She grabbed it and tossed it down to her friends. Then she sat on the branch and pushed herself off. A small protruding piece of wood caught onto her belt loop, and she ended up basically falling forward as her pants slipped down. They were tight enough that they pulled her matching striped yellow panties straight off with them. To make things even worse, Isabelle was caught on the tight ankles of her jeans.

The rest of the group erupted in laughter at the sight. Isabelle was now stuck upside down naked from the waist down. The boys got a good look at her untrimmed bush before she covered it up.
“Guys, please help!” Isabelle yelled. Instead, the group pulled out their phones to film.

Isabelle tried to wiggle herself out but ended up just spinning herself around. Now the cameras had a nice view of her exposed ass.
“It looks like a ghost!” Jackson yelled. Isabelle didn’t tan naked so her tan lines were a bright white color.

“HELP!” Isabelle screamed. Just then, she managed to pull off her shoes. She slipped out of her jeans and fell to the ground. Before she could get up, Jackson had grabbed the pants and was sprinting away, whipping the jeans around like a trophy. Now covering her lower half the best she could with just two hands Isabelle began to run after Jackson. Her boobs, which she didn’t cover with a bra, jiggled nicely in her tight shirt.

Isabelle, getting chased and filmed by the rest of the group, followed Jackson to try and retrieve her pants.
“Jackson please!” Jackson just giggled and continued to run.

Before Isabelle could realize what was happening it was too late. Isabelle had been led straight from the wooded area of the park to the playground currently packed by a bunch of her classmates.

They all turned and quickly moved over to the half naked girl. Isabelle tried to turn away and run but she ran into Isaac and the girls.
“Why dontcha give them a show?” Kaitlyn asked. They held Isabelle’s hands in the air. Jackson tossed her pants away and moved to pull Isabelle’s shirt off, now fully exposing her.

Isabelle was bright red and she began to squirm, trying to pull herself away while using her legs to try and cover her bush and slit.
“Guys please stop” she begged.
Isaac instead turned to the crowd.
“Do you want to see them jiggle?” he asked. The crowd cheered.
“Isabelle, we’ll let you go but only if you do 25 good jumping jacks, completely uncovered.”

With no other option Isabelle closed her eyes and did 25 jumping jacks, knowing people were seeing and filming her most private parts jiggling around with each leap.

When she was done the group told her she could go.
“What about my clothes?”
“Sorry, they have them now.”
Looking over Isabelle saw the large group of kids tossing her panties and shirts around to each other.

Isabelle simply had to cover up and endure the walk back to her house, which luckily wasn’t far.
