Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Twenty-Four: Trading Bimbo Sluts
Summary: Two bimbo owners swap hotties! Bill Crest has his daughter back!
Keywords: mFF mF Ff mFf Mf mc inc oral facial creampie anal A2P lac exhib voy

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader!

Eric Murphy

I felt good. I had just enjoyed one final climax in Barbie. Her dad was here to get her, though. He had the two bimbos I had requested behind him in trench coats. Chloe Hart the porn star and Maggie Storm the hot weather girl. 

I had my phone held before me, the Bimbo App open. A new prompt had just appeared. From the way that Mr. Crest furrowed his brow, the buff guy had something similar on his phone. I had no idea you could even trade bimbos, but I wasn't at all surprised.

You can trade bimbos from one account to another. Do you want to trade a bimbo with Bill Crest? Beneath the prompt, the classic YES and NO buttons had appeared, just begging to be tapped by me. Well, I hit YES to move things along.

A new screen appeared. Two columns. On the left side were my bimbos' pictures, the same ones on the main screen. On the right side were Mr. Crest's. He had three others besides Maggie Storm and Chloe hart. 

Select as many bimbos as you would like to trade, appeared in the middle of the screen for a moment. 

I dragged Barbie's picture and plopped her into my column. Her father did the same. A Chloe Miller and a Maggie Storm appeared. Chloe Miller must be Chloe Hart's real name which wasn't surprising since she was a porn star. Apparently, Storm really was Maggie Storm's last name. Had she legally changed it or just taken advantage of it.

A new prompt appeared: Complete Trade?

Beneath it were the ubiquitous YES and NO. I took a deep breath. I had enjoyed my last time with my bimbo-maid. She had been a lot of fun. I tapped the YES. Mr. Crest must have hit his already because an animation played of pipes sucking the bimbo's profile pics from one column to the other. I had them as a new question appeared on the screen.

Would you like to reset the bimbo skills and perks? Beneath it were the two buttons YES or NO, of course. It showed me that both of them were Level 2 Bimbos who both had the Huge Boobs Bimbo and Titty Fuck Specialist abilities. In addition, Maggie Storm had the Celebrity Sex Video Whore Perk. 

Well, that wouldn't do. I didn't want to ruin either of their figures, so I hit YES to reset them. I noticed that the shape of their trench coats, which had done a pretty good job hiding the fact they both had huge tits, especially the petite Chloe, changed. They weren't as curvy. 

Congratulations, Maggie Storm and Chloe Miller are now your bimbos! Enjoy!

Tried to change them, huh? I asked as Barbie's maid's uniform vanished from her body, leaving her naked and quivering.

Mr. Crest grinned at me and grunted. Sue me.

Before I could make a joking retort, his fist slammed into my face. I stumbled back, pain exploding. Stars flashed across my eyes. I stumbled back, almost falling. I had never been punched like that. My head rattled. I rubbed at my face and gasped at my nose. It was crooked. Bent. Blood spilled out.

Fucking creep! Mr. Crest growled and grabbed Barbie. He dragged her off. We're going home!

Yay! I'm yours now, Daddy! Barbie squealed as she left with her father, sounding so happy to be his. The door slammed shut behind her as Chloe Hart and Maggie Storm clenched at each other, looking scared.

Not of me, but of Mr. Crest.

Eric! Eric! gasped Chloe Hart, the porn star staring at me with vapid concern. Are you okey-dokey because there's bloodies!

Eric, I lovey you! cried Tina. She appeared before me, her nurse's cap on her head, the halo of light glowing around her face. She cupped my cheeks and bowed her head. Oh, Lordy, heal my wondermus boyfriend. Ameny!

Her halo glowed bright, the light so warm and comforting on my face. I felt my nose straighten with a pop and a flare of pain. It was gone in a moment. I blinked at that. All of the discomfort was gone. The faint headache. I felt great. 

I wiped at the blood with the back of my arm, my nose feeling normal. Damn, thanks, Tina, you're the best.

I'm the besty best! she squealed and kissed me. Her round breasts pressed against my bare chest. My cock throbbed in my jeans. I loved the feel of her lips on my mouth. It was perfect. I was so glad to have her in my harem.

My sexy bimbo-girlfriend ruled.

I broke the kiss and smiled at her. Then I gently guided her to the sides so I could take in the sight of my two new bimbos. I'd miss Barbie, but I had two hot beauties to replace her. They were both grinning at me. Maggie Storm's red hair fell around her lovely face, her smile lighting up the room. Beside her, Chloe Hart looked so cute in her glasses, her blonde hair framing her fresh face.

Eric! Eric, you're not hurty! Maggie Storm said. I predicty a ninety-forty percenty chance of a kissy storm!

You're all okey-dokey now! Chloe Hart said as Maggie darted in the intervening space and started peppering me with kisses.

I enjoyed the kissy storm from the bimbo. Her lips were hot and soft all at the same time. She smooched me everywhere. I loved it. My cock was so hard. Now I wanted to see them both nude. I wanted to gaze on my new bimbos.

You two, take the trench coats off, I said once the kissy storm had passed. 

Maggie Storm gasped and ripped off her trench coat, revealing her round and perky breasts that always looked so delightful in those low-cut silk blouses she wore on the news. Her hips had a lovely curve to them, her legs gorgeous. She was shaved and dripping wet. 

Chloe Hart just looked around expectantly. I frowned until I realized she didn't think I meant her. She was waiting for others to take off their trench coats. I rolled my eyes and smiled. I glanced behind me. My sister was milking herself, of course, and Mom was cooking dinner. Tina was bouncing in place, looking so happy. My other bimbos were sitting on the couch. Three sexy MILFs: Mrs. Waters, Mrs. Juarez, and Mrs. Mayers.

Chloe Hart, take off your trench coat so I can see your naked body, I said.

Ooh, ooh, I lovey getting all nakedy and showing off my cutie booty! squealed Chloe Hart. The porn star ripped open her trench coat in style, flashing me that petite body I had jerked off to so many times before the App.

She was perky and ripe with small breasts. Just little mounds that looked so cute on her. That fucker tried to ruin them by making them huge, but they were perfect on her. She didn't have any tattoos, yet. So many porn stars decorated their bodies with them, but she was one of the few who didn't.

Which made the scenes where she pretended to be a virgin even hotter because she wasn't covered in tats and piercings. 

She had that tight, shaved cunt, though. I could just eat her out. I was so glad to own her. To own them both. My dick was so hard. I unsnapped my jeans and shoved them down, my cock popping out and throbbing before me.

Double BJ, I ordered. Maggie and Chloe, start sucking my dick!

Yesy yes, sucky my boyfriend's awesomey dick, squealed Tina. Lordy above, blessy these two bimbos so they sucky on Eric's mighty cock and make him cummies so hard. Ameny.

Her halo flared, bathing the two new bimbos in golden light as they hurried forward. They both dropped to their knees, wild hunger in their blue and green eyes. Chloe Hart pushed up her glasses before she kissed at the side of my cock. Right where the shaft met the crown. She flicked her tongue there. I groaned as Maggie Storm kissed me from the other side. I felt so good. I loved that so much.

My two newest bimbos were giving me such a treat. I loved it so much as they both flicked their tongues around the crown of my cock. They did such naughty things to me. It was amazing feeling them licking me like that. They danced their tongues around the crown of my cock.

It was an amazing sensation. I groaned as they both nuzzled their lips together. Red hair mixed with blonde. Chloe's glasses slipped down the bride of her nose. Their tongues flicked over my spongy tip, giving me such pleasure.

Damn, I groaned as I loved what they did to me. Oh, damn, that's good!

Chloe winked at me behind her glasses then swallowed my cock. Her lips slid over the crown of my dick. I groaned at how amazing that felt. It was just a delight to have her mouth sealing about my shaft. She suckled hard. With such passion.

Chloe Hart is sucking on my dick, I groaned, reveling in this moment. Shit, yes!

Chloe squealed around my cock. She nursed on me with all her might. She was so good at it. She knew what she was doing. Her tongue flicked around me. This was a porn star professional nursing on my dick while the rest of my harem watched.

I heard moans and giggles. The three MILFs on the couch were all fingering each other's pussies. Tina was watching on, her hands clasped before her naked breasts. They were cuffed together so they almost always were clasped in prayer. She wiggled her hips, her pussy juices dripping down her thighs. My little sister was supplying more bottles of milk for that expensive health boutique in Manhattan to sell for way too much.

I loved it. Chloe Hart bobbed her head while Maggie Storm whimpered. The redheaded weather girl wanted to get in on the fun. That was clear. Her eyes burned so bright. I stroked my hand through her fiery curls.

Chloe, you have to share, I said. Good bimbo-sluts share my dick. And you're a good bimbo-slut, right?

Chloe Hart ripped her mouth off my cock with a wet plop, drool spilling down her chin. I'm a goody bimboy-slut who loveys your dick and wants to do naughty thingies to you and share you and blow you and ride you and fucky you and cummy on you and so many funny thingies!

As she squealed all that out, Maggie Storm swallowed my cock. I groaned, loving having the weather girl's mouth around my dick. This was an awesome trade. I was so glad to have them both. They were both so amazing. 

And they both gave me such an amazing blowjob. Maggie Storm knew how to suck dick, too. She nursed with all her might on my cock, her cheeks hollowing. The pressure reached down to my nuts. They twitched as she loved me.

Damn, I groaned, sliding my fingers through both their silky tresses. Maggie Storm and Chloe Hart together!

That's me! squealed Chloe. I'm Chloe Hart and I'm a naughty girl who does porny thingies and my mommy hates it and I lovey it because she's a meany bitch and I sucky cock so goody and want to suckle your cock so muchy much, Eric! You owny me! It's awesomey!

That's right, I said. I own you. Mmm, Maggie Storm, be a good bimbo and share. Let Chloe suckle, too.

Maggie Storm popped her mouth off my cock and, pouting, said, Okey-dokey. But... I just lovey your cock, Eric. You owny me, too! And that's so awesomey!

Chloe squealed her agreement as she suckled my cock into her mouth. She nursed on me. I groaned as the porn star swirled her tongue around my dick. I loved how great the bimbo was at it. She was born to nurse my dick. To be owned by me.

I never wanted to trade either of them away. I was just so glad to have that hot mouth working up and down my cock. She suckled hard, my nuts twitching. The pressure built and built at the tip of my cock. I couldn't wait to cum on her face.

Both their faces.

Chloe passed me off to Maggie. The bimbofied weather girl suckled on my cock with passion. She nursed on me with all that delight. The moans behind me grew louder as the three MILFs on the couch fingered each other.

I loved the sounds they made as Maggie suckled on my cock. Then she popped her lips off to allow Chloe the same delight. And it was a delight. A pure and rapturous bliss to feel suckling on my dick. I loved it so much. I savored that hot mouth suckling on me. It was such a perfect moment to have that delicious mouth bobbing away at my cock.

Just a fantastic one. I groaned with the hot, sucking delight. I savored the passion of that moment. It was such a good delight. I savored it. My nuts twitched and throbbed as they passed me back and forth. First Chloe then Maggie then Chloe again.

You two bimbos are going to have my cum spurting all over your faces! I groaned.

Ameny! cooed Tina.

There's a ninety-eight-seventy-sixty percenty chance of that happening! Maggie Storm said and grabbed my dick. She stroked the base as Chloe suckled on it. 

Predicting a jizzy storm, huh? I groaned as Chloe danced her tongue around the crown of my cock.

Maggie Storm nodded, trying to look so serious and almost succeeding. Almost.

Shit, I groaned as the pressure hit the peak at my cock. Chloe, it's time for the money shot!

She ripped her mouth off my dick and moaned, Cummy on our faces, Eric! I wanna have your cummies on me and in me and on me! Yay!

Yay! squealed Maggie Storm, her hand flying up and down my cock. Jizzy storm!

I threw back my head and grunted, Fuck!

My cock erupted. My cum sprayed across the bimbos' faces. I stared down at them, my jizz splashing about Maggie Storm's wholesome features and across Chloe Hart's girl-next-door features. I coated them in my jizz, ropy lines splashing across Chloe's glasses.

I soaked them in my cum as the ecstasy slammed through my body. Stars flashed across my vision. I love this bliss. It was such a wonderful moment. I grunted with each blast of cum that erupted from my cock.

Jizzies! Chloe moaned and thrust out her tongue. She caught my salty jizz on her tongue.

So did Maggie Storm. I painted both their features. I drenched them in my jizz, savoring the pleasure sweeping through me. The ecstasy slammed into my mind. Stars flashed across my vision. This was just perfect. It was majestic.

Fantastic.

My cock throbbed, spurting blast after blast of cum that sprayed them down. The pleasure slammed into my mind one last time as I erupted that final burst of jizz. I painted both their faces. I soaked them in spunk.

Then Chloe Hart did the thing I loved in porn. She pulled off her glasses and started licking my cum off her lenses. I groaned as her pink tongue stroked over her glasses, cleaning them off. I panted, my heart screaming in my chest. 

Fuck, I breathed as Maggie Storm joined her, jizz-covered cheek rubbing into jizz-covered cheek. They both were lapping up the cum. This is fucking amazing.

Ameny! cooed Tina before she dropped to her knees before me and started licking up cum from their faces.

All three of them were doing that. Lapping up cum and sharing it with each other. I groaned at the hot sight, my dick so hard. I gripped my phone. I loved this so much. They snowballed my jizz back and forth. 

It was so hot. Two new bimbos. I glanced at their portraits. They were at the bottom. Barbie was gone... Well, she was with her father. He would take care of her. It wasn't like I traded her off to some scumbag. The guy loved her daughter. Imagine that, a father caring that much about his kid.

I felt good about trading away Barbie. It felt right for her to be with her father. He would take care of her. And I had two new bimbos to take care of. They were both Level 2, still. That was good. But I still got to level them up.

I decided to make Maggie Storm my replacement bimbo-maid, so that meant going down the Anal Slut Bimbo tree. Since she was Level 2, she also got the A2M Specialist. She was very close to leveling up. Excellent. After that, I decided to make Chloe into a Creampie Lover Bimbo and then into a Kegel Expert Bimbo. I had plans to send her down the bukakke route, the other path from the one that I put Mom onto.

Tina and the new bimbos were still lapping up cum when I finished. I moved around them and smiled at Maggie Storm's ass. She was so close to leveling. I bet if I fucked her in the ass, that would put her over the edge.

It was great owning bimbos. I didn't have to ask permission. They would always be eager to do these naughty things with me. So I dropped down to my knees behind Maggie Storm and slapped my cock onto her cute rump.

Eric, she moaned. Ooh, ooh, do you wanna fucky my buttyhole? I have the bestest ass in town! You're gonna lovey it!

Yes, I am, I said and pressed my dick into her butt-crack.

Tina and Chloe kept making out. My bimbo-girlfriend was kissing the sexy porn star. That was so hot. They would do naughty things together. I had jacked off before picturing Tina and Chloe, and now it was the reality before my eyes.

My cock found Maggie Storm's asshole. I pushed against her anal ring, drilling on her. I gripped her hips as I pushed against her backdoor. She moaned in delight. It was so clear that she was ready for me to ram my cock past her anal sheath and make her cum.

Yesy yes! she whimpered, her red hair swaying around her shoulders. Her asshole widened. Get in my buttyhole, Eric! Yay!

I slid into her buttyhole I savored that wonderful delight. Her bowels swallowed my cock in such an exciting manner. It was fantastic working into her bowels. She felt incredible around my cock. Just fantastic. I slid to the hilt in her anal sheath.

I loved the way her bowels squeezed around my cock. She held me tight with her bowels, whimpering and moaning. She shifted, kneeling know on her hands and knees while Tina and Chloe were sinking the to the floor. They were making out.

Tina, I groaned. You should bless Chloe by eating out her pussy while she eats out yours.
Ooh, Eric, you're so smarty! my bimbo-priestess said, her eyes flashing to me. That's why I lovey you so much. Your smarty and your hunky and your hungy!

I grinned at her as she shifted around on Chloe. In moments, they were sixty-nining while I bottomed out in Maggie Storm's asshole. I loved having my cock all the way in her bowels. I gripped her hips and drew back my dick. She clamped her bowels down around me. 

Ooh, ooh, Mommy! squealed Cherry. My sister's moans echoed through the living room. That's my pussy! You're eatying my pussy. Moooo!

I am, Mom purred. Dinner will be ready in a while, but... There's time for some pussy munchying!

I loved it. I glanced back at Mom. She was pregnant with our child thanks to being a Breeder Bimbo now. She was supposed to have our child fast, and our daughter would grow up just as fast and become one of my bimbos when she was old enough. 

Right now, Mom wasn't showing at all, but she was feasting on my little sister's pussy. Just eating her out. I loved it. I slammed my cock back into Maggie Storm's asshole. She moaned, kneeling before the sixty-nining cuties.

Tina was on top, devouring Chloe's pussy. The porn star's hands gripped my bimbo-priestess's rump. They devoured each other, moaning in delight. Just like Maggie was as I fucked her anal sheath. I pumped away at her backdoor, reveling in that big dick pumping away at her asshole. 

She moaned, squeezing her bowels around me and wiggling her hips. She was good at that. So good. Her asshole felt amazing. Like fucking Mom's pussy. Maggie Storm knew how to work her anal sheath to massage my dick.

Yesy yes, I lovey taking it up the ass! squealed Maggie Storm. There's a ninety-ninety-ten percenty chance that I'll cummy on that biggie dick!

Mmm, and what's the chance that I'll cum in your asshole? I asked, slamming into the weather girl's tight bowels.

Ninety-ninety-ten-two chance! she gasped, squeezing her bowels around my dick.

I like those odds, I groaned, slamming into her anal sheath with force, reveling in her hot anal sheath gripping me. The pressure built at the tip of my cock. Shit, you got a great ass.

She squealed in delight and wiggled her hips. She stirred that amazing asshole around my dick. She was good at that. Knew just what I loved. It was fantastic ramming to the hilt in her bowels and feeling her gripping me like that. I loved it so much. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her with all that force. It was perfect.

She gripped me with her anal sheath while I watched Tina and Chloe Hart sixty-nining. They feasted on each other while I rammed my cock in and out of Maggie Storm's asshole. I fucked her hard, groaning with each plunge into her bowels.

Ooh, Ooh, Lordy blessy this pussy that I eat to always and forever and always give Eric all the goody best cummies! prayed Tina. Ameny!

Amney! moaned Chloe as she squirmed beneath the bimbo-priestess.

Ameny! squealed Cherry. She trembled as Mom feasted on her cunt. Such a naughty mommy.

My harem was awesome. I slammed deep and hard into Maggie Storm's asshole, the pressure building and building in my balls. I rose toward that big burst of delight. I would have a mighty cum. Just shower her cunt in my jizz.

I buried deep and hard into her asshole, my nuts slapping against her taint. I loved burying into her. I fucked into her depths with such force. It was majestic to do that. Just such a rush to fuck her anal sheath as hard as I could.

She squeezed her bowels around my dick. She held me tight with her cunt. I hurtled toward my amazing climax. I would have a huge burst of jizz. Just shower her in all my spunk. I plowed to the hilt in her asshole.

Ooh, ooh, that's so goody great! gasped Maggie Storm. Anally fuckying is the bestiest best, Eric! I lovey it so much!

Fuck, yeah, I groaned, hammering her bowels. I'm going to flood that asshole with cum!

Ooh, ooh, floody my assyhole with cummies! She threw a look over her shoulder, her green eyes sparkling. Pleasey please, Eric! I lovey your cock so much! I'm yours! Your weathery girl!

Damn straight, I growled as I fucked her bowels. I own your ass!

Yesy sir, you do! She clamped her asshole down around my cock. Ooh, ooh, and you fucky my ass so perfectly. I lovey it. I'm gonna cummy so hard on your dick. Just have such a biggie climax!

I loved hearing that. I swept my hands up her sides to grip her round boobs. I squeezed those perky tits that I had lusted after on TV. I knead them as I slammed my cock into her bowels. She squeezed her anal sheath down on my dick. She held me tight.

The pressure grew and grew in my nuts. I groaned, loving this pleasure. I fucked her bowels with such force. I hammered her anal sheath with all that I had. She moaned, her hips wiggling back and forth as I fucked her hard. She stirred her bowels around my dick.

Yesy yes! she moaned. Oh, oh, that's it. That's so goody great. Just keep fuckying me... cause... cause... Cummies!

Her anal sheath convulsed around my cock.

I groaned as I fucked her writhing asshole. I buried into her anal sheath over and over again as she suckled at me. She nursed at my bowels with that hot anal sheath. She gripped me with that amazing sheath. I loved it so much.

Fuck! I groaned as her amazing asshole brought me to the brink. I buried into her and erupted.

I flooded her anal sheath with my cum. I spurted again and again, the pleasure slamming through my body. I shuddered, savoring that heat washing through me. It was just so wondrous to pump Maggie Storm's asshole full of my jizz.

My phone beeped as I pumped more and more cum into her anal sheath. I loved that thrill. It was so hot having her bowels rippling around me. Her anal sheath nursed at my spurting cock. The pleasure hammered my mind.

Ooh, ooh, so many cummies! she moaned. Yay!

As I dumped her asshole full of cum, Tina squealed atop Chloe Hart, I lovey cummies! Yay!

Pussy juices shower, yay! Chloe Hart gasped.

The two sixty-nining bimbos writhed together as they climaxed, too. I loved the sight as I pumped the last of my cunt on Maggie Storm's asshole. I filled her to the brim with all that jizz that I had in my nuts. I panted, the pleasure sweeping through me. 

Damn, I groaned, savoring that heat washing through me. Damn, that's good.

I ripped out of her asshole and grabbed my phone. Just like I had hoped, Maggie Storm had hit Level 3. That meant I could make her into an Anal Kegel Mistress or a Maid Bimbo. Well, I wanted to have another Maid Bimbo so that was an easy choice.

She suddenly was wearing the same slutty maid's uniform that Barbie had on. Maggie hopped to her feet and scurried off to start dusting, rushing past the three MILFs on the couch kissing each other and fingering each other's pussies. Maggie Storm bent over so the lacy skirt rode up her rump and flashed her ass at me, my cum dripping out of her butt-crack.

A new perk for Maggie Storm appeared that I could buy for her. It cost 30 Bimbo Crystals to pick up the Celebrity Maid Call Girl Perk. I read the description: A Maid Bimbo who is a celebrity who has also been fucked by three men other than her owner. Lets her be rented out as a live-in bang maid. Gets a 15% bonus.

Damn, she's a better version of Barbie, I said. All thanks to her being a celebrity. Awesome. I didn't care about 30 Bimbo Crystals. I made so much money from prostituting my girls. And that didn't count that I had a new video starring Mrs. Waters.

All that fingering on the couch.

So I uploaded that to BimboVids titled Three Bimbo MILFs Lez Out! I made good money just from selling vids of Mrs. Waters. I had already made nearly a $1000 from Bimbo Harem Goes Wild on the Plane. It was a four-hour masterpiece of all the fucking we did on the way back from New York today. 

Chloe, I want to use your pussy to clean my dick, I said. Come ride my cock.

Ooh, I like cleanying your dick, Tina said then glanced at the bimbo-maid. Her tongue flicked over her lips. Mmm, but Maggie's butty-crack is all full of jizzies. I should clean her out and make sure she's healthy. Ameny!

She scampered over, her handcuffs jingling. She reached Maggie storm and buried her face into the bimbo-maid's butt-crack and started licking. I groaned at the sight of Tina lapping up my cum from Maggie's asshole.

I sank to the floor. Chloe straddled me, the porn star grabbing my dick. Ooh, ooh, dirty dickie in my pussy. I never used to do anally scenes, but I lovey them now. I lovey you, Eric. I'll do it! I'll use my cunty hole to cleany your cock!

Thanks, I said as she lowered her twat to my dick, her hand aiming my cock right for her juicy slit. 

It was so hot having Chloe Hart straddling me. My favorite porn star, the petite slut-next-door, had such a wicked look in her eyes, her glasses perched innocently on her nose. She looked so cute and wholesome. As American as apple pie.

But her pussy was shaved bare and dripping with juices. She licked her lips wet with Tina's pussy juices and pressed my dirty dick into her cunt. She groaned in delight as she rubbed me up and down her slit. The bimbofied porn star grinned at me.

Eric! she squealed and plunged her cunt down my cock. She took every inch of me. I groaned as she swallowed my cock with her wet and silky snatch. Yay!

Fuck, I groaned as she took every inch of me. She felt so amazing wrapped around my dirty cock. That delicious pussy squeezed me. Ride me! Ride me and buff my dick clean!

Yesy sir, Eric, she moaned and slid her juicy pussy up my cock.

She squeezed down so hard, polishing my pole with that wonderful cunt. I groaned, her small titties quivering. She gasped, her blonde hair spilling around her fresh face. She plunged her cunt back down my cock, gasping like she did in the videos.

This was better than that POV scene she did where it looked like she was riding my cock. Now she was for real. Riding my dirty dick, buffing off Maggie Storm's tight ass. I loved this so much. I was in heaven here. My bimbo harem had gotten even better.

I stroked her thighs as I enjoyed the sight of Chloe Hart riding my dick. If I had friends, they would be so jealous. I just enjoyed the feel of her pussy gripping me. She squeezed her cunt down around me while wiggling her hips.

Her pussy felt as incredible as Mom's.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. Ride that big dick!

Ridying that biggie dick and polishing it all cleany! she squealed. Eric! Oh, Eric, you're the bestiest best! I wanna ride your cock every day just over and over and over again!

Me, too, Mom said. She was watching us and rubbing her belly. Her big boobs swayed before her. My sister knelt before her and started munching on Mom's cunt. Ooh, ooh, Cherry! You're such a goody daughter!

Mooo! moaned the bimbo-HuCow. I loved the sounds she made feasting on Mom.

Tina was devouring Maggie Storm's sphincter and fingering her cunt. The handcuffs jangled as my bimbo-girlfriend had her fun. She must have her tongue deep into Maggie Storm's asshole to find my jizz.

I loved it. Especially with Chloe riding my dick. She worked that hot cunt up and down my cock. She squeezed her snatch around me, massaging me. I loved it. I hurtled toward that moment of climaxing as she plunged her hot cunt down my cock, her silky flesh massaging me. 

I groaned as the pressure grew and grew in my nuts to cum in Chloe's pussy. The porn star worked her cunt up and down my cock. She planted her hands on my chest and really rode me, her hips undulating to stir her juicy twat around my cock.

Shit, I groaned as her glasses slipped on her nose. Chloe Hart is riding my dick.

I am! She smiled at me. Her dimples dazzled. I'm ridying it and loveying it and squeezing it and massaging it and loveying it, Eric!

I rose toward my orgasm. She had such an incredible pussy. I loved every last second of that hot cunt plunging down my cock before sliding up me. She squeezed about me, massaging me with that wonderful snatch. 

Mom rubbed her belly with one hand while the gripped my little sister's head. Mom held Cherry to that delicious pussy. She trembled, grinding her bred cunt on Cherry's mouth. My sister wiggled her rump as she enjoyed that cunt.

Ooh, ooh, that's so goody great, Maggie Storm moaned. There's a ninety-fifty-seventy-three percenty chance I'll cummy so hard on your fingers and your tongue all wigglying about in my butthole!

Ameny, cooed Tina, her face buried between the weather girl's butt-cheeks.

The three MILFs watched from the couch while Chloe worked that hot cunt up and down my cock. She brought me closer and closer to bursting. Closer and closer to spurting all that jizz into her cunt. she squeezed that hot snatch around me. 

It was a perfect moment. Just an incredible delight having her riding me like that. She worked that hot cunt up and down my dick. She massaged me with all that hot flesh. I hurtled toward that moment of climax. 

Ooh, ooh, ooh, Chloe moaned, plunging her cunt down my cock. I want your cummies in my pussy. Creamypie me, Eric! Creamypie me!

Her cunt writhed around my cock.

Shit, yes! I grunted as her climaxing cunt massaged my dick. She suckled at me with all that she had. The pleasure swept through me. You're gonna get creampied, Chloe. Fuck!

Yes, yes, creamypie her, honey, Mom moaned as I erupted into the porn star's cunt.

I flooded Chloe Hart's pussy with my jizz. The spunk erupted from my cock and flooded her pussy. I loved that ecstasy sweeping through me. It was spectacular having all that jizz slamming through me. Stars flared before me as I pumped my cum into her snatch.

I filled her pussy with my jizz. I erupted into her over and over again. I loved how amazing it felt to dump my jizz into her snatch. She had such an amazing cunt. She massaged me, grinning from ear to ear as I filled her pussy with jizz.

Fuck! I grunted as I dumped the last of my cum into her snatch. Oh, fuck, Chloe!

I felt great. She had an amazing cunt, and she worked out all that cum that I had in my nuts. She smile down at me while my mother moaned as she climaxed on my little sister's mouth. Mom kept rubbing at her belly as her magnificent breasts heaved.

Ooh, ooh, Tina! gasped Maggie Storm. Amy men! That's so goody great!

And now you're all cleany! reported Priestess Tina. 

I had to get Chloe up to Level 3. She was getting closer. So I motioned to my little sister. Come breastfeed Chloe while I fuck her in the ass.

Ooh, ooh, yesy! Cherry squealed. Moooooo! I'm a HuCowy slut! Mooooo!

My sister dropped to her knees nearby as Chloe rose off my cock. The porn star gasped, I've never breastyfed before. Yay!

She nuzzled into my little sister's big boobs. I sat up, watching Chloe Hart's heart-shaped rump wiggling at me. She had a great ass for such a petite thing. I loved it. My cock was dripping with cum. Maid Maggie Storm flitted around the living room, dusting. Mom went off to cheek on dinner. The three MILFs were still all cuddled up and watching the fun.

I pressed my cock into Chloe's butt-crack as she found my sister's nipple and latched on. Cherry beamed in delight as she breastfed the porn star. I slid my wet dick down to Chloe's asshole and thrust against her backdoor.

She moaned around my sister's nipple as her anal ring widened and widened. I loved the feel of her asshole stretching open. She suckled with noisy passion, gulping down my sister's amazing breast milk. Cherry beamed at me as I thrust hard against Chloe's asshole.

I popped into her bowels.

Fuck, I groaned as I sank into her anal sheath. That wonderful hole devoured my cock. A big smile spread on my lips as I ventured into her backdoor. Chloe Hart kept nursing as her bowels devoured my dick. This is an amazing day!

Cherry grinned at me as she stroked her hand through Chloe's blonde hair. The porn star gulped down my little sister's yummy breast milk as I drew back my cock. I savored that tight asshole gripping my dick. She held me tight, massaging me.

I loved it as I thrust back to the hilt in her anal sheath. I fucked deep and hard into her bowels, my nuts slapping into her taint. The cutie squealed out in delight as she wiggled her hips from side to side. She stirred her asshole around my cock.

Fuck, yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. Just fucking amazing!

She gulped down more delicious and creamy breast milk.

My sister beamed at me as I fucked Chloe's asshole. Her tight bowels massaged my dick. She brought me closer and closer to erupting into her asshole. I would have a great time fucking her anal sheath. I pounded her hard and fast. I buried into her over and over again. 

Her butt-cheeks rippled. I loved it, my hands gripping her hips. Her asshole squeezed about me, bringing me closer and closer to bursting. She knew just how to hold me tight. She had such an amazing anal sheath. I groaned, savoring that delight. I buried into her asshole hard and fast.

I fucked her with force. I plowed into her anal sheath with everything that I had. It was fantastic to hammer her anal sheath. I plowed to the hilt in her bowels. She clamped her anal sheath around my cock. I shuddered, fucking her hard and fast. She wiggled her hips, massaging me with that wonderful sheath.

Shit, I groaned as I fucked her.

Moo, mooo, she's gulpying down all my yummy milky treats! Cherry said. She loveys them!

God, yes. I slammed into Chloe's asshole, the pressure swelling in my balls. They were so tight. So full of all that cum that would spurt into her anal sheath.

I pumped away at her, loving how she squeezed her bowels down around my cock. It was just fantastic to feel her bowels around my dick. I was so close to bursting in her. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels.

She squealed out in delight. Her anal sheath convulsed around my cock. She spasmed about me, suckling at me. I groaned at the way her bowels rippled around my cock. She kept nursing from my sister as her bowels went wild.

Fuck! I groaned, my phone beeping. I plowed to the hilt in her spasming asshole and erupted.

My cum spurted into her asshole. I jizzed in Chloe Hart's anal sheath. The pleasure slammed through me. It was just wild having all that delight surging through me. I shuddered, savoring this ecstasy.

Shit, I groaned, the pleasure slamming into me.

Moo! squealed my little sister happily.

I shuddered, flooding Chloe's asshole. I filled her bowels up with all my cum. Her anal sheath rippled around me, milking out the jizz. I gripped her hips and grunted, firing that last blast of cum into her asshole. I felt amazing. 

I ripped out of her asshole and snagged my phone. She had hit Level 3. I made her a Bukakke Lover. She didn't come with any perks. I guess Bill didn't arrange for her to fuck other men. I'd have to do that. 

Ooh, ooh, I want cummies all over me, cooed Chloe.

I'd have to arrange that. Men would pay to fuck Chloe Hart. To gangbang her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bill Crest

Barbie flounced out of the shower, all the disgusting things that creep had done to her washed away. I had given her new abilities. I chose to make her an Oral Sex Bimbo then picked Deep Throat Specialist and lastly Cum Slut. 

Daddy, can I have your cummies! she asked as she flounced before me, her round boobs jiggling. I want them oh, so muchy.

Of course, you can, I said. I had her locked down, too. I was making money off those Maggie Storm vids still. I owned them even though she was the creep's. You can suck Daddy's cock as much as you want.

Her blue eyes lit up as she dropped to her knees before me. She grabbed my dick and swallowed it. I groaned as my little girl suckled on my rod. I leaned back and savored her hot mouth wrapped around my cock. It was perfect.

She bobbed her head. She knew what she was doing. My little girl had a tongue on her, too. She suckled on my cock with all that passion. She nursed on me with everything that she had. I groaned as I loved every last moment of her nursing.

Fuck, I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's just perfect. Damn, you're a good cocksucker!

She moaned around my cock.

Jennifer, your daughter sucks dick like you do, I grunted to my bimbo-wife. She was watching and looking so proud. My other two bimbo-wives were moaning in the background. Probably sixty-nining.

Yay! Jennifer said, bouncing up and down. Her big, fake tits heaved as her blonde hair danced around her features. That's so greaty! Go, Barbie, go! Suck your daddy's cock like a goody girl!
Barbie did.

I loved her mouth working up and down my cock. She suckled with passion. The pressure in my balls grew and grew. I would pump her mouth full of jizz. Just fill her belly with all my spunk. Then I would fuck her.

I would feel my little girl's pussy around my cock.

This time, I didn't have to pay. I didn't have to watch as she prostituted herself out to other men. She wouldn't ever have to be touched by some low-life creep again. Just her Daddy and my bimbo-wives. 

And any other bimbos I might pick up.

I savored her suckling on me. She nursed hard on my cock. She suckled with such passion on me. She was so hungry for that cum. She wiggled her hips back and forth as she nursed on me with all her might.

Damn, Barbie, I groaned. Love it! You're sucking Daddy's cock like a champ!

Yesy you are! Jennifer squealed, clapping her hands together. Go, Barbie, go! Woot!

Jennifer's old life as a cheerleader was coming back to her. I had fucked her in that cheer uniform when we were dating. She had bounced on me with it. I had to see Barbie in her cheer outfit. She had one in her bedroom. I hadn't touched her room.

She swirled her tongue around the crown of my cock. That felt incredible. I groaned, my nuts tightening. She brought me closer to erupting. The pressure built at the tip. That itching need to cum swelled in me.

I had to fill her mouth with my spunk.

Barbie! I growled.

Yesy yes! my wife gasped. You sucky that biggie dick. Your daddy has the bestest cock. I know!

Yes, you do, I groaned. Fuck!

My daughter suckled with all her might. Her cheeks hollowed with her passion. She stared up at me with those blue eyes. I slid my hand through her cornsilk hair, loving the texture of her tresses. She loved me with all her might.

She was such a good girl. Just the best bimbo-daughter a father could want.

Shit! I groaned and erupted into my little girl's mouth.

I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her mouth. she gulped it down. She swallowed all my jizz with hunger. She moaned around it, her blue eye staring up at me. I shuddered, enjoying the rapture slamming through my body.

My phone beeped. A notification from the App.

My daughter suckled on my cock with hunger, drawing out every drop of cum that I had. She gulped it down, moaning her delight. She was a cum lover. I shuddered, savoring that hot bliss as more and more of my jizz flooded her mouth.

Goddamn, your daughter sucks dick as good you do, I grunted to my first bimbo-wife.
Jennifer grinned and clapped her hands together. That's so goody, honey. Swallow all your daddy's cum like a goody girl!

Barbie moaned around my cock and did just that. I grunted, savoring that bliss. I enjoyed it so much. I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her mouth. She swallowed it all down. I panted, my heart racing. I felt so damned good.

I erupted one more time into my daughter's mouth. Share with your mother!

She ripped her mouth off my cock, bolted to her feet, and turned around. Barbie hugged her mommy and kissed her. The two blondes moaned as they shared my jizz, passing it back and forth. I smiled, my family was all back together. 

I grabbed my phone and saw that Barbie had hit Level 4. I smiled. I had my three bimbo-wives and my bimbo-daughter. What more did a man need?

To be continued...
