WHAT DO YOU WANT, ALYSSA?

By Ciad



PART 1


It was in January, the night was cold and every breath turned 

into a big white cloud of mist.  Even if the temperature was 

freezing the queue outside the nightclub was long.  Somewhere 

in the middle Marc and Scott was trying to keep warm while 

waiting for their turn.

     "Damn!  I wish I was more wasted!" Scott mumbled.

     "Umhm," Marc replied.  "And have the guards refusing 

you?"

     "Ah, well...  I meant this freezing cold..."

     "Yeah I know."

     "I guess I'd rater freeze like a dog and get in," Scott 

finally sighed.

     Almost a quarter of an hour later it was finally their 

turn to be let into the warmth.  They both smiled as they 

stepped inside.  It was not just the higher temperature of the 

club that made them smile though.  They looked around and 

wherever the looked there was fresh, sweet opportunities just 

waiting to be taken advantage of.

     Marc handed over his jacket to the checkroom attendant 

and as he entered the actual nightclub he mentally rubbed his 

hands. 

     "Check her out," he mumbled and nodded at a tall girl 

with dark hair, sitting alone by the bar counter.

     "She looks like the kind of woman that eat guys like you 

for breakfast," Scott joked.

     "She can eat me anytime," Marc replied and started 

towards the woman.



Jamie was leaning against the bathroom wall with a beer in her 

hand.  She frowned when once again a wisp of her copper hair, 

escaped from the knot in the back of her head, fell down the 

sides of her face and seemed to want to get into her eyes.  

She placed the rebellious lock behind her ear, not wanting to 

remake her hairdo again.  She was eager to finish in here and 

get back out.

     Alyssa was standing in front of the mirror.  She was 

something of an opposite of her friend.  She was short, and 

her straight hair was flowing freely down the sides and back 

of her head, reaching past her shoulders, almost to half her 

back.  Her blue eyes would usually only flash quickly at 

anyone that watched her before she lowered them again.  She 

leaned closer to the bathroom mirror, then sighed and glanced 

at Jamie beside her.

     "My eyeliner is all fucked up," she mumbled.

     "As if any of the horny guys here will notice?" Jamie 

replied and took a sip of her beer.

     Alyssa frowned.

     "So, you were saying?" Jamie prodded Alyssa.

     "Well, ever since Thomas and I broke up..."

     "Yes?" Jamie asked when Alyssa fell silent.

     "I've been feeling..."

     "Horny?"

     "Jamie!" Alyssa cried.  "I was going to say... empty."

     "That's just a nice way of saying you're horny...  you 

need someone to 'fill' your emptiness girl."

     "My god!" Alyssa's light blue eyes grew wide with shock.  

"I do NOT need ... that!"

     Jamie smiled.



Marc was smiling at Janice, the tall woman by the counter.

     "It's been nice talking to you," he said and got up.  

"But I've left my friend alone long enough."

     "It was nice talking to you too," Janice smiled back.

     "Do you have e-mail?" Marc asked and when Janice nodded 

he picked out a notebook and a pencil.  "Write it down..." he 

said and placed the notebook on the counter in front of her.

     "Why?" Janice smiled.

     "So that I can send you eleven emails a day, of course."

     "Uhum?"

     "Trust me," Marc said.  "It's gonna be okay."

     Janice picked up the pencil and gave Marc another glance 

before she started writing.

     "Write your number too," Marc added while catching the 

attention of the bartender.

     Janice gave him another glance and he smiled at her.  

"I'm telling you, don't worry...  You know, with that kind of 

jumpy attitude you should be happy any guy talks to you..."

     At this Janice laughed, she had been approached by almost 

half a dozen guys the hour she'd been in the club.  She wrote 

down her phone number under her mail address.

     "Thanks," Marc smiled at Janice before turning to the 

bartender.



Jamie pushed a wisp of hair out of her face and looked at 

Alyssa who was leaning closely to the mirror trying to mend 

her eyeliner.  She stared down at the toilet with a frown.  

She had to pee.  She tore off several lengths of toilet paper 

and wiped the seat.

     Finally she straightened her back.  Was Alyssa watching 

her?  It seemed as if Alyssa had twisted her eyes back into 

the mirror with a start but the movement was so small Jamie 

could not be sure.  She smiled into the mirror and into her 

girlfriend's eyes while she pulled up her tight mini skirt 

around her waist and started to push down her black lace 

panties.

     When Jamie's crotch was bared, Alyssa's eyes grew wide.  

Her gaze stuck between Jamie's legs, then darted back at the 

mirror as Jamie sat down on the toilet.

     "What?" Jamie suddenly asked as she caught Alyssa's 

glances.  A small smile was playing in the corners of her 

mouth.

     "You're shaved?" Alyssa asked breathlessly.

     Jamie parted her legs and looked down at her hairless 

mound.

     "Yeah..." She caressed herself, making Alyssa swallow.  

"You like it?"

     "It... it looks... isn't that prickly?"

     "No," Jamie slowly smiled.  "Wanna feel it?" she added 

with a sly grin.

     "Jamie!" Alyssa gasped and turned back to the mirror.

     Jamie couldn't wipe her grin off her face even after they 

had left the restroom and headed for the bar.

     "What?" Alyssa yelled over the loud music.

     "You're a prude," Jamie replied with a grin and started 

working her way through the mass of people standing in front 

of the counter.

     Alyssa frowned at her girlfriend's back and started to 

follow her.  What gave Jamie the right to call her a prude?  

She decided to ask Jamie what she meant when she was suddenly 

squeezed between two large guys.  Alyssa ruthlessly pushed her 

elbow into the side of one of the guys - Scott.  He twitched 

and turned to her.

     "Sorry," Alyssa smiled and continued, but she was stopped 

when Scott took her by her arm.

     "Listen," he said, dead calm expression on his face.  

"Either you warn me in advance or at least try to grope me 

gently next time?"

     "Grope you?" Alyssa gasped.

     "Yeah," he added.  "Just pretend as if nothing happened.  

I know why you're trying to reach the counter."

     "Alcohol?"

     "Well, all the guys are here...  I bet you're groping 

every one of them!"

     "You wish!" Alyssa frowned at him.

     "I wish?" Scott replied without blinking.  "I wish that 

women wouldn't take advantage of me as soon as I turn my back 

at them."

     "Poor little baby, are the women bad with you?" Alyssa 

laughed.

     "Don't belittle me," Scott warned and with one glance 

from her head to toe he sighed and left.

     Alyssa stared after him until Jamie returned from the 

counter with two drinks in her hands.

     "What was that about?" she asked and peered after Scott.

     "An asshole," Alyssa replied and took her drink.

     "Cute one too," Jamie said as they headed for a still 

empty table.

     "Maybe, but way too conceited for my taste."

     "You're such a prude!"

     "Don't say that!"

     Jamie laughed and met her eyes for another couple of 

seconds before she turned facing the room.  "So, where are the 

cuties?"

     "There's one?" Alyssa said and nodded in the direction of 

a tall, well-built man with a ponytail.

     "I'd love to see him curing your emptiness," Jamie 

grinned.

     "I can imagine.  I'd probably had to lock the door to 

keep you out of the bed... bedroom."

     "Would you?"

     "Lock the door?" Alyssa asked.

     "Keep me out of the bed?"

     Alyssa swallowed, but before she had a chance to answer 

someone appeared by the table.  Both girls looked up.  A tall 

guy, with blonde short hair, somewhat drunk, was looking down 

at them.  He leaned on the table, looking at Alyssa, then 

Jamie.

     "You two have boyfriends, right?" he said, slightly 

slurring.

     Jamie and Alyssa only shared a quick glance before they 

both nodded.

     "Of course," Jamie smiled, her deep green eyes 

shimmering.

     The guy swallowed at the intensity of Jamie's stare 

before straightening his back again.

     "I just wanted you to know you're two damn fine women," 

he said, hesitated and left.

     Jamie and Alyssa looked at each other again and started 

giggling.

     "It's hard," Jamie gasped between giggles.

     "Don't be like that," Alyssa tried to frown but giggled 

again.

     "That was fun," Jamie sighed after she had regained her 

composure.  "Let's dance?"



Half of the people in the club seemed to be on the dance floor 

and it could very well have been that they were.  The space 

was huge and packed with moving, turning people.  Spots of 

flashing green, red and blue light where playing over ecstatic 

faces.  The music pumped and anyone in the room felt the 

pulse, and the urge to dance.

     "There's your asshole," Jamie yelled to Alyssa and nodded 

at Marc and Scott dancing next to a group of several women.  

She grabbed Alyssa's hand and started to pull her towards the 

dance floor.

     On the dance floor, Jamie tried to push Alyssa closer to 

Marc and Scott but Alyssa slipped out of her grip and with a 

mischievous grin she pushed Jamie into Marc.  Marc turned 

around and looked at Jamie who smiled at him and shrugged her 

shoulders before facing back to Jamie, she was grinning 

broadly by then.

     Marc turned away from Jamie as well but just seconds 

after he could feel what couldn't have been anything else than 

Jamie's ass grinding into his thigh.  He turned again, tapped 

Jamie's shoulder and when she turned around this time he 

smiled and leaned into her.

     "Stop pushing!" he yelled over the music and turned his 

back at Jamie again.

     Jamie laughed, and so did Alyssa when Jamie told her what 

Marc have said.  While Jamie and Alyssa's eyes met with a 

mischievous shimmer Jamie once more danced backwards until she 

ground her ass into Marc again.  This time Marc didn't seem to 

notice at all but when Jamie gave up and danced back to Alyssa 

he moved backwards, mimicking her dance but exaggerating it.  

Alyssa started to laugh and just as Jamie wanted to know what 

she was laughing about Marc ground his ass into Jamie in 

return.  She grinned, reached behind and squeezed.

     Marc turned around and when Jamie glanced over her 

shoulder he shook his head and wiggled his finger at her 

before dancing back to Scott again.  Alyssa laughed again.  

Jamie grinned.

     "That's a too good challenge to resist," Jamie yelled to 

Alyssa.

     "What?" Alyssa asked.

     Jamie shook her head and while holding Alyssa's hands she 

danced over to Marc and Scott, backwards.  This time she 

simply stepped in front of Marc and while innocently dancing 

her ass ground into his crotch leaving a distinct impression 

of firm, tight girl flesh.  Marc bit his lip before breaking 

out in laughter.  He took Jamie by her hip and spun her 

around.

     "Marc," he yelled to her.

     "Jamie," came the reply.

     They smiled at each other.

     Alyssa glanced at Scott before looking straight ahead 

again, as if he didn't existed.  But he is quite cute, she 

thought.

     Jamie wrapped her arms around Marc's neck while grinding 

even more into him as she moved her body in undulating waves 

in sync with the music.

     "What do you think of my pushing now?" she asked him.

     "Taking liberties, aren't we?" Marc replied and pushed 

her at arms length.  He sought eye contact with Scott.  He 

made a sign as if drinking a beer and just as Alyssa slid up 

beside Scott and gave him a soft tackle Scott nodded 

agreement.  Scott smiled at Alyssa and followed Marc off the 

floor.

     Alyssa stared after him and for the second time in less 

than an hour she cursed him and called him an asshole.  Jamie 

grabbed her hand and pulled her off the dance floor as well.  

For a second Alyssa feared her friend would follow Marc and 

Scott but instead Jamie headed for the restrooms.

     There was a huge queue to the girls' restrooms, as usual 

and while standing in the queue Jamie kept Alyssa's hand in 

hers.  Alyssa liked the warm, comforting feeling of her 

friend's hand and took half a step closer to her.

     Suddenly Marc and Scott appeared on their way to the 

men's restroom.  Marc spotted them and came over.

     "Hi," he said and reached out his hand to Alyssa.  

"Marc."

     "Alyssa," Alyssa replied, took his hand and lowered her 

eyes.

     "Nice meeting you Alyssa, this is Scott," Marc continued 

while stepping aside and letting Scott reach out his hand.

     Alyssa took his hand reluctantly but when she noticed the 

amusement in Scott's eyes she took the hand and smiled at him, 

determined not to let him push her around.

     "Alyssa," she said.

     "I'm charmed," Scott smiled back at her before letting go 

again.

     "See you around," Marc said to Jamie before he turned and 

started back towards the men's restroom.

     Just as Scott turned his back at Jamie and Alyssa and 

started to follow him, Alyssa reached after him and slapped 

his ass before straightening her back again and looking a 

completely other direction with a totally innocent expression 

on her face.  Scott came to a dead stop and turned around 

looking at her with a question in his eyes.

     "What?" Alyssa asked and shook her head.

     Scott didn't reply, instead he disappeared into the 

restroom with an amused shimmer in his eyes.

     "So?" Jamie asked when she and Alyssa finally were alone 

in a toilet.  "What do you think so far?"

     "I'm actually a bit bored," Alyssa replied and checked 

her make-up in the mirror.

     "Umhm," Jamie said, dropped the toilet paper she had been 

cleaning the seat with into the bowl, pulled up her skirt, 

pulled down her panties and sat.  She sighed as she emptied 

her bladder.  "I wish you could get drunk without all the 

drinking."

     "Maybe you should wish for a larger bladder?" Alyssa 

chuckled.

     Jamie looked up but Alyssa wasn't meeting her gaze.  

Being less sober Alyssa had dropped some of her polished 

facade and now her eyes were glued between her girlfriend's 

legs.  Alyssa ripped of a wad of paper and dried herself 

before rising and flushing the toilet.  Instead of pulling her 

panties back on she stepped out of them, careful not to drop 

them on the floor and while Alyssa watched her wide-eyed she 

placed the panties in her purse.

     "That's a tip for making boredom go away," Jamie smiled.  

"Here's another."

     She stepped closer to Alyssa, grabbed her hand and before 

Alyssa could stop her she pushed Alyssa's hand between her 

thighs.  Alyssa twitched and gasped.

     "Accept your impulses," Jamie mumbled into Alyssa's ear.  

"Smooth, huh?"

     "Jamie," Alyssa mumbled and tried to pull her hand away.

     "You know you wanted this."

     "No."

     Alyssa was breathing shallowly, her knees were shaking.  

She had to remove her hand, get away.  Somehow the strange, 

but yet so familiar, shape of Jamie's crotch against her hand 

were scaring her numb.  The room suddenly got warm.  She was 

sweating.  She told herself the moist between her own legs 

were sweat.

     Jamie moved her hip and Alyssa's fingers slid from 

smooth, warm skin over slippery wetness.  Alyssa gasped and 

this time Jamie let go of her hand as she pulled to get free.  

Alyssa backed up against the wall but Jamie followed.

     "Now," Jamie said with a sly grin.  "Let's see what we 

can do about your boredom."



Scott poured salt on the space between his thumb and index 

finger and waited for Marc to do the same.  They took the 

piece of lemon in the hand with the salt.

     "Ready?" Marc asked.

     "Ready!" Scott confirmed, licked the salt, downed the 

tequila and took the lemon in his mouth, letting the 

aftertaste of the liquor mix with the sour lemon juice.

     "Ahhh," Marc sighed and slammed his shot glass into the 

counter upside down.  "Yeah!"

     Scott laughed and did the same.

     "So?" Marc asked.  "What do you think so far?"

     "I think I got stuck with the sulky one."

     Marc laughed.

     "Yeah, she is in desperate need of someone that makes her 

laugh.  Why don't you help her?"

     Scott laughed as well but before he could reply Marc 

turned around to the blonde woman behind him.

     "Was that you?" he asked.

     "What?" she replied.

     "Did you just crop a feel?"

     "Certainly not!"

     "Uhum.  I don't believe you."

     "Yeah?" the woman asked and flung her hair out of her 

face.  She had an obstinate look on her face.  "Maybe I don't 

care what your believe?"

     "By all means," Marc smiled and turned back to Scott.

     It took exactly two seconds before someone squeezed his 

ass.

     "I'd better live up to the accusation," the blonde smiled 

and started to leave.

     Marc gently took her arm and held her back.

     "I didn't say I wanted you to squeeze my ass," he told 

her.  "In fact.  I'd appreciate if you didn't..."

     "Yeah?" the blonde said and leaned on the counter.  "I 

don't believe you..."



If Alyssa would have been able to, she would have pushed 

through the wall and escaped, but something -- part from the 

fact that it was impossible to push through the sturdy wall of 

the restroom -- held her back.

     "Wha... what are you...?" she gasped.

     "Making my friend happy," Jamie replied and dropped her 

hands.  Her fingers were gently playing with Alyssa's skirt.

     "I... I'm happy," Alyssa's voice failed her.

     "No you're not."

     Jamie's hands slid under Alyssa's skirt and before Alyssa 

realized what Jamie was up to her panties were yanked down.  

Jamie squatted in front of Alyssa and pulled the skimpy 

garment all the way down around Alyssa's ankles.

     "Lift your feet," Jamie said but Alyssa was motionless.

     "Do it!" Jamie ordered.

     "Please, Jamie!" Alyssa mumbled.

     Jamie's gaze was stern but she didn't speak, and Alyssa 

didn't move.

     "Come on," Jamie said with a softer expression.  "It'll 

be fun and no-one will know."

     "Everyone will know!"

     "With a knee long skirt?  No way!"

     Alyssa still didn't move.  Jamie left her panties on the 

floor and straightened with a sigh.

     "Sure?" she asked, her face just a couple of centimeters 

away from Alyssa's.

     Alyssa stared at her wide-eyed.  They gazed at each other 

for a long time.  Jamie smiled and leaned even closer as if 

kissing Alyssa, and Alyssa closed her eyes.  Jamie felt a 

tingle in her belly, and between her legs.  She bit her lower 

lip but she didn't kiss Alyssa.  Instead she waited until 

Alyssa opened her eyes and looked at her again.  She brushed 

her lips gently over Alyssa's and moved back a bit.  Alyssa 

did what Jamie had planned and took a small step after Jamie.  

Jamie backed off further and Alyssa took another step.

     With a quick movement Jamie squatted and swept Alyssa's 

panties off the floor.  When she rose again Alyssa stared at 

her for a long moment.  Then Jamie buried her nose in Alyssa's 

panties and took a deep sniff.  This was too much for Alyssa 

and with a lunge she grabbed Jamie and pushed her hard against 

the opposite wall and pinned her arms against the wall.  She 

was breathing heavily, her face just a few of centimeters away 

from Jamie's.  This lasted a couple of seconds then Alyssa 

virtually attacked Jamie, planting a huge kiss on her mouth 

while pushing her tongue into her girlfriend's mouth and 

grinding her crotch at hers.

     Jamie's reply wasn't long in coming and she managed to 

pull her arms out of Alyssa's grasp and started pulling up her 

skirt.  When they felt the contact of naked skin against their 

pussies as they ground into one another once more they gasped 

in unison.  Jamie reached for Alyssa's ass, but before she 

could grab her, Alyssa bolted away from her.

     "What am I doing?" Alyssa breathed.  "Give me my 

panties!" she mumbled but Jamie shook her head and Alyssa 

turned and started fumbling with the door instead.

     "Just let me..." Jamie started but Alyssa flung the door 

open and escaped.  Jamie had to hide behind her purse as best 

as she could while she pulled down her skirt.  She could swear 

at least one of the women outside had seen she was nude under.


