Hi dear readers, its me Fardeen again with another great experience
of mine. For new readers, let me tell you, I m 26 years old, 5feet
10 in height and have a good physique. I am from the city of lights,
Karachi, Pakistan. I m a bachelor and currently working in MNC here
in Karachi. I am very found of desi stories. This real life
experience which I m going to share with you, happend between me and
my sexy bhabhi (cousin's wife) who is the best friend of my cousin
Azra too. As in my previous story (MY SWEET COUSIN AZRA), I told u
about my Sexual experiences with my cousin sister Azra in detail.

Now let me describe Aysha, my Bhabhi. She is the wife of my cousin
brother (Son of my eldest uncle). She is the childhood friend of my
cousin Azra too as I told you before and this is the main reason why
she got married to my cousin brother because he once saw her in our
home and then he proposed her and they got married almost 4 years
back. They still don't have any child yet. Anyway, lets just talk
about Aysha because she is the main part of this story, lets look at
her 1st, Aysha, just like Azra, is 1 or may be 2 years elder to me
but unlike Azra, she looked like a school girl due to her physique,
she still looks like the same, a pocket Venus, just been made for
the game of love. She is hardly 4 feet 8 inches tall, slim body. Her
breasts are 32" with C cups/24/34. She is a real shy girl unlike my
cousin Azra who is a bit bold and out spoken but latter I found out
that how horny she was with all her shyness.

This incident happened almost a year back.

Once when me and Azra was busy in fucking in the absence of her
husband at her place, Azra was lying under me with both her legs
apart and I was fucking her with slow steady strokes. Suddenly she
asked me in between her sweet moans.

Fardi, ik baat pochoon, sach sach batao gai? I licked her neck and
said, haan jaanoo pocho na, then she said, sach sach batana, tumko
Aysha kaise lagti hai?. I got shocked because I wasn't
expecting such question, but some sexy stuff from her. Then I said,
yeh tum kaise baaten kar rahe ho aaj Uzi jaan? She didn't reply me
and said Aysha ko chodo gai fardi? I just shouted, Have you gone mad
Uzi?????????.

She said, no I m serious, tum batao, kya chodo gai ussko? I couldn't
say a single word and went lost in Aysha's thoughts, to be very
honest, I always wanted to fuck her because she was a real stunner.
At the same time, Me and Azra, both were very near to our orgasms
plus the thought of fucking Aysha made me mad, I just started moving
myself like a steam engine between Azra's legs. She also went out of
control with lust and grabbed my hips in her legs and started
moaning and shouting like, aaaahhhhhhhhhh haan chodo meri jaan
Fardi, aur zooooooooor se chooooddddoooooo na please, main chootne
wali hoon, please make me cummmmmmmmm .. aaahhhhhhhhgggggghhhhhh.
Thinking about my stunning Bhabhi Aysha while fucking my lovely
cousin Azra was enough for me to hit a thunderous orgasm, I just
took Azra's left nipple in my mouth, sucked as hard as I could and
then suddenly we both started cumming heavily. I never felt such
heavy orgasm since long as I made her pussy overflow and her bed
sheet went all wet with our love juices. I lift my self up a bit,
saw my now a bit soft cock which is still buried deep inside her
pussy, then I saw her, she was smiling with lot of love in her eyes,
I smiled at her back and then collapsed on her body. We both were
breathing heavily.

I rested my head on Azra's breasts. She was moving her fingers in my
hairs slowly. Then suddenly she asked me in a deep voice. Tumne
jawab nahi diya Fardi? I asked, kaisa jawab Uzi? she said, bakwas
nahi karo, maine pocha tha na tumse keh kya tum Aysha ko chodo
gai?????????????.

I said, kya tum pagal ho gaye ho Uzi? Aysha humari bhabhi hai aur
tumhari best friend bhi to hai and I think she is very strict and
shy girl, she wont allow me to do it, waise mujhe koi ietraz nahi
hai. Then Azra started laughing and then suddenly said, u rascal, I
knew it that u always had an eye on her, so just don't worry about
her, ussi ne mujhe kaha hai keh Fardi se pochna keh kya woh mujhe
bhi ussi terhaan se chod sakta hai jaise keh who tumko chod ta
hai.. I went totally shocked after listening this stuff. I
said in a bit shaky voice. Uzi, tumne ussko bata diya kya sab kuch
humare bare main? Yes, she said, everything and she always get so
excited after listening our love making stories and sometimes finger
fuck herself or sometimes we made lesbian sex.

Azra, my sexy elder cousin sister, lying nude under me with my semi
erect cock, still buried in her sweet pussy telling me the most
secret love affair she had with another sexy women which even I came
to know few moments ago. This scene made me real mad and my cock
started getting harder and harder in her wet furnace. She too felt
my cock regaining its length and size in her. She took my head from
her right breast which I had just started licking slowly, gave me a
sexy smile and put her lips on mine. Out tongues met and I started
moving my hips slowly. This went to another hardcore fuck. I then
made her in all fours and started fucking her in her pussy in doggie
style. She was shouting like hell and me, after just listening abut
my another dream girl Aysha, my cute bhabhi's wish, went mad with
lust and started fucking my cousin Azra with the maximum pace, my
lower abdomen was hitting her big round ass very hard and creating a
very sexy sound of thup thup. We both were so excited after talking
about Aysha that we couldn't last so long and first she started
cumming heavily, after feeling her cunt getting wet, my cock
responded immediately and started shooting its load deep inside her
Womb. Azra suddenly collapsed on bed and I my self followed her and
dropped my body on her.

After few minutes, we got up, moved to washroom and made ourselves
clean. We then dressed up and Azra started talking about Aysha
bhabhi again. She said She told aysha about our relationship when
Aysha was about to get married with our cousin and was a bit afraid
of wedding night and sex stuff. Aysha first didn't like it but then
after listening our stories, she stated to like it, She was a bit
shocked to listen about our oral sex. Azra then made her naked and
licked her pussy and introduced her to the real world of sex. She
then continued this until she got married to our cousin and even
they have few encounters after her wedding. Azra told me that Aysha
is not happy with our cousin, her husband because he was not so
interested in sex as he was quite a mature guy about 41, 42 years
old, and a busy businessman and didn't have much time. Whenever he
felt like doing something exciting, he just took off her shalwar,
insert, jerk and shoot his load in 1 or 2 minutes and went to sleep
immediately.

This act of him always made Aysha unsatisfied and horny. And onece
when both friends met last time, Azra told her about our recent
encounter, and then suddenly Aysha said if Fardi can satisfy her 2,
she would me more then happy. On the other hand I, myself was so
excited after listening it and despite of having 2 orgasms one after
another in less then 2 hours, wanted to screw Aysha's sweet little
pussy as soon as possible. After realizing my condition, Azra said
she will fixed up a meeting between me and Aysha soon as she said
Aysha too was so restless and wanted to satisfy herself badly. After
having tea with Azra, I came back to my place as her husband was
about to come and I didn't want to create any problem in my
relationship with Azra.

After just 2 days, I got a phone call from Azra on my mobile, I can
still remember, it was one fine Friday afternoon. After the formal
exchange of words, I immediately asked about Aysha, she started
laughing and said, Don't worry Fardi jaan, Today, I called you only
for this purpose, Infect Bahijaan (our elder cousin brother, we call
him Bahijaan as he is the eldest among all of us) has left for
Islamabad last night and will not come back till Sunday night. So
you can go to her place and enjoy.

After listen this, I felt a great shiver in my spine and just forgot
about anything. Only one thing was in my mind, Aysha and her lovely
and sexy petite body. After saying bye to Azra, I made my plan, took
an early off from my office and went to my place. First I took bath,
dressed up in an expensive black suite as I knew Aysha love black
color. I then went to her Luxury apartment very close to the seaside
and ring the doorbell. When the door opened, I couldn't even say
hello to her, there she was, my sweet and innocent little bhabhi,
standing on the door and was looking towards me.

She was dressed in a nice tight Shalwar Kameez. She had put on some
makeup on her; her long sexy black hairs were tide up perfectly on
her head. I say hello to her and she called me in. I felt that she
looked a bit confused but at the same time she was shy too. After
little casual exchange of words, I asked her. Bhabhi, Bahijaan
kahaan hain???? She then said, Woh to kal raat Islamabad gaye hain,
Sunday ko wapas aane ka keh gaye the. I then started talking with
her but she was looking quite confused that she wasn't be able to
reply me properly, I then thought I should teased her a bit and
said, Oh Bhabi main to iss liye aaya tha beause mujhe Bahijaan se
bohat zaroori kaam thaa, I think ab main chalta hoon, But she said
immediately, Noway Fardi, tum kaheen nahi ja rahe, just sit here,
main tumhare liye soft drink lati hoon and before listening my
reply, she gave me a shy smile and went towards her kitchen. On the
other hand I was in real shock because she never call me with my
nickname but today she just called me with my nickname.

I then thought I should take initiative because this shy girl won't
say anything from her mouth ever. When she came back, we started
talking and Aysha was showing some boldness. Then our conversation
shifted towards my cousin Azra. I suddenly asked her.

Bhabhi, tumne jo kuch Azra se kaha tha kya woh sach hai? kya tum
waqai main woh sab kuch chahti ho jo tumne Azra se kaha tha?

Her face color immediately went red and she bowed her head. Her eyes
were looking the ground and on the other hand I was looking this
great little 4 feet 8 inches tall Venus and my Blood pressure was
started raising slowly and I went towards her. She was looking like
a new shy bride, like a fresh rose. The sweet smell of her perfume
was driving me more and more horny. I put my hands on her shoulders
and took her up, we then went inside her bedroom and I asked her.

Bhabhi, meri teraf daikho aur batao keh are you still interested in
that?

She just looked at me, gave me the most beautiful and shy smile I
have ever seen and said Suno Fardi, please mujhe aainda se Bhabhi na
kehna, Just call me Aysha and blushed red. Then she made me sit on
her master bed and went to close all the doors and windows. When she
came back I suddenly embraced her and crushed her body against mine.
Her soft body felt so good. We got to the bed embracing each other
and also kissing. We rolled on our backs and we were rubbing our
faces with each other. Finally I was over her and was feeling her
face and hair with my hands.

I was looking into her eyes and was thinking how lucky I was to have
my innocent Bhabhi under me. I took her Dupatta off and her tight
small sized breasts were in front of me under her Kameez. She didn't
wear a bra. Her nipples were outlined in the material. They looked
so nice. I got down and placed my head on her breasts. I rubbed that
slowly all over her breast area. She closed her eyes and let out a
soft moan. I kept going down rubbing my head on her chest, belly and
lower abdomen. Then my head rested on her cunt. I rubbed my face on
her lower genital area over her Silky Shalwar. She tightened her
thighs and crushed my face in between them. I rubbed her thighs with
my face while disrobing the knot of her Shalwar.

I felt pain down my body. My erected shaft was trying to dig hole in
my pants but I loved my sweet bhabhi Aysha so much and wanted to go
slow and make her first one with me the most pleasurable one for
her. The knot was opened and I pulled her Shalwar down and threw it
away. What I saw was amazing. She had the sexiest legs, milky white,
not so long as she was so petite but perfectly in shape with not a
single hair on it, she was the picture of youthful fitness. Her
waist was so tiny and I could see how white her flesh was under her
clothes. Her stomach was very firm, almost hard and flat, but so
sexy looking as I watched her breathing, the muscles in her tummy
gently moving up and down. I looked at her deep little belly button
and I wanted so much to be able to lean down, to press my warm lips
against her soft body. I threw off her wet sweet smelling panty and
looked at her the beautiful shaved pussy. The lips were a bit thick
and were shining as a result of her juices dripping in excitement
but her pussy was so small like her physique.

Gently I slid my hand down her tiny flat belly, my finger sliding
into that clit and in an instant I felt the warmth, the wetness and
the tightness of her little pussy as she found herself `preparing'
for her new lover. She gasped aloud as she felt my finger slide just
a fraction of an inch into her pussy, rubbing into her, touching her
clitoris. She told me that her husband had never even put one finger
in her sweet hole, as when ever he wanted to make sex, he just took
off her Shalwar and Started fucking straight, he never even paid
attention towards her cute little breasts. I was thinking like, how
lucky I was!!! I was the first male on earth who sucked those
beautiful breasts and licked those sharp pointed nipples, as her
dumbo husband wasn't at all interested in it. I then kissed her
juicy pussy, wowwwwwwww, man she taste really great, unlike Azra,
she was a bit salty but her pussy aroma was much more stronger n
musky then my cousin Azra. I slowly parted her labia with my lips
and slowly started sucking her inner pussy lips. She then started
moaning and shouting like uuummmmm haan Fardi please chooso na meray
hole ko, I then asked her.

Aysha darling, tumhare iss hole ko kya kehte ho tum????

She was a bit shy and said I don't know.. I then put my lips on her
clit and started sucking her clit slowly then faster, in between I
told her, Meri payari se Bhabhi, tumhare iss hole ko Choot kehte
hain samjheen? Kya kehte hain meri payari Bhabhi jaan? She then
shouted, haan haan, iss ko choot kehte hain, chato meri choot ko,
kha jao iss ko pora ka pora, tumhare Bahijaan ne to kabhi iss ko
teek se daikha bhi nahi, na mard kaheen ka,.1 minute se zayada
chod bhi nahi sakta. Please aur payar karo meri choot ko, sara juice
pi jao isska. Aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh please do it Fardi, ohhh faster.

Then when I pressed her clit with my teeth, she shouted like
anything and came straight in my mouth, Man, I never even thought a
female can cum like that, her cunt was literally spraying her pussy
juices on my face and I managed to drank almost half if it, the rest
was spread all over her upper thighs and on the bed sheet. I then
again put my lips on her honey pot and kissed my way up, across her
breasts area again, until I was nuzzling her neck. She grabbed my
head and pressed her lips against mine. I responded avidly by
embracing her and began exploring her lips with my tongue. She
tasted her own love juices in my mouth and got shivered with
excitement. I then moved my lips to her neck and that ran my tongue
to her ears and nibbled on her lobes. She was still breathing quite
heavily due to her last thunderous orgasm and moaning and kept
taking off my pant. I helped her and soon I took off all me
clothing's. My iron hard cock swung open.

She held that and began slowly stroking it. Her breasts were pressed
against my chest. I looked at those. Again I saw her erected nipples
outlined in her Qameez. My mouth was watering for a taste of those
tender rose buds. I slowly started to unfasten the back zipper of
her Qameez and finally got it undone. Her chest was revealed in all
its glory. Aysha looked so sexy, just a little shorter than average,
with such a beautiful body, very tiny and petite, yet with very cute
firm breasts and there was no doubt as to how beautiful her body
really was. I could see her small, dark, hard nipples and the sight
of them made me awfully excited. She gently opened her mouth,
letting me slip my tongue into her hot mouth.

My tongue was switching back and forth against hers, until with a
soft sigh, she squirmed close to me, wrapping both her arms around
my strong shoulders, pulling me as close to her as possible. Doing
that, pulled my belly up against her, and I sighed as I felt my hard
cock was rubbing hard against the area deeply between her legs,
making her feel sooo sexy, that she quickly spread her legs apart in
order to get that hardness even better against her. And within a
minute, both us were grinding our genitals together. My hands
reached down under the soft rounded globes of her beautiful tight
buttocks, pulling her harder against my hard cock, which I now
ground back and forth against her own responding, tingling pussy
lips as I wanted to make her feel much better.

I put my hands on her whole tit and squeezed carefully. She rolled
over and gently reaching over, grabbed my hot cock in both hands,
almost dropping it because it was so hot and hard, but she managed
to hang onto it. When I felt her touch on my manhood, I almost
jumped as if from an electrical shock, but then her soft, warm
little hands cuddled my cock in them. She was looking at it as a
small child looks at a new thing. She gasped when she saw how my
cock head looked, and started rubbing my cock head slowly. At that
time I was so excited that I felt I can cum in few minutes, so I
slowly took off my cock from her small soft hands and spread he legs
wide. I came between her tiny waxed legs and put myself on her body.
I whispered in her ears, Bhabhi jaan, are you ready? she was very
tense and she was breathing fast in fear and anticipation of what
she was going to do. It's none other then but a big sin but she
couldn't help herself and slowly said, Go ahead Fardi, please put
this hot rod inside me, aur mujhe khoob chodo.

Then I rubbed her tight little pussy against my cock. It looked far
too big for this tiny cunt and I didn't believe her smooth and
hairless cunt could stretch wide enough for me to enter her. Lifting
the little Venus up, I placed my cock head at the opening of her
vagina. Then I pushed it a few inches and my cock slipped away. Now
I could see and feel her pussy lips opening to the tip of my Cock.
Aysha started breathing heavily when she could feel her cunt being
opened and I pushed until the head of the penis was inside her.
Aysha screamed quite loud. My cock started to ache already and Aysha
started to let out small moans. I asked her if she is enjoying, and
between her moans she managed to say that she loved it. Thus I
continued to push my cock and it slowly pressed into her little hot
pussy. Her moans increased and tears started running down from her
eyes. Her vagina was opening more and more to accept my cock and the
pressure on it was intense.

My cock was now inserted in the narrowest canal I have ever felt and
she was completely filled. I started moving slowly inside her and
when Aysha felt the movements within her pussy she started moaning
loudly. I repeatedly moved my cock in and out, pressing it into her
extremely narrow vagina opening. For each move I pushed her hard and
when she felt the tip of the penis pushed against her vagina bottom
she let out a loud scream. I watched her tiny pussy lips rubbing
back and forth over the shaft and for each movement they moved down
a little bit more. My darling sexy Bhabhi Aysha had her vagina being
rammed more and more.She was saying lot of incredible words like,
aaaahhhhhaannn please chodo mujhe , rukna mat my love just make me
cum, tumhare bahijaan ne aaj tak mujhe yeh pleasure nahi diya,
please for heaven sake make me cum, make me feel like a complete
woman, aur zoor se dhake maro, chodo mujheeee , haaaaaaaa,
uuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm fuck me hard like a bitch.
Yeeeeesssssssssssssssssss I m your bitch, please aaj jitna dil chahe
mujhe chodo, chodte raho , ruko mat pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeee,
aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

In a few strokes she gave a loud moan and had her second orgasm of
the day. It was even more intense then the first one, The hot
splashes of her juices on my cock felt so good. She was moaning
continuously while still getting penetrated by me. The expression of
her face was enough for me. I could take no longer. My climax was
approaching, making me move faster. I could sense it building up and
before even thinking about taking any precautionary measures,
finally I pressed myself hard towards her, feeling a tremendous
release as I filled the tight cunt of my loving Aysha Bhabhi with a
big load of semen. She could feel her tight love canal being flooded
and she moaned when she felt the sperm flowing into her vagina.

We lay there for a long time tightly embraced together, still naked
and our genitals glued together. We were quite breathless in the
next few minutes but then started to regain our breaths. She slowly
raised her right hand and started moving her fingers in my hairs and
said slowly, Thank you Fardi, you made me a real woman but at the
same time a bitch. She then started laughing and hugged me tightly.
She then started talking in a husky voice.

Please Fardi, mujhe promise karo, tum aise he humesha mujhe chodo
gai jab main tumko bulaon gi. Please darling aaj se pehlay maine
kabhi itna pleasure sex main feel nahi kiya. Azra bhi meri choot ko
chaat ti hai but who pleasure maine kabhi feel nahi kiya. Promise me
you always make me feel such pleasure. I promise you Fardi, whenever
you want me, I will be there for you, I love you so much fardi. You
are the man who makes me a feel like a real woman. She was saying
stuff like that and then I said, Aysha, we didn't take any
precaution, what if you will get pregnant then? She smiled and said,
then you will become my baby's Uncle and Dad simultaneously. We both
started laughing and hugged each other tightly. After few minutes,
we again got horny. She made me lye on the bed and came upon me. My
cock was semi hard, she stroked it for few seconds and then put
herself on my shaft while sitting on me face to face. She was so
light in weight that I felt like a little girl about 13, 14 years of
age was sitting on me. She then started her too and fro motions
slowly.

I felt my cock getting harder inside her vagina and she was started
fucking me with quite a fast pace. Then suddenly a stunning idea
came in my mind, I thought I should fuck her in standing position,
she was so tiny so it wasn't so difficult for me, I got up slowly,
took her in my arms and went towards the big mirror of her dressing
table. There she was, in my arms, her legs were tighty pressed on my
back, I grabbed her tight butts in my hands and started moving her
up and down on my shaft and at the same time we both were watching
ourselves in that big mirror, it was a bit hard for me though to
fuck her like that but it was so pleasurable that I couldn't think
abut changing into another position, she was moaning loudly, so I
was, then after few minutes, we both again started cuming, this time
together, it was a great experience for me to fuck a woman in
standing position. We then collapsed on her jumbo bed and went to a
deep sleep. She then woke me up after about an hour and I started to
dress up.

She then told me that my cousin Azra just called her up and she have
told her everything. I asked her about Azra's reaction and Aysha
told me that she was so excited after listening it. Suddenly an idea
came in my mind and I said. Hay aysha, why don't we call Azra here
tomorrow, we 3 can enjoy in the same bed. She was so excited that
she immediately said yes. On the other hand, I was excited too after
thinking about the incoming threesome, which I had always dre