The Tease Gets What’s Coming 


This new girl at school Kelly Patterson likes to dress like a slut. She's from California and has only been at our school for a few months and it seems like she's dressed more and more trampy every week since. She's quite the looker, with a killer body and legs. Very tan and a bit conceited too, and hasn't made much of an effort to make a lot of friends either. Instead she's spent much of her time trying to make the boys go "ga-ga" over her flirting with them and teasing them to no end. , even flirting with some boys with very established girlfriends unbeknownst to her. Not a good thing to do at our school but apparently she doesn't care who she ticks off. 

With each day it was something new for her. One day a dangerously short school girl skirt with knee high socks, another day skin tight sweat pants hugging every contour of her round buttocks and gap between her slender hips. She seemed to like the low cut pants which often displayed more bare butt than necessary or acceptable in most of the other girl’s eyes. 

Yesterday she came to school again wearing these very low cut hip hugger style jeans showing off a very tan and tight waist with pierced belly button. Not a popular thing in our relatively conservative town, at least not to the girls. Technically such clothes are not even allowed but nothing was said to her so she seemed to get away with it. Every time she sat down half her butt crack displayed prominently and to me it seemed like she wasn't even wearing underwear, none visible to anyone gawking that is. Either way she sure 'worked it' sitting in front of certain boys in class arching her back making sure they got a good show, so much that half the boys behind her were barely paying attention to the teacher. 

At lunch she did the same again making sure to sit with protruding butt crack and arched waist exposing her bare midriff and to everyone in sight. She even went so far as to sit in the lap of one of the more popular wrestling team guys that so happen to be going out with Rachael Myers the captain of the cheerleading squad, and the previously most popular girl at school till Kelly came along. Once again, not a good move, and not very smart on her part for not being aware of this. 

Well I guess on this day enough was enough and between Rachael's every growing jealous rage and the click of popular girls in our class they decided to put an end to this outsider coming in and trying to steal the show once and for all. 

During the last free period as Kelly made her way down the south hall on the way to her locker alone she was abruptly confronted by Rachael and five of her friends who circled around her. Grabbing her from behind cupping her mouth they dragged her into the music room which was unused and empty at the time. Holding her arms tightly and cupping her mouth so she could not scream Rachael began, "I guess you don't know when to quit do you?" Getting in her face she continued, "Well since you love to show off so much to OUR boyfriends flashing your tan little ass crack around why don't we just let everyone see it all so they'll be nothing left for the boys to wonder about." With that Rachael grabbed the waist of Kelly's jeans attempting to unbutton them as the struggling and kicking ensued and escalated till it was a full wresting match. With 5 against one it wasn't much of a battle with Rachael and friends viciously pulling poor ole Kelly's jeans down till her bare butt and fully shaved pussy were on full show for anyone to see. Landing on her back in all the struggling they lifted her legs up pulling at her jeans trying to wrestle them off her legs till she was being dragged around by her inside out pants around her ankles only. With a few more quick tugs her jeans finally popped off leaving her completely depantsed with the girls all laughing at her humiliating predicament. Cowering and covering her bare privates in silent humiliation they now went for her shirt pulling it up from behind trying to get it over her head. The tight button down shirt didn't budge much so pulling as hard as they could caused the buttons to tare off from bottom to top in front as they ripped her shirt wide open. Pulling from all angles they laughed at her pained embarrassed face as they tore her shirt to shreds pulling it off of her in 2 large tattered pieces. Now bottomless and with only her bra left they circled around her slapping and kicking her as they pulled at her last remaining article of clothing. Popping the strap open easily from in back they tugged at her bra trying to wrestle it away as she clung with crossed arms over her chest being dragged around in one last desperate attempt to keep from being stripped completely naked except for her socks and shoes. Slapping her across the side of her head Rachael ordered her to give up the bra or get slapped in the pussy, tits and up the ass. Making sure Kelly knew she meant business she kicked Kelly square in-between her ass cheeks right up the anus with her shoe once as Kelly leaned forward pulling back on her ever straining bra strap. With a startled yelp feeling Rachael's shoe kick her right in the ass crack she flinched just long enough for the other girls to snap the bra away from her. Poor Kelly sat stripped naked and encircled by the gang of jealous girl’s intent on putting her in her place once and for all. 

Slapping at her Rachael grabbed her by the back of the hair trying to make her stand up. As soon as she did she got slapped in the tits and punched in the stomach causing her to crumble naked and humiliated to the ground again. Then pulling her hands behind her back one of the girls produced a roll of cloth tape used in athletics and proceeded to tape her hands together behind her back. Once her hands were securely taped they wrapped tape around her head and in between her lips over and over till it was pulled tight like a gag. 

"OK pretty Miss Slut" Rachael said sneering at her, "It's time for you to strut your stuff, time for you to show everybody your tits and ass like you've really wanted too anyway. Now's your chance to be more popular than ever. IT'S SHOW TIME!" 

Lifting her up naked and struggling they escorted her towards the door of the music room ready to push stark naked humiliated Kelly out into the soon to be crowded halls of the high school. Screaming and shaking her head in protest the degraded Kelly could do nothing but scream through her gag and pushed back against them like a wild animal begging for them to not throw her out into the hall. 

Shoving her out into the hallway she fell to the cold ground naked and ashamed just as the school bell sounded and the girls cackled and laughed hysterically at her from behind the door. In complete horror she got up and began kicked at the door screaming muffled cries through her gag as her firm perky breasts shook violently as she demanded to be let back into the room where her clothes were. Instead the hall filled with stunned kids starting at a completely naked Kelly Patterson gagged and with arms taped behind her so she had no ability what so ever to cover her modesty. Circling around her as her breasts and bare ass shook and jiggled with every kick to the music room door stunned kids gasped, pointed, with some horrified and other smirking at the sight of what seemed to be the cruelest prank every. Horrified Kelly slumped to the floor with knees to chest balled up unable to cover herself in any other way. 

As if this humiliation was not adequate enough Rachael and her crew suddenly emerged from the music room circling around Kelly with yard sticks in hand. "Get the f*ck up and let everyone see your tits, ass and skank pussy you f**king tramp" Rachael threatened poking her with the yard stick. "Get up NOW and give us all a show or I'll spank the living shit out of you with this stick till you cry so much you pee yourself! Now GET UP NOW!" she commanded right in front of the shocked crowd of kids. Hesitating long enough to anger Rachael for disobeying her she reached in grabbed Kelly by the hair again and forced her to stand up again pushing her into the growing swell of school kids gathering all around her. Swatting her across the ass tersely with the yard stick leaving a noticeable red mark across her otherwise perfect ass she forced Kelly to march forward through the throng of snickering laughing kids with bare pussy and tits jiggling on full display for all to see. "MOVE IT BITCH!" Rachael screamed swatting her across the ass again forcing her to stumble forwards faster pushing through the crowded hall of now hooting and laughing kids. Hands touched her pussy, ass and groped her breasts as she was forced to march stark naked down the hall and through the throng of stunned and laughing faces. "Run you bitch! Run!" Rachael yelled swatting her naked ass causing it to jiggle as Kelly flinched in pain. Soon Kelly was in full pace looking back in horror with Rachael and her vicious click right behind her in chase. With her tits and ass cheeks bouncing and jiggling Kelly ran stark naked, tied, gagged and completely humiliated down the hallway of cheering kids eventually right into the arms of Mr. Trimble the Biology teacher. Scattering like roaches at the site of someone of authority kids ran in all directions as Mr. Trimble beamed in anger and contempt at every kid stunned at the events before him. Escorting the stark naked Kelly into his room covering her as best he could he called for the aid of the Vice Principal and other staff who came to her rescue. 

Rachael and her friends were suspended but oddly never expelled being she was the daughter of the Mother who headed the PTA and father who was on the town council. Poor Kelly did wind up being the talk of the school for years to come but perhaps not in the way she had originally imagined. The story of the cruel humiliating prank became legend in this town and Kelly was never able to live it down after that. 



 