"Hey Tash, what are you doing after school today?"

Tasha Vilenko pulled her dirty blonde head out of her locker and was stunned.
Jake Walsh, the hottest senior in her high school class was leaning next to her smiling.  

"Ummm I was just gonna go home and eat some Television..." she replied, immediately kicking herself in the ass for such a stupid reply.

Jake laughed and his gaze dropped to her breasts.

"Well I was just wondering if you wanna hang out with Paul and I.  We're gonna go to the Wall and smoke a joint and we want to come."

"You want me to come?" she replied beaming.  She wasn't used to talking to really cute boys, especially seniors.

"Yeah that too, and bring your friend Lindsey.  Paul thinks she's really cute.  Meet us at my car after final period."  He said stealing a final glance at her tits before turning and leaving.

Tasha couldn't hide her smile.  She could have been considered one of the hottest girls in her grade standing 5'8" with beautiful features, shoulder length dark blonde hair, small B-cups and long legs.  However, she was extremely sheltered and shy and even just turning 18, had never even kissed a boy before.  She was also clumsy and bad with words so she kept to herself and her small group of nerdy friends.  They often got made fun of by guys like Jake as being "band geeks" so it was totally unexpected to even talk to him just now.

She told Lindsey at lunch and they both shrieked in girlish excitement.  Lindsey was Tasha's "cool" friend and was way more outgoing than Tash.   They sat next to each other in band where they both played clarinet but Lindsey wasn't considered a band geek.  Linds had even talked to Paul and Jake a few times before.  She even smoked weed once and was a little more sexually adventurous having given her ex-boyfriend a hand job once.  She was easily overlooked standing next to her taller, prettier, blonde friend so she didn't hang out with Tasha a lot.  Lindsey however, had an incredibly cute face with reddish brown hair and a ripe, round ass that filled out her tight jeans nicely.  They had always dreamed about dating the popular boys but never thought it would happen until today...

The two best friends met after class and excitedly hurried to Jake's car.  The boys were blasting music leaning against Jake's black Mustang.  Paul hopped in the back seat so Tash got in the front.  They made the ten minute trip to the lake and parked the car, unloading a cooler of beer from the trunk.  The Wall was a stone wall about a fifteen minute hike from the lot.  Overlooking the lake, it was a popular spot for weekend keg parties.

When they arrived Jake pulled a huge joint from his cigarette pack and lit it up passing it to Paul.  Tasha immediately became nervous having never even been around weed before.  Lindsey hit it after Paul and passed it to Tasha.

"What do I do?  I've never smoked before..." she asked.

The guys laughed at her innocent question.

"Put it in your mouth and suck on it!" Jake quipped laughing again. "Just make sure you inhale the smoke."

She did as instructed and immediately felt cool until she started coughing violently.  They all laughed again and kept up the rotation.  It went around 5 more times, each time getting easier for Tasha.  

When it was done Tasha started laughing uncontrollably at one of Jake's jokes.  She was as high as humanly possible and couldn't stop laughing.  It went on for almost ten minutes.

"Tash stop fucking laughing!" Lindsey yelled in frustration.
She didn't stop and Jake looked at Paul and rolled his eyes.  Paul took the clue.

"Hey Linds wanna see the rope swing?" He asked her.

"Yeah sure!" She said in a blazed voice.  

Jake stared Lindsey's round ass down as they walked off into the woods and turned to the mess with the perky tits.  She was sitting on the picnic table bench holding a beer can and wiping the tears of laughter from her eyes.  This wouldn't be as tough as he initially thought it would.  He walked over to the side of the table and undid his fly pulling his dick out to take a piss.  His angle gave her a perfect profile view of his cock.

"Haha you're peeing!" she laughed as she heard the piss splatter.  She looked down and her smile disappeared.

"WHOA... I can see your penis." she babbled, dropping the beer can, her gaze transfixed.

"No you can't, can you?" He lied grinning.

"Yeah I can!  It's right there!" She yelled pointing as he shook it off.

"Well what do you think?" Jake asked noticing her locked gaze.  He turned towards her so she could see it better.  It swelled up as his eyes ran over her tight body.

Tasha licked her lips unconsciously, "Wow, I don't know... I've never seen one in person before..."

`Never seen a penis huh?' he thought.  Interesting...

"Really?  Here!  Have a closer look."  He replied as he stepped in front of the seated beauty.

His hardening cock was now less than two feet away from her and on eye level.

"Wow!  It's HUGE! It's getting bigger too!" she laughed, still unable to take her eyes his flaccid six inch dangling dick.  "Are you getting a boner?"

"Yeeeah.  Hey Tash, do you wanna see it get really big?" he grinned.  She nodded and he took a small step forward between her legs.

"Here gimme your hand..."  He commanded.  

She foolishly put her hand in his and he immediately wrapped it around his cock.  She tried to pull it back but he held it on tightly.  She stopped resisting after a few seconds.  

"Just tug on it a little and it will get even bigger..."  He said through his bloodshot eyes.  

"Oh cool, it really is getting bigger!  It's real heavy too!" Tasha giggled tugging away.  "This is pretty cool!"

"Hey, wanna see my nuts?" Jake asked smirking at the nave girl he was about to turn into a slut.  He was unbuttoning his pants before she even answered.  He let them drop to his ankles and took another small step forward.  His now erect nine inch cock was a mere foot from her face.  She lifted his dick up and brought her free hand up.  She hefted his big kiwi sized nuts and laughed inspecting the swollen set.

"Wow it's like a big banana and an apple!  Your banana is bigger than the one I ate for breakfast! Hahaha!" 

He rolled his eyes, remembering being as high as her a few times... when he was thirteen...

"Here, see how good my nuts smell..." He groaned grabbing her head and pulling it forward.

This was a secret trick his grandpa had taught him last year and so far it had worked every time.  She looked up at him and inhaled deeply into his sack.  The pheromones instantly went to work, unbeknownst to Tasha, who furrowed her brow in confusion when it didn't smell as good as she expected.  He held her there for a few breaths before releasing her.  She resumed her tugging on his shaft although now her fingers didn't touch her thumb anymore and she was doing it very enthusiastically.

"Hey it's dripping!" Tasha said staring at the creamy fluid oozing from his dick hole.

"Do you know what that is Tash?"

"Ummmmm... No?" She answered confused.

He was now convinced that between how high she was and how little she apparently knew about sex, she'd probably believe anything he told her.  His mind raced...

"That's the icing on the cake!  Quick lick it up! Don't waste it!!!" he yelled.

Tasha panicked and immediately realized how dry her mouth was.  She hesitated...

"TASH QUICK!!!"  He yelled at her forcefully grabbing the back of her head.

She obediently complied not wanting to waste whatever sugary treat was leaking from his cock.  She stuck her tongue out licking the dripping icing off.  She spread it around her mouth to moisten her palette.  It was so dry she didn't really taste anything.  A little bit more leaked out as she continued stroking, and she licked this up too.  Jake's eyes rolled into the back of his head...  She thought it was a bit salty for icing.  Maybe it was a type of cake she had never tried before...

"Quick!  There's more inside.  Suck on it a little!" He feigned, being dramatic enough to fool the poor girl.

She quickly wrapped her lips around the front half of his engorged cock head and sucked ever so softly.  Some more icing oozed out.  Then he squeezed his shaft and a large amount leaked into her mouth.  She pulled her mouth off it to taste it.

"Its ughh... really good huh..." He asked her running his hands through her hair.

"Ummmm yeah I like it!" She lied not wanting to offend him.  She didn't actually know if she liked it or not but it didn't taste like icing.

"There's a whole lot more inside but you have to suck harder to get it out..." He guided his cock back to her lips...

She took the whole tip in her mouth and sucked getting nothing.  Grabbing her head, Jake pushed another inch in her mouth, groaning loudly.  She pulled her head back but he pushed it back down again groaning even louder.  Tasha liked hearing him groan and thought it was cool that she was doing that with her mouth.
Suddenly her stomach grumbled and she felt like she hadn't eaten in days.  Her first case of the Munchies.  She brought a hand up to his "apple sack" and wondered if it was filled with the rest of the icing...  She didn't know but now she was curious and determined to find out.

She eventually got the clue and bobbed her head on his cock.  She did it slow so she could maintain her suction on the huge tip.  She sneaked a peak at Jake who was staring intently at the young beauty with his huge cock in her gorgeous face.  The eye contact made him moan and squeeze his eyes closed.  

She had taken her left hand off his shaft and had it on his knee while her right hand played with his balls.  Suddenly her pussy tingled and she reached up her sundress to adjust her underwear.  When she touched her panties she wondered if she had spilled her beer in her lap.  Her underwear was soaked!  As Jake forced the fifth inch into Tasha's mouth, her pussy twinged again causing a warm wave to spread out of her precious little coochie; she realized it was her pussy soaking her panties.  Maybe it was from the weed?

She coughed as his cock hit the back of her throat.  Swirling her tongue around the tip, she redoubled her efforts to get her creamy treat from the monstrous cock in her face.  Her stomach was rumbling and didn't want to wait.  Her fingers pushed her panties aside continuing her inspection.  

"Oh god Tash!  Ahhh fuck!" He moaned as she struggled with the sixth inch.  

Her middle finger accidentally brushed her clit and she gasped on his cock.  Her fingers were instantly soaked and she rubbed her swollen clit a little more, something she hadn't done since that one time when she was fourteen.  She moaned loudly and attacked Jake's cock even more.

Jake, not even realizing what she was doing, thought she was getting off from sucking his cock.  This caused him to loose control immediately.

"Awww fuck Tash!  I'm gonna come!  Swallow... icing..." Jake cried with his face dripping sweat.
Yay! The icing is ready! Tash thought.  She smiled on his dick and kneaded his balls to hopefully empty them out.  She watched his face intently as he stared at her.  He was almost crying!  Tasha thought he was a really nice guy to give her a snack even though it hurt him badly enough to make him cry and scream.  

Just then, Jake shut his eyes and bellowed.  Her finger slipped inside her pussy and stole her breathe just as his cock exploded.  His first wad was so big it almost made her choke, filling up any space that wasn't taken by his big cock head.  She swallowed quickly in a huge gulp just as the next squirt filled her mouth a second time.  She stopped squeezing his balls in hopes of slowing down the blasts of icing.  

The second load went down easier than the first but a third and fourth squirt had filled her mouth again.  She hungrily gulped again and resumed sucking as the squirting slowed.  Jake was moaning and groaning and making funny grunting noises.  The last few pumps were small and she gulped a few times getting them down.

Tasha grabbed his cock and pulled her mouth off it, catching her breathe.  A small strand of come connected his cock to her bottom lip as she caught her breathe.  Jake laughed, panting as he squeezed his cock, milking out the last few drops of icing which she quickly licked up as not to be rude.  Jake noticed that she had taken every drop of what may have been the biggest load he had ever shot.  She had only missed a small glob that clung to her bottom lip but even as he saw this, she licked it up.  Her head was spinning as Jake crashed on the bench next to her.  They both giggled as he struggled to pull up his pants.

"Bye big banana and apple!  Thank you for the yummy icing!"  She joked as his cock and balls were sheathed in his jeans.  His balls looked considerably smaller.

"Don't worry babe, you'll see them again soon..."  He quipped as he stumbled on shaky legs to the beer cooler, lighting a cig.

Paul and Lindsey showed up a couple minutes later and the four drank beers in the sun for another hour before heading back and dropping the girls off.
