     Author: SM
     Title: Buxom Mother and Daughter
     Part: 6
     Universe: SM, Buxom Mother and Daughter
     Summary: Big-boobed mother and daughter move in across the breezeway from Greg, who goes over to offer to help.  To his surprise, they want his help in many intimate ways, and so the fun begins.
     Keywords: MF+, FF, light m-dom/slave, f-dom/slave, M/F, humil, exhib, rom 
     Language: English
     
     Buxom Mother and Daughter Part 6
     (MF+, FF, light m-dom/slave, f-dom/slave, M/F, exhib, rom)
     By SM
     This is a work of fiction for adult entertainment.  You know the drill, if you're too young, or it's illegal where you live, and all that, then don't read it.  How hard can it be to understand that?  
     Ok, if it's hard, then just skip this story anyway, just to be on the safe side.
     On the other hand, if you want to, you can leave a message at the beep.  BEEEP  
     And if you tried to leave a message, don't read this story, either.  Do not pass Go and do not collect $200 dollars.  Proceed directly to your psychotherapist and ask for help with your problem of reality testing.  And pray that God will help all the rest of us with that problem, too.  Lord, do we need that.  Yes, we do.
     
     You will need to read the first parts to get the flow of this story, so if you haven't, you can find the other parts at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/ . . . in case you haven't noticed, this is Part 6.  If there is enough interest, going by the comments, I'll continue.
     ------------------------
     He woke up the next morning with a naked Michelle in bed with him.  She was stroking his skin gently, and he was reminded of the massage she'd given him as he'd gone to sleep.  "Good morning, Sir," she smiled at him.
     "Good morning."  He shook his head to try to clear out some of the fogginess, but it was slow going.  After getting up and staggering in for a bathroom visit, he came back, took a drink of water from the glass beside the bed, and lay back down again.  She looked at him expectantly.
     "Would you like coffee, tea, or me?" she asked him, still smiling.  She reached out and stroked his thigh right then, which made his cock jump.
     "My cock seems to want you," he grinned.
     "Ok . . . works for me!"  She moved her leg over his and began to rub her tits against his chest.  Her nipples were already hard, her skin felt warm and silky, and her thighs were already heated up for action.  That was good, since Greg wasn't moving very fast; he was in favor of her doing most of the work.  She kissed him on the lips with a great deal of enthusiasm.
     "Uhm . . . Sir?  We didn't discuss it last night, but I was wondering if I'm your slave now," she looked at him at bit wryly.
     "My only hesitance is that I'm sort of full up to the ears with slaves all of a sudden.  All of you are wonderful, but I'm already wondering if I should set each slave up in a schedule.  I don't know how I can have much time with each of you, and still manage the corporation.  But, if Cheryl is your main dominant, it might work."
     "Uhm . . . well, that's fine, Sir.  I was just thinking that it would be a lot easier and less confusing, if you were also my Master, since you are married to her, that's all.  That way, if you commanded me to do something, I wouldn't have to worry if it was ok with my Mistress.  I'd just do what you commanded, since you're her Master, too.  And, besides, Sir," she paused and blushed, "uhm . . . I've had sex with women off and on, but it's been a very long time since I had sex with a man, and uhm . . . " she looked at his cock and then at his face with desire in her eyes, and her voice trailed off.
     He smiled at her and chuckled a bit.  "I'm a sucker for having sex with a woman who is lusting for me. . . . ok, my new slave."  She didn't exactly attack him, but she certainly acted like a woman who hadn't been fucked by a man for a long time.  To his surprise, she paused after humping up and down on his cock for quite some time, and looked at him.
     "Master?"
     "Yes?"
     "Would you mind doing something for me, please?"
     "Depends . . . what?" It was a bit hard to hold his concentration, but he managed.
     "I love cum on my face and on my eyes and in my hair and on my tits.  When you're ready to cum, would you tell me so you can cum there?  Please?  I'll wear it like that the rest of the day, I promise!"  She started humping him again.  He nodded even though he wasn't sure he could cum all over the target area, but it was worth a try.  As soon as he was getting close, he said, "ok!  Ready to cum!"
     She pulled off of his cock and laid down, trying to get positioned where he wanted her, and he scrambled up and started jerking his cock, aiming in the general direction of her face.  His first spurt hit her under her left eye, and the next hit her bangs . . . and the third hit her right cheek about midway down.  That was about all he had, so he fell back down on the bed, breathing a bit hard.  
     "If this keeps up, I'd better get in back in shape," he thought to himself remembering that he's rarely gotten enough exercise in recent months.  "Or, maybe we need another guy in this family."
     In the meantime, she had clapped her hand to her pussy and cum with a great deal of quiet squealing, and then was cooing and rubbing his cum all over her face, and managed to get enough out of what he had shot onto her to rub some on each of her nipples and on her boobs.
     "Thank You, Master!  Thank You!" she said to him and continued to rub and coo.
     "You're welcome," he said between breaths.  "When you can, though, I'd like some of that coffee you mentioned."
     "Oh yes, Master!" and she hopped up and ran briskly out of the bedroom, naked and adorned with his cum and apparently unconcerned about that.  He thought to himself how very arousing that would normally be, but his body just needed some time to catch up, so he concentrated on getting his breath back.
     She apparently had to brew the coffee, so he had almost started snoozing again when she returned with a tray, an obviously full coffee carafe, a coffee mug, and a creamer cup to the side.  It didn't look like it had cream in it, though, since it was clear.
     "I know you like rum with your coffee sometimes, Master, so I brought some, and I'll be happy to put it in for you, if you'd like.  Your wife said not to bother with sugar and all that, that you don't like it, so I didn't bring any, but if you'd like anything else I'll get it for you."  She set it on the table beside his bed.  She was still naked, and his cum had dried in her hair and on her face and boobs, and she smiled at him happily.
     "She's right about that.  I'm not into sugar in my coffee.  Rarely, I use some cream.  Hold off on the rum until I drink my first cup of coffee, though, thanks."
     "Yes, Master," handed him his coffee, and then put her knees on the floor beside the bed and leaned onto it next to his legs, making sure not to jiggle his coffee.  He couldn't resist but to reach out and stroke her hair.  When he did, she smiled even more and some tears came to the corners of her eyes.
     "Thank you, Master."  He didn't say anything, just stroked her silky blonde hair, running his fingers through it, although he did try to avoid the spot in her hair that was coated with his cum, since he knew she wanted to keep it more or less intact as it was.  She started making a sound which was very much like purring, and laid her head close to his leg, her arm and hand cuddling his leg up to her mouth, where she kissed his skin gently.  He continued to stroke her and she purred and kissed his leg lightly.
     Neither of them said anything for quite a long time.  
     
     Greg found that he enjoyed the quiet and enjoyed caressing her.  She refilled his coffee once, and he moved his nose in a gesture toward the rum creamer cup, so she added that.  Then, she returned to her former position and picked up her purring and he returned to his caressing as though it had not really been interrupted.
     Eventually, however, even this wonderful experience had to find an end, and there was a gentle knock at the door.  "Master?" Candi's voice came through the door.
     "Come in," he said, mentally sighing a bit, but smiling at her when she entered.
     "Your wife and my mom asked if you'd like them to start preparing breakfast, and so I was thinking that . . . uhm . . . if you wanted me an' Alice to wash you in either the shower or the bath . . . uhm," she blushed a bit, obviously feeling a bit awkward about how to ask him.
     "That sounds good . . . both of them . . . and I'd prefer the shower," he said.
     "They said to ask if . . . uhm . . . they were planning to cook . . . " and she went through the breakfast menu " . . . if that's ok, Master, Sir."  She ended with a smile, apparently feeling good that she'd remembered the whole list.  After all there were 6 people eating there now, so meals were not as simple as for 2.
     "Sounds great!  I'll meet you in the shower after you tell them it's fine."
     She turned around and started to yell, "HE SAID . . . <her voice dropped> . . . oh, shit!" and then she closed the door and they heard her walk away.  Both he and Michelle laughed.
     "Thank you for a wonderful time this morning, Master.  I will remember it always." She said to him.
     "Thank you for a wonderful time this morning, as well, my new slave.  I can barely remember what day it is, though, so I won't promise that I'll always remember it," he replied grinning at her.  She giggled and helped him up, giving him a kiss.  "I'll always remember you, though, my slave," he told her.  She blushed at that.
     
     He walked out of the bedroom and into the bathroom, where he found Candi and Alice, naked and kneeling on the floor.  The roomy shower was running and steam was coming out from its open glass doorway, splashing a bit on the floor.  As soon as he walked up to them, Alice hopped up and said, "Right this way, Master," and ushered him in.  Before he stepped in, though, he checked the temperature of the water.  "Just a bit hot," he told them, so he turned it down a bit.  It wouldn't do to come out looking like a lobster.
     "Sorry, Master," they chorused.  He stepped in and thought that it was a good thing it was one of those large roomy showers.  He wasn't exactly thin, and while Alice wasn't big breasted, Candi's boobs did take up a fair amount of space.  He discovered after he got wet all over as they stepped in, it was sort of like a slick and sexy version of bumper cars, and he liked their boobs touching his skin.  They had apparently planned it out, so Candi asked him to bend down so she could shampoo his hair and beard, while Alice bend down and started washing his lower legs and feet.  He found it amusing when she asked him to lift one of his feet so she could wash the bottom to find himself in the rather awkward and a bit wobbly position of bending over with one foot off the ground.  Luckily he didn't have to stay that way very long.
     Candi went down his body and Alice came up, planning to meet in the middle, but that wasn't all.  After Candi had thoroughly washed and rinsed his cock and balls, and Alice had similarly attended to his ass, Candi took his cock in her mouth, and Alice started kissing his ass.  After the initial surprise, he found their double-barreled attention quite enjoyable, and in spite of himself, his cock got a bit hard.  He could tell, however, that he wasn't going to be able to cum after all the sex he'd had recently, so he just enjoyed the ride so to speak for a bit.  Then he told them they had done very well, but he was too tired to continue for the moment, so he did a final rinse and stepped out.  They followed him and toweled him off quite vigorously, obviously enjoying themselves a lot.  He thanked them and Candi asked if they could shower then, so he let them, wrapped a towel around his waist and went out.
     On the bed was a set of casual clothes, which seemed to fit his mood, so he put them on and went out to be with the others.  He could hear Candi and Alice moaning in the shower as he passed by, so it seemed clear they were enjoying themselves sexually, too.
     Breakfast was very relaxing, both the food and the conversation were good.  The previous events had been very exciting and there was an atmosphere of opening new doors.  They moved to the living room area to let the food settle, sipping some coffee or tea, depending on their preference.  His brunette wife sat down in an armchair to his right, and blonde Michelle sat on the floor next to her knee.  Melissa, her black hair shining, sat on the chair to his left which was closest to the kitchen so she could serve everyone, after Alice and Candi took up ownership of the floor on either side of Greg's legs.   Greg noticed that Alice's curly hair was almost red in the light reflecting from the morning sun through the window, which was a contrast to Candi, whose hair wasn't quite as black as her mother's.
     "I think we all need to talk anyway," Greg said to open up the conversation.  "I am pleased to have 4 new slaves in addition to Cheryl, but that brings up a problem.  The problem is, of course, time and energy.  I can't work with all of you all the time and I don't think I can keep up sexually either, even though I think you're all very sexy.  It helps that Michelle is also Cheryl's slave, but it's still a problem."
     "We went a long time without ANY Master, . . . uhm . . . heheh, Master.  So, we'll just have to learn how to share you.  We do appreciate you being willing to share him, Cheryl, in the first place," Melissa said.  Cheryl smiled, sipping her coffee and patting Michelle on her head.  "I get something out of this, too, after all," she replied.
     Greg continued.  "Well, I'm going to try to take time with each of you each week, but I know that means that you won't get all of your slave needs met.  Until we can work out a long term way, Thursdays will be spanking day--or that evening will be--so you can be sure you get the punishment you need generally each week.  However, that's not going to work all the time, so if one of you gets bitchy, then I'll spank you or punish you as needed.  Of course, Cheryl can spank or otherwise punish her slave-michelle anytime she feels it's needed."  There were nods around the room, as everyone seemed to think that was a workable plan.
     "Sexual needs are going to be a bit harder to keep up with, pun intended," and they giggled at him.  "I'm a horny guy, but I'm not young anymore, so I can't keep up a pace of heavy sex all the time--most of the time, I can at least cum once a day, but not always even that.  So, here's what I came up with for all of you," he paused and sipped his coffee.  "Each of you has fantasies which have not been fulfilled.  So, every month or so, I'll ask one of you to tell us your fantasy and if it's something we can do, we'll carry it out.  I'm sure Melissa won't be opposed if I put some money into a special fund for that."  She smiled at him and shook her head.
     "Today, I had already promised Candi that I was going to hypnotize her, so I'm going to do that this afternoon, after I do some managing of the corporation.  But, tonight, one of you gets to fulfill a fantasy, and since Michelle was last to become my slave, she gets the first turn."  Michelle's eyes grew wide, and she blushed and then looked at everyone, giggled and told them her favorite fantasy.
	Hypnotizing Candi was easy for Greg, since she was so willing.  It just took him awhile to settle her down enough to focus.  He set the anchor for cumming on command, and then started the lactation process, which had been one of Candi's requests.  Candi had read that it was possible to start lactating even without pregnancy, so she wanted to experience that.  Even with hypnosis, it takes a bit for a woman's body to start lactating, but not long if they get enough suction each day.  Alice was appointed to make sure that she got enough.  They both were very excited about that.  When he counted Candi back up out of the trance, she danced around thanking him, and then danced in a circle with Alice.  He grinned and caught her eye and mouthed, "cum" to her, and she almost fell down from her orgasm.  She was very pleased, and ran out to tell her mom.
     
     The silver buttons on Michelle's collar gleamed brightly in the streetlight, and her hard nipples showed through thin black fabric of her low cut blouse without restriction of a bra.  She followed Greg and Cheryl from the car to the porn shop with Cheryl holding her leash, trying not to slip on her 7-inch heels.  She was used to wearing heels, but these were a tad higher than she was used to.  She could feel her hips swinging inside her black miniskirt with matching black panties, and she knew that they were visible to pretty much anyone who looked at her.  That meant all the people inside, as soon as they entered the porn shop since the doorway was several steps above the main floor, and the low whistles made her blush.  She put her head down and followed Cheryl closely, her blonde hair covering at least part of her face.  They had told her they were going to check out some slave videos and toys before they went across to the strip bar across the street.  They went toward the back of the store where the kinky slave videos were, with Michelle growing hotter by the second.
     A guy sauntered up and surreptitiously glanced every now and then at Michelle's crotch.  He was maybe a bit older than she was, dressed casually but nicely, brown hair, clean shaven, looked fit and a bit muscular.  When they walked by him, he looked at Greg and Cheryl, nodding sideways toward Michelle.  "Nice collar! And nice looking legs!" he said grinning. 
     Greg grinned, and Cheryl said, "She is rather nice looking all over to me.  I especially like the way she looks on her knees."
     "I'd like to see that!" the guy said, smiling even broader.
     "It can be easily arranged," Cheryl said grinning.  She turned Michelle so her back was toward the guy and said, "Down, slut!" quietly but firmly.  Michelle immediately blushed from the humiliation and dropped down on her hands and knees, her mini-skirt automatically riding up on her ass, revealing more of her black panties and ass.  She'd noticed when she'd put them on that they showed a lot of her ass, and even some wisps of her pubic hair from around her cunt.  She'd asked Cheryl if she should shave, and Cheryl had told her no, because showing her pussy hair was part of her humiliation.   Her black top rode up on her back a bit and hung down in front showing her bra-less cleavage to Greg and Cheryl, her boobs quivering a bit with her excitement.  It was short enough that the guy might have been able to see the bottom of her boobs showing below.  "Here we go!" she thought to herself.
     
     The guy stared at her ass, swallowed and whistled very quietly, then looked around to see if anyone was nearby or watching.  Several people were at the checkout counter, so all the clerks were busy there, and the other shoppers were otherwise occupied.
     He looked at Greg and Cheryl, and spoke very softly.  "You don't suppose I could grab a feel or three of that, do you?  We could slip around to the video booths--it's dark and the clerks don't care what happens back there." 
     Greg looked directly at him and said, "Sure.  Just understand that when we say, `stop' we mean it.  And that includes her--if she says stop, then you stop."
     "I understand, and yes, I will stop when you say."  He seemed just happy for any chance.
     The doorway leading into the video hall was just past the next rack, and Cheryl told Michelle to crawl with them.  Greg hung back and looked around to make sure, but nobody was looking, so he followed them on in.  He didn't really want a committee evaluation on the first go.
     The walls were painted black with some psychedelic lights here and there so people wouldn't trip.  They could hear various sounds of people having sex coming from videos in the closed booths, and an occasional "Yeah, fuck her . . . fuck her! Fuck the bitch!" which could have been from the people watching.  Greg noticed Michelle looking at her palms and sniffing them, and he realized the floor was sticky with cum that had been tracked out of booths.  There was a bucket and a mop in one corner, obviously to take care of that, but it was tipped over by a small sink, so clearly it hadn't been used recently.  On the first wall was a marquee with all the different available movies, indicated by channel numbers.  There was also a map of the booths, about 15 of which were labeled as "only single occupancy allowed", about 15 that were "double," and there were a couple larger booths labeled as "3-4 allowed--$30 minimum."  They found one of the larger booths which wasn't being used and went in.  On one wall, Greg noticed, was a glory hole, which was covered for the moment.
     "My name is Greg and this is Cheryl," Greg said.  The guy replied, "Steve . . . nice ta' mee'cha."  He shook hands with Greg, and Greg noticed that his handshake was firm and strong.
     "And this is fucktoy," Cheryl said, indicating Michelle, who had her head down to try to cover her blush.  Cheryl pulled her leash and Michelle obediently followed until she was in front of Steve, who had put $30 into the video machine and sat down on a padded armchair which was next to a love-seat.  "Help yourself," she said to Steve, and sat down on the nearest side of the loveseat still holding Michelle's leash.  The video automatically came on showing two chunky lesbians tribbing, the sound on low.
     "Hi, fucktoy," Steve said to Michelle.  Without raising her head, Michelle replied, "Hello, sir," in a timid voice.
     Steve reached out and put his hand on the small of her back, and then slid it down her ass, squeezing a bit on the way.  Michelle's head jumped slightly, but she didn't do anything to stop him, so he got braver.  He slid his hand back up and pushed her mini skirt halfway up her back.  She shivered a bit when his hand went across the skin on her back, and her ass wiggled.  Steve flickered his eyebrows at that, and then he smiled mischievously and slid his hand back down her ass, catching the edge of her panties which slid down to reveal her curved ass.  She shivered and wiggled even more enthusiastically, and Steve looked up at Cheryl and Greg, "She's a toy, alright!"  All three of them laughed.  Greg had the odd realization at that point, given his direct view of her pussy, that Michelle wasn't a true blonde--not that it mattered, mind you.
     Cheryl reached over and pulled her panties midway down her thighs and smacked Michelle's ass lightly.  "She does have a very sexy wiggle, doesn't she?!"  She reached down and touched the inside of Michelle's thighs, moving them wider apart, and Michelle's pussy lips opened, wet and swollen.  Cheryl fondled her pussy a bit, and Michelle squealed softly, so Cheryl reached into her purse and pulled out an 8-inch flesh-type vibrator, set it on low and thrust it into her cunt.  Then, Cheryl pulled out a vibrating buttplug, turned it on and lubricated it in Michelle's pussy juices and slid it into her ass.  Michelle squealed and went down on her face, her ass up in the air, with her legs spread as wide as her panties would allow.
     Steve blinked several times and wiped his eyes, like he wasn't sure if he was dreaming.  "Gawd is she un-believable . . . slut isn't the word."
     "Well, what are you waiting for?  You asked for a grab or three . . . " Cheryl asked him.
     He grinned and reached out and began to fondle her ass.  She wiggled toward him, cooing.  His hand went between her legs and began feeling her thighs and pussy.  She wiggled even more.  He sat back, sweating, and looked at Greg and Cheryl.  "Are you folks for real?  I mean, what . . . are you pimping her out or . . . ?"
     "I'm a Master with 5 slaves, and they get bored at times.  I can't keep up with all their sexual needs, so every so often, when I get worn out from all that sex, I just ask one of them what fantasy they would like to fulfill and then we go and do it, assuming it's something within reach.  Cheryl is one of my slaves, and fucktoy--Michelle, here--is her slave, too.  `fucktoy' likes public humiliation, so her choice was to go to a porn shop on a leash and then go to a strip bar so she could dance on amateur night, and be treated like the total slut she is.  I won't take any money from you, because I'm not a pimp.  She wanted to check out being a glory hole slut sometime, too, but we may not have time to get that in tonight.  And you came along and obviously wanted to treat her like a slut, so . . . here we are," Greg said.
     "What if I want to do more? . . . like, make her give me a blow job, or fuck her? Or use my belt on her or make her strip and masturbate for me . . . or . . .?"
     Greg shrugged.  "As long as you don't cause permanent damage, you're good.  All those things are within bounds.  If you have a doubt, you can just ask her.  If she says she'll do it, then you're good.  If she doesn't know if it's ok, she'll ask me.  The only reason Cheryl and I are here now is that this is her first time doing this, so we're here to make sure it goes well.  She usually works in an office.  When she tells me she feels safe, we'll head over to the strip bar and let you  . . . uh, handle things," he grinned.
     "You look like a decent guy, and even more so since you asked so courteously," Cheryl added.  "So, I'll bet you're just a horny guy who hasn't gotten sex for a good while.  Nothing wrong with that, and fucktoy will likely enjoy it just as much, won't you, fucktoy?"
     "Yes, Mistress.  I'm aching to be used like a whore, and Mr. Steve seems fine to me," she moaned and whimpered, almost breathless from arousal.  Her whole body was trembling along with the vibrating toys in her pussy and ass, and it looked like she'd cum if anyone even touched her.
     "Well, then, we'll just leave you to it," Greg said.  "We'll be across the street having a few drinks at the bar, so if you want to come on over there and fucktoy can dance for the amateur night contest, we'll even spring for the drinks.  We're celebrating tonight.  Yesterday was my birthday."
     Steve just nodded, his mouth still half-open, like he couldn't believe his luck.  "She has my cell phone number if you need to reach me," Greg said, pointing to his pocket which contained his cell phone, and he and Cheryl got up and went out.
     
     They went across the street, and into the bar.  Cheryl was smiling, so he gave her a questioning look.  "Well, that just seemed to work out well.  Unless we're totally off, he's a good guy, and she'll get royally fucked."  He nodded in agreement and they went in.
     They had a few drinks and Greg was tipping pretty big, so even though they were at a roomy table in a corner, they got lots of attention.  Melissa had handed him one of her stacks of twenties before they'd left, so they had plenty to work with.  He had a corporate bank card with a $50,000 limit too, so he wasn't worried about running out of money.  Not long after they'd spent several hundred dollars, the manager came over and introduced himself, and chatted a bit.  They ordered some food from the bar menu, and after 3 drinks, Cheryl started tipping the strippers herself for table dances.  A couple of them even sat down on her lap, and the manager just grinned and turned his deliberately turned his head, and covered his eyes as if to say that pretty much "anything goes" at their table.  So, Cheryl started getting kisses and fondling some of the strippers, which they seemed to like.  A couple of them asked if she wanted to go to the back "for a private dance," so eventually she picked one she liked and went back.  She came back and reached her hand to Greg under the table, something in her closed fist.  He opened his hand, and she opened her fingers to give him her wet panties, which he just slipped into his pocket.  He knew that meant that the dancer had sucked her cunt until she came.
     Some time when by, but they had enjoyed the drinks, so they hadn't been tracking how long it had been, and Greg saw Steve and Michelle come into the bar looking around.  He waved at them, catching Steve's eye, and they came over and sat down.  Greg had to politely ask a couple of the dancers to move so they could use their chairs.  They got up looking a bit pouty, because of the free drinks and table dances they were getting, and glared at Michelle like she was competition.
     And, no doubt about it, she was.  Michelle absolutely radiated sex from every hip-swinging step and her collar barely outshined her smile in the flickering light of the strip bar.  She skirt looked fine, as though she'd just taken it off when the going got going in the video room so it didn't get too wrinkled or dirty,  and she had pulled it down so it wasn't showing so much of her panties.  Her leash was not attached, although Steve handed it privately to Cheryl along with the buttplug and vibrator when they sat down, which she put into her purse.  Greg waved at one of the topless waitresses, and gestured toward the two of them and then mouthed the word "on me" to her, since the music was too loud.  She bent over and took their orders while all of them got a good look at the glitter on her pretty tits, and Greg mildly wondered if she danced on nights when she wasn't serving.  In fact, he wondered if she served in other ways away from the nightclub, then caught himself, remembering that he had too many slaves to keep up with already. 
     Cheryl and Michelle were talking with each other, and Steve sat there smiling, then leaded over toward Greg.  "Man, have you got a good thing goin'!" he said, shaking his head chuckling.
     "I can't argue with that," Greg said.
     "You wouldn't be interested in staying in touch after tonight would you?" Steve asked.
     "Sure.  I don't have anything to hide, and I make enough money not to worry about what other people think.  If I make a friend at a nude bar, that's fine with me."
     Steve said smiling, "Well, you seem like great people, and man o' man o' man is that woman sexy!"
     "Can't argue with that, either," Greg grinned back.  "But, you'll have to understand that she's my and Cheryl's slave."
     "Yeah, I can handle that . . . I'm not sure I understand the whole slave thing--it's new to me in real life--but I can accept it.  I've read it in porn stories and seen it in vids, but didn't know it was all that real.  She sure got hot when I spanked her, and she begged me for more.  That was . . . just . . . yeah!" he finished, almost blushing, not knowing what words to put to it.  He looked like he had more to talk about, but it was hard to have a conversation with the loud music.
     Cheryl and Michelle were thick as thieves in their conversation, both of them smiling broadly, and Michelle was waving her hands around in small excited movements in front of her, and Cheryl laughed sometimes at whatever she said.  Greg ordered another round for everyone, and noticed that the dancers were sitting nearby, looking morose at the interruption of their dancing and tips.
      "You should ask for a table dance," he told Steve.
     "I didn't bring that much money with me, sorry."  So, Greg just pointed at 2 of his favorite strippers, and crooked a finger to bring them in.  They brightened up and came over, and he negotiated a bit, pointing his nose at Steve.  They argued with him smiling, and then he handed gave them some bills.  The next song started about then, so they positioned themselves in front of Steve and started stripping.  Steve laughed and raised his glass toward Greg, took a drink, and watched their writhing bodies as they pulsed to the music, more skin appearing every moment.   
     He noticed, though, that when Cheryl started watching one of the big-boobed strippers up on the danceway, Michelle turned around and noticed that Steve was intent on the strippers.  Her face suddenly took on a look of dismay, then swallowed and blushed, and stirred her drink with her finger, toying with the ice.  
     "Ah," Greg thought to himself.  "She's jealous.  Steve was a big hit, it seems."
     
     It wasn't much later that the DJ announced that the amateur contest for the $500 prize was about to begin, so if "any of you local ladies want to enter, just come back thru the curtain on the left side of the bar, and we'll get you ready!"  Michelle brightened up and looked at Cheryl, who just nodded and smiled at her, then she looked at Greg, who also nodded and smiled, and then she looked at Steve, who laughed and raised his hand to applaud her, nodded sideways toward the curtained doorway, mouthing the words, "Go on! Win!"  Michelle smiled, got up and hurried back to the curtain and disappeared.
     Greg noticed that she looked anxious until Steve's response and he noticed that it didn't get by Cheryl, either.  Cheryl looked at him, and smiled and winked.  He nodded back.
     The contest was interesting because everyone knew the dancers were not professional strippers, but on the other hand, some of the women who entered had wanted to be strippers but weren't sexy-looking enough to get a job, so they still weren't sexy looking when they danced that night.  Then there were some who were probably housewives who thought it would be cool, but they didn't know how to move on stage.  The club--or the other strippers--had loaned them various skimpy dresses or costumes and garters, so they looked like they didn't fit all that well.  Neither of those groups knew how to focus inside themselves so as to draw the on-lookers focus onto them as well.  The result was they just sort of looked lewd, in a disconnected sort of way.  An assortment of each came on stage and at times, they were interesting, but none of them grabbed the crowd.  The guys tipped them mostly out of courtesy, although a few of them, probably husbands or lovers, tipped them more than once and applauded them.  The crowd was pretty good with giving them an applause at the end of their dances, no matter how good they were.
     That is, until Michelle appeared.  
     She stepped out from the beaded entrance onto the stage and stood with her legs spread, upright and solid as stone until the music started.  In contrast to the others, she still wore the black outfit she had come in wearing with only the addition of a black garter--including her collar and her leash which she had obviously gotten back from Cheryl without Greg noticing.  Her mini-skirt was pulled up high and her inner thighs and black panties looked like they were soaked, judging from the sheen reflected in the light--and knowing what had happened before, Greg was sure they were.  All of her exposed skin almost glowed in the light, and her muscles quivered, as though every fiber vibrated with sexual hunger, and she licked her lips like a she could already taste their lust.  
     And lust they did.  Everyone in the club watched her strut to the measured beat of the drum and bass, and then she bent forward, her boobs compressed between her arms, her elbows tight to her sides and her hands holding the leash, reaching out as if desperate for someone to take her, reaching out and calling with one forefinger, then the other, calling them to her, her face the very soul of begging and pleading.   No Siren of old had ever pulled more, and there was almost a race between the onlookers to reach up with their dollar tips, and one chair even got accidently knocked over unnoticed.  She strutted down the dance top, collecting dollars and even larger bills from those hands, teasing with her leash.  Then her panties began to somehow slip down her thighs with pulses of her hips.  When her pussy appeared, it literally glistened in the flickering light, and instead of cheering, the crowd of both men and women actually moaned.
     She strutted and whirled gracefully sensuous, her miniskirt fell unnoticed, and suddenly her black top began to come apart between her breasts.  That brought a cheer from the crowd this time, and she began to wiggle it off, somehow tearing it apart, until she was wearing only pieces of cloth around her arms and a torn strip across her back, her collar and leash, her garter and her panties, which were around her thighs.  Then she put her legs together and let her panties slip down to her knees, then bent down and opened her legs very hard at one of the loud beats of the music--and reaching down, she tore her panties apart.  Another cheer rose from the crowd, and then she bent over and looked straight at Steve, reached out as though to give him her leash, licked her lips and blew him a kiss--and turned and strutted out through the beaded entrance with the scraps of her panties around her ankles and strips of her clothes falling off of her body, her shining ass wiggling as the song ended.
     The crowd went nuts.  They demanded an encore, but the DJ held them off, saying there were two more contestants.  There was a loud groan in response, and the DJ tried to get them to give "these next two sexy ladies a fair chance," so they settled a bit and waited for the next to start.
     They were polite and tipped her fairly, and if she hadn't followed Michelle, she might have been one of the contenders.  And the same with the next one--in fact, it seemed that the club had picked those last two as who they had thought would be the best, which is why they held them for last, so onlookers would leave with a good impression.
     But, they weren't expecting Michelle, and the manager said so when they brought her out, wearing a silk robe which barely covered her ass and pussy, since obviously her clothes were no longer in their original pieces.  He asked her if she had worked as a dancer before or had ever danced at a strip bar before, and she shook her head, which brought a gasp of surprise, especially from the dancers who worked there.  
     "Now, that's what I call a STRIP TEASE!  She can come to work for us anytime!" waving a strip of what was left of her black top, and the crowd cheered their agreement--even the women, Greg noticed--as he gave her the $500 prize in cash.
     Two of the bouncers came up to escort her back to the table so she wouldn't get mauled, then crossed their arms and stood nearby simply looking at all the men who were trying to come up to talk with her.  This dissuaded them, so they began to leave a few at a time.  Her eyes were bright and smiling, when she came up.  Steve was nearest and reached out for a hug, and she squealed and jumped into his arms, and kicked her feet like a teenage, making him hold her weight.  He did so easily, and he kissed her and then she went around and hugged and kissed Cheryl and said something to her, and Cheryl laughed and replied.  Then she reached out and hugged Greg, putting her mouth close to his ear.  She told him he was the greatest Master ever, and that she was having the time of her life, and that she would never have had the courage before without him and Cheryl, "thank You, thank You, thank You, Master."  
     He laughed and kissed her, then asked, "How did you get your top and panties to come apart?"  She giggled and said in his ear, "I cut them just a bit here and there before I went out, and used by fingernails to help them tear.  I've been thinking about this for a very long time, Master."  He laughed, and nodded at her, "Good one!"
     When they had all sat back down, the waitress announced that there "were numerous gentlemen, and one lady" who would like to buy Michelle a drink, so she asked if she could share, and she said "sure", so she just had everyone's drinks refilled at their table.
     Steve leaned over and asked Greg, "How many times has she won that?"
     "First time she's ever been to a strip bar," he replied.  Steve sat back looking shocked.
     "You mean she's never danced before? . . . I mean like this?"
     "Nope," Greg shook his head in reply.
     "Has she been in dance, like modern dance, or something?"
     "Not that I know of.  Why don't you ask her?  And tell me what she says.  That way I'll know for sure, too."
     Steve leaned over toward Michelle, and asked her several questions and she blushed and shook her head each time.  He looked astonished, and said something more.  She blushed, and tried to hide her eyes behind her blonde hair, taking a lock and putting it in her mouth like an embarrassed teenager.  Steve leaned back to Greg.
     "Never even had a dance lesson, and never danced in front of anyone before ever," he told him.  Greg laughed and nodded.  "I told her that she could dance for me anytime," Steve continued.  
     "Ah, that's what made her hide her eyes," Greg thought to himself.
     
     The club stayed open for a good while longer, and people came up to congratulate and compliment Michelle off and on.  Since they came up one at a time, and were courteous, the bouncers let them through.  Several of them asked if they could buy her torn panties and looked disappointed when she told them she'd thrown them away already.  One rather chunky women with big boobs came up and complimented her, as well, and Michelle told them later that the gal had told her that she'd love to have a weekend with her sometime "for lots of pussy sucking and other fun stuff," and gave her a card with her phone number.  The bouncers complimented her, too, when nothing else was going on.
     Finally, things wound down, so Greg asked one of the bouncers to order them a couple of cabs--one for him and the women, and one for Steve--since they'd had so much to drink, and the manager came over.
     "Thanks for dropping in . . . the cabs are on us, and please bring her back sometime soon!" nodding toward Michelle.
     Steve handed Greg his card on the way to his cab, saying "Thanks for everything!  Give me a call if you want to get together again."
     When Greg got home and looked at it, he laughed aloud.  Cheryl and Michelle looked questioningly at him.
     "He's a cop of sorts--but not vice--does financial investigations for the DA," he explained. 
     They were all tired, so they all went to their own beds for a change.  As they were getting in, Cheryl gave Greg a huge hug and kiss, and thanked him for an incredible evening.  Then they were both asleep as soon as their heads hit the pillows.
     
     ------------------------------------
     The previous parts can be found at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/, and if you haven't read those parts yet, no worries . . . I haven't read them either, but I'll get to it, eventually. I just wrote them, after all.  It's hard to keep up sometimes.

     I'm very interested in your comments and suggestions--or questions--so if you would be so kind to take a minute and go here and send them, I'd appreciate that very much.  If you include your email (optional), I'll try to reply as soon as possible.
     I have appreciated the comments and reviews my readers have already sent, so please continue to send them.  If you like the story or series enough, consider listing it in "Reader's Recommendations" on the ASSTR home webpage.
          Don't miss my other stories, including the "Her New Name Series" which you can find at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Her_New_Name_Series/.
          Thanks, 
          ~SM~
