It was a special pleasure to see things filled out, to see things sullied and reshaped. Sareena would often bite her lip and try to pretend not to stare as she helped an attractive customer try on lingerie, making sure the panties filled out their asses and the bras hugged their curves just so. She loved watching the thin material of a thong disappear between their asscheeks, snug against their perfectly bleached assholes, or the thin, shiny material of a full cut satin pair adhere to their plump asses.
Of course this wasn't normal, her assisting them so intimately. It was a service management insisted on providing for the richer clients who sauntered into the Victoria's Secret, one that almost always fell on the newest employee. Enter Sareena, college dropout and basically personal bitch to every other employee at the store. The most demeaning and troublesome tasks always fell to her, but the wetness that would soil her panties during these sessions was indicative of how little she minded this task in particular.
Every once in awhile she would get stuck helping some old, saggy woman or the occasional obese heiress, but for the most part it was drop-dead gorgeous golddigger types. Today it was a regular customer named Marina, a tall statuesque goddess that made Sareena's meager 5'1" stature feel even smaller than normal. Sareena loved being in the changing room with her, stealing glances and whiffs of her hair. Luckily, Marina's visit came very close to closing time, so everything would be extra fresh in Sareena's mind when she got home and took care of the growing ache between her legs.
After a sheltered upbringing and a stint at a religious all girl's university, the Lebanese girl initially had trouble adapting to "normal" life. Short on cash after leaving the dorms, Victoria's Secret Sales Associate was the first job she could get. Along with the standard adjustments of trying to be independent, Sareena was suddenly engulfed in a world of glamorous sexuality. Her blossoming attraction to women, spurred time and time again by the occasional drunken night spent sharing a bed with her former college roommate, became full-fledged in the midst of such wonders. Right alongside it grew an obsession with panties, the closest thing to a sexual object she'd had in her earlier life, to the point where she would usually masturbate and cum with her own worn panties sucked into her mouth just to indulge in them.
After Marina left to go to check out, Sareena went about the joyous task of collecting everything she left behind to be restocked. She let her fingers linger on the crotch of every pair of panties, still just slightly warm from the woman's sex pressed so tightly against them. She reveled especially in a pink lace bikini cut pair that had proven far too tight on Marina, its material clinging oh so tightly to her pussy and disappearing between her asscheeks. Sareena's own bikini panties, dark blue with black lace trim, were practically soaked through by now, but Sareena knew she would have to wait until she got home.
Sighing, she left the changing room and set everything aside to be put back on the floor the next day. Closing time had come and gone by now and she was more eager than usual to get home, she practically skipped to the exit.
"Hold it Sareena," came the voice of Monica, her manager, from behind. Sareena's heart sank.
She turned as Monica approached her, barely catching a small store bag the manager threw at her. "I need you to take these to the shredder, that Marina chick returned a bunch of shit. Might want to wear gloves, most of it's been worn."
Sareena groaned, wanting to get home as soon as possible. Her good fortune didn't occur to her immediately.
"Don't give me that attitude. Just get it done and lock up behind yourself. It's your ass if you forget," Monica said shortly.
"Yes ma'am," she replied obediently, heading toward the back of the store as Monica vacated the premises. The absolute divine grace of her situation had finally dawned on her.
Sareena shut the door to the back office behind her and grinned big. This had taken a turn. Not only was she holding a bag full of Marina's worn, returned panties, but she was completely alone with them. A glance at the clothes shredder, the ultimate fate of all returned clothes regardless of state of wear, nearly brought a laugh. There was no way in hell she was going to be wasting this opportunity by following protocol.
Practically ripping her shirt away revealed a bra that matched her panties, her bulging E cups pressed tightly against the fabric. She fell flat on her large ass in an attempt to get her pants off just as quickly, but she didn't care. Laying back on the floor, she took the bag of returned panties and poured it out on herself. Sareena lost all sense as they fell to her, running her hands up and down her body and the panties as she basked in it all. There were at least ten pairs, each colorful and soft, setting her skin on fire.
"Oh fuuuuck," she moaned aloud as she sucked the red thong that happened to fall onto her face into her mouth. Her left hand skimmed down her flat stomach to her pussy, rubbing vigorously as she greedily nursed on the lingering taste of Marina's dried juices. Grabbing another pair in her right hand, she rubbed the heavenly soft green satin material over her exposed skin, feeling her orgasm mounting quickly as she teased herself over her panties. She couldn't believe how wet she was, how dirty she was being, tasting a near-stranger's pussy off their panties while she soaked her own.
"You dirty panty bitch," she said to herself, muffled through the thong. Hungry for more, she spit it out and reached for yet another pair, abandoning her aching cunt to search with both hands. She clasped the first one she could and held it up for just a moment to admire the black, full satin cut, then hastily brought them down and stretched them over her face. All at once she inhaled deeply and sucked the crotch of the panties into her mouth, ready to savor Marina's pussy once more.
This time, she was met with a different flavor.
There was a moment of confusion as her tongue tingled with the stale taste, her nose filled with the scent of it. It didn't take more than a second for her to realize that what she was tasting, what she was smelling, was old pee. That fucking bitch had actually taken a piss in a pair of panties and had the gall to return them, and now they were on Sareena's head! Her stomach knotted even as she involuntarily swallowed the urine-mixed saliva in her mouth. In a near-panic she reached up to pull them away, but before she could it happened.
Sareena's back arched sharply, her pussy spasming wildly as she was wracked by the strongest orgasm of her life. Even without touching herself she could feel her panties get heavier with a load of creamy discharge, her lower lips quivering, the girl seeing stars as she let out one prolonged moan at the top of her lungs. Instinctually she sucked the soiled panties into her mouth again, trying to taste as much as she could while in the throes of her orgasm. She thrashed about on the floor, hoping it would never end.
Finally she came down from the high, gasping for breath through the panties now adhered to her face by sweat and saliva. Slowly she discarded them to the side and ran her hands up and down her body, basking in the afterglow of her orgasm.
"Holy shit..." she mumbled quietly, glancing at the black panties. She couldn't believe what she'd just done. It was by far the nastiest thing she'd ever experienced and she felt like a demented slut for doing it. What kind of disgusting person would get off to something like that?
And yet...
Almost as if on auto-pilot, Sareena hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties and slid them down her smooth legs. Without a second thought she brought them up to her mouth and began licking at the gooey crotch, savoring her own pussy cream. Closing her eyes, she imagined Marina squatting over her, dripping cum into her mouth.
"That's it, eat my cum," Marina's sweet voice echoed inside her head. "If you're good, maybe I'll even let you taste my golden nectar right from the source."
Sareena whimpered at the imagined seductress, licking eagerly at her own panties to simulate the taste. Once again she reached out for the black panties, wanting to feel the piss soaked material on her pussy.
"More, pleeeaaase," she said aloud to nobody. She was fast approaching a second orgasm, but Marina admonished her.
"You think you can cum just like that? Oh no, not so fast. You know what you have to do first..."
She wanted to pretend she didn't know. Wanted to pretend it wasn't her fucking idea in the first place. Wanted to blame this spectre of a woman she barely knew for making her do this. Wanted to be able to forget this whole thing. Wanted to believe she could ever come back from this. But more than any of that, she wanted to cum with the taste of fresh piss on her lips.
Without a moment's hesitation, she grabbed hold of the black panties once more and balled them up right against her pussy. Sareena strained hard on her bladder, willing herself to piss against all of her body's objections. At first she felt only a dribble as it ran down her thighs and ass, but soon her whole crotch felt hot as the warm wetness spread. It splashed her fingers and pooled beneath her, easily soaking through the panties she held to her cunt. She pressed them harder into the stream, rubbing vigorously to stimulate her once-again throbbing pussy. Her other hand pulled her panties unceremoniously from her mouth, the once cum-soiled pair now wettened only by Sareena's hungry saliva.
"What are you?" Marina's voice spoke.
Sareena whimpered.
"What are you?" the voice repeated in her head, more demanding.
One, two, three fingers dove into her sopping cunt. The hot piss splashed around her hand as she brought Marina's black satin panties up to her face. She took a deep breath, savoring the musty smell, then squeezed.
Sareena's face was flooded by a torrent of piss as it was forced from the panties. Her mouth opened wide to accept the waterfall of golden liquid, the taste spreading across her tongue as she gulped down as much as she could. She savored each drop, delighting in the feeling of the warm liquid snaking its way down her throat and through her body. Three mouthfuls in she couldn't handle it anymore.
"A piss-slut!" she moaned out, lisping through lips dripping with her own filthy pee.
Once again a violent orgasm shook her body as she lost control, the hot urine streaking down her face, soaking into her dark hair. In an almost instinctive move, she used the last act of her clear mind to gag herself with the black panties to muffle her ongoing scream.
Just as her stream of piss had begun to die down, her pussy gushed into her palm. There was no thought of the immense mess she was making or how late she'd have to stay to take care of it. Sareena rolled over and ground her bra- clad chest into the yellow puddle, soaking through in no time, her nipples hardening instantly on contact with the liquid. Goosebumps sprung up all over and she moaned hoarsely into her panty gag. She yanked her hand from her cunt and smeared the mixture of cum and piss across her face, body tensing and relaxing as her orgasm slowly began to wane.
First she licked her lips, then her palm clean as her heaving breaths finally began to calm. After a long moment she opened her eyes and surveyed the damage, grimacing at the thought of how long she was going to have to spend cleaning. This practical thought seemed to reopen her more logical mind and suddenly the shame of it all came over her like a wave. What had she done? How had she so easily succumbed to those wicked impulses?
As she rolled over to attempt to stand, she felt the tepid piss slosh in her stomach and the reminder of what she'd done made her feel sick. She gagged twice before throwing up a little in her mouth, disgusted by the feeling as she forced herself to swallow it again. Timidly placing a hand over her stomach, Sareena looked down at it with a combination of fear and revulsion. How unbelievably good the whole experience felt terrified her, her rational self screaming at her to be ashamed for what she had done and while she could still feel just the tiniest bit of tingling in her hardened nipples, still pressed tightly against her soaked bra.
Finally she broke down crying, unsure of how to process the whole event and all of her feelings in the aftermath of it. There was a prevailing thought that she could calm herself down, clean up the office, go home to get some sleep, and just forget about this whole ordeal. But deep down beneath the surface, a tiny voice inside her told her this was just the beginning.