Early one evening my servant answered the door to let my Clans Primogen into my haven. Standing there was one of the most beautiful kindred I ever set my eyes upon in my two hundred years plus of unlife. Raven hair cascading down her back free from any accoutrement, large breasts confined in a black corset showing ivory shoulders and slim waste. Obsidian pools stare at me as I greet my guest showing that she is closer to the Beast within than I.
"My lady Genevieve, welcome to my modest home. Will you please make yourself as comfortable as possible."
Even her voice sets my senses on fire; "Thank you Mr. Mako. I hope I am not catching you at a bad time?"
"No, no. I am just finishing my weapons practice for the evening and was about to refresh my self on the balcony. Please do join me."
My Beast stirs at the sight of her walking away with the grace of the killer I know her to be. I rush to dress myself appropriately. Loose white shirt and silk pants I rush to the balcony where my servant is serving my guest the vitae infused with wine that I acquired from a young Ventrue girl, my last conquest.
Her scent is light and musk on the cool night air. A full moon, the only illumination lights her in a halo, the damned and the angel at once.
"How may I serve Clan Toreador this evening?", I ask hoping to conceal the lust that must be easily heard in my voice.
"I am not here on Clan business, Jeht. I am here on a more personal matter. I am at a loss when it comes to you. We have been partners in running our Clan for over a decade and I only know that you are a remarkable swordsmen, a poet, and have a taste for kindred women of all Clans but ours. Court is slow, the Prince is visiting Seattle and the Harland's; so I thought I would come and get to know you more... intimately."
Through this one sentence I have drained my glass and am enjoying the warmth of the blood wine. "More intimately" I have often dreamt of tasting the blood of this enchantress. How strong and how sweet it must be.
Leaning forward I start telling her of the courts I have been in. Details of my embrace and the events leading me to the west coast. Two bottles are consumed as we talk, she giving me her story, the death of her first love and her embrace. During her tale she move forward to brush a strand of hair out of my face.
Taking the opportunity, emboldened by the wine I catch her wrist and kiss her palm. She gasps and blushes ivory skin with the barest hint of rose. Leaning to meet her I kiss those perfect lips brushing them with my fangs.... They part and our tongues meet and we taste each other for the first time. My Beast rushes to the fore and it takes all my control not to pounce on her and drain her of all blood. I can see that she has to settle herself as she bares her fangs, takes my wrist and plunges those twin razors into my flesh.
The Kiss takes over my senses as pleasure courses through my veins. The Beast is overshadowed by the pleasure of this dark goddess and her feasting on my blood. Release and I am left sitting hunger in my eyes, a hunger that I dare not satisfy if I want her in my bed this evening.
"Will you not take of me, Jeht? I want this to be mutual not a one way street or a one night escapade like with that Ventrue."
"My kiss holds pleasure for those off who I feed. My grip is damned and the pain that one would feel normally is all that you would get."
"Drink deep of me for it is pain that excites me not the Kiss. I have never had a Kindred lover who did not share your same...."
Before she could even finish moving with the powers of celerity I rush to grasp her by the base of the hair, exposing her carotid and sink my fangs deep into her.
Her blood is sweeter than any wine or woman I have ever tasted before and just before I lose control I let go and she is standing there gasping. Lust in her eyes as I extend my hand to lead her into the bedroom.
Right as the door to my chambers close she is kissing my neck, undoing the buttons on my shirt exposing my chest, toned by centuries of fencing. Removing my shirt she starts lower, kissing my shoulders then moving down to lick my nipples. Taking a sharp nail she cuts a line on my left breast. Blood wells and she licks the wound close tasting of my blood once more. Purring she gets to her knees and pulls my pants down to the floor. Releasing my turgid penis she grasps it tight and starts to slowly lick the tip.
She works her way down my shaft until my entire member is in her mouth as she licks my at balls. Back and forth she moves along my cock working her hands and mouth along its shaft sucking me to full size. Taking my member from her mouth she stands up and steps back. Reaching behind her she undoes the draws to her corset baring the most perfect breasts to me. Putting my hand to the small of her back I bring her forth to me and kiss down to her dark areola drawing my fang across her nipple bringing her gasp of pleasure to my ears. Blood flows as I lap at her breast closing the cut.
Suddenly I throw her down on the bed and quickly remove her pants reveling the fact that she does not wear any other clothes. Smooth skin, pale and beautiful reveals that cusp of a womans virtue. I bring my face down to her swollen lips and taste her sliding my tongue in and around her pussy. Sweet nectar flows into my mouth giving me a true taste of the goddess in my grasp. Moans fill my ears as I lick her clit and back down lapping at the juices flowing. As she cums I sink my teeth into her thigh to taste her pleasure coursing through her blood.
Louder she cries out and I must take her before I lose my slender hold on my own orgasm. I plunge my weapon into her tight slit barely fitting in. Over and over again I move back and forth slowly gaining speed. Her muscles quiver around me and feel her cum again. The only sounds for what seems like hours are her moans and my panting I feel my orgasm rising and as I cry out she shoves me off of her and takes my cock in her mouth as I cum swallowing every last drop, milking me until every blood laced drop is spent gazing into my eyes the entire time.
We curl up on the bed as we feel dawns dread approach our Bestial selves sated again for this night. As dawns first light touches the horizon I wonder, "What does this mean for our domain?"