Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones


	Chapter Six

	After his encounter with Fran, Skeet began visiting her regularly. He learned quickly and soon knew most of Fran's tricks. And the more he learned, the more Fran enjoyed fucking him. Even when his frantic lust mellowed with experience, he was still a thrilling lover. 

	But his mother still distrusted Fran. Peg still suspected Fran was a witch. But even if she weren't, she was a strange woman, the type best avoided. Peg still remembered vividly how Skeet ran away from Fran when he'd seen her in the street-and how Fran had run from her in the hallway. 

	So, naturally, Peg was alarmed when she stepped out into the hallway and found Skeet coming out of their new neighbor's apartment. 

	Peg stared at her son, unable to speak. 

	"Hi, Mom," Skeet said, clearly as surprised as Peg at their meeting. 

	Skeet slid past his mother and disappeared into his room. 

	This was too much for Peg. She had to get to the bottom of this strange situation. First Skeet had headed the other way when seeing Fran in the street, and now he visited her without saying anything about it to his mother. 

	"Can I come in?" Peg said as she knocked on Skeet's bedroom door. 

	"Sure," he said in a voice that said the opposite. 

	Peg walked into the room. Her son lay on his bed with a comic book. 

	"What were you doing next door?" 

	"Oh, uh, nothing," Skeet said. "I was just, uh, coming up and I ran into Fran in the elevator. She invited me in for a Coke." 

	"Why didn't you tell me about the visit rather than high-tailing it to your room? You know I've been curious about our new neighbors." 

	"Jeez, Mom. It's no big deal. She just invited me in for a Coke. That's all." 

	"Oh. That was nice of her," Peg said as she sat on the edge of Skeet's bed. "What's she like?" 

	"She's nice." 

	"Just nice?" Peg asked, suspicious but not wanting to make Skeet suspicious of her. 

	"Well, she's pretty, talks a lot, and . . . nice." 

	Men could be so uncommunicative when they wanted to be, even if they were only teenagers. So she left the boy alone. But she was sure there was more to Skeet's visit than a Coke. And like a worried mother, Peg thought the worst-the new neighbor was going to lure her son into witchcraft. The book Peg read told how witches lured new members into their covens. 

	Now Peg was faced with a real dilemma. It was one thing to have a witch next door, but it was quite another to have a witch who was trying to lure her son into their horrible practices. 

	Peg knew what Dave would say when she told him of her fears. But this was too important to keep to herself. 

	"She might have seduced him, but that's nothing to worry about," Dave said. 

	"How can you be so casual about your own son?" Peg asked. "That crazy lady could be a witch. She's at least crazy. Why else would she have run back into her apartment when she saw me in the hallway?" 

	"Even if she were a witch or crazy, there would be no reason for her to run away from you. There must be another reason, and probably a perfectly reasonable one," Dave explained. "It's simple logic." 

	"You and your logic!" Peg said. "Logic doesn't explain everything." 

	"True, but it explains more things than any other method of reasoning. You should try it sometimes." 

	"Well, I hope that while you're sitting around being logical that crazy bitch doesn't turn our son into a warlock or something." 

	"Peg, listen to yourself! You're the one who sounds crazy. Why don't you just go next door and introduce yourself?" 

	"I did go over there, but she refused to open the door," Peg said triumphantly. "And I know she was home because I heard her talking through the wall just before I went over and she was still talking when I got back. Put that in your pipe and smoke it, Mr. Wise guy!" 

	"Well, let's forget about next door for the moment and think about what's going on right here," Dave said as he stretched out naked on the bed. "Come over here, baby." 

	"Don't 'baby' me," Peg said. "I'm in no mood for it." 

	"Great! You catch Skeet coming out of the apartment next door, where he probably got laid, and the upshot is I don't get laid. That makes a lot of sense!" 

	"Just for that, you can sleep on the couch," Peg said as she pulled the pillow out from under Dave's head and threw it out of the room. 

	Dave went to the couch without argument. When Peg was in one of these moods, it was better to be on the couch. As he lay there, he thought about calling on their neighbor, himself. But it would be his luck to have her husband open the door . . . 

	The next morning Peg was in as much of a quandary as ever. What was she going to do about Skeet being lured into a trap? She thought of all the kids who disappeared into cults-it was in the news all the time. She'd die before letting that happen to her son, especially when the cult was right next door! 

	There seemed to be only one thing to do. She would have to go next door and have it out with her neighbor. Even if she had to break down the door, she would tell that crazy bitch to keep her hands off Skeet. 

	Having a second cup of coffee, Peg gathered her courage. Then she paced back and forth in the living room, wringing her hands and planning what she'd say to that witch. 

	By the time she was knocking on the door, her heart was pounding and she was breathing heavily through clenched teeth. She knocked hard. There was no sound within, so she lifted her hand to knock again. But just as her fist flew at the door, it opened. 

	"Hello," Fran said with a smile. 

	The short black-haired woman seemed so sweet, so gentle, Peg was surprised at her behavior. But she knew that witches had wiles that she would have to be careful of. And what would be a better defense than sweetness and friendliness? 

	"I'm Skeet's mother, Peg Bryce." 

	"Of course!" Fran said. "I saw you the other day and I wanted to introduce myself. But just as I was about to say hello I remembered I had cookies in the oven so I ran back into the apartment. You must have thought I was awfully strange." 

	"Oh, well ..." Peg said. "I ... I guess ..." 

	"Come in," Fran said. "I was just going to have a cup of coffee. Will you join me?" 

	Peg was confused. A normal person wouldn't have thought of such a good answer so fast and effortlessly, unless, of course, it were true. 

	"Uh, sure, I'd love a cup," Peg said. 

	She bit her lip as she followed Fran into the kitchen. She was being buffaloed by this witch-just what she had warned herself against. But what could she do? 

	"I have a second cup of coffee about this time every day," Fran was saying. "After sending Phil off, I like to relax and slow down. I feel sorry for men having to run out into the world so early every morning. Don't you?" 

	"What?" Peg asked. 

	Peg had been too busy looking around Fan's apartment to listen. She didn't see anything witchy. In fact, the apartment was decorated with very good taste. But that was just the way a witch's apartment would be decorated, all the better to hide the nefarious goings-on. 

	Seated at the table, Peg gave Fran her attention. Fran didn't look like a witch. Rather, she looked like a woman would look if she had the power to form herself into any shape she desired. Naturally, a witch would choose to appear as a beautiful young woman, Peg reasoned. 

	As they made small talk, Peg tried to broach the subject of Skeet's visit. But Fran kept talking about the building and how she liked it better than the last place she had lived. 

	Fran was wearing the same silk robe she'd worn when Skeet first visited. And soon Peg was getting the same glimpses of Fran's perfect tits that had thrilled Skeet. The strange thing was, Fran's tits were having the same effect on Peg as they'd had on her son. Peg couldn't figure it out. 

	Now Fran was talking about Phil. She referred to him as her husband, but then said: "He's not really my husband. We've lived together for about three years. It was a good thing he came along. He rescued me from a lesbian relationship I'd gotten involved in." 

	Peg took that bit of news with an obvious jolt, especially since her cunt was moist from the peeks she'd had at Fran's gorgeous tits. 

	"You seem startled," Fran said with her customary frankness. "It's not that I'm a lesbian, really. But since college when I used to make it with a roommate, I've enjoyed lesbian sex occasionally. Then I got involved with Beth, the woman I was living with when I met Phil. I haven't made it with a chick since-and I sort of miss it." 

	Peg couldn't believe her own reaction to this news. She sat frozen with her cup halfway to her mouth. Her crotch was soaked with cunt juice and her eyes were glued to the firm tops of the tits that peeked from Fran's robe. 

	"Have you ever tried it?" Fran asked. "Oh, sorry. I'm terrible. I ask the most personal questions. I know it's none of my business." 

	Suddenly, Peg was terrified that Fran would change the subject. She didn't know what lurked at the back of her own mind, but she did know she wanted to explore this topic further. 

	"No," Peg said. "I never have. But . . ." 

	Again Peg was frozen. But now, at least, Fran could see her interest in the subject at hand, if she hadn't seen it all along. 

	"But?" Fran said, peering into Peg's eyes. 

	"But I've always wondered what it would be like," Peg said, forcing herself to form each word, still not believing what was happening. 

	"Really?" Fran said with an edge of lust in her voice. "Well, if you're really curious, I can show you exactly what it's like!" 

	Peg felt as though she'd been punched in the stomach. Until now she'd never had any interest in lesbianism. But now she was desperate to have the sexy creature across the table ravage her body! Still, she couldn't tell Fran that-or even look her in the eye. 

	Fran got up and came to Peg. Without saying a word, she held out her hand. Like a little girl, Peg took the hand and was led into Fran's bedroom. 

	As Fran slipped out of her robe, the last echo of suspicion about witches slipped from Peg's mind and was replaced by burning fuck-lust. 

	Naked, her firm tits wearing erect crowns of dark brown, her pussy hair bristling, a sexy warm odor lingering around her, Fran stepped up to Peg's shaking body and kissed her. Lightly at first, then harder, Fran pressed her opened mouth to Peg's. 

	The touch of Fran's soft lips was enough to unleash Peg's pent-ups longings. She opened her mouth, too, and the chicks' tongues intertwined. They threw their arms around each other, pressing their tits into a crush of softness. 

	Holding the naked woman in her arms, kissing her passionately, Peg accepted this perversion like a convert to a new religion. 

	Just as she had with Skeet, Fran stepped back and told Peg to undress. She undressed quickly, eagerly, knowing she would be in for unspeakable joy when she was nude. Peg soon stood naked in front of Fran. She was slightly jealous of the younger woman's firmer tits and flatter belly. 

	But when Fran whispered: "You're beautiful," Peg felt better. 

	Fran lay on the bed and held her arms out toward Peg. Peg, recognizing an invitation, hurried to join Fran. 

	As Peg's slightly droopy tits felt Fran's firm tits press against them, Peg reached for those treasures of flesh. Her first handful of tit flesh was a revelation-nothing in the world felt as good. No wonder men went wild to get their hands on a pair of tits! 

	The women were exploring each other's mouth with writhing tongues. They each had a hand on the other's tit. Their legs slipped around each other, bringing their cunt muffs into hot contact. 

	Peg had never kissed or felt up like this. No man made love to her with such skill, with such tender care and delicacy. Peg had never been so hot. 

	Fran pulled her face back from Peg's. She looked down at the way Peg was squeezing her tit. Peg looked down too as her hand roamed about on Fran's tit. Seeing Fran's slender fingers on her own tit was exciting too. 

	"Isn't it wonderful?" Fran asked. 

	"Yes! Oh, yes!" 

	Fran began wiggling down Peg's body until her face was between Peg's tits. She lifted one of those soft tits to her face as a wino might lift a bottle. Fran's pink tongue covered Peg's pink nipple over and over with wet licks. Then she opened her mouth and began sucking. 

	"Ohhhh!" Peg sighed wantonly. 

	Having her tit sucked always made Peg wild, but this was even wilder than she'd expected. Fran's tender but greedy mouth pulling at her tit drove her into a fit of rapture! Peg writhed, throwing her head from side to side and rubbing her cunt mound on Fran's hip, leaving a damp swath of pussy juice there. 

	As Fran sucked Peg's tit, she ran a hand down Peg's back, raking her long fingernails down Peg's spine. Back and forth Fran's fingers moved, each time going lower until they were traveling down Peg's ass crack. Then Fran kept her fingers below Peg's waist, moving them over the soft expanse of her ass cheeks and delving into the warm valley that separated them. 

	Peg squirmed. "Ohhhh, Fran!" she gasped. "God! I never ... never ..." 

	Fran's fingers began creeping lower. Fran reached between Peg's thighs. When she found her liquid-filled cunt slot, Fran became even more gentle. She probed Peg's cunt, and Peg loved it. By going over so slowly and carefully Fran made every touch, every movement pay off with maximum excitement. 

	Switching her mouth to Peg's right tit, Fran began sucking even harder. Her teeth sank into Peg's tit, producing both pleasure and pain, and Peg found the combination even more exciting than simple pleasure. 

	"Ahhhhh!" Peg cried. 

	Now Fran's fingers were dipped into the outer regions of Peg's cunt. They were lined up along Peg's inner cunt lips, wiggling and stimulating those tender pussy folds. Fran's little finger was lightly brushing Peg's clit with just enough friction to raise Peg's joy steadily. 

	With the expert handling of her pussy and the vigorous sucking of her tits, Peg was becoming wild. She hugged Fran's head with her arms and her body with her legs. 

	Then Peg felt a slender, feminine finger slowly fuck into her cunt. 

	What a heavenly sensation! Even when her finger was lodged high up Peg's pussy, Fran moved it carefully. Slowly, her finger made circular trips around that narrow space, stretching the walls of her pussy. 

	After a while of this treatment, Peg was almost delirious. She'd forgotten all about witches. But even if she did remember, it wouldn't matter. A chick who could make her feel this good could be a witch or any damn thing she pleased as far as Peg was concerned. 

	Fran was moving down Peg's body again before Peg knew what was happening. Then it occurred to her that her tits were no longer being sucked. She looked down. 

	Peg knew instantly what was going to happen next and the thought multiplied her ecstasy. Fran was already lying alongside Peg's legs, her nose grazing her hair. Then Fran looked up and they looked into each other's eyes. 

	Fran rolled Peg over on her back and spread her thighs wider. Holding her face about a foot from Peg's cunt, Fran gazed into her pussy like a fortune teller gazing into a crystal ball. 

	Now Peg was in contact with Fran only where Fran's hands touched her thighs, holding them wide open. But Peg was as wild as ever. Just having such a kinky chick looking into her pussy was enough to drive her crazy with passion! 

	Fran looked at Peg's spread pussy for a long time. Peg watched Fran's face, seeing there the joy Fran was getting from the sight. 

	"You have such a lovely cunt!" Fran said at last. 

	Then Fran's head began moving toward Peg's pussy. Ever so slowly, Fran moved her face within licking distance. And Peg watched, waiting for the touch of Fran's tongue in her cunt. It was like a slow-motion movie. Fran's eyes slowly closed. Her tongue slowly came out. 

	"Ahhhh!" Peg gasped at the first contact between tongue and cunt. 

	Fran had stuck her tongue tip between Peg's pussy lips. Then, moving her head up, Fran dragged her tongue to Peg's clit. It was such a soft lick Peg felt it as a faint tickle, like a tiny breeze. Nevertheless, it sent a powerful spasm of rapture through her shivering body! 

	Fran placed her tongue at the starting point again and brought it along Peg's cunt gash. When she got to Peg's clit again, she fluttered that knot of sensitive flesh. 

	"Hhhhhh!" Peg sighed with a deep breath. 

	Over and over Fran's tongue moved along Peg's loose and slippery pussy slot. And each time, Peg gasped desperately. She was nearing an orgasm, and it was going to be a good one! 

	"Aaahhh!" Peg began to wail when she came. 

	That was Fran's signal to attack Peg's clit mercilessly. So, ignoring the rest of Peg's cunt, Fran sucked Peg's clit into her mouth and sucked it as though it were a little cock. 

	Peg threw her arms to the sides of the bed and held on. Her legs were raised and thrashing the air over Fran's head. Her backbone was arched. Peg was experiencing the most profound bliss of her life! 

	Fran had done everything so tenderly until her attack on Peg's clit that the attack was- more exciting for being unexpected. And it lasted a long time, too. As long as Peg wailed and writhed, Fran kept squeezing Peg's clit between her tongue and the roof of her mouth, holding it between her teeth. Then, even when Peg's feet dropped, Fran continued. 

	"Okay! That's enough!" Peg pleaded. 

	She grabbed Fran's head in her hands and thighs as she begged for her to stop. But Fran stopped slowly, unwillingly. And by the time Peg's clit was free, Peg was near panic. 

	"Did you like that?" Fran asked as she crawled up over Peg's quaking body. 

	"God, yes!" Peg said. "But I thought I was going to lose my mind!" 

	"Sometimes I don't know when to stop," Fran admitted. 

	Fran was kneeling over Peg, straddling her on hands and knees like a wolf over its prey. Then she began kissing and licking Peg's mouth, giving Peg a good taste of her own cunt juice. 

	Peg licked and kissed back. She liked the flavor of her own cunt juice. But was Peg ready to eat a cunt, to stick her tongue into another woman's wet pussy? It didn't take her long to decide that she was! 

	"Do you want me to eat you?" she asked shyly. 

	Fran's pretty face broke out in a smile that answered the question. Fran moved up Peg's body, sliding her ass right over Peg's tits. 

	Peg looked at Fran's cunt as it neared her face. Beneath the shining black pubic hair, Fran's cunt lips were spread, and between them Peg saw twin ridges of pink cunt flesh peeking out. Peg could already smell the unique odor of simmering pussy juice. 

	Squatting over Peg's face, Fran brought her pussy into range. Fran had the sensation of being helpless-and in for an adventure. 

	Now Fran's pussy was so close, Peg couldn't focus on it. It was merely a massive darkness over her face. The smell of a hot cunt intoxicated her. 

	High above Peg's face, Fran's body towered. Looking up, Peg marveled at Fran's tits proudly standing from her chest. And higher still was Fran's smiling face looking down at her. 

	Peg stuck out her tongue and joined the leagues of cunt-lappers. 

	At first she licked Fran's pussy with a tentative probing. She touched her cunt here and there with the tip of her tongue. But she began to enjoy the tender flesh that her tongue found as Fran's cunt juice seeped into her mouth. 

	Then Peg began moving her tongue along Fran's cunt gash, pressing harder and harder and enjoying the syrupy liquid that flowed into her mouth and over her face. 

	"Ohhhhh! Wonderful!" Fran cooed. 

	It didn't take Peg long to throw herself into this perversion with gusto. After swabbing the juice from the outer regions of Fran's pussy, Peg lifted her head to fuck her tongue right up her cunt. Fran lowered her cunt so Peg could ream her pussy without having to hold her head up off the pillow. 

	It was a strange but fabulous sensation-having her tongue wiggling in Fran's flowing cuntal chamber. Peg felt so perverted, so kinky, and so excited! 

	With her tongue up Fran's cunt, Peg's nose was at the front corner of Fran's pussy. Through Fran's pussy hair, she looked up Fran's body to see her grab her own tits and massage them vigorously. 

	Peg kept her tongue wiggling and began nodding her head to increase the motion in Fran's pussy. 

	"Ahhhhh!" Fran moaned happily. 

	Peg loved giving Fran such pleasure. And the more Fran moaned, the harder Peg tried to increase her joy. But her tongue began to get tired and it was difficult to keep her head nodding with the weight of Fran's body on her face. So Peg grabbed Fran's ass and lifted. Fran raised her cunt an inch or so and Peg resumed licking its outer area. 

	Imitating the way Fran had sucked her cunt, Peg concentrated her licks to Fran's clit when she thought Fran was ready. Pressing her tongue to Fran's clit, Peg diddled it just as she diddled her own clit with her finger when she masturbated. 

	The effect was instantaneous and powerful! Fran squealed with bliss and wiggled her ass on Peg's tits. Peg held Fran's firm and felt them break out into a sweat as Fran came. 

	Attacking Fran's clit, holding her ass, and watching her play with her own tits, Peg did her best to give Fran a great climax. By the way Fran's voice rose through several octaves and the way she wiggled, Peg judged her orgasm to be a good one, indeed! 

	Suddenly, when she'd had enough, Fran lifted her cunt from Peg's fluttering tongue. But she remained straddling Peg and holding her own tits for a while, giving Peg a good chance to admire the view. Then Fran collapsed beside Peg. 

	"Oh, baby, that was wonderful!" Fran whispered as she embraced Peg. "Are you sure that was the first time you ever sucked a pussy?" 

	But Peg didn't answer. Now that the job was done, she was thinking clearer. She remembered why she had come over in the first place-and it wasn't to become a lesbian. How had this happened? What did it mean? 

	Peg quickly changed from hot pervert to a cold and frightened woman. She had to get away from Fran before she was dragged into a pit of perversion. 

	Swinging her feet over the side of the bed, Peg avoided Fran's embrace. Then she grabbed her clothing and began pulling it on as fast as she could. 

	"I've got to be running," she said. 

	"Okay," Fran said. "But don't feel bad about what we did. It isn't anything to be ashamed of, you know." 

	"Good-bye," Peg said as she ran from the room, still buttoning her blouse. 

	In her own apartment again, Peg was in turmoil. Had she been duped by a witch, or had she merely acted out a secret fantasy that had been at the back of her mind for a long time? Was Fran a witch or merely a sexy chick? 


To Be Continued
