A new case brings a reunion with an old friend for Morse. An old friend who ends up dead, an incident that doesn't improve his mood. And as if one loss wasn't bad enough, he's also bound to lose his trusty Sergeant.

Investigation of the death of Anthony Donn 

Arnold College after the body has been discovered

"Do you want to start taking statements?" Morse asks Lewis in passing, fully expecting to hear his Sergeant say 'yes, Sir'.

"What, now?!" Lewis says instead, making Morse stop and turn to look at the younger man.

"Don't tell me," he says, sighing a little. "You're baby-sitting."

"No. I'm on leave, Sir. From half an hour ago."

"Leave?"

"Just a week, Sir. That's all." Once again it took Morse just one word to make Lewis feel like he's done something wrong, disappointed his boss. Which, he tells himself, is ridiculous.

"Oh. Did I know about this?" Morse actually seems puzzled.

Lewis, on the other hand, can't believe what he's hearing. "You signed the form!"

Morse seems even more surprised. "Did I?" He takes a step closer, struggling for words. "Look, it's not very convenient, Lewis. What are you doing anyway, going to Butlins?"

"No, sir. Actually, I've got the outside of the house to paint and some gutters to fix and what have you."

Morse still doesn't want to accept that Lewis wants to leave him alone, now, at the start of an enquiry. An enquiry that hits a bit too close to home for comfort. "I thought you'd had your leave. You're always on leave!"

Now Lewis is on the verge of rolling his eyes at his boss in annoyance. What is it with Morse today? He's been on leave many times over the years and his boss never acted up like this. He does his best not to lose his patience. "No. Ten days at Christmas, a couple of days over the Easter holidays and now this."

"Yes... yes. All right, Lewis," Morse finally concedes, looking fairly miserable.

When Morse later comes up with the idea to have Lewis go undercover and pays his Sergeant a visit at home, Lewis isn't very excited about the assignment, but in the end he accepts.

Still, Morse feels worse when he leaves Lewis's place. For the first time he has met his Sergeant's family, has been welcomed by Mrs. Lewis and offered tea, has watched Lewis play cricket with his son. He feels like a total fool for even thinking about wasting Lewis's time with visits to the pub or invitations to his house. It needs to end, Morse tells himself determinedly.

And yet, the day a second man has died, he finds himself in Lewis's company in his living room late at night. Due to Lewis's undercover mission, there just wasn't time to talk properly before, except from their brief encounter in the gents at the cricket pitch. This time, however, Morse keeps his distance, sits in a chair at his desk, his back turned towards Lewis, only looking at his Sergeant over his shoulder. It's easier that way. Lewis either doesn't realize it or doesn't care. Either way is fine with Morse, or so he tells himself. 

Lewis is bound to go on tour with the cricket team for a week and is pleasantly surprised when Morse sees him and the team off at the port. But in the end, the tour never happens and Lewis's true identity is revealed when the pieces of their case finally fall into place. 

After they've made their arrests, Morse and Lewis look around Mrs. Donn's London flat one last time. Lewis, thorough as ever, listens to the messages on her answering machine. When Morse hears his own voice, his private message he left for Mrs. Donn, he gets up to leave, embarrassed by his own behaviour. What in the world possessed him to flirt with the widow whose husband's death he'd been investigating at the time? 

Mrs. Donn's flat, London

"Sir?" Lewis says quietly, making Morse turn. He looks at the tape from the answering machine that Lewis is offering him, the tape he had expected Lewis to file as evidence. "Let's go home then, eh?" The younger man asks quietly.

Morse accepts the tape from Lewis without meeting his eyes for more than a second. "Yeah."

"Any idea what time it is?" Lewis wonders, prompting Morse to look up at him hopefully.

"Why? Are you up for a pint?"

"Well, actually, I was hoping that we might be in time to see the end of the test match."

It's obviously not what Morse had hoped for. "Yes, of course, Lewis. I mean... where could we avoid it?"

They head out the door to a waiting patrol car which takes them to the station. They spend the drive in silence; it's only when they're seated on the train that will take them back to Oxford, that Lewis makes another attempt at conversation. "We could find a pub that shows the match," he suggests.

"Yes, I suppose so," Morse says absent mindedly, his view not wavering from the window.

Lewis decides it's once again time for an attempt to cheer his boss up. "So, did you miss me, then?"

"Hm?" Morse turns his head to look at him while his mind catches up with what his Sergeant just said. "Well, working with Hilaire does make your talents shine brighter, Lewis."

Lewis grins happily. "I'll be on leave for another two days, though. You'll have to put up with him a little longer."

"Leave? I thought we'd agreed you don't need leave."

"No, that was for the undercover mission. And that's over. You very loudly blew my cover."

"You must have paperwork to do, surely?"

"I can just as well do that on Monday, can't I?" Lewis is still grinning happily.

Morse sighs overly dramatically. "All right, Lewis. You can watch the test match, I'll even buy you a drink, but you return to regular duty tomorrow."

"Ah, I don't know, Sir, two days with the wife and kids sound pretty good. And it's the weekend after all."

Morse looks away for a moment. "Don't push your luck, Lewis," he says and when he looks back at Lewis, there's a challenge in his eyes.

Lewis cocks his head and his grin fades a little. "It is the weekend. So unless we get a new case..."

"Yes, all right. You can do your paperwork on Monday, but if we do get a new case, you're back on duty."

"And we're watching the match. And you buy me a drink."

Morse narrows his eyes for a moment but then can't help smiling. He shakes his head. "You drive a hard bargain, Lewis. But I suppose I can live with this deal."

Lewis smiles happily.

Later that evening, Morse wonders what happened to his resolution to stop wasting Lewis's time, to make sure his Sergeant got to see more of his family. All thrown to the wind due to a grin and a silly remark by Lewis.