Author: Storyman
Title: Helping out at the bar
Part: 1
Summary: A man ask his wife to take a part time job in a bar to meet new sex partners.
Keywords: MF, WF, slut, inter, oral, exhib
        
        These stories are written from my heart and are what I fantasize about.  I like hearing from like-minded individuals especially women who enjoy my thoughts, but please do not write just to correct my grammar.  

Storyman000@yahoo.com
	
Helping out at the bar 

Chapter 3 of 3   				5/31/05

	Taking the next few days off gave Tina a chance to reflect on what she had done as well as what she was willing to do.  Even when she would try and seriously debate this in her mind she would always end up touching herself.  

	She is pleasantly surprised when Tony calls and asks her to come to work for awhile today, saying that he has someone who would like to meet her.  Tina dresses in her little shorts and tank top and heads off to the bar.  Tony meets her at the door and introduces the 2-guys that just delivered the juke box.  Her eyes are still adjusting when the guys are all walking her to the bar and she notices the picture cube hanging above the bar.  One of the men looks familiar but Tina keeps moving towards the cube to see the pictures.

	Oh shit! she exclaims taking the cube in her hand.  The first picture is of her spread open sitting on the bar stool.  The second is of her bent over the stool spreading herself open.  The third is of her sucking Tonys cock.  The fourth is of her licking his balls and the last is of her with cum all over her, while pumping Tonys cock.

	She feels woozy and almost falls from the chair.  Looking to Tony she asked, Where???  Tony smiles, puts his arm around her and says, Dont you remember Dave taking those pictures?  He brought them in the next day.  I also have some extras that I am selling behind the bar.	  Completely speechless Tina sits amongst these men with her dirty photos hanging next to them.

	Not even aware of what the men are talking about she feels a pair of hands behind her, reach around and run up and under her shirt.  Roughly the hands grope her boobs while she begins to pick up on whats going on.  The man in front of her opens his pants lewdly and asks, Do you remember me now?  You sucked my dick last week in the bathroom.  The man behind her is kissing her neck now and she can feel herself becoming lost in the moment while Tony looks on smiling.  

	Her shorts come off quickly and soon she is nude, sitting on the barstool with a cock between her legs.  The man behind her still plays roughly with her boobs but keeps her from falling as both legs are raised in the air.  Her eyes close and when they open the men have changed places.  The man fucking her is fat and ugly, smelling like a pig.  As he nears orgasm he pulls out and says, Just like in the photo.  The man behind Tina almost dumps her in the floor as this man stands over her pumping his dick.  With barely enough time to bring her mouth to his cock he wildly pumps load after load of cum into her mouth, face and hair.  When he finally calms down, he forces it into her mouth saying, Suck it clean, bitch.

	On her knees Tina sucks this horrible mans cock clean and then some, before the other man brings his to her lips for service.  Cum seeps from her pussy and drips from her face as the men get dressed and talk business with Tony.  I guess we have a deal then, says Tony.  The man replies, As long as we get to fuck her once a month, the juke box is yours.  And shes a really good fuck.

	The men leave while Tony helps Tina from the floor saying, Thanks, we got a really good deal on that juke box.  Tina looks around the room and can see picture cubes on all of the tables.

	At home, Tina searches for answers to her daily question but decides to just quit asking.  When Dave walks in, Tina kisses him and says, I saw the pictures at the bar today.  Dave smiles and says, They were some great shots heh?  Did you work today?  Turning away Tina says, No.  Tony asked me to come and fuck some guys for his new juke box.  Dave grabs her from the rear, hugging her tightly and tells her how much he loves her.  
	
	Tina accepts his affection, turning to face him and kissing his lips whispering, I dont want to take the pill anymore.  This causes Dave to look at her confused as she continues.  I want the guys at the bar, especially Tony, to have a chance to make me pregnant.  Dave stammers a little while still holding her and replies, You want the guys in the bar to make you pregnant?  Tina smiles, reaching for Daves cock, kissing his neck and whispers, I want to give my self completely to the guys at the bar and have a black baby.  

	Sliding down, Tina begins to suck on Daves hard cock.  Dave stands quietly watching this beauty suck on him, when she looks up and says, Would you mind if the guys at the bar play Russian roulette with my womb?  Dave shakes his head yes and explodes into her mouth while she stares at his smiling face.

	The next morning early they are awakened by the doorbell ringing several times.  Its 4 am, Dave says, rolling out of bed to answer the door.  Turning on the porch light he can see Tony looking around cautiously.  Dave opens the door saying, Whats up Tony its 4 am?  Tony smiles and responds quietly, You said if I ever wanted to fuck Tina to just call, so, here I am.  I thought if I fuck her here, I can take my time and fuck her properly in your bed.  

	Dave blinks several times and leads Tony upstairs to the bedroom.  Who was it?  Tina says as she hears him enter the room.  Its Tony dear, hes come to fuck you in our bed, was Daves soft reply.  Let me grab my things and you can move right in.  Tony was already undressed and on the bed when Dave closed the door taking one last look at this big black man bringing his hard cock to his wifes pretty face.

	Several hours had passed when Dave awoke in the guest room and opened the door slowly into his bedroom.  Tina was on top of Tony and he could clearly see the large black cock disappearing over and over as she took long slow strokes.  Dave could not help but to stand and watch the erotic sight of this cock moving inside of his white wife.  Tina was moaning, Plant your seed in me.  Make me have your baby.  

	This sticks in Daves mind and he goes into the bathroom to shower and jerks off to what he has just seen.  He gets ready for work quietly all the while watching this free show on his bed.  Once he is done and ready for work Tina raises up off of this cock slowly, letting it slap back against his stomach, and turns to Dave saying, This has to be the best present you could have ever given me.  She reaches out and grabs the cock with one hand while smiling.  She lays her face on his stomach and licks at his cock as she strokes it towards her face.  The site is too much for Dave who soon has his cock out and is pulling on it.  Her white face on his black skin with her tongue and red lips just touching that black cock were too tempting.

	He begins cumming in long streams as Tina pumps his cock towards her face making quite the mess.  When he is finished she licks and sucks him clean with his sperm all over her face.  Standing and looking to Dave she can see that he has came all over the floor while watching but is still hard and stroking.  Tina walks to him and sucks the cum from his cock before kneeling down to lick his cum from the carpet.  

	Watching in disbelief, Dave is silent as she kisses him goodbye and begins to suck on Tony again.  Looking to Tony she says so that Dave can hear, I am going to let you make me pregnant.  Tonys cock immediately became hard like rock as he smiles brightly saying, Ive always wanted to knock up a white girl but I never dreamed of her looking like you.  Tina smiles before letting Tony feel her throat as her mouth went all the way down his cock until her nose was buried in his pubic hair.
	
	That night Tina walks in to the bar in a short tight skirt that zips all the way up the side with her short tank top.  Tony smiles at her as she walks towards him in her sexy way and says, You look damn fine today.  Tina sits down at the bar and can see that a few more pictures have appeared and are laminated and glued to the bar.  Tina giggles at one of the photos and says, Who would want to drink on a picture of me with my butt spread open facing them?  Any real guy on earth would, Tony replied quickly.  

	Tina walks around the bar and wraps her arms around Tony from the rear grabbing for his cock cooing, I sure enjoyed having you in my bed.  Tony just smiles and tells her smiling, Get back to work!

	The guys pour in early as Tina takes care of the room.  Watching from the bar Tony can see the guys that are regulars can reach under her skirt easily causing her to squeal.  Several of the guys are also unzipping her skirt as she talks with them.

	Drinking a little more then normal Tina is sitting in the bathroom when she hears someone else come in.  This happens all the time and she just waits for them to leave.  When she steps from the stall the man is still there and is pulling on himself while looking at her.  Tina smiles at the man and he comes all over the floor.  A man walks in just after he shoots and escorts him roughly to the door.  Tina straightens herself and finds the big man that just bounced the guy out of the bar.  When she locates him at the bar, she wraps her arm around him causing him to choke on his beer.  Tina recognizes him and says kindly, Youre the man that escorts me to my car at night.  The man nods his head and quietly says, Sometimes.  

	Nicely, Tina kisses the man and whispers, Anything you want, anytime.  She looks at him as she walks away to bus tables.  Later she sees the big man leaving and goes outside to see why, catching him at his car she ask, Did I do something wrong?  No, Im just a little shy, he says while looking down.  Tina puts her arms around this huge man and comments, You are one big man.  I would just like to thank you properly and Ill do it out here if you would rather.  The big man says nothing and Tina reaches for his crotch and begins fondling him.  Unzipping his pants she works his cock out where she can see it and says sexily, You have a very nice cock.  I am going to suck it for you and you should feel free to cum anytime you want.  The big guy was stunned at this point but too horney to run as Tina stooped down and began to love on his cock.  Within minutes the man has both hands on her head and is literally fucking her face roughly.  Tina relaxes, trying to let him do what he needs when suddenly he forces her head completely down, entering her throat. 

	Cum begins to erupt into her throat as he pulls back and slams into her throat several more times until slowing to let her taste some of his cum in her mouth.  When he is clean he helps her from the ground and she puts his cock away.  Smiling at her he says, Thank you.  Tina kisses him and says, No, thank you.  You have a very special invitation to my bedroom anytime you want.  My plan is to become pregnant and you are very welcome.  Now come on back in and have another drink before you go home.

	They walk back in together and Tina goes about work as though nothing has happened.  The old man walks up to her and whispers, Tony said I can fuck you.  Tina looks to Tony and smiles before leading the old man to the bathroom.  The old man does not last long as he does her from the rear.  The other men in the rest room cheer as Tina licks him clean but they stay back knowing who her new friend is.  

	A booth with several guys in it invite Tina to dance and she happily starts to dance in the back with one of the men.  The dancing quickly turns dirty as all of the men join in.  One of the young men whispers, I want to fuck you.  Tina nicely points them at Tony and 2 of the guys go to the bar.  Tina can see money changing hands as the other 2 are touching her all over as they dance.  

	Loving all the attention Tina does not notice Dave sitting at the bar watching and talking to Tony and the real big man.  The young men have danced her in to the corner while the music plays and their friends join them.  Losing track of herself she remembers feeling her skirt being unzipped but cannot recall when the cocks started poking out at her.  Completely aroused one of the young men lifts her and leans her against the corner, entering her roughly.  Within seconds his friends are laughing at him and he is replaced by another.  This cock is larger and Tina orgasms easily at his stroking.  

	When all 4 of the guys have finished one of them tells her that it is his bachelor party tonight.  Congratulating him she walks to the bar carrying her skirt to find Dave and the others watching.  They clap as she approaches causing her to bow.  You are definitely the life of this party, Dave tells her as she leans into him, kissing him.

	Dave lifts her shirt off over her head and Tina turns for the cheers of the crowd.  Bringing the drinks to the tables the men touch her all over and several of them ask about favors, but Tina always points them to Tony.  No sooner had she delivered a few drinks when she was called upon to suck another cock.  The man pushed his chair back and Tina dropped to her knees sucking him to completion in just minutes.  Still on her knees she crawls to the next one and sucks him also.  

   At the bar Tony tells her that the 4-guys playing pool purchased a fuck but that they are playing for it.  Tina does not look to Dave but struts to the pool table where the guys are playing.  The game has just started and the guys are deadly serious on their shots.  Tina is somewhat ignored and takes a pool cue from the next table and begins to stroke it between her legs.  Watching Tina has ruined their game and the big guy at the bar walks to the table and does not say a word.  The guys quit arguing with each other in fear of the big guy and go back to their game.
   
   Naked Tina stands amongst them playfully and they touch her carefully.  As the game winds down to its last shot Tina has laid down on her back on the next table and has several fingers buried in herself.  The shot is made and the men turn to see Tinas whole fist disappear into her pussy.  They all stand and watch this erotic show until her eyes open and she smiles at the winners.
   
   His cock comes out quickly as she scoots off the table and turns to lean over the edge.  The crowd watches quietly as this man pounds away giving her several loud orgasms.  The other man begins to complain that it is his turn and Tina moves his direction sliding off the table but not pulling off of the cock behind her.
   
   Reaching out he brings his cock to her mouth and she sucks him to completion just as the man fucking her announces that he is cumming.  They stay locked like this until the cocks begin to soften.  Tina steadies herself against the pool table while another man says, I get to fuck your face next. 
   
   Tina in a daze is pushed gently up on the pool table and slid to where her head hangs off the end.  The man does not say a word but just puts his smelly, dirty cock in her mouth and begins to fuck roughly until he grunts loudly shooting into her throat causing sperm to come out of her nose as she gagged.  When he finishes he wipes himself on her face while she is still coughing.  Sitting up on the table, cum oozes from her pussy onto the table.
   
   For Tina the night becomes a blur sucking cocks until she is a complete mess, covered in many mens cum, her hair is matted and her face white and crusted.  Only a few men remain when she awakens on a pool table and realizes that her left eye is stuck shut.  She can see her men at the bar all smiling at her and she takes the pool cue next to her and looks to her men as she slowly inserts the large end of the cue into herself.  Her mind drifts into her fantasy world as she impales herself over and over.
	
	The guys clean the bar up and when Tina wakes it is just her and her 3 men.  Sitting up she has to remove the pool cue still stuck in her pussy.  The big guy lifts her off the table and helps her stand.  Did I loose control or what? Tina ask leaning on the bar.  The guys laugh and Dave says, We were just hoping you have enough energy to do us.  Tina looks to them and says in a tired manner, I thought I would never say this but, Im done.  I need some sleep and my mouth and pussy are sore and tired.  Im not working tomorrow and you guys are invited to our house for breakfast when the bar closes.  In our bed you can fuck me all day.  

	The guys can do nothing but agree and Tina lets the big guy drive her car home following Dave.  She rides in her car with the big guy driving and leans into him.  Feeling safe and needed she rubs his cock and falls asleep as he drives.  

	Once home the big guy helps Dave by carrying Tina into the house and placing her in bed.  Tina is fast asleep when Dave ask the big man his name and then proceeds to tell Daren, You can sleep it off in here and Ill sleep in the guest room.  Daren does not respond before Dave begins grabbing his robe and heading for the door.

	Dave slept in on Sunday morning and opened his bedroom door quietly at around 11 am to find Daren and his wife fast asleep.

	Later that afternoon Tina came downstairs all chipper and happy, having just taken a shower, she was a new person again.  Daren is in the shower and I love you so much, Tina sings while falling into Daves arms.  Still nude, she is stunning as she gets them coffee from the kitchen.  Tina returns to the living room and Daren has come down and sits on the couch.  Tina gives him her cup of coffee and turns to get her one saying, I sure am walking a little funny this morning.  Someone just fucked me silly and I hope he left us a little surprise.  Tina rubs her stomach playfully while Dave laughs and Daren seeing this laughs also.

	Tina sits next to Daren and places her hand on his crotch saying, I had never even considered having my own stable of studs before.

	Dave drives Tina to the bar that night to surprise Tony.  Wearing only her black sheer robe, Tony almost faints as she walks in.  The guys all cheer as she walks to the bar and hugs Tony.  Tony tries to be cool and tells her, You didnt take your money last night.  Tony hands her a wad of bills and says, $650.  Now it is Tina that is stunned and she announces to the room, I just wanted Tony to see what I would be wearing later when he comes to my house to fuck me.  The guys all cheer loudly and start slapping Tonys hand at the bar.  Tina then continues, Tony is going try and make me pregnant tonight, if he can.  The guys all go nuts at this and Tony stares at Tina.

	Tony accepts the applause and unzips his pants pulling out his cock saying, I want Tina to see what she will be getting later on tonight, over and over again.  You will be so full of my cum that you can bet youll be a mommy soon.  The guys continue cheering and Tina takes him in hand and makes love to his cock with her face.  When she knows he will cum, she pulls back and jerks him off all over her face and hair.  After licking him clean the room is still cheering when she whispers to him, I have never been so horney. 

	Dave can see from the mess that Tony enjoyed the surprise as they headed home to get ready for breakfast.  Tina showered and fingered herself that night while Dave jerked off so many times it hurt all waiting for what was to happen next.

	The door bell did not ring because Tina was waiting for her men nude, in the doorway that morning, wearing only her heels.  When Dave finally woke he could hear her moaning in pleasure and looked into the room to see her sandwiched between her 2 black lovers like an Oreo cookie.  Tony was on top with his cock buried in Tinas ass.  Everyone was moving so slowly and then sperm began leaking from around Tonys cock while Dave moved in closer.  Spent, Tony pulls from Tinas ass, collapsing on the bed next to them leaving her gaping open.  Tina sits up and has one last orgasm with Daren before beginning to realize where she is.

	Rising off of Daren she lays between her lovers and licks them clean much to their pleasure.  Sperm runs down her leg as she stands and turns to Dave saying, Lets all have some breakfast.  I think theyre going to need some energy to make it till dinner.  If Im not pregnant yet, I want to be soon.  

	Dave stands quietly with his cock in one hand and a pregnancy test in the other as his wife and lovers exit the bed room.

Dedicated to a drop dead gorgeous woman whom which I can only dream of having as my own.

The Story Man
