        "Getting Along"
        by Pedro Vila


   Their names were Tari and Becky, but I called them Tom and Jerry.
   Both were quite fetching young girls, both twelve, and both just beginning to bud. Tary, Jerry as I called her, was the exotic one with black hair and beautiful almond eyes that seemed to have natural eye liner built in.
   Tom on the other hand, had a more plain look to her like that of a soon to be beautiful woman, but for now was just plain pretty with mousey brown hair and a few freckles.
   And they both couldn't stand the sight of each other.
   This made living with them sometimes exasperating, which happens when you're married to both of them. Oh, don't get me wrong. They both love me completely, and will one day bring me beautiful children, but living together had made them competitive and nasty to each other.
   I was getting tired of breaking them up and decided after a long night of them yelling, and a few slaps, that it was time to end it once and for all.
   So there I stood, glowering down at them as they fumed sitting on the bed in their under pants and under shirts.
   "Now, you two. This is going to stop tonight and I'm going to figure out some way to make you both get along!"
   "But she started it...." Jerry blurted.
   "Be quiet!!" That was my on-the-edge voice. They knew not to push me when I used it. "It's the three of us for the rest of our lives. You both knew that going into this thing, and I'm not letting either of you leave me. Ever!
   "Now I love you both, but this is going to stop tonight! Period!"
   I waited for one of them to say something. Neither said a word. They both knew I meant business, and that was good. I had their undivided attention.
   I figured out my plan. "Now, both of you sit here and don't say a word! I'll be right back." I went and got something from the kitchen, then I came back and grabbed a belt from the closet. Both of my girls froze at the sight of the belt. I only had to use it on them a few times a few years back when I first married them, and they had stayed in line pretty well since. Except for this not getting along thing lately.
   Maybe I could have slapped a little mutual respect into them with it, but it wouldn't last. And I had a much better plan.
   I grabbed some baby oil from the dresser and said to them both, "Strip." They both complied, eyeing the belt in my hand. I didn't tell them that I wasn't going to use it on them the way they thought for the time being. I needed their full cooperation to make this work.
   When both of my lovely budding girls were naked, I had them stand up side by side. I never tired of looking at them. Such perfect skin, both bodies soft and creamy looking. Hips not quite flaring out yet. No body hair, and nipples just poking out an inch from their chests with the promise of lovely future breasts. Tom's breasts would be bigger someday, but Jerry had the wider areolas and the hint of upturned, banana tits.
   I sighed and put the belt around my neck. Then I opened the baby oil and covered my hands with it. Four nipples stood up at the sight of the oil on my hands. They both loved it when I used it with them and they were getting excited at what might happen. Like I said, they both loved me.
   Then I oiled Tom's body down and made sure that she was real slick from neck to knees. Then it was Jerry's turn and their skin seemed to darken slightly with the shine of the glossy oil on their bodies.
   Here's where it was going to get difficult. "I want both of you to turn and face each other and raise your right arms up. To the ceiling, now." Both girls did, but they kept their eyes on me. Neither one wanted to look at the other. I could feel the tension in the room rise again.
   Then I removed the belt from my neck and opened it. Jerry did a slight gasp, but tried to keep it to herself. Tom Felt some kind of internal victory at not having gasped like Jerry and I could feel trouble brewing.
   I snapped the belt in the air. The crack made them both forget their petty differences and I moved in to push their slick bodies together, belly to belly. Tom made a show of pulling her head back in disgust. I growled, "Tom!" and for the moment, neither had the advantage again.
   They were always trying to get the advantage over each other psychologically.
   Then I wrapped the belt around the middle of them both, trapping each left arm in and I cinched it tight.
   "Good. Now you both can lower your arms and put them on each others butt." I told them with my edge voice. It was enough to make them both lightly rest their hands on the others bottom, but the breathing was getting heavier and it was not a good breathing.
   I just trapped two wild cats facing each other, naked and oiled. This could end in disaster. Then again, I was getting pretty excited at the whole thing too.
   I reached in and grabbed Tom's right hand and pushed her middle finger into Jerry's butt crack, then slowly worked it into her clutching anus. Jerry tried her best to lock herself up but the oil prevented her from barring entry to her body. I shoved the finger in as far as it would go.
   Jerry bit her lip, but it was Tom who made that exasperated teenage sound that announced that she was about to raise a fit. I held Tom's eye and growled, "Not a word from you."
   Then I pushed Jerry's finger up into Tom the same way.
   I stood back and admired the scene. Both girls looked ready to blow up. They clearly didn't like being so intimate and close to each other. I spoke to them both. "This is known as detante'. Each of you can feel the other inside your most vulnerable area. If one of you decides to inflict pain on the other, then the other one can do the same in return, or even worse. But neither of you will win."
   Tom had enough and was starting to pull her finger free. I jumped forward and slapped it back in. I was in her face, which was Jerry's too. "If either of you remove your finger from the other, I will give you both a belting like none you've ever felt before. Neither of you will be able to sit down for a month. Is that clear?" The edge in my voice had never been closer. I felt the fear from them.
   "Now, both of you. Put your left fingers on each others clit!" Both girls looked at me as if to beg me not to make them touch each other. My face said it all and I watched them slide their greasy arms around and cup each others vaginal area.
   That was when I grabbed the cling wrap that I had brought from the kitchen and wrapped them both tightly from knees to just below their shoulders. I could see their hands clearly through the transparent plastic. They knew I could too.
   "Now here's what's going to happen. Both of you are to stay this way until you give the other a healthy orgasm. We'll stay this way all night and day, all week if we have to, but both of you are going to make the other cum, and I mean but good." I said and then sat. This was going to be a long night.
   "It's just you two. Your already in each other, might as well make the best of it."
   They stood there for ten minutes, refusing to look at each other. Then Tom said, "Don't wiggle your finger in me."
   "I'm not."
   "Yes you are."
   "I'm trying to get comfortable! OUCH!"
   "Ow! Stop it!"
   "You stop it!"
   I stood up and growled, "Both of you stop it now!!" They both shut up. "Now look. If you want to hurt each other, you can do some real damage and have to go to the hospital. You want that?" They shook their pretty little heads. "I thought not. So your both going to have to let go of this crap."
   I sat and took a breath. "Now both of you close your eyes. Now, you feel each other? You both are touching from your thighs to your chests. And with your hands at each others most sensitive places. You can feel the others body heat, and you can both feel the other touching you too. You have each other in your hands. You have to trust each other now.
   "Feel how good the oil makes your sensitive skin tingle. Both of you. Your both beautiful creatures to see and feel. You can feel the other one breathing, her heart beating near yours. The warmth inside the others body.
   "Now, both of you, gently rub the others clit. Softly. Yes, that's good." Jerry was the first to open her mouth up. I could always make her cum the quickest.
   I stood up and sided up to them. Then I turned Jerry's open mouth to mine and kissed it. She responded well and was wanting when I pulled back. Then I kissed Tom on the mouth. She started to respond also. Both girls kept their eyes shut.
   I alternated kissing and tongueing between them, shorter each time, until their mouths were close to each others. Then I joined them with a kiss to both and had a moment of their tongues on each other. It was beautiful.
   Then they both opened their eyes and pulled back gracelessly. Suddenly, they were writhing against each other, trying to pull free and away. Their wrapped up bodies fell against me and I held them up and yelled, "Stop it!" until they stopped.
   I grabbed Tom by the hair and made her kiss me. She fought for a moment then kissed back. Then I did the same to Jerry. She kissed back right away.
   "You both don't have a problem kissing me. Well each of your spit is on my mouth when you kiss me." I kissed them each again to make my point. They both faltered for a second then kissed back. "You're both kissing the others spit in my mouth."
   "Well, it's different." said Tom.
   "No, it's not. You've both licked each others fluids off of me when I switch between you two. You've both tasted each other already. Why's this different?" Tom made to say something again. I cut her off. "It's not! I want you both to stick your tongues out. All the way. Keep them out!" Then I pushed their mouths together and each tongue went a little into the others mouth. I held them that way for a few minutes until they got a little used to it.
   Then I gently gave my tongue to them as well. They gave in a little to me and I could tell that the love for me was overriding their mutual hatred. I put my hands on their bottoms and pressed them together, making both fingers enter a little deeper into the other.
   With my mouth at theirs, I said, "Now, make love to each other like you would make love to me. Stroke each others clit. We're all family here."
   The girls closed their eyes and I slipped back from them. They continued to kiss each other.
   It was working. Things were going to be different.
   Jerry opened her eyes first and literally spit in Tom's mouth. Tom reacted without thinking and both girls were squirming hard as a chorus of "OW!"s assaulted me.
   It was world war three in there.
   I stepped in when I saw them both trying to remove their fingers from inside each other. I held both bottoms together at their hands and forced them both back in fully. There was scraping and clit pinching and I had to pull both heads back by the hair before they stated biting as well.
   "I'm about to get another belt! Both of you stop it!!" I yelled. The mention of the belt just barely stopped them. I was glad I had them wrapped up tightly.
   "Both of you, close your eyes and take a deep breath." There was only room in there for one breath at a time. They were about to fight again. "Stop! Max, you take a deep breath first. Okay, now you Jerry. Better." I waited until they worked out a rhythm with each other. It wasn't easy to see through the wrap, but the oiled movements inside looked really erotic to me. I was going to make passionate love to both, if they could ever get through this alive.
   "That's much better. Keep your eyes closed. Now, I want you both to rest your chins on each others shoulders, like a hug. Keep breathing, and no scratching or clawing. Are either of you hurt too bad?"
   Both girls said no right after each other. That was a good sign. They sounded much calmer. "Good. Now listen to me." I went into my more seductive voice. The grown man in charge one that always got them in the mood for me. "I love you both completely. That means that there must be something about each of you that's wonderful. Neither of you is trying to con me, right?"
   Both girls said, "No!" together and with alarm.
   "I thought not. So the other of you must not be a bad person, right?" No answer. "Of course not. Your not going to hate each other forever. Soon you'll both see what is great and unique about each other. You're just going through growing pains, that's all." I started to stroke both girls backs. "You both are different in some ways and both are perfect young ladies. The differences are what will help you love each other one day."
   I leaned in to talk above their heads. I was a good couple of feet taller than them. "Now, I want you both to think of something that the other has that you wish you had. Something beautiful and unique." I waited for a moment. They may fight me to say it out loud, but they could easily picture it inside themselves.
   "Jerry." I said, moving in front of her face. "What is it that makes you feel threatened by Tom?" Her eye brows knitted and I could tell she didn't want to give an inch to her co-wife. "Come on. It's just you and me here. What is it that she has that you wish you had?"
   "She's stronger than me." Jerry said. Here eyes stayed shut.
   "How so? Physically, inside?"
   "Everything. I always have to be on my toes when she's around."
   "Good girl. Thank you. I love you." Then I kissed her with all my love. She felt pleased at having pleased me.
   I rounded to the other side of them. "Tom. What does Jerry have that you wish you had?"
   Tom's mouth compressed in that way that girls do when they're trying to be tough. She opened her eyes and I closed them again with my fingers. "It's okay to say. Jerry took a chance and admitted her wish. So what's yours?" I asked gently.
   "Nothing." Tom wasn't going to give. She was afraid of looking weak. That's when I felt Jerry start to jiggle. I looked around and saw her crying.
   "Awe, now that wasn't very nice of you." I said with sadness. "You're holding Jerry's most vulnerable places and then she laid herself open to you willingly, and you were too afraid to do the same. Shame on you." Jerry started to cry openly. She had let Tom get the best of her and felt like she had lost.
   But Tom wasn't feeling very victorious right then. It was a cheap shot and she knew it. She bit her lip and tried to steel herself. "Okay. You want to know what she has that I wish I had? She's beautiful! She's so perfect! I'll never be that beautiful. Okay?"
   Jerry had quieted down and Tom was sulking, waiting for Jerry to cut her back. Jerry didn't say anything, though. Instead, Tom did a sharp intake and I realized that Jerry was stroking her. Then I heard a whisper from Jerry into Tom's ear. "I think you're beautiful too." It wasn't meant for me to hear.
   Then Tom was starting to breath heavily. Jerry was petting her in her vulnerable place and Tom was getting off on it, despite Tom's reluctance.
   I kissed Tom and awakened her passion, then said, "Go ahead, babe. She's loving you for real. Go ahead and love her back. She won't hurt you. I promise."
   Then Jerry gasped slightly. It was happening. They were actually trying to please each other. I started to kiss alternately between one and the other. They were young girls. They loved to kiss.
   But as they became hungrier for more of my kisses, I stepped back and sat down to watch. There they stood, wrapped tightly in see through plastic, naked and oily, and becoming more intimate with each other. Their breathing was synchronized with each other in the limited space they inhabited. They were cheek to cheek and in an embrace of total submission to each other.
   It was beautiful to watch.
   From my chair, I asked, "Do you love me?"
   Both girls said, "Yes." together.
   "Say, 'I love you.'"
   Both girls said together, "I love you."
   "Again."
   "I love you."
   "And again."
   "I love you."
   "Now, look at each other and say it again."
   Their heads pulled back from each others shoulders. They looked at each other with unsureness, but no hostility.
   "Say it."
   Jerry said it first. "I love you."
   Tom didn't wait to say it back to her new lover. "I love you too."
   They held their stare. Jerry looked like she had still been crying, as her eyes were red. Tom then became to brave one and she leaned forward a little and tentatively kissed Jerry closed mouthed. Then she waited to see what would happen.
   Another tear ran down Jerry's cheek and then she smiled. Both girls kissed like before the recent fight and it really looked like they meant it. The tongues came out. Their bodies started to wiggle inside all that wrap too. Then Tom said, "Your wiggling your finger in me."
   Jerry said, "Sorry." but Tom countered with, "No. I like it." They kissed more and I was getting extremely excited.
   I got up again and stood near them, watching. Then I smiled and decide to reward them. I uncapped the bottle of baby oil and poured the whole thing down their chests. They both gasped. It pooled for a moment and then slowly leaked down their bodies to ultimately drip on the bedroom carpet.
   My girls started to pant and I saw them wiggle against each other with renewed vigor. I also saw Tom's finger start to work in and out of Jerry's ass. Jerry was getting a good, oily finger fuck from her.
   I said, "Go on." to Jerry. "Give it to her too."
   Then Tom moaned in Jerry's mouth and the race was on. I was betting with myself who would cum first. Jerry was a little more sexual and erotic than Tom, but Tom was clearly getting off more at that moment.
   It was a dead heat.
   I put my hands on both asses and was beginning to pant myself. My girls had never turned me on more than they were right then. I felt them and the hands moving in and out of each other, then said, "Harder. Both of you, harder."
   The smell of baby oil was overwhelming. Both of my girls had a sheen to their faces from their effort. Then it was Jerry who started to first cum. Tom followed immediately. Both girls broke from each others mouths and began to whimper and cry out. Their shoulders were jerking fast from their hands speedy movements.
   Then Jerry's legs gave out and the pillar of girls collapsed on me, knocking us all over onto the floor. I laid under them with their hair in my face as they started to wind down their strokes. The bodies were still wiggling uncontrollably and I hugged their bound forms to me with great love and lust.
   Then they both seemed to tire out at the same time.
   I was horny beyond belief. I said, "Would you like to get out now?" My voice hinted at my want for them. That's when the answer surprised me.
   "No." said Tom. "We just want to stay like this for a while."
   I looked at them both. Jerry's eyes were looking deep into Tom's and they were sparkling.

   <END>