i friends I am raj[madhuraj123vk@yahoo.com] from kerala, this is my experience with a ****** lady, who don't know anything about sex. Her name is Naffia from a rich family of Malabar, Kerala. She born in a family where strict rules for ladies .she got only education around 6th std and she is now allowed to go out after that. Ladies have to follow strict ****** rules such as wearing parda and not coming in front of men etc.her married life was a failure as she believe in god more than enough. Now she is 32 years old living in her house with mother father and brother. Her brother Muneer told me about her all these. He is my friend and medical student at trivandrum.as their parents went to Mecca, Naffia came to Muneer's flat for a month. She was a head ache for him; he tried to change her by consulting a doctor, but no change. He discussed me with this problem and asked me help him.

I agreed, and went his flat to meet her. I am telling u, she was a beauty....but she did not talk anything. I became a usual visitor there, I asked her several questions and with hesitation she answered me. After one week we became some what close. Also Muneer told her that I am just like him and don't hesitate to talk to me. So I got full freedom there. I took in charge. I tried to help her for cooking and get things from market. I called to go out, but she was not interested.

She was a head ache to Muneer because she always in demand of something as she don't want to go outside. So he used to go to hostel leaving her alone in the flat and some times called me to take care of her. But I used to help her for anything and she was happy with me. One day she asked me for some books. I intentionally include some medical books which explaining human body structure with nude pics. Next day she told me she don't want that book.i explained her that it is necessary to study about our body and as she did not get any formal education, it may help her. I took one sexy film and requested her to watch it. When sex seen came she went out. I asked her what happened. She told me that she don't like such seens, I asked why. She told me that seens [sex seen] were not good in which men want to trouble women. I told her they are having sex for enjoyment and it is necessary to produce children. At last she agreed to see the film alone at night. Next day she told me that film was good. I found that she got a lot of doubts in her mind by seeing her face. So I collected some more books about sex and some blue and sexy films and gave to her. She was very happy. Also she enjoyed the freedom which was not available to her at her home.
She thought that I am also a medical student, so she told me one day that she have some problem. When she used to see the sex films some liquid coming out from her cunt, first she thought it was urine, but by smell she know it is something else. When she got up in the morning her panty will be wet. She thought it is a disease. But I know that it is her cunt juice coming out when she become horny by seeing those movies.
I told to consult a doctor, but she afraid. She request me to find some remedy. I told her for that I have to make a check up on her. I know that this is my chance.

I told her to remove the cloths to check up. But she did not agree. Last she agreed to do the check up at night. At night she became ready for check up. She off all lights and lay on bed. I sat near her, and slowly lift her parda from her feet to waist. She was wearing some petticoat under it. As it was darkness I was not able to see anything clearly. I told her to remove petticoat also. She removed and I helped her to remove it through legs. I touched her bare legs. They were smooth. I do some massage on her thighs. And then my hands reached her problem space, her pussy.when I touched it she got shocked and closed legs tightly. I asked her to wide her legs. Really it was a forest. I found only curls of thick hair and it took time to reach her cunt lips through that forest. I slowly massaged her cunt lips. I know that electric pulses passed through her body as she again closed her thighs tightly on my hand between her thighs. This time I shouted to separate her legs. With one hand I hold her thighs apart and my fingers soon reached inside her cunt lips. I fingered on her cunt.it became hard suddenly .she her vagina started to flow her juices. She started moan softly. I slowly inserted my finger in to her vagina.it was totally wet and finger moved smoothly. Her breath became fast and moans became louder. Then the phone rang. I stopped and went out and took the phone. It was Muneer, he told me he is not coming there that night. I became gladder. She also came out. She was shy and her face was wet with sweat. I told her it is a simple problem and it need to get massaged for some days and have to apply some medicine on that part. I went out and buy some massage oil and some vitamin tablets. I came back and told her we can start the treatment. My treatment started. I found that her pussy was full of juices. In the room it was darkness, so I can't see her beautiful pussy.i took some oil and applied on her pussy and started my finger play. Soon she became horny.iinserted my two fingers inside her vagina and moved in and out. She became wild as my movement became fsat.soon she reached her climax. Her cunt juices spread all over my palm. I could hear she is breathing heavily. I gave her two minutes to relax and I started my job again. As my fingers moved fast and my index fingered tickled her cunt .she became mad and sometime she closed her thighs and tried to crush my fingers. I separated her legs and sat between her legs. As my right hand busy inside her pussy I moved my left hand to her stomach. I reached her naval. I gave a good stimulation on her naval. She started to give out words as ahhhhh, ente rubbee, entha ethu ahhhhhhhhhhh mathiiiiiiiiiiiiii etc.she tried to hold my hands and she was shivering. Again she reached her climax. But I know that she have the capacity to do it one more. I started again. This time I decided to include my tongue .so I bent down and licked her cunt .it gave her full stimulation. I did not use my lips .this time she was reached at a sate in which no words came out from her mouth. Only loud moans. She soon reached another climax. This time she raised her whole body up and screamed loudly .I decided to stop .but I massaged her more on her naval and thighs. After five minutes also she did not speak any word. Only the sound of heavy breath. So I went up and switch on the lights. Wow it was a great seen. I saw a beautiful lady on bed with her great black pussy opened. But soon she pulled down her parda to cover her pussy.but her thighs still wet with her juices. With towel I removed the sweat from her face. I told her to take a bath and relax. I know that I can reach her only step by step, so I did not try to do anything more that night.


Next day I was busy with my work, but afternoon she called me and told that she was not able to control the problem, I told she need a treatment of around one week which includes massaging and application of medicine on her problem part. I went to her flat with some oil and some jelly used for lubrication and some vitamin tablets. I told her that I have to finish my treatment now because I have no free time at night. She was little bit uncomfortable to do it now because she doesn't want to show her body to me. But I forced her and told her that I will do it with out removing her dress. She agreed. I told her to remove her panty .she went to bath room and came back. She lay on the bed. I lift her parda unto waist. She was wearing saree .I started unfolding her saree.under that she was having a petticoat. I untied it and not removed it. I entered my hand into the petticoat and reach her problem centre; her pussy.i started my finger play. She was getting hot. Used more freedom and with my left hand I massaged her boobs. My fingers were moving fast her petticoat went down automatically and her pussy exposed to me. Wow her juices were flowing through her cunt hairs. I bent down and kissed her naval. With my play she reached two orgasms continuously. She was shivering. I went out, I was fully hard. I know that I can't stand more. I went back to my work.

Next day also she called me to help her. I was busy. I told her I can't. She cried through phone .I told her I will reach her flat at 8 O clock. I went to her home and by the way I bought condoms. I am sure that if I did not fuck her today, I will get mad. As usual I started my work. She was enjoying my treatment. She soon reached her first climax. I know that this is the time. I took out my hard cock.quickly I put the condo on my hard tool. I started with my finger play and I bent down and started licking her cunt.she was flying to reach another orgasm. I moved forward. My hot tool touched her cunt.i rubbed her cunt with my cock tip. I know that she was in another world and I was confident to do what ever I want between her legs. I lift her left leg to get freedom. I slowly pushed my tool in to her vagina.she moaned softly. Her vagina was fully wet with her juice and soon I able to enter my tool fully in to her vagina.i felt my cock was floating in her juices inside her wet vagina.hoooo, that was great. I started my slow movement. I was getting so much pleasure inside her juicy cunt.i moved my hand forward and couped her boobs.i was getting mad. I put my both hands under her buttocks and gave support to my thrusts. With my fast movement she reached her climax and pushed her whole body towards me. Her cunt became tight and walls of vagina pressed my dick in order to take out my cum.with no time I shot my load out.ohhhhh that was fantastic.
Will continue in the next pa