Taking Off Her Panties
by Purplegravy

It was a breezy Spring morning, a 28-year old woman Carrie woke from her bed, ready for her blind date. The clothes she wore didn't seem your average everyday wear but it was for the flirtatious Carrie when she was meeting someone for a quick date with someone she hasn't met yet.

After her morning shower she put on her lingerie that consisted of thigh high sheer black stockings with a dark purple suspenders belt complete with a white thong with purple lacing and a cute little purple bow at the front. She put on her panties over her suspenders and then put on her favourite purple leather knee-high boots that many men dreamed of getting stepped on while she wore them, her secret date would love them. She had on also a bra with the same colours has her panties. White with purple lace and a bow at the front.

Carrie put on her favourite blouse and skirt. A purple blouse that she frequently admits shows off a bit too much of her cleavage and a black mini-skirt that showed off her whole legs, her stockings top were fully visible and you could even see the straps of her suspenders. The skirt was tight enough to not cause any major wardrobe malfunctions but loose enough so passers-by can admire her thighs.

But this was not for the pleasure for anyone in particular, but for the pleasure for herself. If this pleases her date, that would be a bonus.

When Carrie opened the door to her flat the wind blew through her beautiful black hair. She went to a stroll in the local park near the coffee shop they agreed to meet to appreciate the weather... and herself.

As soon as Carrie entered the park she realised that she made a big mistake, not bringing a hair tie to tie her hair in a ponytail. The wind has picked up a lot and made her hair out of control constantly blowing in her face.

She needed something to substitute at a hair tie, something soft... something elastic... Carrie then looked down to her waist.

Carrie realised what she can use, but she needed to find somewhere hidden. She ran towards a group of trees and bushes and once she got there, she couldn't believe what she was going to do.

She pulled up her skirt just ever so slightly and grasped the sides of her panties with both of her delicate hands. She sighed in disbelief and pulled them down past her garter straps to her knees before quickly pulling her skirt back down to cover her private parts up, and let her underwear drop all the way down to the floor. She stepped out of them and picked up the discarded undergarment.

The panties still looked clean, surely no one wouldn't just think of them as nothing more as a lacy scrunchie. She put her hair through one of the leg holes and used the other half of the underwear to tie the hair in place and tah dah! Her hair was properly in place in a cute little ponytail.

Now then, a new problem emerged... Carrie realised she was out in public in a short

skirt without any panties on. Instantly, she felt the wind caress up her skirt, almost like the air itself was penetrating her vagina.

But, if she was being honest to herself, she kinda liked it. This wasn't Carrie's first time in the not wearing any panties rodeo but usually she'd wear jeans or a longer skirt if she was going commando. The fact that her skirt is so short yet tight enough that her pussy was so easy to expose yet, people passing by probably didn't know any better. She just carried on her stroll as if nothing ever happened.

She couldn't help but to have a somewhat perverse smile on her face but that all ended when she saw her secret date. He wasn't a super attractive person, and they agreed that this wasn't supposed to lead to anything, just a quick flick with the possible potential for something more.

The wind settled and suddenly Carrie realised that she still had her panties in her hair when they met. He didn't remark anything about it so far, but she didn't want to risk it.

When they sat down at the table she told her date to excuse herself to the restroom before ordering. When she did she went to the stalls and took the thong out of her hair and put them back on. She made sure they weren't inside out or back to front. It was like she never took them off in the first place. A small part of her felt disappointed that she lost the amazing feeling of not wearing any panties and a part of her felt like it could be a hot surprise for her date. But she didn't want to risk any embarrassing situations.

She sat back with her date and order just some coffee. While they were waiting for the drinks to arrive, they were just having some small talk and her date said.

"So before you went to the toilets you had your hair in a ponytail and when you got out it's now all loose, did you do your hair in the toilets?"

With a faint reddish blush on her face, Carrie responded. "Yeah I only had it tied when it was really windy earlier, I did a lot to make this hair the way it is and I didn't want to ruin it haha" her date responded with a slight giggle and then their order has arrived.

Once the both of them have finished their drinks they left the cafe and starting walking across the street together. Luckily, the terrible wind was gone so Carrie didn't have to remove her panties again... or at least she thought that until her date mentioned something...

"Alright, so when you had your hair tied back, you were totally using a pair of underwear as a hair tie weren't ya?"

Carrie stopped, she got all red again and said "was it really that obvious?"

He responded "of course, you could see all the lace, a bow that was in a random spot, the tag was sticking out. I didn't mention it because it was in a public place, what kind of crazy stunt were you doing?"

Carrie looked even more embarrassed and just giggled to herself. "I uhhh... mentioned how the wind was messing up my hair and I uhhh... didn't have any bobble to tie my hair, so I uhhh... took off my panties and used them as a hair tie."

"Wow" her date responded. "That's an amazing story" he started laughing "and what happened to those panties? Are you still wearing them?"

Carrie quickly pulled up her skirt revealing them intact along with her whole garter belt. "When I went to the restroom I put them back on silly." She replied.

"Those are some sexy ass panties." he responded. Carrie who had a great idea to get rid of the panties to go back to that breezy feeling as she noticed the wind start to pick back up.

"Do you want to keep them? as a special gift of this amazing day?" She teasingly responded.

Her date excitedly responded with a "hell yeah!" Salivating.

"Okay but I'm gonna have to hide somewhere." She responded with a wink. She slowly walked behind a dumpster in the alleyway. She pulled up her skirt and hooked the waistband of both sides of the panties with her fingers and slowly slid them down her legs, past her knees and lifted her legs out of the leg holes with one of them getting caught on the heels of her boot. She tugged hard and the panties snapped into her hands. She readjusted her skirt and slowly walked back to her excited date with her panties in her hand.

She stretched them across the front of her body with her thumbs in the leg holes, so he could see all the details of her underwear. The white lace thong with purple trim and a tiny ribbon bow at the front.

"So? You want them?" She questioned.

"Yes"

"You want one of my favourite pairs of panties that I have been wearing for 3 years now?"

"YES!" He responded in a more enthusiastic tone.

"Well, can't deprave a man what he truly wants." She then stretched her panties directly at him and flicked towards him. He caught them instantly. "I am sure to treasure this day, thank you for the great time, I am sure that we meet again" He said now holding Carrie's used panties in his hand.

And with that, they both said goodbye and went their separate ways. Carrie blew him a kiss goodbye.

As the sun sets, the now pantyless Carrie returned to her flat after an exciting day.

While she stated that the panties that she sacrificed to please her date was one of her favourite, she wouldn't miss them too much as she had multiple similar pairs of the same underwear.

The next day, Carrie wore a similar outfit she wore the previous day with a omission. On her bed a pair of white panties with purple trim was laid out, similar to one she gave away. Lying on her bed intended to be worn. But not today.
