Hannah Punishes Her Little Brother, Her Naked Little Brother
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

Chapter 1

Hannah is 18 and has been tasked with looking after her little brother Ryan for five days while their parents take a break at a cabin in the mountains to celebrate their twentieth wedding anniversary.

Hannah is 5’6” tall, weighs about 110 lbs and has straight blond hair that is well below shoulder length. Her breasts are smallish (34C) and perfect, with medium sized areolae and nipples which, when erect, are simply outstanding, in every sense of the word. She also has an ass to die for: plump and firm and luscious.

She has green eyes, a lovely oval face with cupid bow lips that often show her front teeth. In short Hannah is tiny and gorgeous, and she knows it. She loves flaunting her beautiful body and generally wears clothes selected specifically to show it off.

She is a member of the college cheerleading squad and, because of her size, she is normally the one who gets thrown about. She actually gets a bit sexually aroused when flashing her panties under her little rah-rah skirt. During a routine they often ride up into her ass crack and, knowing everyone can see her pretty much naked ass cheeks gives her even more of a thrill. The thought of all the boners of the men watching her, and their desire to touch themselves, while looking at her, makes her actually wet at times.

While masturbating she sometimes imagines doing her routine with no panties on and the idea makes her tremble.

Ryan is 15, with short unruly sandy hair, pretty much the same height and weight as his sister but distributed very differently. He is slim, just starting to develop some chest muscles, with boyish good looks, and has fairly recently realised that both girls and wanking can be a lot of fun.

Their parents left very early in the morning to beat the worst of the traffic. She is in the shower when she sees, in the mirror, the bathroom door start to open. She has her back to the door, and continues to wash herself and watch the door.

It opens a bit more and she can see Ryan in the gap, he is staring at her ass and his hand is at his groin. That little pervert! she thinks, but her pussy is not so annoyed and she feels a little tingle down there.

OK, she thinks, lets give him a little show, see what he does. She moves her hands behind her back and rubs the soap over her buttocks.

Ryan opens the door a bit more, and steps into the bathroom a little way; the hand on his crotch is moving more urgently.

A plan is forming in her mind, she wants him to see her naked and she wants to see him nude too...

She gets some more shower gel and lathers up her front then she turns around quickly. She looks Ryan right in the face and his expression turns to shock.

“What are you doing, you little pervert!” she cries, and Ryan flees the room.

“Come back here you little shit!” She shuts off the shower, opens the shower door, and chases him to his bedroom.

As she enters the room Ryan is standing by his bed looking at her, a mixture of guilt and wonder on his face. He gazes at his sister’s body covered only by some suds. She is extremeley turned on by exposing her naked body to her little brother like this.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it. I wasn’t...” he splutters.

“You little sod! creeping around! letching at me! jerking off at me!” she punctuates these accusations with a jabbing finger, which also causes her breasts to jiggle nicely. Ryan’s eyes are out on stalks.

“You wait ‘till I tell Mom what you’ve been up to!”

“No, No. Please don’t tell. She’d kill me!”

The suds are dissipating rapidly and she can see he has a bulge in his shorts. Her pussy is decidedly moist now and her nipples are sticking out, they’re almost as big as the end of her little finger. She has a way to punish him and see what’s under those shorts.

“Right you bastard!. You think it’s clever to peek at me with no clothes on. Let’s see how you like it. Get those clothes off!”

Ryan stares at her, a pleading, puppy dog expression on his face.

“I mean it. Get your clothes off or I’m telling Mom”

Ryan strips off his T-shirt and shorts and is standing in his tighty whities with a very interesting looking bulge.

“And those. Come on!”

Ryans pushes his briefs down to his ankles and stands up with his hands covering his groin. She walks around him to see his ass. It is so cute. Tiny white firm buttocks with lovely dimples. Her vagina is really quite wet now and she licks her lips. She walks back to stand in front of him.

All the foam is gone now and he can see her lovely body in all it’s glory. His eyes don’t know where to look, and she can see them shifting from her tits to her pussy over and over. His hands are moving slightly on his groin.

“Hands on your head” she orders. He does as she says.

His penis is fully erect. It is about five inches long and it looks as if she could reach around it with her thumb and index finger. That thought makes her whole body shiver. He has sparse pubes about the same colour as his head. The foreskin is not covering the glans and the whole thing quivers and throbs as she admires it.

She realises she is going to have to walk away before she does something she will regret.

“You can stay like that for the rest of the day, you little pervert.” she says and hurries back to the shower.

She knows that it is very unlikely to be a problem with him being naked, The house they live in a quite large and neither it nor the garden are overlooked.

She gets in the shower and turns it back on. She stands under the flow and she is trembling.

Her need to have her pussy filled and her clit touched has been driving her crazy while she was with Ryan and at last she can attend to them.

She runs two fingers up and down her inner lips while the other hand seeks out her clit; it is already quite hard and she caresses it gently. God she needs this, she knows it’s not going to take long.

She slides two fingers deep into her vagina and the finger on her clit rubs a bit harder. She plunges her fingers in and out of herself as deep as she can and rubs he clit harder and harder. She cums, the release is exquisite and her legs shake and threaten to give way, she has to lean against the shower wall to stop herself falling over.

Later, when selecting her outfit she is considering what will work best. She wants to torment him but not to let him see too much. She decides on a pair of white leggings with a white thong, and a white, partially transparent, singlet with a black half bra under it.

She checks in the mirror and it’s just right, he’ll be able to see the shape of her ass clearly with hints of her pussy, and the bra will highlight the bits it doesn’t cover. Perfect.

She goes downstairs and finds Ryan still sitting at the breakfast table still naked, his cock small and shrivelled and actually, she thinks, still quite lovely.

She moves around the kitchen, getting herself some cereal and, when she goes to the table to eat it, she can see he is now erect; this is going to be a fun day!

Her parents have given her a list of jobs that they want done while they are away and one of those is to keep the house clean. It doesn’t need doing yet but he doesn’t know that and it will keep him busy.

“I want you to vacuum the house. OK?”

“I suppose” he replies sullenly and walks out of the kitchen, his cock bobbing ahead of him and his rock hard buttocks following on; her pussy clenches in response.

“And no touching that thing. If I catch you wanking the deals off!” she calls after him.

She gives him forty five minutes then goes to see how he is getting on. She finds him vacuuming the lounge, his cock is flaccid, let’s see what we can do about that she thinks.

She walks around the room, bending over to pick up imaginary bits of fluff showing off her ass, or bending down in front of him, displaying her cleavage. Sure enough his cock is standing to attention in no time. She keeps this up for a while, stealing glances at his erection and buttocks. Just as well I put the panties on, she thinks, otherwise the crotch of my leggings would probably be wet.

When she can see a bit of pre-cum leaking from his cock she thinks she has done her work well.

“Not too bad, I suppose. Keep it up and don’t forget no touching that!” she points to his penis. He grunts.

She leaves him to it for an hour next time, and finds he has moved upstairs into her bedroom, but she cannot hear the vacuum. She creeps up and peeks through the door; he is picking up crap off the floor, cock flaccid.

She moves quietly away then comes back, exaggeratedly clomping her feet. She stops at the doorway and from there she can see he is half erect. She was right, just the thought that she is coming has made him excited. Maybe Pavlov was on to something.

She makes a big play of checking his work getting him, and herself, all worked up again, then says.

“Finish up in here, then come down for some lunch. I’ll make you a sandwich”

“OK”

As she walks out she sees a drop of pre-cum fall from the end of his cock. I wonder if his balls will actually explode, she thinks.

Later, as she gives him his sandwich, she sees that his erection has subsided somewhat.

“So this afternoon I want you to mow the back lawn” she says, watching his penis, it is not impressed. “I’m going to do some sunbathing”. It perks up, she smiles and goes upstairs to change. She puts on a black bikini, fetches some factor 15 from the bathroom, and goes out to the patio.

She is just settling down on the sun-lounger when Ryan appears, still chewing a mouthful of sandwich. When he sees her in her bikini his prick rapidly rises to the occasion. She loves the way she can instantly tell his state of arousal, life would be so much easier if all men were naked she thinks, and then immediately changes her mind, oh God no, not all men!

“You’d better put some of this on.” she says to him. “I don’t know how I wouuld explain sunburn on your little penis to Mom.”

She hands him the bottle and watches as he rubs the lotion onto his arms, shoulders, chest and legs. He looks at her questioningly.

“It’s OK. you can touch it for this” she says, her voice coming out a bit husky.

“But more than three strokes counts as wanking!” she warns.

She watches as he rubs the lotion all over his cock and balls, the tight skin of his glans shines in the sun, she clenches her thighs together tightly.

“Give it here,” she says, “I’ll do your back.” She squeezes some lotion onto her hands, and he turns around. His lovely little bottom cheeks call out to her but she starts with his back, rubbing it in thoroughly.

She desperately wants to knead it into his ass but she restrains herself, and gives him the bottle back, her hand shaking as she does.

“You can reach the rest.” He starts to turn around. “No, stay like that” He oils up his legs and then moves to his ass cheeks. Her mouth has gone dry, and there is a pulsing in her vagina as she watches him massage his own butt. She lies down on her front on the lounger.

“Can can do my back for me, please?” The feeling of his hands on her back is so nice. “And the backs of my legs”. He starts at her ankles and works his way up. When he reaches her inner thighs she is so close to losing control she has to stop him.

“I’ll take it from there, thanks.” She sits up and takes the bottle from him. He is standing about two feet away and his cock is almost level with her face. It is as hard as she has ever seen it, and pre-cum is leaking from it; it looks good enough to eat, she thinks, oh God. The urge to lean forward and take it in her mouth is almost overwhelming, but she restrains herself again.

She lies face down on the bed, her pussy pushed into it as hard as she can manage, putting pressure on her clit. She is actually shaking.

“Go and get the lawn done now Ryan, there’s a good boy”

She lies there with her head on one side, watching Ryan mow the lawn. There is nothing dignified in the look of a man walking with an erection, she thinks, but Ryan still manages to look cute.

She spreads the oil on her upper legs up over her ass. When she get to the top of her inner thighs she can’t resist stroking a finger along her outer lips a few times. I’m going to give you such a seeing to later on, she tells it.

Not wanting tan lines, she reaches behind her back, undoes the clasp, and drops the bikini top on the patio. She can see Ryan watching her and raises herself up a bit to let him see a bit of side boob; the stripe he’s doing gets noticeably wonky, she smiles and lays down again.

She lays there grinding her pussy into the sunbed in tiny circles and rubbing her nipples against the fabric. She checks from time to time and sees that he is stiil fully erect and making a rubbish job of the lawn near her; he hasn’t touched the area further away at all, funny that.

After about half an hour she turns over, picks up the lotion and rubs it into her legs, teasing herself, her nipples are crying out for attention. Finally she rubs the lotion onto her breasts, caressing them and rubbing over her hypersensitive nipples. She can see that Ryan has switched off the mower and is just standing there watching her.

She continues playing with her boobs as Ryan walks towards her, a look of abject misery on his little face. He stops at the end of the sunbed, his cock is hard and red and glistening from the oil and pre-cum.

“I can’t take it any more Hannah, I’m going to have to go and play with myself. I don’t even care if you tell Mom” and with that her starts to walk away.

“Wait Ryan, come back!” She swivels round and sits up, then pats the bed beside her. He sits down next to her and she slides up to him, putting her arm around his shoulders, and stroking his arm with her other hand. Her breast is resting against his upper arm.

“It’s OK, I won’t tell Mom. You can beat off now if you want.” Ryan starts to stand up but she holds him down.

“No, no. I want you to do it here.” She is looking at his face as she says this and it is a picture. It had started off as relief, changed to shock first, then suprise then a wide beautiful smile.

“Go on then!” she says nodding downwards.

He grasps his cock, the fingers just below the head and starts to stroke up and down. She can feel his head turn to look at the breast touching his arm, and she moves her hand from his arm to her nipple, rubbing it between her fingers and dragging her nails across it.

In a few short strokes he cums. She can feel the spasms run through his whole body and he thrusts his hips upwards. The pressure that has been boiling up all morning in his baby balls is released. The first blast hits her under the chin, the second lands on her breast and the back of her hand.

“That’s a good boy. Is that better?” she asks softly, rubbing his cum into her breast and nipple as the spurts subside, while still rubbing his shoulder gently. He is shaking, she thinks he might even be crying, and a huge wave of affection comes over her. She cuddles him fiercely until he gets himself back under control.

“Go and get yourself cleaned up, then finish the mowing,” she says “I’m going for a little lie down. And no more playing with that thing until I tell you!”


Chapter 2

She goes upstairs. She has felt an intense need to be filled in her vagina almost all day, and she has an idea on how to best do that. She has gathered, from chats with girlfriends, that most sexually active women have a vibrator stashed somewhere, and she intends to find her Mother’s.

She starts with the bedside cabinets, nothing, then their bathroom. She checks everywhere including in a box of tampons, no luck. Then she tries in her mother’s closet. She picks up shoeboxes and rattles them, one by one, until she finds one that doesn’t feel right.

She opens it and, under some scrunched up shoe padding she finds it, bingo! It is soft pink plastic and the end is shaped like a penis. About half way up is a bit that sticks out that she thinks must be for the clit. Perfect.

She goes to put the box back, but it still doesn’t feel empty. She searches it again and finds another, smaller, device. Again it has a soft silicone shaft but it has a curved handle that would fit in your palm. See looks at it for a few seconds, then twigs: it is an anal vibrator - Mom, you Old Dog!

She thinks about all this a bit more; the fact that these are hidden probably means that Dad doesn’t know about them, interesting. The fact that Mom likes anal, equally probably, means that her and Dad ... An image pops into her head of her Mom, naked, on her hands and knees, with Dad driving his cock into her ass from behind. She shivers from a strange mixture of revulsion and arousal, and puts the anal vibrator back; that’s not what she needs right now.

Hannah’s Mom is 38, a darker blond than Hannah, and in very good shape for her age, with just a little bit too much tummy and a fashionably big ass. About two months ago she went to stay with her sister for a week. When she came back she started wearing baggy, unflattering tops, which was very unlike her. When she switched back to her more normal, somewhat revealing clothes, it was obvious to Hannah that she has had implants. Hannah guessed she had gone from a C to a D, at least, and they were firm as hell. Hannah and her Mom had never talked about this, but, secretly, Hannah would love to see them in the flesh.

She walks over to the window of her parent’s bedroom, which overlooks the back garden. As she does so she sniffs the vibrator. She has no idea why she did that, fortunately it smells of nothing, but she is not sure what she was expecting ... or hoping for...? God, she thinks, I’m turning into a right perv!

At the window she watches Ryan mowing the lawn, his penis erect again. At first she feels a bit disappointed; he is hard without her being there for him to look at. Then realises he is, almost certainly, thinking about her, and she is happy again.

She pulls her bikini bottoms to one side and rubs the head of the vibrator gently up and down her outer lips; now she has the end in sight she can afford to take her time. She is really very wet and it feels just gorgeous.

She stands there for maybe five minutes teasing herself when she realises that Ryan has not touched his cock once. He must think he is alone, but he is restraining himself, just because she asked him not to touch it. She feels a huge rush of affection for him, which goes straight to her groin; she pushes the vibrator into herself with one single, slow stroke, as she does so she lets out a huge sigh of relief.

The pokey out bit touches her clit over it’s hood. She transfers some pussy juice from lower down onto the end of it and starts to tease her clit out of its hidey hole. That feels so good, she thinks, you chose well Mom. God, she must stop thinking about her Mom!

She watches Ryan, driving the vibrator in and out of her vagina, stopping at the deepest point each time to torment her clit. Her legs are trembling so much that she knows they will give out when she cums, but she doesn’t care. The release, when it comes is nothing short of explosive. Her muscles clamp down on the vibrator over and over, and she holds it tight against herself when the sensitivity is too much for her.

She was right, she collapses in a heap on the carpet and lies there basking in the aftershocks for, she doesn’t know how long. She didn’t even turn the thing on! Jesus, what will that be like!

She comes out of it when she hears Ryan’s footsteps comming up the stairs. She jumps up, covers her pussy, and throws the vibrator under her parent’s bed.

“I’ve finished the lawn.” he says brightly. He is grinning and looking at her tits; his hard-on as keen as ever. She sees that his face is flushed and he has freckles, when did he get freckles, she thinks. She finds freckles very cute.

“What do you want me to do now?”

She thinks back to her list. “Weed the flower beds please. If you’re not sure if it’s a weed or not, then leave it.”

He trots off happily and, amazingly, his ass cheeks walking away from her still give her a little thrill.

She takes a shower and, when she gets out, she sees that she missed a call from Georgie, her on and off boyfriend for the last eight months. She only then realises that she hasn’t thought about him once since the incident in the shower.

They have a lot of fun together, and as much sex as they can manage with neither having their own place. What he lacks in technique he makes up for in staying power and stamina, well almost, she thinks.

He regularly gets her off in the end, but she is often left wanting more. She did try to suggest a way he could make it better for her, but he got all hurt and angry, so she didn’t try again.

She thinks that she should probably ring him back, but not now.

She dresses in a red and white striped T-shirt and a short, white skirt then goes to her fathers office.

One of the other jobs on her parents list is to help Ryan with any schoolwork he is having troubles with. She was going to ask him what he needed, but she has made an executive decision: she believes that he needs help with Biology, specifically human anatomy.

Her parents have a net nanny system on the internet connection and what she wants to look up may be pinged.

She goes to her Father’s computer, checks the password on the post-it stuck to the bottom of the drawer; it’s still the same. She logs in and Googles the correct terms for the male genital area.

While she is there she checks to see what her Dad has been looking at. He never seems to clear his browser history, idiot.

Last time she looked, it was mostly lesbian and spanking, now it’s all ‘Father and Daughter’. She looks at snippets of several of the videos, and all of the daughters are blond. Fucking hell, she thinks, is he jacking off fantasizing about fucking me? She has caught him looking at her, when he thinks he can get away with it, but then she catches just about all men doing the same.

She’s about to shut down when she has an idea. She logs into her own Amazon account and looks up vibrators like her Mom’s. She finds the same model on next day delivery and orders it. She really did like it a lot.

Right, she thinks, back to work. She goes down to the patio and lies on the sun-lounger. Ryan is still weeding and, horror of horrors, he hasn’t got an erection.

“Have you topped up your suntan lotion recently?” she asks him. He looks up, sees her, and his little penis bobs endearingly. He comes over and they go through the same routine as before at the end of which he is shiny and proud. Job well done, she thinks.

She lies on the lounger watching him, while flashing her panties at him every now and again. Her pussy is buzzing along nicely now and she is really enjoying the views of his ass as he bends over pulling weeds.

“Don’t forget these tubs on the patio”. He comes over and starts with the one nearest her. Exactly as she hoped, as he bends down she can see his darling little asshole, she clamps her thighs together tightly, thinking about the vibrator under the bed. She knows it would be grossly unfair of her to do that, when she won’t let him, so she just sits there, enjoying the views, for quite some time.

“You go and get a shower and I’ll ring for a pizza. Don’t wash it too hard”

She does just that and then takes a shower in her parent’s bathroom. When the pizza arrives she has to restrain Ryan from answering the door, all clean and naked. Dozy boy.

They eat the pizzas on their laps in front of the TV, she can’t help giggling at Ryan trying to manage that with his hard-on. When they are finished she puts on the first episode of Euphoria.

Her girlfriends and, even some boys, have been raving about it, but she hasn’t dared to watch it while her parents were around.

To start with is is a bit heavy, lots of drugs, and she can see from his flaccid penis that Ryan isn’t very impressed. It perks up when Jules is riding her bike in a very short skirt. She knows that Jules is transsexual from the talk at school, but it certainly isn’t obvious in this scene; she is really hot. Later some jocks knock her off the bike and she can see Ryan doesn’t like that, even though there is flash of panties and lots of leg.

She is quite impressed, she could think of a lot of guys who would get off on it anyway, probably including Georgie.

She begins to wonder how she could get potential boyfriends to agree to watch the show with their dicks out, it would be a good way to weed out the shits.

It is really very amusing and enlightening watching his cock rise and fall: Tits - up, Rue on loo - up lots, Jules in bra and panties - might burst.

“I hate to break it to you, but Jules is a transsexual, she’s a he(ish).” she tells him. “Well she would probably say she is a girl in the wrong body.”

“You mean she’s got a willy?” he asks, his eyes still glued to the screen, his penis still hard, come to that so is her little clit. She doesn’t like ‘willy’, he definitely needs to learn some new words.

“Yes. Lovely though, isn’t she?” she replies. He doesn’t answer, but his opinion is staring her in the face.

The penile judgement goes on: Rough sex - down, violence - down, Jules fucked brutally in the ass by an old man - where has it gone, Jules and Rue in bed at the end - coo! rock hard and leaking a bit, it gets the vote from the vagina too actually!

She can’t argue with his reactions to any of that, her opinion of him rises further.

“Right, lessons time!” She says, standing up. Penis - down. She laughs, this is never going to get old.

She pushes him in the chest so that he sits back against the sofa and grabs his knees to spread his legs. Not happy she pulls him forward a bit. OK she can now see all the relevant bits.

“Today’s lesson is the male anatomy, at least the interesting bits. With a bit of Sex-Ed thrown in”. Penis - up.

“This, obviously, is your asshole.” She points. “It’s proper name is the anus and the tube inside is called the rectum. In sexual terms, a lot of people, myself included, find touching, or fingering, the anus to be very nice. As we have just seen a man can fuck the anus and, contrary to what he did to Jules, that also can be very nice. Penis - very much up.

“Stop me if you know all this.” He shakes his head violently from side to side.

“Also inside your rectum is your prostate, which makes the fluid in your cum, which we will come to later. I wouldn’t know, but apparently fingering the prostate can be pretty amazing”

“These “ she says pointing to his balls, “are your testicles or testes. They make the sperms which, together with the fluid from your prostate, make up your semen, or cum. The sperms are the little guys which fertilize the egg.”

“I hope you’re paying attention,” she says, “there will be a test later”

“The testes are in a little sack called the scrotum which, as you know, feels pretty good when stroked.”

“This is your penis, or cock or dick, well the list goes on almost forever, but definitely not willy - you are not twelve.”

“Finally this is properly known as the glans.” She points to his knob. As she does so it twitches and her fingernail touches it. It twitches a lot more.

The deal that she made with herself is: no touching or, more accurately, no sexual touching. She has crossed that line. But, she thinks, it’s only my nail, I can’t feel anything. If I touched it with a stick that would basically be the same, except very weird.

“This is the urethra.” Touching the hole in the end with her nail, her hand is shaking.

“Oh, and not to forget the nipples,” she grazes his already hard, little nipples, “often overlooked in men.”

“OK,” she says, “testing time. Name that bit”. Her voice is breaking up badly and she is very moist at the prospect of what she is about to do, her whole body is vibrating slightly. She touches the centre of his anus with her fingernail, running it gently over the ridges.

He tries to speak but nothing comes out. His cock is rock hard.

“Sorry?” she asks.

“Anus”

“Very good”

She strokes his ball sack with the tips of all of her nails. His penis is twitching and bobbing and leaking a lot.

“Testicles”

“Yes, although I would also have accepted testes or scrotum.”

She runs her nail up the side of his shaft.

“God” he croaks.

“No, try again”

“Penis” he squeaks.

“Excellent”

She runs the nail of her trembling finger around the underside of his knob. He spurts high into the air over and over. It lands on her hand and his chest and stomach. She continues to run her nail around his glans until the spasms finally peter out.

She goes off to the kitchen and comes back with a hand towel. She wipes her hands, and his chest, stomach and groin. Then she helps him up and points him in the direction of the door; his legs are a bit wobbly.

“Off to bed now, Goodnight.” she says and pats him on the bottom.

“Night.” he says, a bit dazed.

“Oh Ryan”

“Yes?”

“That last one was glans. Other than that you did very well. Night”

She takes the dirty towel to the kitchen and returns with a clean one, shutting the door behind her. She walks over to a chair and spreads the towel on the seat cushion then reaches under her skirt and pulls her panties down; kicking them off. Then she lifts her skirt to her waist and sits down, spreading he legs as widely as the chair will allow.

She is wide open, soaking wet and she is shaking all over from the unreleased, pent up excitement of playing with Ryan. She squeezes her clit out and touches a wet trembling finger onto it. She leaves it there, like a tiny vibrator. Her other hand goes to her erect nipple, her nails teasing and scraping just like she did to Ryan, while her palm caresses her breast. The orgasm, which comes quickly, sends shivers down her spine and spasms through her vagina. She holds her breath, savouring every second.

Later on, in bed, she resolves that tomorrow this must all stop, she has gone too far. Ryan will be wearing clothes again and they must go back to normal.

