 I Meet a cool older guy

My name is Dan and I am nearly 14 and I will tell you about my sex life. I like both girls and boys you can add ladies and men to that. I mostly don't root around with boys anymore of my age but had a friend named Tod a while ago and he was a bit older than me and showed me a few turnons. Tod's moved away now  otherwise I guess we would still be fucking around with each other. Anyway this is how I met a cool older guy named Jerry. Jerking off is ok I guess but I like to do other things for a turnon. Whenever I visit a shopping mall I visit the mens toilets and stand at the urinal and piss and look around so as not to be noticed, to see other guys cocks. The grown mens dicks are real interesting especially the uncut ones,  and its a real thrill to see the older guys piss then shake their big slack dicks and some even pull the skin back over the head then push it back again to squeeze out the final drop. Anyways that's how I met Jerry.  He caught me looking at him and instead of getting real upset he turned towards me and smiled and showed me his cock full on. He said "You like looking a cocks hey kid" and I grinned back and said "Yes". 
There was only 2 of us in the place so I turned full on and showed him mine. He said "not bad for a youngun - do you want to go somewhere with me where its a bit more private" - and we went to the undercover car park where its dark and got into his car.
He said "I will get into big trouble if we get caught coz you're  a minor and I could go to jail you know that don't you" - and I said "yes". He said "OK that's settled then so what you do is up to you" and sat back in his seat and opened his legs a bit and said "I'm all yours". So I got really turned on and reached over and unzipped his fly and he spread his legs some more and I reached into his u/pants and found his dick which was getting really hard as I touched it. I was really thrilled and had a giant hard on myself. He said "we can't do much here today but you can give it a lick if you want". I moved over and lay down and licked the head of his dick.  It tasted real nice and I nearly cum in my pants, and he smelled real nice and clean I think he must have used some sort of scent - anyway, then I pulled back the skin and put the head in my mouth and sucked it and he moaned and I sucked it a bit harder and put some more in my mouth and did it the way Tod once showed me when we used to fool around a long while ago. 
Then he moaned and said "gawd no more son not now" and as I took my mouth away I tasted the salty stuff and he said "its pre cum because you have made me really excited". So then he looks around to see no one is coming and tells me to show him my cock and I did and he leaned over and gulped it into his mouth and gave me a couple of quick sucks in return and I fucking near cum there and then.
Then he said "that's enough for now" and gave me his phone number and said "ring me on a weekend and I will pick you up and we can go to my place but you have to realise I could go to jail if we get caught or you tell someone about us". Which I will NOT do.
So I will ring him he is a really nice man and I think I will soon get a lot more fun when I see him cum and he makes me cum. I have never seen anyone cum except me and cums got a really nice smell. He's got lots of hair around his cock and belly too and that's a real turnon because I don't have much except around my cock and balls and around my bum hole. And I really like his uncut dick - I wish mine was the same but they cut off my skin when I was born - bastards - it wouldn't be my choice. I will write again after I see him again. 