                                 Cocoon

                      F/F bd F1st toys reluc ScFi

(C) 2005 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





Ani stepped out of the taxi and closed the door, shivering.  She
knew better than to wear her small, black dress in the rain, but had
made an exception for tonight.  Glancing in both directions, she
walked to the list of companies next to the door, each step making
her knee high, heeled boots sound on the old, concrete floor of the
street.  She could still back out, she told herself.  But she didn't.
Not when booking a room for the night, not when phoning for a taxi
and certainly not now.  Floor fifteen: Cocoon.  She pushed the
corresponding button.

"Hi.  I'm Ani," she faltered into the microphone below the list.  "I
have an appointment."

"Come in," a voice greeted through the nasal sounding speaker next
to the microphone.  The door clicked open.  Ani slipped inside,
closed the door behind her, and took the creaky lift to the fifteenth
floor.

When she got out of the lift, the receptionist behind the glossy
desk greeted her with a warm smile.  The floor owned by Cocoon
certainly had better interior decoration and heating than the main
entrance on the ground floor, which made her feel slightly less
apprehensive.

"You must be Ani," the receptionist deduced.

"That's right, I was going to stay here overnight.  I think." She
was starting to feel intimidated now that she was actually here.  It
was one thing to book yourself in overnight at a professional cell
when you're drunk and horny and browsing the company's web site, but
it was quite another to be there a few weeks later.  "What if I
change my mind half way through?"

"Out of over four hundred customers, no one has yet." The receptionist
smiled at her again.

She led Ani into a small room and introduced her to their medical
technician, a rather shy looking young man, before returning to her
desk.  The technician carefully took a blood sample from Ani and fed
a few drops of it into an expensive looking machine, causing it to
emit a low hum while it analyzed the sample.

The technician placed a headband on Ani's forehead, explaining that
she needed to keep it on no matter what happened.  He gave her a
contract to sign, detailing what the business couldn't be held
accountable for.  Shortly after Ani signed it and handed it back,
the machine chimed to let the technician know it had finished the
analysis.  He read the print-out and remarked on how healthy Ani was
before telling her to return to the front desk so that the receptionist
could show her to her room.

"OK, we're ready for you now," said the receptionist once Ani got
back to the lobby.  "You'll be in cell four.  Just remember to keep
an open mind.  I guarantee you'll have more fun that way."



Ani crept along the corridor, past the first three doors.  They were
all marked, cell one, cell two, cell three.  The last one was open
so she couldn't read what was on the door.  She figured it was cell
four, so crept into it.  The door slid shut behind her with a hiss.
It looked identical to the metal wall surrounding it, shiny, smooth
and featureless except for equidistant horizontal and vertical ridges
about half a metre apart.  The other walls and even the floor and
ceiling were made up of the same metal squares.  Suddenly, a synthetic
voice talked to her.  She looked around, trying to work out where
it was originating from.

"Hello Ani." It seemed to come from the ceiling somewhere, so she
looked up.

"I am your owner.  Do exactly as I command you and we will have a
fun night.  Take off your clothes." With another hiss of decompressing
air, a drawer slid out from one of the walls, made up of two of the
metal tiles.

Ani looked up expectantly.  Surely he, she, whoever, couldn't just
launch into roleplaying without an introduction.

"Now." She did as the voice commanded, and unzipped her black boots
before putting them in the drawer.  She then unzipped her black
dress, slid it off, and folded it next to the boots.  She looked up
expectantly again.

"I didn't tell you to stop, my little pet."

Ani let out a small sigh, then unhooked her bra and put it on top
of her dress.  She unhooked her suspenders and slid off her stockings.
After putting them all neatly on the pile, she looked up again,
nervously.  Her feet were getting cold on the metal surface of the
floor.

"One left," the voice said, still emotionless.

She reluctantly slid off her lace thong and put it on the pile before
looking back up to where the voice seemed to come from.  The drawer
closed again, blending into the background of her cell.

"Good, slavegirl." Another drawer slid out from the wall to the left.

"Put this gag on, slave." Ani nervously walked to the drawer and
picked up its contents, a phallic shaped gag.  The drawer closed
again.  She looked at the gag curiously, trying to work out which
way up it went.  She suddenly felt a strong stinging sensation in
her feet for a split second.

"Now, slavegirl." That voice!  thought Ani.  It must have given her
an electric shock via the floor.  She wanted to run for the door but
had read in the contract that once a session was started, there was
no way to stop it, and the door would not open until the predetermined
specified time.  That wasn't until the morning.  The room was empty
except for the gag and Ani, so there was no way for her to avoid
another shock if she didn't comply with her temporary owner's wishes.
She turned the gag around so it appeared to be the right way up, and
reluctantly slid it into her mouth.  As soon as she took her hand
off it, two straps extruded from it, wrapping around her face until
they met behind her head.  They bonded to each other and tightened,
plunging the gag further into her mouth.  Once they had finished,
four more straps started coming out of them, over her cheeks.  One
on each cheek went below her chin, and they similarly bonded before
tightening, while the other on each cheek went up diagonally, meeting
between her eyes, where they formed one final strap that went straight
up above her forehead and down the back of her head, to meet where
the first two straps had joined, and bonded with them.

Ani tried as hard as she could to get the gag off her face, but it
was firmly stuck on.  There was nothing she could do to remove it.

"Now go to the toilet.  I don't want you to make a mess later."
Accompanied by another hiss, several tiles on the wall on the right
moved towards the room, containing a toilet, complete with toilet
paper, a sink, soap and a towel.  She used it, washed her hands, and
dried them.  It slid back into the wall.

Another drawer tile slid out, revealing what looked like another
phallic shaped gag.

"Slide this into your cunt, slavegirl." Ani looked up at the ceiling
in disbelief, but all that got her was another electric shock.  She
carefully slid the phallus in.  Two straps inched their way up from
it, until they got to her waist.  Two straps then went out of each
of them horizontally, wrapping around her waist, until they all met
at her sides.  They tightened around her hips until she was slightly
uncomfortable, then stopped.  Four more straps extended from the
phallus, and they all joined onto the ring around her waist before
tightening.  She now had underwear she couldn't remove, except it
wasn't underwear so much as a wearable dildo.  She felt so humiliated
she wanted to cry, but she tried to stay as calm as she could.

"Good girl.  You have pleased me so far." The drawer closed as another
slid open.

Ani walked up to it, dreading to think what she would find inside.
It looked like a bra, only without the straps to go around her back
or shoulders, and it was made of the same material as the two
phalluses.

"Hold this over your breasts." The voice was as calm as ever, and
hadn't changed tone since it first greeted her.  Remembering the
electric shocks, Ani didn't need to be ordered a second time.  As
soon as she held it in position, a strap came out of either side of
it, wrapping around her back and meeting in the middle of it, before
tightening.  Similar straps went over her shoulders and met the first
ones behind her back.  Finally, it looked like a regular bra, except
for the smooth, shiny material it was made of.  Last of all, eight
straps trickled down from it, three down her front, one down each
side, and three down her back.  They all joined onto the belt around
her waist, meeting where the straps went around her crotch and at
the sides.  Two new horizontal rings were formed between her bra and
the original ring around her waist.  She was finally wearing a whole
body suit, which slowly tightened until she was slightly uncomfortable,
then stopped.  Part of her wanted to look in a mirror to see how
humiliating it looked, but she couldn't bring herself to do it, even
if she had the opportunity.

To complete Ani's outfit for the time being, four new straps went
down from her head harness to her bra, one at the front, one at the
back, and one at each side, forming three new horizontal rings around
her neck as they went.  Once they had finished joining each other
and shrinking to fit her exactly, she knew her body truly had no
escape.  She was completely covered in shiny, smooth, black webbing
from the top of her head to the bottom of her crotch.  She honestly
didn't know if she was humiliated, upset or aroused.



"I know that you secretly want to be dominated by another woman,"
said the voice.  There was no way it could know that, thought Ani.
She hadn't told _anyone_.  "...so I took the liberty of inviting one
of your cellmates who wants to dominate you.  She's on her way now."
Ani tried her best to shout that she _really_ didn't want to lose
her lesbian virginity, but all that came out were muffled screams.
She half expected to get another electric shock for making such a
noise, but instead her gag started to writhe around inside her mouth.
She let out a muffled exclamation in surprise.  She had no idea the
phalluses could move.  It was almost like giving fellatio to a man
wearing a condom, she thought.  She tried to protest even more but
couldn't muster the energy, the phallus in her mouth sedating her
into merely groaning.  Some sort of liquid that tasted like precum,
from what she could remember, oozed out of it and slid down her
throat.  So much for it being like a condom, she thought.  She quickly
swallowed it to avoid choking.  If she had realised how real the
phallus gag was, she would have thought twice about putting it on
so willingly.

"You like giving head, don't you, my little slut?" The voice always
sounded the same, completely emotionless.  "Just like you enjoy being
groped." The bra tightened around Ani's breasts in such a way that
it felt just like someone was groping her.  She tried to vocalise
her objection to that as well, but the muffled protests just got her
another trickle of precum from the ever-moving phallus in her mouth.
She tried to rip the gag and bra off, but that just got her another
electric shock, stronger than before.  She fell to the floor and
squirmed around into any position she could think of, just in case
any of them eased the groping or fellatio sensations.  They didn't,
and she just felt like someone's hands and dick were following her
around, regardless of whether she was on all fours, lying on her
back, or curled up.



Ani was on all fours when the door slid open in front of her.  She
had lost track of which wall she was facing until then.  A cute,
young woman with short, spiky hair and a big grin on her face walked
into her cell, her heeled shoes echoing around the room with each
step, and the door closed behind her.  She was wearing a strapless
faux leather corset, complete with suspenders which were holding up
her sheer lace stockings, and a matching thong.

"I see you're expecting me, slut." She grinned even more.  Suddenly,
the rubber dick in Ani's cunt started to expand and contract, as if
someone was truly violating her.  Taken completely by surprise, she
collapsed on the floor, moaning in pleasure and frustration.  She
tried to close her legs but that just made the sensation more intense.
Opening them as far as she could so that maybe the rubber phallus
wouldn't reach her sides didn't help either, as it just expanded
even more.  The groping sensation started again, and Ani, struggling
to get back on her hands and knees, looked up at the woman in her
cell with pleading eyes, hoping she had the power and inclination
to make it all stop.  Instead, she just laughed at her.

"I did not permit you to laugh, Rose," said another synthesized
voice, more feminine than Ani's owner.

"Sorry, mistress." The cute woman stopped grinning and began to look
serious.

That must have been her name, thought Ani.  Rose.  And the synthesized
voice that she just heard was Rose's mistress, of the same origin
as her owner.  That still didn't give her any clue as to who any of
them were.  She was impressed with herself for concentrating hard
enough on their conversation to work that out, despite being groped
and fucked by an invisible rapist to whom she was giving oral sex.
She writhed around on the floor, trying to stay as stable as she
could in order to attain some desperately needed sense of dignity.
Her owner groped her right breast firmly while some more of its
precum trickled down her throat, forcing her to swallow again.

"You will have to repay me later, Rose.  I know how much you like
playing with other slavegirls, especially ones wearing kinky boots."
Rose's mistress had an equal lack of emotion to Ani's owner.

"Put your boots back on, slut," Ani's owner ordered her as the drawer
with her clothes in opened again.  She carefully stood up and tried
to walk across the room but couldn't concentrate with her costume
taking advantage of her.  After only a few tentative steps, she got
back down on her hands and knees, crawled across to the drawer and
took out her boots.  As it closed again, she carefully put them on.

The costume controlled by her owner pumped harder and faster into
her cunt as she slowly crawled back into the middle of her cell.
Another drawer hissed open, but she couldn't see from that angle
what was in it.

"Put this on your new toy, Rose," instructed Rose's mistress.  She
pulled out a black, rubber armbinder from the drawer, which closed
behind her.

"I'll take off my slavegirl's bra so that you can put it on her,"
Ani's owner said.  Half of her suit retracted into itself until she
was just left with the gag and webbing around her groin firmly in
place, and the bra dropped onto the floor.  As if to compensate for
her new-found freedom, the costume pumped harder into her cunt and
the gag continued squirming around inside her mouth, letting even
more precum trickle out.

Ani wasn't sure whether she should have been relieved that the groping
had finally stopped, or embarrassed that a complete stranger was
looking at her breasts.  The worst part was Rose's approving smile,
as if she was an object for her to play with, no more than the sum
of her body parts.

Rose put Ani's bra in another drawer, as her mistress ordered her,
and carefully laced up the armbinder behind Ani before fastening its
straps around her shoulders.  Rose was so fast yet careful that Ani
began to wonder if she had done this sort of thing before.  Once she
had finished, it was impossible for Ani to protect herself from her.
She suddenly realised how vulnerable her breasts were.  The rubber
dick in her cunt changed its speed and she moaned again, but she had
lost track of whether she was moaning in disapproval or pleasure.

Some sort of motor made a whirring noise on the ceiling.  By the
time Ani looked up, there was a chain dangling down, complete with
a snap hook at the end.  Rose gently helped Ani up onto her feet
before instinctively opening the snap hook to put the D-ring at the
end of the armbinder in it, then let it snap shut again.  It wasn't
even a padlock, thought Ani; anyone whose arms were free could have
let her go.  The same motor sounded again, and the chain was pulled
further and further up until Ani had to bend over, her arms forced
above her gagged head at an impossible angle.  Just as she thought
she couldn't take any more, the rubber phallus inside her cunt slowed
down until it eventually stopped, then the webbing around her groin
retracted into itself until it was nothing more than the phallus
itself.  She wriggled her hips as best she could until it fell out
of her.  Rose picked it up off the floor and placed it in a drawer
that opened and closed for her.  Ani was finally free of everything
but the gag, and this new armbinder.  She couldn't even take her
boots off now, but at least they were her street clothes.  She never
realised how slutty they looked if she wasn't wearing any other
regular clothes with them.

"Play with your toy," instructed Rose's mistress.  "I will only
permit you to sleep with her tonight once you have made her orgasm."

Ani let out a muffled scream, only to be silenced by her gag writhing
around in her mouth.  It let some more precum trickle down her throat.
She wondered just how much could fit in such a deceptively small
gag.

"Don't worry." Rose smiled at her.  "I'll be good to you.  All I ask
is that you give in to your desires, to be my complete and willing
slut.  You'll have a lot of fun if you admit to yourself that you
want me."

Ani tried to cry out a protest, but all that came out was a muffled
noise that could have been a laugh or cry.  Rose just grinned at
her, bent down and licked her left nipple.  She flinched in surprise
and screamed as much as her gag would permit.  That pleased Rose
even more, who started groping her right breast as she flicked her
tongue repeatedly on her left nipple.  Ani writhed around and tried
desperately to somehow shake off her armbinder, but it was futile.
Rose pinched her right nipple a few times in between groping it,
each time pinching it for slightly longer.  She then started to grope
Ani's left breast, while her left hand slid slowly down her, stopping
at her crotch.  Ani almost wished she had the rubber phallus back
in her cunt.  Rose started to play with Ani's labia, all the while
squeezing her left breast.  Ani could feel her own heartbeat as if
Rose's tight grip amplified it.  To her surprise, she found herself
leaning forwards, towards Rose's hand.  It was as if part of her
mind wanted to be left alone but another part wanted to feel Rose
inside her.

"See?" Her smile got bigger.  "I _knew_ you wanted me, deep down.
Just give in to that desire, my little slut.  I'll blow your mind."

Ani frantically shook her head and let out another muffled noise.
Rose paid more attention to the parts of her body below her neck
though, and decided to satisfy them by gently sliding her middle
finger into Ani's cunt, which was already dripping wet with
anticipation.  Ani couldn't help but moan in pleasure.  It was the
first time a woman had ever done that to her, and it felt so _good_.
She kept trying to thrust herself forwards, to feel Rose's finger
further in her.  Rose was positively beaming with pride.  She'd
managed to seduce her, to convince her to accept her; to convince
her to accept _herself_.  Ani moaned with pleasure as she writhed
around.  She had completely forgotten about the gag, the cell, the
outside world, everything except Rose and herself.  Nothing else
existed while this lasted.  Rose wriggled her finger around inside
Ani as she continued to play with her breasts.  Ani hoped it would
last forever.  Nothing else had ever felt so good; so _right_.  She
started to moan in pure bliss.



That night, Ani took off her boots and put them in their drawer, but
the gag stayed firmly in place.  A whole bottom row of squares making
up one of the walls of her cell had slid forward, revealing a
comfortable bed for herself and her new found lover to sleep in.  As
she had done so well in discovering herself, and Rose had done so
well in helping her, their owners had decided that it would be fitting
for them to be permitted to sleep together.  Rose lay behind Ani,
gently groping her, as they closed their eyes and drifted off.  She
kissed Ani on the back of her neck just before they both fell asleep.
Ani would have kissed her back if it wasn't for the gag.  She no
longer hated the thing, but it would have been nice to talk about
how exhilarating it was to have finally found herself with the one
person who helped her on her journey.  At least she was finally let
in on the joke that Rose was constantly grinning about.  It really
was a wonderful feeling to be let in on the experience.  That night
Ani got the best sleep she'd had in years.

In what Ani presumed to be the morning, Rose's mistress instructed
her to go back to her own cell.  Ani wanted to ask if she could ever
see her again, but instead she just hugged her.  Rose reciprocated,
and for a few precious seconds they just stood there, their arms
around each other.

"Thank you for a fun night.  I won't forget you." Rose lightened up
a bit and that smile Ani had fallen in love with returned.  "I _love_
your boots."

Shortly after Rose left, Ani's owner let her gag retract and she put
it back in its drawer.  It then gave her clothes back, and she put
them on before the cell door finally opened for her.  She took off
the headband and made her way back to the lobby, ready to face the
real world again, a new woman.

She tried to convince the receptionist that she had fallen in love
with a woman called Rose, one of the other guests, and wanted to
contact her.  The receptionist said that Ani had fallen in love with
someone she had only ever seen in a corset and stockings who came
to her specifically to have sex with her.  Just as Ani wasn't a
sex-obsessed slut, the receptionist said, neither were any of the
other guests.  The woman Ani was with existed only in that building,
just as the naked, gagged, owned Ani only existed there.  _If_ she
was given the phone number of Rose, which she wouldn't be, she'd
find just a regular, shy woman.  Ani said she understood all of that
but this was _love_ she was talking about.  The receptionist said
she'd heard it all before a dozen times.  In the end, Ani managed
to convince her to pass on her phone number to Rose, rather than try
the other way around.

The one other thing she _had_ to ask the receptionist was who owned
her, in the cell.  She couldn't even tell their gender let alone who
they were.

"You owned yourself.  All those orders were your inner desires.  You
were just forcing your conscious self to do what you always wanted
to.  The headband you were wearing let our computers read your
thoughts.  That's how we can be confident that you won't actually
end up doing anything you _truly_ don't want to.  That's why the
service we provide is so good for self discovery."

After paying for the room, Ani made her way downstairs and out of
the building.  She shuddered at the cold weather outside, but as the
rain poured down, she soon managed to hail a cab.  She had planned
on going straight back home, but instead decided to go to a local
lesbian book store that she'd always been too intimidated to go in
before.

"Sheesh, you're not one of those dykes, are you?" the cab driver
asked her.  "A pretty girl like you?"

"Yes, I am," said Ani.  She smiled for the first time in weeks.
