Wild in the West Without a Stitch
by tomb125

Introduction

Primrose DuBois, now in her early thirties, was a striking brunette beauty of the most full-figured variety. She stood 69 inches tall and weighed 145 pounds and while not fat, she had certainly gained several pounds since her youth. She exercised to stay fit, but had a fondness for sweets. To say she was curvy would to have put it mildly. Primrose had a superb bosom, long legs, hips to die for, and a mouthwateringly full bottom. Primrose was a dazzling brunette naturally, but colored her hair to a strawberry blonde tint. She was vice president of Operations of the Bastermats Chemical Company in the city of Puttyville and as such, saw herself as a leading figure for both the company and the community. Primrose was a very capable executive, but she was brassy and would frequently exhibit a wicked tendency to demean those she considered beneath her station, both professionally and socially. She loved to be glamorously displayed in fine clothes, concealing her extensive collection of classic foundations from yesteryear, and to be the center of everyone’s’ attention.

Part 1, Primrose Pitches her Plan

Primrose had a clever plan to bolster her position following her disastrously humiliating cake debacle during the company’s award banquet last year. Her idea was sure to restore her dignity in the company hierarchy as well as her community standing, albeit, while still wearing her clothes. She drifted back in time and furiously blushed recalling her most mortifying moment. She could still remember the heat of her crimson face that day, despite the ice-cold cake glazing her entire naked ass. She winced recalling the fountain’s ice-cold water jets hosing her nether regions with alarming velocity. Primrose squeezed her eyes shut and cringed with a scowl as she remembered running for cover, nude, during the city’s holiday parade wearing only her heels and her gartered bustier, with her teats flash frozen rock-hard by the frosty weather. That was a most humiliating experience. Prim quickly regained her composure. The real problem before her was the arrival of Ms. Brooklyn Broadsheets, the new V.P. of marketing. This woman was a similar absolute stunner, but unlike Primrose, sported the sculpted hard body of a female athlete. Brooklyn threatened to steal away Eddie French, Primroses’ current crush.

Primroses’ new plan was based on a motion picture, specifically, a western. Earlier this month in Puttyville, the movie “Wild in the West” had just finished shooting at the Puttyville fairgrounds. The grounds were located on the outskirts of town. Now the city had an entire western movie set on hand that the producers left for the community to dismantle in accordance with their agreement. Additionally, the production company had not yet recovered their various trailers containing costumes, dressing rooms, and props. Primrose smiled to herself as she saw Eddie and her, dressed in romantic western finery, seated snugly together and smooching in a horse drawn buggy, riding off into the sunset.

Back to the here and now. “MMmmmm… this is decidedly most delicious!” Primrose murmured as she replaced her fork with a “tink” on her dessert plate containing a lemon tart with chilled cream. Within Henriette Fontaine’s pâtisserie and seated around a small table were Ernest C. Bastermats, president of Bastermats Chemical Company, the aforementioned Primrose Dubois, Annie Anderson, Primrose’s assistant, Ms. Brooklyn Broadsheets and Edward French. Primrose, in her designer business suit, had removed her suit jacket to relieve the late summer heat and now wore a snug pale-yellow silk shirt. “I will tell you, Mr. B, my plan is a superb idea for the Bastermats Chemical Company. The film is in post-production and the set will not be dismantled for nearly a month. The wardrobe trailers are still on site and we could do something really classy to elevate our company and community here." Primrose went on to describe her brainchild, “The Puttyville Wild West Festival” sponsored by The Bastermats Chemical Company. There would be a cattle drive with cowboys as well as Indian raiders. “We could all dress up and play roles from our favorite westerns!” “I will be Miss Jessie Brundidge, the famous local school teacher and suffragette”, Primrose continued. She went on to describe how company employees could staff the event and dress in period costume as the townsfolk from the wardrobe trailers. Fans and spectators from Puttyville could dress up in period clothing for a discounted ticket price. “We can capture all of it with photos, our local media, WENF, and possibly even national news! Can you imagine, Mr. B?” Primrose gushed. “The finale will be a barbeque and award ceremony in the saloon/opera house dance hall”. Suddenly, Annie piped up, “Ms. Dubois, this will take an awful lot of work….” Primrose quickly cut her assistant off and responded, “Annie, I am sure you can whip everything into shape.” Primrose continued, “Furthermore, I’ll volunteer my scout troop to do much of the heavy lifting. They will be delighted to role play the Indians”. Fortuitously, Prim had recently begun serving as a local scout troop leader, not that she cared a fig for the selfless credo of this famed service organization, but more as a spurious step to instill her self-centered values on impressionable young people. Thankfully, this was not a fact lost on the older scouts in her troop.

Primrose continued and then pressed for a decision. “What do you think Mr. Bastermats?” Now the first of several wardrobe malfunctions occurred as a particularly strained pearl blouse button popped off and landed with a “tink” on Prim’s dessert plate. Because she was talking and dominating the conversation, Primrose failed to hear it. Her blouse yawed open exposing a gratifying glimpse of cleavage. Annie tried to alert her superior as to her boss’s wardrobe malfunction only to be summarily dismissed with the flick of the hand. Then, a drop of chilled cream spilled from Prim’s fork and landed dead center between her nearly bared boobs. Immediately, she stared down, mouth agape and watched as the cold creamy goodness disappeared with a most frosty feeling down her breasts and elongating her nipples to the delight of everyone. With a shriek, Primrose grabbed the edge of her shirt’s opening and while tugging, popped off three more buttons. Her lacy pink bra fully emerged and now a shocking amount of cleavage was on display as Primrose squealed in astonishment as the creamy confection covered her nearly exposed breasts. Eddie French’s jaw dropped as Annie giggled and tried to assist Primrose by daubing the spilled frozen dessert with her napkin. Primrose blushed hotly as she tugged her rent blouse closed. Ms. Broadsheets just smiled at this embarrassing situation. Primrose shouted, “Annie, get me some safety pins and my coat so I can compose myself!” Mr. Ernest Crescentcrotch Bastermats was now most interested in Primrose’s plan, as well as her protruding boobs, and readily agreed to endorse her idea.


Part 2, Dressing the Part

Just a day later, Primrose put her plan into action. The scouts from her troop, Troop 69 (of course) held quarterly courts of honor when leaders, scouts, friends, and family attended and recognized the boys’ special achievements. Prim used this occasion to introduce her scheme to employ the troop to support the Bastermats’ Wild West Days. Beth Modiste, who served as Primrose’s assistant scout master, overheard Prim backstage on her phone gleefully explaining to someone how her machination was a splendid way to get the troop to do a lot of the work for free. She continued, giggling, “and as a bonus, the end result will be me, Primrose Dubois, center stage, the fashionable focal point for everyone’s attention, and credited for the scout’s efforts supporting a major community event. Eddie will be enraptured and excited to get his hands all over me!” Beth, angered at first, then softened, put her finger to her chin, smiled, and imagined a spectacle where Primrose was certainly the center of attention, but without her western-themed threads and completely undone.


At Veteran’s Coliseum, where Troop 69 was based, the air was abuzz with excitement in anticipation of the court of honor. The scouts wore their dress uniforms as did their adult scout leaders. Primrose sported her oh-so-tight khaki button up uniform blouse with the epaulettes of her leadership position as well as her rack of awarded ribbons known as her ‘fruit salad’, which angled delightfully from her curvaceous bosom. Her beautiful blonde hair was pinned up beneath a garrison cap tilted at a rakish angle. Her heels were heightened by polished black pumps much higher than permitted by regulation. A matching khaki woolen skirt, tight as a drumhead, girded her generous loins. The horniest of scouts and other males present were delighted to clearly see Primrose’s bulging lacy torpedo bra printing beneath her blouse. They nearly drooled watching the telltale bumps formed by her garter tabs, as well as the visible line of her straining full-figure garter belt. It gently dimpled the horizon of her abundant ass, the impression visible across the centerline of her magnificent bottom as she stooped over brushing something from her skirt. Everyone wondered, “What color panties was she wearing?” A particular deviant, a scout named Buster Thompson, was convinced she wore none, choosing to ‘go commando”. Needless to say, as Primrose strode to the podium to pitch her plan, her stockinged thighs swished as they rubbed together and the globes of her grand glutes rolled in rhythm with her bouncing bustline, her slightly protruding belly, and likewise in time with her ‘clicking’ footsteps, she had her scouts and everyone else spellbound. Even the women present envied her sex appeal, although most wanted to see her taken down a peg or two. Prim smiled and thought, “they are but putty in my hands!” Her proposal was completely successful enlisting her troop to work and in convincing all the adults to attend the Wild West festival in period dress. She thought to herself as she left the meeting, flushed with success and not a little titillated, “I’ve still got it. I always leave them dreaming to see more, but they never will”. She tittered with glee and patted her big butt for emphasis, adding a “HHiiissssss…. hot stuff, indeed!”


In the weeks that followed, Annie was, of course, placed in charge of putting the Wild West Festival all together. The western movie set was comprised of a series of buildings including a dance hall/saloon, a general store, a dry goods store, a black smith forge, cattle and horse corrals, a barber shop, a dentistry, a bank, sheriff’s office and a jail. A week before the festival, Primrose toured the set with Annie to review her progress. While Annie had done a splendid job preparing the set for Wild West Days, Primrose complained about the slightest flaws, picked apart Annie’s efforts, and needlessly needled her overworked assistant. For example, Primrose pointed out with all the barbequed chicken needed, the live chickens need to be on site near the kitchens for the cooks to authentically process the poultry. “We also need more examples of desert flora to transform Puttyville into El Paso”. Primrose never missed an opportunity to remind Annie how she would have done it more efficiently. Annie boiled with resentment, but held her tongue as Primrose was currently her superior. The overtaxed assistant smoldered in silence, but dreamed of a day when she would stand up to her domineering boss and literally let her have it!


According to plan, Annie arranged for the wardrobe and dressing room trailers to be moved from the movie set to the parking lot of the Bastermats Chemical Company. There, employees could choose their costumes, get dressed, and be transported to the festival on buckboard wagons fitted with hay bale seats. The wagons would take everyone back to the company parking area, as well as backhaul the props and plants used to decorate the event. The Bastermats's VIPs would travel in style in the set’s authentic stage coach drawn by a team of horses. Following the hot day’s activities, the company limousine would return the select executives in air conditioned and leather-seated comfort to the company area.


The week before the event found all the company employees hunting through the wardrobe trailers to find their garments of choice. Primrose and Annie led the way. “Listen up Annie, I’ve done my research. What Beth, Brook, and I require are what were known in the nineteenth century as walking dresses. This will allow us freedom of movement to roam about the festival without enormous hoops and bustles, and still maintain our feminine elegance in this rustic setting”. After some searching in the wardrobe trailer, they found a garment bag containing the school teacher’s costume, as well as one for the rancher’s wife, and another for the governess. “Primrose exclaimed, “These are perfect!” Next, they discovered a saloon girl’s outfit. “Annie, this is perfect for you” Primrose declared. This garment was little more than a full over the bust corset paired with a short skirt that would flounce to show her stockinged legs. Crestfallen, Annie imagined how foolish she would look in this getup, no doubt to the delight of her domineering boss. She remarked “I guess I need to buy a pair of rhumba panties to match?” Primrose replied, “You needn’t bother as no women wore them back then”. “All women used period shape wear in those days, we just need to find some in here”. “We need authenticity Annie, so let's look in this lingerie locker”. Inside the locker, Primrose was delighted to see all the splendid unmentionables from yesteryear they required. Primrose arrogantly announced, “Annie, we have all we need. Let’s go!”


The morning of Wild West Days found Primrose in the star’s trailer getting dressed for the occasion. The costume used in the movie for Miss Jessie Brundidge, the suffragette school teacher, was an elegant affair of bright yellow design. Primrose elatedly imagined it a fitting tribute to her namesake’s lemon-colored flower. She fantasied how this bright ensemble would make her stand out in the throng. The suit was a two-piece design with a fitted yellow bodice, that buttoned up the front and a matching floor-length skirt. As Primrose held the top of the garment to her substantial chest, she realized she would never be able to button it closed. Primrose then assured herself, “Let’s see what these foundations can accomplish”. From the lingerie locker, Primrose had appropriated a formidable array of underclothes to contain her curves within her chosen costume.


First, Primrose stripped off completely and imagined getting dressed as the celebrated school teacher and suffragette, Miss Jessie Brundidge. Naked as a jay, she sat her expansive bare bottom on a small padded stool and began dressing by sliding on her white silk stockings. She secured these to her creamy plump thighs with lacy pink garter bands decorated on the front with a yellow rosette. These scrumptiously dimpled and gripped her full thighs eight inches above her knees. “Getting dressed back then was very different than today”, Prim thought indulgently. Next, she put her feet into her polished four-inch heeled leather shoes and buttoned them up over her ankles. Rising to her feet, she regarded her Rubenesque figure, high on her heels, in the dressing room mirror. Primrose could not help herself as she glided a pair of manicured fingers firmly along her trimmed brunette bush, eliciting a purr of arousal, and then popping the moistened digits into her mouth. “Wicked indeed”, she thought of her entire scheme.


Back to business, Primrose resumed getting dressed by tugging on her drawers. These were a pale white pair of linen bloomers secured by a pink ribbon tie, serving as a cincture across her full midriff. Primrose unfortunately found these britches a bit too snug fitting in the seat. When in proper place, they too firmly hugged Prim’s bountiful bottom. “Oh, I should have tried these on earlier” Primrose complained. With the significant tension placed on the pantaloons by Prim’s plump posterior, the two large red buttons securing the ‘barn door’ flap of fabric stretched across her bottom strained in their task to say the least. Primrose thought, “As a pillar of the community, it is imperative Miss Brundidge keep her bottom covered”. To relieve some of this tension, Prim shimmied her underpants lower on her hips and loosened the ribbon tie accordingly, albeit perhaps a bit too much. Just a few wisps of brunette hair peeked above her nearly bare midsection. From the back, the presentation was equally scrumptious. In the gap between where her top ended and her bottoms began, Primrose’s ‘dimples of Venus’ winked merrily just above the swell of her broad rear end. The necessary position to allow the required give for her glutes afforded a viewer the image of her lowered drawers presented from the rear, another eyeful with nearly a full inch of ass cleavage rising above the pink ribbon fastener.


Next, she pulled on the snug white lacy chemise, decorated with pink ribbon trim. The fitted top firmly clenched her ample bust and supported her large breasts magnificently and held them oh-so-high. “It fits like a glove”, Prim murmured as she stroked her nipples. The chemise shirt was secured with two lacy straps set wide on the edge of each of her shoulders. A large amount of her cleavage was pushed up and above the chemise cups. She stared down, blinking in astonishment to watch her huge tits quivering, nearly naked, and ready to spring from her undergarment entirely. Primrose then tossed her shoulders in front of the large dressing room mirror and pursed her lips in a sassy fashion. She was shocked to watch her boobs leap from the garment and spring forward. They settled on the failed cups looking like a pair of ripe melons at the market begging to be bought. Her chosen top was simply not up to the task at hand and her boobs were just too big. “OOohh NNooo” Primrose squeaked as she tucked her tits back into her top. Despite the perspiration forming on her brow, Primrose quickly allayed her alarm as she realized her costume’s full bodice buttoned all the way to her collar. Plus, as she considered her corset, gently patting her significant sweater pies, she reassured herself, “These big babies will be nicely nestled beneath!” The chemise’s lacy lower edge ended just at the upper delicious swell of her belly, leaving a gap of bare flesh including her belly button, before her hip-hugging bloomers resumed coverage at her now most low bikini line.


Now it was time for the waist cincher. This was a white under bust corset with lacy top, and stiffened with real whale bone. It was delicate yet strong and was decorated with lace edging and pink ribbons and bow details, and laced up the back. Three pink flowers adorned the front, one centered on the bustline, and one on each lower edge centered on the leg line. When worn, the corset firmly secured the wearer’s midriff from below the bosom, and above the hips. Since Primrose was alone dressing, there was no one to cinch her corset laces. She had to wriggle the corset around her middle and tie it herself from the front. Primrose then sucked in her belly and spun the corset around with the laces to her back. Exhaling, she looked in the mirror and “oohed” at the image she saw. She took shallow breaths as she watched her waist now resembled an hour glass compared to her broad chest and hips. Prim imagined her breasts and her bottom literally exploding to an appreciative audience when released from these foundations as a warm feeling glowed happily in her loins, despite realizing the mortification such an occurrence would make her experience.


She next added a cage hoop skirt pannier with five hoops fashioned of steel, fabric, and ribbon. This would form her outer skirt in relatively narrow width, approximately four feet in diameter, very manageable for the day’s activities. Primrose added a white linen crinoline petticoat atop her hoops. Now Primrose fastened her matching dress bodice and found it to be very snug but the dozen tiny covered buttons seemed up to the task of holding it closed. The same could be said for her outer skirt as its hook-and-eye fastener was strained when she clipped it on, but all appeared well. Primrose followed by donning a pair of white cotton gloves and a matching yellow hat with hair net festooned on the back, to compliment her pinned up blonde coiffure. As she stooped to pick up her yellow parasol and matching purse, she was alarmed to hear a ripping noise. While Primrose could not see the damage to her ensemble, an internal rent along the back of her chemise, she nonetheless convinced herself, “As long as I am careful, stand up straight, and don’t make any sudden movements, I should be able to deliver my speech, show off my scouts, woo Edward French, and be astride his lap by early this evening, in proper cowgirl style!” Primrose blushed hotly at this last prospect, imagining herself on top, in control of the depth of his penetration, the speed of his insertion, and the angle of her body. She would surely experience multiple orgasms. Fanning her flushed face with both of her hands, Primrose returned to the present and tried to cool down.


She stepped from the trailer and boarded the stage coach where everyone else was waiting for her. As she jostled her skirts climbing inside and took her seat, the men nodded in approval and the women exchanged envious stares, wishing for once Primrose, the big pain in the ass for all of them, would get her just desserts. Prim sweetly smiled back at Eddie, and then at the rest of the passengers in the stage. She had no idea how little control she would hold over anything and how much of a pain in her ass this western extravaganza was going to deliver!
