Angel's Hell in high school
by Nobudy

It was 4:00pm in the afternoon, after school had ended, Angel was walking home with her boyfriend. Chris spoke,
"My family isn't home right now, even my sister is won't be home until later, so you could stay awhile"
Angel and Chris had been darting for 3 months, the most they have done with each other was made out behind the school, but even that bothered Angel.
"Sure Chris, I'll just have to be home around 6, so I'll get my mom to pick me up"
"Sounds good" Chris replied.
Angel herself was around 5.5ft tall, with shoulder length blonde hair and an athletic figure, a lot of guys could only dream of being with her. Angel herself was 18 years old, she got very good grades, and has dated many guys but they sadly have never been with her for too long.
Both Angel and Chris reached the door and walked into the house, it was only one story, with a big living room connected to a kitchen, and a hallway leading to more rooms. Chris lead Angel through out the house and into his room. Angel felt a little awkward walking into his room, even though they've been datting for awhile, normally they'd watch some TV or eat something when walking in.
"Hey Chris, ya know we could just watch some TV or something, In fact I think 13 Reasons Why came out with a new season!"
"Nah that show's about as stupid as you're sometimes"
"Oh shut up!"
"Ha.. never, either way I think it's time to try something new ya know?"
"What do you mean Chris?"
"Well I wanted to be patient, but I think we should try and make some progress, with having sex"
Angel herself started to almost shake in embarrassment and fear, as her cheeks became completely red,
"Chris, you know i'm religious, I can't do that"
"Please?, the bible itself was made so many years ago, it's laws don't hold up to today's standards, and dating itself was practically the same thing as marrying someone back then"
"Chris, no means no, can we just watch some Netflix or something? I'm sure that'll be nice"
"No, it's been 3 months, I can't just lie to myself this is something a guy needs ya know?"
"Well.. what if I don't to ever do this, even after marriage, sex it's just nothing I want to be a part of".
Chris had a shocked expression on his face, on of the pretties girl's he's ever seen, never, not even in her entire life time would let him have sex with her, he was prepared to wait and be patient, but then again he probably would had never waited until marriage in the first place, even if that was an option
"Please Angel?!, please I don't mean to rude or mean or harsh but, can we please just try?"
"No Chris, no we can't, now stop asking or else"
"Angel.. c'mon.."
"Look, I'm not really sorry, this is just not something I want, you'll either have to accept this or I don't know how the end of this relationship will go"
"No, please angel!, I practically love you, please there has to be a way we can have sex or at least something sexual"
"NO Chris, just no"
After that it was dead silence for a few minutes until finally Angel spoke up
"I think I'll head home early today, Goodbye Chris"
"No wait!"
She was already gone, and outside, waiting to be picked up by her mom, all Chris could do was watch as his dreams fell apart.

A few hours later they broke up over text.

Angel was crying in her room, blaming herself for what happened. She thought that maybe believing in god's ways was wrong?, she doubted her self, and her emotional state took a beating, until her mother was able to calm her down and help her focus in what was right. They prayed before the night ended.

Chris was crying in his room, blaming himself for what had happened. He was thinking that maybe he was wrong? was sex really worth it?, he doubted himself and his emotional state took a beating, until his sister arrived home early,.

"SHE SAID WHAT?! THAT'S BULL SHIT" his sister screamed outward through the entire house, Chris then told her how he felt, maybe he was wrong.
"NO WE'RE GONNA TEACH THAT BITCH HOW SEX WORKS!, SHE'LL UNDERSTAND YOU, AND SHE'LL UNDERSTAND JUST HOW WRONG HER RELIGION IS!"

Chris's sister, Maya, was lesbian, single, in college and failing, but nobody was gonna mess with her family, not even god himself. "Chris, tomorrow i'll show after school, just get her to and as many people as possible to the courtyard behind the school, we should be safe from teachers there". Tomorrow was gonna be a very manic Monday.

Angel woke up, she felt better about her self and her god, but she hoped she and Chris would at least be good as friends, since a lot of her boyfriends have became her best friends over these past high school years. She decided to wear blue Jeans and a nice pink and a slim T-shirt that hugged her body nicely, as she walked to school.

Upon arriving she met Chris again, he seemed awkward to look at, almost as if her eyes just turned away from him no mater how hard she tried to focus on him. He approached her.
"Hey.. Angel, look i'm sorry I freaked out"
"It's ok, we should had talked more about it before we started dating"
"No I mean, I think I actually agree with you, maybe sex might not be worth it"
"Really!? are.. are you sure?"
"I don't know entirely yet, but hey wanna at least talk in the courtyard after school?, I think we can both learn from each other at least.
"SURE! let me just check with my parents! it should be fine! I'll text you about it later!"
She then walked away towards her class, Angel was excited, this had never happened to her before, she had finally convinced a boy to do things her way, she was thinking about marriage and kids and so many things and her brain flooded with Love for the next few hours until the time came.

Angel walked outside towards the courtyard, it was a small pathway from the school, when she arrived she saw about 30 to 40 people gathered there, with Chris and his sister Maya leading them,

"Chris? what're all these people doing here?", Maya then responded, "Grab her, and I'll give you all what you have been waiting for through out this whole high school year"

Angel tried to run after seeing this pack of high schooners run after her, she ran and ran down the path she came from, she was more athletic then most of them, running and jumping through the path, not knowing what was going on, until in front of her stood Ray, one of her ex's who had also gotten mad at her, and was now tempted with the possibility of at least seeing something, but was running late due to his workout.

He went to grab her but she ducked to the left, almost like a boxer but he grabbed on to her shirt, pulling it you could almost see down it a little, the top of her B cup bra, before a ripping the mid section of the shift sending her to the ground, part of her stomach now on show, this was the most anyone's ever seen of her skin, even while getting changed she stood inside a cubical. it was only a slight tear, but it was definitely a start. She tried to squirm away but he grabbed her leg, and then more and more people caught up with her.

She felt hands everywhere, but everyone was too scared to do anything harsh, nobody touched her chest, not even her butt, they grabbed her from each limb even though she tried harder and harder to escape there was just to many people as they brought her back to the courtyard, and place right in front of Chris and Maya, as the crowd surrounded them.

Angel was fearing for her life, she was scared, the rip in her shirt made her embarrassed, and she had never had so many hands on her at once, her blonde her was dusted in dirt from fleeing from Ray, she was scared.

"You're the little bitch that left my brother blue balled?, well then, let's have some fun shall we?"

Angel stood up off the ground, "What do you mean!? what do you want!!?!?! just leave me the fuck alone!!!"

His sister grabbed the neck of her shirt and ripped it down a few inches, revealed a few hints of cleavage. "There ya go!, you got boobs so show em!", Angels eyes went wide, she was terrorized, she instantly covered her chest and screamed towards the crowd for help, all of them staring at her, without any response. Maya went to grab another piece of her shirt before Angel dodged and tried to run, only for the circle to grab and throw her back at Maya, who gabbed the sleeve of her shirt and ripped it off taking most of the shoulder with it, Angle now had her shoulder showing, with her pin bra strap on display, you can even see a few hints of side of her bra.

"NO!! PLEASE JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!" angel screamed out, only for Maya to push her into the crowd, "Hold her!" she yelled, as the crowd held her arms and legs.
"NO!!!!! LEAVE ME ALONE!!!" Angel's screamed were then muffled as a piece of her shirt was used to gag her, and tie her mouth shut. "That'll shut this bitch up, alright Chris, you've liked what you had seen so far huh?" Chris was in the middle just watching, he himself was a little scared to get close. "So Angel, I understand no boy has seen much of you, and that's just not fair, so let's have some fun, and introduce you to the world of sex"

Tears started to roll down angels eyes as Maya brought out a pair of scissors, "Normally girls wear less to flirt with other boys and girls in order to make them attracted to you, so let's start with that" Maya slowly started to cut upwards from Angels pants, as she screamed and screamed for Maya to stop, she gave Angel a pair of Short Shorts, Her but was very slightly showing as almost all of her legs were on display. Angel tried to scream though the gag and fight back but the crowds hands were holding her back, feeling her legs and arms and shoulder. "Shirts are normally more like this" As she ripped the shirt showing more of her slim mid section, as hands could feel her stomach, she then cut the other shoulder off, as her other bra strap and side came into view and extended the cleavage to show more of the bra before snapping one of the bra straps. "Much better". Angels tears started fall onto her chest, Maya Laughed

"Is the crowd enjoying our victom so far?! HAHAH!"

Angel couldn't stop crying, she tried to close her eyes and pray that everything would be alright in the end, her mother was right, I just have to believe in my god and everything will be ok, I know it will.

Just then It started to rain.

"Alright Chris Grab her and help me bring her to the middle, I want everyone to see what happens next" Chris hesitated, but slowly walked forward, he knew what he wanted and he would not stop now, it was to late to go back, all or nothing right here! or never. he and his sister grabbed her and threw her to the middle, she tried to run but Maya grabbed her and started to grope her. Maya's hand squeezed the blondes breast, over and over again as the other hand pushed over and over again on her coach. She had never been touched here by anybody, she didn't know she was feeling.

Angel was starting to get turned on, without even knowing what it felt like, she tried to fight it. Angel broke out of Maya's hands but Chris grabbed her shirt, and took half of it off with Chris holding onto a large piece of Angels shirt, with the other half still on her in shambles. She was shocked, as Maya then tackled her and started to Kiss her.

Angel was liking it more and more but couldn't admit it, she rolled off and tried to run but Maya grabbed her leg while Chris held her down pinning her on the grassy ground of the courtyard, Maya climbed ontop of her and started to unbutton her pants, as a slight shade of pink could be seen, more and more tears came from Angels face, as no one could hear her muffled screaming, as she could see the crowd just watching her.

Angel used her teeth and bit Chris's hand letting him go causing her to escape and pull up her shorts, which now showed her pink panties, as the coach was unbuttoned and unzipped. She tried to run within the circle, but Chris and Maya Cornered her. Maya yelled "Hold this bitch again!" as the crowd's hands grabbed her arms, legs and stomach, nobody had the gut's to touch anywhere else, and Maya walked up to her.

"Now Chris, this is how you please a lady"

Maya began to kiss Angel, making out with her, Angel tried to move her head as more and more tears fell from her eyes, and she screamed so much into her gag that her voice started to hurt. She didn't know what she was feeling, it was almost like Maya was controlling her hormones. Maya Ripped off the rest of Angel's shirt, as she kissed Angels neck and groped her bra clad breasts, as her other hand pushed Angels shorts downward, exposing her matching pink panties, and feeling her crotch, which was already a little wet. the crowd around her was completely shocked, that she might had been turned on this entire time.

"Ha.. oh now this is priceless, Chris I think it's time you do the honors"

Chris's eyes lit up, as if he was scared, but also ready, he's been waiting months to do this, it's only natural.. right?, maybe this is wrong?.

Either way!, It's either I do this now, or it'll never happen!, he thought to himself, as he walked forward, and place his hands onto Angel. 


Angel was being held against her will, in only her underwear. Nobody alive has ever seen this much of her, her white pale skin on show for everyone, with her left bra strap already being snipped. Her butt was on show to the entire crowd behind her as they admired what Maya has done to this girl.

As soon as Angel heard Maya call Chris over, she wanted to throw up, she wanted to escape, she felt degraded in so many ways that she just wanted to get away, but that was never an option.

Chris slowly and passionately put his hands on Angels bare waist, feeling her body, taking his time, with her. Even though he felt bad about what he was doing, he also knew that this was a once in a line time experience, anyone would take it.

His hands went up and started to play with her breasts, holding them, groping them slowly, as he started to grind against her body and kiss her on the neck. his hands felt her bare back before going lower and grabbing her Ass, shaking it, holding it, and enjoying the it. before having his other hand slowly start to play with her helpless virgin vagina, hidden behind her panties.

Angel turned away as she struggled against the crowd, she couldn't bare to watch him play with her body.

Maya yelled towards her brother, "You can go further then that!, don't be a bitch now! keep going!", the crowd cheered with her, peer pressuring Chris to do more and more with angels captive body.

He reached under her bra and felt her tiny nipples, while his other hand went and undid her bra. as the right strap fell from her shoulder and her cups fell to the ground, her B cup breasts were on show for the whole world.

Angel herself looked like she was in pain, her throat hurting from screaming so much, she was completely helpless, it's almost as if her god abandoned her, as she couldn't help but enjoy what was happening, even if she fought it.

Chris Began to Chris her breasts, before reaching his hands downward into the backside of her panties feeling her bear Ass, before putting his hands down her crotch and feeling her wet pussy. he rubbed her, over and over again going faster and faster before completely ripping her panties from her body, leaving her naked as the day she was born. as he continued to play with his new pet.

People around took out their phones to take pictures and videos of her, for either future blackmail or to show to their friends.

Angel couldn't help but become more and more aroused, her pussy was on fire.

Maya then decided to intervene.

"Alright Chris, you can stop for now"

"What do you mean Maya?"

"I mean I think it's time we let the crowd have some fun with her, with the amount of people she left behind because of sex, they deserve some revenge, and I have to run to the car for something but i'll be back in a few minutes, have fun guys"

Angel didn't have much time to think before a hand grabbed her breast, squeezing it, another one ran their hand up her leg before grabbing her ass, another grabbed her pussy before putting their finger into it, in and out, first it was just one, then two and three fingers were going in and out her soaking wet pussy. Another person started kissing her all over while others just felt her body and her soft bare skin. And finally someone put a finger right up her ass.

She was touched everywhere, for minutes before she came all over the crowd around her.

But they kept going and pushing her before Maya arrived with a large purple object in her hand

"It seems like she already Climaxed, well I think it's time we go double or nothing, this time without the gag so we can hear her Moan" 


Angel was thrown to the ground, she had no energy left. She had been completely degraded by her Ex, as well as a crowd of people she herself had abandoned, she laid there on the dirt, feeling lifeless.

Her entire world has been turned upside down. She liked the pleasure, but knew it was wrong. It's like an angel and a devil on her shoulder, both telling her what was right and what was wrong.

Just because it feels good does that mean it's right?. She just thought to her self while the crowd circled her, and Maya closed in.

"Spread her arms and legs, and hold her down tight, I'm gonna torture the fuck out of this bitch.." Maya said as she walked over to Angel on the ground.

A few people from the crowd walked over, and held Angel down, she couldn't even fight them anymore, she was just too emotionally damaged to even resist. As the crowd spread her legs like an eagle, Maya brought the purple object closer. It was an 8 inch dildo, with vibration, and Maya planned to stick all of it inside of Angel on this rainy afternoon.

Chris started to speak up, "Is this right?, I think we have gone a little too far"
Maya was a little annoyed "Are you kidding me?! you want to stop now?? we're so close!"
Chris then replied "She already came, this is practically Rape"
Maya looked down at the poor helpless girl, she obviously enjoyed everything else we did to her, so I'm sure nothing bad will come from this, Maya thought to herself.

In realty Maya was just taking advantage of her bother's situation, she thought to herself, she had never found another girl to like her back enough to have sex, and now she can have it with someone else, and this girl will obviously enjoy it, and never tell anybody, so there's no downside, and I gain from it.

Maya slowly got closer to Angel and started to Insert the first part of the Dildo.

It's almost like time froze, as Chris watched in terror, he didn't know what to do, it's what he wanted, really it was, but is this the way to do it? he already got more then he expected, this is just out of line, but it's his sister, he can't argue with her. Especially when he asked her to do this from the start.

This was all Chris's fault

he looked at Angel, naked on the ground and spread out. about to loose her virginity, her eyes didn't have any more tears, just starting at the crowd, at Maya, At him, as if she was asking for help

The Dildo started to go into her

But then almost in a flash Chris stomps his foot on the dildo and onto his own sisters hands, causing her to let it go, before he himself grabs it and throws it at the crowd

"BACK THE FUCK OFF" Chris yelled towards everybody around him.
"Chris what the FUC-" Maya was cut off by Chris
"WE GOT WHAT WE WANTED, this is just fucking overkill, if anyone of you touch this girl one more time I'll fucking beat your ass"

Chris has never fraught anyone, in fact this whole crowd to just smack him aside and go forward, but they didn't

"Don't you all see, this is just too far, as much as it'll please us she's human too. We got what we wanted, and more, all of you leave NOW.

Maya yelled out "Chris look what she did to you, WHAT SHE DID TO EVERYONE HERE!! THIS BITCH NEEDS TO PAY WITH DICK"

Chris took a deep breath looked at Maya, and looked back at the crowd.

"She did nothing, She only really did what she believed was right just like all of us did, expect we took things too far and almost ruined this girls life, if we haven't already."

Chris was right, and everyone knew that, the crowd slowly released Angel, who stood up and covered herself with her hands. Chris threw her his Jacket, before slowly walking away with the crowd, as he knew he was just as bad as they were.

Chris looked back to see Angel just staring at him... not saying anything, just staring.

Chris then left and went home with his sister, while Angel got an Uber, and got home before her mom, she never spoke about what happened, but she did slowly get a turn on for woman, as Maya was the person who made her wet in the first place.

Angel learned she just never wanted sex with guy's, but even she couldn't feel attracted to girls, but never admitted because of her God, maybe she'll be picked on again someday, who knows.


Angel was thrown to the ground, she had no energy left. She had been completely degraded by her Ex, as well as a crowd of people she herself had abandoned, she laid there on the dirt, feeling lifeless.

Her entire world has been turned upside down. She liked the pleasure, but knew it was wrong. It's like an angel and a devil on her shoulder, both telling her what was right and what was wrong.

Just because it feels good does that mean it's right?. She just thought to her self while the crowd circled her, and Maya closed in.

"Spread her arms and legs, and hold her down tight, I'm gonna torture the fuck out of this bitch.." Maya said as she walked over to Angel on the ground.

A few people from the crowd walked over, and held Angel down, she couldn't even fight them anymore, she was just too emotionally damaged to even resist. As the crowd spread her legs like an eagle, Maya brought the purple object closer. It was an 8 inch dildo, with vibration, and Maya planned to stick all of it inside of Angel on this rainy afternoon.

Her pussy was glistening from coming to an orgasm a few minutes ago, some of the crowd even spread her lips for everyone in the audience to get a better view, before the tip of the object was slightly pressed inside of her.

She couldn't help but moan, as she 2 inches were put in and out of her, just fucking and teasing her with the tip, before going deeper, the Dildo itself spread her pussy more and more, even though her pussy was wet it was just so tight, it practically hugged the purple object that was penetrating her, even if it was only 4 inches inside.

"OHHH! OH! MY GOD!" Angle yelled out, she's never felt this much pleasure before.

The crowd started feeling her up, hands covered every inch of her body, her tits were pinched and kissed as her breasts were groped, the dildo kept going in and out, Maya even hit the vibration button, shoving the dildo completely into her, 8 inches and all.

"OOOOOOOOOH MY GOD!! I'M CUMMING" Angle yelled out again while she came to another orgasm and squirted all over the dildo and the audience around her, but they kept going, the 8 inch dildo vibrated inside Angels shining spread out pussy. While at the same time the students in the crowd started to unbuckle their belts and getting their cocks out, most of them jerking off while others started to put there dicks into Angels mouth, practically face fucking her, she didn't even have the will to resist.

"C'mon guys keep comin! have all the fun you like!" Maya yelled out, as more and more students came closing in on Angel.

It didn't take long for the crowd to reach their climax, Angel was covered from head to toe in seamen, and eventually the crowd let go of her, only for her to fall limp onto the grass covered ground. She had organised so many times by now she was on the brink of passing out, she rolled onto her stomach, and tried to crawl away, only for Maya to walk up and lay on top of her.

"We're almost done now sweatie, I just wanna make the most out of this"

Almost instantly Maya shoved the 8 inch dildo completely into Angels ass.

"AHHHHHHH!!" Angel yelled out in pain, as Maya started to fuck her over and over again, her tight little Asshole expanded forcefully, as it was almost pried open, the Dildo itself was wet from Angels pussy juices, but her Ass was even tighter then her pussy. Maya kept smashing Angel over and over again with the dildo, before shoving all 8 inches inside, turning on vibration, and leaving it inside her, before Maya walked away for a few seconds to grab another item

"GET IT THE FUCK OUT!!!" Angel kept screaming, as Maya walked back, and flipped her onto her back, Angel looked up to see Maya wearing an 10 inch strap on.

"Like I said, I am, going to, fuck the shit, out of, this.. bitch", Maya forcefully slammed all 10 inches into her at once, with the giant dildo in her backside, and another in her Pussy, she was going to scream for help only for Maya to cover her mouth, while at the same time foundling her left breast.

Angel came to the best orgasm of her life, only to pass out afterwords, the entire crowd left her there, Chris did text her mother to pick her up in the courtyard when everything was finished, a half an hour passed and Angel was found wearing what was left of her bra, panties and now shorts.

"Angel what happened here?!?" her mom asked

"I don't know... But I think I liked it" She replied. 


