Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues 
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: I need a secretary to manage….
Warning: Alcohol
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Rufus and Tseng
POV: Rufus

SCHEDULE

~what is that annoying tapping? ~

Rufus raised his head from the arms that he was using as pillows. He looked to see a very angry-looking Tseng glaring down at him. "Did you forget your schedule for the day?" Tseng's finger was tapping on his desk.

"My schedule is right here," he mumbled as he pulled the crumpled piece of paper that was slightly damp from where he had been drooling during his nap.

"It is ten in the morning," Tseng said curtly and looking at the glass which was containing a clear liquid sitting near his hand. Rufus knew he was going to get another lecture soon. "We have to be in the science department. You need to be well enough for that." Tseng…

~always taking care of me~

…had a cup of coffee in his other hand and placed it in his. He smiled up at his frowning guardian.

"Will you be able to handle the smells?" Tseng asked, moving to remove the glass and taking a sniff from it. He frowned heavily. "Or has this killed your sense of smell?"

Rufus took a sip of the coffee and was very grateful that Tseng always made the perfect cup. "I will be fine."

"Did your secretary not give you this early enough for you to prepare accordingly?" Tseng said, dumping the contents of the cup down the sink in the small bar that he had in his office.

Normally he would have been upset at his drinks being disposed of in a sink, but he was aware that it was only melted ice.

~wouldn't want to waste my good gin~

"She gave me the schedule," he said. She had made sure that he had a cup of coffee –which he had promptly dumped down the sink – and his schedule when he arrived in the morning.

"Do I have to leave instructions for you when it is appropriate to drink?" Tseng said curtly again.

He sighed.

~here comes the lecture~

"It was only one," Rufus stated. He left out the fact that he hadn't stopped drinking from the night before.

"That is one too many," Tseng said firmly and stood with his arms crossed.

Rufus didn't want to hear the rest of the usual speech. "I do not need a secretary to manage my drinking schedule," Rufus said, taking a sip from the coffee. He wished that Tseng would turn around so he could add some of the Baileys he had in his desk. "You do a well enough job of that."

He saw the tension along Tseng's shoulders and his controlled breathing. He waited for the lecture to start but it did not come this time. "I will ensure that it is noted when I need your attention and your limits before meetings, if that is what you require."

"You do that," Rufus responded.

"You have half-an-hour before we are required. Finish your coffee and I will return to escort you," Tseng said and grabbed a bottle from his cupboard and frowned. Rufus hated that Tseng checked all the contents of them on a regular basis.

~so what if I mixed it strong?~

"Make sure you get the drool off your chin," Tseng said leaving, taking the bottle with him as he walked out the door.

I need a secretary to manage my drinking schedule.- inspirational text

Rufus angstage.