http://www.asstr.org/~Jonathon9/


How about a blast from my past?

   I'm down south for a week of golf.  One night we end up in a place
called the Crazy Pony.  A few girls come on stage and start the show.

   The oldest was a brunette about twenty five years-old, pretty face, a
petite athletic figure, wearing a halter style black leather top and very
brief black leather bottoms with silver studs.  After a few minutes of
gyrating she removes her top exposing a chest that made both my heads
instantly respond with sexual desire.  She had gorgeous puffy bright
pinkish nipples, nothing more.  I could not take my eyes off her.

   After the show the girls worked the audience offering lap dances.  This
babe headed straight for me and employing her best southern charm
commented, "I'm flattered by the way you admired my dancing.  Most guys
like the girls with big chests.  But not you.  You're into girls with tiny
chests like mine, aren't you?"

   Noticing I was embarrassed by her comments, she leaned closer and
whispered, "Aren't you cute?  There is no need to be embarrassed.  I know
all about men like you," offering a wink.

   When I blushed some more she knew I was putty in her hands, sweetly
asking if I wanted to see her pretty puffy nipples again, suggesting I
could have a private dance for $25.00.  [this was some time ago]

   After a few beers did I really have a choice?

   I asked for her name and she replied it really is not important.  I
remember chuckling to myself, "Great I'm with the no name girl."

   She leads me to a dimly lit room with a couch, end tables and a cassette
player, mentioning in a lil girl voice that made me melt, "For $75 more you
can touch my pretty little girl nipples and more if you want."

   I had never paid for sex before that night and I have not since that
night.  I ended up spending $150 for 30 minutes with an exhibitionist young
woman who loved play acting for guys into little girls with small chests.

   She made me cum twice starting with a strip tease that caused a
discernible bulge in my golf shorts as I sat back on the couch enjoying her
athletic frame and puffy nipples.

   "You like staring at my flat little girl chest and my big puffy nipples,
don't you mister?" she grinned, staring at the bulge in my shorts that I
had no intention of hiding from her.

   "Mister, if you want, you can take it out and play with it while you
watch me fondle my nipples.  I know that's what men like you enjoy, isn't
it?  You like showing your hard cock to little girls like me and playing
with it while we watch.  Isn't that right, mister?" her southern accent
numbing my mind.

   At this point I was nearly out of my mind.  Somehow this woman got
inside my head, found my buttons and is joyfully pounding them to humiliate
and arouse me.

   She smiled as I pushed my shorts down to my ankles, exposing my leaking
hard-on to the Siren Stripper.

   Kneeling between my legs she said she could tell I was one of "those"
men when she watched me stare at her chest while she danced.  Again she
mentioned "I know all about men like you, mister."

   Then she pressed close to me, rubbing her chest against my cock,
suggesting, "You like my little girl nipples rubbing against your hard cock
don't you mister?  Admit it, I am turning you on aren't I mister?" she
teased.

   Her words were making me feel a bit uncomfortable so offered her a smile
and nod.

   "Look at my chest, mister.  Tell me how old I look to you?  You need to
tell me if you want to cum, mister.  Tell me how old I am!" she gently
insisted.

   Honestly, I was mortified beyond belief that she wanted me to answer her
- and more turned on than ever before in my entire life at the prospect of
honestly answering her.  I had never revealed to anyone my attractions to
young ones.  And here is a grown woman I'd never met insisting I reveal
that I am a little girl admirer.  At that moment I realized I had no
choice, I had to answer her question, I needed to share my secret.

   She grinned when I bashfully replied she looked about ten year-old, and
then she asked, "Tell me Mr.  Pervert, how often do you fantasize about
beating off in front of a ten year-old girl?"

   Feeling like a total perv I looked her in the eye, smiled and replied,
"All the time."

   I can't tell you how weird and exhilarating that moment felt.  I was
admitting to another person that I have a attraction to little girls..and
best of all...the woman I am revealing my most guarded secret to is
obviously becoming aroused by my taboo admissions.

   Hearing my reply, she backed away, using both hands she began tugging
her gorgeous nipples, licking her lips and pleading, "Please mister, I just
turned ten years-old and I never watched a grown man play with himself. 
Would you do that for me?  Please!,"

   This woman was totally into messing with my head and loving every moment
of it.  She knew she was a little girl totally in charge of a man who was
helpless to resist her charms.

   Frankly, I was even more turned on knowing she became aroused by the
power she held over me, as well as her desire to wield it.

   I was excited knowing this woman is the only person in the world who
knows about my thing for little girls, and she getting off on it.  She is
exploiting her new found knowledge for her own gratification by teasing and
taunting me.

   She knelt back on her calves, offering pretty smiles and touching
herself, watching as I slowly stroked my erection.

   "Have you ever played with it in front of a ten year-old girl before,
mister?"

   "I'll bet I am not the first little girl you showed your penis to, am I
mister?"

   "My mommy told me all about men who like little girls.  She said they
are perverts who like to rub their penises thinking about having sex with
pretty little girls like me, and I should stay away from men like that."

   "Are you a pervert, mister?  That sounds kinda scary and exciting. 
Especially to an innocent little girl like me" she smiled toying with her
nipples.

   It no longer mattered that she was a beauty with an adorable flat chest
kneeling in front of me.  Her barrage of comments and questions were
arousing me and melting my mind more than anything.

   Though in all honesty I was thoroughly turned on by the way she used
words to cast a spell over me, her soft sensual insistent and teasing tone,
witnessing the pleasure she obviously derived from outing and teasing me
about my attraction to little girls.  Honestly <blushing> I loved that she
was turned on by teasing me.

   My guy was glistening with precum, wanting to release.  Siren moved
closer, "Do you want to touch my pretty puffy nipples while you beat off,
mister?  Isn't that what men like you dream about when you masturbate? 
Fondling pretty little girls like me?"

   Her last comment put me over the top.  Semen started spurting all over
my polo shirt,, belly and thighs as I flailed away for her enjoyment.  This
orgasm wasn't for me, it was for the naughty little girl kneeling between
my legs, watching and giggling as I came.

   "Gee mister, that was fun but you made a gooey mess all over.  Would you
like for me to clean it up?  Has a little girl ever used a hankie to wipe
sperm from your tummy?" she snickered, reaching for the box of tissues on
the table next to the couch.

   This woman was one of a kind.  She turned me on beyond belief, and at
the same time made me feel like a dirty, filthy pervert.  If I did not have
a fiance I would have begged her to marry me.

   As she wiped me clean she dipped a finger into a pool of sperm that
collected on my belly and brought it to her lips, tasting me.

   "Hmm, you taste real sweet, mister.  Has a ten year-old girl ever told
you she likes the taste of your sperm?" she giggled.

   Her words continued to arouse, shame and excite me.  She was like an
aphrodisiac, keeping me aroused and wanting more of her charms.

   "Wow mister, you are still hard.  Is that because of me?  You really
like little girls like me, doncha, mister?" she smiled, touching an index
finger on her lower lip, acting cutesy.

   "What makes you think that, little girl?" I grinned.

   "I like you, mister," she remarked with a broad smile.  "I want to see
you squirt one more time before you leave.  Will you do that for me,
mister?" she inquired, using her large dark eyes as weapons against me.

   My reply was a soft moan as Siren grasp my erection and began stroking
me with her thumb and two forefingers.

   "I'll bet you never had a ten year-old girl touch your penis before,
have you mister?"

   "It turns you on that I am only ten, doesn't it, mister?"

   "Suppose I told you I lied and that I am really nine?  Would that make
you harder?" she whispered.

   "Damn, you are so fucking hot and nasty.  You love being wicked with me,
don't you?" I whispered back.

   Laughing, she replied, "There is nothing that gives me more pleasure
than teasing and shaming men like you.  Should I continue to pleasure
myself or are you ready to leave?"

   This woman was incredibly adept at producing tingles of shame that
pleasured my entire body, as well as my mind.  I was not about to deny her
pleasure.

   "You know I am not going anywhere.  After all, you said you know all
about men like me...men with a weakness for flat chested, pretty little
girls with pink puffy nipples," I admitted.

   My mind was experiencing exhilaration and shame as I made this
admission. I always believed I would never share with anyone my shameful
secret about my attraction to grade school girls.  Yet when I did I felt
relief, like a weight was lifted from my shoulders.

   "Honestly Miss Noname, I have no intention of depriving the hottest
little girl I know, of one moment of pleasure.  Honestly you are the only
person in the world who knows my special secret.  I cannot begin to explain
how good it makes me feel to share it with you.  And it really helps that
you are an incredibly beautiful little girl with a delightfully sexy chest
and gorgeous smile," I sincerely offered.

   She tightened her grasp, massaging my grateful buddy with her hand, "My
name is Lisa.  I told you I know ALL about men like you.  Men who lust for
young girls.  I was nine when I gave my first blow job and I loved it.  I
loved learning about the power females hold over weak perverted men like
you," she grinned.

   "I know your needs, wants and desires, I know your hunger to seduce a
little girl and make her your sex slave.  I know about your nasty fantasies
of creating a harem filled with little girls trained to bring you pleasure.
Or maybe you have much darker fantasies?" she questioned with an evil
smile.

   "Lisa, you are a very wicked little girl," was all my lust clouded mind
could think of as a reply to her insightful comments.

   Lisa took hold of my hand, brought it to her chest, "Which pretty little
girl nipple would you like to fondle first, mister?  I like feeling a man's
fingers pinching and tugging them.  Would you do that for me while I rub
your penis?"

   "You're such a naughty girl, Lisa," I replied, while enjoying the
pleasure of tweaking her left nipple between my thumb and forefinger.

   "Squeeze and tug it, don't be gentle," she pleaded in a kitten voice. 
"Touch me, make me feel like a naughty little girl, mister."

   "Actually Lisa, you are a very dirty little girl.  A dirty little girl
who likes teasing men with her puffy nipples, and then teasing them for
wanting to look at your little girl nipples.  You're a dirty, nasty girl
for using men like me to get your rocks off."

   The expression on her face told me she enjoyed being shamed so I
continued, "Lisa I do not know any good girls who use their sexy bodies to
entice men into jacking off for them, do you?"

   Lisa replied, "I love making perverted men squirm for me.  Exposing your
perverted thoughts and using them to arouse you excites the hell out of
me."

   "Are you ready to cum one more time for your little girl, mister?  Do
you want to blast your load across my tiny chest and cover my pretty
nipples with your sweet cream?" enticed the Siren.

   All while we played our head games, she kept a tight grip on my buddy. I
was working at holding back and enjoying these moments for as long as
possible, though listening to her sweet country voice whisper naughty words
brought me to the edge.

   Lisa relentlessly pumped away, milking a second load that was just as
copious as the first, only more intense.

   As I regained my senses Lisa chuckled, "I'll bet when you walked through
the front door you never expected a little girl would be making you cum
twice tonight, did you mister?"

   "Lisa, thank you for thrilling me like no one has before, nor probably
ever will again.  You are a special lady."

   "You were a lot of fun, mister.  I hope to see you again.  But right now
I have to get ready for the next show.  Toodles."

   To this day I still masturbate thinking about those 30 minutes of my
life.  
