Dressed to Tease
by ArtDe ©

I woke up this perfect morning after a night to remember. I look out the 
window to see how beautiful Vancouver looked at this hour and our great 
view of the Bay. I made coffee before I popped into the bathroom for a pee 
and a shower. I walked out just as Jean was waking up, she held out her 
arms for a good morning hug and kiss. I love it when she's warm and fuzzy 
in the morning. Jean smelled the coffee and said thank you for doing that. 
She stumbled into the bathroom and I turned on the TV, jumped around the 
channels until I found a silly show. 

Jean came out and poured us both a coffee and sat next to me. I asked what 
we were doing and she said that Halley and I planed to go shopping this 
morning and you men are coming with us. I asked her if she thought about 
last night and she said yes, I thought about it a lot. Well! Tell me what 
you were thinking, don't keep me sitting here in suspense. It was very 
interesting and I keep thinking was it wrong but I keep getting wet as my 
mind wonders about all of the different happenings. I am not sure if it 
will happen again and I said why? Jean said it was because we were all 
under the influence of that strong rum drink and a little spontaneous. 
I'll bet Halley and Jim is having the same conversation. I believe we will 
all talk about this over breakfast. Breakfast? Yes, we are meeting them at 
the restaurant at 9. Well you women sure have made a lot of sneaky plans. 

We drank our coffees and got dressed I put on a jersey, shorts and my boat 
shoes. Jean came out of the bathroom wearing one of her new sundresses. 
WOW! I said you are so beautiful in that dress. It was a pretty colorful 
reddish pink with a soft pattern. It came about 6" to 8" above the knees, 
the under arms were cut low. She looked so hot in it. I told her how much 
I liked her in that dress and she said she heard it was going to be very 
warm today and wanted to be comfortable. We went down to the lobby and 
asked the concierge were he was going to recommend us to go shopping 
today. He said he has the perfect area for us with lots of stores, 
gallery's and restaurants. He gave us a map and circled it for us. He said 
we could easily walk to it. 

We went into the restaurant and saw Halley and Jim waving to us. They were 
so excited to see us and gave us both a big hug. They said it was all paid 
for and we got us the breakfast buffet. 

We said "thank you" and all got in line for food. We sat down, a little 
quietly at first then Halley spoke first. 

She said, "that Jim and I had to say", "We had a wonderful time last 
night". God, I was so relieve to hear this because I had no idea what they 
were going to say. 

They said it was the first time they ever done anything like that, 
actually they said, "they never even thought about doing anything like 
that" and Jean said, "Neither have we", it was our first time as well. 

Jean said, "We loved it and was looking forward to our shopping 
adventure". Jean told Halley about the map showing a new shopping area to 
explore, recommended by the concierge. 

Halley was wearing a short jean skirt and a half shirt with clogs. She 
looked so sexy yet very classy. We finished breakfast and left for our 
recommend area. As we walked we talked about how beautiful our hotel was 
and how friendly everyone has been. There is something romantic about this 
city that we all enjoyed. We walked by a café' and the smell of coffee 
smelled so good we all got one to walk with. I spotted an art/antiques 
gallery and said I wanted to check it out. The two women said they would 
go across the street sit on the steps have a talk and drink their coffees. 
Jim and I look around the gallery for a while and walked across the street 
to the women and we were shocked by what we both saw. The women were 
sitting I would say the fifth step up with their knees together talking 
and sipping away not realizing they are not wearing underwear and 
displaying all for the world to see. They had no idea they were so 
exposed. I look at Jim and he looked at me and said I am not going to tell 
them are you and he said no way! The streets were rather busy so I knew we 
weren't the only ones that noticed. We both chuckled and helped the women 
down. 

We walked slowly checking out all of the stores, talking with lots of 
flirting by all. I spotted Jim sliding his fingers up the back of Jeans 
dress and sneaking a feel of her bare tush. Jean had a nice smile on her 
face when she looked at me. We came to an up-scale women's clothing store 
in an old brick building. It was very inviting so we all wondered in. The 
woman got excited with so many wonderful choices. We looked around for 
over a half an hour. The women look at all the clothes on the racks and we 
looked at the clothes on all the women in the store. Jim and I didn't mind 
how many beautiful women there was everywhere and watching our two sexy 
women wasn't so bad ether. I couldn't help but notice when Halley reached 
up to get a jersey on a high shelve I saw the bottom of her beautiful 
breast and her soft pink nipples. Two women working there saw her also 
then looked at us with a smile. 

The women said, "come with us" we want to try these things on. There were 
seats close to the changing rooms. The women took turns putting on a show 
for us. The show was rather arousing for me and I know for Jim as well 
because he couldn't stand up. The women were so brave this time because we 
were the only men in the store, except one that the women didn't that had 
come in while they were changing. I watched him get a show of his life. He 
was wearing a shit-eating grin. Jean called for me to come in and help her 
with a hook. I went into the changing room. 

She was just sitting there, half naked and said, "Come over here". She 
unzipped my pants slid my hard penis out, put her lips around it and 
sucked until it got even harder. She said sit down and she straddle me, 
then slid my penis into her very wet slippery vagina. 

She said, "She has been dying to do this". It felt so dangerous as she 
moved up and down, yet a real turn on. I got nervous as I heard the door 
slowly open, I saw it was Halley, she walked over to us and slid her hand 
under my butt and softly fondled my balls and her other hand slide softly 
across Jean soft warm breast and nipples. This put both of us over the 
edge and we both came. 

I stood up and Halley asked, "If she was of any help with a silly smirk on 
her face?" Halley then got on her knees and licked my penis clean, then 
moved over to Jean and also licked her clean and sucking some of my cum 
from Jeans vagina, got up and walked out. Halley went over to Jim and gave 
him a kiss dripping our sex juices into his mouth. 

Halley said, "Guess what Art and Jean were up to?" Jim smiled and said, 
"You are driving me crazy Halley". Halley, I have never seen you like 
this, please don't ever change back. 

We got decent and went out to join Jim and Halley. I said to Jim, "Guess 
what just happen?" 

Jim said, "yes" "I know, Jean showed me". The women made a couple of 
purchases. 

As we walked out and went by the man with that had the great view and I 
said to him "you missed the best part", I told him. "I now have rubber 
legs". He smiled and said, "He wishes it were him". 

We left that store, walked in and out of several more stores having many 
laughs and shocking poor innocent shoppers. I became aroused again in no 
time, like a cat in heat. I was walking behind Halley and couldn't help 
smelling her Dream Angles by Victoria's Secret; it was such a turn on. 

I said to everyone, "I think it's time for lunch", they all agreed. We 
found a nice quiet café, went inside and a beautiful maitre d' escorted us 
to a booth. As she bent over to hand out the menus we got a view of her 
soft white uncovered breast. She was totally unaffected by this and asked 
what would we like to drink. 

She walked away the same time both women said, "wow" "she was brave". 

Jean said, "I guess we should invite her to go shopping with us and we all 
laughed". Our waitress came over to take our orders and she was also young 
and very sexy also not wearing a bra with a slightly sheer jersey. We sat 
with the men inside and woman outside the booth. As we talked I noticed a 
couple sitting at a table opposite of Jean. He was facing her and kept 
looking at her. I guess it was because she is so pretty. Before our 
sandwiches came I said I had to go to the men's room. I got up walked past 
the starring man as I went to the bathroom. As I returned I walked past 
the same man again, that's when I saw why he was looking at Jean. I could 
easily see her bushy vagina and pink lips, it was such a sexy a view and 
turn on because she had no idea she was on display. 

I also noticed the people in the back also watching us because they had a 
perfect view of Jeans opening in her dress under her arm when she leaned 
forward with her elbows on the table to talk to Halley. Her dress arms 
were cut low exposing her from the sides. I also assume they could see up 
Halley's dress if she was sitting just right. That was an unbelievable 
turn-on for me because our women had no idea what's-so-ever. The man 
looked at me with a red face and I gave him a thumb up, he smiled and went 
back to his sight seeing. We finished our food left a very handsome tip 
walked past the couple and I pat him on the back. I heard his wife say, 
"Do you know him?" He said no his wife look familiar, with a grin! 

We went out of the café and talked about what was next. The women said for 
us men to go back to hotel and take a well-deserved nap and we will 
continue our shopping. Jim and I did not argue and walk back to our hotel.

I said to Jim "I think the women wanted got rid of us because they seem to 
be up to something" and he said, "he thought so too but really wanted a 
nap". Well Jim, I know we will find out tonight, right? 

We went to our rooms; I took a nice warm bath in the hot tub, which put me 
even in more of a nap mood. I lied down on the bed naked fell directly 
into a deep sleep. I woke up with a set of wet lips sucking on my penis, 
oh God! I have always wanted to be woken like this. It's even better then 
I fantasized. Jean was naked and clean from her hot tub bath. I grew very 
hard very fast and moved around placing my lips on her drenched vagina 
lips. 

I was able to say, (as I drank and sucked from her lips?" 

I asked Jean, "what made her so wet?" She said, "I will find out later". 
We made wonderful love for over an hour. I gave her a royal orgasm, the 
kind that can only happen after a morning of naughtiness. She moved her 
lips down to my vagina juice covered penis and sucked it until I came all 
over her lips face and in her mouth. 

She then gave me a wet kiss and said, "Lets take a shower together". Jean 
believes strongly, that it's very important to share everything to do with 
lovemaking, fluids and all. 

It's almost time to meet Jim and Halley at the bar. I asked, "Where are we 
going?" 

Jean said "A four star restaurant that was highly recommended by the 
concierge". Jean said, "We must dress nicely". I wore a light purple Polo 
Oxford shirt and a dark blue blazer and beige chinos, no tie! 

Jean put on her long black dress with the very low cutout back. "Oh my 
God" I said, "are you wearing that?" Jean said, "Yes!" "Is there something 
wrong?" 

I said, "no, it just I am getting so turned on again and I have already 
cum three times today". 

Jean, "You are making me feel like a teenager in heat". We left our room 
got on the elevator that was well lit. There was another couple going 
down. I noticed them sneaking looks at Jean. I looked to see if something 
was wrong and I noticed in strong light her dress was slightly sheer. I 
know she would be self-conscience if she knew this. Oh God! It was so 
erotic seeing the out line of her sexy naked body through the dress! I am 
not going to tell her. 

As we left the elevator the couple said, "Have a nice evening with a very 
nice smile". Jean said, "Those people were very friendly!" I said, "Yes, 
"they seem to be!"

We joined Halley and Jim at the bar. 

Halley stood up to give us a warm hug and "My God" she was also very hot. 
She was wearing a long dark purple silk pants suit outfit with the lowest 
cut front I have ever seen, not to mention the openings along the loosely 
flowing legs that went up almost to her hips. The cuffs were tied 
together. When she sat down her whole smooth soft legs were exposed and 
Halley made no attempt to cover them up. Everything about her was 
beautiful and sexy. Jean and Halley looked and smelled in a way that turns 
men into mushy animals. 

I said to Jim, "We are two of the luckiest men alive especially tonight". 

Jim smiled and said he is going to have trouble standing and at that 
moment Jeans softly reached over and rubbed his bulge and said, "Don't 
worry Jim we will fix that later". Halley smiled at Jean and I spotted 
Jackey with a slight grin. 

Jackey the bar tender asked us what were going to have and Halley said, "I 
think we needed to get going now but we will be back later". 

Jackey said, "You all looks so delicious, I wish I was going with you". 

Jean said, "Thank you, we will stop back for a night cap". 

Jackey said, "Perfect, the drinks will be on me". I had little trouble 
looking at Jackey because I was just having a wild fantasy about her. She 
seems to always wear a low cut top that shows us lots of cleavage when she 
bends over. She has beautiful milky white breast about 34B, I believe she 
has a very nice mouth full size. I know that Jackey knows we all stare at 
her but she is the type that doesn't seem to mind at all. 

We left our usual handsome tip even though we didn't get anything this 
time. We walked to the restaurant because it was only three blocks away. 
We entered a very nice dimly lit room filled with a soft sound of 
chitter-chatter and soft music in the background. Walked up to the 
well-dressed maitre d' standing in front of his podium with a soft light 
over the reservation book. 

He asked, "If we had a reservation" and I said, "Yes and gave him my 
name." He said, "Please follow me". As we walked through the dinning room, 
I could feel people watching us. I love the show Jean and Halley were 
putting on. We had a nice table in a dimly lit corner, which was as 
private as you can get in a large room filled with people. 

Our waiter asked us, "If we would like cocktails from the bar?" Halley 
ordered a gin and tonic, Jean asked for rum and coke, I order a glass of 
fine red wine, (I believe life is to short to drink cheap wine) and Jim 
got a 12-year-old Scotch on the rocks with splash water with a twist. We 
all talked about how nice the ambience was as we looked over the menu. The 
drinks arrived and we all toasted to a wonderful sexy two days and to new 
friends. 

We had a meal to remember, paid the bill, slowly walked past our hormonal 
aroused audience, loving every minute of it. We walk through the streets 
for a while in the warm soft clean air of the night. You know the type of 
air that rejuvenates you, makes you feel young and alive! 

We walked the softly lit streets for a while to work off our meal and then 
we meandered our way back to the hotel. We stopped at the bar for our 
complimentary nightcap. Jackey made us all her famous Strawberry rum 
drinks without asking what we wanted. She handed them to us with a warm 
smile. 

Jackey said, "Drink slowly". She said, "She didn't want to be responsible 
for what might happen later". We all looked at each another, thinking how 
does she know. 

The last couple left and Jackey came over for a visit. 

I asked Jackey, "What made you say that to us?" 

She said, "Well I have worked here long enough to know what goes on and 
plus the servants all gossip in the kitchen." You are referred to as "The 
hot couples". Jackey also had to say, "I am a little jealous". 

I said, "I think I can speak for all of us, we all have enjoyed you as 
well and maybe sometime before our vacation is over you could sit and have 
a drink with us and maybe dinner too?" 

Jackey said, "Really?" Yes! 

If you want, we will tell you all about our naughty shopping adventures. 
Jackey said, "Well! 

I happen to be off tomorrow" and we looked at each another and said, "We 
have a plan, right?" We all nodded enthusiastically. We will all meet here 
at 6:30 for a drink and we will all go out to dinner if you can join us 
Jackey? 

Jackey said, "Yes"! I asked Jackey if she was married and she said no but 
has a long time man friend. I asked if it would be all right if he comes 
and we all said, "of course?" 

I said to Jackey, "and this will be our treat". Jackey smiled and said, 
"We made her day". We all slowly sipped on the powerful drinks said good 
night to Jackey and headed or I should say, staggered up to our room. We 
were all so touchy, feely in the elevator and giggling all the way. I love 
the look on the man face behind us. He never expected a ride like that. We 
all stepped out of the elevator and Halley turned around and quickly 
before the door closed and pulled her top apart flashing her breast to the 
man. The look on his face was priceless. 

We giggled like kids all the way to our room. I opened the door then 
walked over to the wingback and dropped. 

Jean said, "No, no you don't!" Halley and I have plans for you two. Jean 
walked over to a bag on the table. She took out two black blindfolds. Jean 
said, "Now both of you men stand over here and don't say a word". We 
obeyed! 

Halley and Jean put the blindfolds on us fairly tight and asked, "Can you 
see?" Jim said, "No" and I said, "not at all". They slowly undressed us, 
then once completely naked they moved us so we were back to back. One of 
them pushes us together so we were touching. I could feel Jim's nakedness. 
I could hear the bag rustling again, now I can feel soft ropes being 
wrapped around me, first the ankles, then above the knees, then my waste 
with my hands inside and last around my arms above the elbows. The rope 
was tied firm but not uncomfortable, it felt soft. 

I started to say something and a hand covered my mouth and it was Halley 
saying, "Do not speak until we say so". She was very firm with me. I 
couldn't help wonder what Jim was thinking; we were naked against each 
another. 

I am now feeling small kisses and very light finger touches around my feet 
and legs, it's a strange but a sensual feeling. She (which woman, I don't 
know) was now moving slowly up my legs and kissing around my penis area to 
my belly, then chest, all over my face and ears. I don't know about Jim 
but I am damn hard. I am getting kiss and touched all over my chest, arms 
and neck, everywhere! I still can't tell who is kissing me. I think they 
are both wearing the same perfume. They planed this well! Now I can feel 
another set of lips and hands exploring me. One is kissing my face and 
neck the other is working her way up my legs and belly. Now they both have 
moved to both of my hips and slowly heading to my rock hard penis. I can 
feel pre-cum dripping. Oh God! I now have a mouth on each side of my 
penis. Going back a forth all so slowly. Wet lips, tongue, finger the 
works! One slides their mouth over my penis then another, takes her turn. 
I am so close to cumming and then they stop! 

I now feel no one but I can hear them attacking Jim. Jim is moaning, I 
think he is also so turned on. Jim is a man of few words but I have 
learned to read his facial expressions and his noises. Jim is a very happy 
man! 

I can only hear and fantasize what they are doing to Jim. They stop doing 
what they were doing to Jim. They untie our ankles and guild us to the 
bed. They carefully lied us down on the bed on our sides. I feel a mouth 
on my penis and I have been given a vagina to suck on. I know its Halley 
because it's naked and very wet. I can't help but notice is smells and 
taste like Jean; maybe they were doing things to each another? 




Then she stops and I get Jean and she then places her lips on my penis and 
slides her vagina over to my mouth, and "what the hell?" This one is naked 
too and I am almost sure they switched places. I am now confused! It 
smells and taste like Halley. I lick as if there was no tomorrow and give 
whom ever an earth shattering orgasms. I can feel my penis starting to 
swell and that inner feeling a man gets when your hormones take over. I 
exploded my cum into a very wet welcoming sucking mouth. I hear what 
sounds like Halley's voice moaning to a trembling orgasm. We all lie still 
for a while embraced. Halley and Jean roll us over so I am facing down on 
the bed with Jim on top of me. 

Jean asks me, "Is Jim to heavy? I said, "No, not yet!" Now Jean stands 
over Jim and lowers her wet vagina down on to Jim's very erect penis. She 
slides up and down on Jim until he really explodes in side of her. Jean 
lifts off Jim and I can hear her lick him clean (Jean is very neat). They 
remove our blindfolds and I am shocked to find Jean's vagina naked. 

I say to Jean, "So that's why I couldn't tell whom I was licking, you two 
are so tricky!" Jean said they found a beauty Salon that did laser hair 
removal and they took me right away. Then Halley and I found a sex shop 
where we bought the blindfolds and silk ropes. 

We all got in the hot tub relaxing our tired rubber bodies. We talked 
about how strange and exciting the whole experience has been and the 
feeling of being blindfolded. 

Jim said. "He really enjoyed it" and, "I said I also loved it." Halley 
said, "So what are we doing tomorrow?" I said, "I have a wonderful idea." 
I read in the booklet left on our table that we can rent boats to take out 
on the Bay for the day. 

Jean said, "You mean a small row boat?" I laughed and said, "No, a large 
curser that would hold eight". I read that there are caterers that will 
put together food and drinks for the day. They all loved the idea and told 
me to do it. So I called and reserved the boat for us and we have to be 
there at 10:00 AM. They made all the arrangements with the caterers for 
us. 

Halley said, "I know we are going to be meeting Jackey and her man at 6:30 
at the bar but what if we invited them to join us", after all you said, 
"The boat holds eight". 

Jean said, "That's a wonderful idea!" I said, "I will call her at the bar 
now. I rang the desk and asked to be connected to the bar and a man 
answered. I asked for Jackey and he said, "She was done for the night but 
might still be here, maybe in the kitchen getting a bit". So he 
transferred me to the kitchen. 

A woman answered "Hello kitchen" and I asked for Jackey. Jackey came to 
the phone and said, "Hello". 

I said, "Hi Jackey this is Art, we all want to invite you and your man to 
join us for a day of boating on the Bay." I told Jackey we rented a 
beautiful large boat for the day and we would love to have you both join 
us. 

Jackey said, "She said, "She is so touched that we invited them". I will 
be happy to join you and I will have to ask Josh if can get the day off. 

Jackey said, "If Josh couldn't make it, would we mind if she came alone? 

I said, "We would love for you be with us alone or with Josh". Jackey 
said, "In all the years she has worked at the hotel we were first to 
invite her to do anything", she sounded a little teary eyed. 

I hung up and said, "We have a party planned for tomorrow!" 


