"Her period started a couple weeks ago so she's ready for you."

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 13 (mff, 1st, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

*JJ get over here right now!*

JJ read Marti's message as he walked home from school. *What's up?* he sent back. Then, after no immediate reply, he thought that maybe Marti's stepdad had come back, and ran straight to her house.

Out of breath, he rang the bell and knocked loudly. "Marti?!" he yelled between huffs.

The door flew open, revealing the cute, slim, auburn Marti and her less cute blonde friend Brooklyn, with her black-rimmed glasses.

"What's going on?" he asked breathlessly.

"Get in here!" Marti ordered him as she grabbed his arm.

"Him again, Marti?" Brooklyn asked. "He's even less attractive all sweaty like...uhm..."

As JJ watched the plain blonde, he saw her nostrils flare and then she swayed on her feet. He moved forward to take her arm to keep her from falling over.

"Whoa...umm...I feel weird..." she said.

JJ turned to Marti. "Did...did you call me over for her?"

"Fuck yeah!" Marti replied. "I didn't like how she dissed you last time, and her period started a couple weeks ago so she's ready for you."

"Ready?" Brooklyn parroted, her pupils opening wide as JJ's scent permeated her brain. "Oh, you're kinda hot, JJ...how did I not notice before?" She snuggled her face into the crook of his neck.

Despite himself, JJ could feel his cock getting hard. Brooklyn wasn't as pretty as Marti, but she wasn't ugly either, and he could feel the 15-year-old's A-cup breasts pressing into his chest through her t-shirt and bra. He asked Marti, "Is your mom or Lina here?"

"Lina's out with her boyfriend. Mom's not due back from work for a couple hours. Come on, up to my room." Marti urged him as she mounted the stairs.

As JJ and Brooklyn followed her, JJ felt a stab of jealousy. Lina had a boyfriend? He shook his head...well, of course a beautiful senior like her had one! He had no ownership over Marti's older sister, so why was he feeling proprietary?

Because he had fucked her and she might be having his baby, he realized. His cock gave a twitch at that thought.

They entered Marti's room and she closed the door behind them. Brooklyn, overwhelmed with JJ's scent, was practically hanging off of him. "Ooh, I want...I want..." She started to kiss JJ's neck.

"Yeah, I know what you want," Marti said as she reached around and unfastened her friend's jeans.

Brooklyn immediately froze up. "No, Marti...I...no..."

Marti stopped trying to pull her friend's jeans off. "A little help, JJ?"

JJ was torn, but ultimately his lower head won out. Marti wasn't wrong that Brooklyn had dissed him when they first met, and he was a bit sore about it. He took the blonde's face in his hands, looking at her blown out irises. "You wanna just kiss for a bit, Brooklyn?" At her nod, he moved forward and pressed his lips to hers. He actually hadn't done much kissing, considering all the sex he'd had in the last month or so, so the change was nice. Her tongue slipped into his mouth and he felt his cock get harder.

"MmMM!" Brooklyn's satisfied hum rose an octave and became alarmed as Marti pulled the girl's shirt up and unfastened her bra while she was distracted. She pulled back. "Marti...!" Then she moaned as JJ moved his own face lower and fastened his mouth to one of the blonde's hard nipples surrounded by wide pink areolae. "Oh, Goddd..."

JJ palmed the breast he was sucking on. They were small, smaller than Marti's. 'You think they'll get bigger when they're full of milk?' echoed in his head again. Goddamnit, Marti, he thought...was that line going to compel him to try to impregnate every woman he was with from now on?

JJ pulled back and saw that Brooklyn was totally naked now. Marti had succeeded in pulling down the girl's jeans after all, as well as pulling her shirt up and off while JJ had distracted her.

He couldn't help but admire the blonde's pale skin, with a slight pooch around her midsection. 
Brooklyn was no hardbody, but every woman was different, and her pear shape seemed to suit her. He quickly removed his own clothes, causing Brooklyn's eyes to widen as she beheld his swollen manhood.

"I've...I've never...Marti...?" The blonde looked lost.

Marti took her friend's hand and directed her to the bed. "She's a virgin," she advised JJ as she lay Brooklyn down on her back. "Be gentle, okay?"

JJ fished a condom out of his wallet. When Marti saw it she said, "Nope! A woman's first time should be all natural."

He looked at her. "I'm not going to impregnate your friend, Marti."

"Just pull out."

"You gonna let me pull out?" She hadn't with Zara, the woman from the mall they had double-teamed.

Marti raised a hand showing the universal "Scout's Honor" sign. "I promise. I'll suck you off, okay?"

Nodding, JJ got on the bed between Brooklyn's legs. He noted that she had a full blonde bush, which was different from most of the women he'd been with who trimmed or shaved. He could make out her wet pussy lips through the downy fur, though, and aimed his hard cock between them.

Brooklyn watched, her eyes wide, as the head of JJ's cock pushed into her virginal passage. Then her vision was blocked as Marti's fingers easily found her friend's prominent clitoris.

"Oooh..." the blonde moaned at the combination of clitoral stimulation and the strange, novel pressure invading her most private of places.

JJ felt something keeping him from pressing further and realized it was Brooklyn's "cherry". He pulled back a bit and tried a slightly different angle, but was again blocked.

"You just gotta keep pushing," Marti advised as she continued to play with her friend's clit.

JJ pulled back again and pushed in harder. He was again stymied by the blockage. Taking a breath, he quickly pulled back and thrust in hard.

"OW!" Brooklyn yelled, and then tensed up. JJ held still, and Marti maintained her onslaught on Brooklyn's clit. Soon, the devirginized blonde started to relax and moan again, "Owooohhh..."

JJ waited a little longer, until Brooklyn started to thrust her hips up at him, and then he pulled back a little, noting the blood on his shaft before he pushed back in again.

"Ah-ahh..." Brooklyn gasped in a combination of pleasure and pain, but she didn't stop thrusting her hips at him.

JJ maintained a leisurely rhythm, making sure not to hurt the devirginized blonde. The chemically spaced-out girl just stared up at him lovingly.

After a few minutes, Marti reached over and grabbed her phone. JJ hadn't heard it buzz, but he had been a bit distracted, after all. "Shit..." she said, reading the screen, "you gotta cum quick and then get out. Lina's coming back." She put the phone back down and returned her fingers to Brooklyn's clit, massaging it faster.

"Oh Goddd..." Brooklyn moaned. She seemed to be heading toward an orgasm.

Then JJ realized that he was getting there himself. "Gotta pull out..." he advised Marti.

"Noo...nooo..." Brooklyn moaned, quickly wrapping her legs around him.

"Fuck! Brooklyn, I can't...not in you..." He struggled against her, but her legs were too strong. "Oh noo..."

Then her legs were no longer around him, and he was able to quickly withdraw. He realized that Marti had pulled Brooklyn's legs apart so that he wouldn't sperm her friend, as she had promised. Instantly, the head of his cock was surrounded by Marti's warm mouth and the orgasm he was trying to hold back exploded. "Ohh fuuuuccckkk..." he moaned as spurt after spurt of his cum filled the auburn-haired girl's mouth.

Then his clothes were shoved into his arms and he was pushed out into the hall, Marti slamming the door shut behind him.

"I'll just dress and go, then...?" he said, and then did just that.

Marti lay down on the bed next to her naked friend. Brooklyn's body was tense, full of energy due to her denied orgasm.

"That was...sex?" the blonde asked, disappointed. Something seemed missing.

Once Marti heard the front door close, she dove between Brooklyn's thighs, clamped her mouth to her friend's pussy, and shoved her tongue deep inside the former virgin. Some of JJ's sperm that had been sitting in her mouth, unswallowed, was pushed inside Brooklyn's primed and vulnerable reproductive system.

"Guuhh!" Brooklyn cried out in orgasm as JJ's dangerous sperm was pushed into her vagina by her friend's tongue. Her back arched as pleasure blossomed from where that seed reached the vulnerable insides of her pheromone-addled body. Then, as she came down from that intense release, another dollop of sperm was transferred from Marti's mouth into her overheated, fertile teenage body. "Aiieee!!" Her nipples were harder than they had ever been, and her hands moved to them, groping her small boobs and tweaking those nipples as waves of pleasure washed over her. Another, smaller gob of cum was pressed into her, keeping the orgasms rolling through her wanton body.

At the back of Brooklyn's vagina, her spasming cervix dipped into that first gob of cum, pulling some of JJ's second-hand sperm into her womb. Her body shook in orgasmic pleasure as it got exactly what it knew it needed at that time of the month.

"Ohh yesss..." she moaned, feeling complete.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)