Sidley Preparatory School
by MusingsofPan

Chapter 1

A most unusual school.

For many years now I have made a business of my fascination with things beautiful and old by acquiring items at estate sales and then selling them to knowledgeable collectors. To me it is a satisfying and lucrative way of life. So it was not unusual when, among other items and pieces of furniture I bought a hansom leather briefcase at a sale in upstate New York.

It was several days later as I was examining my new items that I came to the briefcase. The case was the type that was once carried by lawyers and affluent businessmen. The leather was embossed with the gold letters "JKP". When I opened the case, instead of finding it empty as I expected, I discovered what seems to be a report in the form of a letter. I think you may find it interesting and so have copied it here:

To Mr. P----:

We at the Rockford Investigation Agency are pleased to be working with you on such a sensitive matter. We understand that due to your political and social standing in the community that it is of utmost importance to be sure that the school you choose for your children be of the highest quality and beyond reproach in every way. Therefore we have undertaken a thorough investigation of the Sidley Preparatory School which you are considering. This is the initial report of our investigation. Further reports will be sent as the investigation progresses.

From the school brochure we found that Sidley Preparatory School is an exclusive coeducational institution for students over 18 years of age who have graduated high school and want additional preparation for university. It's two year program has a very high academic rating. This was confirmed by the state department of education. The brochure went on to state that over 99% of its graduates are admitted to top level universities, most at third year level. In addition it appears that Sidley Preparatory School goes beyond traditional academics to prepare students for happy and productive lives. As stated in the school brochure:

    Athletics - a wide variety of sports for girls and boys

    Social skills - includes practice

    Sexual skills - includes practice

    Self confidence with own mind and body - includes nudity

Of course the claims in an advertising brochure cannot be taken at face value so we began a more in depth study to obtain first hand information. We arranged for a son, Michael, and daughter, Susan, of members of our staff to enroll at Sidley and keep detailed diaries of their experiences. At the time of this preliminary report, we have received the first sections of the diaries which are compiled into this report.

SUSAN's DIARY

My acceptance letter said that I was required to arrive at 1:00PM so shortly before that time my parents and I were driving through impressive wrought iron gates toward a large colonial style brick building. We were met by a boy in a blue and white Sidley shirt who looked like an older student. He said to leave my luggage by the car and directed us inside and to a room on the left.

When we got in we were met by a pleasant woman who introduced herself as a counselor, Mrs. Wainwright. She discussed the academic program and answered our questions. She said there will be a 2:00PM meeting for new female students so it is time for the parents to say goodbye. She explained that it is not possible for my parents to see the specific living arrangements because they have yet to be assigned but she would show them some of the student rooms if they wanted.

I walked with my parents out the front door and noticed my luggage had been taken in. We hugged and said goodbye. Mother was worried that I would be homesick but I told her this will be just like summer camp. I promised to call if I had problems and to write.

At 2:00PM I entered room 100 and found 20 chairs arranged in a circle. Soon all the new girls had entered and taken seats among much chatter and giggling. A tall elegant woman entered, smiled and said, "Welcome to Sidley. I am Ms. Carter, Dean of women here and I look forward to getting to know each of you. "During your time here you will be expected to excel academically and to participate in all school activities. You will find that Sidley is much different from most post secondary schools. We believe that in addition to being academically prepared, students must also be comfortable with their own bodies and their own sexuality.

"Our campus is clothing optional in most areas, with the exception of the pool and athletic areas which are clothing free, and the front reception area which is the only area where clothing is required. Sex between students is not required but it is also not discouraged. However all sex must be protected by both the girl (pill, IUD, etc.) and the boy (condom). Those girls not on the pill be sure to see the school nurse this afternoon.

"Anyone can say no to any sexual or other advance and whatever was happening must stop. Any interaction between students must be by mutual consent. When you have your period, wear a tampon. If you have not used a tampon or do not have any, see the school nurse after this meeting. "You will see and be seen by naked boys. Enjoy and satisfy your curiosity. Ask the boys questions and answer their questions. If a boy gets an erection that is a complement to you. He likes what he is seeing. Don't worry about it. There will be a meeting in room 102 at 4:00PM for all new students."

I knew that Sidley was different but this is when I began to realize how different. All of us girls gathered around talking about this. Some seemed excited and some apprehensive. To tell the truth, I was not sure how I felt.

MICHAEL's DIARY

Michael's arrival so similar to Susan's that we will not repeat it here. We will begin with Michael's new boys meeting with the Dean of Men, Mr. Harris.

We new boys were seated in a circle, Mr. Harris rose and introduced himself. He went on to say, "You will find Sidley different from other post secondary schools in that nudity is normal here, clothing is optional. This is to develop the habit of being comfortable with your body in all situations. You will see nude girls. It is alright to look and even ask questions if there is something you wish to know. However you must have the girl's permission to touch her. No grabbing at girls in clothes or nude.

"Don't worry if you get an erection. This is normal and nothing to hide. Sex with other students is allowed but only in private and by mutual consent. Be very sure the other person wants your touching or sex. Touching or sex without permission will result in immediate expulsion from Sidley. You must use a condom for sex. You will find a supply of them in your room and we will go over how to use them later.

"If a girl has a string hanging from her vagina do not make any comment. She is menstruating which is normal for girls but they find it embarrassing. Don't have sex with a girl during the five days or so while she has her string though other touching is OK."

Just before 4:00 PM I entered room 102 and found a larger circle of chairs. Boys and girls were coming in, some sitting down and some standing with lots of anxious chatter. Mr. Harris and Ms. Carter walked in and asked for quiet. They instructed everyone to take a seat so they are arranged boy, girl, etc. There were 20 new boys and 20 new girls. Mr. Harris started the meeting saying, "This is your introduction to the culture at Sidley. We will go around the room. When it is your turn stand up, remove all your clothes, tell us your name and where you are a from, then sit down on the towel you found on your chair. I will start."

With that Mr. Harris, who is a good looking man in his early 30s walked into the circle. He removed his shoes and socks then unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off. Then his undershirt revealing a smooth, well muscled chest. He unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned and unzipped his trousers and slid them off. Last he pulled off his boxers to reveal a large but flaccid penis. There were nervous gasps from some of the girls. He said, "I am Mr. Harris, Dean of Men and originally from New Jersey."

As Mr. Harris carried his clothes out of the circle of chairs, Ms. Carter walked into the circle, looked around and smiled. She kicked off her shoes grasped her top and pulled it over her head. She smiled again as she reached behind her to unclasp her bra. The bra slid off revealing beautifully shaped breasts to the rapt attention of all the boys and most of the girls. She unzipped and unbuttoned her skirt, let it slide to the floor and stepped out of it. Her blue thong panties were almost see through. She grasped her panties at each side of the waist and pulled them off showing her vulva was shaved bare. There was a gasp from the students. She said, "I am Ms. Carter, Dean of Women and I come from Boston."

She then looked at a rather large boy to her left and said, "I believe it is your turn."

If you can imagine a deer in the headlight look, you know how he looked. He had obviously enjoyed Ms. Carter's strip because of the bulge in the drone of his pants. Realizing he had no choice, he reached down and pulled his green polo shirt over his head. His torso was well structured with six pack abs. As he hesitated Ms. Carter said, "Continue." He slowly unbuckled his belt and undid his pants. Then, realizing he could not remove his trousers with his shoes on, he bent to remove them. By the time his pants were off his erection was gone so there was no bulge in his white briefs. With an embarrassed look he pulled off his briefs, straightened up and addressed the group, "I am Jim Powell and am here from Wilmington." He sat looking pleased with himself that he could do this.

The girl next to Jim was a small blond with long hair and a shy smile. She muttered, "Here goes.", and stood kicking off her shoes. She unbuttoned her blouse and slid it off her arms revealing a white well filled bra. She slipped each arm out of its bra strap then pulled the bra down and turned it around to unhook it. Her breasts, while not being large, looked quite ample on her small frame. They stood out with no sag even without the bra. She then unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and with much wiggling managed to slide them down her legs. Her yellow panties were brief but not quite thongs. She hocked a thumb in the waist elastic on each side and slid them down bending over which gave Jim a nice view. She straightened up, turned all the way around showing a shaved vulva with a small landing strip above, and stated, "My name is Marcie Jordan. My home is Albany."

This continued around the room with some students bolder than others. I had never seen a naked girl my own age so I was very interested in the variety of bodies. When my turn came I knew there was no avoiding this and that many of the other boys had erections which had not caused comment. Still it was very strange taking my clothes off in a room full of other kids, half of whom are girls. OK, I was terrified! Anyway, I got through it and soon was sitting naked on my towel.

SUSAN'S DIARY

WOW! I had never seen a penis before and here I was in a room that was increasingly full of them! It was also interesting comparing the girls figures. I had seen very few of my friends naked and then only for a short time while changing. I was getting quite an education already. Some of the girls had full pubic hair, some trimmed short, but most were shaved clean or with a small landing strip. Boobs were everywhere from barely there to very large. Penises were small and large. Some looked quite different, which I found out later was due to being circumcised or not.

My turn was coming up and I was squirming. Could I really do this? When the boy before me sat down I gulped and stood. I unbuttoned the nice white top that I though would be perfect for my first day of a new school. OK, now it was get serious time, I reached back and unhooked my bra. My boobs are full and nicely rounded though not overly large and by now my nipples were hard. I smiled nervously, hoping they would compare well with the other girls. I undid the back zipper of my skirt and stepped out of it when it slid down to the floor. There I was in my semitransparent white panties. I stepped out of my shoes and then slid my panties down slowly bending at the waist, knowing I was giving the boys behind me quite a show. I was glad I shaved my pussy last night. I said my name and hometown then finally sat on my towel, crossing my legs.

Once everyone was naked Mr. Harris and Ms. Carter entered the circle with a bag. Mr. Harris said, "By now I believe you all know much more about the clothing optional culture here at Sidley, and the variety of bodies of both your own and the opposite sex, and are beginning to get more comfortable with your own body. "Now will all the girls look at the boy on your left and all the boys look at the girl on your right. Say hello to your new roommate. Ms. Carter and I will distribute the room keys."

There was total silence and then a gasp from everyone. We knew Sidley was liberal about nudity and sex but we were not expecting this! This was more mixer than anyone was prepared for. The boy on my right looked very good with a muscular build and a nice face. I was pleased with that but also scared. When each student had a room key with the same room number on each boy girl pair, Ms. Carter made the following announcement, "Carry your clothes to your rooms. You are to remain nude until tomorrow morning when you may stay nude or wear clothes in the clothing optional areas. All students sleep nude. Your class schedules will be in your rooms. Do not get too attached to your roommate as roommates will change each term to give you more experience. The nurse is waiting for those who need to see her. Welcome to Sidley. Dinner will be at 6:30 in the dining hall. Are there any questions?"

A girl with short brown hair raised her hand and asked, "Must we have sex?" Mr. Harris answered,"No, sex is never required and only allowed when both partners want it. If you or anyone says no, that is the end of whatever is happening. You are not under any obligation to have sex. If this becomes a problem, please see your counselor."

My roommate was named Danny. We both gathered up our clothes and went to find room 412. I was not prepared for what we found when we entered our home for this term. There were two closets, two desks, two chairs, two book shelves, but one double bed! Danny seemed to be a nice guy but I just met him! He looked speechless as well. He said, "Well this is different."

"It certainly is." I said. "Which desk and closet do you want?"

We spent the next hour or so busily arranging out things, studying our class schedules, and trying not to be awkward. Both of us were way out of our comfort zones. We chatted about anything we could think of.

MICHAEL's DIARY

My new roommate smiled and told me her name was Samatha but to call her Sam. We picked up our clothes and headed for room 423. It was a surprise when I saw only one bed. I thought what if she won't have sex, how will I get any sleep laying next to a naked girl I can't touch? What If she wants more sex than I can handle, how will I live it down? She probably expects me to make the first move, but what should I do? My brain was spinning! I did not know what to do.

After we got our stuff unpacked I decided to go pee before dinner. I left Sam and went down the hall. I found a door with a sign that had both male and female symbols. No other doors that looked like bathrooms. A guy in front of me went in so I followed. There was a row of stalls on the right wall and a counter of sinks with a long mirror on the left wall. No urinals. Two girls were at the sinks, the guy I followed went into a stall. My first experience with a unisex bathroom so I went into a stall and peed.

When I came out I heard water splashing at the far end of the room and got curious. Walking down there I found a small tiled room with wood benches and clothes hooks on the walls. Through the far door I could see a large open tiled shower room with many shower heads along the walls. Two boys and one girl were taking showers. When I got back to our room I explained the bathroom layout to Sam. Her comment was, "This place gets weirder and weirder."

We started to leave for dinner when Sam said, "Don't forget your towel to sit on." I had gotten comfortable being naked and forgot about it. Sam agreed that it was surprising how quickly we were getting used to being without clothes.

We got in the cafeteria line and noticed all the new students naked. The upper class kids were a mixture of naked, clothes, topless, and some in underwear. It seemed that optional was really optional. The food was good. I got the roast beef and Sam got a large salad. We took our trays over and sat with a table of new students. Everyone agreed that it seemed strange to be eating naked in public but the general opinion seemed to be that it was cool. After dinner we watched TV for awhile in the common room and then back to our room.

Now I did not know what to do. I did know that I would get no sleep at all naked in bed with a good looking naked girl and afraid to touch her. But I did not know if she was ready for anything sexual. So far we had been very casual with each other. At this point we both seemed to be doing things to look busy and kill time. Finally I decided a direct approach was best and said, "Sam, we need to talk. I don't know how you feel about this situation, but I think you are very sexy and I very much want to touch you all over and more.

She looked at me, smiled, and said, "That sounds good to me. Just let me run to the bathroom and then let's see where your plan takes us." I stretched out on the bed with a huge erection. When she came back, Sam climbed on top of me without saying a thing. I rolled so we were side by side and grasped her breast. I said, "Remember, you can say stop at any time."

She reached down, took hold of my cock and told me, "That goes for you too. I may wear you out."

I played with her nipples while she stroked my cock. Then my hand went down to her very wet pussy. She moaned and arched her back as my finger slid up her slit looking for her clit. Both of us were breathing heavy when she put her hand on mine and said, "Wait. Where are those rubbers?" We found the package of condoms in a drawer. She wanted to put one on me so after some fumbling about, we got the foil open and she rolled one down my cock. "Now," she said, "I want you inside me."

I rolled on top of her, between her spread legs and wondered how I would find the right hole. It was surprisingly easy. I pushed down her wet and slippery slit and my cock seemed to find her entrance on its own. I slid in easily at first, then met some resistance. When I pushed through it was easy going all the way in. She looked up, smiled and said, "Now I am a woman!" 

It felt warm and soft and wonderful and the thought of being in her vagina was driving me crazy. I started pushing in and out slowly but soon my body took over and increased the pace. I could feel Sam rising to meet me as I went in. Before I knew it I felt Sam's vagina contracting in spasms. That pushed me over the edge and I came harder than ever before. When I got my breath and could think straight I told her, "That was amazing!"

She replied, " Yes, and we have the whole school term."

SUSAN's DIARY

There was time for me to get a shower before dinner so I grabbed my bag of shower stuff and headed down the hall. By this time it did not seem strange to go out in the hall naked because most of the other kids were naked. I spotted some girls with the telltale string hanging between there legs and wondered how they were going to make it through the night.

I was looking for the girls bathroom but instead found one with both male and female symbols. This is interesting. I went in and found the usual bathroom layout with both boys and girls in the room. I hung my towel on a hook and went into a large shower room with no partitions or curtains. No privacy at all. There were three other girls and two guys showering. Each going about there business as if this was the most normal thing in the world. So I went ahead and took my shower. No one bothered me or stared at me.

At dinner, Danny and I sat with other new students. You could tell because everyone at the table was naked. We compared our first experiences at Sidley. Everyone was having some problems getting into the Sidley culture but I did not hear anyone say they wanted to leave. We were all on a great adventure.

After dinner Danny and I took a walk together and checked out the campus. There was a large lawn and athletic field that was not visible from the front drive because of a high wall. There was also an indoor pool, gym, and a room with exercise equipment. A separate building connected by a covered hall held classrooms and lecture halls. The school seemed very well equipped.

Once back in our room, Danny was obviously very nervous. He flitted about the room looking at this and straightening that. I decided I best take charge of the situation before he had a heart attack. I sat on the foot of the bed and asked him to come sit next to me. I looked in his eyes and said, "Danny, I want you to touch me here." At the same time I took his hand and placed it on my right boob. My already hard nipple reacted to his touch with a wave of pleasure that went down between my legs. I took his other hand and put it on my left boob. Then I put my arms around his neck, leaned back and enjoyed heaven.

Soon I could not take it any more so I took the hand that was on my left boob, opened my legs and put his hand on my pussy. I gasped with the feeling of his fingers exploring my slit. I reached down and grasped Danny's very hard cock. He seemed to enjoy this as much as I was enjoying his hands on me. Danny said, "I'm about to cum."

I jumped back and said, "Not yet. I want you to cum inside me."

I went to the drawer with rubbers, pulled one out, tore open the foil but could not figure out what to do the little rubber disk. Danny showed me how to roll it down his cock.

Then I pushed him down on his back, straddled him, and guided his cock into me as I sat down. I have never felt anything so wonderful as being filled by that cock! I closed my eyes and concentrated on the feeling as I moved up and down. He started moving up against me harder and harder until I could feel him cum with a shudder. Oh shit I thought. He can't stop now.

I climbed off as he got soft and slid out of me. I asked, "Can you get hard again? I need more."

He said, "Just give me a minute." He got up, pulled off the used rubber and replaced it with a fresh one. I lay on the bed and he lay by my side. He was stroking my pussy while I stroked his cock. Fortunately his cock was soon hard again. I think I would have killed him if it stayed soft and useless.

I lay on my back and opened my legs. He got the hint and was soon on top and inside me. This time it was slower but wonderful feeling him fill me as I built to a climax. Finally I my whole body shuttered as I wrapped my legs around him pulling him in. I think he may have cum again but I am not sure of that. When we came back to earth, he wrapped his arms around me and said, "Now maybe we can get some sleep."

SUSAN's DIARY

I awoke the next morning still tangled up with Danny. It was nice. I got out of bed and started my morning preparations. I decided to wear some clothes to class. Panties, shorts and a halter top. No bra.

Breakfast was quick, then off to algebra. Ugh! This school is not all fun and sex. Next English lit. Then it was time for gym. We gathered in the gym. It was a co-ed class, not just girls. Ms. Anderson, the gym teacher addressed the class, "Gym classes are all in the nude. Leave your clothes in a locker and report to the gym. We will do some warm up exercises and then volleyball.

Volleyball was fun. Watching the cocks and boobs bounce was even more fun. And I have to say showering after the game was easy since everyone was naked. Boys and girls all naked in the shower. I could get used to this.

At lunch I sat with other first year girls discussing our new experiences. We agreed that the class work is really advanced and we will have to work hard to keep up. Most also agreed that the naked part is really cool.

The afternoon classes American History followed by Beginning Spanish went by quickly. The last class on the schedule for the day was Sex Education and said to bring a towel. OK, what more can they teach us about sex?

When I entered, the large room was set up with four circles of ten chairs each. Students were milling about talking nervously. Mrs. Carter came in and told us to find our roommate and sit next to each other. Mr. Harris entered as we got seated.

Ms. Carter explained, "Part of a well adjusted and happy life is to be able to have a fulfilling sexual relationship. For this, you need to understand sex. We do not know how much each student knows so we will begin with the basics. To start, everyone take your clothes off and sit on your towel. In the future have all your clothes off at the beginning of class so we can start right away." I thought, OMG! I am getting used to this!

Mr. Harris said, "We will start with the basic differences. Everyone stand and face your partner. Girls, observe the differences such as wider shoulders, thicker waist, more body hair, and smaller butt.

"Now girls, sit down and boys walk up to your partner. Girls take his penis in your hand and look at it. If the end is covered by skin, he is not circumcised. You can pull that skin cover back. The small slit at the end is the urethrae. The underside of the shaft is very sensitive so a great way to pleasure him is to stroke or lick the underside. By now his penis should be hard.

"Lift his penis and you will find his scrotum. Gently feel this sack and you will feel his testicles inside. This is where his sperm are grown. When he is fully erect, his penis can emit sperm but not urine so he cannot pee inside you."

This was fun! A chance to examine a boy when he is not all over me. His cock was hard but the end was soft and felt good to touch. I had never handled a boy's balls before. That was cool. Jean, a short girl with brown hair raised her hand, "Mr Harris, why is his penis curved?"

Mr. Harris answered, "That is so it will rub more on your vaginal walls to give you both more pleasure." Everyone laughed.

Ms. Carter took over now. "Now boys sit and girls, stand and face your partner. Boys, observe the female differences such as narrow shoulders, narrow waist but wider hips. As I am sure you have observed already girls breasts come in many sizes and shapes. Touch your partner's breasts and notice how soft they are. Now with your fingers gently squeeze her nipples noticing how stiff they are. Use your mouth to lick and suck on them. Girls nipples get stiff when she is sexually excited, just like your penis."

I wasn't sure I liked the idea of being examined at first, but when he put his mouth on my nipples I was getting wet and ready even with all the other people in the room. However, the next step made me hesitate and gulp!

Ms. Carter said, "The female pubic area is not as easy to see as the male so girls we need you to lie on the floor, legs apart and knees bent. Boys get down on the floor between her legs so you can see her slit. Her arousal is not as obvious as yours but you should see her lips are puffy and wet. Stroke her outer lips with your fingers." I started moaning and raising my hips. I think all of the girls did that.

Ms. Carter went on, "Open her outer lips with your fingers and you will find her inner lips. They are thin. Open her inner lips. At the top her inner lips form a hood and in that hood is her clitoris. Her clitoris is even more sensitive than your penis, touch it gently with your finger." By now all us girls were panting, moaning, and squirming.

Ms. Carter went on, "Look down about an inch from her clitoris and you will find a small opening. This is her urethrae where she pees. Moving down to the bottom of her slit you find a larger opening, her vagina, this is where she fucks and will some day have babies. It is also sensitive. Insert one or two fingers into her vagina. If there is a string coming out, only insert until you feel her tampon."

I couldn't have cared less how many people were in the classroom, I wanted him in me. But that was not to be. The class ended so we all gathered our clothes and ran for our rooms with our partners.

MICHAEL's DIARY

The school day went by like most other school days except that not everyone wore clothes. Several of the girls went topless, but it didn't take long before that became normal. The major difference was that I did not have to imagine what the girls look like naked.

But the Sex Ed class was really something else! I found myself standing in front of Sam with her stroking my cock and holding my balls. It felt incredible and if it had gone on much longer I would have cum.

Then, even better, I got to explore Sam's body. I had never been able to look closely at a pussy before. It was amazing! Sam was getting very wet and breathing hard while I was so excited I could barely contain myself.

When class was over, Sam and I hurried back to our room without putting our clothes on and headed straight for the bed. We each lay on our sides facing one another but head to crotch so I was facing her pussy and she my cock. Our upper legs were open with the knees bent so we could continue examining each other. It wasn't long before I asked Sam, "You remember how to put a condom on me?"

She retrieved one from the drawer and said, "I heard this is a fun way to do it." With that she put the rolled up condom between her lips and rolled it down my cock with her mouth. That felt great!

Being equally interested in trying new things, I asked her to get on her hands and knees. Then I found that sliding into her was easy. While pumping, I could reach around and hold her swinging boobs or stroke her clit.

SUSAN'S DIARY

The next morning I awoke with the wonderful feel of Danny's bare skin against mine. I would have been happy to lay in bed but we had to get ready for the day. I was gathering my stuff to head for the bathroom when Danny reminded me, "At the end of Sex Ed class yesterday we were told to have our pubes shaved today. I think that might be more fun if I shaved you and you shaved me."

That sounded both exciting and scary. We headed for the bathroom together and after peeing in next door stalls where we could hear each other, we met in the shower room. Once wet, I sat on the floor while Danny stood in front with one foot on either side of my legs. After lathering him up I held his cock out of the way with one hand and carefully shaved with the other. It got more difficult when I got to his balls but by that time he was hard so I found that I could push his cock up out of the way with my forehead and use both hands to move his sack while I shaved. It was fun.

Danny rinsed off and sat on the floor as I had. I was worried about letting him work with a sharp instrument down there but I stood in front of him in the same way he had stood for me. The thought of him looking at my pussy excited me and the feel of his touch was very nice. Once he had done my front he had me move closer with my feet far apart so he could get underneath. My juice was running down my legs but I didn't care.

MICHAEL'S DIARY

The class work is really hard here. They expect you to read and know the work before you get to class so class is just to answer questions and review. I am struggling to keep up but Sam is helping. When we aren't fucking we go over the work together.

Not much to report about the next day until Sex Ed class. It is always different. The instructor started by saying, "Now that you know about your partner's body it is time to move on to ways to please your partner. Sexually pleasing your partner is an essential part of a well balanced life but unfortunately one that is seldom emphasized and very seldom taught. Today we will work on oral sex."

She then had the girls lie on their backs with cushions under their butts, knees bent and legs open. She said it was the girls job to tell her partner what felt good and what she wanted. We boys were then instructed to get between her legs and start by licking her slit.

I started gently and Sam put her hands on my head to pull me in closer. Soon my tongue was between her lips and she lifted my head so my tongue would touch her clit at the top of the stroke. This was really getting me going and I could tell Sam was into it by the way her hips were moving.

Sam gasped, "Put your fingers in me."

So I put two fingers in her vagina while I continued to lick, paying more attention to her clitoris. It wasn't long before my fingers felt fast contractions and she was pushing her pussy into my face. When she subsided I looked up and saw a contented smile on her face. "Thanks," she sighed.

Next the instructor had us boys stand and the girls kneel on their cushions in front. The girls started by caressing our cocks, then licking the underside, next running their tongues around the head. Finally putting their mouths around the cock while stroking the base with their hands.

By the time Sam got into a slow in and out rhythm I was so worked up I told her I was about to cum. She pulled off and squeezed the base of my cock tightly as she had been told until I calmed down. Then she resumed her ministrations and I returned to heaven. The next time I told her I was about to cum she increased her speed and soon I was pumping my load into her mouth. I don't know how she did it but she managed to swallow it all. Sam looked very proud of herself when she looked up at me.

SUSAN'S DIARY

When our teacher announced that would be doing oral sex I was terrified. Of course I have heard about oral sex but I have never tried it. All the boys I have been with wanted to go straight for my vagina. I wasn't sure I would be able to do this. No, I was sure I would not be able to do this. My head was spinning but my pussy was warming up to the idea.

I was glad we started with the girls receiving because I did not have to do much. I lay back completely exposing myself which always excites me. When I felt Danny's tongue on my pussy lips I was really enjoying it. I had never felt anything like this before. It is not like touching myself or a boy touching me. This was a different and wonderful sensation.

I told Danny how to lick round and round my clit. It wasn't long before I was gushing and had an orgasm. Wow! Danny looked up with his face soaked but he seemed to like it.

Now came the part I was worrying about. Would I gag or bite him or do something else wrong? But he gave me so much pleasure that I had to try. I knelt in front of Danny and started making love to his cock and balls. It was fun fun to see how I could control him this way. Also I very much like a good penis.

I decided here goes, opened my mouth wide, and put him in. It was warm and and very nice. I had my hand on the base of his cock so it would not go to deep for me. I alternated moving it in and out with running my tongue around it and felt him responding. Danny told me he was going to cum and I couldn't wait. I felt him tense and then my mouth was filled with warm salty cum. Not bad tasting in fact I kind of liked it. I was able to swallow some but much ran down my chin. Danny was panting as if he had been running. I am now a fan of oral sex.

Mr. P this is all of the reports we have received to date. As the school year progresses we expect to receive more reports which we will forward to you. Our only comment at this time is that students at Sidley appear to be receiving a more complete education than other schools provide.

Sincerely,

Johnathan Rockford

Principal, Rockford Investigation Agency


