Watching my sis masturbate

By: lucky


I was 18 years old, and my bedroom was right next to my 22-year-old
sisters bedroom, her name is Priti. Between our bedrooms was a door
which always remained closed, and she usually (but not always) checked
it every day to make sure it was locked. There was a slight gap between
the door and frame, and one day out of sheer boredom I discovered that I
could peep through the crack and see almost all of her room. At first I
wasn't really looking for anything sexual, I just looked to see what I
could see, I was bored.

The first few times, I just saw her doing normal stuff... Homework,
reading, watching TV. Then one afternoon, I just happened to look and
found she must have just returned from the shower. She was laying on her
back wearing nothing but a towel, and she was watching TV. (Depending on
how she had her bedroom arranged, I often had a clear view of her entire
bed, head to toe.) Then, all of the sudden, out of nowhere, she opened
up her towel from the waist down and, still keeping her eyes on the TV,
she was rubbing her pussy fast and frantically!

She would do this for about a minute at a fast pace, then she would slow
down to a slow caress for a minute, then she would go frantically,
keeping her eyes on the TV the entire time. Now I had not yet learned
about masturbation and didn't really understand what she was doing, but
I knew it was turning me on! This was also the 1st time I had seen a
real live nude female. She kept this up for about 10 minutes, then
suddenly her body seemed to fold up in half, she stopped rubbing and
started rocking, and her body began to jerk. Again, I wasn't sure what
happened but I could tell it was something spectacular! After about a
minute of catching her breath, she closed her towel, got up, and started
to dress.

I thought about this all day, and I knew I would be watching her more
regularly, but I also wanted a better view. I thought maybe at night, if
I was quiet, maybe I could slowly sneak the door between us open and get
a better view, so I would often sneak into her room and unlock the door.
She made a routine of hitting the button lock almost every day, so she
didn't really know if it was locked or unlocked when she hit it. But
sometimes I got a chance to unlock it after she already locked it for
the day. I couldn't wait until these nights for bedtime to come!

Here's what happened most nights for about the next year. While I'd
sometimes catch her nude or even masturbating various times during the
day, I really looked forward to when she went to bed at night. I felt I
would have less chance of being caught. She was 22 and was dating, and
often they would go to her room to "watch TV" or "study" but they
usually ended up kissing and fondling... Nothing hardcore but she would
unbutton her shirt and let him play with her boobs. But when he went
home, she would then go to bed and I knew it was SHOWTIME!

She must have always been horny when he left, because she would quickly
change into just a t-shirt and panties, turn all the lights out except
for the TV, lay in bed, and watch TV while she slid her hand inside her
panties and caressed her pussy. Within 5 minutes she would either raise
her panties up with her other hand, or pull then down to her knees, and
masturbate frantically. Since the lights were off and she was "blinded"
by the TV light, I could sometimes slowly ease the door open and get a
much better view. Even with different room arrangements, her bed was
always within view. I also found that when my bed was next to the door,
I could stand on my headboard and peep over the top and get a great
full-length view. And man was she a horny teenager! I saw her masturbate
regularly, morning afternoon and night!

I still remember my absolutely BEST view I ever had, and it only
happened once. One time she had her bed right by the door, and one day
in the middle of the day, I looked and she was laying in bed with her
panties pulled down to her ankles and was going at it big-time. Now it
was the middle of the afternoon, so everything was in daylight, and I
even took the risk and slowly opened the door (which was right at the
foot of her bed), and there was her pussy just INCHES from my face! She
was going to town like there was no tomorrow, going faster and faster
and never letting up...and the looks on her face were priceless!.. Her
eyes rolling, biting her tongue, I could tell she was totally unaware of
her surroundings (although since then several people, including girls,
have said they wonder if she knew I was watching and maybe that was a
turn-on for her). GOD I wish I had a video camera back then! (but this
was 1974) I watched her masturbate for probably 20 minutes straight, and
I could tell she was about to cum... Her body tensed up, her face was
full of anticipation, and she was thrusting her hips up as her fingers
were jammed in and out of her pussy (she usually just rubbed her clit),
then suddenly she must have had the most explosive orgasm of her young
life! She folded and shook and jerked for at least two minutes before
rolling over and going to sleep. MAN she must have needed that one!

Oh yes, believe it or not, watching her is how -I- learned to
masturbate. She was having so much fun rubbing herself, especially there
at the end that I just had to try it. So while I watched her masturbate,
I was rubbing myself just a few feet away. At first I didn't see what
the big deal was, until I started to get more erect, more then I had
ever been before. So I kept rubbing at a slow, steady pace but didn't
know exactly what to expect, and wasn't prepared for what happened.
Suddenly this strange feeling snuck up on me, and I knew something was
about to happen... I was a little scared but it felt good and I couldn't
stop, so I jerked faster and faster and suddenly, BOOM, I felt like I
was going to pass out! I was standing on my headboard the 1st time
(peeping) and my knees went weak and I thought I was going to fall, and
I was shooting cum (which I didn't expect) all over my bed beneath me! I
couldn't believe this feeling, it was not of this earth!! Haha But I
knew I was going to be doing this a LOT! (And I was right!)

This went on for about a year, until she moved to a different bedroom
and eventually moved out. I would say on average she masturbated about
once a day... Some days not at all but some days several times. Now I'm
certainly not into incest, but I often fantasized about asking her to
masturbate together with me, but I never had the nerve. I never did get
caught, but I sometimes wonder if she knew. I'm 36 now, and two of my
favorite "fetishes" have remained peeping and female masturbation!!

If anyone has similar stories about watching girls masturbate without
their knowledge, please email me at luckluck@rediffmail.com.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *5544* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6216>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6216>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6216>

