My Bhabie & Her Lovely Sis
My name is Anil and presently I am 25 yrs old. Me and my parents live
in delhi. Once during my summer vacations, we planned a trip to
bangalore. The reason was that my parents wanted to buy some property
in bangalore, as it is our hometown. We stopped at mathura because
one of my cousin brothers is staying in mathura with his wife. We
thought of spending a couple of days in mathura and then proceeding
further. When we reached my cousin's place, we found that my cousin
was not there.

He had gone to mumbai on business purpose for two weeks. So at home
were Bhabhi(sister-in-law, Brothers' wife) and her elder sister Neha
who was also married. Bhabhi had two children - one a girl of 4 yrs
(her name was Deepa) and another a boy of 6 months. Neha's husband
had also gone on a business tour to Hong Kong and that is why she was
staying with her sister. Bhabhi was 26 yrs old and without any
children. They had been married only for a year. Bhabhi was stunning.
She was tall and fair and had a very attractive figure. Her sister
(30 yrs) was also beautiful though she had delivered two children.
the initial two days were of great fun. After that my parents decided
to go to bangalore and they told me to stay with Bhabhi as they would
be busy dealing with property dealers and told me that I would get
bored.

I started complaining to my parents and at that moment Bhabhi came
into the room and said to me, " Anil, you would not regret staying
here" and saying this she stroked my cheek. that afternoon my parents
left. Now Bhabhi, Neha, her two kids and myself were the only ones in
the house. After my parents had left, I went to Bhabhi's bedroom and
switched on the TV and started watching it.

After fifteen minutes, Bhabhi and Neha came to the room with Neha
clutching the baby in her arms. I asked them where Deepa was and they
said that she was sleeping in the other room. Neha sat very close to
me on the bed and Bhabhi said that she was going to take a bath.
Bhabhi took her clothes from the almirah and went inside the
bathroom. suddenly the kid started crying. Neha was swift to react.
she dropped the pallo of her red saree, started unhooking the hooks
on her black blouse from the front and in no time exposed the
translucent black bra that she was wearing. She had unhooked her
blouse completely and her two bra cups were completely exposed to my
gaze.

My goodness, what a breast she had. Perfect round cups and the nipple
being clearly visible owing to the translucent bra that she was
wearing. The bra was a low cut one and a large portion of her
cleavage was exposed. I had a sudden hard on. After that she took her
hands behind and undid the clasp of her bra. Her breasts shook
briefly. then she pulled one bra cup and exposed her breast
completely. She had a milky breast and the nipple was in perfect
contrast to it. It was of perfect black color and the circumference
was too large. It almost occupied her half breast. She took the
nipple between her two fingers and guided it into the kid's mouth.
The kid had stopped crying and was suckling the nipple hungrily. My
cock was rock hard in my underwear and I was feeling the pain as my
monster tried to tear apart the fabric of my underwear.

After placing the nipple in her kid's mouth, she was casually
watching the television, but now my eyes were glued to her breast
rather than to the TV. I was feasting my eyes on the nipple that her
kid was sucking as well as on the other nipple that was less hidden
and more exposed by the sheer fabric of her lacy bra. Very soon
because of the body movements that she was making her other breast
also came out of her bra and was hanging loose outside. I just could
not control myself. After a little while she stopped nursing the kid.
She gradually pulled him from her nipple and placed him on the bed.
As she did so, her both breasts were dangling outside, the nipple
that the baby had sucked was rock hard and the other one was of usual
size.

She then took of her blouse completely through her hands and placed
it on the bed, still with her breasts dangling outside, she got up
from the bed and undid her saree. As she threw the saree onto the
bed, I could not control myself any longer and started rubbing my
penis from the top of my pajama. She was now in her pink petticoat
and the black colored bra, which was hanging loose on her body. She
went up to the dressing table, sat in front of it and taking her
hands behind hooked her bra. After hooking her bra, she took her
hands in the front and started cajoling her breasts and adjusting
them so that they fit inside her bra. She then opened the almirah and
took a towel and came to the bed and sat near me. My mouth was wide
open after this sexual experience. I was sweating profusely. My
forehead was perspiring and she noticed it. She gave a naughty smile
and asked me whether it was too hot. I nodded obediently. She said
that it was okay and I would feel better once I paid a visit to the
bathroom. then I thought - "So this bitch knew it all the time and
she had done everything purposefully." But I still lacked the courage
to make an indecent move. She was still sitting in her black bra and
pink petticoat.

She told me, " Even I am feeling very hot" and saying this adjusted
her petticoat below her navel. I was now in the process of forming a
mental image of her body. Her pink colored sexy petticoat, her deep
navel, her flat stomach, her black bra imprisoning her milky breasts,
her nipple that was clearly visible and her deep cleavage of which
nothing was left hidden. Suddenly Bhabhi came out of the bathroom and
she expressed no shock or surprise on seeing her elder sister
scantily dressed. Neha went to the bathroom and as she was walking to
the bathroom I noticed her back. Her bra strap was clinging tightly
to her body and her wide buttocks were protruding out from her pink
petticoat.

I now looked at Bhabhi. One look at her and it sent my already rock
hard cock even harder. She was wearing a silky nighty of yellow
color. The nighty was a perfect see-through. Inside she was wearing a
yellow color petticoat and a black bra. Her bra cups were clearly
visible through her nighty. Around 5 P.M in the evening Deepa got up
and she said that we play something. Bhabhi asked her what she wanted
to play. She said that she wants to play kabbadi. So Bhabhi said," Me
and Deepa will be in one team, Sunny and Neha will be in the other
team," but Neha said that she is not feeling like playing. So Bhabhi
and Deepa were in one team and I was alone in the other team. Neha
sat nearby to watch the game. firstly, Bhabhi came to my side
chanting "kabbadi..." I was staring more at Bhabhi's anatomy which
was all the while more visible whenever she bent. Her breast clad by
the black bra was becoming more and more visible.

I caught hold of Bhabhi from behind and had a good grip on her
stomach. My dick was as such rock hard and I was having a difficult
time holding Bhabhi's stomach and controlling the pain in which I was
reeling. Now as Bhabhi's nighty was made out of silky material, she
was able to break loose my grip and get onto the other side. I then
protested, "Bhabhi, your nighty is made up of slippery material and
that is why you escaped, you please change your nighty." Bhabhi
said, " Now who has the time to change the nighty. I will remove it
for you." saying this, she unhooked the front of her nighty and
holding the hem of her nighty pulled it above her head. My goodness,
I had my tongue caught between my teeth as I looked at Bhabhi who was
now wearing a yellow petticoat below her navel and a black bra. She
was smiling naughtily and she said pointing to her clothing, "This is
my bra and it is made up of cotton. My petticoat is also made of the
same material and now you cannot complain anything about my
clothing." Neha was laughing loudly at this. Now I knew that these
two were real bitches and I will royally fuck them before leaving for
delhi. But still I was not able to muster the courage. I then went to
their side chanting "kabbadi..." I was not able to concentrate on the
game and Bhabhi would occasionally bent and expose more of her
cleavage for me. Neha was all the while having a good time laughing.
next when Bhabhi came to my court, I held her tightly from behind.
This time deciding not to let her go. She started struggling in my
grasp. My dick was hard and it was rubbing against her ass on the
fabric of her petticoat and from behind I was getting a better view
of her breasts now jumping in and out of her black bra owing to her
rigorous body movements.

All of a sudden without any warning she brought her hand behind and
gave my dick a sudden and violent squeeze. I yelled and let her go.
She reached her court and said that it was an escape at the nick of
the moment. Now I understood that the bitch wanted to play dirt. Now
when I went to her court, I went near her and gave her breasts a
mighty squeeze. She yelled loudly and simultaneously started
laughing. Deepa was not able to understand anything. The next time
Bhabhi came to my court, I decided to play a little more dirty game.
I caught hold of her black bra from the front and told her, "Now you
won't be able to get away from me this time." She winked at me and in
one swift action took her hand behind, unhooked her bra and let it
come off through her hands. She got back to her court bare breasted
leaving the black bra in my hands. I was stunned. She was laughing
voraciously along with Neha and I was looking at her breasts.

Magnificent in size and shape with the same sized nipples as her
elder sister. I took the bra to my nose and started smelling it. I
noticed the size tag on her bra. It read 40 inch - 100-cm. Bhabhi
came to my court and asked for her bra. Now it was my turn. I quickly
put the bra inside my pyjama and asked her to take it if she wants
it. She looked at her sister for a moment and then took my hand and
placed it on her breast. I just lost control of myself and started
squeezing her boobs and fondling them. I pressed her boobs hard and
started playing with her nipples. I tuned them and soon they became
rock hard. Bhabhi turned to Neha and said, "Didi, you put Deepa into
sleep and come to my bedroom. tonight is party time." Saying this she
dragged me to her bedroom. I was still clinging onto her breast. once
inside the bedroom, she pulled the string of my pyjama and got it
down. the bra was inside my underwear and so she had to pull down my
underwear. She got me off my underwear.

The bra was now hanging from my dick on one of its straps. With the
bra hanging, she took my shaft inside her mouth and gave me a good
blowjob. I came instantaneously and she took the entire thing in her
mouth. She was still wearing her petticoat. I untied the knot of her
petticoat by my teeth and had it down instantaneously. She was
wearing a red colored panty. I was about to pull her panty down when
she asked me to wait. She sat on the bed and laid me on her lap,
lifting my head to her nipples, she guided one of them inside me. I
started sucking them as hard as I could. At that moment Neha joined
us. She came near me and asked me to help strip her. I pulled the
pallo of her saree and unwound it around her. She was wearing a pink
colored blouse and a matching petticoat. I started tracing my hand on
her boobs. she liked that tickling sensation. Then I went behind her
and I squeezed her boobs from behind.

She yelled aloud. I then came to her front and started unhooking her
blouse gradually. She was moaning and biting her lips. I removed her
blouse and this time she was wearing a bra with the nipple completely
exposed. She had actually cut her bra at the place where the nipple
would thrust out. I could not control on seeing this and started
sucking her breasts. Being a breast-feeding mother milk started
oozing out and I started sucking harder. After about five minutes of
sucking at one breast, I switched my attention to the next. I then
unhooked her bra and untied her petticoat. I helped both of them
remove their panties and made both of them lie on the bed. That night
I really feasted myself on them. The next day the three of us took
bath together and till my parents came from bangalore we had a great
time. Now Bhabhi has gone to the states and Neha has shifted to
Kuwait, but the memory of those days is still fresh in my mind.



