Naked Girl At -27° C
by longtoad85667

Two men walk in the park in winter. They met a naked woman.

This is the true story about how I met with an unusual Russian girl Natalia. That happened to me during my trip to the city Vladivostok, in the far East of Russia. I came to Vladivostok at the end of December 2016, to attend an international scientific conference on the effects of Global Warming. On January 3rd, after the conference discussions were over, my friend Vladimir from the Russian Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute, or AARI, offered to give me a tour of the city.

He said, that I should dress well for the tour, because, ironically, the weather outside was far from warming. It was -27° C below zero outside (-16.6 degrees Fahrenheit).

I put on myself a sweater, warm underwear, and two pair of socks. I left my hotel room dressed in a warm winter parka, winter hat, and boots, with mittens and scarf. Although I study Arctics and I've been on the polar station before, I am a scientist, not a polar bear, and I always dress well in winter.

I met with Vladimir in the hotel lobby. He was also well dressed, in a winter coat, hat, and boots. We went with him on a tour around the city. He showed to me local attractions and places: port, fortress, museum. Then we decided to walk in Pokrovsky park. Vladimir said that the park was a favorite place of recreation for the residents. But that day the park was almost empty. Even the hardy locals avoided walking on a street because of the cold. We walked along the alley. The ground was covered with fresh snow. Benches on the sides of an alley were hardly visible under the snow. A few hardy pedestrians walked by without paying to us any attention, keeping their heads down, and hands inside their pockets, from the cold wind.

Suddenly we saw an unusual sight. A young slim woman ran toward us, along the snow-covered park alley. She was completely naked and barefooted, except, by some strange oddity, she wore a small blue hat on her head. Her long blonde hair was flying in the wind. She seemed to be completely at peace, and unconcerned by the cold. Rare pedestrians looked at her with amusement and shook their heads.

When she ran close to us we spoke to her, and she stopped for a moment.

"Why are you naked in such cold weather, what happened?" my friend asked her. "Do you need any help? What's your name?"

The woman laughed, then replied. "Nothing happened! I always run naked in this park, every day, rain or shine. My name is Natalia, by the way."

We looked at her and each other in disbelieve. "How that's possible?" I asked her.

I knew from my experience how dangerous the cold could be. Once, when I worked in Arctics, I went outside at temperature -27 C in a warm winter jacket and boots, but without gloves. The cold air bit my exposed hands and fingers. After staying outside for one hour without gloves I got frostbites on the fingers and later I spent a few days with bandages on my hands, recovering from that. And comparative to that, this young woman was completely naked and barefoot outside in such severe cold.

"I am running every day to keep myself in shape," she explained to us smiling. "Running in the cold weather makes me lose a lot of calories. Although rarely it is cold as today. I usually run 10 kilometers every day, but today I will probably cut to just 5 km because of cold weather."

We asked her why she exercised so vigorously and resolutely despite the weather. Natalia said that she is a ballet dancer, she must stay in shape. She said that she was gaining weight, and the director has nearly kicked her out of the troupe. Because of that, she started running in winter to lose her pounds. But later she discovered the joy of running naked, especially in winter. This was her way of keeping her body firm and lean.

All the time while she talked to us, Natalia jumped and jogged in place, to keep herself warm.

"I apologize for not standing still," she said, "because I need to keep moving. If I stop, then I would freeze very quickly."

We asked Natalia's permission to take pictures, and she allowed that, although she asked not to upload them to the net immediately, wait a few years.

We asked Natalia if she ever had trouble with residents or police for being naked outside.

"Yes," she said. "Some residents do not understand me." She laughed.

"People are staring at me, especially in winter," she continued. "Sometimes people muttered bad words like `slut` or `crazy` but I try not to pay attention. I reply to them `I am not crazy, I am not a slut.` I just like to run naked, it is the only natural way. Then I keep running."

"But how do you feel that men are staring at you when you run naked?" I asked her.

"Oh, I love that!" Natalia laughed. "I am like a magnet for the men's eyes here. I feel so hot when they look at me when I am running by. I even forget about the cold sometimes. And women look at me with such anger or envy in the eyes when they saw me running naked. I am just laughing. Their looks make it worth it for me to endure the cold and weather elements!"

"One time," said Natalia," a man tried to chase after me in the park, probably with bad intentions. But he could not run as fast as me. So he did not catch me." Natalia laughed.

Natalia said that policemen busted her and tried to arrest her for indecent exposure a few times. She explained to the policemen that she is simply exercising and they left her alone. She said that local policemen respect the sport and this explanation was sufficient for them.

Then she said, "I am getting cold. I have to keep running. I apologize for not staying longer, but it is too cold to stand still."

"Sure, good luck," I said to her.

"Thank you for stopping to talk with us," said Vladimir.

Natalia smiled, waved her hand, then she kept running. Her slim figure disappeared behind the trees in the park. We looked at the foot traces which were left in the snow by her bare feet.

I walked with Vladimir on the park alleys and we talked about Natalia and other things for about half an hour. Then we saw Natalia again when she was running back. Her slim naked figure appeared in the alley near to us. Her hair was covered with snowflakes and her skin has got white from the cold, but Natalia smiled nevertheless.

When she passed by us, she waved her hand and said, "Hello. I am done running for today, I am running home. If you want to see me dancing on stage, then come to our ballet studio!"

In the evening that day, we booked tickets for the local ballet performance. We saw Natalia among other ballet dancers in the 2nd act of ballet "Nutcracker". She danced beautifully, like a snowflake.

* * *

*This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, business, events, and incidents are the products of the author's imagination.

Impossible, you will say? Nobody can be naked outside in such cold weather? Maybe.

But the photo set like that has been done, a Russian model naked outside at -27° C below zero.

The name of the model on the photo set was Daria.
