Girlfriend Volunteers For A Show
by gremlinpi

Girlfriend gives a sneaky performance on stage.

My girlfriend, Janet, volunteered for a kid's show. She, of course, talked me into helping too.

Janet played the part of a tree. She had a speaking part. I just helped build the set.

It's a lot of work building a set, even for a kid's show. We had to make costumes and build cardboard trees and bushes and other props. For a show that is only 25 minutes long, it's a lot of work!

The other people on the crew were fun. We all joked around and got to know each other while we worked.

Janet would be in a cardboard tree during the show. We built it around a small wooden table. She had to bend over the table and poke her head through a hole in the cardboard and say her lines. She had to hold a "surprised" look for most of the show.

While we built the tree prop, Janet joked that we should build it big enough for both of us so I could have my way with her during the performance while she was bent over the table. She said it loud enough that everyone else on the build team heard her and laughed. I didn't think she was serious, but we built her tree bigger than it needed to be anyway as a joke.

We had sex the night before the first performance.

We talked while I screwed her and she said that it might be fun if I snuck into the three with her before the performance started. She thought it would be a rush if my dick was in her while she gave her lines to a room full of little kids and no one knew she was having sex in front of everyone!

We often have kinky talk during sex, but the next day, she told me that it was ok with her if I snuck into the tree with her if I could be absolutely quiet! She even wore a dress so I would have easy access without fumbling with jeans. I could just lift her dress, pull down her underwear and stick it in!

It sounded fun to me, but I didn't think that we would get away with it. I told her that if I could sneak in without anyone noticing, I would.

Getting ready for the show was a zoo. We had two shows to do, each 25 minutes long with just 5 minutes between shows. Everything was a rush.

I really wanted to sneak into the tree with Janet like she wanted. But, I was running late and I didn't want to get caught.

As everyone was getting in position, I was walking over to Janet's tree when I saw Tom, one of the other guys on the stage crew duck into the back of Janet's tree! I saw the curtain in the back close shut.

I froze, not knowing what to do! Should I pull him out? Punch him? The kids were starting to come in and get ready for the show.

Susan, the stage manager whispered for me to get off the stage! I walked behind the curtain, my mind spinning as I imagined what Tom was doing to my girlfriend. I knew that Janet was bent over the table, wearing a dress and skimpy panties. He had to be practically on top of her or he wouldn't fit in the stage prop. I knew that Janet expected me to sneak in with her and she probably thought I was in there with her.

The room was full of 50 or so young kids. They watched the show with rapt attention. So did I!

Janet's head poked out of the hole in her tree and she looked at the kids in the audience. Her face was covered with makeup and she had the surprised look she was supposed to have until it was time for her lines.

I watched the expression on her face as it changed. She looked distracted. Her mouth was open and she was almost panting. Was Tom fucking her? It looked like it.

Janet's cue came and she made a surprised squeal like she was supposed to, but a lot louder than she did in practice. The kids laughed and Janet delivered her lines. She was very expressive.

The first show was over. The kids filed out, but Susan told everyone to stay in position for the next show. It was hard to tell with the makeup, but Janet's mouth was still open and she looked like she was going to cum. I saw Susan walk over to Janet.

I went behind the curtain to where Janet's tree was. I was just a few feet away from her and could look through a break in the curtain and heard Susan and Janet talking in a low voice.

"Great show Janet! I love what you are doing with the part." They talked for a minute, then Susan leaned closer. "Is your boyfriend in there with you?"

I saw Janet nod, clearly embarrassed. Susan was a good friend of ours. She had been out drinking with us a bunch of times and we knew each other pretty well.

"I knew it! Are you guys having sex?"

"Yeah" Janet answered "For the whole show!"

"Is he in you right now?" Susan asked

"Yeah, he is fucking me in the ass." My girlfriend confessed to her friend

Susan looked surprised! "Have you ever done that before?"

Janet shook her head. "No! The first time was in front of 50 kids! He is taking advantage of the situation and oh my god! I never came many times or so hard before in my life!"

My head spun to hear my suspicions confirmed and it was even worse than I thought! Not only did Tom fuck her, but he was screwing my girlfriend in the ass right now! She never let me do that to her! And he made her cum in front of everyone!

The next group of kids started to file in and Susan walked behind the curtain and almost bumped into me!

"Oh hi!" She said. Then, she looked at me startled, and put two and two together. I saw the wheels turn in her head and she realized that it wasn't me on the stage with Janet, but Janet thought it was me. I saw her glance down and I realized that I was sporting a major erection and it made an almost comical tent in my pants. Her eyes got big and she smiled and walked away without saying anything.

Shit. Now Susan not only knew my girlfriend was getting plundered by another guy, but she knew that I was getting turned on by it!

The next show went like the first. I knew now that Janet was gasping because she was getting screwed from behind and she wasn't just acting, she wasn't just pretending to be excited but was actually having orgasms on stage!

It made me so horny that I could scream! I knew I should run on stage and pull Tom out of my girlfriend and punch him, but I didn't want to make a scene in front of the kids and besides, Tom was kind of big. I didn't know what to do.

Susan walked up next to me. "She puts on quite a performance!" She said. The double meaning was not lost on me. I was embarrassed and a little mad at her for rubbing it in. Then, she stood closer and brushed up against my erection. I thought it was an accident at first, but she reached down and squeezed me and didn't let go!

It felt good! I didn't pull away and she didn't either.

The play ended and the kids shuffled out, but Susan told me not to move and we stood and waited until we saw Tom sneak out the back of Janet's tree. I was so hard, I almost came in my pants.

Susan told me to adjust myself, then walked out on stage and congratulated everyone on a great play.

When I walked out, Janet was very happy to see me.

She kissed me and whispered in my ear. "I can't believe that you did that to me! That was the wildest thing I have ever done in my life!"

Susan came over. "Fantastic performance Janet! During tomorrow's show, you HAVE to do it EXACTLY the same way again! Do you think you could do that for me?"

Janet knew what Susan was talking about and promised that she would try but her legs were so wobbly that she had to sit!

The whole ride home, Janet wouldn't stop talking about it.

"Oh my god! Bent over that way you felt SO big! It was like your cock was twice as long as normal! Having all those people watching me get fucked was so wild. And oh my god! When you lubed up my ass! What made you think of that? My god I never came so hard! I can still feel your cum dripping out of my ass!"

She talked about it all the way back to my apartment. I wanted to tell her what really happened, but she was so happy and thought I did it. It was easier not to tell her.

When we got back, we got naked. I looked at her ass hole and even 30 minutes after Tom pulled out of her, it still looked like a wet, dark, open hole.

Janet was surprised that I was still hard after she thought I came in her three times. But really, my balls were getting sore from being aroused for so long. Janet wouldn't let me fuck her again. She was too sore, but she promised that I could do it to her again tomorrow during the show! I vowed to myself that I wouldn't let anyone else sneak into Janet's tree ahead of me!

Janet slept over. I didn't sleep much. I kept thinking about Tom fucking my girlfriend and it's hard to sleep with an erection.

When morning came, I rolled on top of Janet and kissed her good morning. She laughed when she felt my hardness poke her stomach, but she wouldn't let me make love to her. She told me to save it for the show!

We finally got to the show. Tonight we had three shows to do. I looked forward to spurting in Janet's ass, then leaving it in until I got hard again. I wanted to fuck her for the whole hour and a half.

Like last time, the stage before the show was chaos. I started to follow Janet into the tree, but Lisa, another one of the women in the play needed my help to move some tables.

What could I do? I had to help Lisa move the tables. By the time we were done, the kids started to arrive for the first play. I missed my chance again!

I looked around and saw Tom. He smiled back at me, the cocky jerk, so at least I knew he wasn't screwing my girlfriend again.

I stood next to Susan and watched the performance. Janet seemed a little less distracted today, but she still seemed to be panting. Was it acting or was there someone else in there with her? The more I watched the more I suspected that someone was fucking her. But if it wasn't Tom, then who was it?

I looked around and counted the guys. I didn't see Bill anywhere.

Was Bill fucking Janet? My erection grew in my pants.

I looked at Susan and she smiled and looked back at me. She glanced down and saw the tent in my pants and grinned. She brushed her hand against it and felt how hard I was.

As we watched the show, Susan kept bumping my erection with her hand. It wasn't very overt, but it felt really good.

As the first show wrapped up, Susan asked me for help getting the kids to line up for the walk back to their classroom.

As the kids walked out the side of the stage to line up, I noticed Bill leaving Janet's tree. I saw him high-five Andy as Andy ducked into the tree! Shit! Now Andy was going to screw my girlfriend!

Once the teachers finally got the kids, I looked over to Janet. Her mouth was open and her face was tensed up and convulsed like she was having a very intense orgasm.

Susan stood next to me and we watched Janet as the room filled with kids for the 2nd show of the day.

"Lisa used to date Andy and Lisa said that Andy had a HUGE cock." Susan whispered in my ear. "Lisa said that it was at least 10 inches long and very thick. If Andy tries fuck Janet's ass with it, she will squeal like a stuck pig and it didn't matter how many kids are watching."

We watched Janet try not to respond to Andy fucking her. She wasn't doing very well. She seemed to enjoy it a lot.

"Come on. Let's go sit down and get a better view." Susan said

"But, she will see me and know it's not me!" I said

"Oh, I think she knew it wasn't you the second Andy slid into her." Susan said.

I followed Susan to some empty seats in the first row. Janet saw me and even around her makeup, I could see her face turn red.

Janet was very distracted. She even missed her cue and the kids laughed.

"Do you think Andy will leave for the last show? Maybe I can see her then? I asked Susan

"Sorry. Dan goes after Andy. " Susan whispered

"There's a schedule? A schedule to screw my girlfriend? Does she know?" I asked her

"No! And she would be pissed at you if she ever found out! After all, you were supposed to be in there, and instead, you let every guy on the crew screw her!" Susan said

"I didn't do that! I had to work for the show!" I tried to defend myself.

"Don't worry. She will think you fucked her during the first show and dumped your load in her ass, then left and some other guy snuck in for sloppy seconds. If anything, she will keep it a secret and never say anything about it. Well, unless..." Susan said.

"Unless what?" I asked

"Well, if you get back home and your dick doesn't smell like pussy and ass, then she will know that you never touched her and just let other guys have her." Susan pointed out

"Shit! What do I do?" I asked her

"I have an idea. Play cool until the 3rd show." Susan told me, then wouldn't answer any more questions.

I had to watch Janet struggle to control the expression on her face. She kept looking at me, but wouldn't make eye contact. She looked like she struggled to finish the show.

While the kids left and the last group entered, I saw Andy leave and Dan take his place. We watched Janet's expression when he entered her. She just looked resigned and let him fuck her. If I looked closely, I could see her body move with Dan's thrusts.

"I hear that Dan has a thing for anal sex" Susan whispered to me. "And Sarah says that his dick is very long but thin."

I watched Janet's expression change as she respond to Dan. I wondered if he had his dick in her ass now?

"So what's your idea?" I asked her

"Follow me and see!" She answered

I figured that Susan would let me fuck Lisa at the end of the show. But, she led me to a room behind the stage and locked the door.

"Hurry! We only have 15 minutes!" She told me as she felt me through my pants and handed me a small bottle of lube.

For the next 15 minutes, I got to fuck Susan in both her pussy and ass! She didn't let me cum in her, but it was still awesome. It was the first time I ever had anal sex and it was great! Susan came a bunch of times.

I was still a little mad at Susan for helping to set up Janet, but it is hard to stay mad at a woman that lets you screw her in the ass.

Janet could hardly walk after the show. She had to sit because her legs shook so badly. I noticed that her underwear was gone. It must have been a souvenir for one of the guys.

Janet was quiet on the way back. Susan was right. She didn't say anything about sex until she got a sniff of my crotch and she was sure I was one of the guys that screwed her. She thanked me for the great ass fuck! I don't think she had any idea who had sex with her.

When I got her home, I got her undressed. She didn't want to let me see her. She wanted to shower first. But, I didn't let her. Her ass looked like a train tunnel. A sloppy train tunnel with cum leaking out of it! I squirted some of Susan's lube in her ass, and I slid my dick into her. It was no problem getting in after Andy's monster stretched her open. Even after having sex with Susan, I was rock-hard again.

Janet came like a mad woman.

She really is a slut.
