The recent success of Jana Kramer's song "I Got the Boy" had caused her to do a lot of reminiscing lately.
Too many that are fans of her or the song, it is no secret that the song is about a past love of hers that she wasn't quite able to make things work out with.
What many don't know is that the song also has a sexual meeting to her, as Jana had always been able to have any guy she wanted for as long as she could remember.
And I was the exception, which is how the song came to be.
So after the song was released, and the story behind the song (or at least the one Jana was willing to tell), started being told, I figured it was only a matter of time before she came calling to try and fix the problem she lives with every day.
"You know you're the only guy I've ever wanted to sleep with that I never got into bed with me right? That's not easy for someone like me to take, you know," she told me one night when she contacted me by e-mail, the conversation we were having quickly taking us back to old times as we picked up by phone where we had left off by e-mail.
"I was young and dumb back then Jana. But even if I wanted to help you correct that now, we both know that you are married and off-limits for me," I told her when she called me up wanting to set up a time to meet with me, which only proved to frustrate Jana even more.
"I admire the way you play "hard to get" with me John. But let's not beat around the bush. You have a hot, sexy country star begging you to have sex with her, so you'd be foolish one if you turned me down this time around," Jana told me as she turned up the heat, knowing she had me right where she wanted me by the time we hung up the phone and said goodbye to each other.
A few nights later, when the night came that we had agreed to meet up, I still had plans to play hard to get, but after I took one look at the way Jana was dressed when I opened my door and saw her standing on the other side of it, those plans went out the door.
"GOD DAMN Jana..." I whispered as I saw her standing there in a white "Route 66" t-shirt and a tight black leather pair of shorts, trying to pick my jaw up off the floor as I let her in.
"I knew this would make a good impression on you John. We hadn't talked in almost ten years before I decided to seek you out when the song hit it big. But I always have known what you like," she told me as she had a seat on the couch in my living room, declining my invitation to bring her something to drink.
"I'd rather just talk," she told me as I sat on the couch next to her and started reminiscing on some old times again, both of us wondering by the end of the conversation why it was that we had never hooked up.
"I was so, so stupid Jana. Young and dumb is never a good mix," I told her as I leaned into kiss her, the hour or so we had spent talking finally resulting in me giving in and making a move on her.
"MMM...kiss me boy...I want the man now..." she hissed as we started swapping spit, Jana's wedding ring shining on her finger and lighting up the room as it caught the light just right.
"You know John...if you had hooked up with me back then, you'd probably be the one married to me right now," she whispered as she pushed me down onto the couch, climbing on top of me as I pulled off her shirt and started sliding her shorts down.
"Guess I'll just have to settle for this then," I teased her as she tugged at my shorts, pulling them down as her other hand pulled off my shirt.
"I know just how we need to begin things," she whispered as she crawled between my legs and wrapped her hands around my dick, stroking it a few times before wrapping her mouth around and starting to suck me off as I laid on the couch.
"FUCK...those lips sure do feel good on my dick Jana baby..." I hissed, giving in and finally letting her do whatever she wanted to me as she started vigorously sucking my dick, her hands stroking the base of it as she took more and more of it into her mouth.
"MMM..." she hissed as she worked me over, her gorgeous brown eyes closing as she ran her tongue along the tip of my cock, causing me to shudder in pre- orgasmic bliss as I shoved my hips into her face and sent my dick to the back of her throat.
"Gonna...cum..." I hissed, my eyes rolling back into my head as Jana picked up the tempo of her blow job, wrapping her hands around my dick to hold it in place as she deep-throated it, winking at me as I gave her one last pump of my hips and came down her throat.
"MMM...let me have your cum..." she softly purred as I started shooting it to the back of her throat, her eyes closing once again as she quickly drank it down and crawled up my body to lay a kiss on me.
"If we're going to do this, we might as well do this right," I told her after we had been making out for a while, trying to push her away so I could lead her to the bedroom.
"I want you right here...right now baby..." Jana whispered as she laid down on the couch and spread her legs high in the air for me, sliding a few fingers into her pussy and starting to fuck herself with them as I climbed on top of her and ran my dick along her cunt lips.
"How can I resist a request like that? Even if you would be cheating on your husband," I told her as I started kissing her neck, sliding my dick inside of her hot, tight pussy and beginning to thrust it in and out of her.
"FUCK...YES..." Jana hissed when she felt my dick invading her snatch, her walls wrapping around it and pulling on it as I drove it deeper and deeper inside of her.
"God you feel good Jana. And tight, too," I moaned as I hammered into her pussy, her back arching and her hips twisting around it as she threw her legs onto my shoulders, giving me more of her cunt to enjoy.
"MMM...MMM...fuck me with that dick baby..." Jana moaned as I fucked her, her nails digging into my back as I buried my dick deep into her pussy, finding het g-spot and starting to thrust into it as she arched her back even higher in response.
"Cum for me Jana. God I want to cum in your pussy so bad," I whispered to her as I started to suck on her tits, her walls tightening up on my dick once more as I buried it balls-deep inside of her and left it there as she threw her head back and came all over my dick.
"OHGODOHGOD...fuck me John...cumming for you...FUCK YES..." she screamed out as she shot her juices out, wrapping her long legs around my waist and squeezing them tight around me as she rode out her orgasm, the pressure her pussy was putting on my dick too much for me to take.
"Cumming Jana," I whispered as I gave her a few hard thrusts and came in her pussy, thick gobs of my seed flooding into her womb as I held myself deep inside of her and deposited it deep into her baby factory, finally pulling out of her after shooting a few more loads into her.
"FUCK that was great," she purred, keeping her legs locked around me as we started making out.
"Let's go to the bedroom Jana. Cause every time I lay down in my bed, I want to remember this day," I told her as I picked her up and carried her down the hall to the bedroom, her legs locked around my waist the whole way.
"Let's get you on the bed," I whispered to her as I placed her flat on her back, her legs wrapping around my waist as I straddled her and slid my dick inside of her again.
"Fuck...me..." Jana hissed as I started thrusting in and out of her again, her walls wrapping tightly around my dick as I beat her cunt for the second time.
"Don't have to tell me twice. We realty should have done this a long time ago," I told her as drove myself in and out of her, her walls clinging to my dick as I started sucking on her tits.
"OHGOD...OHGOD...YES..." Jana purred as she threw her head back, her eyes rolling back into her head as I found her g-spot again and started pounding away on it, her hips swinging back and forth as she started to cum for me again.
"MMM...OHGOD...cumming..." she moaned as she lifted her hips off the bed, ripping at the bed sheets as she fired off more loads of her cum all over my dick as I grabbed her hips and started thrusting deeper and faster.
"Gonna cum in you again Jana," I told her as I held myself inside of her, moving my hips back and forth until the squeezing of her cunt muscles around my dick was too much to take.
"FFFUUUUCCCCKKKK..." she hissed when she felt me thrust into her one last time and cum into her pussy for a second time, spreading my seed deep into her womb as she hung her legs limply off the bed.
"Fuck my ass," she whispered to me softly as we made out on the bed, her hands squeezing my dick to make sure it was still hot for her as I told her to bend over the bed, coming up behind her and grabbing her hips as I ran my dick along her ass cheeks.
"Such a tight little ass. It'll be my pleasure to fuck it," I whispered to her as I slid into her ass and started thrusting away, her anal ring ripping and pulling on my dick as I pushed my hips into hers.
"OHGODYES...fuck my slutty ass..." she moaned as I pulled on her hips, pulling on her hair as I beat up her ass.
"Might have to put another load in your pussy before I let you leave me," I teased her she started to cum, a thin line of her cunt juice running down her legs as I came into her ass, her anal walls clamping down on my dick as I filled her bowels with my cum, finally pulling out of her after I emptied my balls into her ass.
"One more for the road," I told Jana as I kissed her neck and slid into her, knowing I probably would never see her again after our time together was finished, sliding my dick over her cunt lips and pushing it into her one last time.
"FUCK YES...OHGOD...more...harder..." Jana moaned as I grabbed a death grip on her hips, using them to propel myself deep into her pussy, the head of my cock nudging up against the entrance to her cervix as I roughly fucked her from behind.
"So tight. I'm glad we could finally right this wrong Jana," I whispered to her as I pounded away on her pussy, slapping her ass every time I thrust my dick into her hot, tight cunt.
"FUCKFUCKFUCK...YESYESYES...gonna cum..." she purred as I grabbed a handful of her hair, her pussy tightening around my dick as she started to cum all over my dick for the third time, her cunt juice spraying my cock as I grabbed a hold of her hips and started quickening my thrusts into them.
"You feel so good..." I whispered as I started unloading my cum into her, spraying it deep into her womb as I came in her pussy for the final time.
"MMM...UH," she purred as my cum flowed into her pussy, throwing her hips back into mine as I finished filling her, kissed her neck, and pulled out of her for the last time.
"Forget getting the boy. Looks like I just got the man," Jana teased me as she made out with me one last time, her legs hooking around mine as I sucked on her tits for a few minutes before wrapping things up with her.
"I know I'll probably never see you again Jana. So thanks for ending things between us on such a good note," I told her as I gave her one last kiss and watched her go, stroking my dick as I watched her ass bounce in the shorts she was once again the whole way to her car.
And that was the last I saw, or even heard, from her, until she called me a few months later to tell me the news that would once again change our relationship.
"John...John. Pick up the phone honey. I'm pregnant and it's your baby," she told me as she spoke to my machine, causing me to go running to the phone to pick it up as she explained to me that due to her tour schedule, she had been unable to see her husband since the night we were together, thus it had to be mine.
"Jana listen. Let me take you out to dinner so we can discuss this. I assume your husband doesn't know, and we need to make sure it doesn't get out before he does," I told her, doing a silent little dance as I thought about all of the possible ramifications from me knocking her up, and whether or not we would be starting a new life together because of it.