Funny now 

This happened almost 5 years ago and it took almost a year for me to find humor in it. Afterwards it began to arouse me when I thought about it and thats when I intentionally began exposing myself. For the last 4 years I have went out of my way to have men see me naked. Through open windows, public parks, small motels and often dressing rooms in department stores.

I was set up by a so called friend at a seashore, high school, reunion party. There were about 40 of us altogether and more than half were guys. It was at a very large beach house that was someones parents property. I stayed at a motel only a few blocks away since it was a weekend event. We had a great time and on Sunday had to check out of the motel by 11 am. My friend pursuaded me to stay until evening so we went back to the beach house for the day. We went to the beach for awaile and about 5 pm decided to go home. I went into the cabana, which was equipped with a shower to clean up and change out of my bathing suit. I took a shower and got dressed and within and hour drove back home. I was actually amazed at the time, how all the guys came out to say goodby to me and all hugged and kissed me, thanking me for coming. Most of them complimented me on how good I looked and how pretty I was, some telling me I had a great body. 

The following weekend one of my girlfriends came to my apartment telling me they had a tape of me in the shower. I thought she was joking about it at first but she told me her boyfriend had seen it. She also told me that while I was in the shower that day there were 8 or 10 guys in the family room watching me on the tv set as it was being recorded. I still couldn't believe it but a few weeks later she pursuaded her boyfriend to get a copy of it. She brought it to my apartment admitting she had watched it and right away told me not to. I put it on and sat to watch it and was in tears the first minute of it and histerical. My girfriend got up and urned it off and she tried to console me for several hours. When she left I made her leave it with me but for some reason never looked at it again until the next day after work.

I made up my mind to watch it and think I was crying most of the time. I'm not sure where the lens could have been but it was focused in the shower room that also had a toilet and sink. It showed everything, from me taking off my bathing suit and showering until I got dressed to go home. There were shelves on the towel rack and I suspect thats where the camera lens was. The tape went on for about 25 minutes and most of the time I was totally naked. The most humiliating portions of it were when I used the toilet and at one time stood in front of the mirror touching and looking at my breasts. It was embarrassing just watching myself and I can't imagine how those guys reacted to it when they even watch it as I was in there. I was so mortified by some of the things I did while they watched me I was crying and shaking. I didn't masturbate or anything like that but did things I would only do in total privacy. I touch my vagina a few times and it was clear that they also watched me wipe myself after urinating. 

Many of my girlfriends knew of it but few have seen it. I still don't know how many guys saw it and am still not sure how many were present when it was filmed. I talked and sometimes hollared at some of the guys I knew were there, but most of them denied seeing the tape or being in the room when it was being done. I was teased about it many times and a few guys I don't know very well had made remarks about it. I have no way of knowing how many people have seen it. I ended up watching it several times over a few months and each time saw silly embarrassing things I did at the time. I finally destroyed it and over many months didn't think about it as much. About a year went by and one night I was laying in bed thinking about it and found myself getting aroused with the thought of being seen nude like that by so many guys. I masturbated with the thoughts and orgasmed a couple times.

My office moved to Proividence RI the following year and I moved out of state. I was no longer humiliated by it but turned on at the aspect that there were so many that had seen me naked. Thats when I started to expose myself and started to realize how much it turned me on. The first time I actually let a man see me naked was at my new apartment. There was a workman in the driveway fixing the air conditioner for the aparmrnt next door. My bedroom window was open and I undressed knowing he was watching me. For almost an hour I stayed naked and at one time just jumped in the shower to get wet, then back to my bedroom so he could see me dry myself. It aroused me so much I began to masturbate and know he came closer to my window. Since then dozens of men have seen me naked. I have a steady boyfriend right now but never tell anyone what I have been doing for the last 4 years. I have told several people about the film that was taken of me years ago and today it is humorous to me and I have shared a laugh with some friends about it. They do tell me how awful it must have been but so far all have found it a funny story. I do tell them I was humiliated by it but have yet to admit that I have become an exibitionist. I visit my mom in Boston quite often and still see old friends. Some of them still bring it up at times but now we just laugh about it. None of them know what it has done to me. What originally caused me so much humiliation has turned into a compulsion to be seen naked. I get wet just thinking about it sometimes and wonder if that tape is still being watched by those guys or how many have actually seen it. 
