Author: MikeCA
Title: The Movie
Part: Chapter 4
Universe: Pure Strip Poker
Summary: Lary meets Mary and is drawn into a series of strip poker games as their relationship slowly develops.
Keywords: MF, strippoker
===========================================================
WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS MATERIAL OF A SEXUAL NATURE, AND 
MAY INCLUDE GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS OF CONSENTUAL SEX. IF YOU FIND 
SUCH MATERIAL OFFENSIVE, ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE STATE 
OR COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU RESIDE PROHIBITS SUCH MATERIAL, THEN 
DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER. THIS STORY IS EROTIC FICTION INTENDED 
FOR ADULT ENTERTAINMENT. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT NECESSAARILY 
CONDONE OR ENDORSE THE BEHAVIOR DESCRIBED IN THIS STORY. ALL 
PERSONS AND EVENTS IN THIS STORY ARE FICTITIOUS AND ANY 
SIMILARITY TO PERSONS LIVING OR DEAD OR TO ACTUAL EVENTS IS 
PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
===========================================================

Pure Strip Poker

By MikeCA (mikeca42@gmail.com)

@(C) Copyright 1998-9 by MikeCA, all rights reserved, except those 
described below. Permission is granted to download, archive, and 
repost provided that the contents are not altered, including the 
disclaimers, copyrights and limitations on use and provided that no 
fee is charged for access.


Pure Strip Poker

Chapter 4 The Movie

I picked Mary up at her dorm the next night and we walked over to 
the theater, where we were suppose to meet the others. 

"I talked to Sharon today," Mary said as we walked along. "She is 
fine. You don't need to worry about her. She is already figuring out 
what to do for the next game, assuming, of course, that you don't 
chicken out. Sharon really has some interesting ideas for the next 
game."

"I don't know if I like the sound of that," I said. "You know the old 
Chinese curse: `May you live in interesting times'. Maybe I should 
just quit while I'm ahead."

"Oh... So your going to wimp out on us and deny the lady a chance to 
get even."

"Well, as I recall, it was a couple of guys who lost it all in the first 
game," I said. "So I would say that things are already pretty much 
even."

"Well, we have to think things over for little while, but I think you'll 
like Sharon's ideas when you hear them," Mary replied.

I decided to change the subject. "How did you do your midterms?" I 
asked.

"I did ok," Mary replied. "I guess I shouldn't complain, but I really 
expected as hard as I studied, I would ace most of them. I'm really 
wondering if I'm cut out to be an engineer. What about you? How did 
you do?"

"I did ok in everything, except German," I replied. Actually, I got an 
A on all my midterms, except in German, but after what Mary had 
said, I didn't want to boast about it. "I barely got a C in German. I'm 
going to have to work really hard on German just to pass."

When we got to the theater, there already were two girls out front 
Mary recognized, but I didn't. Mary introduced me to Vicky and 
Kathy, or Kat for short. This was Kathy with a K, not be confused 
with Cathy with a C, who I had seen a lot of during the strip poker 
game the night before. Vicky and Kat were also engineering students, 
like Mary, but they were sophomores and lived together in the 
University Terraces apartments. 

While we chatted, Betty arrived with Joe from last night's game. 
Well, at least I was not going to be the only guy with this group of 
female engineering students. However, Betty had been at the first strip 
poker game, and had seen me without my shorts. That somehow made 
me feel uncomfortable. Mary had, of course, seen me too, and, in fact, 
Mary probably got a better look than Betty did, but somehow that 
didn't bother me the way Betty presence did.

I leaned over and whispered into Mary's ear. "How many more people 
who've seen me naked are you expecting tonight?" I asked.

Mary giggled. "None, that I know of." 

Then Mary pulled my ear down and whispered to me. "Don't worry, 
Betty will be very cool about it. She's not going to blab about it here."

Next a guy arrived by himself. Jack was another engineering student. 
All the girls seemed to know him, but after we got into the movie, he 
sat next to Kat. 

Finally three more girls and one guy arrived in a group. The girls were 
Pam, Connie and Leslie, and the guy was Phil. Phil looked familiar 
but I couldn't place him. It turned out he lived in my dorm, which is 
where I must have seen him. Phil, Pam and Leslie were all 
Engineering students, but Connie, refreshingly, was a music major. 
Phil and Leslie had obviously come together, but I never did figure 
out what connection, if any, Pam or Connie had with Leslie or Phil.

These were apparently the last people we were expecting, because 
after they arrived, we all went into the theater.

The movie was one of those romantic comedies where the star-crossed 
lovers miss connecting over and over, until the final scene, when they 
finally find true love in each other's arms. There was no real suspense 
in this. From the very first scene in the movie, it was obvious that in 
the last scene the actor and actress who had their names above the title 
would be in each other's arms as the credits rolled. The only question 
is what amusing adventures would they have along the way. 
Definitely not a guy movie, but the girls all seem to like it, and they 
were apparently the ones who picked this movie in the first place. 

The movie was out just before 9. Kat suggested that we all come over 
to her and Vicky's apartment, as she put it "To watch some TV or 
whatever." It was still early, and we all agreed, except for Phil and 
Leslie, who said they had something better to do. I could guess what 
that something better was. The rest of us walked the two blocks to 
University Terraces. 

U Terraces, as it was usually known, is a fairly new, apartment 
building, but it reminded me of a dorm. The way the lobby and 
hallways are decorated just strike me as having that institutionally 
bland quality which is the hallmark of dorm decor. The apartments 
themselves are small and furnished with what I swear is the same 
furniture my dentist has in his waiting room. In spite of this, Kat and 
Vicky had done a good job of decorating, and their apartment looked 
like real people lived in it. There was one room, which served as the 
living room, dinning room and kitchenette, and then there were two 
very small bedrooms. 

With all nine of us in the living room/kitchenette the apartment felt 
crowded. Jack turned on the TV and then began the male past time of 
channel surfing, but Vicky and Kat did not have cable, so you could 
only get 4 channels. There wasn't anything he or anyone else was 
interested in listening to, so he turned it off.

It looked like we were going to have to do some "whatever".

"Where is Stan tonight?" Mary asked Vicky.

"Stan, huh," Vicky replied. "He was only interested in one thing, and I 
said no. He's probably out looking for some new conquest tonight."

"That's to bad," Mary replied. "He seemed like a nice enough guy."

"That's because you have never been out with him," answered Vicky. 
"Stan cannot keep his hands off of a girl, and the only thing he wants 
to do is go back to his apartment and play strip poker."

"Sounds like a good idea to me," injected Jack.

"Oh don't be silly, Jack," snapped Vicky. "Vicky's dating rule 
number 23 says never play strip poker with your date, unless you plan 
on sleeping with him, and there is no way I'm sleeping with Stan."
 
"I think you just wouldn't play strip poker period," answered Jack.

"That's not true," said Vicky defensively. "I know how to play poker 
and with the right people I would play strip poker, provided that's all 
it was. No sex, no orgy afterwards, just strip poker where the loser 
takes off his clothes."

"His clothes?" responded Jack. "I think that should be her clothes."

Vicky smiled, and turned to Kat. "Kat, you should take Jack to one of 
Sharon's strip poker games and get this strip poker thing out of his 
system. After he loses his pants in front of a bunch of girls, he 
wouldn't act like this all the time."
 
"What strip poker game at Sharon's?" asked Jack. "How come 
nobody invited me?"

"I never mentioned it because I haven't a clue how to play poker," 
said Kat. "In a strip poker game, I might as well just take my clothes 
off at the start, cause that's what would happen anyway, if I tried to 
play."

"Sounds good to me," replied Jack. "I'll go find the cards."

"In your dreams, Jack," snapped Kat. "In your dreams."

"Well, if you're too shy for strip poker, I'm not," said Jack. "So when 
is this strip poker game at Sharon's? Maybe I'll go by myself."

"You can't," said Betty. "Only couples are allowed to play."

"Ok, how about you, Vicky?" asked Jack. "You said you knew how to 
play poker, and that you were not afraid to play strip poker. We can 
go together."

"Well, er... if its ok with Kat," said Vicky, hesitantly, looking at Kat. 

The look on Vicky's face said she was really asking Kat to get her out 
this mess she had just talked herself into. Kat, however, seemed to be 
enjoying watching Vicky squirm. 

"It's ok with me," Kat said, with a smile. "Provided, of course," she 
added. "That I get to watch Jack lose his pants."

"Then we are all set," said Jack. "When is this big game at Sharon's."

"Not so fast, hot shot," said Betty. "Spectators aren't allowed at strip 
poker games, so Kat can't tag along to watch you drop your draws." 

"Well, if I can't watch, then ... I guess you're out of luck, Jack," said 
Kat with a shrug and a smile.

Jack stared at Kat for several seconds, then turned to the rest of us. 
"So, are all the rest of you going to this big game."

I looked at Mary wondering what we were supposed to say. Finally, 
Pam broke the silence. "Actually, I think the big game was last night."

"You mean I missed it?" Jack asked. "What happened? Who lost?"

"Don't look at me," replied Pam. "I wasn't there. Mary and Betty here 
are the poker sharks."

Jack turned to Mary with a surprised look. "You played in a strip 
poker game?"

"Don't look so surprised, Jack," replied Mary. "I won too."

"Is this true, Larry?" asked Jack.

"Yeah, it true," I said. "Mary and Betty both have never even lost 
their blouse."

"Who were the losers?" asked Jack.

"Well, I'm not sure it's a good idea to say too much about who the 
losers were," said Betty.

"The way we play, the game ends when the first person `loses' all 
their clothes," said Mary, "although, in the first game two players lost 
all their clothes on the same hand."

"First game?" said Jack with surprise. "How many of these games 
have I missed."

"Just two," said Mary.

"So when is the next game," asked Jack. 

Betty and Mary looked at each other. "I don't know," Mary said.

"Strip poker does start to get a little boring after you have seen all the 
players naked," Betty said.

Mary laughed. "I talked to Sharon this morning. She has some 
interesting ideas, so there is a good chance there will be more games."

"Alright, Kat, we have to find a way to go the next game," said Jack.

"I already told you there's no way I can play in that game," replied 
Kat.

"Maybe we can get them to change the rules, or something," said 
Jack.

Pam had been sitting quietly at the side, while Jack interrogated us, 
but suddenly she spoke up. "You know last summer when I was back 
home, I went to a birthday party for a guy I had known in high school. 
The guys at the party claimed they wanted to hire a stripper for the 
party, but they couldn't afford one, so they went around asking all the 
girls at the party to volunteer to be the stripper. We all refused, of 
course. Then they dared some of the girls to play a game, with the 
loser being the stripper. I refused to do that too, but one or two girls 
had problems saying no to dares, and the guys finally convinced them 
to go along, if all the other girls would agree. I didn't like this at all, 
but I finally went along because I didn't want to be the only one."

Pam had seemed like a quiet girl, but she was clearly excited as she 
continued. "Well...for the game all the girls just took turns drawing 
cards, and whoever got some card, the ace of spades I think, had to be 
the stripper. It was a silly game, but boy was it a rush. I was never so 
terrified and well ... excited. I was terrified every time I had to draw a 
card, and ... well ... I actually was hoping someone else would get the 
card, so I didn't have to take another one. When some other girl 
finally got the card, I was really relieved, and I boy am I glad I didn't 
lose. Those guys did not treat the loser very well."

"What happened to the loser?" asked Vicky.

"Well, she tried to be a good sport about it, but she really didn't want 
to take her bra off. The guys practically ripped her bra off. After that, 
her boyfriend finally put a stop to the whole think."

"What would you have done if you had lost?" asked Connie.

"Well ... I've thought a lot about that. I'm not really sure, but I guess I 
would have done it. I would have tried to avoid taking my bra off too, 
but I didn't have a boyfriend there to save me, so I probably would 
have taken it off."

"Well there, Kat," said Jack. "You can play Pam's game. I'll get a 
deck of cards for you girls."

"No way Jack," said Kat. "It's not your birthday."

"Ooooh," said Jack. "So you will play on my birthday."

"I never said that," said Kat. "Besides, none of these other girls would 
go along with it, even on your birthday."

"Oh I don't know about that," said Jack. "Mary and Betty here are the 
strip poker champions. Vicky just told me she would play strip poker. 
I bet Pam would like to play this game again. What about you 
Connie?"

Connie giggled. "Well, I admit I have played strip poker before."

"Well..." said Jack, after a pause. "Come on Connie, what happened?"

Connie giggled again, then continued. "Last spring I went out with 
Steve from the orchestra, and he acted just like Stan. All he wanted to 
do was go back to his room and play strip poker. Well, I know how to 
play poker too, so I finally agreed, just to get a chance to show him 
up. Well, to make a long story short, I won. Steve was naked, and I 
had only lost my blouse."

"What happened after that?" asked Vicky. "Did you just leave?"

Connie giggled, and blushed a little bit. "No, I didn't leave right then. 
Steve suggested we should keep playing for favors."

"And you agreed?" asked a wide-eyed Vicky.

"Well..." replied Connie. "I still had three pieces of clothes to lose 
before I would lose a favor, so ... yeah, I agreed."

"What happened?" asked Pam.

"Well..." Connie said, obviously a little embarrassed, "I hope you 
don't think I am bad, or anything, but... well... I lost my pants, and 
then I won a favor, and ... I ...ah..."

Everyone was now staring at Connie, and she was obviously shy 
about tell this part of the story. Vicky pressed her. "What kind of a 
`favor' did you ask for?"

Connie swallowed. "I asked him to do himself, ... you know..."

"You mean jack off?" injected Jack. Connie nodded yes.

"Did he do it?" asked an even more wide-eyed Vicky.

"Yeah, he did it," said Connie with a devilish smile. "Then I got my 
clothes on and I got out of there fast."

"Weren't you taking a big chance?" asked Pam. "What would you 
have done if you lost?"

Connie hesitated. "Well, ... if I lost, ... I'd probably ended up giving 
him a ... you know..." After several seconds of silence, she finally 
added. "... a blowjob."

This story had produced a big bulge in my jeans, and I had to adjust 
my position slightly to relieve the pressure of my erection on my 
jeans. After a few seconds of silence Vicky spoke. "Boy, Connie, you 
like to live dangerously. I would never do that."

I found this whole conversation hard to believe. Were there really 
guys like Stan and Steve who's idea of a date was to ask a girl back to 
their room for strip poker that ended in sexual "favors?" Did this 
technique really work? Was it this easy to get laid? What percentage 
of girls would actually come back to your room and play strip poker 
with you? Vicky had refused Stan, but Connie had said yes to Steve. 
Would Mary come back to my room for a private strip poker game?

I turned and noticed that Mary and Kat were whispering to each other. 
Mary motioned Betty over and the three of them moved into one of 
the small bedrooms. What were they up to? 

"I agree with Vicky," said Pam. "I would only go back to a guys room 
for strip poker, if I wanted to sleep with him."

"Let me get this straight," said Jack. "If I ask a girl back to my room 
for strip poker, and she agrees, then that means she wants to sleep 
with me?"

Vicky, Pam and Connie all giggled. "I wouldn't count on it," Connie 
said. "They might just want to beat you out of your pants."

"I have never ask a girl to my room for strip poker," said Joe. "How 
many guys try this."

"I certainly never have," said Jack. "What about you Larry?"

"No, never," I said.

"I don't think there are that many guys like Stan and Steve, but they 
have to ask a lot of girls," said Connie. "Even if a girl says yes, they 
are only going to play one or two games with her. Then they get bored 
with her, and are out looking for a new opponent. Steve has hit on 
almost every girl I know in the music department."

 "I don't know about Stan, but I suspect your right Connie," said 
Vicky. "Any guy who asks you to play strip poker is not looking for a 
long term relationship. You guys shouldn't feel you've missed out on 
anything. I think you guys are all nice, even you Jack." 

If this was a random sample of girls, strip poker was looking like a 
low probability of success approach, unless the girl really wanted to 
sleep with you. If every girl always said no, you would think guys like 
Stan and Steve would stop asking quickly. The fact that there were 
guys like this means that some girls must say yes. I wonder if all these 
girls were really telling the truth about saying no?

"Well, I'm going to have to look Stan up and ask him about this strip 
poker thing," said Jack. Then Jack turned to Connie. "Do I know this 
Steve?" he asked.

"I don't think so," Connie laughed. "He plays the trombone. I could 
introduce you, but he never spoke to me after that night. I doubt he 
wants to talk about it."

"Well, I'm the height of discretion," said Jack. "If you just point him 
out to me, I would never even mention your name, much less mention 
what you did."

Another thought occurred to me. I was a virgin. Charlene had told 
Marc, my roommate, that Mary was a virgin too, but how many of 
these other people here tonight were virgins? It seemed probable that 
Jack and Kat were sleeping together. Vicky and Pam had both added 
the `unless I wanted to sleep with him' clause to their no strip poker 
declarations, so I would guess they had previous experience. Connie 
sure didn't sound inexperienced. All this talk about strip games didn't 
seem like something that you would do in front of virgins, unless you 
were trying to seduce them or something. They probably all assumed 
that since I had gone to two strip poker games with Mary, we must 
have slept together. This, of course, begged the obvious question, 
which I avoided trying to think about.

Mary, Betty and Kat had now reappeared out of the bedroom. 

"So what conspiracy have you girls cooked up tonight?" asked Jack.

"No conspiracy," said Mary. "It's just that you're such a nice guy, 
Jack, that we wanted to help you get over this strip poker thing."

"I don't want to get over it," said a smiling Jack. "I want to get into 
it."

"Well, we think we have figured out a way, if everyone agrees, to 
have a strip poker game here tonight."

Another strip poker game? This was not at all what I had in mind for 
this evening!

"We'll see how much you like strip poker after you've lost your 
pants," added Kat.

"Well, this is a pretty tough crowd," said Jack. "Mary, Betty, and 
Connie are all undefeated at this game, but I think I can beat you girls 
out of your panties."

"Well, let me explain the rules we propose. First, absolutely no sex, 
and no touching either. Since a number of people don't know how to 
play poker, and we have more girls then guys, we though we would 
play as teams. There are nine of us, so we could form three teams of 
three players each. Each team could have 2 girls and 1 guy. Each team 
would also have a couple of people who understood poker and one 
who didn't. The game would end when one of the teams had lost all 
their clothes. There would be a ten minute penalty period in which we 
all get to ogle to the losers ... ah ... natural beauty, then we put our 
clothes back on and go home."

I looked around the room. Vicky's eyes seem to be looking daggers at 
Kat. Vicky had expected Kat to get her out of her boast of being 
willing to play strip poker. Now it was going to be very hard for 
Vicky to get out of this game. Pam did not look very excited either. 
Connie had a little smile on her face, like she really liked the idea. Joe 
seemed to like the idea, and Jack, of course, loved it.

"So, who is on which team?" asked Jack.

"Hold on just a minute here," said Mary. "First let's find out if 
everyone wants to play. Does everyone agree to play."

I looked over at Vicky. She still looked rather upset, but she was no 
longer just staring at Kat. She was now looking around the room at the 
rest of us. No one raised any objections, so after a few seconds, Mary 
continued. "Ok, good. Then lets put Kat and Jack on one team, and..."

"Wait a minute," said Kat, cutting off Mary in mid-sentence. "I want 
to be able to enjoy it when Jack loses his pants. I want to be on a 
different team."

"I want to enjoy Jack losing his pants too," said Vicky.

After a few more minutes of negotiations, we decided not to put any 
couples on the same team. Mary, Pam and Jack ended up on one team. 
Vicky, Connie and Joe on another, and I was on a team with Kat and 
Betty.

While this was going on, Mary came over to talk to me. "You don't 
look to thrilled with this idea," she whispered to me. "This is every 
guys fantasy, playing strip poker with all these girls. Come on Larry, 
even if your team loses you are still going to get to see two naked 
girls."

This was true, but I had seen quite a few naked girls last night.

"Well, I sort of had a different idea of this evening," I whispered back 
to Mary.

"Yeah, I bet," Mary said. "Well, maybe we can have some time 
together after this is over. Who knows? You might get to see me 
naked tonight."

Then Mary turned to the whole group. "Now we need to decide 
exactly how we are going to play this. In the rules we have been 
using, it was five chips to each piece of clothes, but we would be here 
all night if we played by those rules with only three hands."

There followed a discussion of how to actually play. It was quickly 
agreed that only one person from each team would play each hand. 
The other members of the team could not help the players with 
deciding to bet or fold, but not all members of the team had to take a 
turn playing hands. Kat and Pam both said they did not want to play 
any hands. 

Mary proposed that we not use chips, but actually bet pieces of 
clothes. Since there were three people on a team, each team had 18 
pieces all together, so we agreed with that. 

Jack did not like everyone having to show their hand and the team 
with the low hand giving one piece to the team with the high hand. 
Jack complained this made it difficult to bluff. Mary explained this 
rule was so people wouldn't just fold all the time. Jack suggested we 
have a must bet rule in the first round instead. If any team had an 
opening hand then, the other teams had to see the one piece bet in the 
first round. Everyone agreed to that.

Betty thought with these rules the game might take way to long with 
only three hands. If none of us played stupidly, we could trade clothes 
around for hours with these rules. She proposed that each team would 
ante one piece of clothes every hand, which would go out of the game, 
and not be part of the pot. This would mean that as the hands went by 
there would be fewer and fewer pieces of clothes, so no mater how 
even the game was, eventually someone would get stripped. Everyone 
agreed to this, but Kat was worried that once a piece of clothes was 
anted away, you could never get it back, and this did not seem fair. 

"What happens if I ante my bra?" asked Kat. "If we win can I get it 
back."

"You're not wearing a bra," said Jack.

This certainly looked to be true. Kat was kind of flat chested, and I 
thought I could see the outline of her erect nipples in her tee shirt.

"Shut up, Jack," replied Kat. "I'm going to put one on in a minute."

There followed a long discussion of teams trading clothes with each 
other and with the ante pile. Finally it was decided to keep things as 
simple as possible, there would be no trading of clothes between 
teams, but you could trade one piece of your own clothes for another 
piece in the ante pile. This means, if Kat had anted her bra, and won 
her shoes back, she could trade her shoes for her bra in the ante pile.

Kat was not the only person who was not wearing six pieces of 
clothes. I did not have an undershirt, and neither did Jack or Joe. Kat 
went into her bedroom and closed the door to get a bra. I put on my 
jacket to act as a shirt, then making my tee shirt my undershirt. 
Finally, Kat came back out, now obviously with a bra under here tee 
shirt, and everybody was ready. 

Continued in Chapter 5

Comments, criticism, encouragement, corrections or suggestions are 
welcome. I try to answer all my email, although I sometimes get 
behind. MikeCA(mikeca42@gmail.com)
