
NIP 4th of July

Written by Janice   
Tuesday, 07 July 2009 18:33
Well, I went to the beach this weekend with the intent of wearing at least the sheer swimsuit and hoped for a chance to wear the other one. The one thing I did not think about was that it was the Fourth of July weekend! I am such an airhead! I made the best of a tough situation and here is the story:
I got up about 5 on Saturday morning. After showering and putting a small bag together, I left home a little after 6 am. It is a little over a 4 hour drive to where I was going. I have a friend who lives down in that area and I had made plans to spend the night with him after spending the day at the beach. The drive down went by with no problems.
I got to the beach and immediately started running into problems. The traffic in that area was horrendous and parking was not to be found. I had been here before and had never seen this kind of crowd. This area is not a big beach resort area or anything like that. I managed to get very lucky and got a parking spot within 20 minutes or so .
I grabbed my stuff and walked down to the beach. I was immediately glad that I had not worn one of the new suits down because the beach was packed with kids and families. I had thought about it but I just had a feeling that I should not. I like kids, but this was totally ridiculous. I mean, there were thousands, or so it seemed!
I walked down the beach for about a mile and the situation was not improving, so I turned back around and went back to my car. I decided to just drive down along the coastline to try to find a spot better suited for what I wanted to do.
I spent most of the next 4 hours driving around and checking various spots out. Every place I stopped was either loaded with kids, too many old folks, or too many houses or otherwise developed. The only place that had any real potential was right on the road, but even then, it would have been tough because of families in the area. I was so damned frustrated! I certainly got enough walking in for exercize. I finally gave up around 3:30 or so and called my friend to make sure he was home and it was okay to come on over.
Frank and I worked together for a number of years. He switched jobs and moved down to this area 5 or 6 years ago. We became pretty good friends during the time we worked together. I had needed help with one of my ideas and Frank seemed to be a good choice. I told him about what I liked to do and he was all for it. He helped me out a lot during the remaining time we worked together.
I arrived at Frank’s house and he met me at the door. We hugged and he fixed us something to drink. I told him about not being able to find any good places anywhere. Frank listened and said “what did you expect. It’s the Fourth of July!” I knew it was the holiday, but I guess I really never realized it at the same time! Like I said, I am such an airhead! I said that it just never occurred to me that there would be this big of a crowd at the beach. Frank said that other than today and Memorial Day weekends, it was never this crowded. He said the locals tended to stay home or leave town themselves to avoid it all.
Frank said that he had been invited over to a friend’s house later on to party and watch fireworks. He told me maybe I could salvage something of the day and it might be okay for me to do my thing there and he would call the friend to make sure. Frank filled him in and he was told that other than waiting to make sure no one brought their kids, he thought I would liven things up a little bit.
Frank fixed an early dinner for us. After eating, I went and took a shower and did my hair and makeup. I put on the sheer swimsuit and carried the other one out. Frank whistled when he saw me and said he saw why I could not wear that on the beach! I held up the other one and told him that this one did not cover, let alone hide anything. Frank laughed and said since it was all string, he guessed it did not. I said yeah, but it was pretty expensive string. I wore a men’s dress shirt over the suit to start with.
We went over to the friend’s house around 7:30. Frank introduced me around to everyone. I am horrible about remembering names and did not remember most of them almost as soon as I was introduced. There were 6 other guys and 2 women there. After a few drinks and an hour or so, Frank announces to most of those there that I was an exhibitionist. Frank is not exactly subtle sometimes! LOL Everyone looked at me and I did not know what to say, so I just smiled and shrugged. After a moment, one of the guys of the guys said, so exhibit something!
Everyone cracked up and agreed with him. I looked around and asked if everyone was sure. After everyone said yeah, I sat my drink down, unbuttoned the shirt, and slipped it off. There were several gasps and someone said that I certainly did exhibit. Everyone was cool about it though, and said that the suit was great and I had a great body, looked great, and all that stuff.
Everyone was great and quickly got used to it and acted completely normal around me. I did not notice anyone who seemed offended or uptight about my suit or anything. Everyone moved out into the back yard a little before the fireworks were to start. We stood around out there talking and after 10 minutes or so, they show started.
I was standing a little behind everyone else and Frank moved over to stand with me. Without saying anything, Frank reached over and undid the suit on top and slipped it down and off of me. I never even looked away from the fireworks as he did it. I stepped out of it and he folded it up and stuck it in the pocket of his shorts. I don’t think anyone even realized it until after the fireworks were over. Even then, all the responses I got were positive and again, no one seemed to be bothered by me I roamed around amongst everyone and was having a great time with everyone. Being the only naked person in a crowd is one of the most amazing feelings in the world. I hope I never get tired of it!
About an hour later, I had to go to the restroom. The master bathroom had been designated as the women’s restroom, so I went there and used it. I was starting to come out when one of the other women came in. She smiled at me and said hi, you are so brave to go like that. I smiled and said it was not so bad and it was such a great feeling.
She said that she had the same nightmares we all have had about going to school or work naked. I laughed and said, yeah, I had those too, but I guess I just went ahead and acted them out. She giggled and said that she was not as brave as I was.
I said I was terrible with names and asked her what her name was and she said Carol. I told her that it was not all that hard to do if someone wanted to do it. I told her the first time was scary, but that the rush you get from it really made you want to do it more. Carol said she had never real thought about it, but it did seem pretty cool. I said it sounded like she wanted to do it too and we both giggled.
She said that she was definitely going to think about it now. I told her that this was about as perfect a situation that she could have. She knew everyone and was comfortable with them, I was here, and to top it off, she could always blame it on being drunk if she needed too. Carol said all that was true, but she just was too scared. I said I understood and as long as she felt that way, then she needed to wait. I told her that she would know when the time was right when to do it.
I went back to the party and Frank and I left around 3AM. Back at Frank’s house, I went into the spare bedroom and fell asleep. I woke up around 11 on Sunday. Frank was just getting up also. He fixed breakfast as I showered and dressed. We ate and just hung around the house all afternoon, talking about old times and what was happening in our lives and all that. I ended up staying for dinner also and I did not start heading home until after 9 Sunday evening. Frank suggested that I just wear the dress shirt on the drive home. I think he just wanted to see me naked again before I left! I undressed and put it on and left shortly after that.
About halfway home, I needed to stretch my legs and go to the bathroom and pulled into a truck stop. There were only a few trucks in the parking lot and only a couple of cars. I parked near the door and went inside and made my way to the restroom. When I came out, I decided to look around for a couple of minutes. The only person I saw was a guy behind the checkout counter looking completely bored. I don’t think he even looked at me when I walked in and he was not paying any attention to me now.
I found a room toward the back that had a few slot machines and video games in it. I sat at one of the slot machines and put in a 10 dollar bill. I was playing it and looking out into the main part of the place. About the time I ran out of money in the machine, I unbuttoned the shirt and let it fall open. I put another 10 in the machine and continued to play. I took off the shirt and sat on it. I started winning a little bit and ended up sitting there naked for over an hour. I saw a couple people come and go while I played but they did not come around that area.
Finally, I lost all the money and decided it was time to go on home. I stood up and stretched and picked up the shirt. I was going to put it on, but decided to hell with it. I folded it back up and tucked it under my arm and headed to the door, he guy behind the counter did not even glance up as I approached. I could not let that happen so I said have a good night as I walked by to go out the door. I was passed him when I heard a lot of scraping and him go Whoa, wait! I turned around and looked at him. He stared at me and said you’re naked. I looked down at myself and said shrugged and said I had not noticed. I repeated have a good night and walked on out the door and got into my car. He was at the door looking as I backed out and pulled away.
There was not much traffic on the road the rest of the way home, so I remained naked. I was really disappointed in not being able to do my beach plan, but at least I was able to salvage some fn out of it. I still can’t believe I did not think about the Fourth and the crowds that would be out. LOL
