             






Nerve Endings - 2
by DeeDee (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)
***

Jan grows older and has a wild day at school with her 
two best friends. (ff-teens, exh)

***

As I grew older I began to fill out nicely, but still 
was short, and kept my little girl looks, with the 
blonde ponytail and freckles over my little pug nose. I 
was what my mom called her "little cutie".

With the exception of my breasts I could easily pass 
for a ten year old, even now as I approach my 
fourteenth birthday, being just less than five feet 
tall helps. I am really pleased with my new nipples 
which have grown longer and more conical on the ends of 
my firm round breasts. 

They stand out nicely all the time and when I get 
turned on, which is almost all the time, they really 
jut out, so that if I wear a spaghetti strap dress or 
top they keep the fabric out away from my chest and 
if I look down I can see almost all of my breasts and 
nipples clear out to the tips. This leaves an opening 
between and down the sides so everyone can see almost 
all of me. And if I lean forward on my arms on a 
counter or desk I might as well have nothing on at all. 
I love it!

I still have real sensitive skin and have to watch what 
I wear. Silk is my favorite, since it makes me feel 
sexy, and I love the little thrills that run through my 
body when the fabric slides back and forth over my 
body. Wool drives me into orgasms with very little 
motion on my part and I love the heat on my butt and 
cunt lips when it rubs me as I walk. So I usually wear 
real thin tops and skirts except to school where we 
have to wear wool skirts and vests for uniformity.

I have two real close friends at school and we get 
together to walk to class and at lunch we eat on the 
lawn or at the tables inside when it rains. They are 
both taller than me and sometimes they will introduce 
me to people as their little sister for a joke. I don't 
mind at all because I can get away with stuff that they 
can't.

One really hot sunny day in May I got up and went in to 
shower off the sweat from my previous night's 
masturbation sessions. I turned on the cold water at 
the end, and my nipples sprang out and ached so I 
rubbed them and shook as the shock ran down into my 
cunt lips. 

After I toweled off I went naked into my room and put 
on my wrap around, light white, spaghetti strap, 
midriff top, and buttoned my wrap around skirt over my 
naked butt, slid my vest on and buttoned it over my top 
and headed down to eat breakfast. I always wear 
strapless sandals with little heels that make me look 
even younger, and of course I never wear socks or 
underwear.

My mom looked over as I walked in and whistled as she 
always does at my cute little figure. I grinned and 
reached my lips up for a good morning kiss and sat down 
to eat. As always mom blushed and took a deep breath 
after the kiss. I love turning her on and the sparks 
never fail to make my cunt tingle. The wool skirt felt 
hot when I sat down so I squirmed around until my naked 
butt was on the wooden seat to ease the heat from my 
tight little buns. 

Dad walked in and sat down with a little peck on my 
cheek and we ate and I grabbed my backpack and went 
over to kiss mom goodbye. She hugged me and I placed my 
soft mouth on hers and slid my tongue over her lips as 
she shuddered and clung to me. I immediately had a mini 
orgasm as I pushed my breasts into her stomach and slid my 
knee between her legs and pressed into her mound hard. 
She gasped softly so dad wouldn't hear and slapped my 
butt, sliding her finger up between my cheeks so the 
skirt went into my crack and titillated my little 
puckered hole. 

"Have a good day at school." She stammered as I turned 
and headed out the door.

"See ya' mom, bye dad."

"Be good, sweetheart, love you." 

My two friends were waiting at my driveway and we all 
hugged and headed to school. As we walked and talked I 
began to feel the heat from the sun building in my 
body. The skirt caressed my naked butt and the silk top 
slid back and forth over my nipples. 

I began to clench and release my thigh muscles to 
squeeze my cunt lips against each other until I could 
feel them swell as my nipples hardened. The feel of my 
legs rubbing together was bringing on an orgasm as I 
walked. When we reached the stairs the orgasm broke 
over me and I gasped and shuddered as I grabbed the 
railing to keep from falling to my knees.

"Jan, are you all right?" one friend asked as she held me 
up.

"I'm okay now, I just had another orgasm," I giggled.

My two best friends have known me from my earliest days 
and are aware of my nerve ending thing. Actually they 
have said they envy me my quick orgasms, and they 
understand that I like to have them as often as 
possible.

"Lucky!" said Lou. 

"Lucky!" echoed Sally, as we all broke up laughing, and 
went on into the hall.

"Later," I said as I went into my classroom and found 
my seat in the back far right of the room. I dumped out 
my books and slid my pack over by the wall and opened 
up my text as I squirmed my skirt around so my bare 
bottom could feel the cool wooden seat.

The room was fairly warm so I unbuttoned the top 
buttons on my vest to let the air reach my breasts through 
the thin top. The teacher was droning on about sex 
education stuff as I tuned him out and checked on my 
friend sitting across the isle on my left. He smiled 
and made a kissy face as I flipped him off under my 
desk and we both muffled our laughter. 

The teacher said we would now have a short film so they 
turned the lights off as the drapes were drawn, and then the 
flick started up casting a dull glow over the room. It 
was dark enough that I could just barely see my friend 
so I slid down in my seat and unbuttoned the rest of 
the vest and pulled it open to cool my sweaty breasts. 

As I ran my hands up to move my hair out of my face my 
arms brushed against my nipples and they jumped up and 
pushed my top out so I could see my navel when I looked 
down. "God, that feels good," I thought as I hugged my 
arms over my breasts tightly, and moved my arms back and forth
sliding the fabric of my top over my nipples.

By now I was really getting horny and hot as I slid my 
hand up under my skirt and fondled my clit. I figured I 
could get away with removing my vest, so I laid it down 
by my backpack and leaned back in my seat and started 
fondling my right breast as I stroked my cunt with my 
left. 

As I began to move my hips against my hand, I reached 
around to the button on my right side and undid it, 
then released the tie on the other side, so my skirt 
came loose and the right side fell open as the other 
side slowly slid down between my legs. Now I could run 
my hand over my naked side and back to my cunt with 
nothing in the way, so I started fingering myself 
harder. The sweat was running off my nipples now and 
the light top was transparent when I looked down in the 
dull gloom.

I gasped as the orgasm started and grabbed my cunt hard 
as I came over and over. Pulling my nipples hard I 
shoved my hand into my wet opening and jerked in my seat 
as wave after wave overtook me. I couldn't control 
myself anymore as my body took over and I reached up to 
my side and undid the button and tie holding my wrap 
around top closed and it fell free exposing my right 
nipple to my hungry fingers. 

I yanked hard on my nipple as the right strap came off my 
shoulder and the top fell open exposing both my breasts 
to the warm air and I came again. I looked down and I 
could see the pretty swells of my breasts and the erect 
pink nipples in the glow from the projector as I leaned 
forward and the top slipped completely off and fell to 
the seat behind me. 

I looked over at my friend and could barely see his 
head turned in my direction and I was sure he could see 
my nipples and what I was doing to them. The rest of 
the class's eyes were glued to the screen as they showed a 
couple going through the motions of making a baby.

I was panting harder and was gasping for air as the 
left side of my skirt fell off my leg and left me 
totally naked in my seat as I stroked and pinched and 
yanked on my nipples and cunt and softly moaned," unh, unh,
unh," in time to my twitching hips, as I finger 
fucked myself furiously, until I threw my head back and 
bucked my hips in the air and came, and came, and came, 
and came, as thrills wracked my cunt over and over and 
my muscles contracted over and over until I thought I 
would pass out.

I slumped in my seat until I came around and pulled my 
top and skirt closed and slipped my vest back on over 
my top as the sweat poured down my cunt lips and 
nipples and leaked onto the seat under my rear end.

As I cooled down the girl in front of me turned her 
head and whispered," Did you just come back there?" I 
smiled and giggled as I nodded and she said," I thought 
you were going to destroy the desk and I came just 
listening to you. Thanks!" I said," You're welcome." We 
both giggled as all teen age girls do just as the 
lights came back on.

As we left the room my friend came close and said,
"Thanks for the show." I said, "What? I don't know 
what you're talking about," and grinned.

"I hope we have another movie tomorrow," he said

"Me too," I replied, "See ya'."

I met up with my two friends and we went outside to the 
grassy quad for lunch. There weren't many on the grass 
so we found a spot away from everybody and sat down and 
opened our lunches as we talked over the day so far. 
When I related my classroom escapade their mouths 
dropped open and they looked at each other and then we 
all cracked up as we held our sides and tears ran down 
our faces.

"I don't believe you, Jan!"

"You're a walking, talking sex machine!"

That set us off again as we hugged and rolled on the 
ground and tried to catch our breath we laughed so 
hard.

We finished eating and then I lay back with them on 
either side of me to catch some rays and chatter some 
more. As we talked the sun was warming my legs and I 
felt the tingle starting again. I shifted so my butt 
was on the cool grass but it didn't help much as my 
nipples started to strain against the vest. 

"Boy, it's hot out here; I've got to take off this 
vest."

"Yeah, it sure is, my bra is killing me!"

"You wear a bra?"

"Don't you?"

"No, I never do."

"I forgot, I guess you can't, can you?"

"Why don't you take your bra off? They can't see under 
your vest, anyway."

She did that thing that we do and pulled her bra out 
the sides of her blouse. My other friend did too, and 
they agreed it was a lot cooler as the air cooled our 
nipples. I could see their little nubs peeking out from 
under their vests, and it turned me on, as I began to 
fidget. I lifted one knee up a little to let the breeze 
reach my cunt lips and as I did the skirt slid up until 
my cunt lips were peeking out under the hem. My friends 
looked down and gasped. I looked  back and forth at them
and said,

"What?"

"You don't have any panties on either?"

"No, I never wear any."

"Holy cow, can't people see your butt when you bend 
over?"

"Yeah, and the downside is what?" 

That started another round of giggling. All the sun and 
the talk about seeing my rear end was getting me hot. I 
lay back and reached over my head and stretched and my 
nipples pushed up hard against the confines of my thin 
top. My friends just stared at them and I got hotter. I 
looked at Sally and licked my lips as I saw her mouth 
parting and her little tongue running over her lip. Lou 
was looking like she might cum in a minute, so I 
twisted toward her.

"Would you like to kiss me, please?"

I thought her eyes would bug out of her head as she 
turned beet red and gasped loudly.

"I've never kissed a girl before, except when we were 
just messing around. You mean like a lover or 
something?"

"Please," I begged, as I rubbed my thighs together 
causing my skirt to slide off one hip. She looked down 
at my creamy smooth leg and hip and a bead of sweat 
popped out on her upper lip. Slowly she leaned over me 
and placed her lips tentatively over mine. I pulled her 
down against my mouth and panted in her's as I lightly
bit her lower lip and then ran my tongue back and forth over
her sweet little lips. We kept this up until 
my cunt was burning and I was rolling my hips back and 
forth to grind my butt into the grass.

I looked over and Sally was watching all this with lust 
in her eyes, and a spot of drool leaked from the edge of 
her mouth. I pulled away and turned my head toward her 
and motioned her closer. As she slid over I put her 
hand on my left breast and ground her fingers into it as I 
let out a moan.

"I am so hot and so close to coming. Please, take my 
clothes off, so I can spread my legs and let the sun 
fuck me in my cunt!"

"Are you sure? What if someone sees?"

"If you both lay alongside me no one will even know I'm 
here. I'm so short and small that it will just look 
like you guys are talking to each other leaned up on 
your sides on your elbows."

They moved so they were touching my sides and Sally 
reached over and undid the buttons on my skirt and top 
and slowly slid the fabric off over my erect nipples 
and throbbing swollen cunt lips. I arched my back and 
they slid the top out from under my shoulders and the 
cool grass felt fantastic on my naked back. 

I raised my hips up as they slid my skirt out from 
under me and pulled my sandals off and I was naked on 
the school lawn! I arched my back and thrust my breasts in 
the air, and spread my legs wide and bucked my hips up 
and down, as I rolled from side to side. They 
started pulling on my nipples and kissing me and 
running their hands all over my twitching little body. 
I reached over my head and moaned as the orgasm hit me, 
and I stifled a cry as I jerked under the intense 
charge running through me.

"Please, finger me, rub my cunt, I can't stand not 
getting fucked!"

Sally reached down and began to run a finger over and 
into my lips as another orgasm wracked my cunt. I 
grabbed her hand and shoved it into my vagina, as I 
feverishly yanked on my extended clit, and pulled on my 
nipples, as Lou sucked my tongue into her mouth. 

I moaned, "Unh, unh, oh, oh god, fuck me! Oh please 
fuck me! Faster, faster, faster! Oh God! I'm cumming, 
now!" And I threw my head from side to side and arched 
my whole body in the air, as I jerked like a puppet on 
a string, as the spasms rocked me over and over. 

The waves kept coming over me as I threw my legs open 
and closed, and held onto my friends' breasts for dear 
life. They were panting and whispering, "God, Jan, 
you're so hot!" as Lou yanked my nipples up in the air 
and Sally clawed at my cunt lips. The juice from my 
orgasm was glistening in the sun as I surged up and 
down.

Slowly I lowered my dripping body back to earth, as my 
two friends nuzzled me, and kissed me, and slowly slid 
my clothes back on. They dried me off with a napkin or 
two, and I slowly sat up and began to focus again.

"You guys are the best friends a girl could ask for and 
I love you both, so much."

"We love you too, but we better get going if we don't 
want to get expelled."

They helped me up and we went back into the building 
for afternoon classes. I was a walking zombie till 
school got out. My friends and I walked home giggling 
and tickling each other as we always did. They left me 
at my drive and I went in, as mom waved to them, and 
she hugged me and kissed me hello.

"How was your day?"

"Oh, you know, same oh, same oh. Just boring school," as I 
laughed to myself, and dragged my weary body up the 
stairs and flopped on my bed.



