Hai Everybody. I am karthik and i live in chennai . I wanted to
narrate my experience with my sister.Her name is raadika( names have
been changed) i am 22 years now but the real incident happend when i
was 12years old and she was 16. First i would like to describe about
my sister . she has stunning figure of 38D boobs which were firm and
big. i always stare at her boobs . i like to see them bounce when she
walks or runs. her ass was also great without hairs and would swing
lke a pendulum when she wlaks.

I always like my sisters company than my brothers. she also like me
than others. those days i didnt have any intentions regarding sex
with my sister. but all changed oneday when she seduced me. one night
when i was sleeping besides my sister i felt my hand was taken by
something and it landed on a mound. i was takenaback by this an soon
felt that it was my sisters boobs. i started to feel it and she made
me press her boobs. i was feeling great and from that day onwards
whenever she wants she would give me a sign to come some room where
there is nobody and she would ask me press her boobs and finger her
pussy. she had a hairy pussy which she never shaves. i also like the
way i was getting cruel intentions about my sister and i wanted to
fuck her. but didnot have any chance to fuck her as she would only
ask me to press her boobs and finger fuck her pussy. It all changed
oneday when no one was at home and i was alone with my sexy sister
with huge boobs and sexy pussy. i thought that i should fuck her and
this was a golden oppurtunity for me. but things changed she had the
same intentions to fuck me. when my father and mother went for family
function in my navtive place and would return only after 6 days.
after they have left my sis asked whether we can play a game of cards
and i said yes. she said that the loser should remove his dress one
by one. i liked it and had an imeediate hardon and thought of my
sisters intentions to seduce me.

I overjoyed that i could see her sexy Kudhi(Pussy) which i havent
seen yet.and the game started. in the first game i lost and she asked
me remove my shorts. i removed it since i dont wear underwears at
home i was half naked below my waist before my sister and my cock was
erect as if saluting my sister. my sister was suprised by the size of
my cock and she started to touch it and feel it. my cock is about 8"
inch in the erect state. in the second game my sister lost and i
asked her to remove her nighty, i know that she doesnt wear bra or
panty inside the nighty when at home. so she was stark naked before
her loving brother.hi could see her hairy pussy with a red cunt lips
and her nipples where erect and pink in colour and the boobs where
huge. immediately i want press those boobs and suck those nipples. i
immediately cought hlod of her boobs in both my hands. the boobs
where so big such that i cannot be holded in a single hand. i started
to press her right boobs and suck her left boobs. Then I rolled my
tongue down to her breast n encircled her bobs with my tongue n my 1
hand was on her pussy while my other hand was still on her bob, she
was moaning karthi nalla suppudaaa en kampa nalla...... nallaa...
sugama irukudaaa............ ( Please suck my nipples i is good and
enjoying it pl continue .... )in the meantime she started to hold my
penis in her hand and was pressing my cock in her hands. i continued
this for another 5 mins. then she asked me if she can suck my cock. i
said with pleasure and siad that the cock is your and ennaaakku
nallla sugam kudu dii ( please give me enjoyment ). she started to
lick the head with her toungue and moved the entire cock in here
mouth . she was a wonderful cock suscker she was giving me a
wonderful blowjob. i was experiencing like i am in heaven . i another
10 mins i said to her that i am cumming. she asked me to cum in her
mouth and exploed a load of my cum in her mouth and she gulped
everbit of it and she seemed enjoying. Now we where in the 69
position me licking her beautiful red cunt lips and she sucking my
cock.I then spread her legs a & reach her cunt , it was hot and wet
now! Cum is dripping out of it.

The sweet smell of her womanhood is coming out. i grab her pussy lips
with my lips and kiss those like french kiss. "ahhhhh...ummmmm.." she
scream with loud voice.She grab my hairs & use my head for leverage
as she bounce around.i curl my tongue into long deep tube and thrust
into her pussy with it, opening her raw pink depth. She buck & writh
her fingers pull hard at my hairs & her nails scrap at my scalp.She
made my face bob around between her legs, my nose involuntarily being
ground against her slimy gash. i snort her smelly creams and gulp
them down by the mouthful, i love the tangy taste of her cunt
sauce.As i jab my toung far insdie her cunt scoop out the womanly
curd of her tasty cum, i put my finger deep into her asshle and
befing moving it in & out. This gives her extra excitement & i go on
with both finger fucking her anus and licking her cunt. I lap the
flat of my tougue up and woen over her entire crotch area.Then i lap
all the way ip her creamy slit until my tongue reaches the pulsing
tutton of her clittty. I then put her clit in between my lips & draw
it out long and taut.Then i sweep the end of it with the end of my
tongue, she buck & grunt helplessly & my hands are on her soft
thighs, keeping her legs spread & also massaging to increase the
excitement.Now she cannot hold any more and my tongue with a quick
deep penetration, more tasty thick cream ooza out of her slit and she
scream for several endless seconds "Ohhh Yaaaaa!! " she cry, her body
buck & jump, she reach her most intense orgasm of her life time. i
explored her cunt with my toungue and she squirling and enjoying it
she seemed to have multiple oragasms.She go back and forth between
them getting it wet with with saliva. I suddenly stop, look up at her
and take my left testicle into her mouth.

She suck on it softly and stoke it with her toungu. Letting it slide
sensuously out of her mouth, she repeat with the right testicle. She
go back and forth between them, sometimes using her mouth to fuck my
balls, sliding them individually in and out, in and out. She stop and
takking a deep breath, take both balls into her mouth at the same
time, gently stuffing them in with her hands. The sensation is
overpowering. My cock feels more engorged with blood than ever
before,bouncing up at the sky with every beat of my heart. I squirm
repeatedly underneath you which seem to drive her into a heightened
frenzy. She keep sucking on my balls like u can't get enough, her
eyes constanly open and my reactions. Suddenly, she pull back
slightly and let my balls pop out of her mouth. She begin running her
tongue up and down on the undeside of my cock. Occasionally she wrap
yher lips as much as possible around the side of my cock and suck it
or stoke her lips up and down, pausing close to the head. She open
her mouth and place my cock insdie on her tongue rubbing it all
around without closing her mouth. It is almost unbearable. It is
almost unbearable.

She grab my cock with her hands and close her mouth about the head,
slowly sucking it in until she have about half of it in her mouth.
She keep it there, sucking on it like a popsickle, her eyes glude to
mine savoring my every reaction. She cose her eyes and start stroking
her head up and down on my straining cock, going deeper and deeper
with every stroke, until finally all of my cock is buried in her
mouth . she ground her face against my stomach twisting her head back
and forth, then returning to fucking my cock with her mouth. I can
feel my balls swelling, getting ready to expel my juice. She remove
my hands from her head and increase her sucking up and down. Again I
grab her head and start helping her up and down on my cock. The
pressure keep increasing and increasing until suddenly, I begin to
cum! She trust her head down on my cock, taking as deep as she can. I
shoot jet after jetof cum into her throat while she continude to bob
yout head up and down on my deeply engulfed cock. It is like I can't
stop coming and she can't get enough. I see cum dripping out from her
mouth. As the flow lessens, she pull her head back and begin running
my still spurting cock around her face. The muscles in my body are
shaking from my tensing them. Finally I stop and she take my
softening cock back into her mouth, gently licking and sucking it.
She use her fingers to makes my cock become hard again. I grab her
and pull tina on me.

We begin our passionate kiss again. BY now she was begging me to fuck
her virgin pussy.Dei karthi un poola en kudhilla vidura please daa
sekiram viduraaaa............... i inserted my cock at the entrance
of herpussy and i started to move it inside but it was so tight then
i brought some and applie it to her pussy and my cock and started to
move it slowly inch by inch. She started to cry out pain and tears
where rolling from her eyes. But i rammed it inside and blood was
oozing out. i kept my cock inside her for a moment and then started
my in and out movements, she overcame her pain and was now enjoying
everybit of it.She was making voice like AAAHHH,
EEEHHHHHHHHH,OOOOOOOOOHhhhhhhh,UUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMM After a while I
place her back on the bed, lifting her thighs up and part her legs, I
take in a big breath of air. I push myself up to my elbows and
separate her legs even more. I move myself to where the head of my
member is at her outer lips. I raise myself to my hands and I push my
rod into the tight vagina of raadhika. The first thrust brings me to
just barely inside her , I can feel the inner lips at the tip of my
cock. I press again and she buck to help me, pushing her body to meet
my dick. It is slow, but I don't want to hurry. She close her eyes
and I feel her pussy clamping tightly around my cock. Every trust
brings a new sensation to tina. Her whole body shakes as I begin
thrustin. She arch her back and tighten her pussy. She inhale deeply
at each push and moan and exhale at each rest. I begin to meet her
breathing becoz of her tight pussy. I moan at each thrust for her
vaginal walls are pushing hard against my stiff meat.

The tip is being pushed against by her walls, as well as being pushed
back as to stop any further advancement. I push again and again, I
feel my orgasm approach. Finally I can't take the pressure and I give
one final thrust into her. She arch her back so much that I think she
will lift me as well. I reach my ultimate pleeasure, my cock drives
deep into her body and I shoot, with full force my load that has been
waiting. I pump my dick in her a few times to get all my fluid out of
me and into raaadhika. I move slowly pumping a little longer until I
begin to grow soft. At this I pull out of her now with a slurp. She
pull me on her and force my lips to meet her. My beautiful sister
then kiss me hungrily and her eyes tell me that she is satisfied, but
want more and more. She get onto the nearest armchair on her knees,
her hands clenching the backrest , her buttocks thrust back,
proffering her anus. Gasping with excitement, her lover stands behind
her and press my cock to her asshole. She was burning with lust. She
sphincter spasm once and I cry out, my head snapping back and jam my
cock into her asshole. She scream softly, her face contorting in a
grimace of pain and lust as the huge, fiery rod seares into her
butt;s. she dig a hand into her crotch and begin to masturbate
frantically. Overpowered by lust, I am ram-fuck her butt, jerking and
slamming my hips back and forth, forcing my cock into her asshole
again and again. It is burning hot and tight as a vice and it
convulsing feverishly on my penis. I feel her orgasm and her ass
cramp almost painfully on my dick. I cry out and rock into her
savagely and finally loose control. Beneath me, she mew in pleasure
enjoy when she feel the sharp sting of my spoot geysering in a
searing flood into her asshole. I slide out of her asshole slowly, my
cock quivering and throbbing.

She moan and her breath comes in heaving, rattling gasps. Her head
bow between her arms, I chuckle softly & squeeze her dangling
breasts. She groan, she pull me over to the bed, I am hard and she
lay me on my back and staddle my hips and lower her wet, ready hungry
cunt down on to and around my hot, hard flesh. Mounting , her begin
to fuck her . she was lost forever, far away in her passion of the
moment of union. She bend forward and her big tits hand free,
swinging with the rhythm of her hip motion. I slowly and carefully
reach up and grab a swaying nipples in my right hand and then pinch
the other nipple between my thumb and cast on my left hand and she
was transported away to a place where her two nipples and a cunt,
where they are the only part of her that are still exists. The
sensations are powerful, she can feel her orgasm beginning to grow in
her cunt and nipples. She grip my cock tighter and tighter in her
cunt as she ride me. And in perfect respinse, I grip her nipples
tighter and tighter until all of her, tina;s cunt and nipples,
disintegrate in total, intense orgasm. In the throes of her little
death, I come, too shooting my semen, my seed in to my darling's
cunt.

My finger squeeze and torture the nipples also I feed on her nice
boobs. Her emotions reach overload and she pass out. I grab my
darling strongly with my arms and remain motionless, feeling my
queen. Till now we both enjoysex and now she is married and has a
child . but even now when she vists us we both try to have sex and
she also like to feed me with her milk.



