The party
by Bikeskull 

It was 2 weeks into Lara’s freshman year. She didn't know a single person at the school, she hasn't found a job yet and while her courses were paid up front she still had to pay monthly for the dorm she was staying in. Her family didn't have money and her stepfather was a jerk so she was glad to be away from home. One girl she talked to mentioned a party at her sorority that upcoming Friday night so Lara figured she would go and hopefully meet some people.
Lara showed up at the sorority party there were some cute guys but she was feeling shy and overwhelmed by the number of people. One girl mentioned they were about to start a game and Lara could be one of the first players. The game was simple you just had to drink a beer before the other person except you have a broom handle through the sleeves of your shirt. Lara knew people would watch and hoped that after if she won our lost people would talk to her and she could finally feel less isolated. The handle was put through her sleeves and through the other girls. The beer was in a cup on the other side of the room on a table. Lara looked over at her opponent and readied herself to go for it "Ready?""Set"What the hell her pants just got pulled down, her panties are being pulled down also, someone is holding her in place and pulling up her shirt and bra, frantically she tried to figure out how to cover herself but she couldn't do anything."Last person to finish the drink stays like this, Go!" The girl running the game said.Lara tried to take a step towards the cup of beer across the room with her pants and panties around her ankles moving wasn't going to be easy, and now it seems the person that exposed her is standing on them, the other girl started moving so Lara stepped out of her pants losing her slip on shoes at the same time. Naked from the waist down and with her c cup breasts exposed to everyone in the room she scrambled across the room to get to the beer. She started to bend over to pick up the beer with her mouth and felt a hand reach from behind touching her shaved pussy. She jumped, luckily she didn't spill the beer. She tried to concentrate and ignore being groped as she bit the edge of the cup. A finger just slid in her pussy, she lifted the cup and started to drink, the hand didn't stop and there were multiple hands on her body now.  They pinched her nipples and fondled her ass. Finally the beer was finished with only a little spilled on her pulled up shirt. She looked over at the other girl. Face down, beer spilled getting molested by three different guys. Game was called and Lara won. She was helped to stand but her hands were still held up by the broom handle. The other girl was helped up also. She was a thin light brunette with a landing strip on her pussy. Her tits were maybe a small B, one of the girls that wasn't playing the game said, "she lost, strip her" Lara watched the girl fight as the remainder of her clothes were pulled from her body leaving her completely naked. Lara figured that was it until they tied the girls arms to the broom, not only was the girl naked but she couldn't cover herself up at all. They pulled the broom handle off of Lara and she was able to straiten her bra and shirt before she started looking for her pants. She was franticly looking everywhere,  they seemed to be nowhere around. Guys and girls were grabbing at her ass and pussy, as of yet only the one finger found it's way into her pussy, she wanted to get her clothes and get out of here.A girl laughed yelling "looking for these?" waiving Lara's panties in her face. Lara tried to grab them but the girl ran out the back door. Lara ran after her but was helpless to catch her. It took a good 20-35 mins before Lara was able to get her pants and shoes but she never did get her panties back. Going back through the house the other girl was still naked and on display, not as many people were groping her but she saw a guy and girl still taking advantage of her not being able to stop them. Lara left the party feeling embarrassed and feeling lucky she wasn't the other girl. Two days later she got a letter slid under her door it read:Your panties and pictures from the other night will be auctioned off to a member of a fraternity this weekend, if you don't want this to happen be at the sorority house this Friday at 3pm wearing only a button down blouse and skirt without a bra or panties. Included in the letter were some pictures of her from while she was exposed. Lara thought about not going and just leaving the area but college is expensive and she couldn't afford to lose the money she had paid by not finishing the semester.Friday came and Lara stood at the sorority door as instructed. Two of the sisters answered the door, "Before you can come in you need to undo your blouse and show us you aren't wearing a bra" Lara undid her shirt and exposed both her breasts to the girls while standing in the porch, "Skirt up, show us you’re not wearing panties" Lara started to button her blouse."Leave it, just pull up your skirt." Lara pulled up her skirt flashing her pussy,"Hands behind your head," Lara regretted not wearing a loose skirt because the one she wore stayed up leaving her pussy and tits both exposed as a third girl stepped into view and took a picture. "Come inside"Lara followed them inside and then down to the basement. The girl from the other night was on her knees completely naked except for a black leather collar with a leash attached, her hands behind her head, her eyes on the ground."You may remember Beth from the other night, she is the one you beat in the game. Beth has not left the house. After the party she didn't want to leave the house without clothes so we agreed she could stay here as a naked slave cleaning up after us,"  "She still goes to her classes but she wears only what we tell her to and then removes the clothes when she gets back."  One of the sisters was explaining Beth's agreement.Another girl turned on a projector and a picture of Lara showed in the wall behind the sister talking."As you can see we have a good deal of pictures from the other night, and your panties are right here" she pointed to the small table next to her."Due to a family emergency we had someone have to withdraw from school and so we have an extra room. We have a proposal for you since you handled yourself well last weekend even after your pants were taken." Lara was nervous about this proposal, she didn't really trust these girls after what happened but she also was afraid of what might get out if she didn't listen."We will offer you the opportunity to join our sorority and live here with us. This is the deal, you play a one on one game against four of the sisters. You lose against one sister you lose your shirt, you lose against a second you lose the skirt, this is why you are only wearing those two items. You may fix your clothes now.” Lara pulled her skirt down and buttoned her blouse as the girl continued, “You lose against a third sister and you will wear a leather collar like Beth is. If you lose against all four you get bent over and a butt plug will be inserted in your ass. Just like the one Beth is wearing." Another sister turned Beth around and bent her over showing a blue gem plug."Once you agree to the games the room is yours it is even paid up till the beginning of next fall’s semester, the outcome of the games will determine your role in the house until the fall semester starts. If you lose all four you will be like Beth, naked at all times in the house and wearing the collar no matter where you are, you will answer to all the other sisters no matter what they need, there are other specifics but we can go into that later. If you lose 3 then you are to wear the collar at all times, you can only wear what you are given but unless a sister instructs you too undress you may wear one item of clothing while in the house, but only one article of clothing. If you lose 2 times you may stay dressed in clothing we have approved when you are in the house, but if a full sister tells you to remove your clothes you are to do so without fail."Lara watched the slideshow of the other night as everything was explained, they even had a picture of the finger in her pussy."You lose only one time you are allowed to choose your clothes but if any sister decides she wants to add or remove something you are to oblige.If you win all four then you are a full sister and Beth will answer to you just like she does to the rest of us. If you lose even one, you are our slave until the fall semester with just different degrees of service If you choose not to play the games you will get to watch as the pictures of you and your panties are auctioned to a frat boy" Lara listened carefully, the idea of having plug in her as was terrifying, the thought of having no say in what clothes she wore was also scary but if pictures of her were to get around campus then things could become very difficult."What are the games?" Lara asked hesitantly."First game is a hand of poker, second is cornhole, third is a foot race, last game is wrestling" Lara thought for a min, she was actually good at poker, ok at Cornhole, average runner and knew nothing about wrestling. She doubted she could win all of them but felt confident she could win at least 2 maybe even 3. They are offering free rent even through the summer that really does sweeten the deal. "When do I have to decide?" Lara asked."Guys will show up for the auction in an hour maybe less. If you decide before then we won't auction your things."The sister started to smirk as she added "if you decide to take our offer and they show up before the games are finished they will get to watch"Fuck Lara thought, I can't even think it over. She only hesitated for a moment."I guess I don't really have a choice, when do we start?"Everyone followed the head sister upstairs to where a poker table was set up. "There will be five hands, 7 card stud nothing wild as soon as someone wins three hands the game is over."A blonde girl started shuffling the cards Lara looked her cards over, nothing, an Ace high, this game was pure chance no skill at all only way to mess up is to pick the wrong 5 cards to make a hand withLara lucked out and her ace beat the other girls king. One hand down.Second hand somehow she got 3 8s they were tiedThird hand
 queen high against a pair of 3s Lara was one hand from being toplessPair of nines with a queen high not bad for a stud hand against a ace highLara was very nervous the first game and it was down to the last possible hand she had a pair of sixes with a queen high. She watched as her opponent played down 3 aces, fuck there goes her shirt, "I'll let you choose if you want to hand over your shirt or skirt but I want you to stand up and slowly turn around after you hand it to me." The head sister held out her hand while Lara removed her shirt, her nipples were hard in the cool air, she slowly turned as everyone looked at her breasts. They took her into the back yard for the second game.Coin toss and Lara goes first, they will go three times and then total the game. First is in the boardShe gets knocked off the board with the other girls throw and completely misses her second throw, Score is 4 - 2 Lara losing after the first setThey both got 3 in the second setLast chance to keep her skirt1 - 3 she lost, they made her drop the skirt right there in the yard, she watched her skirt, blouse and panties vanish."Hands behind your head and slowly turn around."Lara did as she was told and realized at least one of the sisters was recording. They now had even more on her. "To make the foot race fair both of you will be barefoot" The race is from the deck to the fence and back two times" Lara was wondering if she could win any of the games.Get in positionThey both bent over ready to run"On your mark""Get set"Snap Lara heard the camera shudder as a girl to a close up of her pussy as she was bent over."Go" fuck the other girl got a head start because Lara got distracted. She took off as fast as she could the other girl got to the fence clearly before Lara. As hard as she ran she couldn't make up for her delayed start. As she reached the deck the second time she saw a guy walk out the door. "Good race" he snickered as she tried to catch her breathThe head sister told her to kneel holding her hair up while they put on the collar. The guy looked her over, she couldn't hide anything at this point. She was grateful that she wasn't groped like she was the other night. "Dave your just in time to watch her wrestle Amanda." "You will be wrestling in the carpet in the game room, you lose if you touch the floor around the carpet, your shoulders are pinned to the carpet for 8 seconds. Or just to make it more fun for everyone if Lara can get Amanda's clothes off then Lara will win.""What the hell" Amanda cried. Lara looked at Amanda who was wearing only a bikini and guessed it was because there would be less to grab. The head sister laughed at Amanda's protest. Lara and Amanda squared off ready to start, Lara saw the cameras recording and knew they had enough on her that she couldn't back out. The air-conditioned air was cold on her naked sweaty skin but she was determined to not lose.They started wrestling and Lara immediately went for the top, it was tied around Amanda's neck and that was easy to get loose. Lara's sweaty skin was helping her at this point making it harder for Amanda to hold on. Lara had Amanda's tits exposed but getting it of completely was a bit more of a challenge. Amanda stood up trying to carry Lara to the edge of the carpet but Lara slipped out of her arms and down came her bottoms. Amanda forgot about Lara for a min as she tried to save her clothes, Lara wouldn't let them go and after a valiant fight Amanda lost her bottoms. Her tits were exposed also but Lara didn't have them off yet. Amanda seemed to change strategy at this point, she got behind Lara and reached around to rub Lara's pussy, "You must like this, your feeling very wet" Amanda taunted. "Your ass is about to be filled with a plug, maybe I'll get a strap on and fuck your ass" Lara lost her train of thought for a second with that statement and found herself on her back. Amanda was able to straddle Lara's face as she slid her fingers in Lara's pussy. Lara was getting fingered on display with a girls pussy barely inches from her face. Frantically she tried to get loose, she thrust her shoulder up but she couldn't get free and Amanda's fingers were actually feeling good. Being a complete slave wouldn't be too bad, Lara looked up and made a desperate grab for Amanda's top.... It popped free. Amanda noticed to late and Lara threw it clear. "Lara wins," the head sister announcedAmanda however didn't stop, she moved lower putting her pussy in Lara's face. She continued to work Lara's pussy. Lara felt her legs being pulled apart by other hands she was pinned down by multiple sisters and Amanda was rubbing her pussy on her face. Oh God that was feeling good, all the sexual stimulation through the day had her horny as hell and now she couldn't move at all or see what they were doing but it felt like someone was licking her pussy. Something was pushed into her, it was large and she was getting fucked by it, the tongue on was lapping at her clit not letting up. The stimulation was intense, Lara had only had sex with two guys but this was more intense than she ever felt. Her pussy was dripping wet and she couldn't control her muscles, then it hit, she tried screaming but Amanda's pussy was on her mouth she could taste Amanda's pussy, she had never tasted a girl except out of curiosity when she licked her fingers once. Her body started to twitch. Amanda lifted herself of Lara's face. Lara was left alone naked on the carpet as her orgasm ended. She couldn't move, the guy that showed up earlier watched intently as Lara twitched and moved before laying motionless trying to catch her breath. It took a while before Lara could sit up and by then only the head sister and one other were still in the room."You seemed to enjoy that" the second sister said."Once you are able to get up we will show you to your room and go over your responsibilities in the house." The head sister stated.Lara slowly stood up and tried to cover herself a little. "Don't do that," the sister said "you are our house pet we don't want you covering yourself, if we want to see you you are too let us see whatever we want." "I understand" Lara meekly said."From this time forward you are too address all of us as Mistress, you will call me Head Mistress, you will learn each of the other sisters real names and you will address them all as Mistress and then their real name. This is Lesley so you still address her as Mistress Lesley.""Yes, Head Mistress" "Good girl, Lesley will be in charge of moving your items from the dorm room and choosing what clothes you are allowed to wear. After today you will be allowed to wear one article of clothing of your choice while in the house however today you will remain naked" "Yes, Head Mistress" "Lesley, do you have her keys?""Yes, sister she had them in her purse" Lesley replied"Good, get some other sisters and bring all of her things here. Do you have a car or anything that isn't in the dorm room you need, slave?"It took Lara a second to recognize that she was the slave, "No, Head Mistress"They entered a room with large window overlooking the back yard, a full size bed, a dresser, a desk and a comfortable looking chair. "This will be your room, sit down and read these papers, I will need you to sign them, I will be back in a little while to collect them, they will explain your responsibilities in the house."The sisters left Lara alone leaving the door open, Lara started to close the door but remembered that she wasn't supposed to cover herself and thought that might count as hiding. The papers weren't difficult to understand, they basically said that in exchange for room and board she was to do the dishes before bed every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, she was too wash and fold about half the girls clothes each Saturday, she was too prepare dinner for everyone on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. She and Beth were responsible for cleaning up after and parties and 2 times during the week she vacuumed the upstairs. It also said that she was the servant of all full sorority sisters and must do any tasks instructed by them. It did include that if the sisters want to allow a boy to touch her they have that right, Lara started to freak out reading that until the next line it said that under no circumstances would any guy be allowed to penetrate her pussy or ass unless Lara consented.
Lara was to keep unwanted hair from her body and maintain her hygiene to include daily bathing. That sounded logical and wondered why it was included in the agreement.The last paragraph said that when the next fall semester begins all copies of any compromising pictures would be given to Lara along with any clothes that were not approved by the house. At that time she will become a full sister. Lara thought for a short time and realized that the money she would save over the almost full year of no rent would help a bunch in her school costs. She picked up the pen and signed on the bottom

