Found This But It Needs A Part 2
post by Nigma

Found this on the Indianoutlaws archive and wondered if someone could do a part 2:

”But mom, I can't wear this to school!”, Angelica complained.” This doesn't even cover my behind. It looks like it was made for a ten year old.” She turned her back to the mirror and watched her reflection over her shoulder. Her mother had brought her a new blouse and skirt to use on her first day in school and had obviously forgotten what size she wore. The skirt was navy-blue to match the school colors and extremely short and utterly failed to even cover her entire ass as three inches of her brightly pink panties was visible in the back and an inch of her crotch in the front. It could not have been more than ten inches long. The white blouse was no better. It was a very tight fit and of a semi-sheer material, which clearly outlined her black bra underneath and it barely reached her belly-button.

Her mother studied her daughter while sitting on Angelica's bed, clasping her hands in her lap, frowning in disapproval. ”Nonsense, you're exaggerating. I'd say that it fits you pretty nicely. And besides, I lost the receipt and we can't afford to buy a new skirt. You'll have to make due for a few weeks.”

Even if her mother was blind to the fact that her daughter would show the entire school her panties if she wore that skirt to school, she would certainly agree that the blouse was unwearable. At the very least, the combination of the two would convince her.

”But look at this blouse, mom, you can see my bra underneath. It looks terrible!” Even though her breasts weren't too big, the tightness of the blouse highlighted them in a way that made them seem bigger than they were. If she hadn't been fairly slim and small-framed, she'd never be able to button it.

Her mother raised her gaze to Angelica's breasts and nodded thoughtfully. ”Yes, you're right; it doesn't look very nice with the bra showing like that. That black bra shows through too much.” Angelica smiled, relieved that her mother had begun to realize that wearing these clothes to school would be ridiculous. The very thought of wearing these clothes to school gave her the shivers. The school was very lax with the dress-code, but as long as you wore a skirt and a combination of the school colors, one could practically wear anything you liked. But wearing something like this was certainly pushing the limits, wasn't it?

Angelica turned to her mother, still smiling. ”So I don't have to wear it?”

”No, wearing a blouse with a black bra like that is quite obscene. Imagine what your classmates and teachers would think of you walking around school like that. You need to take it off”. Angelica's smile turned to a big grin. Her mother was usually very prudish and if she only could convince her to let her wear jeans to school, she'd be all set and could forget this nightmare. She quickly began to unbutton the blouse, before her mother changed her mind. Her mother was stubborn and could very likely decide that Angelica should wear it anyway. She took off the blouse and folded it onto a chair and looked to her mother.

”So what blouse should I wear instead? I'm glad that you bought the clothes in different stores. It would be awful if you couldn't return it” Being a single mother working a part-time job, she was constantly having trouble with the economy. Angelica didn't get new clothes very often and the quality of the new blouse and skirt implied that it was a great investment for her mother.

Her mother looked at her questionably. ”No, I bought the clothes at the same store.”, she said slowly.” And why should we return the blouse? Now, remove that bra and put on the blouse again. I'd like to see if it looks better.” Angelica stared at her mother. She must be joking! Angelica absent-mindedly began to remove her bra. This was ridiculous. Wearing the blouse with a bra underneath was bad enough, but wearing it without a bra was unthinkable. Her mother would surely see that it would look even worse without the bra. She put on the snug blouse again and buttoned it, having some difficulties buttoning the last two buttons due to the tightness over the breasts. She quickly turned to the mirror and let out a shocked gasp as her breasts stared back at her. The whiteness of the blouse obscured the view of her breasts somewhat, but the darkness of her nipples and areolas along with the tightness made it blatantly obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. She turned back to her mother holding out her arms and slightly pushing her chest out. She had always been shy around people regarding her body, but it was important that her mother saw that her breasts showed.

”See? This looks even worse. You can see my nipples and everything!” Her mother adapted a focused look and squinted at her daughter's chest. Surely she didn't imply that it required effort to see her nipples and areola! Sure, Angelica knew that her mother had fairly bad vision, but she wore her contacts now, didn't she?

Her mother shook her head and said in an annoyed tone. ”I can't see anything. You're just imagining it, Angelica. I feel that you're being so ungrateful.” Angelica looked down onto the floor, feeling ashamed.” I've half a mind to not give you the other clothes I bought you.” Angelica's head came up in a flash. More clothes? This could change everything. She knew her mother would not send her only dressed like this.

”I'm sorry mom. I'm very grateful. You're right; I was exaggerating about seeing my breasts through the blouse.” Angelica lied, trying to sound like she was sorry. Her mother would soon take her to school and if her mother had more clothes to give her, Angelica needed to convince her mother that she was very grateful.

”It's not just the blouse, Angelica. You were complaining about the skirt as well.” Angelica unconsciously reached behind her to feel her uncovered lower buttocks. She'd forgotten about the skirt. Now reminded of the shortness of the skirt, she looked down on her legs, bare up to her groin. Angelica sighed. What would she do about the skirt?

”Yes mom, it's just that it is slightly shorter that my old ones. I'm just feeling self-conscious, especially with my pink panties showing. I'm sorry.” Her mother's disapproving look changed into a smile. That's better. Admitting her fault would make it difficult to convince her mother to ever let her wear anything else, but at least she would get to wear more clothes.

”That's what I wanted to hear, honey. Don't worry about the panties, though, I brought you new ones to better match your skirt. But first I'd want you to try these on.” Her mother stood up and reached outside the door into the hallway. As she turned back she handed Angelica a bag with the logo of the local clothing-store. Angelica reached inside and lifted out two white cotton stockings. Stockings? What about more clothes? This could not be what her mother meant, could it?

”Try them on, honey, so we'll see if they fit.” Angelica rolled her eyes. Nothing else fit, why did her mother care about the stockings? She quickly put on the stockings and watched herself in the mirror. The stockings reached halfway up her thighs and Angelica sighed at the image. She looked even more slutty now.

”They look great mom,” She lied, hoping to maintain her mother's good mood.” They match the blouse very well”. Her mother's smiled broadened as she swept her gaze over Angelica's outfit.

”That's exactly what I thought in the store. You look great, honey. It's just those awful pink panties that ruin it. Take them off and put on your shoes while I run upstairs to get the new panties I bought for you.”

”Can't I change panties after you fetch them?” She didn't want to show her mother her newly shaved pussy. That would be very embarrassing and she was certain she would see it due to the shortness of the skirt. Her mother's lowered her eyebrows and put her hands on her hips.

”Young lady, we don't have time. We are leaving in just a few minutes. When I come to think about it, I might as well take the panties you're wearing with me and put them in the washer. Now, chop chop. Off with the panties and put on the shoes” She clapped her hands twice expecting an immediate reaction from Angelica. Angelica sighed and turned her back to her mother keeping her legs close together. She reached under her skirt and put her thumbs inside the waistband of the panties and pulled them down swiftly without bending her knees. Of course, this caused her miniscule skirt to ride up, completely exposing her ass to her mother. She straightened with a blush, holding a hand over her exposed pussy and handed the panties to hear mother, who stood looking at her with an impatient expression.

”And now put on the shoes, Angelica” Angelica turned around once more to put on her black lacquered shoes. Instead of bending over like before she knelt on one knee to prevent anything being shown, but to no avail. Most of her ass was shown anyway, but at least she didn't show her asshole or pussy. The thought made her blush even more and made her realize the importance of panties with a skirt this short.

”Finally!” Her mother said, ”Now you've wasted even more time with your childishness. I'll go upstairs with these and bring you your panties so that we finally may see the complete outfit.” Her mother barged out of the room leaving Angelica alone with her reflection. She studied herself in the mirror with a stunned expression. The outfit was beyond ridiculous. Her blouse that highlighted her breasts and clearly showed her nipples and areola came down to her belly-button. The skirt now showed about an inch of her pussy in the front and almost half her ass in the back. And finally the stockings making her look like a slut. Even with the panties the outfit was scandalous.

”Mom, are you coming soon?!”Angelica yelled to her mother upstairs.” I'll be late for class!” Her mother would need to hurry up, lest Angelica would need to go with the pink panties to school. ”MOOOOM!”

”I can't seem to find the panties. Angelica, have you fiddled with my shopping bags?!” Angelica's mother yelled back. ”What time is it?”

”Ten minutes until school starts, mom” Angelica started to become really worried. In the worst case scenario, she'd have to wear the pink panties that her mother put in the washer. Those would truly highlight the shortness of her skirt, but she would have no choice. To save time Angelica walked to stand in the hallway at the front door looking anxiously back to the stairs for her mother. Suddenly her mother came running down looking flustered. Empty-handed.

”Mom! Where are the panties?”

”I couldn't find them. I must have forgotten them back at the store. I hope they have them. They were very expensive” Angelica stared at her mother in disbelief. Who cared about the price? She wore no panties and had to go to school in a micro skirt. The first day of school was the most important. First impressions last, as they say. The first classes was usually lots of presentations and group exercises to let the class get to know each other and not only would she need to attend them in this outrageous outfit, at the moment she'd have to attend pantyless.

”Mom, I'll run up and grab the pink panties”

”They are already in the washer, dear. You'll have to go as you are. No one will notice that you don't wear any panties.”

”But mom, look at me. Don't tell me you can't see my breasts, bum and, you know...” Angelica said while making a slow twirl, showing her mother her breasts, ass and pussy.

”Don't start that again, Angelica. You told me yourself that you were just self-conscious. I would say that you're pretty decent. And I've seen worse in the mall. Girls these days have no shame. Now get in the car or we'll surely be late” Angelica sighed in defeat and opened the front door. Immediately she felt the wind blowing, caressing her exposed body, reminding her of how naked she was. This is insane. She walked quickly to the car to avoid exposure and sat in it waiting for her mother. Fastening the seat-belt she noticed that by sitting down, her skirt bunched up around her waist, leaving no protection and constantly exposing her shaved pussy.

”Mom, hurry up we'll be late” Angelica nervously watched the clock. Her mother drove fast, but it might not be enough. Being late the first day of school. How embarrassing! Within minutes they arrived at the local school. To Angelica's horror, no one was outside. They had already begun the classes.


