Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 12: Daddy leaves

Madison woke up when she felt her daddy shaking her leg. She stretched and yawned, she looked at the window and it was still dark outside. She swung her legs over the side of the bed. She stood and she felt dizzy and sat back down.

Honey, whats wrong? Henry said.

Daddy, my legs are really sore. I am not sure I can walk right now. She said.

Ok, let me take my luggage out and I will come back and get you. Henry said.

Ok. Madison said.

She rubbed her thighs as she waited for her daddy. Her legs felt numb, and her shoulders were really sore as well. This was going to be a tough day. Her daddy came back and picked her up. He carried her out to the car and set her down in the back seat with him. She put her head on his thigh and closed her eyes. She felt his hand on her side, she reached up and pulled it down over her and held it on her tummy.

Madison opened her eyes when she felt the car stop. She sat up and hugged her daddy.

Daddy, be careful and I will see you in two sleeps, right? Madison said.

Yes, baby girl, I will be back before you know it. He said.

Her daddy got out as Aaron was taking his luggage out of the trunk. She got out and stood next to the car. There were a lot of people around for so early in the morning. She looked around and saw a lot of people looking at her. She looked down and realized she was only wearing her pajamas; she had not put on a bra or panties and she was barefoot. Her pajamas were not see-thru, but she figured people could see the outlines of her boobs. She felt her nipples start to harden and she tried to not attract attention.

Aaron put daddys luggage on the curb and shook his hand. Daddy came over and hugged her again. He kissed her on the forehead.

See you soon, baby girl, I love you. He said.

I love you too, daddy. She said and he walked over next to his luggage.

She saw a black man with long stringy hair talking to her daddy. He gave the man some money and the man started loading daddys luggage on a cart. He looked right at her and smiled; he had a lot of gold teeth. He licked his lips and continued to stare at her as he loaded the luggage. She watched him push the cart and he kept staring at her. She watched daddy follow the man into the crowd. Aaron was holding the door open for her.

Aaron, can I ride in front with you? She said.

He closed the back door and opened the front door. Madison crawled in and he closed the door. She looked out the window and people were still looking at her. Aaron sat in the seat and started the car. He pulled out into traffic. The traffic around the airport sucked at best, they were moving really slow. She felt tired again and laid down and put her head on his thigh. He looked down at her.

Can I keep my head here? You are a good pillow. She asked.

Yes, sweetie, you can stay there. Aaron said and tried to keep his cock from ripping out of his pants.

He looked down at her and her little boobs were almost visible behind her top, the nipples were absolutely obvious. He thought there was going to be a riot when she stepped out of the car in front of everyone at the airport. She looked like a juicy meal in front of a pack of wolves. He felt her move and then she was laying on her back, her legs pulled up a little. Her tummy was tight, and her shorts were almost as transparent as the top. He could tell she did not have on any panties. God, this little girl was going to drive him insane.

He reached out and adjusted the radio as they were stopped in traffic. He moved his hand down after he found a good station and touched her cheek, pushing some hair over her ear. She grabbed his hand and pulled it down to her belly. Her skin was soft and warm. She felt so different than Katie, Katie was soft and rounded and this girl was soft but firm.

You comfortable? Temperature is good? Aaron asked since she was not wearing much in the way of clothing.

Yes, it is fine, thank you and Aaron, thank you for putting lotion on me the other day, it felt nice. You have nice hands. She said, rubbing her little fingers over his huge hand. He marveled at how big and black his hand looked sitting on her small white body.

Thank you asking me. He said.

Aaron, did you see what Mr. Thompson did to me on the lounge that day? She asked, looking up at him.

Yeah, baby girl. You looked like you enjoyed that a lot. He said.

Yeah, it felt really nice. Do you know how to do that? She asked and his poor cock was now rock hard and pulsing, luckily it was on his left leg or it would be lifting her head.

Yes, honey, I know how to do that. Do you know what happened? He said.

Um, I think so. I felt something really strong and good when he did that. She said.

You had an orgasm. Have you heard of that? He said.

The girls at school talk about it and I have felt it before but not that good. She said.

Yeah, there are many different ways for that to happen. He said.

Do you know all the ways? She said.

A lot of them. He said and laughed.

Can you show me some? She said.

Are you sure, sweetheart? He said and rubbed her belly.

Yeah, it feels so good. She said, looking up at him again.

He never ever in his life was happy to be in traffic as they were at a complete stop on the exit ramp of the airport.

Close your eyes, sweetie. He said and saw her close her eyes and take a deep breath.

He moved his hand up slightly, rubbing her firm belly. He moved under her top and ran a finger under her breasts. They were so firm but yet they were not small. He wrapped his hand around her left breast and squeezed gently. She moaned. He felt her stiff nipple under his palm. He took the nipple between his fingers and squeezed. She gasped. He pulled the nipple up a little, pulling up on her boob. He let it go and moved to the other breast. She was breathing hard already; he could feel her body ramping up. He ran his hands over both of her boobs and then down her flat stomach.

He could feel her tummy tighten as his fingers worked down her body. He slipped under her pajama bottoms and felt the tender skin. He ran his hand over her young pussy, and it was smooth. He loved that, god, this girl was perfect. He moved his finger to the side, next to her thigh, he could feel her heat on his hand.

The traffic cleared a little, so he had to move slightly, he held his hand on her inner thigh. He felt her heavy breathing. Thank god, he came to a stop again as the traffic stalled. He slid his big finger down the middle of her pussy, spreading the tight lips slightly. He could feel she was wet, and his finger slid easily through her moist lips. She gasped and grabbed his arm. He thought she was going to pull it away, but she held it there.

He moved slowly up the inside of her pussy and felt her little clit at the top. He rubbed the little bump and her hips lurched. He saw her mouth open, and she was breathing hard. He knew she was close. Hold on baby, not so fast. His fingers left her clit and slid back against her thigh. He felt her hips move up towards him. He rubbed her thigh and squeezed it.

Please. She said in a soft voice. He thought he had never heard anything so fucking hot in his life and he had been around a lot of pussy.

He slid his finger back into her wetness. He moved it down and spread her juice over her skin. He slowly moved it back up, applying a little more pressure, sinking deeper into her young cunt. She squeezed his arm as he slid slowly up, spreading her lips as he moved. He found her clit again and ran his finger over the pulsing button. She gasped again and held onto his arm. He rubbed her clit, and she was starting to breathe fast. He pushed harder on her clit as she moved towards release. He grabbed her clit and pinched and her young body exploded.

He held his hand between her legs, rubbing that little clit as she convulsed on his front seat. She was groaning and her body was shaking viciously. He felt her convulsions as his arm stayed between her legs and she held onto it firmly. He felt like his arm was her lifeline, or at least it kept her from falling on the floor. He could feel her little hands wrapped around his arm, squeezing him hard. He was amazed at how long she continued to cum. She must have shaken for 30 seconds and then she went through numerous aftershocks before she relaxed and took a deep breath.

He looked down and she was looking up at him. Her pretty eyes were sparking and wet. Her face and neck were flushed red. She was holding his hand between her legs and held it tight when he tried to pull it away. He cupped her pussy with his hand and held her.

That was great, how many other ways are there? She said and he laughed.

Baby, it will take time, but I will teach you as many as you want. He said.

Thank you. I love you Aaron. Madison said.

I love you too, baby girl. He said as the traffic cleared.

He drove slowly through traffic as she slept on the front seat, holding onto his arm and his hand cupping her 14-year-old pussy all the way home.

Aaron pulled into the driveway and it was still only 6:30. The sun was coming up and the looked down at the beautiful young girl asleep on his front seat. His hand was still cupping her pussy and she was still hanging onto his arm. It looked surreal as his black arm looked like he was controlling her little body. He moved his fingers slightly against the smooth skin of her pussy and she opened her eyes.

Hi. She said, looking up at him.

Hi, you. We are home and we need to get you upstairs. It is still early. He said.

Ok. She said and closed her eyes.

You will have to let go of my arm, sweetie. He said and she giggled.

He pulled his arm out from between her legs and got out of the car. He smelled his fingers; he loved the smell of young pussy. He took a deep breath and walked around the car. He opened the door, and she was still laying on the seat on her back with her legs pulled up a little. It was a wonderful sight. He held out his hands and she put her little hands in his. He pulled her up and she jumped into him and wrapped her arms and legs around him. He put his arm on her little ass to hold her up. He closed the door and wrapped his other arm around her back. He walked into the house, loving the feel of her warm body in his arms.

He took her upstairs and laid her on her bed. She pulled the covers up and snuggled into her pillow. She smiled at him and closed her eyes. He rubbed his poor cock as he looked down on her. She was so fucking cute, he shook his head and walked out to clean up the car.

Madison woke up and stretched, the sunlight was streaming through her window. She was really sore; she rubbed her thighs. She realized she was also very hungry. She swung her legs over and stood up gingerly. She walked slowly downstairs and saw Katie and Mr. Thompson sitting at the table, drinking coffee and talking.

Hey sunshine. Good morning. Brad said and saw her face.

Whats wrong, sweetie? He asked.

I am just really sore, I hurt all over. She said and grimaced as she walked into Katies open arms.

The warm hug felt good, and she wrapped her arms around the pretty girls shoulders. She felt Katie rubbing her back softly.

Brad, can you grab some advil? Katie said.

Baby take one and it will help a little. It will feel better soon, I promise. Katie said.

Madison took a pill from Mr. Thompson and swallowed it with some water.

I am also really hungry, is there any food around here? Madison said and smiled.

I dont know, I will see if I can scrounge up some bread and water, go sit down. Katie said and slapped the firm little butt.

Madison sat and was soon looking at a stack of wonderful pancakes. She smothered them in syrup and filled her empty belly pretty quickly.

Brad was amazed at how much food she could pack into that little body. I guess being cute as fuck burns a lot of calories. He guessed it could also have been that incredible race she ran yesterday. He watched her put away 4 pancakes and then lean back and hold her stomach.

That was so good, thank you so much. Madison said and finished her milk.

I am glad you liked them; Mrs. Golden has been enjoying cooking for another mouth. Katie said.

What are we doing today? Madison asked.

Well, I was thinking we could lay around the pool and work on our tans. Katie said.

Oh goodie, I like that. I feel like I have been in a fight. Madison said.

I guess so, you were amazing yesterday, I have never seen anything so exciting. Katie said.

Thank you guys for coming and thank you again for bringing daddy home. She said.

I was our pleasure to see you so happy. Katie said.

Yeah, it was quite a surprise. Madison said.

Ok, you get upstairs and get your suit, we have some tanning to do. Katie said and she saw Madison grimace.

Whats wrong, sweetie? Katie asked.

I just dont know if I can get up those stairs again right now. Madison said.

I am so sorry, I will go up and get your suit when I get mine, you sit right there. Katie said and jumped up.

Thank you so much Katie. Madison said and watched her pretty butt as she climbed the stairs.

You were amazing yesterday, sweetie. Brad said.

Thanks, so when is daddy coming home? She asked.

His flight lands around 8:00 on Tuesday night, you and Aaron can go and pick him up. Brad said.

Oh good, I cant wait. Do we still have a meeting tomorrow? She asked.

Yes, we do. The client is Simpson inc., they are a big chain that services a lot of convenience stores. He said.

Is it a big contract? She asked.

Yes, the biggest one we have worked on so far. They buy a lot from us and we are hoping to sign a five-year deal with them. Brad said.

Ok, what do you want me to wear? She asked.

You know, I am thinking a skirt and blouse will work, if you wear that to school you wont have to change. We will have Alex fix up your hair again. Brad said,

Ok, I can do that. 5:00 again? She asked.

Yep, Aaron can pick you up after practice if you want. He said.

Yeah, that will work. He can take Sam home and I can say hi to Mr. Jones really quick. Also, thank you for bringing him to the meet. Madison said.

No problem, baby girl but if you start getting more fans, we will have to get a bigger car. He said and she laughed, he loved that laugh.

Katie walked up and sat down. She loved her laugh too, it lit up the room.

Come here little one. Katie said and Madison got up and walked over to her.

Katie pulled up her shirt and Madison lifted her arms as Katie slipped it over her head. Katie slid the small shorts down her legs. She sat up and looked at the young girl, her hands on the soft hips.

You are so beautiful. Katie said and ran her hands up and down her sides.

Madison felt a little funny standing in their kitchen naked. More people had seen her naked the last week than her whole life, but it still was a little strange. She felt Katie running her hands down the sides of her body and it felt nice. She put her hands on Katies shoulders and closed her eyes. She gasped as she felt something wet on her nipple. She opened her eyes to see Katie kissing and sucking on her stiff nipple, it felt so good. She felt her body responding. She closed her eyes and Katie started kissing her other nipple. She felt her move her hands down and rub on her butt.

Brad was transfixed by the scene at his kitchen table. There was a little goddess completely naked standing 3 feet from him, and his beautiful wife was sucking her little pink nipples. He would never have to watch porn again after seeing this. He saw Katie slide her hands down and start to massage the firm little ass. He heard the girl gasp and saw her put her head on Katies shoulder as his wife manipulated her body. He saw Katie look up at him motion for him to come closer. He got up and knelt behind the girl, the tight young ass directly in front of his eyes. He put his hands on her butt and it was heaven. The skin was soft and warm but yet firm under his fingers.

Madison was breathing heavy as her body was being bombarded with pleasure. Katies lips were kissing and sucking on her nipples, sending shocks down her legs. Her hands were rubbing her butt and that was more electricity shooting through her. She let out a moan when she felt warmth on her butt and realized that Mr. Thompson was kissing her. She squeezed Katie as she felt herself floating through this wonderful feeling.

Brad kissed the warm skin and slid his hand up her inner thigh. He felt the heat before he reached her young pussy. He touched the soft skin and found it smooth and warm. Her hips moved towards him as he slid his finger between her tight lips. He felt the moisture immediately and his finger slipped into her warm young pussy. He kissed her lower back and slid his finger up her wetness. He saw Katies hands on her back and heard the sounds of her tongue on the firm breasts. He found her clit as he slid up and he felt her push against him again.

Madison was floating, her young body had never felt like this before. There was wonderful pleasure everywhere. Mr. Thompson was moving his hand in her pussy as Aaron had done a few hours before. He was also kissing her butt and lower back. Katies tongue was licking and sucking on her stiff nipples. Her mind was reeling, she saw Gloria between her legs, she saw herself kissing Sam, she saw Mr. Jones looking at her in a wet t-shirt, she even saw the black man at the airport with the gold teeth and imagined him touching her. She could hear herself moaning on Katies shoulder and then Mr. Thompson pinched her button as Katie bit lightly on her nipple. Electricity fired through her little body and she lost control. She heard herself scream and squeezed Katie. Her hips were moving, and Mr. Thompson was holding them and kissing. Katie was hugging her as she rode through this amazing journey. She held onto her wonderful friend until her body stopped moving on its own.

Are you ok, baby? Katie whispered in her ear.

Madison pulled away and looked at Katie. She nodded and Katie smiled.

Now where is that swimsuit? Katie said and Madison laughed.

Madison lifted her foot so Katie could slide her suit up her legs. Katie tied the left side of the suit and adjusted the right string, so it was even. She lifted the top and turned her around to tie it. Madison looked at Mr. Thompson and he was smiling at her.

How are you feeling, sweetie? Mr. Thompson asked.

My legs and shoulders are still really sore but that was very nice, thank you. She said as Katie finished tying her suit.

You are welcome, you two go outside and start soaking up those rays, I have a surprise for you coming a little later. Mr. Thompson said.

Katie took her hand and led her outside. They spread towels on the lounges and laid down. It felt really good to lay down and Madison felt her body relaxing immediately. Katie sat next to her and started rubbing lotion on her. She started at the top with her shoulders, ran her hands under her suit and rubbed some on her boobs, then her tummy. She rubbed on her leg and then on her feet. Madison liked it when Katie ran her fingers through her toes.

Thank you so much. Do you want me to put it on you? Madison asked.

No, you relax, sweetie. I can get my front and Mr. Thompson likes to do my back. Katie said.

Madison chuckled and closed her eyes. Her body was sore and tired, but she thought that this day had started off pretty good. Aaron made her feel good in the car and the Thompsons touching her at the same time was on another level. She felt herself floating halfway in and out of sleep, she heard talking and felt like she heard Mr. Thompson. The voices faded as she fell into a comfortable sleep.

She is so pretty. Katie said to Brad as he sat on her lounge.

Yes, she is. It will be tough when Henry gets back, I have gotten used to her being around. Brad said.

Well, that is the understatement of the year. I am going to miss the fuck out of her. Can you send Henry out of town for a month? Katie said and Brad laughed, rubbing her soft thigh.

Baby, Henry will have to travel at least a week a month so do not fear, you will have your little plaything around more than you think. He said.

That is good, but Wednesday is going to suck. Katie said.

Yeah. Brad said and he felt his phone buzz.

Hello? Yes, that would be perfect. Do you want me to send Aaron? Ok, see you soon. He said and hung up.

Who was that? Katie asked.

Madisons surprise, you will like it too. Now relax for a while. Brad said.

I think I will. Katie said and closed her eyes.

Brad sat and looked at his two girls sleeping. They were both beautiful but so different. He had to admit Madison had wormed her way into his heart. She was so precious, not only stunning externally but a great kid. He wondered if he and Katie should think about making one of those. He had never though about kids before but now he could feel his opinion changing slightly.

Aaron walked out on the deck and saw Katie and Madison sleeping on the lounges. It was a lovely sight. He sat at the table next to Brad and handed him a beer.

Henry got to the airport okay? Brad asked.

Yep, no worries. Aaron asked and thought about how smooth and soft Madisons pussy was as he held her on the way home.

I didnt even hear you get in; did you bring Madison inside? Brad asked.

Yeah, she was tired. Aaron said, remembering how she wrapped herself around him as he carried her in the house.

That is pretty. Aaron said as he looked at the girls.

Yeah, no shit. Brad said.

That little one is something else. She stepped out of the car at the airport in those little blue pajamas and her bare feet and I thought a few of those guys were going to grab her and run off. Aaron said.

That must have been a sight. Brad said and took another sip.

Yeah, she has a way of doing that a lot. How about that race? Have you ever seen anything like that? Aaron said.

That was about the most exciting thing I have ever seen, and I have never seen Katie as engaged. Brad said.

You better watch your wife dude; she may leave you for a 14-year-old. She is obsessed. Aaron said.

Tell me about it, I worry about her when Madison goes home. Brad said.

We may just have to fuck her non-stop to keep her distracted. Aaron said.

Sounds like a plan. Brad said and held out his beer. Aaron clinked it with his and they laughed.



