My Father Saw It" 

It happened when I was twelve. I didn't feel like going to school on
Monday, so on Sunday I started saying I had a stomach ache. Only my mom
didn't believe me. Or she didn't act like she did, anyways. So I really
acted the part. I pretended I had cramps and all and then both my mom and
my dad started looking all concerned. I even squeezed out a tear or two.

"Man, Donna, he really looks sick," my Dad said.

"I'm calling Dr. Cooper," replied my mom.

Next thing I knew I was in the backseat of the car, stretched out and on
the way to the doctor's office. (This was back in the '60's when a lot of
doctors had their offices in their houses. Dr. Cooper was at home, of all
the luck!)

The doctor only lived about two miles away. I didn't have long to decide
whether to play this out or cop to my lie.  One look at the concern on my
dad's face and I had my answer. I'd have hell to pay if I told on myself by
then.

Dr. Cooper was in casual clothes when he met us at the door, unlike his
usual bow tie and white coat (as I said, it was the sixties).

"Bring him in, Mike," Dr. Cooper told my dad. We went beyond the small
waiting room into the doctor's only exam room.

"Hop up on the table, Stuart," the doctor bade me. I played the alleged
pain up and edged myself onto the exam table.  "Now, tell me where it
hurts."

"He was cramping up, Doctor," said my mom. "We thought it could be his
appendix. Both his brothers had theirs out at around his age."

"Well, let's see here." The doctor gently palpated my stomach. I winced
slightly but saved the heavy dramatics.  He moved his hands lower, grazing
the belt line of my pajamas.

"Tell me when it hurts, Stu."

As he slipped slightly under the elastic waist of my pajamas, I groaned. As
he manipulated the area, the head of my young penis slipped slightly out of
the gaping fly of my pajamas. I was mortified. My dad noticed, thankfully,
before my mom did and he reached quickly and slid my penis back into my
p.j. pants. I was too shocked to even react. My dad had touched me "down
there".

We were never very open about nudity and such in my family. I shared a room
with my brother Phil but could not recall ever seeing him naked. He always
came back from the shower in his tighty whities.

"Hmm," the doctor murmured, responding to my groan. "You may be right about
the appendix, Donna. I'm going to need to slip your p.j.'s down, Stu,
okay?"

I glanced in the general direction of my parents. As I said, neither of
them had seen me naked in years and certainly not in my current state of
budding puberty. And, I wasn't wearing underwear, as my dad had quite
recently discovered.

The doctor seemed to notice my reticence. "You folks mind stepping out of
the room?" the doctor asked my parents.

"Dad can stay." I blurted, more out of fear of the impending exam than
anything else.

"Okay, but who do you think will be taking care of you if you do have that
appendix out?" my mom chided. But she smiled and left the room.

"Ready, champ?" the doctor asked. I nodded and he slipped the waistband of
my pajamas over my genitals, popping the snap as he did. My penis and
testicles were on full view.

Though I had been masturbating to dry orgasms for some time, I had only
recently begun puberty. I had a small thatch of brown curly hair
surrounding the base of my penis and my testicles had dropped somewhat. I
won't exaggerate here as some do because, as I said, most of this story is
true. I had an average penis for my age, about three to four inches erect.

So there I was, on full display to the doctor and my dad. Dr. Cooper
continued to palpate my abdomen and, as he did, my genitals went along for
the ride. My penis and sack moved to and fro and he pressed his fingertips
into my lower abdomen.

"Let me get you to stand up for a second, Stu," the doctor said. "I want to
check for hernia."

"Even at his age?" my father asked.

"Sure, Mike, it's not age related." the doctor answered.

I slid off the end of the exam table and my pajama pants dropped to the
floor. The doctor slid his finger next to my left testicle and prompted me
to turn my head and cough. I did so.

And then it happened.

My penis began to swell. I was getting an erection, in front of the doctor
and, even more embarrassingly, in front of my father. It was only a matter
of seconds before my erection was sticking out in front of me.  The doctor
maintained a professional demeanor but my father couldn't help but grin. I
blushed furiously.

The doctor proceeded with the exam, inserting his finger on the other side
of my scrotum and gave the cough prompt again.  I complied. "Well, nothing
abdominally, hernia-wise."

"Do you think it could really be his appendix?" my dad asked.

"Not sure just yet, Mike." Meanwhile I was still standing there with my
young erection waving proudly ahead of me.  Glancing toward it, my father's
brow suddenly knitted together.

"Hey, Doc, what's that?" he said, pointing to a small swelling along the
upper portion of the shaft of my penis.

"Nothing I can see. What do you mean?"

"Here," my dad said, and reached his index finger to the area he meant. As
he did, my penis swelled slightly (and I still maintain, unintentionally.)
As it did, his finger slid along the swelling. Again, my dad had touched my
penis.  He pulled his hand back as though burned.

"Nothing more than a vein. A little more pronounced than some, but still a
vein."

"You sure, nothing serious?" my dad said.

"Mike, is there something else you want to ask?"

"Well, I have pretty much the same thing on mine, when it gets...you
know...like that." he responded, pointing at my still rampant erection.
"It's always kind of worried me. But mine's a little bigger than Stu's.
The vein, I mean, not his...you know."

(Did I mention we weren't very open with such things in my family?)

"Well, let me get this fellow taken care of and then we'll check into
yours. Back up on the table, Stu."

I hopped back up, maybe a little too lithely, because I had suddenly
forgotten my feigned illness. My penis bobbed in front of me as I landed
back on the table. I threw in a wince for good measure.

"Lay back again, Stu," the doctor requested. As I did, my penis waved again
and came to rest at almost a full perpendicular angle to my body. The
doctor resumed his exam, this time gently rotating my testicles in his
fingers.

"Any pain there, son?" he asked. I shook my head. Latching onto my father's
obvious concern, I pointed to the vein he had mentioned earlier. "I think
it hurts there, though."

My dad shifted uncomfortably as he glanced at the doctor. As I had expected
(hoped?) the doctor grasped the shaft of my penis. As he grasped, I gasped.

"That hurt, Stu?" my dad asked. I had no idea why I did it, but I nodded.

"See, I think it's the same thing I have."

I know what follows seems outlandish, but this was a different time...long
before stricter privacy laws, let alone serious public discussion of child
sexual abuse.

"Then let's take a look, Mike. It may be something hereditary. Step over
here behind the screen and drop your pants."

Now, in the fantasy world of erotic fiction, dad would've said something
like "Hell, Doc, we're all guys here." and just dropped trou. But this was
real and this was my dad. He stepped over to the privacy screen.

Remember, fellas, this entire time this twelve year old was laying in full
view of both men, effectively naked from the waist down with a full-on
erection.

I heard my father's jeans drop to the floor as the doctor rolled his stool
over, out of my view. He turned on the floor exam light and a shadow was
cast on the so-called privacy screen. In silhouette, I saw my father drop
his boxer shorts and could make out the outline of his soft penis, draped
over his scrotum. I could see the doctor reach forward and grasp my dad's
flaccid penis. "Now, no reaction like the boy there, right?" the doctor
said, alluding to my flagpole penis. Both men chuckled and I blushed
further.

"You're right, Mike, the vein is similar. He appeared to squeeze my
father's manhood. "Hurt?" he asked, looking up.

"Nope." said my dad. "But you think it's the same as Stu's?"

"Come over here, Stu," beckoned the doctor.

I was shocked. He wanted me to see what was going on behind the screen?

"That's okay, doc," my dad blurted. "If you say it's the same, I believe
you."

"Nonsense," the doctor replied. I just want to show you both it's
absolutely normal."

Again, in the world of porn, the doctor would then drop *his* pants and
compare dicks. And, again, this is not fiction, not entirely.

"C'mere, Stu." he said, and I hopped down again and shuffled over to the
screen. And, for the first time, I saw my father's penis. And still, I had
a full hard-on. It had continued to wobble in front of me as I made my way
over to them.

Standing us side by side, the doctor traced his finger along the vein on my
father's dick, urging us both to look.  Then he switched to mine.

"It's a simple vein; maybe bigger than most, but watch as I press on it."

Holding my dad's dick, his thumb underneath and two fingers on top, he
depressed the vein. It slid around under his manipulations. then he reached
for mine.

"Same thing, you see," he said, assuming the same cigar style hold on my
young cock.

He pressed the vein, once...twice...a third time.

All of the preceding had taken a toll on my libido. I wasn't gay...or at
least didn't think of my father or the doctor for that matter in sexual
terms. But the intimacy, coupled with the doctor's caresses, were too much.
I let out a small gasp.

And then I did it.

I ejaculated. Three distinct spurts of fluid squirted out of the tip of my
penis. I knew such things happened, but not yet to me.

My semen hit the floor with. Some of it landed on the top side of the
doctor's hand. And my dad had watched as I came.

"Jesus, Stu!" my dad cried out, "What are you doing?"

I stood there, totally helpless. The doctor immediately reached for the
tissue box next to the exam table. He was somber.

"I...I'm...I didn't mean to..." I began to cry. I had been manipulated to
my first wet orgasm...by the doctor...completely unexpectedly...and in
front of my father.

My dad grabbed at his underwear and jeans, scrambling to pull them up. The
doctor wheeled his stool away from us both.

"Christ, Stuart, cover yourself up!" my dad continued. The enormity of what
had just happened seems to dawn on his slowly.  He looked pale.

"Calm down, Mike." the doctor said reassuringly.

"Calm down?"

"Look, this is embarrassing enough for Stuart. It sure doesn't happen every
day but it's not completely unheard of.  It's a natural function."

"Can we just go?" my dad said, clearly having no idea what to say or do.

"We need to finish up the exam, Mike".

"I'm okay," I said suddenly.

Both men looked at me.

"I was faking. I didn't want to go back to school tomorrow. I'm sorry, I'm
sorry." It all came out at once and I began to cry.

"Shit." my dad muttered. "Shit, shit, shit."

The sight of his son ejaculating under the manipulation of a man had put
him over the edge.

"What do we tell Donna now?" my dad asked the doctor. "Bad enough I have to
tell her Stuart was faking, but if I had to tell her how I found out...I
don't know...I just don't know."

"Okay, Mike. Just take it easy. I'm not big on telling parents anything but
the truth. But you're right.  This is, um, sensitive."

Poor Dr. Cooper. He was still wiping away traces of my sperm, as I sat back
on the table, crying. And my father was a basket case. Later, I imagined,
he must have assumed what had happened could constitute abuse and would
scar me for life...let alone having to explain why he was exposed in front
of his son and why he had witnessed my first ejaculation of semen.

"Let's keep this very simple, Mike. We just tell Donna I don't suspect
appendicitis, that it's nothing more than a stomach virus and he should be
fine to go back to school tomorrow. We needn't tell her he was faking. You
*were* really faking, right Stuart?" I nodded.

"All right, then. Make sure you're all put together and I'll go and speak
to Donna, okay?"

My father nodded and Dr. Cooper left the room.

My father looked at me, rather sheepishly. "I'm sorry, Stuart. I didn't
mean to scare you. It's just that, well, when you...did that...it just
surprised me, that's all."

I was still sniffling. "It s'prised...me...too" I stuttered.

The light dawned for my dad. "Was that your, uh, your first time...you
know...with the liquid?" Poor dad couldn't even say the word "semen". I
nodded my head.

"I'm really sorry, son. it's just not a moment a father expects to share
with his son.' I sort of understood.

As we got ready to leave the room, I noticed it. To this day, if I am
grateful for anything that happened that night, I'm grateful that I saw
it. A two inch trail of my semen was snaked along the tip of my dad's black
leather work boot.

"DAD!" I said, pointing to my seed.

"Jeeezuz," my dad exhaled. Reaching for a tissue, my father wiped my
remaining seed from his shoe. No, guys. He didn't sniff the tissue, or
pocket it to wank with later. He threw the tissue in the white trash can
with not a little disgust.

"Let's go." he said as we left the exam room to meet my mother in the
waiting room.

And that, dear friends, is how and why my dad witnessed my first
ejaculation. And yes, it was the last time he even saw my penis. It didn't
"bond" us, we didn't laugh about it years later. We never spoke of it
again.                                                                                                                   

                                                                                                                          

     From James in Erie, Pa.                                                                                           

  In summer, as kids, we used to go to the public pool almost every day to swim. It was normally just kids 

there during the day but occasionally there would be adults there. One day there was a man in the showers, 

completely naked. He caused quite a stir, I can tell you, and I think he knew it. A little crowd of boys 

gathered in the shower room to watch him. I was fascinated by this hairy vision before me. I may have seen 

my father naked before that, but I don't really remember. This was the first time I really took note of a 

man's naked body and cock.I distinctly remember the way the shampoo ran down his body, through his hairy 

chest and dripped off his dick. He stayed in the shower for a long time and didn't seem to mind giving us all 

a show.                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                          

 From Carl in Waco, Tx.                                                                                               

       It was after mass when Father O'Hanley drew back his robe and forced his hard member into my 

mouth. I gagged and I was terrified but he pushed my head into his crotch and told me to be still and relax 

my mouth. Later he told my parents that I was such a good boy that he was taking me out to breakfast - they 

were so pleased - but instead he took me back to the rectory. This time he came in my mouth and pinned me 

down while he worked two fingers into my ass. Later he drove me home and told me to say we went to 

Denny's. That was the first cock I ever saw