Dreams Of Debbie
by paul2021

Debbie & Sylvie’s exposure leads to a delicious surprise.

"Dreams of Debbie" features characters from my previous stories which can be accessed from my author's page.

* * * * *

My enduring memory of Debbie - which would always come back to me when the nights were hot and I needed a fuck - featured the galley in Andy and Carrie's yacht.

I'd stripped Debbie naked and got her bent over the sink and I was taking her from behind while cradling those spectacular tits which were all over the place. We were trying to be quiet - if that was ever possible with Debbie during sex - as we knew Andy and Carrie were sunbathing up top. When the galley door opened and Andy appeared, I expected her to break away in embarrassment and attempt to cover up like any other woman -- but no. She just looked the other way and hid her face in the long blond hair falling dishabille over her shoulders and - stunningly - kept me standing to attention by gently running her cunt up and down my prick while Andy squeezed passed. Understandably, he didn't hang around and after collecting whatever he came down to collect and offering a red-faced apology, he headed back up to the deck. We then finished in a torrent of cries, bouncing tits and pounding arse cheeks with Debbie not giving a shit that she could be heard all over the boat.

What a girl!!

Oh yes -- then there was the beach. We anchored in a quiet little bay east of Hobart and took the dinghy to the deserted shore. The swimming costumes soon came off and we frolicked and swam and each couple took turns behind the beach for a quicky. Then Debbie and Carrie began to whisper and giggle to each-other and suddenly announced that they wanted to go for a walk on their own!

Shit! I don't know about Andy but I started to grow and had to roll on to my front.

The girls took off down the beach bollock naked and holding hands like two tanned and shining sea nymphs and were gone about an hour.

I would have paid 10,000 dollars to watch that one!

When they returned arm in arm with sly grins on their faces it gave me the palpitations and I grabbed Debbie for one last shag before we rowed back to the yacht. Needless to say, she didn't want any foreplay!

* * * * *

"Would you like an aperitif sir?"

I was shaken out of my day-dreams. The seat belt sign was off and we were on the way home. The Great Plains were passing below -- light brown and featureless apart from the large irrigation circles. We were just out of Denver en route to Heathrow.

Lovely Debbie had paid for my recuperation programme in Colorado Springs and I wanted to thank her personally -- she had saved my life -- and maybe, just maybe, we could give it another try -- well miracles do happen, don't they?

She had even paid for my first-class flight home. What a loving, kind, achingly incomprehensible, infuriatingly beautiful woman!

We were doing so well down under until her kids came out. Then the priorities changed. The mothering instinct took over and I became a side-show. She still loved that prat of a husband and within months she'd gone back home.

I now planned to spend a few weeks in a rental in London Docklands to sort out my affairs and then head back to the Far East and my agency which badly needed my attention - but I really needed to see her - to try just one more time. When she replied to my message my heart leapt. She agreed to meet up and I booked a table at the Berkeley in Knightsbridge -- I was an old regular and made sure we would be given a secluded table where we could talk privately. I badly wanted her and I'm sure she still wanted me.

We first became acquainted when I needed some legal input regarding a buy-out I was organising for a client. She was allocated to me and we hit it off immediately. I could tell things weren't right at home and, having walked down this path so many times to get a fuck, I showed an interest, became a good listener and a shoulder to cry on.

Christ -- she was hot -- and the breakthrough came when I jokingly suggested that she could get her husband interested again by dispensing with her underwear and wearing some nice black fancy top hold-ups under that back-slit skirt of hers. I cheekily suggested that she could try out that look on me first before treating her husband. She giggled and said she would think about it?

I thought no more of it but when I booked another meeting with her at my office in the City to run through some papers, I nearly peed myself when she appeared. Once she had closed the door and removed her coat, I could see for the first time those luscious tits, free at last to offer their charms to yours truly under her semi-transparent white silk blouse. Christ, her nipples were the biggest and proudest I'd ever seen -- and there was more. When she sat and crossed her legs, those fancy tops were peeking out under the hem of her very tight black pencil skirt and rimming those gorgeous thighs. Her high black business heels finished the job.

Now comes the surprising bit -- she just carried on through our meeting as normal but it went right over my head -- all I could think about was the look of her wanting pussy, begging for some attention, sitting patiently a few feet away under that skirt.

I decided to play her game -- when the meeting finished, I asked her if she wanted a drink at my local near Bank. She said no but suggested a little pub out on the Mile End Road well away from the City so we took a black cab.

We paid off the cabbie, walked in and a few locals at the bar turned to look admiringly at Debbie -- I would soon get used to that! She went immediately to the bar, had a quiet word with the barmaid who passed her a key and she led me into the lounge which was deserted and after unlocking a door and re-locking I followed her up two flights of stairs to a second door which led to a very bijou, tastefully furnished room with a king size bed, an en-suite bathroom and kitchen/dining area. A bottle of Pol Roger, always her champagne of choice, was sitting in an ice bucket on the table.

She had done this before!!

This was the place where she took her men for seduction -- discrete and well off piste to avoid her circle of professional contacts, friends or family.

The tables had been turned on me for the first time -- roles had been reversed -- she had taken the initiative and I was loving every minute of it!!

Look - I've shagged lots of women -- but this was different. First, she was the best I've ever slept with -- if that's called love then I admit it -- I was in love. Second her body was my ideal - you could lose yourself in her -- voluptuous, luscious, soft, rich double cream, sometimes yielding, sometimes aggressive, always energetic. Third, she instinctively knew when a little something on her naked body would turn me on -- it might be a crotchless G string or a pair of earrings, a choker or a bracelet on her ankle, an open cup bra offering up those tits for treatment or a shining dildo ... the list goes on. Fourth and finally and very importantly she was just awesomely intelligent and ultra-confident -- she knew what she wanted and made sure she got it. I could never take her for granted -- we would argue violently at times and she was truly frightening when she was aroused. Nevertheless, she was, at heart, a nurturer and a very loving woman towards those she truly cared for and I now had good reason to appreciate that!

That first time above the pub was just, well, fucking sensational. I remember ripping her blouse off and, with difficulty, running that tight skirt over her thighs but she kept her fancy tops and heels on throughout. I lost myself in her lips and her tits -- and eventually, as time was running out, she took the initiative and moved me on to finish the job. The feel of nylon on my thighs and torso always reminds me, with a shiver, of that first shag. She sat astride me to kiss me before putting my old pal inside her and the feel of her wet hairy pussy on my chest I will never forget. At the finish she would always want us to be in missionary with her knees doubled up and her legs wrapped around me to give, I always presumed, the deepest penetration together with pressure and movement across her clit. To bury my head in those tits after I came was fucking amazing. Needless to say, I never needed any help in the prick department where Debbie was concerned.

* * * * *

"Sir... Sir... we are just beginning our descent. Could you please fasten your seat-belt?"

I awoke and we were over the green fields of England and all was efficiency in First Class. I felt a wetness at the tip of my cock and scanned the face of the lovely stewardess hoping that my excitement hadn't been too obvious while I was asleep!

I began to look forward to London and the Berkeley.

* * * * *

Phil was right -- Debbie still had feelings for him. He was very different to David -- cocky, full of himself and "God's Gift" to women. Nevertheless, he was also kind, considerate, hilariously funny when he wanted to be and not at all possessive unlike David. He was a loveable rogue and there was always excitement with Phil, and Debbie loved excitement!

He was also hot in bed and Debbie had to admit that this was significant. She never had to work hard to get him up -- he was always ready. They were also well matched -- he was able to get her aroused in minutes and then they would fuck for hours. He was tall, well-built and masculine which mattered to her. David was more androgynous -- slim with no body hair whatsoever - which was fine -- she liked slim - but it was nice to have variety. There were many firsts with Phil -- she became anally proficient -- she learned to give and receive pleasure from another woman -- she was shown how to use dildos and was persuaded to wear them in public -- but she did draw the line at a threesome despite Phil's protests. It all seemed a little quaint now after her performances for Ray and Lyn!

She was very clear that she did not want to re-ignite the affair with Phil. She was settled in her role in the City and about to become a Senior Partner, she was happy with David and the kids were now of an age where any upset would be catastrophic... and she had Norfolk for a discrete diversion away from job and family when the mood took her.

So, for the Berkeley she booked a two-night stay, on her own, in the Chelsea hospitality flat owned by the Practice and she deliberately dressed down for the evening. She would wear all her underwear and the dildos would be left at home!

* * * * *

Debbie was late as always, but when she walked into the bar with that swagger, fuck, I fell for her all over again. I struggled to pin down what had changed -- she seemed more exotic -- more confident -- the hair was longer and "bigger" -- she had the aura of celebrity!! She was dressed very stylishly in black lace with the hem at her knee, long sleeves and a high neck line but she could not hide that intoxicating sex appeal. Both men and women turned to look as she swept into the bar -- Christ, I had missed her.

The meal, as usual was delicious and we slipped back into that easy chatter and intimacy. Both waiters were smitten and they could not do too much for her.

It was time to make my play:

"Debs, did you miss me?"

She pushed her hand across the table and I took it tenderly to my mouth and kissed it.

"Of course. I missed you lots. You know I did."

I followed up:

"Do you want... would it be possible to ... fuck Debs, I want you so badly!!"

"I know honey -- I know -- but we can't - it's over. You need to understand -- I want you as well but it's not going to happen!"

She had never called me "honey" before -- I liked it!!

At least she said "I want you as well". I just needed to keep working at it.

In the end she agreed to meet up again in a week for cocktails and we parted as friends with a chaste kiss on the cheek.

* * * * *

Debbie was severely tempted but she controlled her impulses during that first meeting. What could she do to relieve the pressure on her? She was concerned that Phil might do something stupid like turn up at their home or at the Practice. She needed a plan.

She rang Lyn for some advice and, after several calls, a plot was concocted involving a woman called Sylvie who lived alone in Old Wood Cottage near Ray's farm in the village.

Sylvie was Lyn's very special girl-friend and Debbie strongly suspected that Sylvie had solaced David while she was with Phil in New Zealand & Australia. The precise nature of Sylvie's relationship with him -- like did they fuck each-other - was unknown to her and, in any case, she did not want to know the intimate details.

Sylvie was what Phil would call a "Pro-Am" -- not exactly out and out "on the game" but, when the mood took her, not averse to some networking in the big hotels out west. She targeted Russian businessman or wealthy Saudis and offered her services for a few days in return for a little luxury and a healthy pay day in cash or jewellery. Ray had also used her extensively in the Studio and Debbie knew what that involved!!

Sylvie had got history. There were rumours of a boyfriend who had pimped her out before fleeing abroad under a mountain of debt and a wealthy American who gave her financial help and wanted marriage which Sylvie refused. She was a free spirit and too addicted to the high life to settle down. Debbie could sympathise!!

Lyn suggested that Debbie should tempt Phil with Sylvie to distract him from her. If he took the bait then Debbie would pay for Sylvie's time and costs and a rate was quickly agreed.

The plan worked perfectly. Debbie "bumped into her old friend" Sylvie at the cocktail bar and introduced her to Phil. Sylvie was dressed to impress in a skin tight sky blue lace mini dress with the usual Lyn strap heels. She was a raven-black long-haired brunette with a figure similar to Debbie but sleeker and gym toned and her perfect olive skin showed her physique to perfection. There was perhaps a hint of Asian Indian in her -- she was very exotic and Phil went for her like a moth to a flame. Debbie was a little jealous but shrugged off that stupid thought very quickly.

* * * * *

This is when my London stopover got really interesting. Sylvie was fucking marvellous -- what that girl didn't know about shagging wasn't worth knowing. What a stroke of luck meeting her like that and the old charm worked a treat. Within 24 hours we were at it like rutting wallabies.

OK -- she was not Debbie -- but she had some tricks of her own which were very novel.

We also got on extremely well and she took me round some awesome clubs and bars in the West End -- she was like a fucking A to Z.

... but as the days went by, I began to long for my lovely Debbie. There was no one like her and it was as simple as that. At the end of a particularly energetic session with Sylvie I had a vision which I could not shake off and it bought that particular fuck to a very satisfying conclusion! I suddenly imagined Debbie sitting on Sylvie's face and screaming to high heaven.

A threesome -- holy cannoli!!

I just couldn't get it out of my mind and it became an obsession. I even mentioned it to Sylvie -- she was pretty broad minded -- and she giggled and said something like "in your dreams" but I could see she was intrigued.

Anyway, to quickly move on to the juicy stuff.

About a week before I was due to fly out, I got a call from Debbie. She had been in contact with Sylvie and was wondering if I would be interested in modelling with them for one of her mates who was taking some photographs at the opening of a new private members club just off Grosvenor Square. They would be in evening dress and I would be in Black Tie with a Walther PPK in my hand aka James Bond! Need you ask -- type cast again - I leapt at the chance and got hold of an outfit "tout suite".

On the day a large parcel arrived at my place in St Katharine Docks addressed to Debbie who was calling with Sylvie that evening to dress before the big event.

I was already well into a bottle of single malt when the girls arrived.

* * * * *

When Debbie got the message from Lyn asking for help, she was reluctant to get involved but her penchant for a little naughty excitement overcame her caution. She favoured the positives -- although Debbie and Sylvie were required to flash the flesh in public there would be no sexual activity and both women would be fully masked throughout so anonymity would be preserved. Ray and his team would run the shoot and prevent any funny business and Debbie's portion of the fee would help defray Sylvie's charges -- she was not a Senior Partner yet! As regards Phil, Sylvie had done a great job on him and the possibility of Debbie's exposure re-igniting his passion was a risk worth taking.

The girls called at Phil's flat to prepare. Sylvie grabbed the bathroom and Debbie changed in the bedroom. The dress, naturally, was very revealing: black transparent sheer material, very tight-fitting neck to ankles, long sleeved with a tight-fitting waist supporting her tits which were on show through the transparency. The only underwear was a tiny diamante G string covering her pube but giving no cover in her rear. Lyn style black strap heels completed the outfit. Debbie finished the job with her porn hair and make-up. The mask was from Venice of the type worn during carnival. It covered her forehead, eyes and cheekbones leaving her mouth and chin exposed. It was gold coloured with an exotic scroll pattern and grey feathers sprouting in a vast semi-circle to the width of her shoulders. It was gorgeous. She would be truly anonymous and that was a relief.

* * * * *

Look, you've probably gathered by now that I'm no angel -- I've seen some sights in my time in Manila, Bangkok, Hong Kong -- you name it -- but those two women -- oh my ...

When they finally paraded themselves wearing identical costumes -- the one blond and cream the other black and olive -- I nearly crapped myself. I needed a drink and quick and so did they! If this was modelling then I was in the wrong career! I'm a lecher -- yes -- a dirty old middle-aged man -- but I didn't know where to look as the two women preened themselves. The aura of that lusciously powerful femininity on display in the small flat was overwhelming -- of course I was up and wet under my tux but there was something else -- and I don't want to sound sentimental -- I was proud that both of these gorgeous super clever women had allowed me into their beds to gift me the pleasure of their bodies and their intoxicating eroticism.

My driver Ronny rang the door-bell and the girls put on their long rain-coats and we all took the lift and walked down the quay to the taxi. The girls in their masks attracted some attention from the usual tourists and the smart phones came out. The girls did a quick hug and a pose keeping their coats on regrettably!!

Ronny took a sharp intake of breath when we got in the taxi but I occupied the front seat unfortunately for him and the girls took the back -- the meter went on and we were off. I had employed Ronny as a run around but he was bloody expensive and, with his meter in a standard saloon, I'm not sure he was even legal but more of that later.

We got to Grosvenor Square and the photographer Ray was already there setting up. He was great -- a real scream -- and the girls obviously knew him very well.

Our first pose was on the steps of the club and the rain-coats came off. The girls attracted quite a crowd and, again the smart phones were out in force. I have to say I looked the part and used the Walther with elan. I was James Bond and it suited me!!

There was a bit of booing when we finished but the girls did another hug and pose -- tits against tits -- and there was a big cheer. I had to concentrate to control my wood as they flaunted themselves - they were clearly loving every moment!!

Once we were inside, we were taken from room to room. It was all very plush -- red velvet everywhere - and to my absolute delight the club had organised a couple of nude female models with two nude males who followed us from room to room and disported themselves in the background. With all due modesty I was a lot more henched than those blokes -- in all departments - another lost opportunity!!

The whole shoot lasted about three hours and once we'd taken the buffet with more free booze I was well gone and we decided to call it a day. In any case they would be opening soon and the girls were keen to vacate before the real action started. Of course, I discretely made sure I got a card with a year's free membership before we left -- well, you never know!!!

We found Ronny and we were off.

Now this is where fate kicked in to lead the evening to an earth-shattering conclusion.

We were somewhere in deep and darkest north London and it was now gone midnight. I hadn't got a clue where we were but Debbie started to question Ronny about the route. With me being pissed this quickly degenerated into a major row and before we knew it, we were parked up and all outside having a slanging match with Ronny. I remember flinging him a £50 note and he gave me some shit before leaping into the car and driving off at speed with the girl's masks which were never seen again.

So, here we were in drab and wet north London -- marooned and lost - James Bond and two Bond girls in all their glamorous finery!!

The girls had no phones and my battery was flat so we started walking. The heels came off to make walking easier and after about fifteen minutes with the girls in bare feet on the wet pavement we saw the lights of an all-night greasy spoon café and headed towards it.

As soon as we walked in, even in my state, I clocked that this was not a good situation!! Three loutish blokes were sitting by the door in baggy track-suits looking and smelling like they had been sleeping in a garbage bin. They were tracking Debbie and Sylvie as we entered and I headed for the furthest table and sat the girls with their backs to the door. I went to the self-service and ordered three teas and asked the little bald man behind the counter if I could charge my phone. I could hear the greasy blokes murmuring to themselves and then one got up and walked over to the girls and another moved his chair across the door and lounged on it to bar our exit before giving me a leer. The third bloke came up behind me to block me in and the little bald man behind the counter looked like he was about to run for cover.

As the guy approached the girls, they got up but he was quickly on to Debbie grabbing hold of her coat and ripping it off her shoulders:

"Well bitches what have we here! Fuck me - look at the tits on this slut."

Debbie was frantically trying to cover up but it was no good. His greasy hands were all over her and he was feeling for her crotch. She was screaming.

The guy at the door had run over to Sylvie and she was kicking and bucking but the guy was strong and he ripped her coat off and was already shredding what remained of her dress.

The guy behind me was laughing:

"You don't mind sharing your sluts, mate -- we'll use those beauties fucking hard -- you better believe it -- get 'em in the van and tie 'em up Tel and we'll go somewhere nice and quiet where nobody 'ill hear 'em screaming!!"

I'm not the courageous sort and it took me a few moments to take in what was happening but the sight of the girls struggling was too much. I lunged at my bloke taking him by surprise and he fell backwards banging the back of his head on the table -- my first stroke of luck. I then headed for Debbie as Sylvie seemed to be holding her own. Sylvie's man broke off and I was on the floor with both of them.

Before I blacked out, I distinctly remembered hearing Sylvie tell Debbie to use their heels and go for their eyes or balls. After that there was nothing.

* * * * *

I woke up on the floor with a cushion under my head and both girls leaning over me. The smell of Debbie's Arpege perfume always reminds me of that moment even now. The little bald man was there as was a young well-dressed guy I did not recognise.

Debbie was in tears:

"Honey - are you hurt -- thank god you're conscious."

I looked into her eyes and my inner James Bond kicked in despite the pain:

"I mussssht be dreaming!!"

Well, everybody came out in tearful laughter and it certainly broke the doom- laden atmosphere. I was up in no time feeling very battered around my chest and bruised and cut up on my face.

To cut a long story short my guy apparently stayed flat out and the girls kicked ass with their heels on the other two which got the guys away from me and then the little bald man came good and used a couple of pans of boiling water to finish them off. They were gone.

The young guy was Sylvie's regular driver working out of one of the hotels in Park Lane and as Debbie wanted to avoid the police and I was only walking wounded we were soon speeding back to Docklands.

The girls were very quiet in the car and I was afraid that trauma might be setting in but as we settled down in my flat, I cracked a bottle of pinot and we all began to relax. Debbie and Sylvie had removed their coats and were still half naked, but they wanted to attend to my wounds before worrying about their modesty which was very nice. Debbie bathed the wound on my scalp and Sylvie was busy undoing my shirt and rubbing balm into my bruises. Apart from the odd sharp burst of pain this was becoming very pleasurable.

Being looked after by two near naked women was deliciously arousing and I could no longer resist. I leant forward a little and nuzzled into Debbie's soft breasts for comfort. She was not objecting. I reached out my hand and ran my fingers gently through Sylvie's raven hair. She leaned her head into my hand just like a cat when she wants to be stroked.

Then it happened -- Sylvie lifted her head and moved forward behind Debbie and began to kiss her shoulders and the back of her neck. Debbie turned to her and tenderly explored Sylvie's face with her lips and tongue.

At long last... after years of trying I was in dreamland.

* * * * *

We undressed each-other and moved into the bedroom. As usual with Debbie, on came the perfumed candles and the lowlights while Sylvie stripped the bed down to the silk over-blanket. The pillows were moved aside for later and we all settled down for a long night of comfort, healing and love.

With life changing events, and this fantastic night was certainly on my list, you remember by recall and the more you recall the longer the memories last. I will attempt to set down those memories to give you a flavour but I can't promise to tell you everything.

I do remember Debbie being the focus of our lovemaking. I did make love to Sylvie once or possibly twice but it was Debbie who we both wanted.

With the three of us there were many delicious permutations.

When I was fucking Debbie in missionary, Sylvie would be at work on Debbie's tits or her lips or would offer her cunt to Debbie's mouth for some exploration.

When Debbie was on all fours with Sylvie's tongue in her cunt from behind, I was receiving fellatio from her lips.

I would then exchange positions with Sylvie and fuck Debbie or give her anal while she was pleasuring Sylvie's cunt in a tandem doggy, if you can imagine such a thing, or Sylvie would slide under Debbie to suckle those wonderful falling tits.

If Debbie was riding me, Sylvie would massage her back to encourage her or Debbie would fall onto my chest opening up her arse cheeks for Sylvie to pleasure her anus.

When it all got a bit much, I would just watch them feasting on each-other and after that performance I would soon be up and running again.

It was a hot night in more ways than one and as we all began to glisten with exertion, I was sometimes despatched to the kitchen to collect some refreshments like a good boy while they got on with it. I was very happy to oblige and in return I was always given a special reward!!

At last, I slept but I could still sense the barely perceptible movement of warm flesh against my body and now and again the faint exhalations of female effort and the soft sighs signifying another coupling successfully completed. They must have continued long after I retired exhausted.

* * * * *

I opened my eyes and my body ached. I was alone and it was past noon.

I left the bedroom but the flat was deserted and the girl's stuff was gone like they were never there.

Two notes were sitting on the table:

"Dear Phil,

Sorry I had to leave early but a very good friend of mine needs me at home. I am catching the morning train to Norwich. I cannot return before you fly out so I just wanted to wish you bon-voyage and thankyou lots for the great time you gave me. It was wonderful.

Much love, Sylvie xxx"

The second read:

"Hi Honey,

I am off on assignment to Edinburgh today leaving City Airport at 11.30AM. I hope you are feeling better and you don't ache too much. You saved our lives yesterday lover and we are so grateful. I hope we didn't keep you awake last night!!??

Stay in touch and when you are next over, drop me a message and we will, repeat will, get together again. You are so good for me and I will really miss you.

Thinking of you...

Lots and lots of love and kisses,

Your Debbie."

Well -- that was it -- but she still loved me and I was her "honey" and her "lover" and that was enough. This was not the end -- there would be more.

I moped about docklands for a couple of days but life was empty -- I wanted closure -- I wanted to talk about my feelings to both women and make love again.

Then I saw her at the local coffee shop -- what a peach -- long auburn hair -- bright summer dress -- gorgeous tits and legs -- on her own -- she deliberately accidentally left her mobile on the table as she got up and walked out and I moved in pretty smartish I can tell you!!

* * * * *
