Mindy's Escapades
bycrawl2©

Mindy's Escapades Ch. 01

Relocation begins to reveal Mindy's previously hidden fantasy 

Somewhat to Mindy's dismay, I accepted a position in central Oklahoma with a private investor I'd met while working with a client in my hometown of Dallas. The position included a salary and perks I could not refuse. Mindy was comfortable with our environment, we have several friends and truthfully, she dislikes changes of this nature. That being said, we figured at our age, this was the perfect time for a change. She's 28 and I'm 30. We've been married four years.

Early on I learned that Mindy was a closet exhibitionist. However, since I love that kind of thing, it didn't take us long to expand greatly on her little unassuming, accidental flashes. In most cases, we didn't involve anyone we knew, but that began to change a little. At 5' 2" and 105 lbs, most people think her best feature is her legs. I don't entirely agree, but I know things they don't. She took years of ballet as a kid and now teaches two aerobics classes a day, so her legs are great. However, her 34 D cups appear as if they were added on because of her small frame, but they definitely are not. The most amazing feature is her tits and what makes them amazing, other than the size and the fact they stand up like eighteen year old girls, is that her nipples extend to half an inch when cold or aroused. They are extremely sensitive and although she claims she has climaxed simply by having them manipulated, I haven't made that happen yet.

My name is Brad and the decision to move was almost entirely mine. I convinced Mindy that if we couldn't stand our new location within two years I'd have enough money to live anywhere she chose. That is what convinced her to agree to the move.

Because of a depressed housing market at the time we moved, we found the perfect home for us. It sits at the end of a cul-de-sac on the north side of the street. The developer failed and the subdivision wasn't completely finished. We have one neighbor to the west and one across the street. Across the street the neighbors are in their seventies and rarely are seen outside. The neighbor to our west is a different story. His name is Michael, not Mike or Mr. Weathers, but Michael. He's retired military and flies for a commercial airline company eight to ten days a month. Michael is the reason for the major change in Mindy. He's in his early fifties, and as Mindy describes him, he's ripped.

Mindy almost always wears short skirts and sheer blouses. She loves showing her body off as much as I enjoy her doing it Michael stood outside working on his lawn shirtless the day we pulled up to look at the house. We were in Mindy's car, a Porsche convertible and she sat in the passenger seat when Michael came up to the side of the car to introduce himself that first day. With her skirt sitting only a few inches below her nicely trimmed, uncovered pussy, Mindy gave him quite a show. She also checked out his six-pack abs. I know this because she mentioned it more than once that evening. It caught me a little by surprise, primarily because he's twenty-five years older than her. I'm 6' 5" tall and in pretty good shape, but I've never had six-pack abs for two reasons; I like to drink beer and I don't like to watch what I eat.

Mindy has flashed everyone from the valet guy to the pizza delivery boy to the shoe salesman and really enjoys it. Her regular shoe salesman back home is really going to miss her. She never wears underwear. It's something I asked her to do the first six months we were married, but it didn't take much convincing.

Michael seemed to be outside working in his yard every time Mindy came home from work. Since Michael doesn't work much he spends his days working out in his home gym and working on his yard. He would stop her before she pulled into the garage almost on a daily basis. It was something Mindy looked forward to. We moved into the house in the late spring, so every day coming in from work she had the convertible top down, her blouse open as much as possible and her skirt displaying as much leg as possible. Of course even that increased over a period of a few weeks. One day when she came home I decided to step up to the car as Michael spoke to her. She sat with one leg bent up and the other extended. From my side of the car I could see her perfectly trimmed pussy. From his side of the car he had a full on, unobstructed view. She got a big kick out of it and it always made us hot when we discussed it later. If possible, her little ten minutes of play time increased our sex life.

Just for fun I suggested planting a small camera on the branch of a tree that overhung our driveway strategically placed to take in the view of her and her new admirer. She thought it was a great idea and it provided us with a great deal of entertainment when we played it back on the big screen. Although she had a real good idea exactly what his view was, watching it on the big screen later showed her exactly why he stopped her when she got home.

One hot day in the early summer she slowly pulled into the driveway and waved at Michael just to make sure he saw her. Wearing one of her shortest skirts she pulled in with a huge coke cup between her legs. She left it there while they talked. Her skirt was pulled all the way up exposing most of her hips on each side and the drink cup was the only thing blocking his view up her skirt. After a couple of minutes of conversation he said, "Damn that looks good."

Mindy, intentionally misinterpreting his comment and said, "Oh it is. Would you like a drink?"

He smiled and said, "Yes, I believe I would."

Then he reached down and picked the cup up from between her legs and took a sip. She never moved her legs closer together and he never took his eyes off of her pussy. Mindy has dark hair and blue eyes. She shaves every day and leaves a little dark landing strip at the top. After a couple of slow sips, he slowly replaced the cup exactly where he found it. We watched the video later that evening and the sight was amazing. Even her little landing strip came into perfect view.

Mindy likes to work on her tan in the back yard and our house provided the perfect place. A stockade fence separated our house from Michael's. His view would have been completely blocked if not for all the gaps in the fence. Of course, that would have ruined our play time.

I'm not much for working on a tan so I sit in the shade most of the time and we talk. Throughout our marriage we have verbally played a few scenarios which included people watching her or even touching her. She would close her eyes or I'd blindfold her and I would begin describing the particular situation. The stories and the scenes would arouse her greatly, partially because she didn't know for sure if someone was watching or I was just bullshitting her. On more than one occasion someone was actually watching. We also played with her toys as I described another man coming into the room and slipping his dick into her. These scenarios always excited her, but she would say later that she wouldn't actually let another man do anything to her. She has stuck with that since we've been married. I always thought it was because we were trying to have a kid. 

A few months before we moved, Mindy was told she would not be able to get pregnant. The news devastated her at first and then her attitude during our play changed. She hasn't said lately that she definitely wouldn't have sex with anyone else and I was too scared to push it.

In the back yard Mindy would wear the skimpiest bikinis. I bought her one for a trip to Mexico that she never had the nerve to wear. It was called the wicked weasel and if folded properly would fit inside an Altoid box. One Saturday afternoon she decided to wear it in the back yard. She commented that it was so small that she needed to shave her little landing strip. I saw Michael between the fence slats watching her in her wicked weasel bikini. I didn't want to ruin our fun so I asked her to close her eyes as I described the situation. I told her where he sat which was only about fifteen feet away from her feet. Her feet always faced his fence. 

As I began rubbing coconut oil all over her I described Michael moving around for a better view. She responded almost immediately. As I began putting the oil between her legs I asked her to spread her legs wide to give Michael a better view. She immediately complied. I moved her bikini bottom to the side and slid my fingers into her as I asked her to remove her top. She acted as if my requests were a command. Mindy began to moan in response to my manipulation and to my descriptions of Michael's reaction. She had her dark sunglasses on and I finally told her to casually glance at a particular spot on the fence and she could see that what I was telling her was actually true. She sat up a little to get a drink and looked at the gap between the fence. At first she almost froze. I told her to lay back, open her legs wider and I would finish what I started. She climaxed within a minute.

We continued to play the back yard games.

Sometimes Michael was there and sometimes he wasn't. The games went on for over a month and Mindy certainly enjoyed them. Then one Saturday things changed. I was off work one Friday and Michael and I began drinking beer and talking. He wanted to know what our situation was so I told him.

"Mindy is an exhibitionist and we like to play games. Usually we don't play games with anyone we know, but in your case that changed. Our basic rules are as long as we are doing it together and we both enjoy it, who gets hurt?"

Michael and I drank beer all afternoon and in our drunken stupor decided on a plan to include him that seemed feasible. It seemed feasible because we drank two cases of beer that day.

That Saturday we decided to put our plan to work. Admittedly our plan didn't appear nearly as feasible as it did the day before, but we decided to go on with it. I asked Mindy if she wanted to play one of our games and she was all for it. We'd had a few drinks before stepping outside so she was willing to appease me. I asked her to get her blindfold instead of the dark sunglasses and skip the bikini. She smiled, went to the bedroom to get the blindfold, came back and handed it to me. I placed the blindfold on her making sure she couldn't see anything and led her to the lounge chair. My hands were trembling and I was definitely having second thoughts about my plan, but the little head took over and I decided, why not.

I rubbed a little oil on Mindy's back and began my story. "Michael is back."

She giggled and said, "Good."

Mindy absolutely did not believe Michael was behind the fence. I began describing the situation and then the little head said, "What the fuck," so I continued. "I think Michael would like to come over here so he can get a close up view of your perfect body. I'm going to motion him over. But first, to keep it real here are the rules. Michael will not be able to say anything, but you must tell him what you want him to do."

"Okay," Mindy said with a girlish giggle.

I'm 100% sure she believed my story to be total fabrication.

After taking a deep breath and a large gulp from my drink I motioned him over just like we had planned. He was quiet and stood right beside Mindy near her head.

"Michael is here Mindy, tell him hi."

"Hi Michael," Mindy said in her exaggerated southern drawl.

"He said hi," I told her. "Michael would like for you to turn over so he can rub a little coconut oil on your beautiful tits. Would you like for him to do that?"

"Yes I would."

"Then you need to ask him," I told her.

"Michael, would you please rub oil all over my big tits and hard nipples?"

"He smiled and nodded yes," I whispered.

Michael kneeled next to the lounger and the moment of truth and reality hit me like a ton of bricks. However, I was too far into it to stop now. I put oil in his hands and he began rubbing it onto her left tit with both hands. Slowly and gently he covered her entire tit and began tweaking her long nipple between his fingers. Mindy began to squirm. I filled his hands up again and he stretched over her to repeat the process on the other tit. Her elongated nipples are too much to resist and Michael took one in his mouth and sucked furiously. It sent Mindy over the edge. Mindy's hips began to move and she squirmed beneath his touch. I motioned for him to back up a little and while squirting oil on her stomach I asked her if she would like for Michael to finish rubbing oil on her. 

Almost breathlessly she said, "Yes."

"Then you need to tell Michael what you want."

Mindy was having difficulty catching her breath when she said, "Michael, I want you to slowly rub oil onto my stomach and on both of my legs."

Michael smiled at me, but my hands were really beginning to tremble and I spilled more oil that I got on her. Fear of getting busted was now a real thought.

Michael slowly rubbed oil all over her stomach running his hand to within an inch of her clit and then back up. He then moved to the foot of the lounge chair, lifted one leg off the lounger and completely covered her left leg with oil. Mindy began to moan, but I still believed and it was confirmed later that she still thought it was me rubbing the oil in. He bent her left leg and laid it on the lounge chair opening her up almost completely. Then he moved to her other leg, lifted it and repeated the process. Now with one leg bent and lying on the lounge chair and her other leg bent and in his hands, she was wide open. I took in the view from directly behind him. She was soaking wet and her lips were parted like rose petals. It was the most excited I'd seen her in quite a while.

"Please rub some oil on my pussy Michael," she blurted out.

Pussy is a word Mindy doesn't use. The last time I heard her say it was when she told a guy she works with that couldn't keep up with her exercise class a pussy.

Michael looked at me with a questioning look and I just smiled and nodded.

He ran his thumb across her clit and she scooted into him instantly. Michael spread her legs as far apart as they would go and began manipulating her lips with his thumbs. He put two fingers in her with one hand and rubbed her clit with the other and she bucked up off of the lounge chair trying to get his fingers farther into her. Michael fingered her, rubbed her clit and manipulated the outside of her lips with a hand on each side of her pussy for about five minutes. 

Mindy isn't much of a 'back door' kind of girls and other than licking her or an occasional finger in her we don't do much playing in that area. How would Michael know that? He reached for the oil, poured some on his hand and slipped his little finger in her ass followed by three fingers in her pussy all the while rubbing her clit with the thumb of his other hand.

"Lick me Michael," Mindy blurted out. "I want your tongue in my hot pussy."

I almost fell over. My dick was so hard I didn't think it would ever go down.

Michael licked her from top to bottom and then began sucking on her clit. Mindy bucked up in an attempt to get more of his tongue into her. He buried his tongue deep into her as she rocked back and forth and then she reached up to grab his head and froze. I went from hero to zero as my dick went instantly limp. Michael wears very short hair and mine is long. I knew we were busted and a dozen scenarios went through my mind...none of them good. She stopped moving for about fifteen seconds that seemed like two hours to me. I had no idea what to do. Finally I said, "Michael wants to know if there is something wrong. He wants to know if you want him to stop."

In a low sultry voice she said, "Michael, everything you are doing is perfect. I just needed a quick breather. Please continue doing exactly what you have been doing."

There was no question, we were busted. Her voice went from excited to sultry, she wasn't bucking like she did earlier and I knew I would have hell to pay when this was over.

Then suddenly Mindy began moving again. She grabbed the top of his head with one hand, his face with the other and began giving him instructions. "That's it, right there. Bury your tongue deep into my pussy. Oh, suck on my clit." 

When he moved his tongue over her clit and then enclosed his mouth around it she had an earth shattering climax. Almost immediately she pushed his head back because she was too sensitive.

What the hell I thought, I'm already busted I may as well continue pushing the envelope.

"Mindy I think Michael wants you to give him a blowjob. What do you think?" I asked.

Mindy sat up in her chair and said, "Michael after what you just did for me, I'd love to give you the best blowjob you've ever had." 

Sitting up with her legs on each side of the lounge chair she placed her hands on her thighs, opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. Michael dropped his shorts in record time and placed the head of his dick on her tongue. Mindy immediately began working wonders on him. If she didn't know before that it wasn't me, she did now. I'm a little above average in length and fairly big around. Michael wasn't quite as long, but he was much bigger around. In addition, his balls were huge and hung down a long ways. Mindy took her hands off of her thighs, cupped his balls with one hand and held his dick with the other. 

My hard on returned. I may pay later, but I was definitely enjoying the show. Mindy licked and sucked on his dick and then took him all the way down to the base. It's something she has never quite been able to do with me. She pulled him all the way out and then swallowed him down to the base fifteen or twenty times in a row. He stopped letting her do all the work and began pushing back. Michael held her chin and cheek with one hand and rocked back and forth until he buried his dick to the base several times and Mindy knew he was about to cum. I motioned for him to continue, letting him know she loved to make a guy cum in her mouth. When Mindy knew he was over the edge she took his dick in both hands and opened her mouth wide to let him know she wanted him to cum in her mouth. Mindy knows I like to watch myself cum like that and she always opens wide so I can watch it. I knew she was doing this for me. 

Michael's first squirt went straight into her mouth. The second and third hit her upper lip and cheek. Mindy sucked him back down her throat and then worked the head of his dick again making sure she got all of his cum. She then used the head of his dick to wipe the cum off of her upper lip and cheek and then sucked it off again. Before she let him pull out she took him all the way down her throat and worked the base of his dick with her tongue. It's something she is very good at. When she slowly pulled back to the end there was nothing left on him but her saliva.

Michael pulled his pants up and I motioned for him to go. "I told Mindy, "Michael has to go now, tell him goodbye."

"Bye Michael, we should do this again sometime. We'll see you later. Maybe you should come over this evening around seven and we'll cook some steaks out."

Michael left immediately and Mindy took a couple of slow sips of her drink before removing her blindfold. She turned to me and smiled, but didn't say anything.

I broke the silence. "Did you know when you touched his head or did you know before then?"

She smiled and my heart quit skipping beats.

"No, I didn't know until I touched his head. That's the reason I froze."

"Why didn't you stop us?"

"Because I knew it was something you wanted and I was having fun. It's probably not something I would have done if he had just come over while I was lying out nude and asked to rub oil on me. Besides, if you haven't figured it out by now, I will do anything sexual you ask me to do. Keep in mind I said sexual, I'm not subservient just submissive in that area."


My mind began to reel. "Anything?"

Mindy looked at me and said, "Anything within reason." She paused, smiled at me and then said, "No, I do mean anything. You wouldn't ask me to something completely crazy or anything that would endanger me...so yes, anything. What are you going to do with your new found power big boy?"

"Well to begin with, I want you to give me a blowjob right here in the back yard just like you did Michael."

She smiled as she moved toward me. It won't be exactly like Michael's because I can't take you all the way down, but it will be close."

"I already have ideas of what to do with my new found power. You already know I have a very vivid imagination when it comes to sex. Michael still thinks we had you fooled. Although he heard your invitation to dinner, he didn't believe it was actually directed to him. I think I'll invite him over for dinner. In the mean time, I'll be thinking of something."

Mindy smiled a very nervous smile and then said, "OK. When are you going to tell him I know it was actually him?"

"I'll explain it to him when I go ask him to dinner."

Michael was surprised we didn't actually get away with our scheme when I told him the whole story. He accepted our invitation to dinner.

A little before 7:00 Mindy came into the living room wearing a very short, yellow dress with spaghetti straps holding it all on. It took her two hours to take a bath, put on make-up and slip on the tiny dress, but it was worth it.

Michael came over and we stood outside drinking while I cooked steaks. Mindy sat on the table next to us showing us that without a doubt all she had on was the tiny, thin dress that I knew I could drop to the ground in two seconds just by releasing the two spaghetti straps. We laughed about our great plan and told Mindy after a case of beer each it sounded feasible.

"I'll let you in on another little secret after dinner Michael," I laughingly told him.

"I can't wait," he said laughing.

Nothing had been discussed with Mindy. I really wanted my request to her to be a surprise and to find out if she really meant anything.

After dinner we sat in the living room and had a few drinks. Michael sat in the overstuffed chair and Mindy and I sat across from him on the sofa.

"Mindy and I have a unique relationship," I began.

"No shit," Michael responded. "Tell me more."

"Mindy will do anything sexually that I ask her to do."

"Anything? Bullshit."

"I'm prepared to show you if you're game."

"Hell yes, I'm game."

Mindy sat next to me with a look I'm not sure I can describe. It was a cross between shock and disbelief. I don't think she thought my new found power would begin tonight.

I leaned Mindy over to me and whispered to her exactly what I wanted her to do. The look of shock filled her face, so I asked her, "You did say anything sexual. Have you changed your mind? It's ok if you have, just let me know."

"No, I meant anything. I just wasn't expecting it this soon."

"Well," I said.

Mindy smiled, but she was nervous. She got off the sofa and crawled across the floor on her hand and knees giving Michael a beautiful view down her low cut dress and me a great view of her ass. When she got to his chair she took the drink out of his hand and placed it on the table. She instantly turned back around, unsnapped his shorts, unzipped them and pulled his dick out. She began a repeat performance from earlier in the afternoon. Michael just looked at me dumbfounded and then smiled.

She gave him a blowjob for about five minutes and then stood up, reached for his hands, and indicated she wanted him to stand up. She then took his pants completely off, then his shirt and asked him to lie on his back on the rug. Mindy stood over him with one foot on each side of his stomach, dropped her dress, stepped out of it and sat on his stomach. She slid up his chest and then began to straddle his face. Wet spots showed on his stomach where she sat. Michael grabbed her ass and sat her straight down on his mouth. Mindy faced me and smiled as she rode his tongue for at least five minutes. She then rose up, slid back down his body and impaled herself on his dick. She rode him hard for a good fifteen minutes while he rotated sucking her nipples. At the verge and in almost desperation he asked her where she wanted it.

"Fill my hot pussy with your cum Michael."

He did almost instantly after her request.

Mindy left him lying on the floor and came over to me. She motioned for me to lie on my back on the sofa, ripped my pants off and climbed on me exactly as she did Michael. The feeling of her soaking wet pussy filled with another man's cum wasn't something I'd ever felt before, but it felt great and the whole situation was extremely exciting. Unfortunately for me, I came in about five minutes. She rode me until there was nothing left. 

Michael came over to the sofa, picked Mindy up and laid her on her back on the area rug and then he did something I've never been able to do. He began licking her pussy again. Mindy was going nuts and squirmed under his mouth almost as if she was trying to get away. In about five minutes she came again and almost immediately began pushing his head away. He laid beside her for a couple of minutes giving her a chance to recover and then rolled over on top of her. I watched from five feet away as he ran his fat dick up and down her slit and slowly buried it all the way in. Sitting on the sofa I watched as his dick pumped in and out of her and she wrapped her legs around his back trying to get even more in. In a few minutes they exploded together.

We all sat on the rug, finished our drink and talked a few minutes before he went home. "I don't mean to be offensive," I said to Michael, "But I didn't think a guy your age could get it up so many times in one day."

He laughed and said, "Neither did I. I haven't had sex since my wife died seven years ago."

"No shit? Seven years without sex?" Mindy and I almost said together.

"It's true."


Mindy's Escapades Ch. 02

Mindy and I planned a Caribbean vacation in a couple of weeks. Our flight was from Dallas and I thought it would give us a great opportunity to visit my friend Hunter from college. Mindy knows about him and most of our adventures in school, but she's never met him. After graduation I moved to Dallas and he moved to Chicago. We've seen each other a few times since school when my business required me to travel to Chicago. Hunter recently transferred to his company's Dallas office for a temporary assignment and I've wanted to visit him for a few weeks and have him meet Mindy. With my new found power, thoughts of that meeting have crossed my mind and I came up with a very elaborate plan.

Watching a skin flick one evening that showed a threesome with a black man and a white man with a young, petite woman, Mindy made the comment that the stories about black men must be true. I told her that wasn't necessarily the case and that I've seen white guys hung better than the black man on the screen. She couldn't believe it and told me that I was the biggest she'd ever seen. I told her she was in for a surprise because that definitely wasn't the case. When she asked me how I knew that, I simply explained that I played sports and the showers in the locker rooms weren't exactly private. What I didn't tell her was that Hunter would make the guy in the skin flick look small. Although I'd never seen Hunter with an erection, he is larger flaccid than I am erect, so I could only imagine.

The plan I came up with was very detailed and would take a lot of planning, but if it worked it would be great. Hunter had a 30th birthday coming up the Saturday before we flew out for Mexico and I began putting my plan together. I discussed the details with Mindy and although she was all for it, she wasn't sure she could pull it off. I told her we would practice it several times and she'd do fine. The plan included a nurse going to his office to perform a complete physical for a rather large insurance policy his company wanted to buy for him. Of course, Mindy would be the nurse.

Cindy, Hunter's personal secretary moved with him to Dallas and she and I had a good rapport. I knew she'd be willing to help me with my plan. After discussing the details with Mindy, I called Cindy with a few of the basic details. She loved the idea and would help me by clearing his schedule for 5:00 the Friday before we flew to Mexico. In addition, I asked her to take pictures of his office and email them to me so I would know exactly where to set up the cameras. Cindy typed a letter on their company letterhead explaining that the company intended to purchase a key man insurance policy on him and that they had scheduled his physical for the Friday we discussed. He basically had no choice but to keep the appointment.

I called Hunter to tell him we'd be in town the Saturday afternoon of his birthday. He was as excited as I was, but for very different reasons.

Mindy began to get excited when we started shopping for a nursing dress and the equipment necessary to pull this scheme off. After spending over an hour in a uniform shop trying on nurse outfits we began to realize they were all too conservative for our plan. Mindy suggested we go to a costume shop. I thought that was a great idea and it let me know she was definitely interested in our scheme.

We found the perfect dress in no time. It was white, very short, buttoned up the front and was extremely low cut. Not that Mindy needed it, but it pushed her tits up quite a bit and revealed a great deal of cleavage. It was also designed at the top where it would show her nipples with the slightest bend. She decided that she needed white thigh high stockings to finish off the look. When she modeled the ensemble for me at home I was erect almost instantly.

During the next week we practiced every move she'd make while in his office. Mindy practiced the hour long routine on me several times. She even took a blood sample from me the first three times. After the tenth practice run Mindy smiled at me and said, "I wonder if Michael would let me practice this on him." I simply laughed at the stupid question.

She did practice the routine on Michael the next day. All Michael could say afterward was what a good friend he and Hunter had.

The excitement built up for Mindy and me all week; me because I enjoy her showing off and for her because she was going to undress a man she'd only heard of and never met.

We arrived at Hunter's office a few minutes before 5:00 and I let Mindy enter while I stood in the hallway making sure Hunter didn't see me. When Mindy walked into his office Cindy announced she was leaving for the day. After the door closed, I walked in and sat down in the waiting room with my laptop ready to watch the entire live show after Mindy placed the cases housing the cameras in their proper place. Cindy didn't know Mindy was my wife and assumed she was just someone I hired for the job. Cindy said on her way out the door, "That woman looks so good I think I want her myself." I told Cindy that I didn't know she swung that way. She replied that she didn't, but that woman might convince her to change.

For simplicity Mindy introduced herself to Hunter as Wendy. It wasn't original, but it was humorous. Mindy opened the two small cases that held her equipment and the cameras, placed one on a table on the right side of the room that videoed the front of the desk where he would stand when she began the physical and the other that videoed the top of his desk, where she planned to finish. I was extremely excited when the video came live across my computer.

"My god, I wasn't expecting a nurse that looked anything like you," Hunter announced.

"Calm down big boy before you embarrass yourself," Mindy responded. "This is already going to be a little embarrassing for you."

"What do you mean?" Hunter said with a concerned look.

"Well, it is a complete physical. Didn't your assistant give you the details I emailed her?"

"No, no she didn't."

Mindy smiled at him. "Relax; it won't be painful, except for the blood sample."

"You're kidding."

"No, please hand me your right arm," Mindy said with some authority.

After taking the sample she said, "Please remove your shirt, it will make the next few steps a little easier."

Hunter slowly removed his shirt, but had a concerned look on his face the whole time.

I couldn't wait until Mindy got to the part where she could see his huge dick. I wanted that to be a total surprise to her.

It's funny, in school Hunter always tried to wear something to hide the fact he had a huge dick. I always told him if it were mine I'd go commando in the tightest pants I could find. For some reason the thought of someone seeing the outline of his dick in his pants always embarrassed him. One of the girls I went out with in college entered our apartment with me while Hunter walked out of the shower completely nude. It took about thirty minutes for the rumors about his size to get around school.

Mindy followed every step of our practiced routine. She took his blood pressure and wrote the numbers on a form in her clipboard. She pulled out the stethoscope, placed it on his chest and monitored his heart rate. Instead of simply asking him to turn around, she placed a hand on each shoulder and turned him around in an attempt to show a little authority. She placed the stethoscope on his back and had him breathe in and out deeply. Everything at this point appeared very professional. Mindy handed him a cup, smiled and told him she needed a urine sample. He headed for his private bathroom in his office. 

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"To fill this up."

"No, I have to observe. Men have tried to use urine from other people and even tried to fill one with a bottle after turning their back to me. I have a very good job that pays very well and I don't intend to lose it. You need to stand right here in front of me while I watch."

"Bullshit, I don't think I'll be able to go with you watching," Hunter stated while looking at the urine cup.

"Well, I guess we'll be here a long time then."

Hunter stood in front of his desk with Mindy seated a couple of feet in front. The top of her dress gaped open and her dress covered her by only a few inches. At that point things appeared fairly legitimate.

I don't think Hunter even noticed her attire at that moment because he was so nervous.

After at least two minutes of standing in front of his desk staring at the urine cup, Hunter began to unzip his pants.

Mindy said, "You may as well unsnap your pants and drop them. We're going to get there eventually anyway. After you urinate, I have to check you to make sure there is no discharge and I can't do that from across the room. In addition, I have to perform a hernia check and a prostate exam."

Hunter's face went blank. "This just keeps getting better," he stated sarcastically.

He unbuttoned his pants and dropped them. The expression on Mindy's face was priceless. She kept her cool sitting in front of him less than two feet away and watched. When she was sure he couldn't see her face, she turned to the camera and mouthed the words "Oh my god and wow," before giving me a huge smile.

When he finally did begin to urinate, he almost filled the cup to the brim. Mindy nonchalantly took the cup, placed the lid on it, wrote something on the lid and placed it in one of her cases. 

Mindy scooted up in the chair 'accidently' opening her legs giving him a great view up her short dress. His eyes kept bouncing from her tits to her pussy. Since His view up her dress was unobstructed and because of her skimpy bikini, she was shaved completely. She then took out a wet wipe with her right hand and grabbed his dick with her left. It's something I know she did intentionally to give me a better view through the camera. Her tiny hand barely wrapped around his dick and he was flaccid. She slowly began wiping the head of his dick with the wet wipe and never changed her facial expression. It all looked professional from my view.

Hunter said, "If you keep that up I'm going to embarrass myself."

"How's that?" Mindy innocently asked.

"If you keep that up, I'm going to get an erection right here in the middle of this examination."

"Good," she replied. "If that should happen, I'll know your prostate is working fine."

Hunter laughed and began to relax. "Well you're getting ready to find that out."

Mindy smiled at him, "Now I'm going to check you for any additional discharge."

With that she put both bare hands on his dick, moved up in her chair until she was less than two feet away and began slowly jacking her hands back and forth on him. She moved her hand closest to the end of his dick and began rubbing her thumb around the head. He began getting hard almost instantly. Mindy was in awe. For that matter, so was I. When erect, she could not close her hands around him. In fact, they wouldn't come within an inch of closing around him.

Surprisingly, he didn't get much longer. He was around seven inches long flaccid and grew to about nine inches; still fairly substantial from my perspective. Mindy moved both hands to the head of his dick and using both thumbs opened him up a little. Lightly and very slowly she rubbed her thumbs over the head of his dick. Suddenly she stopped, turned around and wrote something in her notebook.

"Now stand straight up," she almost ordered. Mindy cupped his balls with both hands and lifted them up and down a few times. He looked as if he were smuggling two racquetballs. She placed her finger to the side of one of his balls and told him to turn his head and cough and then repeated it on the other side. Except for cupping his balls and bouncing them up and down first, it all seemed legitimate.

Mindy scooted back in the chair and reached for a glove. She made a big production of pulling the glove onto her hand making sure he saw everything, but her left hand remained bare. She then reached for the lubricant and the color left Hunter's face. "Turn around, spread your legs and rest your elbows on your desk. We're almost finished."

When Hunter turned away Mindy turned to face the camera, slipped a finger into her pussy and pulled it out to show me how wet she was, as if I didn't already know.

When she stood up behind him she moved in very close, put both hands on his ass cheeks and shoved him forward a little. To make it last as long as possible, she rubbed the lube on his ass and slowly inserted a finger almost as if she were fingering herself. While she had her finger in his ass she reached below him and grabbed his diamond hard dick. "I thought this might help you forget what I'm doing," she said laughingly.

"I'm not sure if you're going to need a sperm sample or not, but if you keep that up, you're going to get one," Hunter said as he laughed back.

"Oh, I see you've developed a sense of humor through all this."

"What else could I do?" He asked.

After playing with his ass an extraordinarily long time compared to what a doctor actually does, she pulled her finger out, took the glove off and pitched it into one of her cases. "Now turn back around Hunter. You can lean back on the desk, but you'll need to wait a minute before getting dressed."

Hunter turned around and leaned his bare ass against his desk. His dick stood straight out and looked as if it were about to bust. Mindy scooted the chair back, stepped close to him and squatted down with one knee on the floor and the other foot on the floor parting her legs. Her dress rose to her waist giving Hunter a perfect view. He had a great view of her shaved pussy and a full view down the front of her dress. She took his dick in both hands and started stroking him. She then leaned forward and took the head of his dick into her mouth licking and sucking for about thirty seconds before she backed up a little. "Oh, by the way Hunter, there is something I almost forgot to tell you. Brad told me to tell you happy birthday."

"Fuck, I should have known that," Hunter said laughing his ass off.

"We're not quite finished," Mindy said smiling up at him. She then went back to giving him a very slow and sensual blowjob. She wasn't able to take even half of him into her mouth, but I suppose that's something he's used to. Five minutes into the blowjob she pushed him back onto his desk with his legs still hanging off the edge. Mindy grabbed a tit in each hand and placed his dick between them rubbing her saliva from his dick all over them for about a minute. She stood up, moved him back on his desk, dropped her dress to the floor and climbed on top of him.

The view on my screen was incredible as she held his dick and slowly buried his head in her very wet pussy. It took several minutes of sliding up and down on him, but eventually she took him all the way in. When she rose pulling him out some, it looked like he was turning her inside out. The sight was incredible and it truly didn't appear possible that his dick would actually fit inside her. It only took about ten minutes for him to cum inside her. Mindy came at the same time, but she rode him until he could no longer move. She finally pulled off of him and let him suck her tits for several minutes. The view I had from the back showed a huge amount of cum running out of her and onto his dick. It seemed to be an endless supply. When Mindy sat up, Hunter began to rise up and she said," I'm not quite finished yet." So he lay back down and watched as Mindy licked their juices from his dick. When he was completely clean she took him back into her mouth and eventually sucked him down to the base, something she couldn't manage when he was hard.

When they stood, Hunter asked, "So where is Brad?"

"He's sitting in your reception area watching this on his laptop. By the way, I'm Mindy, not Wendy."

"He's one lucky, undeserving bastard," Hunter said laughing as he walked outside his office to find me.

The smile on his face when he saw me sitting in the reception room was priceless.

He'd made plans that evening with a young woman he recently met so we couldn't get together. I told him it wasn't a problem, we weren't supposed to arrive until Saturday anyway and that we would join him the next evening. Besides I had another surprise planned for Mindy later that night.

Before we left home I'd called Brian, her favorite shoe salesman in Dallas who I felt sure missed her since our move. The little shoe shop he worked at was in a small strip center so a visit just before closing time would be perfect. He knew before we moved that I was aware of Mindy's little flashing game while shoe shopping, but she had never done anything but flash him. Mindy had been going to his shop for about a year and loved his attention and the fact she could embarrass him. He was now nineteen. I'd only seen Brian from a distance and wouldn't recognize him if I ran into him on the street. I gave him an idea of my plans and told him that I wanted to watch them from the back room if possible. He explained he had the perfect place in his storage room and that the room had a full length two way mirror he thought I would enjoy. The mirror sat on a wall in the back facing a small room where he always took Mindy so they could have a little privacy.

When we left Hunter's office we checked in our hotel, showered, and grabbed something to eat. I then told Mindy she was going to pay a little visit to Brian a little before closing time and that he was expecting her. Her face lit up with a huge smile. "So you want me to do a little more than simply flash him?" she questioned.

"Sure, nothing serious, just play around," I suggested. "Whatever you're comfortable with."

When we arrived at the strip center I explained that I was going to check out the sporting goods shops and she should have fun. What I actually did was enter his shop from the back door and hid in the storage room and pulled up a chair directly behind the two way mirror. Every time he showed her shoes in the past he sat her near the door to the storage room out of sight of anyone who may be passing by outside or could see them when they entered the store. It was the perfect spot.

Mindy entered the shop and Brian gave her a smile and a hug. "I've missed you."

She smiled knowing exactly what he meant. 

On our way from dinner to the shop Mindy described a few things she thought she may do with Brian. Primarily she planned on leading him to do exactly what she wanted him to do. I found it a little humorous because Mindy is definitely not the dominate type and has difficulty controlling other people. She thought she could in this situation because of their age difference. I simply told her to take her time and have fun and that she could tell me all about it later.

Brian wore the same thing I'd always seen him wear, khaki pants and a loose fitting shirt. He didn't look much different to me than he usually did from a distance. However, up close he looked like he was twelve and I was glad Mindy knew how old he actually was. One thing I did notice in his short sleeved shirt is that his arms were well defined and it was obvious that he worked out.

Mindy sat in her usual spot except her chair was facing the mirror. Her blue miniskirt with the spaghetti straps didn't leave much to the imagination. Her dress struck her mid thigh and the top looked as if she was smuggling two 45 caliber shells on the top of her tits. Brian brought her out a few pairs of shoes and she immediately began playing with him. She opened her legs a little to give him the perfect view. However, this time Brian didn't try to hide the fact he was looking straight up her dress. 


He cupped her calf with one hand while holding the shoe in the other and forced her to move her legs farther apart. The more Mindy moved in the chair, the farther the dress rode up and she never bothered to move it back down. Soon Brian had her legs opened fairly wide and could tell she was wet. He ran his hands up and down her legs without being the least bit shy about it.

When he slid his hand between her legs and grazed her pussy, she moved his hand and said, "If you want to touch me Brian, it won't be with your hands." I think that was part of her, 'I'm in control' attempt.

Brian placed a hand on each of her thighs and opened her legs wide, smiled and then began to lick her from top to bottom and back. Within one minute Mindy had a surprised and very pleasant look on her face. Evidently in his few years experience he'd become quite an expert at what he was doing. Within another minute he put his fingers in her as he continued to lick her clit and she scooted farther down in the chair to give him better access. He pulled his fingers out, stuck one in her ass and his thumb in her pussy while he mounted his relentless pursuit on her clit. Mindy bucked like crazy and climaxed in no time. Brian stood, faced the mirror and smiled at me with his face covered with her juices.

Without giving Mindy much time to recover he grabbed her hands, stood her up, leaned her back against the wall beside the one I stood behind, pinned her hands above her head and began kissing her. The kiss appeared extremely erotic and although she tried to pull her hands down, he held them in place. He then released her hands, dropped her dress to the floor and went back to kissing her slowly working his way down to her very hard and erect nipples. She began reaching for his crotch and he grabbed her hand preventing her from touching him and smiled at her. Brian held her hand and went back to sucking her nipples. Mindy was squirming and moaning and when it appeared she had reached her peak, Brian took her hand and slid it down the front of his pants. Mindy immediately broke the kiss, pulled her hand from his pants, and looked at him with an extremely shocked facial expression, but she didn't immediately say anything.

I assumed that he must be much larger than Hunter based on her facial expression. That wasn't the case.

"Surprise," Brian said. "I'm Brianna, not Brian."

"Oh my god," Mindy said. "I never had any idea."

"Many women like to flash the shoe salesman, but I doubt many would flash the sales girl. That's why I dress like I do. Does it change anything with us? You seemed to be very excited before and I know I have been extremely turned on."

Without waiting for a response, Brianna grabbed Mindy's shoulders, pressed her back up against the wall and began passionately kissing her again. Almost immediately, Mindy's body language changed back to what it was before her discovery. Brianna slid down her front, kissed her tits and began rotating her mouth back and forth between her nipples. Mindy reached her hand down the front of Brianna's pants and it was obvious to me that she was fingering her. Then in an instant he pulled her from the wall and laid her on her back on the carpet with her feet facing the mirror. He lay on top of her and began kissing her again while shoving two fingers in her very wet pussy. She bucked and squirmed like she did when she thought Brianna was a guy.

I wasn't sure what to think other than the fact that I was excited as hell watching this show. Mindy had never done anything like this before and had never expressed any interest in a woman.

Brianna stood and began to undress as Mindy lay on the floor watching the show. Brianna's legs looked great. They were a little muscular and her pussy was completely shaved. When she took off her shirt I saw a tight wrap that evidently held her tits flat. When the wrap was released Mindy and I both were in awe. Her tits were huge, not as big as Mindy's but a definite C cup. Mindy's legs were spread wide and Brianna climbed between them as they lay tits to tits on the floor. Still unable to believe what I had been watching, I was sure Mindy would not do anything Brianna expected, but of course I was wrong. Brianna slid up Mindy's body and hung her tits over Mindy's mouth. Mindy immediately began kissing them and sucking on her large nipples. Brianna slid up Mindy's body and I knew she had in mind Mindy going down on her. Mindy said, "I've never done that before. I doubt I even know how or could do anything you like."

"Just do to me what you would want done to you."

Mindy opened her mouth in anticipation of Brianna's continued move toward her face and before Brianna reached her target Mindy's tongue was sticking out and ready. Brianna slid up and down on Mindy's face for a couple of minutes. I was sure she was about to climax when Mindy grabbed her ass and turned her over on her back. I watched for the next ten minutes while my wife licked her pussy, sucked on her clit and drove three fingers up her bald pussy. Brianna's ass moved a foot off the floor when she climaxed. Mindy sat up, turned to face the mirror and smiled when she saw Brianna's juices all over her face.

"I've got to get out of here," Mindy said as she began dressing. "My husband's been waiting a while. I'd like to do this again sometime."

Mindy began telling me the entire story the minute she got into the car. I didn't have the heart to tell her I watched the whole show.


