Tarrant’s Room is as warm and bright as it ever has been. She exhales as she allows the feeling of peace and belonging she always feels here to fill her up from the inside out, relishes the sensation as it washes through her being with each breath. She still has not invited him into her Heart... she only hopes that when she extends her invitation, he will feel half as wonderful within her Room as she feels in his. He waits while Alice takes a few moments to settle and center herself, then tugs her further into the room. 

“It’s over here.” 

He takes her to a spot that is very familiar—it has been here since she had first stepped foot into this room, in fact. Gesturing to the empty space, he says, “Just here.” 

Alice blinks, stares, wills whatever it is to appear, but still sees nothing. “There is nothing there, husband,” she says, softly. 

Shoulders hunching, he steps away from her and towards that blank space. “You’ve never been able to see it, but it’s always been here, Alice.” With a hand that shakes, he reaches out, grasps a handful of something that she can not see, and tugs. What is revealed has her gasping, and taking a step closer. 

It is the gingham dress she’d worn the morning of their... while she had been jelly-making with.... the evidence of her betrayal—even unwittingly done—closes her throat, makes regret bring stinging tears to her eyes. 

“I wouldn’t... I didn’t mean to hurt you, Tarrant.” While Alice had been going to say that she would never hurt him, she realizes: that isn’t exactly true, is it? Even if she had not meant to, she already had hurt Tarrant. Quite badly, from the looks of it. She thinks of the so-similar dress form in her own Room, and its presence in her Room finally makes a horrid sort of sense. That is her fear—her Dark Secret: she fears that he will leave her one day, either by choice or circumstance. She fears that she will be alone and adrift once more... her life out of control and at the mercy of others’ whims. Once, Alice might have been able to bear that unbearable circumstance, but now that she has Tarrant... now that he has Shown her the possibilities of what They could be together... Alice needs him too much, now, for the idea of him being gone—for idea of Them not being Alice-and-Tarrant instead of Just Alice and Just Tarrant—to not wrench something inside of her tight. 

Incredulousness splashes itself across his features. “You think...” His fingers flex and unflex, twitch with the need to move. She suspects that he’s holding himself back from re-covering the dress form by sheer force of will. Scrunching his eyes tightly closed, he grits, “I think ye’d best take a closer look, my... Alice.” He stumbles away from her, sinks down into the nearby rocking chair, and hunches his shoulders, looking like a man who is expecting a terrible blow. 

He’s shaking, and her first inclination is to go to him, but instead she listens to him and looks—Really Looks—at the dress on the form. Alice’s eyes had skittered over it at first, as all of her own personal associations with that frock had not inclined her to make a lengthy study of the fruit-juice splattered fabric. Now, though, she blinks, focuses, and Sees what Tarrant had been trying to say. Sees, and then wishes she hadn't. 

Oh dear sweet Underland... 

Taking a step towards the dress, her eyes fix on the ripped, tattered hemline, on the spill of petticoats and the disturbingly accurate set of bloomers... and the dark spotting of something that could not be anything but... 

“Oh, Tarrant...” she whispers. A half turn, and she’s facing him once more. “I wouldn’t... I didn’t! That morning with Sir Geoffrey was all a terrible misunderstanding... I was never interested in him as I am you, I wouldn’t—” It occurs to – like whisper on the wind – that they had discussed this before... Tarrant had seemed so sure that she had not gambled away her virtue rashly as the London Socialites had maliciously accused. But, this...! Surely he cannot think that she had...? 

Her husband begins to chuckle, a low, rumbling sound, that doesn’t reflect amusement in the least. It sounds... pained. 

“Mae Alice,” he sighs, “always seein’ the best, and no’ tha worst. Ye trust tae muchly for yer own gehd, lass.” 

She looks from Tarrant, to the dress form, and back again. 

Ye trust too much... 

He couldn’t possibly think...! 

But it’s clear to Alice, from the way that he sits, the way that his eyes are refusing to meet hers, that he does. So many memories coalesce in her brain, so many small signs and signals that she’d either not seen or willfully ignored. 

The portcullis, the moat, the bridge – the draw bridge! 

That day in his workshop: “ I need ye... ta gae nauw, Alice... please ...” 

His look of utter shock at the words she ’ d said, after they ’ d both found their pleasure together, though individually: “The door wasn’t locked and I’m glad you were there.” 

He doesn’t fear her running off with another man. He fears her being taken advantage of... 

By him . 

*~*~*~* 

Silence wells in his Room as Alice finally Sees, Understands, and Comprehends the depth of his Darkness. 

Tarrant closes his eyes and waits. It is only a matter of time before Alice unfreezes herself, before she leaves him here alone in his crumbling Heart. He can hear the walls begin to shift and grind already—it is an awful sound, the sound of a Heart falling apart, a Heart Breaking. 

Soft footsteps tread on the floor. Tightening his grip on the arms of the rocking chair, Tarrant tells himself he must not go after her. He must let his wife go, must let her leave this place, and never come back. His ears strain themselves for the last sounds of her he will likely ever hear, that of her feet taking her away from him, and towards safety. Towards a place that is safe and a man that does not have such a Dark possibility lurking in his Heart. 

Instead of carrying her away from him, though, it almost sounds like... as if she... 

Has his madness swallowed him so completely? Is he now imagining that she is actually drawing closer to him, rather than away, as she by all rights should be? 

“Tarrant.” 

Clenching his jaw, he scrunches his eyes shut tighter. A rustle of cloth crawls into his ears and a whiff of Alice scent invades his nostrils. He inhales greedily, helplessly. Then a soft hand touches one of his knees, and he starts violently. His eyes pop open. 

Alice is there, crouched beside him, on the floor. It is one of her hands on his knee. When his eyes find hers looking at him, she says, very softly: 

“Tarrant, you would never hurt me.” 

He jerks his head away from her. Her grip tightens on his knee in response. Her voice, when she speaks again, sounds like velvet-encased steel. 

“Look at me, Tarrant.” 

Helplessly, he meets her gaze again. Muchness and determination tighten her features. 

“You... will not... hurt me.” 

Unable to keep his silence any longer, Tarrant rebuts, “You cannot know that, Alice.” 

“I can,” she replies instantly. “I do. I know you , Tarrant Hightopp. Husband. And that dress, on that form? That scenario never happened. Will never happen. Have you forgotten that I’ve felt how much you love me?” 

“No,” he whispers. How could he forget that, when it had been that moment, as she had been feeling his love and desperate need for her, that he had been feeling her almost-blindingly-brightly-pure trust in him? Trust that he is sure he will never fully deserve, not as long as the madness is still a part of him. 

“I have faith in you, Tarrant.” 

Alice rises slowly from her knees. When she’s fully standing, she bends at the waist and, after removing his top hat and setting it aside gently, kisses the top of his curly hair. She then tilts his face upwards, and kisses his forehead, her lips a soft blessing brushing against his skin. 

“I would never forgive myself if I hurt you, Alice. And you can not deny that is a possibility. If my madness were to come over me...” 

“It won’t.” 

“It already has.” 

The admission is painful—so extremely painful! He watches as confusion twitches her nose. But he’d started this: best to finish, and have Alice know just what sort of a man she is married to, before an annulment is no longer a possibility. 

“After seeing you speaking to that... to Sir Geoffrey, in the halls, the day before the Queen wed us... I was so angry, and you’d been so distant—I was so afraid ye’d changed yer mind!—and I was thinking that I should have simply taken ye on that hilltop, that I should have eloped with ye and damn the Rules of Courtship, and...” 

Say it, lad! 

“I don’t even remember opening my trousers, Alice. When the madness... finally let me go, there was just... the evidence. If you’d come into my room then, even just to speak to me, while I was... I don’t know that I wouldn’t have... been able to separate the fantasy from reality.” 

The silence between them is profound. Tarrant hangs his head, shamed. 

“Nonsense.” 

Tarrant jerks his head up at this bold declaration. Alice makes it again. 

“Complete nonsense. Tarrant, that would never happen.” 

“Alice, it’s—” 

She places a single finger over his lips, silencing him. 

“Didn’t you tell me yourself that you’d know me anywhere?” 

He considers this. Yes, he had told her that, hadn’t he? 

“I believed you then. I still believe that. Even if you were overtaken by the madness, Tarrant, I believe you would still know me.” 

Yes, he would know her anywhere, wouldn’t he? Even his madness recognizes her. That’s rather the problem. 

Alice must sense his continued disbelief, because her nostrils flare, her chin tilts upward, and she snorts. “Fine,” she says. Setting her jaw at a stroppy angle, she stomps back towards the dress on the form, and lifts it, stand and all. Tarrant watches, mouth agape, as she wrestles with the awkward bulk, until finally she has it tucked under her right arm. 

“If you’re going to be stubborn about this,” she pants, “then I guess there’s only one thing I can do.” Dragging the form behind her, she flounces (as best as an Alice can flounce while dragging a dress form behind themselves) out of his space. Snapping out of his open-mouthed stupor, Tarrant shakes his head and rushes after her, tripping over his laces and stumbling into the frame of the door that leads to the draw bridge, the corridor, and Alice’s Heart. 

She is across his bridge and pushing open her Door before he reaches her. Hesitating, Tarrant hovers outside the threshold. He’d never been invited inside before, and despite that being his Darkest Secret under her arm... 

“Well?” Alice arches a brow at him in challenge. “Are you coming?” 

He doesn’t need to be invited twice. One blink of his eyes and he’s across the threshold and in her Room for the very first time. 

And he is Welcomed. His breath catches as a warmth that does not come from the cheerful flame burning in the hearth steals over him, wraps itself around him like Alice arms and Alice kisses and strands of windblown Alice hair... He belongs here. Just as – he had explained the first time Alice had entered his Room – she belongs there. Suddenly he feels the sensation for himself of being Inside another’s Heart. How long has he been Welcome here? Does this mean her feelings have Changed? Or has he always been in her Heart? 

The desire to immediately devour all that is before him with his eyes is too great; Alice waits patiently while he looks at the walls, the flooring, the green velveteen chair... and finally to the merrily burning hearth, and the woman standing beside it. Then she methodically begins stripping the form. 

Alice is not careful with the garments. Tarrant winces when he hears fabric rip and tear with her determination. Dropping the dress itself to the ground, she starts on removing the layers of torn and tattered and stained petticoats, and, after removing and dropping those, moves at last to the bloomers. 

Tarrant simply watches as Alice lays the dress form she’d drug from his room bare. When she’s done, Alice bends, gathers up the dress in one hand, and the undergarments in the other. Then, with absolutely no fanfare whatsoever, she shoves the clothing into the hearth. 

Together they watch in silence as the fabric first chars, then smolders, before finally catching and immolating before them. 

Only after what is left of the dress crumbles and falls away to mix with the ashes in her fire grate does either one of them speak. 

“I’ve wanted to do that for quite some time,” Alice says. Shrugging her shoulders as if to shake off the lingering vestiges of the past quarter hour, she continues with, “And now I have something to show you. There is something here in my Room that made no sense at all to me, until I saw... that... in your Room with you.” After gesturing briefly at the merrily burning fire that had just destroyed the physical manifestation of his greatest fear, Alice holds out her hand, inviting him to stand with her. Until that moment, Tarrant hadn’t realized he’d collapsed into the green armchair. He accepts her assistance, and together they walk towards a shadowy, albeit empty, corner of Alice’s room. 

“You... have a dress, as well?” Tarrant guesses, only slightly surprised when Alice clears her throat and nods. 

“Yes. Yes, I do. Just there.” She motions towards the corner, and Tarrant nods. 

“I think you shall have to Uncover it, Alice.” 

He watches as she takes a deep breath, squares her shoulders, and, with the hand not still clinging to his, reaches out, and twitches the sheet back, revealing that which is underneath.