Sweet Little Kelly
bySirDuction©
I married Michelle when I was 21 years old she was only 20. We have bought a little three-bedroom bungalow and we both work and have decided not to start a family too soon, we have been married six years now.

Michelle and I both work locally, her at the supermarket and me at the power station. We have now been very happily married for five years.

I have fitted in well with my in-laws. Michelle's Mother, Irene, is a jolly person, who really enjoys a good laugh and I can always induce stitches of laughter whenever we meet.

Tom, Michelle's father, is also a good sort, he loves his occasional pint of beer and his soccer on TV. I often take him for a pint at the local Boot and Shoe public house; it would be no exaggeration to say he treats me like a son.

Then there is Kelly, Michelle's sister, she was a bridesmaid at our wedding and she was only 12 at the time.

Kelly is always a bundle of laughs, jolly, effervescent, bubbly and she has grown into a beautiful young woman. She has plenty of female friends but to the best of my knowledge no serious boyfriend. I suspect she may have had the occasional date but they couldn't have lasted long. There is no young man that has yet been introduced to the household, put it that way.

Kelly is renowned for her practical joking and often makes me the target of her fun. She has long blonde hair and a fantastic figure, her breasts have developed well, her facial features are small and perfectly proportioned, her eyes are blue, her skin fair. She has nice long legs and her thighs are definitely a major asset to her when she wares anything above the knee.

It may seem strange, after such a description, but I have never looked upon Kelly, now 18, with sexual interest before, but I have known her since she was 9 years old and always seen her more as a younger sister - all that has just changed.

Three days ago, I had arrived home from a nightshift and gone straight to bed. I awoke to the sound of knocking at the front door. I got out of bed; Michelle was at work, I made my way to door still in my pajamas, it was Kelly.

"Still in bed, lazybones?" she joked.

"Oh, come in Kelly," I said still wiping sleep from my eyes. "What do you want now?"

Kelly said "Alan, no need to be like that, I've come for some cream for my strawberries." then brushing past me "Our Shelly says there's some in your fridge I can have," she always refers to her sister as Shelly.

She went straight into the kitchen. "Come on; put the kettle on, sleepy." She ordered.

I went back to the bedroom and got dressed then returned to put the kettle on and Kelly started to wash some pots that had been left in the sink.

It wasn't long before she was acting about, flicking a bit of water at me laughing and giggling as she did so. Then she threw a wet flannel at me that landed on the back of my neck.

I said, "Right lady." picking up the flannel to throw it back as she ran out of the kitchen and into the living room.

I chased her with the flannel in my hand. She got into the living room, had nowhere to go, and flopped on the couch.

I dragged her to the floor and sat on her with my legs either side of her waist, her knees were bent and as I sat on her I felt my backside slip her skirt down her thighs. I knew Kelly's legs were exposed, but could not see them behind me so I was not concerned at this.

I took her hands and pinned them down over her head and said, "Now little Kelly, what are you going to do now?"

I was startled that she only pretended to resist and suddenly I was worried. For the first time I realised she could be intending much more than just playful fun. I experienced a feeling of panic and immediately withdrew and returned to the kitchen nervously laughing. Was I right? She had seemed very submissive or was it my imagination.

I stated to mash the tea and prepare the cups but Kelly was not about to give up. She knew I had become aware of her, not as a young girl but as a young woman.

She came up behind me and nipped the left cheek of my arse saying "What's up then Alan lost your bottle?"

"It's not a matter of bottle Kelly it's ... well you know." I said looking into her eyes. God, she looked gorgeous, any man would just love to get a length of cock right up into her and here I was feeling weak and indecisive. I handed her the cup and said "come on let's go and sit down." We walked into the living room and I sat in the armchair nearest to the television where I normally sit. Kelly sat in the armchair opposite facing me.

"You are very naughty girl Kelly." I said smiling at her across the room but I never took you for a temptress.

"I'm not a temptress." She replied giggling lifting one leg and crossing it over the other giving me a view of her thighs almost up top her panties.

Jesus, I couldn't help thinking, I bet she's got the sweetest, cutest, little cunt any man could wish for and as she flopped right back into the armchair her skirt rode up her thigh. I reached for the remote and turned the television on so that I had somewhere else to focus my attention, dragging my eyes away from her but she was messing with my brain and I couldn't help being drawn back to look at her with her long, blonde hair sweeping down over her shoulders towards her petite, beautifully rounded breasts.

Could I? the thought invaded my mind, What do I mean could I? I was shocked that I had actually begun to entertain the thought -- but I was entertaining the thought. In fact my thoughts, my instincts were taking over. Just watching her move her cup to her lips, take a slip and lower it down again resting it in her lap seemed alluring.

What would it be like, I thought involuntarily, splitting her pussy with a thick length of muscular cock? I bet her little arse can shift like a fiddlers' elbow.

I turned to look at her again just as she raised her cup to her lips and at the same time uncrossing her legs giving me a shot of her gleaming white panties.

My thoughts had now raced well ahead of me and in my imagination could see the shape of a young pussy molded into her panty gusset. In my mind I was already cocking into her twat. I fidgeted in the chair trying to hide my mounting erection. Wrenching myself from this addictive thought I stood up, still trying to hide my erection and made my way back to the kitchen with my empty cup and started to wash it in the sink taking my time.

Again Kelly followed me and standing very close behind me until her knees pressed against the back of my thigh she dropped her cup in the sink which was now full of water then reached around me and with one hand she splashed me with water before turning again to run saying, "That's what cowards get".

"I'll show you what cowards get madam." I said and was quickly on her heals.

This time she ran into our bedroom. I caught her and threw her onto the bed face down. Stripping the pillowcases from the pillows I tied her hands to the bed head.

I said "You can stay there now until I decide to untie you."

"Let me go." she was shouting "Untie me you bastard." I was now at the door on my way back to the kitchen and at this last remark, I turned around. She had now drawn her legs up and was in the kneeling position. Her skirt was short and I could see the backs of her smooth white thighs, her skirt just about hiding her knickers.

"Right" I said "I'll show what a bastard I can be. I am going to fuck that little cunt of yours and cream the fucking thing up. You said you had come for some fucking cream now you can have more than you bargained for"

I threw care to the wind; the time had come to show the young madam what life was all about.

I made my way back over towards her, knelt down behind her I itched her skirt right up over her knickers then taking the elastic in my hands I lowered them right down dragging them off. Spreading myself over her back I bit the back of her neck, which I could reach easily then reached under her taking her tits in my hands. I was oblivious to her groans and moans all I wanted now was a good fuck right up into her twat. 

She pretended to struggle for the second time during our afternoon encounter but at the same time giggling girlishly but this time I was not panicking. I was in control, or was I out of control, I didn't know which but I was about to fuck her and fuck her good.

I felt my prick swell to its full length and heard Kelly gasp at the sound of my zip being dragged down. My cock is a good eight and half inches at its best but its girth is its best quality -- thick and handsome.

"Kelly sweet Kelly," I said through gritted teeth, "Your sister can't get enough of this of this fucking thing and now my lovely you are going to get it right up your cunt and to hell with the consequences." 

Her little arse was perched up, her knees spread out her blonde hair stretched across the pillow she could feel my penis pressing against her pussy lips, my bulbous head splitting them apart to get at her hole. I heard her gasp.

Her childbearing pelvis was exquisitely shaped; her thighs were soft but fulsome and extremely sexy.

The head of my throbbing cock found her tight, little, oval-shaped hole. 

"Keep still my little sweetheart, just keep still."

Once my bulbous head was half an inch into her I rammed home, forcing my shaft all the way into her with one thrust. I was surprised at her sudden yelp of pain, to my shock I realized that I had just ripped through her hymen and taken her fucking cherry. 

"Wow, it's your first time, little girl" I gasped with delight, "Lovely, lovely , lovely, a sweet little virgin."

I started thrusting slowly, allowing her to feel the full length of a cock inside her for the first time. At first, she was stiff and tense and her vagina was tight and unyielding.

I was talking to her all the time.

"Come on Kelly, loosen up for me, that's a good lass." I coaxed. "Just relax while I fuck it for you.

As the entrance to Kelly's cunt became more subtle, soft and wet I increased my thrusts and the length of my stroke. 

Pulling her thigh upwards and looking down I had a perfect view the gorgeous little slit being penetrated by my thick cock.

"Jesus Kelly," I panted breathlessly as she groaned beneath me, "I don't know if you know it but you have a pretty little pussy my lovely." I watched as her tight little twat took cock and each full cock length brought ecstatic groans from somewhere deep inside her.

I set to work on her clitoris. Taking my penis in my right hand, I began to search around the entrance to her cunt until by knob end found it. Massaging it with my prick until it became erect and its owner was breathing, groaning and panting heavily.

Encouraged I massaged it harder and faster and rhythmically. Her breathing was becoming heavier and heavier. She was making it easier for me to access her vagina and get at her clit

"Put it back in again, please, put it back." she said with an urgent voice.

I obliged and gave her the full fuck, pushing the lips of her crack apart with the full girth of my prick I started to thrust deep into this little eighteen-year-old vagina.

I took my time varying every cocking stroke, speeding up then slowing down finding out what pleasured her most.

I reared up so I could watch my thick uncompromising penis entering her vagina. I watched as her labia were pushed out of the way and I could see her buttocks straining for more of me and I was giving it to her in full.

Soon I heard those gasps, moans and grunts that told me she was reaching orgasm, increasing the pace of my ramming stroke, pushing it fully and deeply into her to maintain her pre-orgasmic trance.

Now with my hands on her tits and fully stretched forward across her back, I was tall enough and she was small enough for me to fuck with comfort sinking my entire male extension right up into her with by balls hitting against her pubic bone.

Her back was arched downwards and her arms stretched right out all the way to the bedhead where they were still tied.

I was cocking into her at full thrust as she shoved her cunt back towards me.

"Fuck it Alan, fuck the fucking thing." She was crying out

Her orgasm was mind blowing, I heard the deep guttural groan followed by the quick panting "Oh Alan, Alan, Alan." 

I felt the hotness of her cunt fluids drench my cock with a squirt from deep inside her sweet, cute, little twat.

My height meant that I could easily fuck her with her head just under my chin. "You know what cum is, don't you little Kelly? It's a creamy, hot cum shot." I whispered in her ear.

"Cum? ....Oh, God no,...... sweet Jesus." She cried, partly in trepidation and partly in ecstasy.

She naturally didn't know what to expect but was going for it in a big way, pushing her pussy back against the thrusts of my cock.

"My Spunk, Kelly, it's cumming." I panted, and I could feel my creamy load rising like an avalanche into my cock pipe, stinging exotically and then busting into her soft vaginal passage, I gripped her tightly and let my sperm crash into every part of her body. The sudden heat of my sperm caused her to stiffen but my frantic cocking continued regardless, jacking it into her until the last of my cream was inside her. 

The spunk, normally reserved for her sister had been cocked into Kelly and I slipped the ties from her hands and rolled her over onto her back spreading her legs apart I feasted my eyes on her crack. It looked so lovely, small and beautiful just nestling there between her thighs quite as I had imagined it and as my soft cock regained its steel I again got between her legs and gave her another helping of cock just to make sure that she remembered this fuck for the rest of her life.

At the zenith of my fucking action her little body shook and she squirted another lovely cuntful of juices onto my balls as her screams echoed around the bedroom and once again I felt the muscle behind by sac begin its spasmodic pumping as I spunked her surely. 

We laid there in each other's arms for an hour, before she left with a double helping of cream for her strawberries.

Michelle has not yet found out, and I can only hope she doesn't but part of me hopes to see Kelly again standing at the door wanting some more cream once I have fully stocked up again.
