Liliana

I like sex so much that if I date a boy I like, I say yes to every he says. I figure that by never saying no, sooner or latter he's going to try to have sex with me. That din't happen with this particular boy I had just met in a party. After heavy kissing and tuching, he bluntly ask me if I wanted to have sex. I had never jumped into bed on the first date, but thought it would be exciting to fuck with someone you just met, so I let him seduce me into going with him. We boths knew we were going to have sex, so he asked me if I was willing to do kinky stuff. I asked him what he ment by kinky and said "you know, like getting tied to the bed" I had never done that and just thinking about got me horny. I din't what to sound to eager, but I let him know that I was willing to try it. It was probably going to be arousing and embarrassing at the same time, but decide to go threw with it. The moment we got to he's apartment our clothes came off, laid me on the sofa and began eating out my pussy. He sucked me almost to the verge of orgasm and them stopped short of it. That's when he took me bed and tied me my wrists and ankles to the head boards. The feeling of being bound and spread out in front of him, was the most submisive act I had ever experience. The fact that I put myself in a helpless and volnerable position in witch he had total control of me, made me scared and dripping wet at the same time. He climbed on top of me and fucked my mouths and ended having to swallow must of he sperm. It din't bother me because I had done that before only without the swallowing, but was so hot and horny I actually enjoyed it. Just when I thought I was going to get untied, he blind folded me and left me tied up and heard the front door being shot. I felt like some else had come into the room while I was naked and could see anything. By the breathing and the foot steps, I realice there were more people in the room than just my date. I felt so exposed and humiliated, not even knowing if they were males or females in the room and no choice but to get displayed to who ever they were. Someone began rubbing my clit and every so often a finger slipped inside me, till my pussy juices dripped down the crack of my butt. I felt hands all over me groping me everywhere and the ding dong sound of a camcorder. What ever their plans were, it was all going to be taped weather I liked it or not. I was strapped to that bed sucking dick and getting pussy spread wide and eaten out. I was like a bitch in heat having orgasm after orgasm, and so horny I just did care anymore. I had never had my pussy sucked with a finger up my ass at the same time. Just feeling that finger sliding in and out of my butt and a hot tongue flicking on my clit, gave me the most renching orgasm I ever had. After a couple of hours he pulled of the blind fold and who ever was there had already gone. I din't get untied till I confess that I had enjoyed and wasen't mad about it. The truth was that I must have turned into a slut that night, because it truely was the best sex I ever had and ready to do it again. I guess I went out with him couple of other times and he always had some horny fantasies and I was there to play with him.
