"812 Sycamore Ave," Jack said looking up at the house in front of him. It was a beautiful home. Teal'c had told him a year ago that Daniel had moved. He hadn't expected Daniel to be living in a house. No, that was for people that had normal lives. Teal'c had also told him that Vala had moved in with Daniel. He had been surprised but after thinking about it, he knew he shouldn't be. Daniel was the only one who could handle the woman.

A dog started barking and ran into the front yard had him jumping. Jack recognized the woman from the pictures that had come across his desk. This was Vala. She seemed occupied with the dog and didn't notice Jack for a few minutes. Not until the dog ran to him. Jack bent down to pet the dog.

"May I help you?" Vala asked Jack as she eyed him wearily. Jack was shocked. Did she not recognize him? What did that mean? He knew he was older but he didn't think that he had changed that much.

"I was looking for Daniel," Jack said. Vala seemed shocked for a second then she schooled her features.

"Who are you?" Vala asked. This time she was suspicious.

"An old friend," Jack said. He really didn't want to tell this woman anything at all. No, he was better talking to Daniel. He had much to make up for.

"How did you get this address?" Vala asked. Jack stared at her. She wasn't as anyone had described her. He half expected by now that she would have him half-naked. Maybe she had mellowed out a little with time.

"The SGC," Jack said. Vala's eyes light up in recognition. Then they hardened. Jack had seen that look on Teal'c face before. When Jack had said things to Daniel that Teal'c didn't like. Calling Daniel a fag and a cocksucker had been a few of them.

"Ah yes. Now I know who you are. Major General Jackass. I think that is what My Daniel and Sam call you. Teal'c doesn't refer to you as anything but 'O'Neill' but I am sure he calls you many things in his mind," Vala said. She whistled and the dog ran back to her. She said something to the dog in a language Jack didn't know and the dog ran back into the backyard. "Daniel is at Teal'c's house right now. I'm sure he'll be home in a few hours. Leave a number and I'll have him contact you."

"I'd rather wait. I have nothing better to do," Jack said. Vala gave him a stern look.

"I'd rather you didn't. I don't know you well enough to let you in my house," Vala said.

"It's Daniel's house. And he knows me," Jack said.

"No, its Daniel's and mine. We both bought this house and I have the right to refuse you entry into it," Vala said. She turned and moved back to the backyard. Jack was tempted to follow until he saw the cameras on the side of the house. Security cameras, military issue. They weren't there to make sure someone stayed in. They were there to keep people out. The feed probably went straight to the SGC. Jack got back into his car and drove back to the hotel room he was using until he found a house to move into, hopefully soon. He dialed the number he had for Teal'c and got a switchboard operator at the SGC.

"How may I direct your call?"

"This is Major General O'Neill. Security code 5672842. I would like to be directed to Teal'c's room please," Jack said. The operator transferred him to Walter.

"I'm sorry, General. Teal'c moved out three months ago. Doctor Jackson fought for him. He is a full American citizen. I thought he would have told you," Walter said. Jack sighed. It seemed that Teal'c was keeping many things from him. "I'm sorry, Sir, but he has asked that no one be given his address and phone number."

"Its fine, Walter," Jack said. He hung up. Jack sat back on his bed and thought about it. Teal'c hadn't been as open as he had in the past over these past few years. He'd made a few mistakes on how he handled going to Washington. His cell phone rang interrupting his thoughts. He grabbed it. "O'Neill."

"General, how are you?" Landry asked.

"Just fine, Hank," Jack said.

"Listen, Jack, I heard you were in town. Finding a place to live. You know that Carolyn just moved out of her house. She hasn't put it on the market yet and offered to let you stay there if you want. If you like it she would sell it to you," Landry said.

"Who told you?"

"Colonel Davis. He's the one who delivered to us the news of your retirement," Landry said.

"Us?" Jack asked.

"SG-1 and I," Landry said.

"Who's SG-1?"

"Doctor Jackson, Colonel Carter, Teal'c, and Vala," Landry said.

"Vala?" Jack asked.

"Yes."

"Listen I'll stop by the base later to get the key. Tell Car thanks for me. Right now, I don't even know if I want to live here. I may just go back to my cabin and live," Jack said.

"Give them time, Jack. Colonel Carter had talked about missing you," Landry said.

"I just had Vala call me 'Major General Jackass' to my face, Hank. I don't think that Daniel misses me all that much. Hell, Vala didn't even recognize me. That tells me that there are no pictures of me in his house," Jack said. Like there used to be. Team pictures on Daniel's mantle or his desk. Showing off his family and friends.

"Time, Jack. I'll be leaving at seven. I'll meet you at the entrance," Landry said before hanging up. Jack shut the phone and threw it on the bed. He decided that he would go in a little bit early and see Sam. Maybe talking to her would help him understand the situation.

"Sir, what are you doing here?" Sam asked as she stood up from her desk in her lab.

"I'm house hunting. Thinking of moving back here," Jack said.

"I thought that you would move to the cabin?" Sam asked.

"No, I would rather live here. My friends are here," Jack said. Sam looked at him.

"You have to take that up with Daniel, Sir," Sam said.

"I know that I have to mend a few fences there," Jack said.

"You have two people to get through. Teal'c and Vala. She is very protective of who she calls 'My Daniel' and will do anything for him. Especially after Teal'c told her what you called Daniel, Sir," Sam said. Jack frowned. He wondered why Vala hadn't hit him. He'd handled that the wrong way.

"I thought that Daniel hated her?" Jack asked. Sam pointed at a chair and Jack sat down.

"After the Ori Fleet destroyed ours, Daniel was taken to the lead ship. Where, Tomin, Vala's husband was leading the fight. After the child was born and started leading the followers, Daniel was to be executed," Sam said.

"I read the file, Carter," Jack said.

"I never did find out fully what happened, only what's in the report. All I know is that when they came back to Earth, Vala and Daniel were close. Friends. She stopped with jokes and the advances. She became a very productive member of the SGC, of SG-1. She's knows Ancient as well as Daniel does and of course Goa'uld. Her contacts have helped us find out information. Officially, she is a member of the Archeo/Ling department," Sam said. Jack nodded.

"And why does she live with Daniel?" Jack asked.

"Because he was the only one who could control her," Sam said. Jack nodded. He really needed to talk to Daniel. But alone. Without Vala. "Sir, he should be home right now. He's home every night for supper. Sir, what did you say to him?"

"He told me that he was bi. I took that to mean he wanted sex with me. Memories came to the surface and I just blew up. Trying to get rid of him. I tried to apologize but he wouldn't talk to me," Jack said. Sam nodded.

"Well he's home now," Sam said before turning back to her project. Jack nodded. "Beware Vala. She's a scrappy fighter. Tricky and underhanded."

"Thanks," Jack said before he left.

"Daniel, you had a visitor today," Vala said as Daniel started cleaning up after their dinner. Daniel turned around to look at her. His eyebrow raised in question. "General O'Neill."

"What did he want?" Daniel asked.

"I don't know. He wanted to wait on you to come home but I wouldn't let him. I didn't want him hanging around. He looked sad," Vala said as she started putting away the dry dishes. Daniel didn't answer her he just finished the dishes. Vala was standing at the back deck door when Daniel came up behind her. He handed her a glass of wine and opened the door. He sat down on the deck lounger and pulled her onto his lap. Vala giggled and kissed him. She had been too upset about Jack coming over that she hadn't kissed him when he came home an hour prior.

Vala grabbed both of their wine glasses and set them aside so that they wouldn't fall. Daniel gripped her hips and helped her turn over so that she was facing him with her legs straddling his. Daniel's hands slid under her shirt and caressed her stomach. Vala sighed and deepened the kiss. Her tongue found entrance into Daniel's mouth and he gladly let her do what she wanted. But after only a few minutes, she pulled back.

"Did you love him?" Vala asked. Daniel looked at her for a few seconds before he understood what she meant.

"No. I didn't. I didn't even want him. I just hated lying to him. He was a close friend. I wanted him to like me for who I was. Not whom he thought I was. I wouldn't have done it any different," Daniel said. Vala smiled at him. She leaned forward again.

Jack went around to the back of the house. He heard voices and thought that maybe he could convince Daniel to talk to him.

"…. I just hated lying to him. He was a close friend. I wanted him to like me for who I was. Not whom he thought I was. I wouldn't have done it any different." Jack heard Daniel say. Jack shook his head and waited for one of them to say something. For a long while neither did. So Jack went around the last corner of the house. He froze at the sight that greeted him.

Vala was sitting in Daniel's lap on a lounger chair. Her shirt was open and Daniel looked like he was sucking on one of her nipples. Daniel and Vala's pants were on the ground beside them and Daniel's over shirt was with them. His undershirt was still on him. They looked like they had been in a rush to get to the good part.

Vala was panting and moving slightly up and down. Jack knew that movement. They were having sex in Daniel's open back yard. Jack looked around for the cameras trying not to focus on the two on the deck.

Vala's gasps of pleasure brought Jack's gaze back to the couple. Daniel had moved up to her neck and then again up to kiss her on the mouth. Vala stared moving faster in his lap as she started ripping Daniel's t-shirt off him. Daniel let out a low growl before he sat up fully in the chair. He continued moving until Vala was under him and he was thrusting at the same slow pace Vala had been doing when Jack had first saw them.

"Slow," Daniel said into her ear before he claimed her mouth again. Vala's hands couldn't stop moving. One was tangled in Daniel's hair and the other was moving up and down his back. Sometimes scratching, making Daniel arch his back.

"Daniel, Daniel, My Daniel." Vala kept on saying over and over again. Finally, Daniel started moving faster. Vala's legs wrapped around Daniel's back and anchored her to him.

Jack knew the instant that Daniel came. He slumped forward and his breathing hitched. Vala moaned long and loudly when she orgasmed. Jack heard the sobs before Vala did. He wanted to rush over but stopped himself. It wasn't his job anymore.

Vala rolled them both over in the chair and kissed away the tears. After a few minutes, Daniel settled. His breathing evened out and he was asleep.

"My husband, I always thought that because of being a host that none could hurt as much as me," Vala said as she brushed the hair from his forehead. "My heart breaks every time I hear of another hurt from your past. But you are strong. Stronger than I and stronger than most. I meant it the day I took you as my husband. I'll stand beside you forever. Protecting you, because you need it."

Jack swallowed the lump in his throat and left Daniel's house. When he got back to the hotel, he packed up his suitcase. His team didn't need him anymore. They hadn't since Mitchell had taken over. And when Mitchell died in the fight against the Ori, Vala had taken over. SG-1 didn't have a leader. It had four of them.

Jack wrote a letter to Daniel and dropped it off at the mountain before he left the next morning. He told Hank that he was going to be at the cabin for the foreseeable future. Hank had nodded and let him go. But Jack had one question to ask him.

"Vala and Daniel, why is she living with him?" Jack had asked.

"They got married six months ago," Hank had said.

Daniel didn't need him anymore. Jack hadn't been the rock in his life since he had come back years ago.