DELIVERANCE

A dark and sadistic tale set in England during the Second World War

Written by Dickins 

This story is a work of erotic fiction. All names, characters, places and 
incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used 
here fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Story Codes: ped and bdsm

Chapter 4, Brenda Walters

Brenda groaned with frustration as she realised there wasn't enough time 
to bring herself to orgasm. With a sigh she dragged her fingers away from 
her aching cunt, licking the wetness and enjoying the taste of her 
juices, a reward at least for having tried.

The other girls were already standing naked at the ends of their beds and 
she scurried to join them, her slowness catching the attention of Miss 
Baker who had just entered the dormitory. 

Going straight over to Brenda instead of walking down the line as she 
usually did, Miss Baker smiled as she placed her fingers between the 
girl's widely parted thighs, and just as she thought, found signs of the 
little tart's recent attempts at self-abuse.

"Have you been masturbating?" Miss Baker asked curtly, bringing her 
fingers up to nose and inhaling the scent.

"Yes Miss," Brenda answered, lowering her head with embarrassment.

"Did you have an orgasm?" she probed.

"No Miss!" Brenda answered, her breath quickening.

"Well! Perhaps you should have one now," she suggested, a wicked grin on 
her face. "Lay on your bed on your back, and then bring your knees up 
against your chest," she ordered. Brenda groaned and twisted, both from 
her embarrassment and from her sheer wanton desire for release. 

"Gather around girls! Brenda is going to have an orgasm," Miss Baker 
announced, smiling as she imagined what the boys next door would be 
thinking as they heard her announcement. 

Grinning and giggling with excitement the girl's surrounded her bed, and 
enjoyed Brenda's embarrassment as the position she had been told to adopt 
completely exposed her cunt and anus. 

"Now! Masturbate!" Miss Baker ordered, her arms folded and her eyes 
threatening the girl with more than a spanking, if she didn't obey.

Brenda stared at her excited audience and licked her lips. Despite all 
the eyes watching, there was a wicked burning in her cunt that she 
desperately needed to quell. 

Where were her nervousness and her fright now, she wondered, slipping her 
fingers slowly down to her aching cunt?
 
As she massaged the resilient flesh around the hood of her clitoris, 
Brenda's breath quickened and she closed her eyes trying to imagine being 
examined by the Ackerman's, as part of their medical research.
 
Brenda's fingers pulled and pinched at her clitoris, as she imagined 
delicate medical instruments, both large and painful, being used on her. 
Without warning her orgasm burst within her, sharp and powerful, quick 
and short, the sensation making her arch and gasp, her fingers pressed to 
her clitoris as she shook with wanton pleasure.

"Stop!" Miss Baker said, watching as Brenda collapsed on her bed with 
exhaustion. 

"Right! Everyone to the bathroom, and hurry, the last one out will be 
whipped," she warned.

The first girls to enter set about greasing the enema nozzles whilst the 
stragglers took up their positions, bent over the rail with their thighs 
wide apart and their hands holding their bottoms cheeks open.

Biting their lips, the recipients tried to relax as the nozzles were 
slipped deep into their anuses and the water turned full on. Squeals, 
gasps and cries filled the bathroom as Miss Baker walked amongst them 
inspecting their efforts, and enjoying the spectacle. 

Having received their enemas, they hurried over to the toilets where 
their training had removed all their coyness and they squatted openly to 
empty themselves. 

Then it was into the showers, where Miss Baker insisted that they use the 
pepper and sandalwood soap to scrub each other clean, especially their 
bottoms which held a particularly fascination for her. 

Miss Baker took special delight in watching as the girl's knelt down 
behind each other, their faces screwed up in concentration as they used 
one soapy finger then two, to make ensure their partner's anus met with 
her high standards of hygiene.

It came as no surprise to Miss Baker to find that it was the little tart 
Brenda Walters who was last out, purposely taking longer than Hannah 
Johnson, who had a similar submissive nature. 

"Brenda Walters! Come with me, and be quick about it or you will miss 
your breakfast," Miss Baker ordered, marching the little girl out of the 
bathroom to her private quarters.

"Yes Miss," Brenda murmured, her breath quickening as she imagined what 
the woman might do to her.

Brenda felt the same rush of excitement that she always felt when she was 
taken to her mistress's private quarters. Sometimes, she dreamt she was 
alone in her mistress's bedroom, as she went from one thing to another, 
rubbing the juices from her cunt over everything that her mistress would 
touch.

When they arrived, Miss Baker pushed the girl into to her bedroom locking 
the door and closing the heavy drapes, which helped to make the room 
soundproof.

"Undress!" she ordered.

Brenda did as she was told, and bent over the end of Miss Baker's bed as 
she had been taught, with her thighs apart and her head cradled in her 
arms, biting her lip in anticipation. 

Standing behind the child, Miss Baker was able to see how swollen her 
cunt had become, as it nestled invitingly below her bottom, a bottom that 
she enjoyed whipping.

"You are such a little tart!" Miss Baker teased.

Opening her bedside drawer she retrieved a whip, a well-used martinet 
whip that had a heavily stained handle, a consequence of its use late at 
night, when no child was available to quell her passions. 

Drawing her arm back, she whipped the martinet down hard across the 
girl's bottom, watching with a tinge of pleasure as the girl sucked in 
her breath and shook.

"So! You enjoy being punished, do you?" Miss Baker teased.

"Oh! Yes Miss," Brenda answered, closing her eyes and whimpering as a 
flare of pain swept through her bottom. With her pleasure soaring she 
thrust her bottom out for the next stroke, battling with the pain and the 
urge to feel that lovely pleasure again.

Miss Baker brought the martinet down for a third time, then a forth 
before roughly caressing the girl's cunt, and marvelling at the hot 
wetness of the child's arousal.

"You are to orgasm on the sixth stroke! Do you understand?" Miss Baker 
said, her voice full of her excitement.

"Yes Miss," she panted, her passion doubling as she realised her mistress 
wanted to watch her orgasm again. 

Planting her feet firmly on the rug, she bent further over to help 
separate her bottom cheeks and allow the cool morning air to soothe her 
inflamed cunt. 

Before she was ready, another fierce stroke landed on her tortured little 
bottom, making her scream as the pain surged. Then, without warning, it 
changed to pleasure, her cunt filling her with wetness and heat. 

As the pain receded she groaned, wanting more. It came with another surge 
of pain, a surge of heat, and a surge of pleasant sensations diving 
through her heated loins. 

Brenda shook with all her efforts to stop herself from pinching her 
clitoris, a sure way to have brought her crisis to an end. Instead, 
leaning back, she whimpered and waited, dying for the sixth stroke.

It came, and her orgasm with it, a glorious orgasm that went on and on, 
sustained by the fierce heat invading her, by the tenderness of her 
bruised bottom, and the knowledge that her mistress had enjoyed watching 
her ordeal.
 
"Good girl! Now get dressed and go down to breakfast," Miss Baker told 
her.

******

At breakfast, Brenda sat with the other girl's and told them about what 
had happened; exaggerating her ordeal in the mistaken belief that it 
would gain their respect. 

They gasped in awe as they listened, their faces flushed as Brenda 
relived every detail of her cruel ordeal and watched as her bottom 
squirmed painfully on the hard bench, until Miss Baker arrived and 
interrupted her sorry little tale.

"Now listen carefully!" Miss Baker said, clapping her hands to get their 
attention. "You are to go straight to the following places," she told 
them. 

Brenda groaned as she realised that she had been told to go to the walled 
garden, yet again. Following the others to the garden, they found a stern 
faced Miss Reed waiting impatiently. 

Gathering them around her, Miss Reed assigned them various gardening 
jobs, pairing up boys with girls. She had found that this brought the 
most interesting reactions, especially as the girls skirts were short and 
the boys shorts were tight. 

"Brenda and William! You will be weeding together this morning," Miss 
Reed told them. 

William had taken her fancy ever since she saw him on the train and now 
seeing the handsome boy with a large bulge in his shorts, only made her 
more interested.

As they weeded, Brenda, who was wearing Miss Reed's regulation outfit of 
a short skirt without underwear chose to crouch rather than kneel teasing 
him with occasional glimpses of her naked charms. 

The game must have been going on for over an hour when she decided to 
give him a real eyeful. She waited until she thought that no one else was 
watching, and then lifted her skirt to let him have a really long look. 

She continued to tease William like this until he complained that his 
shorts were becoming painfully tight, and then continued to weed as if 
nothing had happened.

"Now! It's your turn," she told him.

"I don't think so!" an adult voice said, from behind. 

With a gasp, Brenda swung round to find Miss Reed standing there, a stern 
look on her face and her hands on her hips.

"You are nothing but a little tart, Brenda Williams!" Miss Reed told her, 
with a sly smile. 

"It's about time you were taught not to be such a tease," Miss Reed told 
her, as she scribbled a note. "Take this note to my husband, Mr Reed at 
the estate garage. You know who he is, don't you girl?" she asked.  

"Oh please Miss! I was only messing about," Brenda whined, her heart 
starting to miss a beat as she took the note.
 
"Go on! What are you waiting for?" Miss Reed asked her sternly. 
Brenda's stomach felt as if it was full of butterflies as she neared the 
garage, which was normally off-limits. The children sent by Miss Reed to 
her husband always returned pale-faced, and would refuse to talk about 
what had happened.
 
Her feelings grew even stronger as she entered the courtyard and saw Mr 
Reed standing beside one of the many estate cars, wiping oil from his 
large and very strong hands.

Mister Simon was there too, laughing light-heartedly. Both men had broad 
smiles on their faces as Brenda nervously handed the note to Miss Reed's 
husband.

"Well, well, what have we here Charlie?" Simon asked as he watched 
Charlie read the note.

"Apparently! This is Brenda Williams, and she was caught exposing herself 
to a boy. My wife has sent her to me, so that she can be taught a very 
special lesson," he told Simon, with a sly smile.   

"Would you like to lend a hand Sir?" Charlie asked politely.

"Oh yes! I would be delighted," Simon chuckled.

"Now then! I understand from Miss Reed, that she caught you exposing 
yourself to a boy. Is that true?" he asked. 

"Yes Sir! But I was only teasing him," Brenda answered.

"That's no excuse! Mr Reed said, marching the girl into the garage 
followed by Master Simon, and sliding the heavy wooden doors shut.

"Are you going to spank me, Sir?" she asked, swooning as she thought of 
the pain his strong hands would inflict on her little bottom. The very 
thought making her want to fiercely touch herself right there and then.

"I might!" Mr Reed said, looking at her again and seeing the flush to her 
face and the large dilation of her eyes. "But something tells me that you 
would enjoy being spanked," he argued.

"But Sir! That's no reason for not doing it though, is it?" Brenda 
argued, a blush adding to the heat of her face.

"Somehow! I don't think that spanking your little bottom is going to 
teach you not to tease the boys," he told her.

"It might, if you did it right," she told him with a teasing grin, eager 
to feel those hands on her little bottom and feeling certain that she 
would orgasm, just under his stern gaze.

"Are you always this impertinent girl?" Simon asked.

"My parents taught me to stand up for myself, Sir," she answered.

"Do you know what this is, Brenda?" Mr Reed asked her, pointing to a 
strange piece of equipment that looked like it had two metal wheels, one 
over the other, encased in leather and metal and with a little box 
between the two from which something like the end of a telescope 
protruded.

Brenda shook her head.

"It's a movie camera," Mr Reed explained. "Master Simon has brought it 
for me to try out. Perhaps we could use it to film your special lesson," 
he suggested.

Brenda gulped, her body shaking with the violent storm that suddenly 
raged within. Nodding and licking her lips, she swooned at the very 
thought of her ordeal being filmed, so that all her suffering could be 
watched time and time again.

"Who will see it?" Brenda asked, excitedly.

"Never you mind! Just do as you are told or that spanking will turn into 
a whipping," Simon urged.

"Undress!" Mr Reed ordered.

"What everything?" she gasped, that swooning feeling she felt earlier 
starting to return.

"You may keep your socks and shoes on, but be quick, I don't take kindly 
to tardiness," Mr Reed warned. 

Brenda blushed and quickly removed the little clothing that she had on, 
her heart hammering, more with dread than with excitement as she tried to 
imagine what was meant by a special lesson.

Once she was naked, she shook under their stares, her arms shaking as she 
fought against the urge to cover herself. She whimpered as their eyes 
bore into the prominent hill of her pubis and jerked as if stung when 
Master Simon started to fondle her bottom, his chuckle making her blush 
all the brighter.

"What are you going to do?" she whimpered.

"Well let's see!" Charlie murmured to himself.

"What about making her play the game of Sizes?" Simon suggested. "It 
would look marvellous on film," he said with a sly smile, which made 
Brenda shake all the more.

Charlie grinned and went to fetch the game from the storeroom leaving 
Simon to lick his lips and stare at the child's nakedness. Brenda had 
heard many a tale of Master Simon's sadistic nature and his eagerness for 
her to play this game frightened her.

"Will it be hurt!" she whimpered.

"That depends! Of course, if you don't play the game properly, you will 
be punished even more," Master Simon warned her. 

Simon picked up a bamboo cane that Charlie had left lying around the 
garage and flicked it through the air to hear it's whistle, grinning at 
the girl's face went deathly pale.

"Ever had your breasts caned?" Simon asked, teasingly.

Brenda could imagine the intense pain that the cane would cause, and this 
time there was no tingle in her cunt, just cold dread. She shook her head 
and felt dizzy when he chuckled.

Charlie soon returned carrying a bench that he placed on the floor in 
front of the camera. Standing at waist height, the bench was made of 
solid wood and had movable stirrups attached.

Brenda looked nervously at the bench, and licked her lips as she saw the 
four wooden cocks at an equal distance from each other, each one just a 
little longer, each one just a bit thicker, than the last.

"Listen! The game is simple enough," Mr Reed, told her, as he applied 
grease to the smooth wooden surfaces. "You sit astride the four cocks in 
turn, with them either in your cunt or anus, we don't mind which, and 
then ride them as hard as you can, until you orgasm," he grinned. 

"Simple enough, isn't it?" he asked her.

"Do I have to ride all four of them?" she asked nervously, staring wide-
eyed at the largest one.

"Of course!" Master Simon replied. 

"Oh yes! I forgot to mention, if you don't ride them hard enough, you 
will be whipped," Mr Reed, told her, retrieving the riding crop that was 
used with the game from under the bench. 

Flexing it and then swishing it through the air, they both smiled as 
Brenda looked nervously at it, her face even paler as her swooning 
started to be replaced with sheer terror. 

"Let's begin!" Simon said impatiently.

Brenda, her breath short as Mr Reed helped her to mount the bench and 
place her feet in the stirrups, carefully positioned her little cunt over 
the smallest cock. A gasp escaped her as she settled down on it and 
filled herself.

"Ride!" Mr Reed, ordered, flicking her bottom with the crop.

Brenda's breath caught as she settled into a steady rhythm. Pleasure soon 
overcame the pain of the crop and her eyes began to flutter as she 
started to ride with a purpose.

"You can do better than that girl!" Master Simon told her, flicking his 
cane across her bottom.

"Yes!" Charlie spat. His crop searing into her bottom making her cry out 
and squirm. Her squirming brought her new pleasure as she learnt to lean 
forward as she rode.

"Faster!" Simon called, his cane taking her breath away. Arching her 
back, Brenda used the stirrups to help her ride faster. 

Suddenly she was coming, squealing with the turmoil erupting inside her. 
Squealing and gripping the bench tightly, she worked her loins in an 
effort to extend the sudden sharp explosion of pleasure within her.

The men laughed as they helped pull Brenda from the smallest cock and 
placed her above the next, adjusting the stirrups.

"Now this one!" Mr Reed said, flicking the crop across the underside of 
her thigh, the sudden explosion of pain helping to encourage her to get 
into position.

"Quickly!" he warned.

Sobbing, Brenda held her labia apart to ease the entry of the wooden cock 
into her overheated cunt, and then sank, a longer descent this time, and 
one that had her groaning with the tingling stretching it produced inside 
her. 

"That's it! Now lean forward and stick your bottom out," Master Simon 
ordered her.

"Oh, no, please don't whip me," Brenda sobbed, doing as she was told and 
starting to increase her pace. 

Both men grinned adjusting their trousers in an effort to find a more 
comfortable position for their painful erections.

Her thighs spread by the bench, Brenda panted in her efforts to obey her 
instructions; pumping her haunches up and down, riding the cock like it 
were a piston while leaning forward as she had been told so her bottom 
was accessible, yet all the while hunting for her climax.

Whimpering and sobbing, her breath hurting and her body beginning to 
gleam with sweat, she fought to continue the quick movement and not slow 
down.

Charlie walked over to check the movie camera, and then returned to give 
Brenda's lovely bottom another stroke of his crop to encourage her 
efforts.

"Perhaps! We should both use canes now, as they mark her better," Simon 
suggested.

"Good idea!" Charlie said, putting down his crop and picking up a long 
thin cane that had been discarded on the garage floor.  

Brenda wailed when she heard the suggestion, blindly fucking herself, and 
quickening her pace in an attempt to spend again. Her eyes were wide open 
as she pushed down on the bench and screamed with delight as yet another 
orgasm flooded over the hard and unforgiving cock.

Grinning with delight, the men drew her to the third and stood back to 
watch as she adjusted the stirrups and slowly descended on to the much 
longer and much thicker cock.

Brenda drooled as, mechanically; she rose and descended on the third 
wooden cock, the canes landing simultaneously across the tops of her 
thighs, as she whimpered and leant forward offering up her bottom for 
their sadistic enjoyment.

"Faster!" Charlie told her, whipping his cane hard across her bottom. 

The pain sweeping through her bottom made her scream, and forced her to 
try to ride faster, but she was exhausted. 

"Stop! It's obvious that your cunt is tiring, so why not insert the cock 
into your anus instead," Simon suggested. 

Brenda gulped and stared at Master Simon as she tried to comprehend his 
suggestion.

"Well! What are you waiting for girl?" Mr Reed asked, bringing his cane 
down hard across her bottom again.

With a squeal, Brenda rose from the cock and inched herself forward, her 
breath coming in pants as she imagined the damage that the large cock 
would do to her anus.

Charlie's large hand landed on her shoulder, pushing her down where she 
was too afraid to go, until the cock pried her anal ring apart.

Sliding his hand to one of her breasts, he pinched her nipple to make her 
squeal, and her struggling forced her rectum to slide down fully onto the 
cock.

"Now ride!" he told her, his voice holding a dire threat.

Gulping and panting, always short of breath, Brenda turned to stare 
directly into the camera's lens, slowly rising, and then, feeling herself 
emptied of its unforgiving girth, sliding down, once again filling 
herself with the most indescribable, yet thrilling feelings.

"I think that she likes it!" Charlie murmured, the cane held ready but 
unnecessary as Brenda, eyes wide but unfocused, slid her anus up and down 
the wooden cock, loud cries of pleasure escaping her as she descended, 
her panting breath loud as she rose.

"What a dirty little tart!" Simon laughed.

Brenda gazed up at him in love, imagining him kicking her and beating 
her, calling her names and treating her like dirt. 

Her third orgasm swelled within her, growing like a balloon before 
finally bursting, carrying her away for a few moments of bliss while she 
sat erect on the cock.

Still senseless, Brenda was only dimly aware of being lifted from the 
third pole and whimpering at the empty feeling in her bowels. With an arm 
and a thigh each, the men moved her to the final cock and watched with 
bated breath, as she obediently placed her feet in the stirrups again.

The last wooden cock was huge compared with the others, but Brenda was 
oblivious to its size, and stared at it in what could only be called a 
daze. 

Yet, with a little pressure from Charlie and Simon, her puffy labia 
parted, and her well-lubricated cunt sunk to its hilt. Brenda sobbed with 
the new pressure in her cunt and her eyes and mouth widened as her weight 
forced her to sit more fully on the cock. Words were lost with her 
breath, as she sat erect and then slowly descended.

For a few long moments they were both enthralled. 

Then, remembering the game they were playing, Simon lifted his cane and 
delivered a wicked cut to her inner thigh.

"Ride!" he said in mock anger.

With a wail and a jerk that was limited by the long cock that now 
skewered her young body, Brenda pulled her body upwards, her face 
reflecting the sensation of having her cervix closing over the head of 
the cock, then her stretched cunt returning to normal size, only to then 
have to stretch all over again as, reaching the mouth to her cunt, she 
sobbed and sank down upon it again.

"Faster!" Mr Reed, told her.

Brenda whimpered as, unable to move, she could only sit there, held in 
place by the cock, while the man went around her, and delivered several 
searing strokes with their canes, across her bruised little bottom. 

Her screams were torn from her, the pain pouring over all the sharp 
pleasure her struggling was causing in her cunt.

"Ride!" they chorused.

With a loud whimper, she fucked herself again, the effort making her pant 
and shake.

Brenda began to feel some pleasure through it all. Quivering on the tip 
of the cock, waiting for the next stroke of the cane, the quiver would 
bring excitement soaring into her wanton cunt where it would compete with 
the pain in her bottom, and sweep, mingling, through her young body. 

As it rose, engulfing her in intense sensations that were no longer pain 
or pleasure, she would drive her body down on the massive cock, screaming 
with the thickness and the length of it.

Once more it thrust its head through the roof of her vagina, pushing open 
her cervix, and the swift spiral of sensation was the switch she needed, 
bringing her to her fourth climatic orgasm, engulfing her in hot, intense 
pleasure that the camera recorded for everyone to watch time and time 
again.

******

The men had left her to recover from her ordeal and she had fallen asleep 
overcome with exhaustion. Brenda finally awoke, startled and worried that 
being late back to the Priory would get her into yet more trouble.

Cautiously, before moving, she looked down at herself, relieved to see 
that although her cunt and anus were sore no real harm had been done to 
them, and hurried back to the Priory.

Miss Baker saw her and frowned, not only at her lateness but also at the 
state she was in.

"You're late!" Miss Baker said.  

"Please, Miss! I was sent by Miss Reed to the garage to be taught a 
special lesson, and I fell asleep when Mr Reed and Master Simon had 
finished, and I have only just woken up," Brenda quickly told her.

"Yes! Miss Reed told me that she caught you exposing yourself to 
William," Miss Baker explained.  

"Please! I was only teasing him Miss," Brenda pleaded.

"That's no excuse! Come with me," Miss Baker said, marching the poor 
child to her private quarters, for a second time that day. 

Once they were inside, Miss Baker took the precaution of locking the door 
and drawing all the drapes.

"Undress!" the teacher ordered.

Brenda did as she was told and stood naked as her mistress looked on 
excitingly, making her wince by roughly caressing her bruised bottom and 
thighs.
 
"What did they use on your bottom and thighs?" she asked.

"Two canes and a riding crop, Miss," Brenda, replied wincing from her 
mistress's rough caresses.

"I see! And what did they use to make these so angry and sore?" she 
asked, inserting her fingers into the girl's cunt and anus, to gauge what 
damage my have been done, and to make her scream.

"They made me play a game called 'The game of Sizes' and they filmed me 
sitting astride a long wooden bench and forced me to ride the four 
different sized cocks until I had an orgasm. It was terrible and they 
would whip my bottom and thighs if I didn't ride fast enough," Brenda 
explained, her face burning with embarrassment.

"So! They filmed you did they?" Miss Baker asked excitedly, making a 
mental note of watching the child's special lesson when she was next up 
at the Grange.  

"Yes Miss!" Brenda answered meekly.

"So! No doubt you would like some soothing salve then?" Miss Baker 
suggested.

"Oh! Yes please Miss," Brenda answered, excited at the prospect.

"Come over here!" Miss Baker ordered.

Brenda walked over to where Miss Baker was standing only to find that she 
made her stand in front of a chair, instead of lying down on the bed as 
she had expected.

"Please, Miss," she mumbled, unsure that she could take any further 
abuse. Still sore and tired, all she wanted now was to lie down on her 
mistress's bed and have a soothing salve rubbed into her skin.

"Brenda! I promised you some salve, and that is just what you are going 
to get," Miss Baker told her, pushing her forward so that her thighs were 
up against the chair.

"Now! Open your thighs," she ordered.

Brenda did as she was told but found that the more she opened her thighs 
the more her cunt and anus hurt.

"Wider!" Miss Baker shouted, re-enforcing her order by spanking her 
already tortured little bottom.

Kneeling, Miss Baker tied Brenda's slender calves to the chairs front 
legs, and then stood to draw her upper body forward. Brenda began to weep 
as her arms were taken and tied securely to the uprights, and a blindfold 
slipped over her eyes. 

A sudden knock at the door made Brenda panic with fear.
 
Unable to see because of the blindfold all she could do was to listen as 
Miss Baker opened the door and invited her guest in.

"Come in William," Miss Baker said.

"What's happening, Miss?" Brenda asked, starting to cry softly.

The boy stared excitedly at the marks on Brenda's bottom and thighs, and 
her sore and angry looking cunt and anus peeking obscenely from between 
her trembling thighs.

"As you know William! Brenda was sent to Mr Reed for a special lesson 
today. Not only were her bottom and thighs whipped, but her cunt and anus 
were stretched by four different sized wooden cocks," Miss Baker said, 
her fingers pulling the girl's sore flesh roughly apart, so he could get 
a better look.

"What she needs now! Is some soothing salve, and there is no more 
soothing a salve than a young boy's sperm," she argued. 

Brenda, unable to see or move, could only think of all the pain that his 
cock was going to cause her, especially as she already knew how well 
endowed he was, having brushed against him accidentally on the train. 

Unable to do anything about it, she begged Miss Baker to stop him, 
becoming almost hysterical.

"Undress!" Miss Baker told the boy. 

William did as he was told, and then stepped up behind Brenda.

"Now! Fuck her," she ordered.

Holding her bottom cheeks almost reverently, he pushed deep into her 
cunt, gasping with the effort, as her tightness gripped his rampant cock.

"Is that good?" Miss Baker asked dryly, as if he would know what was good 
from what was adequate at his age.

"Oh yes Miss!" William groaned.

William's fucking soon caused the chair to shuffle forward as Brenda 
struggled, her cunt swelling and throbbing as William settled into a 
steady rhythm. She groaned, as the first tingles of pleasure started 
building within her. 

Thrust after thrust increased her pleasure and she was soon panting and 
groaning, not wanting him to come. But with a cry he was there, thrusting 
hard but not hard enough for her, and inundating her with his soothing 
salve and bringing her to another orgasm.

"Now Brenda! No more teasing, or you will get more of the same, do you 
understand?" Miss Baker warned.

"Yes Miss," she replied, with a mischievous smile.

Brenda thought that she was in heaven, and that it was just another 
wonderful day in the life of a girl at Birchwood Grange.

