Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


	
Chapter Seven

	Kathy got up slowly and walked toward the house. As she walked down the hall to her father's room, she tried to figure out just what had made him so angry. He hardly ever sounded that way, especially with her. She was his favorite. So what could she have possibly done that would have made him speak to her like that?

	As she knocked on her father's bedroom door, Kathy realized that there was something about his attitude that had excited her, too. She didn't understand and why, but she knew that her pussy had begun to drool.

	"Come in, Kathy," he thundered, yanking the door open.

	The look on his face made Kathy feel more frightened and more excited, than she had ever felt before. His expression was one of pure, undisguised rage; his face was flushed and contorted as he glared hard at her, his eyes hot with anger.

	He slammed the door shut behind her and shoved her clear across the room so that she landed on his bed.

	"You whore!" he shouted.

	Kathy was really shocked now. And totally confused. "What do you mean, Daddy?"

	"I found out something about you today, Kathy, something that really shocked and disgusted me!"

	Kathy gasped. My God! Had he found out about her and Aunt June? "What is it, Daddy? What did you find out?" she asked, hoping she was wrong.

	"Can't you guess?" he snapped.

	Kathy took a deep breath. She might as well face up to it. "You . . . you mean about me and . . . and Aunt June?"

	Now it was Jerry's turn to be confused. What the hell was she talking about? "What about you and Aunt June?"

	"What? Oh, uh, nothing. What was it you found out about me, Daddy?" Kathy asked, relaxing, sure now that it couldn't be so terrible, as long as it wasn't about her and Aunt June fucking each other.

	"It was about you and Tony fucking!" Kathy's hand flew to her mouth. 

       "Oh! You know about that?" 
       
       "Yes, I know about that, you slut!" 
       
       "daddy, please dont talk to me like that!" 
       
       "Why shouldn't I? That's what you are! Hell, Kathy, you're still just a little kid and you fucked your own brother! That makes you a two-bit whore in my book!"

	Jerry walked toward Kathy, who was shrinking back on his bed, as though trying to make herself disappear. He raised his hand and viciously slapped his young sexy daughter, leaving his hand print on her firm white flesh.

	"No, Daddy! No! That hurts!" Kathy was crying hard now. She twisted around on the bed, trying to escape her father's anger.

	Jerry continued to slap her, thinking how strange it was that, even though he had started off by pretending, he really felt rage toward her now. He remembered reading an article about actors who act angry for a certain role by pretending and then, as they get into it, they really begin to feel the anger. That must be what's happening to me, Jerry thought. Whatever it was, he had to admit that he was enjoying himself. He had never thought he would so enjoy hitting his own daughter. But there was an undeniable satisfaction in striking her and watching her cower away from him. It made him feel powerful, manly.

	He suddenly reached down and tore her bikini top off and threw it to the floor. Kathy gasped and jumped up off the bed, her huge heaving tits completely naked to her father's lust-filled eyes.

	Jerry gestured toward his daughter's gigantic tits. "No wonder Tony tempted you! With tits like that, you're just asking for it! What did you do? Take your top off and beg him to fuck you?"

	No, no, Daddy! It wasn't like that!" Kathy answered, trying not to look at her father's face, which was filled with rage- and something else she couldn't define.

	For some reason Kathy didn't understand, her father's behavior, violent and unfair though it was, was turning her on powerfully and she began to have a fantasy of him raping her. Of course, he never would. But now she wished he would. He was acting so masculine and masterful. She loved it! And, of course, if he raped her, she wouldn't have to feel guilty about enjoying her father fucking her!

	Jerry reached out and grabbed her huge tits, one in each hand. He painfully squeezed the nipples, feeling them harden instantly and he dug his strong, rough fingers into the sensitive titflesh.

	"Owwwwww! That hurts, Daddy!" Kathy protested. It did hurt, but it made her hotter than ever. God, how she longed to fuck her daddy!

	"Good! Serves you right. You common slut!" Jerry roared, bending his neck and biting savagely into her nipples, first one then the other.

	"Owwwwwww!" Kathy cried, trying to move away from him. But he was gripping her tits so tightly in his hands as he bit into them again that, if she moved away any farther, he might yank her tits right off her chest!

	Suddenly, he slapped Kathy's tits brutally over and over, his blows sending them swinging first one way then the other-.

	"Owwwww! Oh God, no, Daddy! That hurts sooooo much!" she cried, trying to push him away. But, along with the pain, there was an undeniable hot pleasure flooding through the young girl's loins.

	Jerry laughed and continued to slap his little girl's tits. He was completely surprised by his own reactions to his "anger" at his daughter. He had expected to have to play the part to the hilt. Instead, his natural instincts were taking over and he was enjoying every second of this encounter with Kathy.

	He grabbed hold of her turgid nipples and pulled them out as far as he could while his daughter moaned and squirmed. Jerry didn't realize it, but she was moving around as much from lust and excitement as from pain.

	"This is what happens to sluts like you, Kathy!" he spat out.

	"Oh, Daddy, you have to stop!" she cried, tears streaming down her face. Her pussy was quivering with lust and all she could think about was her father's huge cock. How she wished he would ram his cock into her pussy! She was aching for her father's prick!

	"I have to stop, do I? Well, get this, little whore! I dont have to do anything you tell me to do! I'm your father and I'm in charge here! And I'll do whatever I damn well please to you! Understand?"

	Kathy moaned. Her father pulled her nipples out again, even farther this time. She screamed in pain.

	"I asked you a question, little cunt! I asked you if you understand what I told you! I'm your father and it's up to me to discipline you. You've been very bad, Kathy. You fucked your own brother and you probably tempted him so badly that he had to do it. So you're the one who has to be punished. Now, answer me this time! Do you understand?" he shouted, feeling genuine anger pound through his temples, sending new blood to his already engorged cock.

	"Yes," Kathy murmured softly.

	Again, she was terribly afraid of her father, but even more turned on than before. She loved the way he was treating her! She didn't know what he had in mind for her punishment but she had a suspicion that she would enjoy it, whatever it was.

	He shoved her back on the bed, sending her sprawling. Then he yanked her bikini panties off and licked his lips at the sight of her beautiful teenage pussy.

	"Stay there!" he ordered.

	Jerry turned to the closet and took out the four lengths of rope and the large, old-fashioned hairbrush he kept there for fuck sessions with his wife. Both he and his wife enjoyed the bondage type of fucking.

	"No, Daddy, no!" Kathy cried, seeing the ropes and hairbrush in her father's hand. She was terrified and beginning to wonder if she really knew her father.

	But Jerry just smiled cruelly as he tied his young, helpless daughter to the bed. He fastened the ropes around her ankles and wrists, pulling them so tightly that she cried out in pain.

	Kathy was half frightened and half excited. She had never been treated like this before in her life. And to have her very own father doing this to her was making her little cunt tingle and burn with lust for his big prick.

	Jerry gazed longingly at his naked, squirming daughter and quickly tore his clothes off. Kathy gasped aloud when she saw his full erect ten-inch cock, jutting straight out at her.

	"You goddamn whore!" her father snarled.

	"Look at you! Staring at my cock! You'd probably fuck your own father, wouldn't you? Jesus! That's how depraved you are!"

	Jerry picked up the hairbrush and ran it lightly over his sexy little girl's body, making her skin tingle with excitement as she waited for him to punish her. Suddenly, he raised his hand high and brought the brush down hard across her throbbing tits. Over and over, he slammed the brush across her tits.

	"Ohhhhhh, Godddddd, noooooooo, Daddy!"

	Kathy screamed.

	She had never felt such pain. As her father continued to beat her tits with the hairbrush, she begged him to stop, crying and screaming with pain. She writhed and twisted on the bed, vainly trying to escape the stinging blows of the relentless brush.

	Kathy's tits had never felt like this before. They were red and sore and where he had struck them near the nipples, there were little trickles of blood oozing out from the delicate rosebud centers. Yet, even as her tits throbbed painfully, Kathy was aware that her pussy was tingling with even more lust for her masterful father.

	Licking his lips, Jerry turned his attention to her pussy now. He stared for a minute at his hand and smacked her cunt mound hard with the large hairbrush.

	"Oh, God, Daddy, that's killing me!" Kathy shouted at the top of her lungs. The pain was excruciating as the brush slammed cruelly into her delicate pussy flesh.

	Finally, after several more blows and a lot more screaming, Jerry stopped. He couldn't believe how turned on he was; how excited he was feeling from his savage behavior toward his little girl, His cock was throbbing painfully and his balls were tightening more and more, demanding to release their load of cum.

	"Daddy! What are you going to do now?" Kathy asked, fearfully watching her father.

	Jerry grinned and tossed the brush to the floor. "You'll soon find out, little cunt! I told you, you have to be punished! Well, get ready for the kind of punishment a slut like you deserves!"

	He quickly climbed onto the bed and knelt between his daughter's widespread legs. Kathy raised her head and gasped in shock and excitement. Her father had the biggest, hardest cock she had ever seen, bigger and harder than any cock in her hottest, most imaginative dreams-and he was going to fuck her!

	Kathy groaned with pain and pleasure. After all this time, after all these years of wanting her father to fuck her, he was going to do it at long last and here he thought she didn't want it. He thought it would be a punishment for her! Kathy didn't know whether to laugh or cry from the irony of it all.

	"Okay, Kathy," Jerry said, staring down at his little girl's throbbing, drooling pussy. "This will be your punishment. I know that the idea of your own father fucking you must be totally repulsive to you, even though you are a flaming whore! So, now, as a way of disciplining you, your father is gonna take some of that sweet hot cunt you've been giving away to God knows who else!"

	"Oh, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy," Kathy murmured over and over, writhing on the bed in the heat of passion.

	Jerry misunderstood her movements. He thought she was turned off to the idea of him fucking her and, for the first time, he began to wonder if Dan had been wrong about her wanting him to fuck her. But there was no going back. Like it or not, she was going to be fucked by her father and the sooner the better!

	He leaned down and slapped her hard across the face, leaving a red hand print, on her pale, lovely flesh. He watched her young body trembling and he laughed mockingly. "Knock it off, Kathy! You're acting like a fuckin' virgin! And you're nothing but a slut. So just shut up and lie back and enjoy what's coming to you!"

	Suddenly, Jerry lunged forward, sending his entire ten inches of hot throbbing cock-meat surging up her small tight pussy.

	Kathy screamed in pain as her father's massive cock stretched her cunt walls to the absolute limit.

	Her daddy's prick was extra thick too and, for the first few seconds, Kathy felt as though she was still a virgin and her father was popping her cherry!

	It was an incredibly thrilling feeling for Kathy, giving her as much pleasure as pain. She moaned and groaned aloud with the sheer wonder of finally feeling her daddy's big cock fucking her tight little pussy.

	"Oh, God, Daddy! You're raping me!" she cried, feeling excited by the thought that she had had no choice. Her father was fucking her and forcing her to take it!

	"Can it, Kathy! No such thing as raping a slut. And that's just what you are! Fucking your brother! Fucking your uncle! Staring at your own father's cock like you want it! Hell, you have this coming and I'm gonna fuck you so you'll never forget your punishment. I'm gonna fuck you hard, little bitch!"

	Kathy was surprised that her father knew about her fucking Uncle Dan. She wondered who had told on her. But she didn't care. In fact, she was glad he had found out. For, the angrier he was, the more savagely he would fuck her and she loved it.

	Kathy turned her head to one side and bit her lip hard, trying not to cry out as her father continued to fuck her. It hurt so much. His cock was so big! And so hard! But it felt so good too! Tears of pure lust streamed down her lovely face and she clenched her small hands into tight fists, trying not to let her father know how much she was enjoying being fucked. She was afraid he would stop fucking if he knew.

	"Damn, but you're tight! Nice and tight! Feels like a cherry pussy! If I didn't know better . . ." Jerry panted as he continued to fuck his huge prick into his daughter's tight little pussy.

	Kathy heard the lust in her father's voice and it matched her own as she writhed and twisted on the bed, overcome by desire for her daddy's massive cock. She had never felt so wonderful in her life. There was no thrill equal to being fucked by her father, she thought and she only wished she could let him know how much she was enjoying his cock. She didn't honestly know how much longer she could go on pretending that it was rape.

	As Kathy moaned loudly and tears continued to stream down her face, Jerry paused in his fucking movements and looked at his little girl with confusion and doubt in his eyes. He was beginning to think he had made a big mistake and Kathy wasn't going to enjoy her "punishment" at all.

	"Honey . . ." he started, unable to take his throbbing cock from her cunt. He didn't know what he would do if she really didn't want him to fuck her. "Am I hurting you that much? Do you really want me to stop?" He was holding his breath for her answer.

	"Oh, Daddy, no!" Kathy cried. "It hurts because your cock is sooooo big-but it feels wonderful! I love it! Dont stop! Please Dont stop!" she yelled, crying harder in her frustrated lust.

	"You mean it, Kat?" Jerry asked, hardly able to believe his good luck.

	"God, yes, I mean it, Daddy! I've been wanting you to fuck me-for so long now. I can't stand it! Fuck me, Daddy! Fuck meeeeeeee!"

	Jerry smiled down at his horny daughter in gratitude and relief but, still, he had to make absolutely sure that this is what she wanted.

	"But, honey, your tears and the way you've been carrying on, screaming and everything ... I mean ..."

	"Oh, Daddy!" Kathy laughed. "I've been carrying on like that because it feels so good and because I want your cock so badly!"

	"Well, all right, honey. You want cock, you got it!" Jerry cried.

	"Oh, goody, Daddy! Now, please, dont talk any more and just fuck me! Fuck meeeeeee!"

	
To Be Continued

