 Author: Bakeboss
Title: Back Door MILF
Summary: Two mature women learn the pleasure of anal from their young pool man
Keywords: MF+,an,or,
 
 We join Irene and Sue at Sue's kitchen table as they sit drinking coffee and dishing the neighborhood dirt of the day.
"I swear Suze my husband is turning into a bona fide pervert and the more I let him do to me, the more he wants.  I thought sucking his little weasel dick was disgusting, now he wants to put that miserable piece of manhood in my rear end."
"Well that's at least one place where smaller is better.  So are you going to give in to him?"
"You know I always do, But I'm going to make him pay somehow.  I told you I made him paint my toenails before I would suck him, didn't I?  It was hilarious watching him on his knees with a hardon blowing my toenails dry so he could get his blowjob.  I'm going to make him stick his tongue up my butt before I let him put his pecker up there, and then I think I'll have him stick his nose up there, hell that might be bigger than his wiener.
Both of the ladies laughed at that, and then refilled their mugs.
"Irene I swear all this talk of back door sex is making my panties wet, I just love a big strong man taking me from behind."
Irene's mouth dropped open at this comment,
"Are you talking about Arnold?
Sue laughed at this and shook her head
"I'd never let him in by back door; he doesn't deserve it, besides he comes in about two strokes after he sticks it in my pussy.  No, I have a special lover and I let him take me in the ass and believe me he likes my back door.  When I am on my hands and knees and he is deep inside my ass I swear I can feel his cock rubbing my g-spot and I just explode.  It's the best sex in the world."
"God, now you're making my panties wet, that's what I need, a special lover.  Oh I want one young too, none of this bald head and grey chest hair."
"That's my man, he's only twenty-seven, and he says he likes mature women.  You know Irene I would be willing to share Raul if you are really interested.  He's our pool man and he's here every Friday, come on over and bring you bathing suit, why don't you wear that sexy two-piece you took to Cancun last year.  I guarantee you'll never regret it and he's more man that I can handle so in fact you'll be helping me."
"Pool man; come on Sue that sounds like something right out of Disparate Housewives.  Oh, I don't know Sue, that's a big step but it sounds so yummy.  I'd love to give him my last cherry, just to make sure Tom doesn't get it.  Oh hell, count me in I'll be here Friday, I can't wait."

   Irene could not stop thinking about Sue's pool man, she even gave Tom a blowjob all the while pretending it was Raul.  It excited her so much she almost came but then Tom spurted in her mouth and that brought her back to reality.  She called Sue Thursday night just to make sure everything was still on.
"Oh hell yeah, I just got off the phone with Raul and he's all excited, he said oh boy, two MILFs at once.  Come on Irene you mean you don't know what a MILF is, the boys say it means 'Mothers I Like to Fuck'. That's us Irene, fuckable mothers."
"I can't wait I'm so excited, I've been playing with myself all week long and I let Tom play with my ass.  First, I had him get between by cheeks and lick me until I got all wet, then I made him stick his nose up my ass, and I told him to fuck me with his nose.  I got so wet, and then I let him pit his finger up but I made him go very slow.  Then I made him stop, I told him it hurt, but it didn't.  I'm just trying to get my ass ready for your pool man, and I want it Sue, that's  all I've thought about and I want it bad."

   Friday morning, Irene got up early and headed to the bathroom, she was now glad she had kept her old douche bag.  She thoroughly douched her anal canal until pure clean water ran out.  Then she shaved everything, her legs, her ass and her pussy completely bald, she almost had to stand on her head to get all the hair from between her cheeks.  She had never in her life felt so naughty as she bent over and used both hand to expose her little rosebud.  She inspected her work it was smooth and hair free.  She wondered if Tom would even notice she had shaved her bush, being a redhead she didn't have a lot of hair.  She then put on her little bathing suit and a skimpy cover up, and then headed to Sue's house.

   After getting no answer at Sue's front door Irene walked around to the back of the house, she started for the kitchen door but noticed the pool house door was slightly open.  She went to the open door and looked inside.  The first thing she noticed was the sexy bare butt of a tall Latin man.  As she stared in awe of this handsome rear end, she realized he had Sue on her hands and knees and her ass up in the air.  The man was holding onto Sue's hips and was slamming his cock into her ass.  She gasped as she heard Sue moan and the scream,
"Harder Raul, harder, yes, yes."
The man turned as he heard Irene, he smiled but did not slow down his attack on Sue's sphincter.
"You must be Irene, come in, don't be shy come on in.  Do you like watching us; you see how much my friend is enjoying this." 
Irene came into the room almost in a trance, she had never seen anybody making love, oh sure pictures and movies, but this was real.  She wasn't sure if Sue even knew she was in the room but Raul did, he leered at her.
"Come here Conchita, that's a good girl, now kiss me."
Still In her trance she walked to him and put her lips to his, the first thing she noticed was the taste of pussy on his lips.  'Oh, my god that's Sue's pussy I taste' and instantly felt her own pussy gush.  Then she heard Sue scream and then collapse on the chaise lounge pulling Raul's cock out of her ass as she fell, Irene saw the gaping hole and worried if her hole would be stretched like that.  Only then did sue see Irene, she felt her face redden at the thought of what Irene had just witnessed.  Irene watched in relief as the gaping maw that was Sue's back door slowly returned to normal.
"Hi Irene, you're a little early, I hoped you liked the show, now excuse while I finish my job."
She turned around and pulled the condom off Raul then she put Raul's cock in her mouth.
"She prefers my cum down her throat instead of left in a rubber.  Take off your suit I want to see you naked."
Irene did as instructed, when she bent down to pull her bottoms off her face was right next to Sue's face and Raul's cock.  Sue took his cock out of her mouth and offered it to Irene; she dropped to her knees and took it in her mouth.  As she sucked, Sue brushed her back hair and then she reached over and kissed her neck right behind her ear.  Sue then reached to Irene's nipple and gently rubbed it to erection.  Raul watching all of this couldn't hold back and exploded into Irene's mouth.  The surprise and the volume was too much for Irene to catch and as it leaked from between her lips Sue began to lick it off  her face.  As Raul pulled his softening cock out of Irene's mouth Sue replaced it with her tongue.  

  When they broke their kiss, Irene's was panting like a bitch in heat.  She looked to Raul for relief but saw Raul's cock soft and spent.
"Don't you worry Conchita you will be next; I just need a minute to recoup.  Suzie why don't you give this poor girl some relief and I'll watch."
He helped Irene and Sue change places, then sat next to them and watched as Sue buried her face in Irene's slit.  Irene's cried out as she climaxed, the sound of her voice made her realize that she hadn't uttered a word since she had entered the room.  She looked at Raul and saw his manhood engorged and standing tall.
"Are you ready to lose that cherry Irene?  Let's get this man ready to pop that little baby."
"Oh god, Raul you are so big you will never fit back there, maybe we better wait to do that."
"Don't you worry Conchita, I'll be gentle I know what I'm doing.  If it hurts too much just tell me and I'll stop."

  Irene watched as Sue put the lube all over Raul's handsome condom covered cock it excited her even more, as she thought about where his manhood was going.  First, Sue helped get Irene into position, and then Raul started putting the lube into Irene's backdoor.  The cold lube felt good going into her ass but still Irene's nerves were on edge as she next felt Raul big cock gently pushing into her.
"Stop, stop" she screamed, "it hurts too much."
"You have to relax Conchita, don't tighten, I won't hurt you.  Take a deep breath, that's right just like that."
Sue leaned over and put her lips to Irene's, she pushed her tongue into her mouth.
"It will go in just like my tongue did into your mouth.  Could you taste your pussy on my lips?  Irene, it's such a turn on to see you like this, I know you want this just relax and let Raul enter you."
"I could taste my pussy on you and I could taste you on Raul and I do want this I do but I'm so afraid."
"Would you like another taste of me?"
She sat on the chase and spread her legs in front of Irene.  Sue felt so slutty as she spread her labia with both hands to show off her gash to Irene.  Irene leaned forward and put her face between Sue's lips, then stuck her tongue up Sue's pussy.  Sue grabbed her head and held against her sopping wet cunt just as Raul plunged all the way inside of Irene.  She tried to scream but her face was buried into Sue's cunt and she had no air in her lungs.  Raul stood still with his cock deep inside Irene's bowls.  Irene at first felt as if she would explode from the pressure, but slowly the pressure changed to a feeling of fullness and then of pleasure she could feel all over.  She pushed back hoping it would signal Raul she wanted more, he took the hint and ever so slowly started sliding back and forth.  She took her face out of Sue pussy, she wanted to concentrate on the feelings she was receiving from deep in her rectum.  She heard someone screaming and realized it was she but not in pain, no it was passion.  She too fell forward pulling Raul's cock out of her ass as she fell; she collapsed right into Sue's waiting pussy.  Irene was in such a condition she didn't notice her mouth on Sues snatch; then she realized Sue was stroking her hair.  Irene was in such a state of contentment and finally she was completely relaxed.

Irene almost lazily reached up and put Sue's exposed clit between her lips.  She squeezed it with her lips feeling the tiny 'girl cock' get hard, and then she teased just the tip with her tongue.  Although she had done this a few times in college, she thought of it more of experimentation than sex back then.  Still Irene knew what she liked so she just went with that.  She knew she was doing good because Sue's juices were running down her chin and Sue gasped and at first held Irene's head hard up against her and then suddenly pushed her away.  When she opened her eyes, she saw that Raul was standing next to her with his manhood in Sue's mouth and half way down her throat.  She reached up and held Raul's balls she could feel them tighten and knew he was about to let loose.  She saw Sue's eyes widen as Raul's load pumped into her mouth, Sue swallowed all without losing a drop.

Irene could not believe how fast Raul could return from spent to ready for action, he joked,
"It's you MILFs that do that to me, when I am with my wife we do it once and I'm ready for a nap.  But you ladies are driving me insane, I can't get enough."
He was not kidding, when he left that afternoon there was a trash can full of used condoms, some were full but most were empty as the girls liked to bring him off with their mouths after he had fucked them.

Sue and Irene lie beside each other on the large chaise still naked but too spent to do anything about it.
"God Irene I have never had such a day, I am exhausted."
"You, how about me I had more orgasms today that I've had since I been married."
She laughed but she wasn't kidding, she hardly ever had orgasms with Tom and it didn't seem worth it to do it herself.
"How can my ass hurt so much and feel so good at the same time?  Sue your Raul is fantastic he just played my body as if it was his instrument.  The way you held me to your, pussy while he impaled me with his cock, I was so turned on I didn't know if I could stand it.  I have to say the best was when we went sixty-nine and as I watched Raul entered you.  It looked like you ass was sucking him in, then his balls kept bumping into me.  I could taste you but I could smell his manhood on his balls.  I swear Sue that's a picture I'll never forget."
"Oh I know, every time he pounded into me it would push my clit farther into your mouth, almost like I was fucking you with my tiny dick."

  "So tell me Irene, are you going to let Tom have some of that back door action?"
"Oh god Sue I just don't know, you know what a letdown it will be for me after what 'Raul the Cocksman' did to me.  Yeah but I guess I'll let him have a little used back door just so I can compare."
"You want me to come over and sixty-nine with you so you can get off too."
"Tom doesn't deserve to see your pretty pussy Sue; I'm saving that just for us well us and Raul.  So tell me Sue do you and Raul just fuck the old fashion way, you know vaginal style?"
"Of course not Irene that would be cheating."
Both women laughed at Sue's joke.  Irene finally got up and put the few clothes she brought back on; she told Sue she had better get home before Tom got there.  Sue put on a robe and walked her to the front yard, she kissed Irene on the lips and said
"So I'll see you next Friday then?" 
