Kerri’s Humiliation
by Humilatron 

Chapter 1: The Escape Room

It was a Monday during school and Kerri was studying in the library for study hall. She often worked hard as she had many academic goals. She wasn’t athletic at all so her academics were the only thing that would get her into the college she wanted to go to.

Kerri was rather petite. She was the shortest in the school even amongst the freshmen. She was also the smallest as her boobs stopped growing before she could reach a B cup. She wore big framed glasses too which she wasn’t often made fun of for. Kerri stood up as she wanted to go to the bathroom before her next class. She hated having to interrupt Mrs Lancaster’s lessons. They were always so fascinating to her.

The library was next to the gym so she headed toward the locker rooms. There was no gym class during this period so it would be the best time to go. Suddenly just as she was about to enter the girl’s locker room, she was grabbed from behind and blindfolded. She tried to scream, but she was immediately gagged too. She had no idea where she was going, but heard a door opening.

Her nose caught the musty old smell as she was pushed into a room. She could hear lockers slamming as she tried to get loose. She deduced that she was in a locker room. She didn’t know whether it was the girls or boys but she recognized the smell.

She was tousled to the ground, her legs pulled apart aggressively.

Suddenly the blindfold was torn off and her eyes met the much larger, much more popular, and much tougher girl that was Jessica Lang. “Mmmm” Kerri said, still gagged, as she noticed her ankles were tied to a bench as they were forced apart facing the direction of the door.

“I hear you’re the one who decided to snitch to Principal Norton about us skipping class,” Jessica said. “So, we’re going to play a little game to teach you a lesson about keeping your mouth shut.”

Jessica pulled out a pair of scissors. “First, let’s get you out of that… attire…”

Kerri’s eyes went wide as Jessica stepped forward and snipped her shirt off, despite Kerri trying desperately to fight back not able to do much with her hands tied and her ankles bound. Kerri cried as her shirt was torn to shreds, left in her padded bra which Jessica quickly snipped off, cackling at Kerri’s marshmallow sized breasts.

Kerri cried as Jessica moved on to Kerri’s underwear and cut that off too. Kerri sobbed as she realized her legs left her pussy on full display to anyone who would walk in. Jessica gathered the remnants and threw them in the trash. “Don’t worry,” Jessica said. “I won’t leave you completely helpless.”

She reached into her bag and pulled out a pair of Disney princess panties with a training bra and a small little dress and put them in a locker, closing it and adding an extra padlock. Then she waves the key to the door around. “You’ll need this obviously.”

She taped the key to the highest corner away from any benches and where she knew Kerri would have trouble reaching. She smiled as she looked at her watch. “I’d hurry up if I were you, the bell will ring in about mmmm 10 minutes. Who knows maybe Coach James will find you first.”

“‘Mmmmmmm!” Kerri cried as Jessica left.

Kerri heard the lock click and knew that it was locked.

*****

So, I was doomed. The clock ticked menacingly, and I knew I didn’t have long. The first thing I needed to do was ungag myself. Jessica had used a cloth tied around my head so the only way I would get it removed was to rub my face against my shoulder which was a lot harder than it looked.

“Fuck,” I said as I finally slipped the gag off.

I was still screwed. I was naked, and there was no way I could start yelling in the position I was in. I tried to sit up, but the way my ankles were tied made it difficult. And I needed to somehow get my arms free.

I looked around for anything. My eyes caught something that Jessica had dropped. My only saving grace, a pair of scissors. It was against the locker she had shoved the set of clothes in. I needed to get to it. I struggled trying to will myself to just be a little taller. I looked at the clock. 5 minutes had already passed. My eyes widened.

I was running out of time. I struggled against the ropes and to my surprise my wrists began to come loose. I looked down. The idiot couldn’t even tie a secure knot. No… now was not a time to insult something that ended up being in my favor. I worked on loosening the bonds and eventually my wrists were free then I looked for the scissors. I stretched my arms as far as they would go. I couldn’t reach them.

They were too far away, taunting me as I stared at them. I looked at the clock again. My legs were still spread wide, the only progress I had made was my arms were loose, and I realized I had to abandon the scissors.

With 3 minutes left, I started working on my ankles, desperate to get loose. Luckily the knots were so secure so it didn’t take me long, but I still only had 2 minutes left. I raced for the locker that had the clothes, and I examined the padlock. To my horror it needed a key. I looked at the key stuck to what might as well have been the ceiling. “Fuck.”

I looked around for anything, anything that could help me. Then I remembered. There was another door. One for emergency exits. It would of course mean that I would be outside naked, but… it was my only real option.

I raced for the door. But paused in my tracks as I saw a note on the door. “Nice try, Kerri. But it’s not that easy.”

The door was locked shut. My only way out was somehow getting the key. I noticed a lacrosse stick that had been left under one of the benches. “Jackpot.”

I grabbed the stick and used it to get the key. It eventually came down and landed in my hand and then I raced for the door and put the key in the door, throwing it open as I raced out of it. “I’m free!” I yelled. “I’m…”

I stopped in my tracks. My face dropped and my heart stopped as Jessica was waiting for me just outside the locker room.

BRIIIIING. The bell rang.

Everyone started to come out of their classrooms and I was still naked. Jessica grabbed me and pulled me back into the boys’ locker room. She locked the door leaving no key this time, but I wasn’t tied up. I couldn’t escape as the boys began to enter looking both confused and amused as they saw me standing there naked.

“What the hell is going on?!” I heard Coach James yell as he saw me standing there naked in the boys’ locker room.

He pinned my arms behind me as he dragged me out of the locker room where more boys were. He dragged me into the hallway where everyone was still heading to class and he dragged me all across the school, butt naked. Everyone laughed and pointed and laughed some more. “Oh my God, Kerri’s naked!”

I was pulled into the Principal’s office where I was yelled at. “She was showing her naked bits off to the boys,” Coach James said. “Hiding in the locker room. Naked.”

“Excuse me,” a boy knocked on the door. “But I found these clothes in my locker. I think they belong to Kerri.”

My head swirled to find him holding the Disney Princess panties and the training bra along with the dress. My eyes widened in horror. No way. “Thank you,” Coach James said as he took the clothes from the boy then turned back to the principal. “We need to call her parents. This is inexcusable.”

“B-but I didn’t,” I cried. “Jessica made me do this. She tied me up and left me there.”

The principal raised an eyebrow. “That’s a serious accusation,” he said. “Do you have any evidence of this?”

I shook my head. “No, I don’t,” I said. “But it’s true.”

The principal sighed and hit the intercom. “Will Jessica Lang come to the principal’s office? Thank you.”

We waited for a bit and then Jessica entered the room but she wasn’t alone. She was with her mother. “What exactly is Jessica being accused of?” Mrs Lang asked.

“Kerri here says that Jessica was the reason she was naked in the boys’ locker room,” Principal Norton said.

“And you just believed her?” Mrs Lang asked. “Is there any proof?”

“That’s what I was asking,” Principal Norton said.

“Actually,” Jessica said. “I do have proof. Proof that Kerri is lying to you.”

Jessica walked over to the security footage and skipped back to the time. “She can be seen heading to the locker room all on her own from the library. Obviously there aren’t security cameras by the locker rooms, but I did find this audio clip very interesting.”

Jessica pulled out her phone and played what sounded like me. “I can’t wait to frame Jessica for this one. She thinks she can just skip class but I’m going to teach her a lesson.”

“I never said that!” I yelled.

“Stop lying, Kerri,” Jessica said. “You wanted to frame me since day 1 because you think you’re so much better than me. It’s convenient you have no evidence of something that you’re accusing me of. But I have proof against you.”

Mrs Lang cleared her throat. “Clearly my daughter was not behind this. And Kerri should be punished for blatantly breaking school rules. I do have a proposition for that. If Kerri wanted to be naked so badly, then let her. Make her attend school butt naked until she graduates.”

My eyes bulged. “What?!”

“And make her use the boys’ bathroom and locker rooms,” Mrs Lang added. “It was clearly her goal to do just that.”

“I’ll have to ask her parents,” Principal Norton said. “But I will deeply consider this. For now, you may put these clothes on, Kerri.”

My eyes landed on the panties and training bra. I gulped as I had no choice but to put them on. “I don’t think she should wear the dress,” Mrs Lang said. “If she’s not embarrassed from this, she will never learn.”

“I agree,” Principal Norton said. “Kerri, you will attend school in your underwear until I can talk to your parents about what happened and see how they want to approach all of this. So go.”

I blushed as I raced out of the office. I still needed to get my things. I heard giggles and laughter as I made my way back to the library and gathered my belongings. I headed to Mrs Lancaster’s class.

I stopped in my tracks as I looked down the hall again. The locker rooms were right there. And I still needed to go to the bathroom. I headed in that direction. As I approached I couldn’t help but turn into the boys’ locker room. It was empty as all the boys had changed out and the class was outside for the day.

I looked around in the boys’ locker room and remembered the door. I went back to it. It was unlocked again and the note was gone. I turned and looked for any sign. Any evidence that Jessica had been there too, but there was nothing. All of the evidence that might have been there, was gone.

I frowned, not believing my luck as I gave up and headed toward my last class.

As I entered 30 minutes late to Mrs Lancaster’s class, my face turned bright red as everyone turned to look at me standing in my underwear. “Kerri, you’re late,” Mrs Lancaster said. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to dock 5 points from your grade.”

My eyes widened. That meant that I was no longer in the running for valedictorian. All my hard work. Everything that I had dedicated my life to was ruined. And it was only the beginning as I sat down in my seat, tears in my eyes as I knew that soon, the principal would call my parents, and my life would truly be over.


Chapter 2: The Death Sentence

“NAKED?!” My father yelled as I opened the door to my home. “YOU WENT TO SCHOOL NAKED?!”

“N-no,” I said.

“Don’t you dare try lying to me,” my dad said.

I looked to my mom who was equally upset. “I can’t believe I was at work when I got a call from the principal telling me my daughter, my soon to be valedictorian daughter, was caught naked in the boys’ locker room,” my mom said. “Tell me, did anything more happen?”

I gulped. “I… I was late to my last class,” I said. “A-and Mrs Lancaster docked 5 points.”

My mom’s face turned from angry to furious. “You mean you lost your valedictorian position!” she yelled.

I nodded. “Y-yes,” I said. “It means that Julie Walters will most likely be valedictorian instead.”

“Pants down,” my mom said.

“B-but-”

“NOW!” My mom yelled.

I whimpered as I lowered my underwear, not even able to step inside as I did. I could hear voices coming closer, but my mom sat down and forced me over her lap. My butt was pointed to the streets as my mom began spanking me.

“There she is, girls,” I heard Jessica’s voice say as the voices got louder.

I could hear male voices too as they all began to laugh. “Uh oh, someone’s in trouble with mommy and daddy.”

“Hear me when I say this,” my mom said. “You will be naked until you graduate.”

I was horrified. “N-no!”

My mom landed a harsh spanking on my butt causing it to really sting. “You won’t be allowed any clothes until you have at least a bachelor’s degree.”

“W-wait…” I cried.

“Until you graduate college, you are forbidden from wearing anything,” my mom said. “And if you do, you will be kicked out of my house. With nothing. I will also not be paying for your tuition. So you better get a job or a scholarship. And furthermore, you will give a speech at graduation regardless of whether you become valedictorian or not. I will write it, and you will read exactly what I write.”

I cried. “M-mom, please.”

“I’m not done,” my mom said. “You will do everything your teachers tell you. To the letter. And I will be hiring someone who will act as a babysitter. They will make sure you attend class and are paying attention too. They will make sure that you aren’t covering and they will also be responsible for issuing punishments as they see fit. You will obey them. This is what Mrs Lang and I agreed on. Now get up.”

My mom let me rise to my feet, turning me to face the group of people which consisted of Jessica, the cheerleading squad, and a few of the boys from my school. “Now, Kerri,” my mom said. “I want you to put your hands behind your head and apologize to Jessica for trying to get her into trouble.”

I looked at Jessica who had the biggest smile on her face. We were the only ones that knew what really happened. But it didn’t matter. No one was going to believe me. “I’m sorry, Jessica,” I said. “I’m sorry for trying to get you into trouble and lying to the principal.”

“I accept your apology, Kerri,” Jessica said. “And I’m excited to be the one to make sure that you behave yourself from now on.”

My face turned to pure horror as I turned to my mom. “That’s right,” my mom said. “Jessica will be the one to make sure that you behave and do exactly what I just said.”

The irony was certainly not lost to me. The idea that the person that caused my problems to begin with would now be the person in charge of my utter humiliation was the icing on top of my nightmare cake. “Yes, mom,” I said.

“Now, get inside,” my mom said.

I obeyed as I gulped dreading tomorrow as it would surely lead to only more humiliation.


Chapter 3: The Torture Room

It was humiliating. Attending school completely naked. I was teased relentlessly, but that wasn’t the worst part. Jessica was. During my study hall when I was in the library. Jessica made me walk with her to the locker rooms. The infamous locker rooms where she made me go inside. “Welcome to your first punishment session,” Jessica said.

It was the first time I was in the boys locker room since my humiliation exactly 12 hours ago. I noticed the locker room had been rearranged. This time the benches formed a big X and faced the door. They had ropes attached to the legs. I was forced to lay down as Jessica tied my ankles and wrists. It was even worse than before. “P-please, Jess,” I cried. “Don’t do this. T-they’ll see me. N-naked. Spread open.”

Jessica smiled. “You shouldn’t have been such a naughty girl,” Jessica said as she pulled out a camera and set it up on a tripod. “Your mom gave me full permission to do whatever I see fit. And since you decided to try to get me into trouble yesterday for something I didn’t do, I’ve decided we’re going to do exactly the thing you wanted to in the first place. And we’re going to do this every single day until you admit the complete truth on camera and tell everyone exactly what happened. No more lying. No more trying to get me into trouble. Until you admit the truth, we’ll continue to do this every single day.”

I cried as I struggled against my bonds, trying to get loose. Jessica walked up next to me and pulled out a tub of cream. She opened it and smeared it onto my chest, dotting my nipples as she did. My nipples felt like they were getting burned off as they hardened and pointed outward. She then rubbed the same cream onto my bare crotch which also burned and throbbed.

“So, Kerri,” Jessica said. “Are you ready to confess?”

I cried. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. We both know this was all your fault!”

“More lies!” Jessica yelled as she smacked my bare crotch. “We will continue to do this every day until you admit what really happened.”

Jessica smacked my bare crotch repeatedly as it stung from whatever the cream was. The bell rang and the boys all started coming in seeing me laying spread out. Jessica shook her head. “Time’s up. Maybe you’ll confess tomorrow,” she said as she untied me from the bench much too late to hide any dignity as she made me run all the way to Mrs Lancaster’s class.

The next day it was the same thing. I was tied to the benches until the bell rang, this time I was forced face down as Jessica spanked me the entire time. Jessica kept her word punishing me every day. We were getting closer to graduation, but I was not going to give Jessica the satisfaction of a fake confession. I still wondered if there was anything, anything at all that could prove my innocence in all of this. After all, I didn’t want to go to college butt ass naked.

Then we reached the following Monday. Jessica took me to the locker room again. This time when I entered there was a phallic looking object set up. “I’ve tried everything,” Jessica said. “Spankings, humiliations, nothing seems to work. So today we’re going to try public masturbation. You’re going to tell everyone what really happened. No more lies. You’re lying even now to further your gain. It’s not going to work. So tell the truth and I’ll stop.”

As the phallic object approached my virgin clit, I struggled against my bonds. “Stop it, Jessica, please,” I cried. “You can’t do this to me.”

“Are you scared, Kerri?” Jessica asked. “Well all you have to do is tell everyone the truth. Once in for all what happened.”

“FINE!” I cried. “I’ll do it! Just please, please don’t.”

Jessica held up notecards for me to read off of, ones that I could easily see despite my fogged up glasses. “Then tell everyone the truth.”

“M-my name is Kerri Barnes, I’m 18 years old, a-and I framed Jessica and tried to get her in trouble b-by tattling on her to the principal. I locked myself in the boys’ locker room n-naked and spread open a-and I r-recorded myself trying to escape when in reality i-it was all me. I did it to myself,” I said. “I’ve been a very n-naughty girl and I deserve to be naked. And…”

I stopped speaking as I came across one phrase that would doom any hope that I had left. “And I think t-that MIT, Harvard, and any other college t-that thinks I would be fit to attend their school d-deserves to see this instead.”

My eyes widened as the phallic object that had taunted me so much then penetrated me. Not my vagina, but my butthole. As I laid there for all to see. “MMMMMMM. Uhhh uhh uhhhhh,” I cried as the silicone penis went in and out of me. “Uh uhhhh uhhhhhhhhh. Uhhhhhhh.”

I gasped as I was flipped over onto my stomach, my butt spread wide pointing at the camera as the silicone penis went in and out moving at a hard rhythm. I heard the door open and then laughter as people filed in watching me as I laid there. It was even worse than if I had just been caught the other day. If I had let the boys see me… I wouldn’t have been in the position I was, sprawled out naked for all to see until I reached a climax and came all over the boys’ locker room bench.

I was finally let go as I raced out of the school, ashamed of what I just did. “And send,” Jessica said. “Now let’s see if any college wants you after they see you getting down like a dirty animal.”

I sniffled as I suddenly heard the video replaying over and over as everyone pulled it up on their phone. From that point forward my life was set. The hard work I had put in my applications was probably mute now.

Only time would really tell.


Chapter 4: The Jester’s Speech

With just a couple days left of school, the video of me getting pegged by that silicone penis was viral. Everyone had seen it. And I knew everyone saw it because everywhere I went, someone would play it or someone would point and laugh.

I couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes. I waited for my college letters to arrive. And they all said the same thing as I opened the letters.

“Dear Kerri,

Thank you for expressing interest in MIT. The Admissions Committee has given a careful consideration to your application.

The Committee regrets to inform you that we will not be offering you a position in our school. And in fact, found the contents of your application quite disturbing and one that does not fit with the conduct of our school. We hope that you can find some place that will accept your lifestyle, but it is not something we can do at this time.

Thank you,”


I couldn’t believe I had spent 18 years of my life studying and working hard just for it to be stolen from me a couple weeks before. The words of my mom haunted me too. She told me if I wouldn’t get clothes until I had a bachelor’s degree. But what would happen if I couldn’t even get into college?

“Oh Kerri!” Jessica called out. “Guess what I have?”

“What is it?” I asked.

Jessica held up a letter. It was from HT, a local university. “Congratulations,” Jessica read. “We have accepted your application. So… did you get into any?”

I shook my head. “No, I didn’t,” I said.


“Oh… that’s too bad,” Jessica sneered. “I guess they didn’t appreciate the video I attached to your application. But luckily for you, this one is for you.”

Jessica handed me the letter. It did, in fact, have my name on it. “What is this? I didn’t apply to this school.”

“But I did,” Jessica said. “For you. And this is your ticket to your way out of this whole… situation.”

I stared at Jessica. “Um… thank you,” I said.

“Don’t thank me yet, I never said what I put on your application. You see… this school is very different. They accept all walks of life, including naked girls. And in fact they have a special program that I signed you up for,” Jessica said. “Also, I am going to be your roommate. So prepare for a lot of… fun…”

I gulped. “Well, if it gets me out of this. How much does it cost?” I asked.

“Nothing,” Jessica said. “Well… only your dignity. Do you even know what HT is?”

I shook my head. “No.”

“Well… you’ll find out,” Jessica said.

And with that she left. I raced to my computer searching for what HT was. Nothing showed up. I went to ask my mom. “Hey, mom, what is HT?” I asked.

“A local college, why?” She asked.

“W-well, yeah,” I said.

“Oh…” she said. “Well congrats, and good luck.”

I nodded, unsure of why no one would tell me what HT was. “Hey mom, I’m sorry,” I said.

“Just get ready for your speech,” my mom said.

I nodded remembering that soon I would have to give a speech in front of all of the graduating class and their families, naked. My mom had prepared it for me. And I had to practice it all week long. And tomorrow would be the day I would give it.

*****

Julie Walter’s speech was boring to say the least. She wasn’t bad, but it was clear she didn’t practice her speech beforehand. I rolled my eyes as she wished everyone a happy future. It was cliché at best. Then it was my turn to give a speech in the big gymnasium on stage where everyone’s eyes were on me. And even more there was a big screen behind me where everyone would be able to see me.

I gulped as I stepped forward. “My name is Kerri Barnes. I’m 18 years old. A couple weeks ago I made a fatal error in trying to frame Jessica Lang. I went to the principal and told him that it was her fault that I was naked in the boys’ locker room. I was a naughty girl and from that point forward, I was forced to attend school naked. Completely naked. And I won’t be allowed to wear clothes until I graduate college. And then…”

Just before I was about to get into my long speech, I heard a horrible sound from behind me. “Uhhh uhhhhh UHHHHHH.”

I turned around and my jaw dropped. The video of me in the boys’ locker room getting pegged was on full display on the big HD screen for all to see. My eyes watered. I looked to see who would play that video. I assumed it had to be Jessica. Only she would do something this low. “THAT’S IT!” I yelled. “I HAVE HAD ENOUGH! I didn’t frame Jessica Lang! She is solely responsible for this! She grabbed me on the way to the bathroom! She forced me to strip naked and tied me up! It was her fault I was naked! And SHE! She caused this video of me!”

Jessica Lang stared at me. “No I didn’t,” she said. “I didn’t do any of this shit.”

“You’re lying!” I yelled. “Even now!”

“Kerri, you need to calm down,” Jessica said. “Do you really want to cause a scene on an important day for everyone? I can’t believe you’re continuing to spew lies.”

“It’s your fault I’m standing here like this, you motherfucking bitch!” I yelled. “I should have been valedictorian! I should have-”

Suddenly I was grabbed by my wrist. Everything happened so fast. I was over the lap of Jessica, I wasn’t sure who and then SMACK. SMACK. SMACK. I gasped. “How dare you ruin this day by spouting lies about me.”

“I’m not lying!” I cried. “I…”

SMACK SMACK SMACK. “The more you lie, the more you get punished,” Jessica said. “We both know there’s no proof that I was there. It’s not my fault you cut up your clothes and ran around school naked.”

I cried as Jessica continued spanking me, and then I realized. “How did you know?” I asked.

“What?” Jessica said.

“How did you know my clothes were cut up?” I asked.

“I… well the scissors…”

“I never told anyone about the scissors,” I said. “And in fact, everyone thought that those Disney undies and training bra were my clothes. So how would you have known that my clothes were cut if you were never there.”

Jessica’s eyes widened as I stood up from her lap. “W-well…”

“Is this true?” Principal Norton asked, stepping forward. “Did you cut Ms Barnes clothes off and force her to be at school naked? Ms Lang?”

“I…” Jessica said. “N-no… I…”

“She’s lying,” I said. “She also sealed the emergency door shut and left a note on the door for me to find. Which is a federal crime, and she vandalized my clothes.”

“W-well, you can’t prove anything!” Jessica yelled.

“Actually,” I said. “I can. It took longer than I hoped, but… I managed to scrape your phone of all the deleted footage. And there’s pictures of me, tied up naked, helpless, ones that I couldn’t possibly have taken. In fact, it clearly shows that I am blindfolded, tied up, and gagged.”

I showed the principal the phone. “This is very serious,” Principal Norton said. “Mrs Lang, could you come up here?”

“It’s too late!” Jessica yelled. “Kerri is already enrolled in the Humiliation Program at HT!”

“The what?!” I said.

“Well,” Mrs Lang said, as she stepped up onto the stage. “Then you’ll have no problem joining her in that program, Jess. Especially since you insisted on attending that scandalous university. Why my own daughter would want to attend Humiliation Tech, I’m not sure. But considering the torture you put Kerri through, I think it’s more than deserved.”

Jessica’s face turned pale. “B-but that program is horrible!” She yelled. “You can’t make me take part in that!”

“Yes, I can,” Mrs Lang said. “Now about this video you sent to everyone. I think that it’s only fair if you go through the same thing Kerri did. Get those clothes off. NOW!”

Jessica shook her head rapidly. “Mom, no. Please. You can’t.”

“NOW!” Mrs Lang yelled.

Jessica tried to run, but Mrs Lang grabbed her and pulled her gown off. Underneath, Jessica had on a lot of layers. Mrs Lang pulled off the dress which exposed spanx and what looked like a corset and an odd looking bra. Mrs Lang pulled the spanx down and undid the corset. Jessica’s stomach bulged out in a beer belly manner and then when the spanx came down, a frilly pair of pink underwear was exposed.

Mrs Lang pulled the underwear off exposing Jessica’s completely bald lower half. Her bra was then pulled off and to my surprise, padding came out, the very thing Jessica had mocked me for.

My eyes widened as Jessica was completely flat, well almost. There was a tiny little ant hill mound but that was it. She was smaller than me. And then Mrs Lang tore off Jessica’s heels which must have been stuffed with insoles or something as Jessica shrank at least a foot in height. Originally probably 5’5” at least, she now stood shorter than me at 4’8” (I was 5’1”).

Everyone was shocked at this reveal as Jessica was a complete fake. “Now,” Mrs Lang said as she reached into Jessica’s bag and pulled out one of the phallic objects and handed it to me. “Kerri, why don’t you do the honors.”

I stared at Jessica, and then the penis in my hand. Jessica ruined my life. She made me lose my position as valedictorian, was rejected from every college only to force me to attend some unknown local college, and wanted to humiliate me in front of the whole world.

But then, I sighed and threw the dick down on the floor. “I said that’s enough,” I said. “I’m done with this. I’ll see you at college, Jessica.”

I walked off the stage, grabbed my diploma, and left.

