Another sleepless night spent coping with Jayne's raging delirium is almost too much to bear and by dawn Simon is packed and ready to make the journey, leaving a barely lucid Jayne with a large flask of soup, a smaller one of linctus and the last remaining bottle of aspirin.
"Promise me you'll take care of yourself," he says, sweeping the damp tendrils away from the man's forehead.

"You're the one-" Jayne gives in to another coughing fit. "You're the one going outside. I'm just-" He coughs again. "Laying here by the fire."

"Taking it easy as usual." Simon manages a vapid smile as he checks Jayne's blood pressure and temperature and feeds him a couple of pain killers washed down with some honey tea. "Bedpan's down by your right and there's a stack of firewood in the basket. Whatever you do don't let the range go out."

"I'll try."

"You'll do better than that." Simon presses his lips against dark wavy hair, breathing in sweat and sickness and something inherently 'Jayne' that makes him long to stay right where he is.

That gentle kiss is as much of an emotional goodbye as he can manage and pulling on a second pair of warmed thermal socks he pushes his feet into his army boots, doing the laces up as tightly as he can. With one extra sweater added at the last second he struggles to zip up the large waterproof hunting jacket that's way too big for him under normal circumstances, then tops his outfit off with a knitted hat, gloves and scarf.

"You're getting fat, Doc," wheezes Jayne, amusement momentarily lighting up his face.

"You're a one to talk, big guy." Simon just about manages to lean over without toppling and rubs a palm over the man's belly then sliding that hand upwards he squeezes Jayne's shoulder. That simple gesture always comforted him during the worst of times and he hopes that it'll do the same for the mercenary. "I'll see you," he says, picking up his heavily laden pack and opening the backdoor. If there's a reply forthcoming there's no way he'll ever hear it with the wind howling and the snow blowing in his face.

Slamming the door shut and checking that it's properly closed with the toe of a boot, Simon sets off in the direction of the track. At first he thinks he's walking through a drift, but every step is as hard as the last and finally it dawns on him that the laying snow is at least two and a half feet deep. It's going to take him an age to get to Gainsborough.

As he climbs the five bar gate and begins a slow trek, his mind wanders off on its own journey. He's thought so little about River since he's been here, pushing his vulnerable sister to the far recesses of his brain in order to stop himself from going mad with worry, but now that he's alone in this whiteout world he can't stop his imagination from working overtime. She's a lot better than she used to be and she knows which medications she needs to take on a regular basis to keep that stability intact. But suppose something goes wrong and she has a relapse? No one on the crew will know what to do. In fact the 'death' of her brother might well have been enough to push her over the edge.

Simon can't reflect on River any longer and he certainly can't bear to think of Jayne lying on the floor of that cold kitchen, slowly drowning in his own internal fluid. Instead he runs through mental lists of the medications which would be the most helpful. Intravenous antibiotics would be best but it's unlikely he'll find any of those seeing as he and Jayne burned the mall to the ground last month. His only hope is that the former occupants of the town have some leftover pills in their medicine cabinet. Simon hates the idea of ransacking dead people's houses--not that they'll care one way or another--but he'll do whatever he has to in order to keep Jayne alive.

The force of the wind is so strong it knocks him off his feet and he tumbles into a drift at the side of the track. Dragging himself to his feet, he unsheathes his knife and reaches for one of the overhanging branches, cutting it down and stripping off the twigs to make himself a sturdy walking stick. It helps a little, at very least keeping him standing, and as he continues on his journey Simon indulges in some positive self reflection. He and Jayne are different people now and, in Simon's opinion, it's a definite change for the better. He likes the new person he's become: more confident, more physical, far more relaxed. He likes the new Jayne even more. The man can still be uncouth and stubborn, but lurking beneath that thorny surface is a compassionate side which has thrown Simon completely. He doesn't want to fall in love with Jayne Cobb and yet he thinks it's inevitable. He's also pretty certain that the mercenary feels the same way about him. But suppose none of these emotions are real and it turns out that what they're both feeling is dependency rather than love. This is a sobering thought.

Stopping several times to huddle against tree trunks and sip warm soup from his flask, Simon eventually makes it to the outskirts of Gainsborough. He has no idea what the time is. Both he and Jayne picked up watches from the small mercantile, but neither of them ever bother to wear them. What does time matter when you have so much of it at hand? This makes him think about the tick-tick-ticking of Jayne's speeding heart beat and he lets out a howl of despair, the anguished sound coming as a shock to his own ears.

Gainsborough is unrecognisable: a wintry world from some long lost children's story. Luckily Simon has made a hundred visits to the place and isn't fooled by the glittering icicles and the untouched drifts of snow. He knows his way around.

The main area of habitation is to the south east side of town and Simon's relieved that he doesn't have to walk too much further. The muscles in his legs are seizing with the effort of walking through the thigh deep snow and he's not certain how much further he can make it without succumbing to hypothermia. Why didn't he think to pick up that damn watch? He needs to get back to Jayne before darkness falls and the days are very short at present.

Kicking open the door of a small one storey building, he barricades the entrance to keep as much of that vicious cold out as possible and then sets to, systematically ransacking the house. The living rooms contain nothing of worth. Whoever owned the house was an obsessive collector of kitsch trinkets and Simon clears the ornaments from the dresser with a frustrated sweep of his arm. The kitchen stinks from the remains of rotting food and a suspicious scratching noise tells Simon to keep well clear. He braves the filthy bathroom only to discover that the cabinet is empty of everything but hair colourant and a few tubes of unsavoury medication and he leaves the house immediately.

The next place is cleaner; however the telltale spatters of old blood convince Simon he doesn't want to hang around too long. The bathroom is spotless apart from a network of cobwebs and spiders, but the cabinet yields nothing and neither do either of the nightstands or drawers in the bedroom dresser.

Feeling more like a burglar than a desperate survivor, he breaks into four more residences, searching them thoroughly only to discover that again there's nothing useful contained within their walls, other than surgical tape and lint dressings.

Simon battles his way to yet another house, this one closer to town and far more impressive than the rest. Set back from the street it's surrounded by a large, walled yard and guarded by a pair of ornate iron gates which creak as they push insistently against the heaped up drifts. The main doors of the mansion are ajar, one of them hanging half off its hinges, a result of being left open during the storm force winds which have battered the town. Entering the entrance hall, Simon can just about make out an expanse of black and white marble tiles covered by an inch or so of snow. He hefts the doors back into a closed position, sliding the heavy duty bolts into their housings, then looks around the house, slightly awestruck at finding such a lavishly decorated place in a town the size of Gainsborough.

Simon's obviously not the first uninvited visitor to the place; whether it was Reavers or Jayne who've wreaked havoc here he's not entirely sure. Most of the antique furniture has been turned to splinters, the drapes puddle limply on the floor and a flurry of soggy paperwork indicates that this house belongs to Mayor Griffiths. Simon is starting to feel a bond of familiarity with this man despite never having laid eyes on him.

"Is that you?" he says, staring at a skewiff portrait hung above the fireplace. Bespectacled and shrewish, the subject peers myopically out from the frame, far from the rugged outdoors type Simon had imagined. To the man's right is a much younger woman, plain yet strangely appealing with pale blue eyes and a dreamy expression on her plump face. The mayor has his arm curled possessively around her waist and this, in conjunction with the large diamond that's weighing down her left hand, leads Simon to believe that she must be his wife. They're an odd looking couple, but certainly no odder than he and Jayne.

Thoughts of his ill lover focus Simon's concentration and he begins a thorough search of the house. The downstairs is a mess. There are signs of a violent struggle having taken place in the study, a wall safe is blown open and its contents removed, but once he reaches the second floor he discovers that the rooms appear untouched. Unimpressed by the elaborate antiques on display, the Reavers were obviously happy to walk away with a supply of so called food and whatever was contained in that lockbox.

The master suite is palatial. A four poster bed draped with deep blue brocade lies centrally in the room and a fire is laid ready in the grate, yet despite this luxury the room feels bleak. Simon hurriedly searches every nook and cranny, certain that a rich man would have some medication stashed somewhere, but unfortunately this isn't the case. The place is devoid of everything, including personality.

At the other end of the long corridor Simon discovers another lavish room. Mistress to the master, this one is homelier with a more lived in feel to it. Teeth chattering and the onset of hypothermia close at hand, Simon takes wood from the basket and lays a rough and ready fire in the grate, lighting it with trembling fingers. As the flame catches hold and smoke fills the room, Simon opens the flue and then remains crouched by the hearth, clutching Jayne's lighter to his chest like a talisman.

There's still some soup left in the flask and having swilled down the warm liquid Simon begins to feel slightly restored and he tinkers with the ornaments that decorate the fireplace. Whilst he's doing this he notices that one of the tiles is slightly out of place. Prizing it free with the tip of his knife he discovers a carved out niche containing a bundle of papers.

It's ironic, it really is. Simon stares in amazement at the pile of federal bank drafts in his hand, knowing that if fenced off wisely they'd be worth a small fortune to the crew of Serenity. Right now their value to him is zero, but regardless of this he stows them safely into one of the pockets of his backpack.

Along with the checks is a pile of letters bound with an elastic band. Scanning through them quickly, Simon deduces that Mrs Griffiths had been involved in a long lasting love affair with the town's federal official who had been embezzling funds from his own bank in order for them to be able to leave Gainsborough. How close had they come to escaping, wonders Simon.

One by one he burns their correspondence, reading with utter sorrow the final few letters which talk of a longed for baby and the desperate need to find passage away from this desolate place. Maybe that was when her lover sent her the bankers' drafts. Throwing the final piece of foolscap onto the fire, Simon thinks about the sadness contained in this household; peoples' lives interwoven and on the brink of change only to be ruthlessly destroyed by Reavers at the last minute. It's a heartbreaking story.

Georgia Griffiths' bathroom is filled with a display of perfume bottles and personal items and luckily her medicine cabinet turns out to be the treasure chest Simon has been looking for. Feverishly hunting though the bottles and vials, he finds half a dozen pill pots containing varying amounts of the same general penicillin and can't resist making this whoop of delight as he transfers every useful medication into a pocket of his bag.

"Thank you," he says, his voice a respectful murmur and as he restacks the containers onto the shelves he notices an array of fertility drugs amongst them. She must have been so happy to have finally conceived a child with someone she loved. Poor deluded woman.

Anxious to get back to the farm, Simon pulls on his gloves and hat then skids down the stairs and races out of the double doors, glad to be away from the miserable aura of a loveless, hopeless marriage that had ended in a cannibalistic massacre. Being here has made him realise exactly how much he has to lose.

The sky is darkening noticeably and uncertain whether this is due to a storm coming in the onset of night, Simon wraps his outer clothing tightly around him and heads out into the street. Disorientated for a moment, he takes a left turn towards town and it's only when passing the portico of the library that he notices he's gone wrong.

Angry with himself for this stupid mistake, Simon retraces his steps which are almost impossible to pick out now that the snow is falling ever more heavily. On the verge of a panic attack he stops and breathes deeply, knowing that if he doesn't pull himself together then Jayne has no chance of survival. Another decision has to be made. Would it be best to lay up here until morning or should he make the return journey now? Truly, it's a no brainer. He'd never forgive himself if he didn't do everything possible to get back to Jayne, even if that isn't the more rational of the two choices.

It's then that common sense prevails and he remembers seeing a selection of sporting goods at the mercantile. If bad winters are common in Gainsborough then they're bound to have skis. The store is only a couple of hundred yards out of his way and, charging down the street as fast as he can manage, he shoulder barges his way through the frozen door.

Thankfully he's proved right when, in an out of the way corner of the store, he spots a rack loaded with winter sports equipment. On the point of falling to his knees with relief, he hurriedly fits himself with boots then slips some thermal packs inside his jacket and sleeves for warmth. Stuffing a few extra heating packs into his bag he then stomps his way outside carrying skis and poles under his arm. He hasn't attempted this for years and even then it was only racing down an artificial slope. This is going to be a very different proposition.

It takes a while to get the hang of skiing on the flat, but eventually he finds his rhythm and begins to cover the ground far more quickly than he had been before. Crossing the town boundary, Simon heads eastwards up the track and as the final remnants of daylight meld with the falling snow, visibility diminishes to almost nothing.

Jayne's mentioned a few times that there are wolves living in the surrounding forest and yet Simon's never heard the baying until today. The howls echo amongst the trees, eerie and baleful, and he increases his pace, singing songs inside his head and making up lyrics that have long been forgotten. He hasn't been in the mood for listening to music for many years.

Dusk turns inescapably to night and, as expected, the temperature drops like a stone. Coming to a sudden stop, Simon takes off his backpack, reaching inside for the last of the heating packs then snapping them and sliding them inside his clothing. Transferring his pistol to a jacket pocket he wedges a flashlight precariously into the bindings of his left cuff and continues up the narrow track, dragging himself along by means of his ski poles.

No longer able to feel his feet, Simon struggles to keep going. There's an insidious voice inside his head which tells him that he'd feel so much better if he just stopped and napped for a while. He's so exhausted that it's a strong temptation to do exactly as that internal enemy suggests and in the end he's not certain whether it's thoughts of Jayne or fear of the approaching wolf pack that keeps him moving.

Just as he becomes certain that he's never going to make it back to the farm, he stumbles into that old five bar gate. "Thank god," he says, his breath turning to ice crystals in the freezing cold. "Not far now. Come on."

Every movement of his legs is agony. "Jayne," he says as he forces himself onwards. "Please be alive." It's part prayer, part sob and repeating the words over and over, he slides his skis across the icy ground and makes a final push for home.

He's not aware that he's reached the building until he collides with a brick wall. The lights aren't on and this pushes Simon to the furthest edge of panic. "Jayne." The handle is iced up and he rattles it helplessly, desperation turning to anger and then to terror. "Jayne."

Using every ounce of his less-than-substantial weight, Simon forces the door open and tumbles inside on an avalanche of snow. The warmth hits him like a wall of summer sun and for a moment he lies there, unable to move, unable to think, stunned at having made it back in one piece. Eventually he comes around enough to shovel snow outside and slam the door closed, then with an attack of shivers hitting him like a convulsion, he crawls through the darkness towards the makeshift bed at the far end of the room.

"Jayne?" Please, god let the man be okay. The silence petrifies Simon, stopping him dead in his tracks when he thinks of what it will feel like to reach out for that warm, solid body and feel nothing but ice. He can't do this alone. He's done.