A Friend In Need
by mseaking ©

My wife walked in from work and smiled at me.

"Come in with me while I change I have something I want to talk to you 
about."

I picked up my beer and fell in behind my wife watching her sweet ass move 
under her dress as she walked. I sat on the bed as she turned and started 
unbuttoning her blouse. She watched me as her blouse fell to the floor and 
her nipples came into view through her thin nude colored bra. She opened 
the front clasp and let it fall to the floor with her blouse. Again she 
was smiling as she lifted her breast and held them enjoying their new 
freedom. She unzipped her mid thigh length skirt and let it drop. Now 
standing in only pantyhose and two-inch heals she slipped on a T-shirt 
that had no sleeves in it so the armholes were pretty big. It fell to just 
about an inch above the bottom of her ass cheeks leaving most of her 
bottom exposed to me.

"Listen Beth has been having trouble with Tom and she is going to come by. 
She wanted to talk to me about it because she thinks that we have the same 
problem. It seams we have just about the same sex drive!"

"Oh that poor man!" I started laughing. 

She turned her back to me then bending at the waist she showed me her 
whole ass as she picked up her cloths. My dick started to grow as I 
watched her move over to the hamper and walk back to me.

"Come on she will be here any minuet! She was just going to stop and buy 
some beer."

"Are you going to let her in dressed like that?"

My dick jumped in my pants at the thought of my long legged wife showing 
off to her best friend like that. Her nipples were hard and I could see 
the brown color of them through her T-shirt. When she moved just right her 
breasts would move just enough to let me see the color change from skin to 
nipple through the big armholes in her top! I could see her close trimmed 
pubic hair and her hairless pussy lips through her pantyhose as she 
slipped up on a stool at the kitchen bar!

Terry looked at my hard dick pushing out my running shorts and smiled at 
me.

"I will put something more on to cover my self if you want me to, but she 
wanted to know what I do to keep you happy so I thought the best way would 
be to show her!"

"No you know it's ok with me if that's how you want to do it!"

Just then Beth knocked on the kitchen door and called to us, "Can I come 
in or is this a privet party."

Terry smiled big as she looked at my bulging herd cock! She spoke softly, 
"get behind the counter Sam!" then she called out to Beth, "Come on in 
Hun! We are just waiting for a cold beer!"

Beth came into the kitchen and her eyes went right to Terry's legs. She 
handed me the drinks over the counter and pulled out a stool and set 
across from my wife. I gave them both a beer and opened one for my self as 
I watched Becky let her eyes run over Terry's almost exposed body! I could 
feel my self-dripping in my shorts as I watched the two girls! God this 
was hot!

"Ok Beth honey what's going on and how can I help?"

Beth kind of looked at me and then back to Terry, "Well Tom wants to fuck 
five times a week! I mean God he wants it all the time! I would be happy 
with once a week, hell I would be happy with once a month! You to have 
been married for a long time and I know you don't want it very often and 
that Sam wants it three times a day! I just want to know how you keep him 
happy and at home!"

With a shaking hand I took a drink of my beer. We had never talked to any 
one about our sex life and we tried hard not to let family or friends know 
what we did to get our selves off.

"Well I will tell you something's but if you tell any one or say any thing 
I will call you a lyre to your face and our long time friend ship will be 
over!"

"Well where do I start! Sam likes to look at me. He likes me to go out in 
not too much and he likes me to flash him. I like sex out side! I can 
really get off if we do it at the beach or in the boat or anywhere we 
might get caught. Because he gets me to do things for him he uses me in 
his fantasies and he takes care of his self a lot! Some times I help him 
and some times he just does it but I keep ding things that keep him home.

She slipped off the barstool letting us both have a good look at her nylon 
covered pussy! She did a slow turn and I almost come in my pants as I 
watched Beth looking at her!

"This is how I dress for him at home. I show off for him all the time and 
when we go out I show off for him then to. We do not go out to let other 
people see me but some times they do and we say well good for them. We 
don't let any one else touch me nor do we want them to. It's just for us 
and that's all!"

She slipped back up onto the stool and crossed her legs. Her little shirt 
just barely covered her pussy and her boobs moved on her chest as she 
settled back down! Terry smiled at me knowing I was hurting.



"Sam will you get me another beer?"

I stepped back from the counter and Beth's eyes dropped to my hard cock 
sticking out in front of me. I moved back giving them both a new beer as 
Terry started to talk again.

"You can see what it's doing to him for me to let you see me like this and 
later he or we will take care of him!"

Beth looked at me and smiled, "Well he does seem to be, um happy!"

You to work it out by your selves! I'm going to try to cool down!" 

I watched her eyes again drop to my hard dick as I went into the living 
room and set to try and keep my hands off my pecker thinking about Beth 
looking now at both of us!

Beth is about five foot six and is built like a brick shit house! I had 
never seen much more than a lot of thigh when she had on a dress and the 
only time I had seen her in a swimsuit it looked like it was made for her 
mother it covered so much of her! it even had a skirt! She looked to have 
a nice rack for sure and what I had seen of her leg they were grate!

I don't know how long I had been setting there thinking about them when 
they came walking into the room.

"Beth is going to go home now. She wanted to say good by!"

I was still hard and thought what the hell! I stood up and walked over to 
kiss her on the cheek as we walked to the door. She looked at my hard and 
smiled at me then turned to Terry.

"I will se you to marrow so we can go shopping! Good night there big boy!"

I slipped my hand over Terry's ass as we watched her walking away. "What's 
going to happen now?"

Terry pulled my dick out of the leg of my shorts and started to stoke me, 
"Well as soon as we help you out her we will have dinner and I will tell 
you all about it."

She pulled me a little fast end I started to soot off in her hand as she 
leaned in and kissed me!

"OH GOD TERRY HONNY! OHHHHHHHHHH"

"That's it give it to me honey!"

I was shaking as I finished off in her hand. She held me until I was done 
and then pulled me back into the kitchen. She cleaned me up and then 
washed her hand as she smiled at me.

"I think you are going to like this Sam! She wants to spend next week with 
us on the boat and around her so she can see what we do. Is that ok with 
you? I mean is it ok if we include her in our fun?"

"Well as long as you don't mind if I look at her to and as long as you 
make me feel like you just did I wouldn't care if you set the world on 
fire!

Stay tuned for part two, GOING TO SCHOOL! 

 
