Amy Traps and Strips Kirsty Part 1
Tue Aug 30, 2005 14:45
82.38.237.109

This first part sets the scene rather then has a lot of stripping and humiliation attached to it. In later parts Kirsty starts to get some of her own back on Amy some of the readers from my last story might notice that there are some similarities I have used some of my past experiences to help me on this.

******************

Big Mal Young was a music promotions manager he not only organised tours for up and coming young bands but he managed them as well. The brightest hope in his stable of talent wasn't just a local rock band but this band had a dynamite young singer named Kirsty Adams. Not only did Kirsty have a great voice she was able to sing anything from Rock ballads to driving heavy rock anthems. Mal once described her as a female version Jon Bon Jovi it seemed like she had the tonsils of Tarzan and the range of Jennifer Rush. He once remembered telling one of his associates that this girl could make Cyndi Lauper sound like Karen Carpenter not that he was knocking the late Karen Carpenter whose voice he loved. But Mal Young knew that a talent like this comes once in a lifetime he was also aware of how lucky he was to have found this girl. Mal felt torn as it was his daughter's 18th today he'd promised her that she would have a band of her own to manage but more importantly if it hadn't been for his daughter Amy he would never have come across Kirsty Adams.

Amy Young was feeling on top of the world today was her 18th Birthday and her Dad was about to give her own band to manage. This excited Amy on two counts the first and probably most important was that she was about to take charge the life of Kirsty Adams a former student at her school. Amy would never forget the day that Kirsty had humiliated her at school, during a gym class Amy had pulled Kirsty's shorts down in front of the whole as a practical joke. Kirsty just glared at the girl as she pulled them back up, after class nothing was aid but Amy had a feeling it wasn't over yet. She was right later on at lunch break Kirsty made her way over to where Amy and her friends were chatting.
"Can I help you?" Amy asked in a condescending manner.
Kirsty never said anything she simply lashed out at Amy's face splitting her nose then ripped her blouse open and pulled over her shoulders and down her arms effectively trapping them. The boys just moved back knowing they were going to see a lot more of Amy if they stayed out of it the girls seemed to be rooted to the spot.
"OK bitch you thought it was funny to show my body off now it's my turn." Kirsty then pulled at Amy's flimsy expensive lace bra revealing her boobs as soon as the air hit her nipples Amy felt them harden. "OH Amy what big nipples you have." Kirsty rolled one of them between her thumb and finger pinching it a little and watching as Amy flinched. Then she pulled Kirsty's skirt down as she did she warned Amy not to try and kick her or she'd grab a hand full of her pubic hair and wrench it out. Amy knew she was beaten and just hoped the humiliation would soon end so she could plan the demise of this bitch. After scoring a moral and a physical victory over Amy Kirsty left the hapless Amy in the middle of the school yard tied by her blouse. Her bra in tatters around her shoulders and her skirt and knickers looking like a puddle on the ground. It took a few seconds for some help to arrive and help Amy sort herself out and the rest of the day she had to tie her blouse as it had no buttons left which also made her ample bust show through the blouse. The rest of their school days were spent trying to avoid each other but that wasn't to be as Kirsty was a talented musician and had formed a rock band at school. It was Amy's Father Malcolm young or big Mal to those who knew him who had taken Kirsty's band under his wing.

Secondly the real money making was not just with the band but with Kirsty herself she was about to become a hot property as soon as she signed on the dotted line.
"Well baby today's the day you join the company and make the big decisions well some of them."
"Some of them?"
"I know how you feel about Kirsty Adams, but she's our biggest asset honey we can't let personal feelings get in the way of business."
"Daddy I got plans for that girl that will make her a multi-millionairess and us a hell of a lot richer."
As big Mal looked his daughter in the eye he noticed that there was a cold look in her eye but somehow he knew this was not just a personal vendetta.
"OK Honey give me the details of this wonderful plan you have for this girl."
"I'll tell you what Daddy I'll come over to your office at about 2.30 PM with all the details and then you tell me what you think." 

At 2:30 PM sharp Amy knocked on the door of her father's office.
"Hi Daddy can I come in?"
"Sure Honey now what's this great plan you have for Kirsty and her band?"
"Well it's not so much the band as it's Kirsty Dad you see she's going to be so big."
"Yeah Yeah Yeah I know that Baby but I want details."
"OK you know this project that Uncle Paul is working on in Oregon?"
"With the two Psychos yea I do what about it?"
"Well they seem to have run into a few problems right now Dad and CJ knows Uncle Paul pretty well she asked him if he knew of anyone who could launch the sale of some of these products in Europe."
"Products? what are you talking about Amy we're in the Rock business here." Mal was beginning to feel a little uneasy with this he'd heard from his brother Paul a little about what was going on but was unable to tell him too much.
"I know that Daddy but this here shower gel makes the skin as soft as that of a new born baby."
"Amy they all say that I don't have time for this."
Amy said no more but handed Mal the papers that Uncle Paul had sent her along with photos of this naked girl named Amanda. Mal turned to his computer and went to the website to his amazement everything added up he looked further into this and checked all the claims that had been made in the papers that Amy had shown him.
"I have some of that gel Daddy I want to use that on Kirsty not by trickery but I want her to be willing to do it."
Amy didn't have to say too much more she could see that she had caught her Father's imagination.
"Amy this is breaking some of the rules I mean Rock isn't about shower gels and beauty etc."
"I know what your thinking Daddy but lets just say we're re-writing the rules. Kirsty is still going to be wild Dad I mean she's going to be wearing nothing but a bikini or bra and knickers on stage or TV for a long time to come. Not only that but we only get a percentage from the products but other knock on products like personal clothing such as.."
"Bikini's and underwear are all ours right Honey?"
Amy just nodded at that moment she realised she had her Father on-board and Kirsty Adams fate was now sealed. 



Amy Traps and Strips Kirsty Part 2
Thu Sep 1, 2005 14:34
82.38.237.109

After her meeting with Mal her father Amy made her way to the hall where Kirsty and her band were rehearsing and trying a few new numbers. She just stood in the background watching and listening as they band went through their paces it always amazed her that Kirsty had such a great vocal range. She realised as well that her Father was right the real driving force, the talent behind the band really was Kirsty Adams. As she saw Kirsty playing bass guitar for one of the new numbers she had a marvellous idea develop in her mind for the following week. But right now she had to get Kirsty to sign on the dotted line then she could launch all the ideas she wanted on the other hand she also knew that Kirsty wasn't the kind of person who would give in so easily even after she'd signed up. As they finished that number the band took a break which gave Amy the chance to put the first part of her plan into action.
"That sounded great Kirsty did you write that one?"
"I wrote the lyrics but Kevin wrote the music."
"Look I know there's not a lot of love lost between us Kirsty but we need to talk about the contract."
"We signed for your Dad not you Amy."
"That's true Kirsty but if you read clause 3 it tells you that changes maybe made to accomadate interests thats both yours and ours. But you're right you have signed for my Dad's company but you now come under my management read this it's from Dad personally I've not opened it as you can see he's signed over the seal as he usually does."
Kirsty took the envelope from Amy and opened it sure enough there was the agreement that Kirsty would allow Amy to continue with their management.
"I'm not happy with this at all how do I know you have our best interests at heart Amy? Kirsty stormed.
"You don't Kirsty but you still signed a contract with us."
Amy knew that she'd pushed Kirsty almost too far but this was still part of her plan, Kirsty stormed off to the ladies. Amy allowed her a few moments then followed her in. After checking all the cubicles she noted they were alone which is just what Amy wanted. Amy went to the sinks and filled up a paper water bomb similar to the ones they made at school then threw it over the top of the door soaking Kirsty. By the time Kirsty had removed her now wet knickers Kirsty was back in the hall in her previous position a few moments later a flustered and angry Kirsty came out of the toilets (bathroom).
"Kirsty I want to run through that last number again I'm not happy with my rift." Kevin informed her.
"Is that a good idea Kevin Kirsty looks pretty upset to me I think she had some bad news from me earlier."
"I'll be fine. OK Kevin lets do it."
Couldn't be a better time Amy said to herself I can make her life a misery in the next 20 minutes she'll be about right for next step Amy thought to herself.

After a couple of minutes it was obvious that the vibrations from the bass guitar were getting to Kirsty's unprotected damp crotch. 'Wow nice job Kirsty good thing you play that damned bass so low.'
"I'm not sure you got the mix right Kevin I think Kirsty's bass is coming through too strong. You need more treble on your lead Kevin and a little less bass from Kirsty and Joel on rhythmn."
"Thanks Amy I was thinking the same lets start again."
So they started again Amy heard from Kirsty's voice that the vibes were getting to her a little more now. After the next few attempts at the song poor Kirsty was feeling so horny each time she plucked on that bass the vibrations seemed to target her clitoris. Amy was grinning as Kirsty was visibly sweating from being on the edge of an orgasm and was still trying to concentrate on getting the right balance to her voice as well.
"OK guys lets take one more break I think your just about there now I think poor Kirsty needs a drink as well." No one argued in fact they all seemed relieved by what she had just suggested. In fact Kirsty almost ran into the ladies no one but Amy had noticed this but Amy but the thing that pleased Amy all the more was that another female member of the management team was about to go into the toilets just after Kirsty.
"Hi Julie just wait a moment can you?"
Amy ran over to her she was pleased it was Julie as she had always considered Julie a good friend and wanted to bring her in on Kirsty's humiliation.
"Hi Amy happy 18th I hope you have a great day." She kissed Amy and hugged her.
"OH thank you Julie please I know this is going to sound strange but I need you to follow me on everything thats about to happen here." 
Julie gave Amy an odd look but agreed they then went into the toilets as Kirsty was beginning to come to her orgasm they looked at each other and burst out laughing. Amy then gave Julie a mischevious look and slowly took out a five pence coin and slowly opened the lock just as Kirsty sat on the toilet explode into an orgasm.

Kirsty had dashed into the nearest open cubilcle the last twenty minutes had really got her hormy and frustrated. Things only seemed to get worse after losing her knickers in that juvinile prank that someone had played she would lay odds that it was that bitch Amy Young. But sadly she had no proof of that by the time she got out Amy was still in the same place she was in before they had that exchange of words earlier over the contract. It only made things worse when Kevin decided that he wasn't happy with his rift in the last number they'd practiced then Amy Young was there again agreeing with him. Well that's not really fair she just made a statement but Kevin had thought the same thing himself. They had played that over and over agin all the time the vibrations were working on her crotch she was so wet by that time she could barely concentrate on singing. Luckily Amy seemed to think that Kirsty might be in need of a drink the one element that seems to be coming up all the time is that bitch Amy Young. She thought to herself but then Kirsty decided that she was going to do what she really needed now and that was to fet rid of this frustration. She gingerly fingered herself and played with her right nipple as she did so this felt so wrong but at that stage Kirsty didn't care less. In a few moments she was almost there this was going to be one mother of an orgasm she heard the door open to her horror. But at this stage there was no stopping it she was like an express train to stop now would be impossible Kirsty Adams knew she was about to orgasm to an unseen audiance. In the next fwe moments events were a total blur but Kirsty was vaguely aware of the door being opened just as she orgasmed as she had never done before.

"Well Kirsty was that good for you?"
"I wish I'd had a camera with me Amy no one will believe this."
Kirsty was doubled over both from the exhaustion of the experience as well as total humiliation.
"I don't think your in any condition to go through that song again Kirsty. So I'm going to bail you out of this on one condition it means a slightly new contract and a nice weekend in London." She then turned to Julie at this point she knew that Kirsty had no way out. "Julie I want you to fix a two night stop in London for me and Kirsty one room and a single bed. But I want a heated cot on the balcony just a sheet and no quilt."
"Got it and you want this when?"
"Tonight and tomorrow night I also want you to fix up Kirsty's Mum with an appointment with Dr Bowen as soon as possible."
"You know about my Mum?"
"Yes I do Kirsty while I think your a bitch I don't think for a moment it's your Mum's fault since your Dad left she's done a great job raising you on her own and I respect her for that."
"She had help from my brothers too she never raised me entirely on her own."
"Yeah that's when you were out of her control. Anyway you got three hours till we go to London we'll discuss the future there. I promise you if this all goes right we're all going to make more money then you can possibly imagine." 




Amy Traps and Strips Kirsty Part 3
Tue Sep 13, 2005 10:34
82.38.237.109

It was three hours later that Amy found herself waiting outside Kirsty's home in the car ready to go to London. Julie had been as good as her word she'd set up the hotel room and the appointment for Sharon Adams the following week. Amy in fact had made sure that the appointment card was hand delivered to her an hour or so before she had more then a vague idea that Sharon would be very reluctant to accept the appointment. This was confirmed when she saw Kirsty waving to her from the front of the house, it wasn't a particularly great house but it was an OK type of house. Amy sighes as she got out of the car and made her way up to the house she had to admit she was impressed by the garden it was well laid out and was attractive. It was obvious that Sharon Adams herself had tended the garden although it looked professional there was no way she could afford a gardener to do that. But then given her medical condition she wouldn't be able to carry on tending it without medical help Amy decided this may be the handle she needed.
"My Mum wants to speak with you seems she's not happy with your 'gift' to her." Kirsty sneered.
"Yeah I figured it might be something like that it's going to be in all our best interests for her to accept it though Kirsty."
"This is one of those few occassions I actually agree with you Amy." As she said that Kirsty showed Amy the way in as she entered Amy noted that the house was clean and well kept but the furnishing was old and sparse.
"Hello Amy I know you and Kirsty have a fun weekend planned but I needed to speak to you."
Amy almost laughed out as she saw Kirsty roll her eyes at her Mother's remark it was odd how Sharon Adams never seemed to realise that they hated each other. Kirsty needless to say was standing behind her Mother so Sharon Adams had no idea what was happening, Amy was never really certain of the Mother/daughter relationship between them. 
"We can always make time for you Mrs Adams." As Amy said this Kirsty made out she was pushing her fingers down her throat this made Amy smile.
"Kirsty Adams you pull another face behind my back and I'll paddle your behind for you, don't think I'm not capable of still putting you over my knee young lady."
Amy looked as Kirsty glowered at her. 'MMMMM another interesting point to remember this is becoming an interesting visit.' Amy thought.
"What is the problem Mrs Adams?"
"For a start Amy Young I think your quite old enough to drop the Mrs Adams and call me Sharon now."
"OK thank you I will what's the problem Sharon?"
"This Doctor's Appointment is the problem!"
"In what way are you unable to make it at that time?"
"I think you know what I mean Amy I don't think I can accept this I know you mean well but I think your Father has been kind enough in many other ways."
"Well for one thing Sharon it wasn't from Dad it was from me I'm responsible for Kirsty and the band now. Although I did have to have Dad's approval on it but he was delighted about it we all agree that it's a good investment all round."
Sharon Adams looked dumbfounded for a moment she never expected this girl no older then her own daughter making decisions like this.
"Your father Mal takes on Kirsty's band and supports and encourages her little hobby. How can I be a good investment to you then Amy? Now you have me puzzzled to say the least."
"Well Sharon that's a good question let me explain how. First of all Kirsty's little hobby is about to come to fruition we believe that Kirsty is set to be a massive star. The band is just average but Kirsty is the real talent she's the driving force and she's the one who will make it happen."
"Kirsty? My little Kirsty? That can't be I mean she has a good voice and I'm proud of her but I'm sorry I can't see it."
"We got a big tour planned in a couple of months Sharon this is where the real money's made not on recording contracts. So we need her focused on her performance we need her to know that your in capable hands. Sharon I promise you that Kirsty is going to make a lot of money we need her to be worry free."
"Yes Mum that's part of the reason I'm going to London to finalise a few things right Amy?"
Amy walked over to Kirsty this was what she hoped for a united front with Kirsty. The two of them managed to prsuade Sharon Adams that this was the best course of action to take so with reluctance Sharon accepted the appointment.

An hour later the two girls were in Amy's car on the way to London neither really spoke that much despite their unhloy alliance with Sharon Adams. 
"What underwear are you wearing?"
"As in colour or style?"
"Erm both I guess Kirsty."
"Black thong style knickers and a half cup bra. An you?"
"I like to go commando but I got a white underwire bra."
"An you go commando all the time?"
"Pretty much all the time yea."
"And I guess Daddy don't know about this." Kirsty giggled.
"Hell no I daren't tell him."
Both girls laughed Kirsty would never have imagined this of her nemesis before the whole situation seemed perverse she realised.
"Why are we talking like this Amy? I think it's clear we're never going to get along."
"I'll be honest with you Kirsty I hope we never do because as long as things continue like this our relationship is going to work just fine."
"Meaning?"
"One upmanship Kirsty, it's a good healthy Rock and Roll relationship look at Lennon and McCartney, The Gallaghers and Simon and Garfunkel to name a few."
"The Gallaghers are just arse holes."
"Maybe but many would disagree with that. As much as either of us hate to admit it Kirsty I need you as much as you need me I hope that the rivalry between us continues. There are two reasons your here this weekend the first is this discussion and the knowledge I can work with you the disagreement your Mum had shows we can work together."
"the second reason?"
"AHH yeah your really going to dislike that one but I want you to know that I'm open to be got back at."
"Now I'm puzzled you want me to get back at you?"
"Yep I think you'll need to get back at me for what I'm going to put you through but this is just you an me no one else OK?"
Kirsty looked confused.
"Open the glove compartment Kirsty and take out the shower gel i want you to use half tonight and half tomorrow night but dont get any on your hair."
Kirsty gave her a puzzled look but Amy never responded. It was a short while later they got to the hotel Amy parked the car and both girls got out collected thier cases from the boot (trunk).
"You know Kirsty one of the two big advantages I have with going commando is I don't have to worry about tucking my skirt in my knickers."
"Yea I see that would be an advantage avoids a lot of embarrassment. But what is the second?"
"Ill show you shortly Kirsty."
They made their way from the hotel underground car park into the hotel as they entered the hotel Amy handed Kirsty her case so she could sign the register. Amy stopped a moment to take out her pen and small olive oil bottle with a dropper which she slipped into her handbag (purse). As she caught up with Kirsty, Amy slipped her hand to Kirsty's waist and pulled on her knickers giving her a painful back wedgie. There was little Kirsty could do but persevere with it the small walk to the reception desk there were one or two people around but not close enough to see what was going on.
"Advantage number two." Grinned Amy.
"Bitch I'll get you for that." It was painful for Kirsty as she was still on tippy toes Amy still hadn't let go.
As Amy was signing the register Kirsty struck back undoing her bra so as she stood up it just hung loose in her blouse this caused Amy's nipples to stand out and an embarrassed Amy to take her bra off in public.

After signing in Kirsty took her own case and left Amy with her own case to deal with as well as carry her own bra through the reception area.
"A fast payback Kirsty but I'm not finished yet." Amy threatened.
Kirsty made sure that Amy remained in front of her as she removed her knickers and slipped them into her handbag.
Amy smiled to herself this is what she hoped would happen the thing that Kirsty never realised was that their room was right at the top of the hotel. The next floor was the restaurant and a lot of people had just finished dinner and were going back to their rooms. In short it pushe Amy and Kirsty closer together Amy made sure that she positioned herself behind Kirsty. She slowly hoisted Kirsty's skirt then took out the bottle of olive oil out of her bag taking the dropper she squeezed a couple of drops of cold oil down Kirsty's butt crack. It took all her will not to gasp as the cool liquid found it's way down she dropped a couple more knowing it would be difficult for Kirsty not to let it go no further.
"It's olive oil Kirsty so it's going to get thinner as it gets warmer sweetie."
The lift seemed to take it's time as it got nearer to the top of the hotel all the while poor Kirsty was struggling hard to stop the oil from flowing down her legs. At last they got there the lift stopped and poor Kirsty almost run to the room if anyone had seen her they would have thought she was beginning to wet herself as the oil was now in view. Amy took her time getting to the door and made a fuss of finding the key one or two people passed by giving Kirsty some odd looks. 

Amy Traps and Strips Kirsty Part 4
Tue Sep 13, 2005 13:48
82.38.237.109

After getting in the room both girls started to giggle neither could believe what they had both just done.
"I've neer done anything like that in my life well except at school but that was payback."
"And none of that was?"
"Well Kirsty that's how life is going to be from now on."
"You really mean it this is just you an me?"
"Yea I don't go running to Daddy and you don't go running to Mummy although I have to be honest Kirsty you will be getting the worst of it."
"In your dreams."
"No Kirsty I mean it you're going to be launching a new beauty product as well that's the shower gel you saw in the car."
It was plain that Kirsty never knew what Amy meant but that never bothered Amy in the least she'd soon find out. As Kirsty looked around she noticed one or two oddities about the room but never mentioned anything at this stage. Amy ordered a dinner to be brought up to them in the room then she started to unpack some of the things she had in her case. Kirsty was in fact in the bathroom getting a shower she had made sure she put on the shower cap as Amy had instructed her to do so. Kirsty made sure she used half the bottle as well leaving the other half for tomorrow night she had no idea of what Amy had planned for this weekend only that it would set a few ground rules for the future.

By the time Kirsty had finished showering it was pretty late the dinner had been brought up.
"OH just in time to eat Kirsty I hope you don't mind I ordered for you."
"Well as long as it beats a Big Mac and Fries Amy that's all I usually eat when we're on a gig."
"Well Kirsty those days are over now I need you to eat a proper balanced diet now we got a special new image for you."
"And you still want me to be taken as a serious Rock and Roll artist?"
"Kirsty we're going to re-write the rules for you your still gonna be big bad an wild but you're gonna have a slightly different image." Kirsty looked doubtful at Amy. "You have to trust me on this Kirsty that's why I need to be more vulnerable to you an you need to get back at me more then a usual manager."
"Your Dad knows of this?"
"Most of it not all of it he'll hate the reutation I'm going to have to pick up for a while but as needs must I'm going to have to do it. We're both in this right up to our tits Kirsty but it's gonna be quite a roller coaster ride."
With that both girls ate their dinner Kirsty felt a little vulnerable just sat in a towel while Amy was sat fully dressed.
"I don't know about you Kirsty but I'm tired and I need my beauty sleep we got a long day again tomorrow."
As she said this Amy got up and made her way to the only bed in the room Kirsty was looking puzzled as she wondered where she was going to sleep.
"Where do I sleep?"
"AHHH yea I forgot to tell you Kirsty but this is part of your treatment this weekend."
"My treatment? Am I sick or something?"
"No of course not but for this Shower Gel application to work you need to sleep outside for the next couple of night."
"And if it rains?"
"You get wet. Look don't worry it won't rain and besides your on a balcony and pretty well covered."
"We're on the top floor."
"Kirsty there's a gazebo there you wont get wet it wont rain."
"It's going to be damned cold."
"That much is true but I got you a heated cot you'll be warm enough this has been done before in colder tempretures then this."
For some unknown reason Kirsty went along with it she wasn't to know but while she was in the shower Amy had applied some strong sedatives to her drink and kirsty was now feeling the effects of them. She walked out onto the balcony feeling unsure of herself she was now feeling a little woozy so much so she never felt Amy pull the towel off her she was now stark naked and never even realized it. Amy watched and smiled to herself as Kirsty made her way to the warm cot and curled up in it and was soon asleep. It took Amy much longer to get to sleep as she was excited about all she was going to do to Kirsty but felt as excited about Kirsty getting her payback as well. The last thing that Amy remembered was congratulating herself for the olive oil trick it was great watching poor Kirsty suffering especially when the oil oozed down her leg. She would also never forget the look on that couples face when they saw it nor will she forget the embarrassment of having to take off her bra in the main lobby. Amy wasn't a lesbian but she found it amusing to see people trying hard not to humiliate themselves the best part came when they realised it was too late.

Kirsty was surprised she had slept so well and was even more surprised to see a fully dressed Amy trying to wake her up.
"Come on sleepy head we got a lot to do today."
"I need to pee before I do anything Amy unless you want a puddle on the floor."
"EEEEEEEWWWWWWWW no I'll give that a miss go on Kirsty before you wet yourself" Amy laughed. I wonder if that sedative had that effect on her I'll have to watch out for that we don't want any accidents here. Amy thought to herself but it was fun watching her run, a few minutes later Kirsty came out of the bathroom she'd had a shower although she hadn't used the last of the shower gel yet Kirsty did notice that some of her pubic hair was looking a little thin. She decided the time wasn't right to say anything just yet but she did comment on how nice her skin looked.
"That stuff really seems to work Kirsty your skin even feels a little softer."
"Yeah I thought that too Amy but seems a little odd it happened this quick I think it's just that I just washed thats all."
"Yeah your probably right Kirsty."
Amy giggled to herself 'Just wait till you start to put something on an see how the material feels against your skin.' Although Amy knew that Kirsty would be able to wear clothes with her skin being so soft the clothes would almost certainly have a 'new' feel to them.
This morning they both went down for breakfast rather then have breakfast in their room.
"Going commando again Amy?"
"No a little too cold today Kirsty but who knows by the end of the day."
They both giggled loudly attracting a little too much attention for their liking. Kirsty surprised herself going for the full English Breakfast rather then the continental breakfast.
"It's OK Kirsty the company's paying. In fact I'm feeling hungry myself I'll join you." 
This made Kirsty feel a little better it seemed weird here she was spending and enjoying a weekend with a girl she thought she absolutely loathed. After breakfast they went out to Oxford Street to do some shopping the whole morning seemed to fly by in no time at all it seems to be lunch time.
"As I don't want Dad to get too pissy with me I think we'd best eat at MacDonalds for lunch is that OK?"
"Yeah that's fine Amy I can slum it if you can."
So lunch was at MacDonalds at Marble Arch it wasn't too warm so they both sat inside. Kirsty noticed that Amy seemed a little distant so took advantage of it by slipping afwe ice cubes down Amy's cleavage.
"OHHHHHHHHHH you cow! I'll get you back for that." she squealed as she was suddenly brought back to earth.
"All's fair in love and war. That was for the olive oil last night incidently at least it was only down your bra."
It was at that moment a manager came over and asked them to leave and not bother coming back.
"Well Kirsty I've never been banned from a MacDonalds before."
"Nope me neither I think that has to be a first in most people's books."

The afternoon was spent buying a variety of bikinis and various types of underwear in Kirsty's size. Much of it was bought without Kirsty's knowledge this had to be or she would have smelt a rat and this was the last thing that Amy wanted right now. As they finally finished they got a cab back to the hotel just in time for dinner at Amy's suggestion they had dinner in the restaurant. Once again Amy made sure that a sedative was added to Kirsty's drink it's a good thing it was only a house wine the last thing Amy wanted was to have Kirsty carried back to the room. As dinner was over they made their way back to the room Kirsty was sure that Amy would try to get her back for the ice down her cleavage. The truth was that Amy was planning jst that but not in the middle of the restaurant she was much more cunning then that. As they fot into the lift Amy unzipped Kirsty's skirt which fell to the floor the poor girl was so woozy she had no idea what was happening at all. Much to Amy's delight Kirsty had decided to go commando for dinner. Amy made no attempt to take off her top as this was pretty short and was actually showing off kirsty's lower half beautifully. Amy was deligted that there were so many cameras flashing all over the place if Kirsty saw any of these she would be devastated. With a little help Amy managed to get Kirsty showered and the last part of the shower gel was finally used up Kirsty Adams would never be quite the same again. That night Amy helped Kirsty to bed she spent another night naked on the balcony up to now everything had gone to plan better then she hoped. But things were soon going to change for both girls only Amy Young was aware of this but it still excited her.




Amy Traps and Strips Kirsty Part 5
Sat Sep 17, 2005 07:51
82.38.237.109

The next morning Amy was awake early and looked out on the balcony to see Kirsty still asleep. Amy took the time to shower and dress this was going to be a great day for the both of them. Noticing Kirsty was still asleep Amy made her way out onto the balcony to wake Kirsty up but then thought better of it if she waited a little longer a few more people might get to see poor Kirsty in the buff. Amy always knew that this was a power trip for her but in a strange way even Kirsty paying her back seemes to excite Amy as well although she swore she would never allow herself to be in the same situationas Kirsty. At last about an hour later Kirsty started to wake up then to Amy's delight she saw a look of horror on Kirsty's face as she looked over to where Kirsty was looking. There were several people on other balconys although they couldn't see Kirsty at that time as soon as she stood up poor Kirsty would be seen by all of them. It was then that Amy decided to make her move and have a little fun at Kirsty's expense Amy wondered if any of those people on the balconys had been taking pictures the night before. Then Amy opened the door onto the balcony a few people stopped talking and looked over to their balcony.
"Good Morning." Amy said brightly to some of the observers Kirsty heard a few return her greeting some said how cold it was.
"You don't have to tell me it's cold I know." Kirsty grumbled it was quiet so only Amy heard it. Amy looked down and smiled Kirsty in fact from the look of her Kirsty was desperate to pee Amy then had a simply wicked idea spring to mind. She ignored Kirsty for a few minutes and talked to some of the other hotel guests knowing full well that if Kirsty tried to stand up she'd be noticed. After a couple of minutes it was pretty clear that Kirsty wouldn't last much longer and no way would she make it to the bathroom. In the corner of the balcony was a small bowl what it's purpose was is anyones guess but it was all there was out there. Amy looked over at the bowl and grinned Kirsty looked horrified at what Amy was suggesting but realising she had little choice Kirsty kept low and got over to the bowl. Amy smiled as Kirsty squatted over the bowl then finally released her bladder Kirsty's face was crimson as she peed into the bowl.
"Do you hear that?" Kirsty heard someone, it sounded like a female voice ask Amy.
"Erm yea sounds kinda weird almost like someone peeing into a bucket or something." Amy replied.
"I wouldn't have been that precise." Came the female voice. "But whoever did that has to be really sick to want to pee on a balcony. It has to be on a balcony for us to hear it."
"I agree with you entirely I can't imagine anyone that sick to do that."
Kirsty was fuming now not only had she been humiliated like this but now Amy was rubbing her nose in it. Then she had an idea and snuck back into the room without being seen she could at least get dressed now. She closed and locked the door as she went in it never bothered Amy in the least as she'd hidden all Kirsty's clothes. A few minutes later she heard the door unlock and open and heard everyone gasp as a naked Kirsty walked out.
"OH Amy darling that was very naughty of you to hide my clothes why not just say you want to seduce me again." As she said this Kirsty started to fondle the shocked Amy's boobs then she slowly started to unbutton her blouse. Amy got her thoughts together just as Kirsty was slipping her blouse off she grabbed Kirsty and ran back into the room.
"YOU COW! that was evil."
"And what you did was OK?"
"You do realise that we're going to be the talk of this hotel for months now don't you? I shall never be able to look them in the eye again after this. Now you better go shower or I might be tempted to seduce you that stuff works great."
Kirsty noticed the difference for the first time her skin felt as soft as silk and she had no pubic hair at all.

A few minutes later Kirsty came out of the shower still wet but wearing a towel now.
"OK Kirsty lets take a good look at you now and I mean everything I want to see just how much of a difference this stuff makes."
"You mean you never knew how much this stuff would affect me?"
"Well yes and no I mean I knew it was good but wow you feel like silk Kirsty it's going to be hard for anyone to keep their hands off you."
"What have you done to me Amy? I feel like some kinda guinea pig in a sick experiment."
"Calm down Kirsty you're every woman's dream you got skin like silk this also slows down the ageing process."
"OK I can live with that up to a point so when does it wear off and when does my erm you know er..."
"You mean pubic hair come back?"
"Yea that's what I meant."
"It don't I'm afraid Kirsty that's why I told you not to get it on your head in fact I made you wear a shower cap remember?"
Kirsty was looking and feeling very bewildered at this point which pleased Amy no end. She took great delight in feeling, touching, squeezing and rubbing Kirsty all over especially down her spinal region. Amy remembered Kirsty telling someone at school that her back was really sensitive and with Kirsty in this position and situation she was unable to ressist.
"Amy please I'd rather you didn't do that."
"What rub and stroke your back Kirsty?"
"MMMMMMMMMMM it has an unusual effect on me."
"YEA I know Kirsty it makes me randy (horny) as well." Amy continued for a few more seconds then slapped Kirsty's backside bringing her round quickly. "I don't know about you but it's breakfast time and I'm starving. Tell you what Kirsty to save time just slip on that top of mine and those cut off shorts of yours."
"People will stare though."
"Hell Kirsty after what you did and said on that balcony a little while ago they're going to stare anyway."
They both giggled as they recalled the incident then Kirsty got dressed and they went down to the first floor where the restaurant was situated for breakfast. As soon as they got into the restaurant eyes were watching them and tongues were wagging particularly at Kirsty's shorts. The two of them giggled and teased each other much to the obvious disgust of the other diners. But much to Amy's delight and to Kirsty's embarrassment her nipples started to stick through the top and there was no hiding this situation.
"WOW Kirsty they could cut glass their that pointed gosh girl you are pleased to see me they're almost poking my eyes out."




Amy Traps and Strips Kirsty Part 6
Fri Nov 25, 2005 14:26
82.47.216.7

Well the weekend was about over now both Amy and Kirsty were on their way back although not back home the two were on their way to Leeds to start the tour. The rest of the band were meeting them at Leeds later on that day the other guys in the band would stay on the bus but the two girls would stop at a hotel at least for tonight. Amy was unsure why her Dad had decided to start the tour this far North but there it was the decision had been made. Kirsty had hardly said a word since they left the hotel in London at first Amy was a little concerned about it. But then she realiased that things had changed an awful lot in the last forty eight hours and the fact that their lives would never be the same again after this.

Meanwhile Kirsty was struggling to keep her concentration going Amy had pulled the rug right out from under her this time. During the trip to London the passenger seat had just had an ordinary seat cover over it and Kirsty had found this nice and comfortable she had in fact dozed quite nicely on it making the journey all the more pleasurable. At some point during the weekend Amy had swapped the seat cover for one of those beaded ones and in Kirsty's present condition this was turning into a nightmare for her. But at least it wont be so bad when we get onto the Motorway (Freeway) then the road would be smoother with less stops and starts. However, although the Motorway was a lot smoother then the other roads there still seemed to be a lot of ridges in the road from recent roadworks. Wether it was deliberate or not Amy seemed to be finding all the ridges and dips in the road all to Kirsty's constant discomfort.

"A penny for them."
"What?"
"A penny for your thoughts Kirsty my Mum always says that when I'm quiet."
"You mean your quiet sometimes?"
"Yea but I try not to make a habit of it people may expect it all the time."
"I know my Mum would she's always though I talked too much."
"Well Mother knows best Kirsty."
"Another saying by your Mother?"
"Don't your Mum have any strange sayings?"
"The main saying she says is keep that damned noise down." They both laughed then Kirsty continued. "But that was when we were rehearsing in the garage. She never has liked Rock music she always preferred Soul music."
"Yeah I can picture her liking that she's got a sentimental side to her."
Kirsty noted that Amy said it in almost admiring tone of voice.
"Yea you made it quite clear you prefer her to me when we were back home just before we went to London."
"Lets be Frank shall we?"
Kirsty simply nodded.
"You and me are too much alike to get on that well Kirsty but I do admire your Mum she did a great job in raising you. That's the main reason we helped her out Kirsty yea it does have a positive point with you being away. But don't you dare believe for a minute this is all because of you. As a performer you got a great talent and we're all going to make a hell of a lot of money but your Mum deserves better."
Kirsty felt like she could have kicked herself as she remembered that Amy had lost her Mother while she was still a child and had been raised by her aunt as well as her Dad when he was able.
"I guess you miss your Mum a lot Amy."
"Damned right I do if I could I'd swap all this money for half an hour with my Mum just to say normal things and even just talk to her."

There was a silence then for pretty much the next hour of the journey, Amy concentrated on the driving while Kirsty thought about her Mum and how she missed her. Kirsty reached down and stroked her bare leg it felt really weird it was so soft just like a baby's skin and the feeling of no body hair made her shiver a little. Her clothes did feel a little strange on her not heavy but kind of irritating she was wondering if it was the shower gel that Amy had given her causing this. But then she noticed that the movements of the car were slowly getting to her Kirsty just hoped that Amy wouldn't notice this and would get to Leeds as soon as possible.
"Kirsty I'm going to pull off at the next service station I don't know about you but I'm starving."
"Erm OK Amy if you must I'm not that hungry myself."
Amy smiled to herself she had realised why Kirsty had been so quiet it was while Kirsty was stroking her leg that she noticed a very small damp patch on Kirsty's shorts.
'WOW I bet this stuff is making her randy (horny) as well.' Amy thought to herself she then planned another little scheme to humiliate poor Kirsty again. Five minutes later they were pulling into a Motorway Service station. 'My little beaded friend is doing the job rather nicely.' Amy thought to herself.
"Right here we are Kirsty Lunch is on me." But you'll pay a price she thought to herself. As they got out the car amy saw to her great delight that Kirsty was just wearing the shorts and no knickers but what was more then that they were virtually see through as they were that wet with the car seat exciting Kirsty as they drove. Kirsty realised as soon as she got out the car what had happened she suddenly felt the cold air hit her backside (ass).
"You know this would happen you bitch." Kirsty spat out.
"Well lunch is on me Kirsty you have to give me credit for that."
They made their way to the cafeteria in the service station Kirsty heard the stifled laugter and even some of the crude remarks from some of the other travellers. Kirsty tried as hard as she could to maintain what little dignity she had after collecting a meal they found a table sadly it was at the far end so poor Kirsty had to go through all the cat calls yet again. But this time Kirsty had a plan she knew just how to get Amy back for this it would be childish but it would still cause her maximum humiliation as well. While Amy was paying for the meal Kirsty noticed that she had a spare pair of knickers in her handbag (purse)without Amy being aware Kirsty fished them out of the bag, took a pair of sciccers and simply cut the elastic.
"That's not going to bother me I told you I frequently go commando." Amy said with a smile as she just caught what Kirsty had done.
'I know Amy dear thats what I'm counting on.' Kirsty thought to herself as they walked over to the table. As they sat down Kirsty positioned herself directly opposite Amy nothing was said as they ate until Kirsty dropped her bottle of fruit shoot. (A squeezy type of bottle with a fruit drink in it). The next thing that Amy was aware of was when she felt a cold sticky drink being squirted between her legs and with it being an orange drink it was going to stain the white skirt she was wearing.
"People are going to think I pissed myself now!"
"I know. Revenge is a dish best served cold."
After eating both girls went back to the car although Kirsty was dry there was still a telltale stain and Amy well she was still soaking wet as they returned.




