Filename: FilthyPictures.txt
Title: Filthy Pictures
Author: Knickers
Universe: Nicola Adventures
Keywords: MF 1st oral exhib
Summary: Nicola's first ever nude photo shoot leads to another first.

Disclaimer: The following story contains sex scenes and 
rude words. It's fairly tame, and I'm pretty broad-
minded, but the decency laws in most states would 
require it not be read by persons under 18. Also, if you're 
offended by adult themes, you should probably leave now.



 More importantly, this tale features women presented as 
sexual objects. There is nothing wrong with this as they 
are only fictional characters. I urge readers, especially 
young males, to not regard real women in this way.



 This work is  2009 the author. Permission is granted to 
freely distribute, provided it is not altered in any way. It 
may not be posted to any website or included in any 
archive without the author's permission.



 There is no Nicola. All characters are fictitious. The 
situations are made-up. This is only a fantasy, and any 
similarity to real persons, events & institutions is pure 
coincidence.



 Filthy Pictures (MF 1st oral exhib)







 "Today, my sweet, you will be mine."



 Philip Thee grinned as he hugged the 8x12 photo 
portrait to his hairy chest. Nicola Baron, the Nicola 
Baron, was coming to his studio for a shoot.



 A nude shoot.



 Her first nude shoot ever.



 Who was Nicola Baron? Well, she wasn't exactly 
famous. But she was breathtakingly gorgeous. Shoulder-
length chestnut coloured hair. Skin so smooth and fine, 
deep blue eyes you could loose yourself in. When Nicola 
smiled, her whole face lit up. And a body... what a body! 
Large, natural breasts that jiggled with every movement. 
Slender figure, nice, round hips, and an ass you just 
wanted to lightly spank.



 Nicola was a model, one of the many in Melbourne but 
Phil had his eye especially on her, ever since he met her 
eight months ago at some function at GTV. Phil (OK, let's 
be honest, he's a two-bit bottom-feeding photog) was there 
in hopes of picking up some trashy picture of Eddie 
McGuire vomiting into a punchbowl. Nicola was one of 
the dazzling hostesses whose job was to serve drinks, 
nibbles and generally just look pretty.



 Except Nicola looked more than just pretty.



 She'd been wearing a low cut black cocktail dress that 
showed so much of her delectable cleavage it made her 
look like she was serving up her tits along with the food n 
booze. Perched on high heels, the hot little angel had 
pranced around the room, short skirt flicking around her 
thighs, boobs jiggling, giggling at every inane joke, smiling, 
and looking very tempting. Phil had fallen in love with 
her instantly. Or rather, fallen in lust.



 Within two minutes of meeting Nicola, Phil had asked 
her if she'd pose nude for him. He'd actually asked if 
she'd flash her boobs for a picture before he'd even asked 
her surname.



 Obviously, she'd said no. She was one of Margie Trevino's 
girls, and Margie never let her talent anywhere near Phil 
Thee. But whereas Phil was used to a NO!, usually 
punctuated with a slap, knee to the groin or (if she was a 
polite, well-brought up girl) a restraining order, 
something very different had happened at the end of the 
night, when Phil raised his camera and begged Nicola 
one last time to pose nude for him.



 "You will never," she smiled, her eyes sparkling like 
diamonds, "see me naked."



 And there was no malice, or spite or anger in her voice. 
Just a melodious teasing quality, as if Nicola wasn't 
stating a fact but challenging him to rise to the occasion.



 And so he did. Phil didn't exactly stalk Nicola. Not 
exactly. But they did bump into each other a few times. 
Media events, Melbourne Cup, fashion shows. Wherever 
there were hot models and sleazy photographers, Phil had 
managed to cross her path again and repeat his 
proposition. And every time Nicola would laugh that 
damnably sexy laugh and shake her pretty head. Once, 
Phil had even managed to get into a lingerie shoot, where 
he'd been lucky enough to catch sight of Nicola's 
fantastic rack wrapped in a gauzy wisp of chiffon. He 
swore he'd even seen a nipple. But, regrettably, Phil 
wasn't at the bottom end of the industry for nothing, and 
he'd come away from the encounter without so much as a 
Polaroid to remember it by.



 But his favourite photo of Nicola would always be that 
portrait of her he'd snapped that first night at GTV, 
caught at the very moment Nicola had almost dared him 
to somehow get her to strip for him.



 At least, it would remain his favourite photo of Nicola 
until he finally got one of her nude!



 At times he'd doubted himself. Even given up almost. 
Phil would lie on his bed, the picture propped up against 
his naked groin, sighing at the thought that this would be 
as close as he'd ever get his cock to that heavenly face. 
But all of sudden, out of the blue, an American agent 
called and booked Phil to shoot a nude spread of Nicola.



 What are the odds? That out of all the names in the 
Melbourne phone book, of all the great artists the city 
boasted, this Yank would happen to choose (seemingly at 
random), the cheap & nasty Phil Thee.



 Phil's heart was beating. The shoot was booked for 11 
am. It was two minutes to - and Nicola was known for 
her punctuality.



 Phil's studio was on the second floor overlooking 
Lonsdale Street. The downstairs buzzer rang. Phil wasn't 
usually this nervous, but then again he didn't usually get 
to see the girl of his dreams strip for him.



 A grimy finger flicked the intercomm. "Yes?" he asked, 
trying to sound cool.



 The line was crackly, but it could never disguise the 
angelic voice. "Hi! My name is Nicola, I'm here for a 
shoot with Mr. Thee?"



 Nicola asking for him for enough to set Phil's cock 
throbbing. "Erm, come right up, I'll let him know you're 
here." Then he sat back, waiting for his angel.



 Nicola breezed through the frontdoor of Phil's studio. 
When he saw what she was wearing, his eyes almost 
popped out of his head. He'd expected the model to show 
up dressed casually, as he'd seen her before, usually in a 
pair of jeans and a t-shirt. But this time Nicola, almost as 
if drawing out the tease, came wearing a very sexy little 
outfit.



 She was wearing a low cut black bustier that not only 
left the entire top half of her boobs bare, but sculpted her 
bosom so that Phil's gaze fell naturally upon her half-
naked chest. The bottom half of the garment only reached 
down to just beneath Nicola's navel, so that a thin strip of 
skin was tantalisingly visible just above her matching 
little black skirt that showed off her long, toned legs. Her 
adorable little feet were encased in a fashionable pair of 
open-toed black stilettos.



 As Nicola walked toward Phil, smiling, her body moved 
inside her clothes, the whole ensemble a symphony of 
teasing. Her boobs wobbled, as if about to pop free. Her 
stomach and belly-button flashed into view. And the 
skirt swished about her legs, offering glimpses of her 
naked thighs.



 "Phil! It's good to see you again!" she greeted him 
warmly.



 "Nicola! Looking gorgeous as always," he replied.



 Nicola stopped and performed a pirouette, turning her 
body so he could appreciate the view from all angles.



 "I have to say," said Phil, "I'm really surprised you 
booked a session with me. And for a nude shoot as well."



 Nicola laughed. "I know! Well, I've left Margie and 
gone to a new agent. He's going to get me a leg up in LA. 
But he reckons I need to 'spice up' my portfolio a bit." She 
punctuated this with a wink.



 "But why did he book me?" Phil asked, his mouth dry. 
Nicola shook her head. "Coincidence, I guess! I never told 
him about you, and I'm pretty sure Margie wouldn't."



 Phil stroked his chin. Christ, what a stroke of luck!



 Nicola shrugged her bare shoulders. "What a turnout, 
eh? Since the day I met you I've been saying you'll never 
see me naked, and now here I am to pose for my first 
session."



 "Speaking of which..." Phil produced a pen and a sheet of 
papers from his desk. "I need to get you to sign this 
release."



 "No worries!" Nicola replied, and in a flourish she 
scribbled her signature across the contract.



 Phil could feel the excitement rising in his chest. This 
was it! She was really going to go through with it! He had 
to be cool. He had to be professional. If he blew it, Nicola 
would be running out the door and he'd never get to see 
those heavenly tits. For the first time, Phil had to be all 
business or else this would all end with a slap from his 
dream girl and no nude photos.



 Trying to be as charming as possible, Phil directly the 
bubbly model through to his studio. It was little more 
than a dingy little back room, one corner of which had 
been crudely walled off to make a dressing room. Phil's 
photography equipment was scattered around, and a 
selection of outfits hung from a wheeled clotheshanger 
Phil had nicked from Target.



 "So where is everybody?" Nicola asked. "Wardrobe, hair, 
make-up, assistants?"



 A reasonable question, this!



 "Ah, well, yes..." Phil stammered. "I don't need a camera 
assistant. I mean, haha, what kind of cameraman can't 
load his own camera? And, uh, you don't mind doing 
your own hair and make-up, do you?"



 And for any young lady this should be a warning sign, 
the prospect of being alone and nude with a dodgy 
character like Phil Thee. But Nicola shook her head. "No 
that's fine," she replied with a sweet smile.



 God, she's so innocent! Phil groaned to himself. His gaze 
wandered down from Nicola's pretty face to her ample 
bosom. Naive, but with the body of a porn star. No, better 
than a porn star! Keeping up his professional facade was 
going to be tougher than he thought.



 "Um, we're gonna do a bikini shot. Did you bring a suit?"



 Nicola gave him a sultry look, and she stood before him 
with her hands on her hips, thrusting her cleavage in his 
direction. "Phil, I'm completely in your hands. I want 
you to tell me what you want me to wear - and what you 
don't want me to wear. My body is yours to do with 
whatever you want." Her lips curled into a seductive 
smirk. Phil swallowed. Was she teasing him?



 "OK, I've got some suits here..." Phil rummaged around 
amongst the clothes and came up with what looked like a 
few bits of pink material held together with a bit of string. 
He held it up, the bikini dangling from his fingers.



 Nicola's face lit up. "Oooh, it's so small! How cute! Is it 
an Antonio Barudi?"



 "I wish!" Phil replied. "Ah, no, not quite that expensive."



 Nicola reached out and took the bikini from Phil, her 
hand gently brushing against his own. Phil felt electricity 
coursing through his body at just the slightest touch from 
this angel. His eyes locked with Nicola's and for a 
moment nothing else existed in the universe. Then Nicola 
strung the swimsuit out between her fingers to admire it. 
"This is so hot," she breathed.



 Phil's jaw dropped at what happened next.



 Without batting an eyelid, Nicola unclasped the bustier 
and slipped it off, leaving the top half of her delectable 
body clad only in a lacy black half bra that barely 
covered her nipples, and (amazingly) exposed even more 
of her heaving bosom than the bustier did.



 "You - you - you," Phil stammered. Nicola paused, her 
hands on the skirt, her big blue eyes staring up at Phil, 
who eventually found his voice.



 "You can use the dressing room if you want."



 Nicola shrugged. "That's OK. It's quicker if I get 
changed out here, anyway." She undid the skirt and was 
just about to slide it down her legs when she paused and 
looked at Phil again. "You don't mind?"



 Phil gave a nervous laugh. "No, I don't mind at all. 
Haha, we're all professionals here. I mean you're a 
professional model, I'm a professional photographer."



 Nicola laughed as well, as she pushed the skirt down to 
the floor. She was clad now in nothing but the sexiest 
black pair of g-string knickers that left her butt all-but 
naked. Nicola was just reaching for the clasp on the bra 
when Phil realised he was staring at her. With a jerk, he 
turned away and walked over to his workbench to load a 
fresh roll of 35mm film into his camera.



 What the hell was going on!? Nicola was stripping for 
him before he'd even taken a single shot! Normally it was 
a mission to get his models to take their clothes off, but 
Nicola was raring to go straight away. What was her 
angle? Was she so naive? Was she teasing him? And 
what the hell was wrong him Phil himself? Normally he 
was Doctor Octopus in the studio, a very "hands on" artist 
who liked to get a good feel for his work. Now his dream 
girl was here, and it was all he could do to keep his 
camera from shaking.



 Phil stole a glance over his shoulder. Nicola had her 
back to him, she had the top half of the bikini on and was 
bending over to step into the bottoms. Phil stared 
hungrily at her naked ass, which didn't really get much 
less naked even when she had the bikini bottoms on and 
was sliding it into place between her butt-cheeks. Phil's 
cock was hard, it strained against the tight confines of his 
jeans. Absentmindedly, he rubbed his palm against his 
too-tight crotch.



 Finished dressing (or as "dressed" as one can be in a 
revealing bikini), Nicola turned and strode toward Phil, 
her heels clicking across the studio floor. It must've been 
obvious to her that Phil had been watching her change, 
but Nicola didn't seem in the slightest bit worried, her 
pretty smile never leaving her lips.



 "How's this?" she asked, posing with her hands on her 
hips, and turning a slow twirl. The tiny bikini clung her 
body, showing off the swell of her boobs, the curve of her 
stomach, the elegant line of her legs. Nicola's nipples were 
bullet-hard, little indentation in her bikini top.



 "You've got it tied too tight," Phil advised. He stepped 
behind her, reached out with his trembling hands, but 
then paused, his fingers millimetres from her bare flesh. 
"May I?" he asked.



 "Help yourself," Nicola replied with a saucy wiggle. 
Phil's fingers pecked at the knots at Nicola's neck and 
back that held the top together. As it came away Nicola 
grabbed the garment before it could fall completely off 
her body, and held it to her bosom although seemingly 
uncaring if her tits remained covered or not.



 "You've got to tie it a little loose," Phil explained. He 
was painfully aware that his breath was hot upon the 
bare nape of Nicola's neck. "If you tie it too tight, when 
you take it off it'll leave ugly marks across your chest." 
Phil gave the bikini string just a little slack and re-tied 
it. "Also, if you're shooting video, tying your top a little 
loose will put a great bounce into your boo- er, breasts 
when you move."



 He was acutely aware of how close he was to Nicola's 
bare body, his hands on her naked back, his raging hard-
on almost brushing against the perfect swell of Nicola's 
ass.



 "Thanks, Phil," Nicola replied in a breathless tone. "I 
really appreciate all you're doing for me."



 Phil swallowed. He allowed his hand to slide down her 
back, tracing a line down past her hips and over the right 
cheek of her bottom.



 Nicola giggled. "That tickles," she squealed and danced 
away.



 Phil shook his head. It was time to get some work done.



 He grabbed his camera and directed Nicola to stand in 
front of a white screen ringed by lights. For a while, their 
little game seemed to slip away and they at least gave the 
appearance of a professional photo shoot. Well, not quite. 
There was a slight difference between the kind of 
direction Phil Thee gave his subjects and the kind of 
direction a "real" photographer would.



 "Stand up straight."



 "Hands behind your head. Good, good. Run your fingers 
through your hair."



 "Push your boobs out. Excellent!"



 "Now a side shot. Hands on hips. Don't forget the tits, 
push 'em out. That's it, nice. Arch your back."



 "Front on again, sweetheart. Lean forward, give me 
cleavage. Give me a sexy look. Sexier. Sexier!"



 Nicola's lips formed a pout. "When do you want me to 
get naked?"



 Phil paused. Watching Nicola pose in the bikini hadn't 
done anything to stop his throbbing hard-on. Now it was 
time to make his fantasies come alive.



 "Yeah, reach behind and untie your top."



 Nicola stared at him with a sultry look. She bent forward 
slightly, flexing her body, left hand resting gently on her 
naked thigh as her right disappeared behind her back.



 Phil had never taken a better photo before in his life. The 
camera was rock steady in his hands, just a slight dutch 
tilt. His composition was perfect, his gorgeous, wanton 
subject framed just right. The lighting was excellent, an 
even key, fill and back illuminated every inch of Nicola's 
body. Phil's finger held the shutter on auto, rapid firing 
off a sequence of shots that he would treasure forever.



 There was just a slight twang as Nicola undid first one 
knot and then the other. The bikini top jerked forward 
slightly, revealing a single brown nipple, and then 
fluttered to the ground, baring Nicola's boobs.



 Phil's mouth watered. Nicola's tits! Real and in person, 
right in front of him. And they were more beautiful than 
he could've ever imagined. A good, firm size, bigger than 
he could cup in hands. Nipples, dark brown and very 
erect, as if begging him to suck on them.



 "Wow, nice tan," Phil complimented her. "Thanks," 
Nicola replied. Without her being directed, she placed 
both hands under her boobs and pushed them, offering 
them toward Phil's camera gaze. "I never expected you to 
sunbathe topless."



 An adorably coy smile slid across Nicola's face. "Well... 
I usually tan in a salon. But my new agent is 
encouraging me to sunbathe topless for real. He says it 
would be good for me to be out in public naked, or at 
least half naked. Get used to people seeing my bare boobs."



 Phil laughed. "Is that all it takes you get you topless? A 
little 'encouragement'?"



 "That and a new contract with a job offer in Hollywood," 
Nicola replied sweetly.



 Phil was grinning like an idiot. The camera was still 
snapping off shots, but all Phil could do was stare at her 
tits. "Play with them," he instructed.



 Without a murmur of complaint, Nicola obeyed. Her 
fingers slid up and over the swell of her bosom, thumb 
and forefingers clamping onto her nipples. Nicola gave 
herself a good tug, and for a moment she closed her eyes 
and let out a moan. Her fingers squeezed, and as Phil 
watched, her tender nubs puckered under this onslaught.



 Then he ran out of film. Phil let out a low whistle. 
"Wow, that was seriously hot. I gotta reload. Are you 
sure this is your first nude shoot?"



 "Yep," Nicola replied. "No-one but you has ever got me 
naked on camera before."



 Phil reluctantly dragged his gaze away from Nicola's 
breasts and went over to his bench to load another roll of 
film. Belatedly, he remembered that real pros usually 
have more than one camera and load them all 
beforehand, to minimise time wasted.



 Nicola relaxed slightly, but whether she was posing or 
just standing casual, she looked delectable wearing 
nothing but a skimpy hot-pink g-string bikini bottoms 
and black high-heel shoes. Idly, she played with her hair, 
running her fingers through her long, chestnut-coloured 
mane so that it flicked across her bare skin. The motion 
caused her tits to heave up and down.



 "I've got to hand it to you, Nicola, I've never met a 
model so relaxed on her first nude shoot before."



 She shrugged, causing her generous boobs to bounce. "It's 
really not that different to fashion modelling. Just stand 
her, look sexy. If anything it's easier, without any 
damned clothes getting in the way."



 "Well then," Phil grinned, as he locked his camera onto 
the tripod. "It's gonna get ever easier then. Time to lose 
those bikini bottoms!"



 Nicola playfully tugged at the knot on her hip, the one 
that held what was left of her swimsuit together. As she 
did so, she threw her photographer coquettish looks.



 "Oh yeah!" Phil enthused. "That's it, gorgeous. You're a 
naughty girl! You're a naughty girl who loves to get 
naked!"



 Slowly, painfully, the knot slithered undone. Nicola's 
bikini briefs slid down her thigh, baring her hip, but she 
teasingly kept it clasped against her crotch, as if 
protecting the last of her treasures to be laid bare.



 "Fantastic! Now tease me, baby, tease me, let me wonder 
if you're really gonna do it, I really wanna see you naked 
and you're not just ready to do that just yet, but you will, 
you horny little model, you wanna get naked for me!"



 Nicola giggled. She dropped her hand, and the pink slip 
of material dropped away, leaving the starlet completely 
nude.



 Phil's eager eyes feasting upon the sight of Nicola's bare 
crotch. She had evidently groomed herself for the occasion, 
trimming her pubic hair to form a neat brunette landing 
strip that framed her pussy lips.



 He fired off more shots, desperate to catch this moment 
on film forever, as if worried that at any moment Nicola 
might realise what she was doing and run squealing from 
his run-down studio. But the professional model did 
nothing of the sort: instead, she let out a sigh, sensuously 
rolled her head back and thrust her hips forward, as if 
inviting Phil to stick his camera right into her cunt.



 The resulting shots were a little "harder" than Phil had 
anticipated: Nicola's pussy lips were spread wide and her 
labia hung out like a drooling tongue. He'd intended to 
sell these photos to "The Picture", but it looks like he'd 
just have to keep these particular ones for his private 
collection.



 They ran through more poses, Phil reluctantly ordering 
Nicola to keep her cunt covered. They ran the whole 
gamut: Nicola shy, surprised, relaxed, and finally back to 
what she did best, sexy. By the time he had finished the 
second roll of film, Phil was sweating and his cock was 
still painfully hard in his pants.



 "Phew! Wow, Nicola, when I first asked you to pose 
nude for me, I never imagined you'd be this hot. You're 
the greatest model I've ever shot. Gorgeous face, fantastic 
body, first-class rack, the works!"



 Nicola made no move to get dressed, instead choosing to 
remain naked except for her heels. "You didn't ask me to 
pose for you, you begged me!"



 "Well, yeah," Phil replied sheepishly. "I guess there was 
some pleading involved."



 Nicola walked toward him, her shoes clicking against 
the floor. The sound reminded Phil of the night he first 
met her, when her shoes had made the same noise as she 
circulated through the party. She moved like she was 
gliding down the catwalk (which Phil had seen her do a 
number of times), swaying her hips seductively.



 Despite her total nudity, Nicola's face was a mask of 
concentration. "Phil, I need to apologise to you," she said 
in a low, husky voice.



 "Apologise? For what?"



 "I've treated you very badly. You made a simple request, 
expressed a simple desire to have me pose nude for you - 
and given that I am a model, it's a totally 
understandable request."



 "Yeah, I spose..."



 "And how did I react? I teased you, made fun of you. 
Phil, I've been a bad girl, and I really want to make it 
up to you."



 Nicola was staring at him with the sexiest pout 
imaginable. Phil still felt that agonising strain in his 
crotch. She reached out and gently caressed his face. Phil 
closed his eyes and let out a groan. He couldn't believe 
what was happening to him.



 The naked model gave him a gentle push, guiding him 
back towards the chair at his work bench. Phil collapsed 
back into it. Nicola knelt in front of him, trailing her 
fingers down his quivering body, pushing his knees apart 
and scooting between his thighs. It was all Phil could do 
but stare down at her, with a stupid grin on his face.



 "Phil, I need to ask you a favour."



 "Anything, anything you want," he whispered.



 Nicola pursed her lips, taking a moment to carefully 
consider her next words.



 "My new agent has told me that when I get to 
Hollywood, I'm probably going to have to give alot of 
blow-jobs. Apparently, the best way to get ahead is to 
give a little head. The problem is, Phil, I've never sucked 
a guy's cock before." She stared up at him, hands stroking 
his thigh, her blue eyes wide and imploring.



 "I would like to ask you, Phil Thee, if you would let me 
practise on you first. It's the least I can do, after the way 
that I treated you."



 Phil drew a sharp breath. Paydirt! In all his years as a 
sleazy photographer, he'd never met a model as drop-dead 
gorgeous as Nicola, and never had one of his subjects offer 
to practise her oral skill on his cock!



 "Oh, Nicola, baby," he groaned. "It's all yours, help 
yourself!"



 Nicola's face lit up, and she burst into a very grateful 
grin. "Oh, thank-you Phil! Trust me, it's only my first 
attempt, but I'll give it my best go!"



 Her fingers yanked down the zip on Phil's pants. To 
assist her, he raised his ass off the chair and pushed his 
eager crotch in the direction of Nicola's face. "Don't worry, 
darling, I'm sure you'll make a champion cock-sucker."



 "Oh Phil," Nicola replied, "you're always saying such 
kind things to me." She had pulled his pants down and 
was now reaching for Phil's suspiciously-stained 
underpants. His cock was like a torpedo, hard and 
forming a gently-throbbing ridge. As she worked, Nicola 
allowed her soft hands to brush against his furious cock, 
deliberately drawing out the moment.



 Finally, Nicola snapped the elastic band down, and 
Phil's cock popped up, hitting Nicola on the chin. It 
startled her for a moment, and Phil was treated to the 
adorable site of Nicola stared wide-eyed at his penis as it 
rested against her face - just as he has fantasised all those 
times with Nicola's photo.



 She recovered quickly from this faux par, breathing 
deeply to draw in the musky aroma of his manhood, her 
perfectly sculptured nostrils flaring. The surprised look 
on her face had quickly melted away, to be replaced with 
one of absolute lust. Nicola opened her pretty mouth, red 
lips parting, her tongue slimy with saliva poked out and 
immediately sought out his dick. The underside of her 
tongue brushed against the sensitive head of Phil's cock, 
causing a symphony of pleasure to ripple through his 
straining member, and Phil let out a monstrous groan of 
delight.



 But Nicola was only just getting started. She grasped his 
cock firmly with her right hand, letting her fingers curl 
slowly around the shaft. Nicola's tongue continued to 
slither across Phil's purple helmet, eliciting more groans 
from her hapless victim, coating his cock with her drool, 
and her tongue with his precum. From the tip, she slid 
down the length of his tool, tracing a damp path down to 
his balls and then back up toward the sensitive head.



 Phil was squirming with impatience, pushing his pelvis 
toward her face so that Nicola would finally cram her 
mouth with his dick. She got the hint, and opened wide. 
Nicola raised her face from his groin and locked eyes 
with Phil. For a moment they remained like this, and 
then Nicola opened her lips and popped Phil's cock into 
her mouth.



 Finally! Phil sank back with a sigh of contentment. His 
swollen penis was now securely lodged within the velvet-
smooth confines of Nicola's mouth.



 What she did next could only be described as slobbering, 
as Nicola rocked her head back and forth with Phil's 
dick sliding in and out between her lips. Phil stared at 
the spectacle almost in disbelief, he was actually 
watching Nicola Baron fuck his cock with her mouth! 
Back and forth it went, like a snake slithering in and out 
of a big, wet hole. As his shaft disappeared, and then 
reappeared, from Nicola's eager maw, it was slick with 
their mingled juices, making the next slide into the 
model's mouth just that much smoother. All the while, 
Nicola's hand kept a firm grip on his cock, as if ensuring 
the eager little fella didn't escape her brutal licking.



 And the noise she made! Gurgling, snorting through her 
nose, slurping greedily. It was hard to imagine those 
disgusting noises coming from the beautiful and poised 
young model. The sound of Nicola sucking on his cock 
alone was filthy enough to make a grown man weak at 
the knees.



 Phil had experienced blow-jobs before. True, he'd paid 
for most of them. But considering this was Nicola's first 
attempt, she was doing seriously well. Phil could feel that 
familiar tingle, rising up from his groin as their little 
training session approached its inevitable climax.



 "I'm gonna cum," Phil announced. Nicola grunted a 
reply and picked up the pace, ramming her face in and 
out of his crotch, his dick a pinkish blur in her mouth. It 
was obvious she had no intention of detaching her face 
from his cock, which could only mean Nicola was more 
than willing to swallow the load he was about to pump 
into her.



 Phil groaned, his dick squirming. Nicola came to an 
abrupt halt, his shaft lodged so far into her mouth, 
Nicola's cute little nose was buried in his pubic hair and 
her bottom lip rested against his balls. Phil's hips bucked 
in the chair as he squirted what seemed like gallons of 
spooge down the back of Nicola's throat. She hung on 
tight, like a cowgirl riding a bucking brumby, lips 
clamped around his shaft, making sure every last drop of 
creamy goodness ended up in her stomach.



 Slumped back, Phil's dick continued to rattle out dying 
twitches, pumping the last few drops into Nicola's mouth. 
He sighed, as if finally completing his life's mission and 
now ready to die a very happy man. Nicola made a few 
last slurping noises, before letting his shrinking member 
slide from her mouth. She continued to roll her tongue 
around inside her mouth (as if she'd been eating peanut 
butter) and lick her lips.



 "Well?" Nicola asked hopefully, when finally they'd both 
gotten their breath back. "How was I? Any good?"



 Phil had that stupid grin again. "Nicola, sweetheart, I 
can truthfully say that that is the finest blow-job that I 
have ever had the pleasure of receiving."



 Nicola's eyes lit up. "Wow, thanks!" She noticed a splotch 
of Phil's cock-sauce still clinging to her wrist and lapped 
it up. "I really appreciate you doing this."



 Phil pulled up his pants as Nicola began to hunt around 
for the clothes she'd arrived in. He continued to make 
envious glances at her naked ass as the model bent over 
to retrieve her fallen underwear. "If that was your first 
attempt, I'd love to experience your cock-sucking 
abilities once you've had some more practise."



 "Well, yknow, I'll probably need to book another shoot 
before I leave." She gave him a saucy wink.



 Phil laughed. He'd miss Nicola when she left for 
Hollywood, but at least he'd have some fun with his 
dreamgirl before she left. One thing was for sure - Nicola 
would be giving alot more blow-jobs where she was 
headed! Phil smiled at the thought that when it came to 
Nicola's luscious mouth, his dick was there first.



 END







