It took almost a full day before Paige and Izzy realized just what having their very own apartment really meant. That wasn't to say that they hadn't given it a certain amount of thought during their senior year in high school, hanging out in each other's bedrooms and keeping one ear open for the sound of parents coming up the stairs while they quietly explored each other's...feelings. Very, very deep explorations, as it happened. Some genuinely probing and emotional sessions, in fact. But all too often, those explorations had to be cut short with frustrating haste by the arrival of a family member who wouldn't necessarily be put off by explanations of the age of majority and the growing acceptance of lesbian relationships. It was times like that when they really thought hard about the benefits of moving out.
But the first day was too exhausting to really give it much thought. It was physically grueling-most of their furniture didn't fit in the elevator, so they had to haul the bigger items up two flights of stairs until their blonde hair clung to their skin with sweat beneath their matching bandanas. Even with parental help, it was hard...especially since they had to be careful to make sure their parents never saw the inside of some of their boxes of belongings. That was about as taxing emotionally as the heavy lifting was on their arms and legs. By the time they got everything moved in and sorted into the right rooms (of course, they were still pretending they'd be using separate bedrooms) they were just too exhausted to think about anything but ordering pizza, showering off the grunge of the late-summer heat, and collapsing into the same bed together in an exhausted slumber.
The next morning, though, Paige looked into Izzy's bright blue eyes. Izzy looked into Paige's big brown eyes. Both of them smiled a secret smile. And with a quick "Be right back," Paige went to go find one of the boxes they didn't let their parents see into.
Izzy spent most of the wait trying to push down a sudden attack of nerves. It was silly, but now that they actually had the time and the space to really live out some of the fantasies they'd never had a chance to do much more than tease each other with, Izzy was very quietly freaking out. What if she really couldn't do everything Paige wanted her to do? What if it turned out that all the games they played back home were really just that, and when she got the opportunity to do more her brain didn't want to cooperate? What if Paige got mad at her and dumped her and they spent their whole freshman year hating each other and they couldn't tell their parents what happened because they'd have to admit they were a couple and their parents were so totally not ready for that even if they were 'liberal' and and and-
Paige came back into the room. Her clothing didn't. Izzy was so excited she didn't even know where to stare first for a moment, but Paige solved that problem pretty quickly. "Look what I found for you, kitten!" she cooed, holding out a wand with a small clump of feathers dangling at the end of it. And suddenly all the anxiety and nervousness and fear in Izzy's mind simply fell away as she watched the little brown birdie sway and dance at the end of the line.
It wasn't exactly gone, of course. There was still a part of Izzy that felt ashamed-not just ashamed but embarrassed at finding such an absurd fetish so unbelievably fucking hot-but it was already receding into the dim, distant recesses of Izzy's mind. Paige had found her favorite kitty toy. Izzy was watching it dance and wriggle at the end of the line. Everything else seemed less and less important with each passing moment as her eyes helplessly followed its movements.
"That's my good kitty," Paige said softly, her eyes shining with excitement. "That's my good little Izzy-kitten." Her reaction helped steady Izzy's mind and soften her thoughts into a state of peace and calm. Paige didn't seem to think it was silly that she wished she was a cat. Paige wanted Izzy to be a good little kitten. Paige wanted Izzy's mind to melt into a fuzzy, purring, eager little ball of fur, and knowing that made it so much easier to simply let it happen.
Izzy had always loved pretending to be a cat, even when they were kids together. It was one of their favorite childhood games, Paige pretending to be a magical princess and Izzy pretending to be her faithful feline companion. But when Paige brought it back up eight or nine months ago, it felt...different. To both of them. When Paige teased her with the cat toys that her family's elderly tabby no longer chased, and Izzy giggled and batted at them, she felt a sudden and unfamiliar heat between her legs that she prayed her friend didn't notice. The game took on a momentum all its own, neither one of them quite knowing what was happening but also not willing to stop.
And when Izzy rolled into Paige's lap, and looked up into her wide brown eyes, and Paige reached down to rub her belly just like the kitten she was pretending to be, and Paige's hand unaccountably strayed a little bit further down Izzy's body...they both figured it out.
They did a little research after that. The Internet was a wonderful place for a pair of clever eighteen-year olds with smartphones they understood better than their parents and inattentively secured wifi. Izzy learned about petplay, and Paige learned about D/s and hypnosis. And over the course of several months of 'study sessions' and 'sleepovers', they managed to put a lot of what they learned into practice. But never enough to satisfy them.
But now Izzy was watching her toy. Her kitty toy. Her very own pretty kitty toy, for a pretty little kitty...she took a swipe at it as Paige got closer, swatting it with hands that were already instinctively forming the shape of paws.
"Oh, that's a good kitten!" Paige said, reaching out and scritching Izzy under the chin. Izzy was almost astonished out of her deepening trance by the purring sound she heard emanating from her own throat. It sounded so real-like she wasn't pretending at all.
She tried to tell Paige how shocked she was at how well the suggestions were taking root in her mind, but found that all she could remember how to say was, "Mew?" She tried again, but her voice refused to form anything but a small, chirruping "merp" of confusion. Soon, Izzy felt like she couldn't even remember what words she wanted to use in the first place. Everything seemed so simple now, her world reduced to soft petting and pretty toys.
"That's my sweet little fuzzy-head," Paige said, turning the scritches into long, slow strokes of the fur on Izzy's head. Izzy found herself leaning into the motion, nuzzling Paige's hand every time it got close to her cheek. "But you know, kitties look very silly wearing clothes."
Izzy looked down at herself and let out a plaintive meow. She was wearing clothes, wasn't she? Last night, it had seemed perfectly natural to pull on an oversized shirt and a pair of shorts to sleep in, a reflexive habit left over from years of living in a big household. But now, she couldn't think of anything more...more confining, and restrictive, and annoying, and...without even realizing she was doing it, Izzy began wriggling her body against the bed in an effort to work the garments off of her body.
The shirt only took a few moments, but the shorts were a little trickier. Izzy pawed at them, desperately trying to push them over the swell of her buttocks and get them off, but they were an old pair and fit a little bit tightly, and her paws refused to catch the waistband. Finally, she was reduced to looking up at Paige and yowling pitifully until the other girl helped her pull them down and off. Izzy dropped to her hands and knees, rubbing her naked body against Paige's legs. This was an incredibly rare treat for them both-a few frustrating close calls had taught them both to limit their play to under-the- clothing touching. But with their very own apartment with their very own chain on the door, Izzy could revel in the freedom of complete and total nudity. It made her feel like she never wanted to wear clothes again.
"That's more like it, isn't it pussycat?" Paige whispered, letting her hand trail all the way down Izzy's back and over the curve of her ass. Izzy arched up into the touch, each stroke feeling like it was removing a thousand thoughts at a time. Whole volumes of her vocabulary melted away under Paige's petting, until all she could think of was her Owner and her toys and her...heat. Izzy was in heat, she realized. She didn't know how or when it happened, but her suddenly wet cunt was giving her signals she couldn't ignore. Izzy squirmed, desperately rubbing harder against Paige's exposed flesh, trying to angle her body so that her breasts nuzzled her Owner's body.
"I have a little present for you, kitten," Paige said, reaching into a plastic bag that Izzy never even noticed when there was a cat toy to stare at. She pulled out a headband with a pair of white kitten ears on it, and placed them on Izzy's head. Izzy tried to look up at the ears, but she couldn't see them because they were on her head, and when she twisted her head to try to look she still couldn't see them, and when she twisted her body to try to get her head in the right position all she did was flop onto her back. She looked up at Paige and mewled.
"Oh, that's such a pretty little kitty!" Paige said in excitement, kneeling down to gently scratch Izzy's belly with her fingertips. Izzy purred frantically, wriggling from side to side as her hind legs splayed out in a very undignified position. But she just couldn't get enough petting! Her Owner had the right idea about that, at least. She seemed determined to pet every single inch of Izzy's body until Izzy's eyes went slitted with pleasure.
"And another present for my sweet kitten," Paige said, pulling a pretty pink collar out of the bag, She gently slid it around Izzy's neck, leaving a little gap to make it comfortable to wear, but not so much that Izzy could catch it on anything while playing. Izzy didn't understand why, but somehow the collar made her feel even more in heat. She rolled over, rubbing her hindquarters against the bedpost and letting out a liquid growl of arousal.
"Oh, does my little kitty need her pussy petted?" Paige cooed, stroking Izzy's whole body while paying special attention to Izzy's hanging breasts. "I think she does. I think she does..." She teased Izzy's nipples with her fingers, pinching them gently until Izzy was softly yowling with arousal. "But my kitten's not complete yet, are you? Kitty needs her tail, doesn't she?"
Izzy's kitten mind only heard the words as soft and gentle sounds, just more of her Owner's mouth noises she made while petting Izzy. But her anus clenched in sudden anxiety as her deeper self recognized exactly what Paige meant. Paige was going to give Izzy her kitten tail.
They'd never even tried playing with the tail at home. Just buying it was planned with the kind of elaborate subterfuge normally reserved for things like the Normandy invasion, and Paige kept it hidden in the very back of her closet right up until the day they moved. It was a promise, a fantasy, a whisper in Izzy's ears when she was deep in her kitten-trance for Paige and nearly ready to cum. It never failed to bring her right over the edge. But now that it was really happening, Izzy was suddenly worried that her body might not be able to do what Paige wanted.
Paige must have noticed the way she arched her back, because she sat down and said, "It's okay, pretty kitten. It's okay." She petted Izzy until she relaxed back into her normal crouch, then took out a bottle of lube that had 'slipped' into the basket on a late-night grocery trip a few weeks back. Carefully squeezing out a dollop, Paige spread Izzy's ass cheeks apart and began to massage the slick, cool fluid into her crack.
Izzy whimpered and mewled, squirming under Paige's ministrations. She'd never had anything up her ass before. She'd imagined it lots of times, but...but anal play always seemed a little too involved for fooling around in her bedroom before dinner, and they never wanted to risk being caught inserting or removing anything, even fingers, and Izzy didn't want to risk having any toys, and...
And she was scared. That was the real truth. She was scared that it would hurt and that she wouldn't be able to do it and Paige would be disappointed in her. Izzy didn't know what she'd do if that happened.
The fear made Izzy tense up at first, which only made her more nervous, but Paige had spent a lot of time researching her side of the relationship. She carefully massaged more and more lube into Izzy's tender sphincter, teasing the sensitive skin with gentle, rubbing strokes of her fingertips until Izzy was crouched down with her head on the floor and her ass sticking as high into the air as it would go. By the time Paige carefully teased a finger into her opening, Izzy was begging for it with every growl and yowl in her feline vocabulary.
Izzy felt the finger slide in and out, then in and out again, each time making itself more welcome as she felt her ass relax to accommodate it. When Paige pulled her hand away for a moment, Izzy let out a small yelp of disappointment-she hadn't expected it to feel quite so good. She'd simply been hoping it wouldn't hurt. Suddenly, she wanted more. She looked back a little, trying to see what her Owner was up to...and there it was. The tail.
Paige pulled it out of the bag, carefully letting the white faux fur unroll so that she could handle the slender butt plug at the end. She squirted some lube onto the shiny metal, smearing it around until it was nice and slick all over and warming it with her hands in the process, then tenderly placed the tip of it to Izzy's rosebud. She rubbed it around a little, teasing Izzy, letting the anticipation build until Izzy's arousal was practically making her drool...and then gave it a firm, lube-slicked thrust.
There was a moment of discomfort as it slid inside her, and then sudden, intense fullness. Izzy could feel herself clench around the base, gripping the narrow part between the plug and the flared ending where the tail was attached. It felt so...so...Izzy's eyes rolled back in her head as the constant awareness of all those nerves overwhelmed her. She never imagined anything could feel so tight. Izzy spread her legs wider, desperate for something to ease the throbbing tingles in her clit that seemed to come even faster now. She wished they could have done this the day they first bought the tail. She wished they could have done this every single day of ever.
It didn't take long for Paige to notice what it was doing to her. "Oh, my goodness, Izzy-kitten!" she said, cleaning her fingers off with a small towelette. "I think there's a pussy that really needs my attention, isn't there?" Izzy let out a low, murmuring growl as she wiggled her hindquarters in excitement, experimentally twitching her buttocks to feel her tail brush against her thighs. She felt wetness trickling slowly down her thighs, maddening her with the sensation. She wanted to beg Paige to play with her wet cunt, but somehow not having the words to beg with made her even hotter. All she could do was present herself for her Owner now.
Paige pushed three fingers into Izzy's cunt at once. And everything went red.
Izzy heard herself grunt in pleasure, but the sound seemed to be coming from a million miles away. Everything in the world seemed impossibly distant compared to the immediacy of those fingers, thrusting in and out, pumping with a jackhammer-like intensity right up to the knuckle and smacking Izzy's clit with every stroke.
Paige's hand moved so fast that Izzy couldn't tell one thrust from the next; her pussy clenched hard around the intruding fingers, but she was so soaking wet that her cunt offered absolutely no resistance at all to the pounding, relentless fucking Paige was giving her. The plug in Izzy's ass felt even tighter, her whole body felt impossibly full from it all, and even Izzy's nipples tingled with bliss as Paige fingered her with such intensity that her whole body slid back and forth against the soft carpet.
"That's a good kitty," Paige murmured the whole time, squishing her fingers in and out with a force that she never brought to bear in their cautious, furtive make-out sessions back home. "That's my good little slutty Izzy-kitten, getting all those silly thoughts fucked right out of her silly little kitty brain, aren't you? Aren't you?" Her voice was so soft, so tender, so loving, a perfect contrast to the rough pounding between Izzy's thighs. Izzy pushed back as hard as she could, desperate to get as much of the sensation as she possibly could. Her clit pounded in her mind like a second heartbeat, drowning out everything else in her head and leaving her utterly blank. She'd never felt this turned on before in her whole goddamned life.
She didn't know how long Paige finger-fucked her, but it seemed like only seconds before she was cumming like a wild animal in heat onto Paige's hand. She actually felt her pussy gushing around Paige's fingers, squirting all over Paige's arm as her body let go in a climax so intense that she almost didn't feel it at first. It just seemed like her cunt squeezed down on Paige's thrusting digits and her ass clenched tight around her tail, and she barely even noticed that she was emitting a soft, keening wail until the second orgasm ended. And then Paige fucked her to a third and she didn't notice anything for a little while.
When Paige finally withdrew her fingers, Izzy was trembling like a leaf. She sank down onto her side, panting as the aftershocks of orgasm sent whole new quakes of pleasure through her hazy mind. "Such a good kitty," Paige whispered, stroking her hair and scritching behind her kitten ears. "Such a good girl. Oh, we're going to have to do a little cleaning later, but that was so fucking worth it, oh my God..."
Izzy didn't really understand the words. But she nodded anyway.
After giving Izzy a few moments to recover, Paige sat up on the bed. She lay back on the mattress and beckoned Izzy with a single crooked finger. "Izzy- kitten," she said, her voice husky with desire, "I've got a little treat for you." She spread her legs as Izzy crawled up to join her, revealing a cunt that was shining with more than a little moisture of its own. "Show me how my little kitten licks," she whispered.
Izzy was happy to oblige.
She'd never gotten a chance to give Paige's pussy this much attention before. There were a few times when she was able to indulge a little, daring sessions in the bathroom at the mall that lasted only a few minutes before Izzy startled a nervous, electric orgasm out of Paige's wet cunt as much from the thrill of risking discovery as any technique of Izzy's. But this was the first time she could really spend time inhaling Paige's heady musk, flicking her tongue along Paige's clit, lapping away at the salty fluids coating her inner labia like so much delicious milk. Izzy savored every glorious, gorgeous second of it.
So did Paige, from the sound of things. She grabbed Izzy's pillow and covered her mouth with it while she let out a moan that probably would have gotten their new neighbors calling the police. Even muffled, it made Izzy quiver with sympathetic arousal. She responded by redoubling her efforts, sliding her tongue as far as it would go into Izzy's pussy and bobbing her head back and forth, fucking her Owner with her face until Paige's moans became desperate and hoarse and her juices dripped down Izzy's chin. And then, like a good mindless kitty tasting her new favorite treat, Izzy licked some more.
Paige finally had to push Izzy's head away to get her to stop, her body quivering with bliss and her eyes half-lidded with dreamy post-coital ecstasy. "Come here, kitten," she whispered, hooking a finger into Izzy's collar and gently tugging her up to lie next to Paige. "I...I think we need a little catnap after that."  
Izzy didn't respond verbally. She wasn't ready to leave her kitten-trance just yet, not until Paige made her, and there was no reason either one of them could think of right then for that. But she let out a musical purr and cuddled up to her Owner, giving Paige a long, slow blink before kneading the mattress a little and settling down. Her eyes slowly closed as the exhaustion of sex warred with the urge to groom herself clean, but there was no question which was stronger right now. She was a kitty, after all. And cats slept a lot.
The last thing Izzy remembered hearing before her mind sank into slumber was the sound of her own purring as Paige petted her to sleep.
THE END