The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 13
 
After going through their ordeal at the fast food restaurant, Susana and Heather’s evening had turned out to be much more subdued. They had arrived home without anyone further seeing them naked. Susana had been worried about what her dad might say about her nudity, but as she stood there in front of him, naked as can be in their kitchen, he seemed to be mostly focused on his dinner, and kept whatever thoughts he really had about the two teen girls being nude to himself.
 
Lauren also layed off the two naked girls once they got home, seemingly satisfied with her fun. Susana was able to get dressed as soon as dinner was over, and then drove her naked friend home. She made sure to stick to the side roads, much to Heather’s relief, and delivered her naked friend to her house without further exposing the girl. The only real worry for Heather came when, after having made a mad dash from the car to her front door, she had to wait an agonizing minute to be let into the house.
 
Susana waited in the driveway, making sure her friend was safely inside before taking off. She got first hand confirmation of the new rules exactly as her friend had explained, and of just how serious her friend’s parents seemed to be about those rules, as Heather’s mom leaned out the front door to wave at her, giving the girl a fleeting glance at the woman’s bare bussem.
 
Susana spent the rest of her night held up in her room, wanting to avoid her whole family, especially her little sister, after the events that had transpired that day.
 
The next morning, however, Susana couldn’t avoid coming face to face with her younger sister, as they passed each other in the hallway. “Good morning, Susie!” Lauren cheerfully mocked her older sister. Susana had once demanded people stop calling her Susie when she was younger, wanting to sound more grown up, and knew her sister was just trying to get under her skin. She just gave an annoyed grunt as she tried to head into the bathroom.
 
“Oh stop being so grumpy!” Lauren kept her same smiling demeanor, preventing her sister from closing the door all the way. “I want to know if you are coming running with me today?”
 
“No, I don’t want to go running with you, Lauren.” She responded callously, trying to close the door, but her sister had placed her foot in the way.
 
“Come on. It’ll make you feel better.” Lauren put on a mock puppy dog pleading look. “Fine, don’t come running with me! I think we both know the real reason you’re all grumpy this morning.”
 
“You know exactly why I’m mad at you!” Susana said, really starting to lose her temper.
 
“Yeah, it’s ‘cause you’re wearing clothes again!” Lauren laughed.
 
Susana was so taken aback by her sister’s response, she was almost put into a stupor. “I..! I..! I..!” She stammered, “I hate you!” She finally got out, a few tears falling from her eyes. “How would you like it!?” She shouted, her anger finally getting the better of her. “How would you like it if you were forced to go naked at Burger Mountain!?”
 
“That’s never going to happen.” Lauren responded coldly, continuing to taunt her sister. “I’m just not as brave as you are Susie. I’m just not as comfortable in my skin as you.” What Lauren was telling her sister was the absolute truth. She envied her older sister’s body, and dreaded the mere thought of anyone ever seeing her naked, knowing she was not even close to beginning to be as well endowed or as shapely as her older sister, and worried she never would be. “Nope. I’ll leave the going naked all to you, Susie.”
 
“HNGGGHHH!” Susana shrieked in pure frustration. Lauren quickly backed away, thinking her sister was about to get physical with her, and Susana slammed the door shut in response.
 
“What’s going on?” Their older brother, Paul, groggily poked his head out of his bedroom door, having been woken up by the screaming.
 
“Nothing.” Lauren answered. “I was just asking Susana if she wanted to go jogging with me.” She said, quickly scampering back to her own room, thinking she might have pushed her sister a little too far.
 
“Guess the answer was no.” Paul said to nobody, as his youngest sister had just shut her own bedroom door.
 
*****
 
The next morning for Abbie began fairly similar to the previous. She got up early, much earlier than any of her other siblings or her mom, as usual, and headed downstairs to get a quick bite to eat, before heading to the door to meet Blake for their morning jog.
 
Blake was practically all smiles as his naked girlfriend opened the door to greet him. “Good morning. Beautiful.” He looked her up and down, making the nude girl blush.
 
“Morning Blake.” Abbie gave a hint of a smile back to him as she stepped outside and gave him a quick kiss. She wasn’t completely happy to be going outside in the nude again, but couldn’t help enjoying the way her boyfriend was looking at her.
 
“Everything’s alright, right?” She seemed to be out of sorts. “I mean…” He dropped his voice down low. “Is this about what happened yesterday?”
 
“What do you mean?” She gave him a confused look.
 
“About, you know, what we did… Yesterday? Afternoon?”
 
“Oh!” Abbie blushed, and then smiled, remembering how wonderful it had been. “No, that was… Amazing.” She felt like she couldn’t find the words to express how she really felt. “And I don’t think I could have found anyone better to do that with.” She added, causing the boy to blush in response this time.
 
He basfully looked away from her. “Uhhh… Thanks Abbie. I wouldn’t have wanted to do that with anyone else, either.” He looked her in the eyes, smiling a bright smile.
 
“Thanks Blake.” She responded, adding, “So, should we start our run?” before anymore awkwardness could creep in between them. Blake nodded his head, and the two started on their way.
 
They began as usual, heading down the suburban streets, passing the few other early birds along the way, mostly adults who were headed into work at the early hour, until they reached the entrance of the park. Abbie now knew, even if anyone made a complaint to her about her nakedness, there was almost nothing they could do about it, and it gave her some piece of mind and let her feel a little more relaxed about being nude today.
 
They continued down the same trail they always took, the one that cut through the wooded area. Abbie’s heart fluttered a little as they passed the area where the trees opened up into a clearing, where her and Blake had stopped yesterday to have their fun. Neither one made a move to stop this time, now knowing their little spot had not been as private as they had hoped.
 
The two did end up passing Lauren along the way, and Abbie braced herself for what she thought was about to come, but the little blonde girl just gave the two a smirk and continued on her way. Abbie spent the next few minutes trying to figure out what the younger girl’s game was, even asking Blake, “You think she’s letting me off the hook?”
 
He shrugged his shoulders in response, then shook his head, saying “Probably not. If I know Lauren.”
 
When Abbie arrived back home, she heard the hustle and bustle of the rest of her household getting ready for the day. She headed for the kitchen, where she found both her brothers, and her mom eating breakfast. “Morning mom. Morning guys.” She said, grabbing a glass from the cupboard to pour herself some orange juice. "Where's Maddie?"
 
“Good morning Abbie. She's already finished eating and went to brush her hair and her teeth. How was your run today, honey?” Her mom asked as she sat down at the table with them.
 
“It was good, mom.” Abbie answered. “We did our usual routine. Oh and, no complaints about me being nude, if that’s what you're really asking about.”
 
“No need to be snarky, Abbie, but I’m glad to hear it.” Her mom responded with a smile.
 
“Oh, Abbie. I’ll take care of you when I’m done with breakfast.” Adam interjected into the conversation, scooping some oatmeal from the bowl in front of him.
 
“Huh?” Abbie asked out of confusion.
 
“Your shower.” Adam said, “Remember I offered to give you a bath last night after Maddie’s, but you said it was wasteful since you always take a shower after your run in the morning. So, I’ll help you out with your shower after I’m done eating.” Adam gave his older sister a wide grin.
 
“That’s not really…” Abbie started to complain, but noticed the look her mother was starting to give her. “Necessary, if you’re too busy. But if you’re willing, it would be a tremendous help for me, Adam.”
 
He smirked at his older sister. “Of course, Abbie. What are brothers for if not to help their sisters with their showers?” Their mom just gave the siblings a bright smile, and a slight head nod of approval.
 
Once done with breakfast, Adam came over and took his older sister’s hand, first pulling her from her chair, then out of the kitchen and up the stairs, and finally into their shared bathroom, shutting the door behind him. He went over to the tub, and started getting things ready, turning on the water so it could warm up. Abbie just stood there, arms at her sides, muttering complaints to herself about the way she was being treated by her younger brother.
 
Adam looked back at her, seeing she was upset about something. “What’s the matter, Abbie? You enjoyed it when I gave you a bath the other day. What’s the problem now?”
 
“The problem is I don’t need you giving me a shower, or a bath, or anything else. I am perfectly capable of bathing myself, you know. Why did you have to bring it up in front of mom?”
 
“I thought you said it would be a tremendous help if I gave you shower?” He gave her another teasing smirk.
 
“I only said that ‘cause mom was about to blow up at me again. What else could I say?” She gave a little whine at the end of her sentence, hoping her brother might have a little sympathy towards her plight.
 
“Well, whether you want it or not, it sure looks like you could use my help this morning.”
 
“What? I’m not that sweaty.” She gave a little perturbed furrow of her brow, checking under her arm.
 
“I’m not talking about that. Ever since you started going naked, it’s pretty easy to tell when you are aroused, Abbie.” He said, gesturing for her to look at herself in the mirror.
 
Abbie only had to turn and glance at her reflection to see that her nipples were fully puckered, with their hard little eraser heads poking out from her breasts. She could also see that the outer lips of her sex had a slight rosy pink color to them, with a visible schene in the middle from her wetness. She hadn’t even realized she was so aroused, and covered her face with her hands, letting out a moan of shame and embarrassment. “Oh God!”
 
“Don’t worry Abbie. I understand. Having some more fun with Blake, were you?” Adam couldn’t help enjoying her reaction, giving her a little wink, trying to embarrass his sister just a bit more.
 
“We didn’t do anything today!” Abbie tried to defend herself, only to realize what she had just admitted after the words had already left her mouth.
 
“Hey, whatever you two do together is your business. He is your boyfriend now after all.” He gave his sister a knowing grin. “I think the water is ready now.” He held his hand out to her, offering to help her into the shower. She decided to act in defiance, however, pushing his hand out of the way, and getting under the water under her own accord.
 
He just shrugged his shoulders, grabbed his sister’s wash cloth, and after squirting on some body wash, started scrubbing her back. “So, Blake told me you were looking for Matt yesterday.” He said after a long minute.
 
“Huh?” Abbie responded, having finally started to relax a little with the way her brother was massaging her back.
 
“Mathew Stevens. You know? You were naked and spanked at his house the other day.”
 
“Oh, uh…” She paused, not wanting to relive the memory. “Well, you did say I had to invite two boys over to see me naked, but you never said it had to be the first time they saw me naked.”
 
“True, true.” He turned her around, and immediately started massaging her young breasts, making her let out an abrupt gasp. “The whole reason I gave you that punishment was so you would understand you have no reason to conceal your naked body. But you’ve been going jogging the last few days, and I’m sure quite a few people have seen you naked by now.”
 
“Does that mean I don’t have to invite anyone else over?” Abbie asked, hopefully.
 
“No… I think Matt will be good enough to get my point across.” He answered, taking some of the wind out of Abbie’s sails. “Alright. Open your legs. I need to get you clean down there.”
 
Abbie spread her legs open about shoulder width apart, and as she expected, her brother was only using the excuse of cleaning in between her legs to get her to open them. Instead, he immediately attacked her semi-aroused clit with his fingers. Abbie quickly shot up onto her tippy toes, unable to hold in the moan as the sudden burst of pleasure rocked her body. She steddied herself by grabbing her brother’s shoulders, worried she would fall over. Adam, however, just kept up his attack.
 
It only took him a couple minutes to receive the response he had been looking for. He had learned over the last few days how to tell when a girl was getting close, and especially could tell with his older sister, having had a bit practice on her. Before Abbie could reach her peak, he quickly pulled his hand away.
 
Abbie let out a whimpering moan, feeling baffled and completely disappointed. “Why..!?” She panted. “Why’d you stop!?” She gave him a pleading look.
 
Adam smirked at her expression. “Don’t worry. I’m not done.” He reached over, pulling down the hand held shower head, and gave his older sister another little wink.
 
“Oh…” Abbie blushed, familiar with what the spray of the water felt like on her most sensitive bits.
 
Adam soon had her back up on her toes, directing the jet of water with one hand, and opening his sister’s slit with the other. Abbie felt the buildup to release rising again, but before she could get there this time, there was a knock at the door.
 
“I need to brush my teeth.” Timmy barged his way into the bathroom, not waiting for an answer. “Wow! What are you doing!?” He asked with newfound wonder, seeing the way his older brother was holding open his sister’s pussy, and the spray of water aimed in it’s direction.
 
“Come on, Timmy! Mommy says we’re gonna be late!” Madeline walked into the room next, stopping in her tracks when she discovered what her older siblings were doing.
 
“I’m just helping Abbie to get clean.” He answered his brother’s question, and then gave Abbie one more wink.
 
“Come on, kids! We have to get going! They need me a little early this morning!” Their mom said from the hallway, before entering the room herself. “Oh! I see…” She said, getting a large smirk on her face and giggling out loud. “I see you kids have found the massage function.”
 
“Yeah mom.” Adam had started aiming the water stream at Abbie’s aroused clit again.
 
Abbie was feeling totally exposed at that point, her entire family watching as her brother attempted to bring her to orgasm. She wanted to tell him to stop, and yell at everyone to get out, but the pleasure was too overwhelming at that point. She knew she was past the point of no return. So she just let him continue spraying her extremely sensitive clitoris, until she could hold out no longer, giving in to one of the most intense but shameful orgasms of her life. “AHHHHH! OH GOD! AHHHHHHHHH!” Her body shuddered over and over at the pleasure, while the shame of it all just made it that much more intense.
 
After her sister had stopped screaming from her overwhelming climax, Madeline just had to interject, “Wow! Do me next!”
 
“Not now, Madeline. You can have a turn tonight at bath time, ok?” Her mom interrupted.
 
“Ok mommy.” The young girl responded, a little dejected.
 
“Ok, get going downstairs you two.” Their mom ushered the two younger children down the stairs, adding, “Maddie, your clothes are on the couch!” before turning to her older children. “Adam, please help your sister out of there. I don’t want her slipping and falling.”
 
Abbie was still on shaky legs, as Adam helped her to step out of the tub. He quickly retrieved her towel, and started to dry her off, giving him another excuse to feel her up, even right in front of their mom. Not that he really needed anymore permission.
 
Their mom interjected one last time before leaving, “Abbie, you should thank your brother for all of his help. Not many girls have a brother that would help out in the bath like that.”
 
“Thank you, Adam.” Abbie responded, drained of any will to resist, and figuring her mom would just get mad at her if she didn't say it.
 
“Wow, that has got to be the most intense orgasm I have ever seen!” Adam said once he was done drying her off, and grinned.
 
“God, you just love torturing me, don’t you!?” She said, tears welling up in her eyes.
 
“I thought you would enj…” He started to say.
 
“Just leave me alone!” She said, pushing her way past him, and out of the door, shutting herself in her room.
 
Adam didn’t understand the reason for his sister’s outburst, but decided to give her some space, at least until it was time to leave for school. He went to his own room to gather his books and backpack, bringing them down to the living room where he would wait. Then he realized he hadn’t retrieved his sister’s clothes for the day, and deciding he didn’t want to leave things on such a bad foot anyway, headed back upstairs to talk with his sister again.
 
He knocked at her door, slowly opening it. “Abbie?”
 
“God! Damn! Stupid door can’t even have a stupid lock! What do you want!?” She demanded, getting up from her bed.
 
He could see the hurt in her eyes, as a few tears streamed down her face. “I.. I’m sorry, Abbie. Obviously you didn’t enjoy…”
 
“YOU THINK!” Abbie interrupted him.
 
“I know. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for it to make you feel so bad.” He hung his head in guilt. “It was supposed to... to make you feel good...” He had trouble getting all of his words out.
 
“Well it…” She spotted the genuine look of regret on his face. “It did feel nice, but I… Would prefer if I had a little more say in when and how that happens.”
 
“I understand.” He paused before adding. “But it’s not like that’s the first time…”
 
“That’s not…” She exhaled, feeling like she was not getting through to him. “Look. I don’t know why mom wants me to go naked all the time, or has decided to put you in charge of me, or made all of these weird, strange rules, but she did. I just wish you had a little more compassion for me and what I’m going through. I mean, imagine if it was you, and you had to go naked all the time. Or I was the one washing your privates, and then continued to do it even after everyone walked in, especially mom.”
 
“I’m sorry Abbie. I guess I just got all caught up in teasing you about this, that I didn’t even consider how you were really feeling.”
 
“I know. I suppose the real person I should be mad at about all of this is mom, not you. I’m sorry that I took it out on you.” She came over and gave him a big hug.
 
“I’ll try to be more aware of how you’re feeling, and try to ease up on you.” He gave her a little smile. “A little at least. You can’t expect me to completely give up on teasing you.”
 
“You little..!” She shook her head and chuckled, “Brother!” and then punched him in the arm.
 
His eyes went wide as he said, “Oh, I’m gonna get you now!” and he chased her down the stairs.
 
They ended up in the living room, with nowhere left to run for the naked girl. Adam quickly tackled Abbie onto the couch, and started tickling her, making the naked girl squeal in laughter. She knew a tickle fight would be completely one sided, with all of her bare skin exposed, and quickly started begging for mercy. “Please! No more!”
 
“Alright. Alright.” Adam said, helping his sister sit upright, and giving her another hug.
 
“That’s not fair!” She complained in jest. “I don’t have any clothes to protect me like you do.”
 
“I know.” He stuck his tongue out at her. She rolled her eyes at him, and folded her arms over her chest, giving a little pout. “Alright. No more tickling… for the rest of the morning at least.” He gave her a grin, and she couldn’t stop herself from laughing.
 
“So tell me, brother, what’s going on between you and Sam?” She asked, mostly to change the subject, but also because she was curious about the way her brother’s friend had been acting last night.
 
“Nothing…” He said, getting a little blush. “What do you mean?”
 
“You have a little crush on Sam?” It was Abbie who was teasing now, with a little grin on her lips.
 
“I… I like her, but it’s just…” He stopped himself.
 
“You like her!” She couldn’t help herself from getting excited for her younger brother, and squeezed him with another hug.
 
“Yeah, I guess.” He said, contemplating. “I just… I don’t know if it’s fair to her.”
 
“What do you mean?” She was getting confused. She had been expecting her brother to react much differently when admitting to his first crush. “Just ask her out if you like her.”
 
“It’s not that simple.” He said, standing up from the couch. “I just, I don’t know if it’s fair to her, with the rules and everything.”
 
“Well, she already knows about the rules. She was here last night.”
 
“Yeah, but, going forward you know…”
 
“Well, if you’re worried about her not wanting to be naked in front of you, you probably should have thought of that before inviting her over last night.”
 
“That’s not it.” Adam said, trying to put his feelings into words.
 
“Is it that all your friends would see her naked? And you would get jealous?” She asked, trying to get the truth out of him.
 
“No, that's not a problem. I mean, not any more of a problem of when Travis and I see Lilly naked. I mean Cody doesn’t mind, so why should I? And Travis, when we see…” He stopped himself, before he revealed his friend’s secret.
 
“Gwen?” Abbie asked with a big smirk on her face.
 
“How did you know?”
 
“They’re not very good at keeping it a secret.” She laughed. “Well then, what is it?”
 
“I guess it’s… Is it really fair to her, me seeing other girls like that? You know? And doing things with them?”
 
“So you feel guilty?”
 
“I don’t know. Maybe?” He mulled it over in his head, realizing his sister was right. “I mean, yeah. After yesterday? With all the girls here? And what I did with Hope? Or Heather the other day?” He sat back down on the couch, slumping over.
 
“Well you don’t have to keep doing those things with them.” Abbie offered. “I don’t think there’s any way around seeing a bunch of naked girls though, Adam.” She couldn’t hold back a laugh at how ridiculous that sounded after coming out of her mouth.
 
“What if I don’t want to stop…” He said, revealing his darkest thoughts. “What if… What if I can’t control myself?”
 
“I know you better than that, Adam. I think if you really want to, and if you really do like Sam, then you’ll do it.” She wrapped her arms around him in another hug.
 
“Thanks Abbie.” He pulled back and gave her a smile. “Oh! I almost forgot. We need to get your clothes for the day.”
 
“Oh, alright.” She said, letting go of the hug.
 
“Say, Abbie. Why don’t you go pick out what you want to wear for today?” He offered.
 
“Really? You mean it?” Abbie said, jumping up from the couch, excited to have the option to dress how she would prefer.
 
“Yeah. Sure. Why not?” He said, happy to see his sister so excited. “Oh, umm…” He said before she was completely out of the room.
 
“What?” She said, poking her head back in.
 
“Oh, never mind. It’s nothing.”
 
“What? What is it?”
 
“Well, um, it’s up to you, but you should think about wearing a skirt.” She pursed her lips and furrowed her brow at him. “It’s just a suggestion. I just mean, you looked fantastic yesterday. Me and the guys weren't lying. I mean, you’re a runner Abbie, your legs are awesome. You should show them off more is all I mean, and I’m sure Blake would really like it.”
 
“Well, I don’t know. I’ll think about it.” She said, turning to head upstairs.
 
He sat waiting, seeing it was getting close to the time his friends usually showed up, so wasn’t so surprised when there was a knock on the door a little early. “Lauren?” He was surprised, however, to see who was there after opening it.
 
“I’d like to speak with Abbie.” The little blonde girl said, curtly.
 
Adam’s surprise soon morphed into a little smirk. “Sure. Come on in.” He gestured past himself, into the open living room.
 
“You must think I’m pretty stupid if you expect me to fall for that.” While things between Lauren and Abbie were pretty cold, things with her brother weren't much better. “I know if I come in there I'll have to be naked. Or did you forget you told me about the rule? I’ll just wait here outside, thank you.”
 
“Why? You afraid of being naked?” He responded with a laugh.
 
“Ha! Yeah, right! I just don’t want a perv like you drooling all over me, is all.” Lauren was trying to sound confident, but a bit of jitter had creeped into her voice.
 
“You sound pretty chicken to me. And besides, what would I even have to perv over? Your flat chest? Or your nonexistent hips?”
 
Lauren was turning pretty red at that point, between her anger and her embarrassment, but luckily for her, Abbie chose that moment to come back down the stairs. “Well hi, Abbie!” she pushed her emotions away, putting on her cheerful demeanor again.
 
Abbie, still expecting to walk over to Blake’s house in the nude, was still not dressed. Instead she had put her clothes in one of her cloth bags, and had just put on her shoes and socks, carrying her backpack on one shoulder. “Oh great. It’s you.” Abbie knew her morning had just taken a turn for the worse.
 
“All ready for school? Or did you forget something?” Lauren mocked, seeing how the girl was dressed, or more accurately, still not dressed.
 
“No.” Abbie set her bookbag down on the floor, holding up the other bag containing her clothes. “My clothes are right here. I just… I need to wait until it’s time for school before I get dressed.”
 
“So, aren’t you going to ask me what I want?” Lauren said, in a sickly sweet voice.
 
“I don’t know. Why don’t you come in and tell me?” Abbie almost sneered.
 
“Your brother already tried that trick, and it didn’t work.” Lauren said, letting her emotions slip a little. “I thought we could walk to school together, just the two of us.” She put her cheerful facade back up.
 
“Fine.” Abbie sighed. “Just let me get my clothes on.”
 
“Oh no, no, no! No need for that. I heard you walked all the way to your boyfriend’s house yesterday, just like that. No reason to be modest today.” Abbie really wanted to smack the blonde girl’s smirk right off of her face, wondering how she could know that.
 
“Um, no way.” Adam spoke up. “I’m responsible for my sister. There’s no way I’m letting her out of here like that with you.”
 
“Adam, it’s alright.” Abbie said, putting her backpack back on. She walked over to the open front door.
 
“I’ll take that.” Lauren snatched the bag of clothes away from the naked girl.
 
“But, hang on!” Adam complained.
 
Abbie turned to look at her brother. “Trust me, Adam. It’ll be fine. You don’t have to worry. I’ll handle Lauren.”
 
“Look if it makes you feel better.” Lauren interjected. “I promise I will give her her clothes before school, and I won't show her off to anyone. We’re just going to walk from here to the bleachers near the track field at school.”
 
“At school!” Abbie’s eyes just about popped out.
 
“I know. We need to get moving before the busses start showing up.” Lauren took a quick look at the time on her phone. “Or we can keep arguing about this, and then Abbie can greet the busses in the flesh so to speak, before I give her her clothes back. It’s up to you two.”
 
“I’ll be fine, Adam.” Abbie pleaded, knowing if she didn’t go along with the blonde girl now, things would just end up much worse for her later.
 
“Fine.” Adam relented. “Wait! Where’s your phone?”
 
“In my backpack.” Abbie responded.
 
“Good. If you have any problems, call me.” He implored.
 
“Alright.” Abbie agreed.
 
“Don’t worry. She’ll be fine.” Lauren gave the boy a cheerful smile. “Well, as long as we make it to school before the busses.” She turned and started skipping away, forcing Abbie to follow. Adam could only watch on in worry, hoping his sister would be alright.
 
The two girls had already made it past the third block without another word said between them. As far as Abbie was concerned that was perfectly fine with her. She didn't really want to chat with the little blonde demon anymore. Not that she ever did. The only real sound either of them was making, was the sound of their footfalls along the way. Except every once in a while, Lauren would hum a happy little toon to herself, probably just to annoy her, Abbie thought to herself.
 
"So there must be some part of you that is enjoying this." It didn't take long for Lauren to break the silence. “Being naked.”
 
"Huh?" Abbie just gave a confused look to the blonde girl.
 
"Well it's gotten you a boyfriend. Lots and lots of attention and popularity at school. Especially yesterday with the way you were dressed. I mean, I guess if you have no problems with going naked, then what's the big deal about dressing sluty, huh?"
 
"But I didn't…" Abbie started to complain she hadn't dressed herself yesterday, but decided that would sound even more pathetic.
 
"Oh I'm sure you love it. Showing off your little tits and your bush you shave off..." She scowled at the nude girl. "For some reason. Oh wait, don't tell me. I already know why you shave it off. It's so you can show off your little cunt for the boys too and get a bunch more attention." Abbie might not be as well endowed as her own sister, but Lauren couldn't help feeling a pang of jealousy at this girl's breasts too. Or the fact that she could grow a full bush and had the audacity to shave it off.
 
"That's not…"
 
"Shut up." Lauren said, coldly. They continued walking in silence for the next few minutes.
 
“It’s not like that, you know.” Abbie finally spoke up, feeling a need to defend herself. “I haven’t been running around naked by choice. If I had a choice…”
 
“Whatever.” Lauren was still being as frosty as ever. “Slut.” Abbie looked at the girl with pain and anger. “We’re here.”
 
Abbie hadn't been paying much attention, now realizing they had arrived to the edge of the houses where the neighborhood met school property. It was less than 100 feet to the closet set of bleachers, on the far side of the track field adjacent to the school. Just then, the unmistakable bright yellow of a school bus flashed for a moment on the other side of the school, and Abbie knew there wasn't much time until it would arrive. Feeling no other choice, she made a mad dash towards the bleachers, hoping to find cover, before the school bus arrived and the students all got to see her in her full glory.
 
Lauren soon caught up with the naked girl, standing just outside of the bleachers, where Abbie couldn't reach her without revealing herself. She probably would have laughed at Abbie’s reaction to almost being caught out in the open, but she was still feeling some of the anger from before.
 
"Please can I have my clothes now?" Abbie begged. The first bus had already parked, and was letting out students, and now a second bus was pulling in.
 
"In a minute." Lauren turned the bag with Abbie's clothes upside down, unceremoniously dumping them onto the grass below. Then she took her own backpack off, and pulled something from the front pocket. A pair of scissors. "I thought since you like to dress so sluty, I'd help you out today."
 
"Please! Lauren!" Abbie would have rushed out to stop the girl if she could, but with the other students arriving now, she felt trapped.
 
The first two items to go were her bra and panties, completely cut up into useless pieces. Abbie could only look on in helpless horror. The next thing Lauren attacked was her skirt. Completely removing the elastic waistband. Finally she made her alterations to Abbie's top. A blouse she had really liked. Lauren basically cut it in half, turning it into a very revealing crop top.
 
Lauren walked the few steps over, tossing the naked girl the half top and altered skirt. "There."
 
"I can't wear these." Abbie complained.
 
"Fine. If you'd rather just go naked."
 
Abbie quickly scrambled to get the clothes on. First the top, which barely came down passed the bottom of her breasts. Lauren had been very lucky with where she chose to cut. Then she put on the skirt, which thankfully still had it's zipper. It was a pencil shaped skirt that came down to her knees, with a bit of sheer material underneath. Now, however, it was a fairly loose fit on her hips without the waistband, and almost comically hung down on one side, revealing quite a bit of the top of Abbie's bare leg, and even gave a slight peak at the top bit of her public mound on that side.
 
“I think you're smart enough to understand what I want. Don't tell anyone I did this to you. Don't go trying to find anything else to wear, and maybe, just maybe, I'll think about deleting the confession you made. Easy enough for a slut like you.” Lauren didn't wait around for a reply, simply collecting her things and heading towards school. Abbie ventured out into the open, hoping maybe something of her ruined clothes could be salvaged, but the little blonde had been thorough in her destruction. Abbie had hoped maybe the waistband of her skirt could somehow be usable, thinking maybe she could wear it like a belt to hold her skirt up. But even that had been destroyed beyond use, cut into multiple pieces.
 
Frustrated, Abbie began her trek towards the school. The first warning bell went off, alerting the students they now only had 15 minutes until school began. Without thinking, Abbie started to rush, but that mistake cost her, and her skirt slipped down to her ankles. She quickly crouched down, pulling her skirt back into place, and looked around, trying to discern if anyone had just seen what had happened. When it appeared no one else was paying attention to her, she breathed a small sigh of relief. She knew she would have to be more careful, and that this would probably end up being the longest school day of her short life.
 
“Hey Abbie! Abbie, wait!” Abbie's heart leapt into her throat, until she turned back around. She was relieved to see it was only her brother, jogging towards her from the direction of the houses.
 
“Adam?” She said once the boy reached her, furrowing her brow at him. “What are you doing?”
 
“Hey.” He said, catching his breath. “I, uh, just wanted to make sure you would be alright. So I waited a couple minutes and then followed you two. I, um, saw the whole thing back there.” He said, pointing over his shoulder in the direction of the bleachers. “Are you ok?”
 
“I’m fine, Adam.” Abbie answered, turning to look at the school. “Where’s everyone else?” She asked, surprised not to see Adam’s friends or even Blake with him.
 
“I sent them a text letting them know you and I were going to walk to school on our own. They could be inside already for all I know.” He answered, giving a small shrug to his shoulders. “Hey, I can go get you some different clothes if you want. I think I have a sweat shirt in my gym locker you can borrow.” He offered.
 
“I’m fine, Adam.” Abbie repeated, in a detached tone, not wanting to get into it with her brother at the moment. She took a couple steps away from him, but he grabbed her arm, and forced her to look at him.
 
“You can’t seriously want to go to school dressed like that.”
 
“She said I had to, alright!” Some of her anger slipped out.
 
“Why would you do what she says?” Adam fired back.
 
“Because she’s got some stuff on me. Including naked pictures of me.” She answered, her eyes welling up with tears, but she pushed her sadness away, choosing instead to focus on her anger.
 
“Oh…” He said, looking down at the ground. “Well maybe I can help you?”
 
“Don’t worry, Adam.” She said, starting to walk away from him again. “I'll handle her myself.”
 
*****
 
At the high school, Heather and Susana were dealing with their own problems, which had begun even before the first bell. Susana had offered to give her friend a ride, borrowing her mom’s car for the day, and they had just pulled into the student parking lot. Arriving around the same time was Tanya, who had given a ride to her own friends, Gwen and Chrissy. Susana and Heather tried to go unnoticed by the girl who had seen their little naked adventure through the drive through last night, but Tanya had already spotted them, and couldn’t resist calling out, “Hey! It’s the streaker girls!”
 
“Quiet! Please!” Heather pleaded with the girl, looking around in worry.
 
“Streakers?” Chrissy asked, as the three girls caught up with the other two.
 
“Yeah, these two came through the drive through completely naked last night.” Tanya said with a big grin.
 
“Hey!?” Susana complained.
 
“Wow! You did!?” Chrissy’s eyes were getting as big as saucers.
 
“We don’t really want anyone else to know about that, Tanya.” Heather was trying to hold back her annoyance with the girl, and also not start to panic.
 
“You never asked me to keep it a secret.” Tanya said, with a large smirk on her lips. Before the two streakers could completely explode at her, she said, “Relax. I’m kidding! You don’t have to worry about these two. They understand. We won't tell anyone else.”
 
Susana felt a little relief at hearing the girl had been kidding. “What do you mean they understand?”
 
“You told me last night that all had to do with the rules.” Tanya explained. “Gwen’s got the rules at her place too, so we all know what it’s about.”
 
“Wait, you have to be naked at your house too?” Heather whispered out in surprise. “I thought you came over like that ‘cause of the rules at the Larson’s.”
 
“Yeah. My brother kind of tricked me into asking my mom for it,” Gwen explained. “But you know, it turns out I kind of enjoy it.”
 
“You enjoy it?” Susana asked, skeptically. “Wait so you’ve all experienced these rules?”
 
“Yeah. Even this morning. We all ate breakfast at Gwen’s house before coming here.” Tanya said.
 
“Even you, Chrissy?” Heather had to ask, knowing how shy the girl usually acted.
 
“Umm, yeah.” She blushed. “Gwen’s little brother was even there.”
 
“So why exactly are you telling us this?” Susana asked.
 
“Well, I thought since we’re all going through this, or something like this, then it would be good if we all stuck together.” Tanya explained herself. “I know some of us might be more comfortable with showing off our bodies than others, but I think if we support each other then we can all get through this much easier.”
 
“That does kinda make sense.” Heather said, turning towards Susana. “I know yesterday I felt a lot better after you joined me.”
 
“So what? Are we forming some kind of secret club or something?” Susana asked the group.
 
“Yeah, or maybe a support group.” Tanya laughed. “But we better get inside. School’s about to start.”
 
“So does your mom go naked too?” Heather asked Gwen as they were walking towards the entrance. Gwen just laughed, nodding her head in response.
 
The girl’s morning went as usual, until they both arrived at their biology class. It would be the first time they had seen Mike since the previous day. Worse as well, was that they also shared this class with Tony, who they now both owed a huge debt to in exchange for him keeping his silence about their streaking the drive through.
 
Both girls waited until the last possible moment to enter the classroom, just beating the bell. Unfortunately for them, their science teacher was not the type to always be on time, and the class would have another few minutes of time before he would arrive today.
 
The first boy they had to face was Mike, as he sat in the row in front of them. He gave the two young ladies a bright smile when they reached their seats, looking each girl up and down, remembering what they both looked like without their clothes on. Each girl blushed, almost feeling like he could somehow see through their clothes. “Hey girls!” He greeted them.
 
“Hey Mike.” Susana answered first, with some unease in her voice, as the two of them sat down in their chairs.
 
“Hey.” Heather said, not feeling any more confident than her friend.
 
“That was pretty cool yesterday.” Mike said with a wide smile. “I was wondering if you two wanted to hang out after school today again too?”
 
“Well, ummm…” Heather began to say. Both girls gave a surprised jump when a hand grabbed each of their shoulders.
 
It was Tony. Normally he would sit on the other side of the class, in the back row, but with the teacher still not present, thought it would be a good time to speak with the girls. “How’s it going girls?” He smiled a smug smile at the two.
 
“Tony.” Susana said, pushing his hand off of her shoulder with a bit of disgust.
 
“Got any plans this afternoon?” He asked, wanting to collect his deal as soon as possible, and hoping to prevent the girls from trying and back out. He knew exactly what he wanted the two of them to do.
 
“I was just asking if they wanted to hang out with me.” Mike interjected.
 
“Oh, well. What do you think girls, should we include Mike in our plans?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows at the two.
 
“Umm, can we think about it and get back to you at lunch time?” Heather quickly said. While being nude in front of Mike again might be a bit embarrassing, especially with what she expected Tony to make them do, she thought it might be better to have him there. Mike had been perfectly cordial to her and her friend the previous day, when he could have taken advantage of them, and she certainly trusted Mike way more than Tony. She thought it might just be a good idea for him to be there, as she hoped he would keep things from getting out of hand. She just needed a chance to confer with Susana to make sure she would be ok with it.
 
“Alright class! Please take your seats!” Their teacher had finally arrived, interrupting the conversations of the class. “Today’s topic is going to be on photosynthesis.”
 
*****
 
Abbie’s morning was going about as well as to be expected for a teenage girl dressed so scantily. The boys were bad enough, almost every single one stopped what they were doing to turn and stare at her, many making wolf-whistles or holoring a catcall at her, or even trying to ask her out. Worse were the girls, who either whispered to each other and then gave her a dirty look, or the more bold ones who would yell out whore, slut, or other insults at her. Just getting from her locker to her first class had been an ordeal, and the day hadn’t even started yet.
 
One of the reasons she hated wearing revealing clothing was that she didn’t like the attention it would always bring to her. If yesterday had been annoying, today was a pure hell for the girl. All thanks to the little blonde girl and her stupid scissors.
 
Once she got to her first period class, things didn’t get much better. “Don’t you think you’re pushing the dress code a little far, Abbie?” Her teacher asked as she walked into the room. An older lady, at least to Abbie. Truthfully she was probably only in her 50s.
 
“I’m sorry Ms. Chambers. There was a laundry mishap at home and this is all I had.” Abbie came up with a lie on the spot, but at least she would have some sort of excuse if people asked.
 
“Well, why don’t you take a seat in the back of the class for today.” That would be fine with Abbie. She didn’t need her entire class staring at her for the entire time.
 
Not that it stopped them. The girls continued to either laugh at her, or give her dirty looks, and the boys would all look in her direction, ogling her every chance they got, when their teacher’s back was turned.
 
She didn’t wait around when the class ended, trying to get to her math class as fast as possible, but her outfit made that difficult. If she made a wrong move or turned too fast she knew her skirt would almost assuredly slip down to her ankles. She tried her best to filter out all the comments and questions she received in the hall, but it was impossible for some of it not to leak in.
 
With the slow pace she was forced to take, she was almost the last one to arrive at her next class. She did see one opportunity right in front of her when she arrived. Sitting right there in the front row was Matt Stevens.
 
She walked right up to him saying, “Matt, I need to talk to you.”
 
He regarded her with some confusion, wondering why the girl would want to talk with him. As far as he was concerned, she was just the daughter of his mom’s assistant, and had never wanted anything to do with him. Then he remembered Friday, and what had happened to the girl, glancing down at his watch, wondering with some worry if this had something to do with that. “Hey, Abbie.” He responded slowly, with a little apprehension. Then he noticed the outfit she was wearing, wondering if he was in any way responsible for her being dressed in such a way.
 
“I wanted to invite you over to my house. Sometime this week.” Abbie said, getting right to the point.
 
Matt was about to respond, but the bell rang interrupting his words. He never got a chance to answer, as their teacher wanted to get the class underway. “Ms. Larson!” He yelled, and Abbie had to be careful she didn’t lose her skirt as she jumped in response. “Since you’re already out of your seat, please come to the board and answer problem number one.”
 
“Yes Mr. Rusconi.” Abbie left her books on Matt’s desk, quickly scrambling her way over to the board. Her teacher looked her over as she passed him, just shaking his head in detest at what she was wearing. Now she was on full display for the entire class, trying to solve the problem as fast as possible. She was, however, fairly good at math, so it didn’t take her long to solve.
 
It began with just a few snickers and chuckles, but then grew into full uproarious laughter. Abbie was confused. She looked back at the board, making sure she hadn’t made any major mistakes, and then turned to face her classmates again. What Abbie didn’t know was that the bottom of her shirt had ridden up while she was solving the problem, coming to rest at the top of her boobs. Since it was the first problem, she had been forced to reach high above her head to write in her answer, her arm pulling her shirt up along with it. Her bare breasts were now completely exposed to her entire class. Finally she looked downward and realized, but it was too late, as her teacher had also now noticed her wardrobe malfunction.
 
“ABIGAIL!” He yelled, causing her to quickly pull her top back down. After that she remained like a deer caught in the headlights, completely frozen in place otherwise. The only thing to change was her face turning to a deep red, the same color as her teacher’s. But whereas her’s was caused by embarrassment, his was more by anger. “Collect your things and report to the principal’s office at once!”
 
Abbie wanted to be anywhere by there at that moment anyway, so promptly made haste and grabbed her books before exiting the classroom. She did keep cognisant of her skirt, not wanting to also flash her class with her bottom on the way out.
 
Out in the hallway, and now all alone, Abbie took the time to recollect herself, and calm herself down. Her mind kept flashing back to the moment she turned around and everyone saw her breasts. She had expected she would feel sad and upset, but all she was feeling now was an exhilaration. A growing excitement. Sure she had felt embarrassed in the moment, but those feelings had already passed. As she walked to the principal’s office, a question kept running through her mind. Had she actually just enjoyed what had happened to her?
 
It would turn out she would have a long time to think it over. As she walked into the main office, one of the secretaries behind the desk said, “You must be Abigail Larson.”
 
“Yes. That’s me.” Abbie answered.
 
“Ms. Bruster is attempting to get a hold of your mother right now. She would prefer to speak with both of you together and in person. Please take a seat.” The secretary said, pointing to a row of chairs lined up along one of the walls.
 
Abbie sat down in one of the chairs and began to ponder just what exactly her mother would say about all of this, with her new found views on female nudity.


