The Farm
by LostDreamer79

He takes her to a party at the farm to be shown off.

A Day at the Farm

I had caught wind of the parties some of the guys I work with had been bragging about attending, seems there is a farm out in the country with no neighbors for a few miles, lots of corn and cotton fields surround the home and there are several equipment barns.

Some of the parties got a bit wild I had heard, it wasn't uncommon for guys to bring their wives and/or girlfriends for the purpose of showing them off, especially after the alcohol got flowing.

While we were at one of our friends place on the lake, we got to talking about these parties and Becca asked me, "Why don't you and Dee ever come out to the Farm? I know you like showing her off as much as Trey likes to watch me show my shit."

I told her, "We had never been invited but I think I would love to watch you and Dee showing off at one of these parties, how many people usually show up?" I asked her.

"Sometimes twenty or thirty, sometimes over a hundred or so, depending on the occasion." She told me.

I am thinking to myself, "Holy fuck, that would be better than the party on the lake where she lost her top thanks to a few guys she was teasing."

I told Dee about the party we had been invited too, requesting she wear my favorite old shorts that she likes to wear around the house and sometimes to out of town events like trail rides and concerts. They are very tattered, holey and the back of short exposing a lot of her ass cheeks. And of course, one of her cropped white men's tank tops, you know the type girls wear in wet T-shirt contests.

We were about ready to leave the house around noon when she came out the bedroom telling me she was ready, wearing the shorts and one of the cropped tops with her tits hanging over the cut-out neckline of the top to show them off to me. This one had all the seams cut away from the straps and neck lines. I knew she was wearing it like this for me, because once it stretches out a little, there is nothing to help it recover.

"Are you going to wear it like that all day with your tits out?"

She just laughed at me, "You wish! Do I need to bring anything else?" She asked me.

"Oh no, you should be just fine just like you are!" Knowing with a little help from Becca, she may be topless part of the day or into the evening, I was hoping anyway. She pulled the top up over her boobs before walking out the front door.

It was about a forty-five minute drive to the other side of St. Bernard to the actual farm near the Waccamaw River. I kept looking over at her in that thin shirt, her big nipples almost visible through her old worn top and unsupported giving a little jiggle with each bump in the crappy roads in this state.

We were about fifteen minutes out when Trent called asking if we were close, saying several of the people were going to go do a float down the river, he wanted to know if we wanted to go as well.

I told him, "Sure, wait on us, but see if Becca has some bikini bottoms Dee could borrow, she didn't bring anything else except the shorts and tank top she is wearing."

He said he will see what he can round up for her, not even asking about a top for her, knowing better.

When we pulled up there were five pick-up trucks loaded with tubes, floats and a bunch of people milling around drinking. Trent was there with them, we stopped and asked where to park, he grabbed a bikini bottom from the hood of a truck, "These belong to Candice, only thing I could find for you." He told Dee.

It was a lot of strings and a narrow front and even less of a back to it. He just grinned knowing she would be showing off a lot of her ass cheeks in it.

Telling me to go on around that big oak and park in the field next to the tractor shed. As we rounded the shed there were a lot of vehicles and people already there, tailgates down, and coolers in the back of trucks.

We parked among them, backing into a spot and I told Dee, "Hurry up and change, they are waiting for us."

She had the bottoms in her hand and asked me, "Where?"

I told her, "Just step out the car and change, or in front of the car if you want to put on a show!"

"Yeah, I hear you!" As she opened her door, she stepped out hiding behind it dropping her shorts. She untangled the strings and slipped on the tiny bottoms, that were basically a G-string. It was a good thing that's what her and her friend had been wearing in the back yard, at times not even those, her ass was just as tanned as her legs.

Once she had the bottoms in place, she looked over at me, "Am I naked enough for you?" Knowing we came to this event so I could show her off to everyone at this party.

I just smiled at her, "You're getting there!"

"Trent didn't give you a top?"

I smiled at her again, "Naaaaa, just wear your tank top!" She gave me one of those tilled head, "Really" looks, knowing it will become see thru and stretched out once it gets wet.

Wrapping my arms around her, I kissed her briefly, "Baby sometimes these parties get a bit, let's say fun, you have no limits today, I want you to do whatever you want, OK?"

She looked at me a bit puzzled as I kissed her again and took her hand.

She left her sandals in the car along with her shorts and we headed to the trucks, apparently Trent had given the mostly guys, a heads up about Dee as they watched her walking down the road toward them, black strings tied at her hips, white shirt barely covering her jiggling tits.

Becca was waiting, giving us both hugs handing Dee one of the red solo cups in her hand, "Here drink up its Patron, let's get this party started!" Giving Dee a hug and groping her bare ass. There were more than a few shots of tequila in the cup. Dee gave her an evil grin and downed about half of it, many noticing the effect it had on her nipples now poking through the thin top.

One of the guys asking, "If this is everyone, lets load the hell up and get to the river!"

I was already feeling a bit proud of my wife, watching her in her thin cropped tank top and now the minimal G-string thong bikini bottoms with the small patch of material up front and the smaller triangle above her ass crack. Loving the looks she was getting from the crowd of mostly guys at this party, but also looks of lust from several of the ladies.

The people who were going tubbing piled into the backs of the truck, the guys letting the girls in first to watch their asses, several of the young ladies in thongs and G-strings, there were a lot of rose bud flashes and a few buried strings between lips as they climbed over the tail gates shamelessly.

One of the other girls in the truck introduced to us, a ginger in a yellow wicked weasel bikini with a string thong back. She was the girl who gave Trent the bottoms for Dee to wear to the river. I knew her bikini was going to be fun; Dee has one made out of the same material and is see thru once wet.

Dee was sitting between Trent and another guy I did not know; I was sitting on the opposite side of the back of the truck bed, watching Dee's unsupported boobs jiggle each time the truck hit a bump on the dirt road headed through the corn field to the private river access. I did notice she was the only one in a t-shirt, all the other girls were in bikini tops or one-piece bathing suits.

I was able to get out before Dee and watched her leaning over to step over the tail gate, I missed the view when we loaded up in the trucks of her leaning over giving people a nice view up the bottom of her shirt created by the weight of her boobs against the thin material, she was already gathering a lot of attention even though she was a bit older that a lot of the girls there, still the guys were ogling her and Becca.

A few coolers were forced inside innertubes and a rubber boat for the float down river, as some people began dragging floats and tubes into the water. I was able to use one of the chair type floats while Dee and Becca grabbed the flat ribbed floats.

I again just watched knowing Dee's top was about to become transparent. But she just pushed off and dropped down across the float with her boobs covered as she went partially under the water soaking the back of the thin top making it see thru just as I knew would happen.

I just hung back with Trent as we watched the already drunk guys flirting with our wives. Becca's ass cheeks had already consumed a bit of her bottoms, so it was nice seeing the two mostly bare asses floating a head of us. The girls were handed soda bottles of who knows what to sip from by the guys floating around them. I saw Candice in her yellow bikini, that just like Dee's, had become transparent showing off her nipples and lips as she sat atop a rose embossed float.

I don't know when it happened, but I noticed one of Dee's straps had fallen off her shoulder and the wet material was pasted halfway down her arm, damn she looked sexy with even more of her back exposed. I told Trent, "Those two would look hot as fuck if they were topless!"

He agreed telling me, "If Becca has had enough to drink, all someone has to do is ask her and that shit would be gone, she has been naked on this river float more than once and those guys know it."

We got to a shallow spot, everyone had to walk the floats over a fallen tree. When Dee stood up, we all got to see what I was waiting for. Her big soft nipples were on display through the wet sheer shirt, her not bothering to fix the strap hanging down her arm, most of her left boob was exposed to just above her nipple and I could tell the other side had stretched a bit the arm hole now well below the bottom of her other tit showing off a bit of side boob.

All the guys were a bit disappointed when she fixed the strap before dropping back down on her float once the bottom started dropping off again. One of the guys finally asked Becca if she was getting naked this trip.

"If the fuckin mood strikes me!" Was her reply.

I could see her and Becca talking after that, hoping it was about losing what they were wearing, this time a bottle of tequila was passed to them. I could tell by how much Dee was downing she was well on her way, no longer taking small sips.

I told Dee she better move those straps before she got some weird tan lines on her shoulders.

Becca yelled back at me, "You just want her to show off her tit's you pervert!"

"Yeah, and I want you to do the same, you both got some nice fucking tits!"

There were several guys yelling and agreeing with me.

She flipped halfway over, looking back over her shoulder, "Well come and take it off me then, I just bought it and I don't want to lose it, so you better hang on to it or I'll kick your ass!"

One of the other guys stood up on the rocky bottom about waist deep in front of Becca stopping her float from moving and wasted no time pulling her ties loose as I was paddling with my hands toward her. She rolled back and forth pulling it from under herself and leaned over to toss it my way. "Come on bitch, loose the t-shirt," she was pulling on Dee's wet top not realizing she was stretching the material even more.

I smiled watching Dee slide off her float, stand up on the now sandy river bottom pulling the sheer wet top over her head waiting for me to get close to her to give it to me, proudly showing off her tanned tits, before dropping back down on the float. She gave me a wicked grin and wink knowing I totally approved.

For another hour or so we got to watch their bare backs and occasional flashes of bare boobs as then would take drinks from bottles or move their wet hair from their faces. I was pleased to see Candice had untied the strap behind her neck, or someone else had, but she didn't seem to care.

When we hit another shallow area, they both stood up and walked hanging on the floats until there was water under them again, neither caring they were topless among at least twenty-five or so other guys, all ogling them and a few girls who were as daring and showing off as well. At first, I thought it was just the rocks under their feet but with the giggling, I realized they were both pretty buzzed.

Still hanging back with Trent, he loves showing off his wife as much as I do mine, and a couple of the other guys with a cooler in tow, we just watched our two girls floating topless being the center of attention, the other two topless girls had boyfriends hanging very close to them. Even though they are both aged and no longer had the perky boobs like the young girls flooding ahead of them, they are both still incredible to look at, obviously as the guys were flocking around them.

Dee keeps looking over at me smiling, giggling knowing that I am enjoying her exhibitionism. Knowing and encourage her when she has someone participating in her game and the amount of alcohol helps as well to keep her going further.

I catch her eye and motion for her to untie the knots on the sides of her bikini bottoms. Grinning, she takes my encouragement and I see her untie one side, then the other. Pulling the strings from between her legs balling it up in her hand, even though it was only two thin strings and she's covered by the water, it's still sexy as hell looking at her completely bare hips while floating next to her admires.

When offered more to drink it was incredible watching her sit up with the float between her legs, the bikini bottoms no longer tied around her waist and the small patch of material no longer there giving a vision of her now being completely bare assed. Just as she is exposed in the front by the lack of the bikini bottoms that are no longer in place, realizing it wouldn't take much for my beautiful wife to be completely exposed in front of all these guys.

Eventually a few of the other younger girls ended up losing their tops with some encouragement and more alcohol, eventually ended up being five or six more topless girls floating down the river before we got to the boat landing to get out.

It was only a few hours total of floating, we approach the landing where the pickup trucks we're already waiting for us, the drivers of the trucks drinking beer were enjoying the topless girls as they approached the small sandy spot near the public boat landing where they usually end their floats.

A few of the girls were putting their tops back on, except a chesty redhead chick, I heard someone call her Tiffany, in a white and pink G-string bottom, who didn't even bother to cover up, I had noticed her earlier being played with by a few guys while on and off her float.

I watched in anticipation as to what Dee was going to do, neither her or Becca had tops and Dee's bikini bottoms were completely untied and bunched up in her hand. She was not showing anything as she used her hands to paddle in closer to the shallower water. I walked up to her through the water dragging my tube, I asked her if she needed help with her bottoms, telling her she seemed to have had a few too many on the float.

She smiled up at me, "A few? I am fucked up baby! Will you help me tie this shit back on me?"

"Come on and stand up so I can dress you," grabbing her hands helping her to her feet, she is a bit wobbly, but can stand just fine. I grabbed her float and tossed it up on the beach, hanging on to her bottoms with the other hand. I just took in her body just as everyone else was doing helping her walk up onto the sandy beach and off the rocks on the bottom of the river.

Then helping her get the mass of strings in place as everyone looked on a few making comments about her not needing the bottoms. Trent and I grabbed the two floats and the two tops, and we headed up to the trucks. Trent had already carried Becca's and his floats to a truck, as well helping to load coolers as the guys ogled the topless ladies waiting to get in the back of the pick-ups.

While they girls were being chatted up by the guys, the redhead was climbing in the back of one of the trucks when the driver told her, "Sweetie, you got some pretty titties, but we have to go out on the highway, and I don't want either of us to get a ticket!"

The guys all told him to shut up, she is fine. Trent told Becca and Dee, "Yeah y'all might wanta put your tops back on too."

All Becca said was, "Well Fuck!" as Trent handed her the bikini top off the side of the truck where he had left it helping load the trucks. I grinned knowing Dee's top was going to be on her, but almost useless as I pulled in from my pocket, opening the stretched out white top.

It fit just as I suspected, the arm holes were now hanging well below the bottoms of her tits, and the straps hung over her hard nipples but there was still a lot of pink areola showing from the sides of both straps that were now only about three-quarters on an inch wide, even thinner at her shoulders, leaving the center open just as far as the sides dipping well below the bottom of her cleavage, her under boobs no longer a thing.

"This thing isn't going to last much longer." I was thinking to myself.

As other guys in the back of the truck with us are telling Becca and Dee they can get topless again once we get moving, others telling them to just get naked. Trent and I just look at each other smiling and nodding approval of their comments to our wives.

On the trip back the guys were sharing a bottle of straight Patron and the mix of Coconut rum and pineapple juice in the soda bottles with the two of them. It only takes minutes after leaving the dirt road and onto the paved highway for the wind to blow Dee's strap off her shoulder to her elbow exposing her bare breast, blowing the other side on and off her other nipple.

I am beyond proud of her seeing her half naked in public in front of these people in the back of a pick-up truck heading down the highway, and she doesn't care one bit as a matter of fact I had noticed over the years she had developed a desire of showing off her boobs to others and I was loving it.

I see her giving me an evil grin and a wink, as she pulls her hair out of her face, I can tell she is well aware of her show and is in her own little world now.

It is about a twenty-minute ride back to the farm on Wire Road where we passed a few other vehicles, a few beeping horns as they passed the trucks the river floaters were in. When we finally got back the crowd had grown to twice the people when we left, many turning to see the trucks pulling back in.

The truck behind us only had one girl in the back, Tiffany. She was already missing her top and giggling while fighting off hands that were groping her tits and had already untied the left side of her bikini bottoms. As soon as the truck stopped, she stood up, losing her bottoms completely, squealing and laughing drawing more attention. As she exited the back of the truck several guys helped her out, lifting her up and carrying her a little ways totally naked before setting her back down.

When they set her on her own feet she said, "You guys are assholes, I need a fucking drink!" And off she went with several guys following her bare wiggling ass.

I looked over at Dee with her left tit still exposed the strap still hanging at her elbow, she was grinning and gave her head an evil little head tilt before her and Becca climbed out.

Candice calls out to Trent, "Hey bro, I need my bottoms back from your friend!"

Trent laughs, "Right now? Strip'um off Dee!"

Several of the guy's cheer waiting and hoping.

She laughs at him, "I am going to the car to get my shorts first." And off they go toward our car along with several of the guys we had been floating with, she pulls the shirt strap back up over her nipple, the top now doing nothing to cover her nice jiggling boobs.

Becca looks over at me, "I guess they wanted an up-close look at her shit!"

We just watch as she reaches through the window, Trent pulls the two ties stripping her of her bottoms as the other guys look on, this time she is not even opening a door to hide behind, turning to stand facing them as she starts to step into her shorts. One of the guys pointing his phone at her, "hang on a second," another taking her shorts from her hand.

Another guy tells her, "Let's see the whole package," reaching to pull the shirt over her head. She is so drunk and giggly she lifts her arms letting him. I just watched as those guys stripped my gorgeous wife, several more people looked on, several having phones pointed at her. I had mixed feelings seeing my wife standing there in all her glory her soft body being ogled by everyone, her big round soft tits jiggling each time she moved. But I was also turned on a bit seeing her naked in broad daylight surrounded by strangers, her not caring one bit.

I ask Becca, "You going to change or just wear the bikini until you lose it?"

She laughed at me, "I am going to the truck, I brought an outfit to change into just for you and Trey to enjoy, sluttist thing I could come up with for you two! Come on, Trent will take good care of her."

I wasn't sure what that meant, but my wife was now naked at this growing party as I see a few more guys walking over to take pictures of her. Being a bit buzzed myself and wanting a chance to see Becca naked in person, I decide to follow her looking over to see Dee now being lead from between the car and the truck I parked next to, to the back of the car now more in the open for the crowd, her now one of the few naked women at the party.

I followed Becca passed a row or two of mostly trucks heading further away towards more vehicles parked under some shade trees, there were groups of people standing around drinking beer sitting on tail gates, a few open bottles of liquor here and there.

I couldn't help but watch her boobs jiggling with each step she took, being held up by the loosely tied top, smiling to myself I couldn't wait any longer. I pulled her back sting of her bikini top, figuring if Trent can instigate my wife being stripped in public, why can't I do the same to his wife? I reached behind her neck pulling the knot untied hanging onto the string bringing her top over her shoulder as people looked on getting a few "woohoo's" of approval, one girl telling Becca, "Nice tits!"

She just grinned, thanking the girl for her comment.

It was just a few more steps and I asked her to hold up a second. Stepping behind her, hooking my thumbs in her bottoms, "I just want to watch your bare ass if you don't mind!"

She laughed at me, "I thought you just liked boobs?" As I dropped her bottoms to her feet, she stepped out of them continuing to walk toward her Escalade a good fifty feet away. She looked back at me, "See anything you like?"

"The whole fuckin package!" I replied.

She walked to the back of her SUV hitting the button to lift the hatch, as soon as it opened, I tossed her bikini in the back. I stepped back to see her ass as she bent over, a little more than she needed too I was thinking, showing me her puffy pussy lips from behind, I watched her boobs swinging forward, then placed my hand into her ass crack running a finger down between her lips to find she was already very moist.

She grabbed a sheer scarf and what looked like a very narrow jean skirt, both hands flat on the deck of the back of the compartment as she arched her back a bit. "Don't do that unless you are ready to finish it right fucking now!"

I looked around at the people still watching her and decided even though she and Dee had drank way too much, I had not just yet. "Maybe later!" I sheepishly replied not ready to put on a public performance.

She smiled at me, "Too Shy?"

She placed the sheer purple scarf over her head, already having a knot in it making it a simple loop. The scarf just draped over her tits, leaving a lot of bare side boobs and cleavage exposed in the center, her nipples were somewhat visible through the sheer gauze like material, even better there was nothing holding it in place, allowing her tits and the top to move freely.

I just watched as she tugged the extremely short skirt into place. The belt line was cut away and there was just enough material to hold the zipper intact at the bottom center she pushed it down more so it hung low on her hips, just low enough to conceal her pussy lips, barely.

"Whatcha think?" As she turned around reaching for the back hatch switch, the purple knot showed thru her hair behind her neck, her back bare to the waist band of her skirt, the top of her ass cheeks showing.

"I love it, lots of easy access and exposure!"

"You are just as perverted as my husband, feel free to show me off today if you want!" She giggled.

We headed back to where we had left Dee with Trent and his friends, I was kind of hoping she wasn't dressed yet. Then again, she kind of needed to be even though her top was about useless now.

We moved over a row walking down what was sorta the main driveway that led to the old farm house where people had parked, when Becca calls out to a blonde girl in a denim dress named Lexie drinking with a group of eight or ten guys, when she turned around all I could look at were her huge tits and one narrow strap to her elbow. Becca giggled, "I knew you would like her; she loves showing her tits to the guys!"

Becca gave her a hug, sliding her hand inside the cup of the dress pushing it off her boob exposing her big lite pink nipple as she groped her. Lifting her boob to her lips while dropping her mouth to the girls now exposed nipple and sucking on it making it hard in her mouth. I loved how Becca's top fell away showing off her boobs to the guys watching the two of them.

Becca giggles telling her, "You minds well just go put this shit in your truck, so you don't lose it later." As Becca pulled the strap over her hand exposing her whole left tit. The guys all agreeing with Becca telling her she should.

"Damn y'all, I just got here, at least let me get a good buzz going!" As she stood there with her left boob out not bothering to cover up, they handed her a bottle of Jack telling her to drink up.

We left them heading to look for Trent and Dee, "Bet you liked that shit, didn't you?"

I was adjusting myself as she was giggling at me.

When we found them, Dee did have her shorts back on, but they were unbuttoned and unzipped just floating on her nice curvy hips, looking sexy as hell, a little lower and her pussy would be showing, and I am sure they would have dropped to the ground. She was still topless; I love seeing her round soft tits bare in the outdoors especially when other people are around to enjoy them also.

One of Trent's friends had her top. Becca told the guy to give it back to her, he laughed "I tried!" Candice was with them, the girl Trey had borrowed the bikini bottoms from for Dee to wear, she was still naked which I am sure was motivating Dee to stay topless.

Becca took it from him and helped her back into it, again the stretched out narrow straps did little to cover her big soft nipples and boobs. We headed over to where a band was setting up on a hay trailer, Becca and Dee getting a lot of looks from everyone, and I was loving it. Dee's jiggling boobs out from under the straps more than they were under them.

Some guys who knew Trent and Becca called them over to their trucks where they had backed in to watch the band and the women. There was a cute young blonde with them in an orange dress sitting in the back of a Dodge truck, one side of the dress hanging down her arm showing off a blaa kinda support bra and flashing her white lace panties with her feet up on the tailgate.

Each one of the guys wanting to give Becca a hug, their eyes going to her exposure at the bottom of her skirt and to Dee with her nipples almost covered at the moment. Trey, with his arm over Dee's shoulder, introduced us to them, "This is my buddy Sean and his gorgeous wife, as you can see, Dee."

As a few of the guys stepped forward to give her a good ole southern greeting of a hug, Trent drug his arm across her back pulling the strap off her shoulder, allowing it to drop to below her elbow giving them an unobstructed view of her boob. She didn't care, not bothering to fix it as she received hugs from the guys.

I could tell the little blonde was now a bit put out, no longer being the center of attention, so did Becca smiling at her. We stood there chatting, passing around a bottle of Jack, when one of the guys says to Dee, "If you're not going to fix that strap, you outa just take it off!"

Giggling she said, "What, walk around the rest of the day topless?"

I looked over at Becca, "I have no issue with either of you being half naked out here, not that either of you aren't already! Except for this young thing here, she seems a bit too shy."

I about shit when Becca took a few steps towards Dee, grabbed the center of her top under her boobs and ripped the shirt down the center. She then pushed to back off her shoulders, allowing it to fall to the ground. Dee laughed and acted shy covering her nipples briefly with her hands, "Oh my God Becca, I wasn't showing enough already! Now what am I going to wear?"

Becca replied, "You Fine Sweetie!" Everyone laughed, one of the guys handing her the bottle of Jack. I just smiled as I looked over at her in just the shorts that were still floating a bit unzipped and unbuttoned on her hips. The blonde sat there with her mouth open looking at Dee's now bare chest, she now was fitting in with most of the guys at the party what were also shirtless.

A few, mostly guys had taken pictures of the girls already but now that she was completely topless more and more people were snapping pictures of Dee and few posing with her and Becca once they saw the bottom of Becca's skirt, they were both eating it up the attention from the younger guys around them.

I told the blonde, "Girlie, you need to lose some more buttons and that bra at least and join them."

One of the guys says, "Hay that's my girlfriend you know!"

I just smile, "Yeah, and she's my wife, I noticed you staring at her and Becca's tits and her revealing skirt, you are ok with others women but not yours? I don't care who sees her, I am quite proud of her!"

The guys all laughing at him, then encouraging Tina to show a little more, to which she declines join in on their fun. One of the guys finally offers Becca his spot on the tailgate, and she accepts, sitting with her knees apart giving an even better view of her bare pussy.

The party was really cranking up a little bit before dark, the band started to warm up playing a few songs, calling out a few girls standing around the trailer to flash their boobs, even calling up a few almost or actually already bare-chested ladies to dance.

A few more of Trent's friends had found us, including the guys that helped Dee change at the car. More people were starting to mingle in the open field, many doing double takes as they walked past Dee and Becca.

After a few songs they start one that Becca likes, "Come on Sean, let's go Dance, Trent ain't a dancer!"

That was more of an order than a request as she hopped down taking my hand, her skirt a bit higher on her hips showing off more of her ass and all her pussy now.

We are a little bit into the crowd, mostly girls dancing, but I can still see Dee from where we are. I grab the back of Becca's scarf and pulled it down her back, exposing her boobs. "Damn took you this long, I figured you would have stripped it off me after I ripped Dee's top off!"

"You don't have to tell me twice!" I pull it up over her head stuffing it in my back pocket. As we dance, I work her skirt higher, above her hips to her waist. She has quite an audience now as people watch her dancing all but naked, drunk guys making almost vulgar comments to her.

Looking over I see Dee in no longer standing at the tail gate with Trent, thinking she must have gone to pee or something. I keep dancing with Becca until the end of the song, I mean she was just about naked and looking quite sexy, she let me grope her tits and ass most of the time.

When we get back to the truck, I ask Trent where Dee went. "She was just right here, I was busy watching you strip Becca," he too looked around for her while he laughed.

I walk around to the front of the truck and see people the next row over, figured I would go ask them if they had seen a topless blonde.

I cross over and was about three trucks away and I realize Dee is among them, only she was naked her shorts laying in the dirt a few trucks away from where she was and between from where I was watching from, they had obviously stripped her before getting to the truck. She was bowing a guy sitting on the tailgate while another is pounding into her from behind, two others are groping her big soft swinging tits, rolling and pulling on her big nipples.

I just froze and watched, we had done a few threesomes, but this was totally new. Watching four guys using my wife at a party in broad daylight, the guy she is sucking has her hair pulled back using it as a handle forcing her to take more and more of his cock down her throat, he must be a bit endowed as I hear a few gags. A few other people appeared to be videoing them with their phones pointed at Dee.

I see the guy behind her pull her hips to him, unloading deep inside her. He rests there a few more seconds before pulling out and zipping up, telling the others, "Y'all better hurry up before her husband comes looking for her!"

The black guy with them that was pawing her tits says, "Well I'm going to wear this shit out first." He steps out of his shorts walking up behind her giving her ass crack a few slaps with his growing and impressive cock. Me knowing she has never taken anything that large before just watch knowing she is about to be surprised. He spreads her cheeks with his hand looking for her opening and pushes into her using the cum from the last guy.

I can hear a immediate moan, almost painful noise coming from her as the first guy finally forces his cock deeper down her throat, muffling her from saying anything.

I watch as the black guy's cock grows bigger with each stroke into her. She is trying to reach back but the guys groping her tits are in the way. The guy using her mouth pushes her head down, obviously filling her throat with his juices as it drops from her mouth and into her long blonde hair.

I watched in amazement, turned on by the fact I was watching my very drunk wife being used by multiple men without discussing it with me first, an unspoken agreement we had always had. Not to mention the fact it was in broad daylight where anyone could be watching and several were, males and females, making it even more erotic.

Watching her boobs bounce each time the guy, who was now slamming into her from behind, her feet going up on her tiptoes many times, with no regard to his size or what she can handle.

For the second time today, I watch a guy pull her ass into his crotch flooding her with cum. Followed shortly by the guy using her mouth pulling her face away and covering her face with several thick sticky of white ribbons.

The black guy just zipped up and walked away leaving her dripping cum down the insides of her legs and onto the ground, her hands now on the tailgate to hold herself up.

The guy who just covered her face helped her steady herself looking for her shorts. "Come on Dee, we need to get you dressed and back to the truck where Trent is waiting." He helped her into her shorts, watching I wasn't sure if she was so wobbly from the hard fucking she just received or the alcohol she had consumed all day, or maybe a lot of both.

Seeing them heading back, I just slipped back around from the other direction where Trey and Becca were earlier.

Becca asked me, "Ya find her?"

"No, she may have gone to the house or something to use the restroom maybe."

Still a bit excited from watching her, as well as her being watched by others taking on four guys. I didn't have the nerve to tell anyone, 'Yeah she was over there getting fucked by four guys.'

We hear her giggling coming back from in front of the trucks. Her shorts back on her but still unbuttoned and left completely unzipped. She looked so incredible walking around the party topless not caring who saw her. The guy with her was one of the guys I had floated with along with Trey earlier in the day watching the girls show off.

"Damn Kevin, where you been?" Trent asked him before noticing Dee's facial.

Dee came around trying to get up on the tailgate to sit down, one of the other guys quickly grabbed her high above her waist, his hands sliding up under her boobs and lifted her up. She was sitting a bit un-lady like, I could see the wetness on the narrow-soaked seam running through her red swollen lips, the shorts did nothing to conceal her from everyone facing her.

One of the other guys that had used her, moments ago, handed her a Mt. Dew bottle of the rum and pineapple juice they had been drinking earlier. She quickly downed about half of it, I am thinking how is she even able to stand or even sitting up?

She passed it to Becca, after she gulped down a good bit of it, "Damn I am about fucked up y'all!" Becca was smiling, knowing where she had been looking at her face, she walked over and leaning back against me leaning against the side of the truck. "You know, you need to lose this skirt it is totally useless." I whisper to her.

"I am only wearing it because no one has taken it off me yet," she replied.

Trent just smiled hearing her response, he was more taking in the view of Dee being topless and her wet used pussy on display in those old shorts, more than paying attention to Becca.

Not sure if I was ready for Dee to be completely naked in this growing crowd, I just left her skirt in place high on her hips. I ran my hands up her waist and onto her boobs giving them a hard squeeze, still turned on from watching Dee just a bit ago, I wanted to feel Becca's tits.

Becca just giggled as I rolled her hard nipples between my fingers giving them a little pinch. I could feel her pushing back against me with her ass as I played with her, acknowledging she was liking what I was doing to her. Most of the guys around us, I had assumed, had seen her not only topless, but naked in the past, but she always makes one's eyes feel good with her hot body, and they never get enough of it.

I continued to play with her boobs, Trent giving me a wink. I returned a nod towards Dee who was wiggling a bit to the beat of the music causing her incredible tits to jiggle and sway.

He smiled at me, "Davis, you should take Dee to dance." He wasted no time, stepping over taking her hands helping her off the tailgate, once she got to her feet, she was pleasantly wobbly, giggling as they steadied her.

Davis a tall much younger guy and was happy to follow Trent's suggestion, taking her hand from him. Watching them walking away the much younger guy slipped his hand down the back of her shorts, his fingers coming out the bottom as he squeezed her ass, causing the shorts to go lower on her hips.

Becca leaned back into me, "She is going to get fucked out here like that."

I whispered back to her, "She already has earlier."

She just giggled, "I figured that's where she was at, the little slut!"

"I want to watch her get used some more, can you help me with that?"

"Come on," she took my hand leading me through the crowd and behind the hay trailer being used as a stage, to the old hay barn. She looked so sexy watching her bare back knowing her tits were on display and her skirt doing nothing to cover her ass so her pussy had to be just as visible.

Coming from the parking area was the curvy redhead named Lexie that Becca had introduced me too earlier in the denim dress and red cowboy hat. She was no longer wearing her hat, nor her dress for that matter. Her rather large boobs swinging about as she walked, wasn't as curvy as she had appeared earlier it was her big tits that added to her heaviness.

She walked up to Becca giving her a hug, the two of the mashing their tits against each other. "That fucking Timmy dared me to take my dress off, then the asshole took it and ran away with it!" She giggled. We could both tell she was a bit on the fucked-up side.

She and Becca walked together into the old barn, arms around each other's backs. Inside the barn was a group of about twenty people that had formed a semi-circle, drinking, making comments and watching.

In the middle of the group there were two young ladies, I recognized the redhead, Tiffany, from the float. They were both naked, on their knees, sucking and jerking guys off. It appeared they had been doing it a while, their faces, hair, and chests covered in cum. Several girls were also looking on being felt up by the guys standing beside and behind them, I am guessing their boyfriends, husbands, or just lucky guys in the right spot, I saw rings on at least two hands of at the ladies being groped.

Becca took my hand placing it over Lexie's huge boob as we watched the two girls, "Feel these bitches." Who was I to argue?

It was wild watching the two of them being so slutty, groping the redhead's tits. "Like this?" Becca asked me.

I looked her up and down imagining her died red hair and face looking like the redheads.

"Can I watch you doing that?"

She just giggled, "It has happened before."

Lexie giggled, "More than once!" She leaned over kissing Becca on the mouth running her hands over Becca's exposed boobs.

Becca giggled, "We got to get back before we are missed," she told Lexie leaving her in the barn to the debauchery.

Almost back to the trucks where we left Trent watching and chatting, Becca laughed, "There is your slutty wife!"

She was sandwiched between two guys much younger that she was, the guy in front who took her out to dance, now had both hands buried inside the back of her shorts, I could only imagine where those fingers were.

The other guy had a hand on one tit, the other buried down the front of her shorts, the narrow seam doing nothing to hide the fact he was fingering my beautiful wife in front of all those people.

Becca walked in the crowd and took her hand, "Come on sweetie, the night is still young." As she gave Dees shorts a tug up higher.

I walked a bit parallel to them, watching the two gorgeous older topless women putting many of the younger girls to shame. Becca's ass exposed not even covered at all by her skirt which meant her pussy was just as much on display, Dee's ass hanging out the bottom of her shorts, the side now ripped all the way up to her the belt line. 'Damn that makes her thighs look sexy!'

Back at the truck she sat back against the tail gate again, taking a mason jar from a guy she had no idea who he was, to chug its contents. I am now a bit concerned she was over doing the alcohol, not wanting to have a puking hottie on my hands later.

She had a grin on her face that wouldn't come off, remnants of cum still on the side of her face. She turns to Becca, "Did you see those guys, their hands were everywhere, and fuck did it feel good!"

"Yeah we saw you, that's why I came and got you!" She laughed at her.

She looks over at me, "Oh my and you saw them too? You're not mad at me are you baby?" slurring extremely bad due to God only knows what she has consumed tonight.

I just smiled at her, "You know that's why I wanted to bring you here, to show off that hot fucking body of yours, and let you have fun!"

She turns wrapping her arms around me, kissing me, burying her tongue in my mouth before I realized what she was doing. Aware of the fact she had already had two dicks explode in her mouth, but it was so fucking hot, making out with my half naked wife, groping her bare breasts in front of all these people, I just went with it.

After the sun had set, another of the younger guys hanging out with us said out loud, "Damn I want in on a little of that shit!"

I broke the kiss tugging her shorts a bit high, trying to bury the wet seam between her swollen lips, "Go dance with her then!" He wasted no time take my invitation.

As she was walking away Becca leans over, "You better keep an eye on her, that boy is a whore dog!"

I just smiled, "I have been keeping an eye on both y'all sexy bitches!"

Sure enough, his hands went inside the back of her shorts briefly groping her bare ass. He then turned her around, pushing his hand down the front of her already unbuttoned and unzipped old tattered shorts. She just leaned back into him her hips riding his fingers, not caring who was watching her, she covered his hand from the outside of her shorts with her hands holding them still tight against her.

It didn't take long for a second guy, then a third to join them. I could only watch as the shorts were pushed down from her hips to her thighs, I wasn't the only one that noticed, as I started to see flashes from cell phones. Becca leaned over, "You want me to go stop it again?"

"Naaa, this is fucking awesome, I have never seen her so drunk and slutty, and it is a fucking turn on like you wouldn't believe." I just watched as her shorts dropped from sight.

Trent just smiled and agreed with me, "Go on sweetie, go join her."

She just gave him a shitty grin, took a drink from a mason jar filled with a tan liquid, then tugged her skirt as low as she could get it without it dropping off her hips, well below her hip bones. Any lower and her pussy would have been showing from the top instead of the bottom. Off she went with a nice display of butt cheeks still showing and the bottom of her ass crack on display.

She was intercepted before she got to Dee by two guys who saw her heading out to dance.

It wasn't long before I could no longer see Dee dancing in the crowd now surrounded by young guys, some half her age, who were playing with my wife. Becca was there near her making sure we could all see her being groped by the guys, her skirt now more of a belt around her waist.

After a bit Becca finally excused herself from the guys enjoying her body, heading back over to us, making an attempt to return her skirt to her waist. "Ya'll better go find Dee, I couldn't get to her for all the hands on me, but she left with a bunch of guys heading over in that direction."

Becca pointed to where people had parking in the big cow pasture turned parking lot.

Trent and I went looking for Dee, walking the perimeter of the trucks backed into the field, looking into the crowd of people dancing and grinding and out into the pasture.

About a quarter the way around, Trent heard her first as he turned toward the trucks, I followed him. It didn't take long to find her being held up by her arms and legs spread apart by two different guys as one of her dance partners was now buried into her pussy causing her to moan with pleasure. Other guys were groping her bouncing tits. We both just stopped in the shadows and watched. It was hard to count the number of guys waiting a turn.

I watched as a guys moved to her face tilting her head back and slipping their cock down her throat muffling her moans and screams of pleasure. Her long blonde hair hanging down waving to the rhythm of the two guys fucking her mouth and pussy.

One of the guys asking the others, "Where did you find this bitch, she a fucking dick hound!"

As guys would unload inside her they would slip out and quickly be replaced by another, some using condoms, others not caring. This went on for almost an hour before I told Trent I think she has had enough. We made our way over to the small crowd, Trent told them they need to break it up, she needed to get back over to her husband, not telling them it was me.

The two guys using her finish flooding her one last time with cum before she was placed on the ground. She couldn't even stand up; a combination of the alcohol and her pussy being used by so many guys.

We got her to her feet and carried her to our car as she was mumbling and giggling. Trent held her up while I put the car seat back and laid a towel down to catch the bodily fluids leaking from between her thighs. With the interior light on she looked a mess, cum covering her face, globed up in her pretty blonde hair, streams between her tits where some guys pull out to decorate her body.

Trent tried to apologize for his friends and what they had done to her, he still had not taken his eyes off her naked cum covered body and her bright red hard nipples. I told him, "It was fine, this is why we came to the party. Well maybe not this but, look at her, she is fucking awesome!"

I just smiled as Trent pulled out his phone and snapped a few pictures of her, "You need to forward those too me!" As I walked around the to the other side of the car to get in and head home.
