Hawaiian Abduction
by DBwriter51
Copyright© 2022 by DBwriter51

Chapter 3

Don had gotten LeeAnn and took her to the cabin where Kaimana Aukai was being held. When they walked into the cabin, LeeAnn could see the beautiful and sexy nude Hawaiian teen lying on the bunk. Her arms were stretched out above her head and her small wrists were shackled and attached at the head of the bunk. The young beauty had a ball gag in her mouth keeping her unable to speak or cry out. LeeAnn could see the sheer terror in Kaimana’s beautiful dark eyes, and the nude teen’s large flawless breasts were rising and falling as she breathed deeply.

“The young bitch is a virgin. I want her pussy ready to be fucked,” Bart demandingly told LeeAnn.

“Yes sir,” the sexy blonde replied. LeeAnn knew what he wanted her to do. Wanted her to use lesbian sex to force the innocent teen’s sexy body to respond, making her pussy wet and slick before she was raped. The beautiful and sexy blonde remembered her first few days and nights aboard the yacht and how she was sexually abused. Repeatedly fucked by the four men while also being forced to perform oral sex and swallow their baby-making cum, and she had not been a virgin at the time.

Don had gone over and sat down on the padded long storage bench alongside Bart. Earl and Harvey were standing by the bunk, one on each side. That particular day, LeeAnn had been up on deck earlier, and as a result, she was wearing a sexy string bikini. As she had done many times in front of the four men, the beautiful blonde reached behind her back and pulled the drawstring of her bikini top loose. LeeAnn then reached behind her neck and pulled the other drawstring loose. She caught her bikini top as it fell away, leaving her magnificent flawless breasts exposed.

After laying her top on the bench between Brad and Don, LeeAnn pulled the drawstrings loose on the sides of her bikini bottoms. The blonde then pulled it away from her nude body and laid it with her top. LeeAnn no longer felt humiliated, or even uneasy, being naked in front of others. Any resentment, along with resistance, had long been fucked out of her. LeeAnn was now an obedient sex slave in service to the yacht’s crew and whomever they chose for her to spend time with, male or female. She no longer had to be kept locked in her cabin while not in use.

LeeAnn, now nude, walked over to the bunk. Earl and Harvey each got ahold of one of Kaimana’s ankles and forced her smooth beautifully tanned legs apart. The teen struggled, squirming, and pulling at her restraints while biting down on the ball gag in her mouth. However, all she managed to accomplish was to cause her incredible sexy D-cup breasts to wobble wildly, to the enjoyment of the men. While the two men held Kaimana’s legs open, LeeAnn eased on the bunk, knelt in-between the young brunette’s spread legs, and lowered her mouth down on Kaimana’s pussy.

Even at eighteen, Kaimana was a sweet innocent girl that never saw herself as hot and sexy. She did have to admit that her 36-24-36 body was shapely. Actually, her D-cup breasts embarrassed her. She was constantly having to keep the boy’s she dated from groping her. Kaimana did occasionally allow a boy to feel her breasts through her clothes while they were kissing. However, it was only after several dates, and she had to really like the boy. Also, if a boy had been too aggressive and flagrant, Kaimana would not go out with him again. All that was slowly starting to change when she’d started going steady with her current boyfriend. Now she had been abducted and was being forced to let a pretty blonde eat her pussy.

After several minutes, Kaimana was pulling at her legs as the two men held them open. She was uncontrollably working her hips and letting out low garbled moans muffled by the ball gag in her mouth. LeeAnn was going after Kaimana’s little clit, using her lips and tongue, with proficiency obtained from many previous performances. The blonde knew that her being the men’s sex slave, if she failed to cause the young teen to climax, she would be punished. While LeeAnn was using her mouth on Kaimana’s pussy, Carl and Harvey were groping the beautiful Hawaiian teen’s fabulous nude breasts. They were pinching her nipples and making them respond.

The men liked the way Kaimana’s nipple poked out when they pinched them. They rolled her nipples between their thumbs and fingers. All the while LeeAnn was using her mouth on the teen’s little clit and pussy. Then the men watched while Kaimana bucked and jerked at her restraints. They knew she was having an orgasm. After she settled down, LeeAnn raised up and said, “She is ready,” in a low obedient voice.

However, LeeAnn felt sorry for the teen that was going to be gangraped by four grown men, old enough to be her father, as it would be a rough way to lose her virginity. Earl and Harvey had turned loose of Kaimana’s legs, letting her close them. When LeeAnn got off the bunk, Bart told her, “You did well with the Hawaiian teen.”

“Thank you,” the nude blonde replied, while standing there waiting for further instructions.

Bart was taking off his clothes and, when he was naked, he walked over to the little table at the head of the bunk. Pulling open the little drawer, he took a condom packet and handed it to LeeAnn. She knew what he intended and knelt down in front of Bart. The beautiful and sexy blonde then took Bart’s semi-hard cock in her mouth as she had done many times before and started sucking him to full erection. While LeeAnn was performing her task, Bart told Carl and Harvey, “Go ahead and put the bitch’s ankles in the restraints.”

The two men grabbed Kaimana’s ankles and once again forced her smooth sexy young legs spread wide. This time her ankles were locked in the restraints, keeping her legs wide open and her young pussy completely exposed and vulnerable. For the next several hours Kaimana would be repeatedly fucked as the four men took turns on top of the innocent eighteen-year-old. Each man would take the teen three times during her first night aboard the yacht. However, it would be Bart that took her virginity.

Once LeeAnn had Bart’s cock hard, she eased her mouth off of his cock. The blonde then tore open the condom packet, took out the lubricated condom and rolled it on Bart’s cock. He then got on the bunk with Kaimana, who was desperately shaking her head ‘no.’ She was at his total mercy. Forced to lie there with her legs spread while he lined the head of his hard cock with the entrance of her virgin pussy. Then a low muffled scream was heard in the cabin as Bart’s inflamed meat-pole went tearing past Kaimana’s no longer intact hymen. LeeAnn had gotten the young Hawaiian beauty’s pussy slick enough that Bart was able to imbed the entire length of his cock in her.

Bart could feel Kaimana’s nice firm D-cup breasts against his bare chest while he was forcing his hard cock in-and-out of her tight pussy with hard abusive strokes. While he was fucking the Hawaiian beauty, Harvey had taken off his clothes in anticipation of going next. LeeAnn was on her knees leisurely sucking his cock, keeping it at full erection while he watched Bart fuck Kaimana.

With a loud grunt, Bart ejaculated with his cock completely in the Hawaiian beauty’s pussy. When he pulled out of the teen’s tight pussy, on the outside of the condom were some light bloody streaks left by her torn hymen. Inside the condom was a large amount of baby-making cum. When Bart got up off of Kaimana, Harvey, also using a lubricated condom, took his place and was now fucking the teen.

After Bart discarded his used condom, he had LeeAnn to use her sexy mouth to clean the remnant of his cum off of his cock. While Harvey was giving the Hawaiian teen another hard fucking, Earl and Don took off their clothes. Sitting on the padded bench they had LeeAnn, still nude, to alternate sucking their cocks while they watched Kaimana being fucked for the second time. After Harvey finished with her, they each took a turn with the beautiful and sexy Hawaiian teen.

Now that the four men had viciously raped Kaimana, they released her ankles and wrists from the shackles as Bart told the teen, “You know now what will happen to you if you attempt to resist having sex with us. Also, you will be severely punished if you disobey any of us. You will live here on the yacht, performing any and all sexual acts we require, until we decide otherwise. There is no escape.” Bart then removed the ball gag from the teen’s mouth and asked, “Do you understand your situation and what is required of you?”

“Yes,” Kaimana answered, in a low defeated voice after not being able to speak for several hours. Big tears filled her beautiful dark eyes as she spread her legs making her pussy available. Bart then fucked her again. After he had later finished with the Hawaiian teen for his third time, Bart took LeeAnn and went to his cabin where she spent the night with him as she had done many nights before. It was not uncommon now for the beautiful and sexy blonde to be taken to one of the men’s cabins for the night, instead of her own. More often with Bart than the others.

While the other three men were continuing to sexually abuse Kaimana, she did not arrive home at the expected time. After the teen was over an hour late, her mother called the travel agency’s office, but there was no answer. Kaimana’s mother, knowing that the teen’s boyfriend was on the mainland, called her daughter’s boss at the travel agency. However, Kalena Akamai told the teen’s mother, “I would not overly worry. Kaimana is a very responsible girl. She is probably just out with some of her friends and has just lost tract of time. After all, it is Friday night.”

“I am sure you are right. Sorry for bothering you,” Kaimana’s mother said, before hanging up the phone. She then was thinking, ‘Kaimana is eighteen and, in a few months, she will be gone off to college. I have to accept that she is a grown young woman and can make her own decisions.’ With that, Kaimana’s mother went to bed. After her daughter turned eighteen, she no longer stayed up waiting on Kaimana to come home. The teen had her own key.

What had had her mother worried this time was that Kaimana’s boyfriend would not be picking her up from work and bringing her home. However, she would have been horrified if she had known what was happening to her beautiful young daughter. How she was being repeatedly raped by four grown men that were going to sexually abuse her for several days, and then Kaimana would be delivered to men that had paid for her abduction. There, the sex trafficked teen would be forced into prostitution where men would continue to sexually abuse her.

The next morning, after locking Kaimana and LeeAnn in their respective secure cabins, the four men went back to the travel agency. At sea, the beautiful and sexy blonde had free reign of the yacht. However, anytime they were docked at a marina, she was for security purposes kept locked in her cabin, when not attended by one of the men. Using Kaimana’s key to the travel agency’s office, the men went in and waited on Kalena Akamai to show up Saturday morning.

However, when the extremely beautiful and sexy travel agent arrived, they could see she was not alone. She had a young teen with her. The men would find out later the young teen was her daughter, Kehaulani. The teen, in her own right, was extremely pretty and sexy. At 5’5” Kehaulani was an inch shorter than her mother. She had a sexy 34-24-34 body with long wavy brown hair that usually hung over both shoulders to the front. It hung down just past her nice B-cup breasts. Kehaulani had pretty dark eyes and slightly pouty lips.

While the teen dated a handful of boys casually, Kehaulani was not serious about any of them and was committed to being a virgin bride, unlike her mother before her. However, fate had a different plan for her. She, along with her beautiful mother, would be abducted by sex traffickers. Never in a million years would Kehaulani ever have dreamed of her, and her mother, being abducted and forced into prostitution by sex traffickers. Certainly, never envisioned being forced to have lesbian sex with her own mother while horny men watched, and the multiple rapes that resulted afterwards.

The four men had taken the key to the travel agency office from Kaimana and forced the teen to give up her beautiful thirty-one-year-old boss. She reluctantly told the men that Kalena always opened up the office at 9 O’clock on Saturday mornings. They had been surprised to discover that she had had a child at sixteen. If fact, Kalena had just turned sixteen when she got impregnated by her seventeen-year-old boyfriend. After she turned up pregnant, both parents agreed the young couple would get married. Kalena went on to give birth to Kehaulani and remained a faithful wife.

Where the travel agency was located was an old defunct gas station. Where the pumps used to be was a parking lot. The building had been renovated, turning it into an office that Kalena and her husband were leasing. The one old lube bay still had a garage door and storage area large enough to park a car. What made it ideal for taking Kalena was that the Travel office was set back further than the other buildings near it. The entrance to the office and half of the parking lot was out of view of the other buildings. It was just after 8 O’ clock when the men used the key, they had gotten from Kaimana to get in. They pulled their rental car into the garage and closed down the door. The men then waited on Kalena to show up.

While they were waiting, Bart sat down at the desk. He noticed a photo of a beautiful young Hawaiian girl. He surmised that it was Kalena’s daughter, and was thinking, ‘The young bitch is certainly made for fucking. I would like to bust her cherry if she is still a virgin. I wonder if she is going to be home alone this morning. We could make Kalena tell us and get the address off of her driver’s license and go by and pick her up on the way to the yacht.’ He had no idea the beautiful young teen would be accompanying her mother to the office. Kahalani and her best friend were going shopping and to a movie. It was common for the teens to walk to the mall that was only two blocks away.

The men were waiting inside the office. Don was looking out the window and said, “Hey Boss, a car is pulling up. It’s her, but she’s not alone. There is a teen girl with her.” Getting up from the desk, Bart said, “If it is her daughter, we are certainly going to take them both. Hell, regardless, if she meets our requirements, we’ll take the young bitch anyway.” Bart went over to the window and peeked out through the blinds as the two were getting out of the car. Then Bart said, “Get ready, we’re going to take them both. You know what to do.”

Don and Earl stood where they would be behind the door when Kalena opened it. Bart and Harvey went into the garage where they could not be seen initially when the beautiful and sexy travel agent opened the door. All four men wore gloves to keep from leaving fingerprints anywhere. It also protected the men’s hands from being bitten when they put their hands over the abductee’s mouths, until they could be subdued, and a ball gag could be forced into their mouths. Bart always carried four sets of restraints and ball gags in his specially designed briefcase, just in case they were needed.

The men were ready when Kalena put her key in the door’s keyhole and unlocked the door. The unsuspecting mother opened the door and walked in with her daughter. Kalena was immediately grabbed by Don. Before the startled beauty could scream, he had his hand over her mouth. At the same time, Earl was able to do the same to the stunned and terrified young teen. Bart and Harvey quickly came out to help. A ball gag was forced into Kalena’s mouth. Her arms were then twisted behind her back and then a pair of padded cuff restraints were placed around her small wrists. Once they had the mother restrained, they did the same to Kahalani.

“Let’s get them in the car. We want to get out of here before someone else shows up,” Bart told his men. While he, Earl, and Harvey were forcing the mother and daughter into the rental car in the garage, Don was keeping a lookout and called out, “Boss, we have a problem. A car is pulling up.”

“Can you tell who is in it?” Bart asked.

“Looks like a woman driving and a shorter woman or young teen in the passenger’s seat. They have pulled up alongside of the other car and parked. The woman driving is on her cell phone. An extremely beautiful young blonde teen is getting out of the car. She would definitely bring a top premium price,” Don replied.

Bridget Knutson was Kahalani’s best friend. Bridget’s parents had been in the Navy and stationed in Hawaii when they met and got married. After getting out of the Navy, they moved back to Hawaii with Bridget’s mother being six months pregnant with her. Three months later Bridget was born. She was raised up going to school with all the other native Hawaiian kids. However, she certainly stood out with her light-blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes. In fact, at fifteen, Bridget had an incredible sexy 34-22-34 body. Her bra size was 32B and the 5’3” beauty weighed 112lbs.

“Is the door locked?” Bart asked.

“Yeah,” Don answered.

“Unlock it and let the young bitch in and grab her. I will watch the woman in the car while you subdue her,” Bart said.

“10-4”, Don replied. He then unlocked the door and stood where he would be behind it when the innocent and unsuspecting young blonde opened the door. When Bridget walked in, Don grabbed her and quickly put his hand over the teen’s mouth, keeping her from screaming and calling out to her mother. Bart then quickly came into the office from the garage and took out another set of restraints from his briefcase. Just as Bart and Don had gotten the ball gag in the young teen’s mouth, and her wrists cuffed and secured behind her back, her mother opened the office door and walked in.

Seeing her beautiful young daughter in such a perilous state, Brittany Knutson let out a loud gasp, and then yelled, “What the hell is going on?” By then, Bart had come out of the garage and grabbed Brittany. He and Don then were quickly able to subdue Bridget’s mother. Within a couple minutes, she also had a ball gag in her mouth and her wrists were cuffed behind her back. The four men now had all four females secured and ready to be taken to the yacht.

“Don, you, and Earl keep these two here while Harvey and I take Kalena and her daughter to the yacht. The rental car is not big enough for all eight of us. Besides, the bitches need to be laid down on the backseat to keep anyone from seeing the ball gags in their mouths. It should not take over a couple or three hours. Just make sure the office looks closed if anyone were to stop by. If you guys get bored before I get back, you can always tryout the mother,” Bart said.

“Sure thing, Boss. Just don’t take too long,” Don replied with a wink, as he then leered at the mother. Bart then went back into the garage where Harvey was keeping Kalena and Kahalani in the rental car. After they threatened them with extreme bodily harm, Kalena and her daughter were forced to lie down on the backseat where they were covered with a blanket. Bart backed the rental car out of the garage and drove to where they had left the yacht’s runabout tied up, while Harvey watched making sure the abductees did not raise up and draw attention.

They knew that it would virtually be impossible to get Kalena, the one that they initially intended to abduct, into the marina and down the dock to the yacht on a Saturday morning without someone seeing them. It would be quite obvious what was taking place with Kalena with a ball gag in her mouth and her arms cuffed behind her back being taken to a private yacht. They figured the hospital patient ruse would not work again. To overcome this, they had lowered and launched the runabout that was carried aboard the yacht. Bart had taken it to a prearranged secluded spot along the beach within a reasonable distance from the marina.

After tying up the runabout to a tree, Bart had been picked-up by the other men before going to the travel agency office. Using the runabout, they planned to slip Kalena aboard the yacht from the seaward side without anyone seeing. However, if other boats created a problem, they could always hookup the runabout and lift it aboard the yacht before taking Kalena off the runabout. The men now had four abductees that would take two trips from the travel office to get them all aboard the yacht.

Brittany Knutson, at thirty-six, was extremely attractive and sexy. She had blonde hair that reached several inches below her shoulders and pretty blue eyes. Brittany had nice C-cup breasts on a shapely 37-24-39 body. Besides her fifteen-year-old daughter, she had two sons, fourteen, and ten. She had gotten married when she was nineteen and gave birth to Bridget when she was twenty. Brittany was popular in high school and dated several boys. While she never put out, she did occasionally give head while on a date if she really liked the boy.

Word quickly got around among the boys, that the pretty and sexy blond would not put out. However, if you could get her to make out, more often than not, she would give a blowjob. Word was that she was really good at sucking cock; and let’s be honest, teenage boys will take any sex they can get. By the time Brittany graduated high school she had performed fellatio for a dozen or so boys. She had remained a virgin, which she lost on her wedding night. After marriage, Brittany had remained faithful to her husband. She, along with her daughter, were now sitting in the travel office with their wrists cuffed behind their backs and ball gags in their mouths.

Don had made sure all the blinds were closed and the closed sign was on the door. That day, Brittany was wearing a nice blouse, modest length skirt, matching blazer, and high heels. She had a luncheon at a nice restaurant, which was actually an interview for a job that would be a tremendous promotion, in three hours. Unfortunately, she would not be attending that luncheon. Instead, Brittany would be on a private yacht locked in a secure cabin. She would be lying on a bunk with her wrists still cuffed behind her back, cum leaking from her pussy, and a ball gag still in her mouth while the yacht moved out of the harbor and headed out to sea.

However, now Brittany and Bridget were sitting in two of the travel office’s chairs. Hearing the conversations between the men, they knew that they were being abducted and that Kalena and Kehaulani were already being taken to a yacht where they were going to be held captive. While Bridget had not come to the realization yet, her mother had and knew they were being abducted by sex traffickers.

“Keep a watch while I bang the bitch,” Don told Earl.

“She does look like a hot one,” Earl remarked.

Don got Brittany up and made her to walk over to the desk. He then forced her face down on the desk. With her wrists still cuffed behind her back, her C-cup breasts were mashed against the desk along with her face. The extremely attractive mother was bent at the waist with her feet barely touching the floor. Don pulled her skirt up around her waist, exposing her sexy well-formed ass. He then grabbed her panties and jerked them down. With them around her ankles Don stepped on the panties to remove them and it made Brittany even more helpless and knowing she could not stop the strange man from raping her.

Brittany held her breath while the man behind her dropped his pants and undershorts. She then felt the head of his erection probing for the entrance to her pussy. Then, with a hard shove, he forced himself inside her. She felt his cock go deep into her pussy. He then started fucking her with hard thrusts. After several strokes he paused, leaned over with his cock still buried in her pussy, and whispered in her ear, “Are you on birth control?” Brittany nodded best she could, being facedown against the desk. Don then started fucking her again, really hard. Bridget, being an innocent fifteen-year-old, was horrified at seeing the strange man’s hard cock sliding in-and-out of her mother’s pussy.

It was beginning to sink in, just how precarious hers and her mother’s situation was. Bridget now realized that sex traffickers were taking her and her extremely attractive mother, and that she along with her mother were going to be raped and probably be forced into prostitution. Big tears formed in the young teen’s beautiful blue eyes and were running down her cheeks while she watched the strange man’s cock being forced in-and-out of her mother’s pussy.

Bridget was thinking, ‘I am only fifteen. I have never even kissed a boy. Now grown men are going to force me to have sex with them.’ It had always embarrassed her the way men were always telling her how lovely a teen she was. Now the young blonde was going to pay an extreme price for being incredibly beautiful and sexy.


