*~*~*

So I look in your direction, 
But you pay me no attention, do you? 
I know you don't listen to me,
'Cause you see straight through me, don't you? 

*~*~*

The uproar in the crowded staff room after lunch was even worse than Harry had expected it to be.

Several of the senior members of the D.A. were invited to the meeting, there at Hermione's suggestion to observe and add their support for Harry. Hermione had told them on the way to the meeting that she and Ginny trusted Draco implicitly and then Harry had asked for their support, and that was enough for them. Susan Bones and Ernie Macmillan had come to represent the Hufflepuffs, with Terry Boot and Padma Patil there for the Ravenclaws and Ginny and Hermione both there to represent the Gryffindors. Draco had joked that he could try to find a Slytherin to accompany him but really didn't recommend it because most of them were nasty little snakes, which made Harry reply that he would stand as the second Slytherin if he needed to, causing the others to laugh.

The 'adults' present at the meeting consisted of the school staff and Kingsley Shacklebolt, and they all seemed to have a different opinion on the current situation. Shacklebolt had a personal grudge against the entire Malfoy family and seemed to have decided to take it out on Draco as best he could by refusing to recognize that he might be on the side of the Light despite Dumbledore's assurances that he had tested Draco himself. McGonagall was still upset about Harry and Draco's 'display' in the Great Hall and the fact that she had not been apprised of the true extent of Harry's defense club, so she had taken Shacklebolt's side. Professor Vance spent most of the discussion sitting in the corner with a cup of tea pointing out how reckless Harry was being, and kept saying that he would get more people killed despite the fact she said the D.A. had her whole-hearted approval. Snape just stood back and sneered as he listened to everyone argue, seemingly enjoying the chaos and making no move to aid anyone's cause.

Dumbledore himself was not terribly happy, but he had been impressed by how the boys handled themselves and by how organized Harry's club seemed to be so he was finally willing to listen to Harry's plans. Professors Sprout and Hooch were firmly on Harry's side and quick to praise him before they sat back to listen, but only Professor Flitwick seemed to agree with them so they were definitely in the minority. Professor Flitwick listened to all of the arguments for almost ten minutes, trying the entire time to get a word in edgewise, and then finally levitated himself up onto the table and told Harry quite loudly that he thought he was doing a brilliant job. Flitwick had jumped down and stormed out of the room then, followed by several other professors who were already tired of the debate and willing to just wait and find out what happened.

The room had quieted for only a few moments after Flitwick and the others left before the 'discussion' was in full swing again. Fifteen minutes later there still had been little or no headway made because of all the arguing and talking over each other that was going on. Harry was right in the thick of it but the other students remained quiet for the most part, listening to the adults argue about things that the students didn't really think were important anyway. The meeting was very educational for the D.A. members and for Draco, who had heard Harry scorn Dumbledore's reaction to Voldemort but had never seen it for themselves.

The D.A. was a bit surprised to find themselves very unimpressed with the Order members who were present, despite the stories Harry and Hermione had told them about meetings. No meeting of their group would ever get so completely out of control and off subject. They always had a limited time to discuss things and they were very used to structured, almost moderated meetings where Harry and Hermione kept everyone in check and made certain all viewpoints were heard. The chaos of the meeting with Dumbledore wasn't just disappointing to the senior D.A. members, it was frightening. If Dumbledore had so little control over his professors and his right-hand man in the Order, then how was he supposed to defeat the Death Eaters?

"I still think the boy should return to the Ministry with me and be checked out by the Unspeakables," Shacklebolt said loudly for the fourth time, his deep bass cutting through the other arguments going on around the table. "He can't be trusted until they've gotten the truth out of him, whatever they have to do to get it."

"Over my cold, dead body," Harry said angrily, glaring across the table at Shacklebolt. "You are not going to take Draco back to the Ministry, or anywhere else. He's staying with me."

The D.A. members were no more pleased by Shacklebolt's threats than Harry was, despite the fact they had no reason to trust Draco other than Harry and Hermione's word. To them, Harry's word would have been enough to give Draco a chance. The fact Hermione and Ginny had been present while Draco was questioned under Veritaserum and now claimed him as family told the D.A. that his reliability was set in stone. All of them were giving Shacklebolt dirty looks until Hermione muttered something about thickheaded men that made Ginny, Padma, and Susan giggle.

"It will be over your dead body it you're wrong about him, boy." Shacklebolt glared right back at Harry, ignoring the D.A. members and the quelling look Dumbledore was giving him. "His father's the worst of their lot, and he's just as evil as--"

"Do be quiet, Kingsley," McGonagall said suddenly, cutting Shacklebolt off mid-word. She had been backing Shacklebolt so staunchly until then that the others in the room all looked at her in surprise. She took advantage of the quiet moment to go on, "Have you not listened to a word Albus has said this morning?"

"The boy was questioned quite thoroughly under Veritaserum," Snape added calmly, finally tossing in his knut's worth. "He is no more a Death Eater than you are, Kingsley."

Shacklebolt snorted and folded his arms across his chest, obviously unconvinced as he stared at Snape. "And how are we to know that you and Potter both aren't thinking with your ... affections ... for the boy?"

Snape's eyes narrowed dangerously. "Are you attempting to hint that I might have untoward intentions towards one of my students?"

Shacklebolt rolled his eyes, completely unimpressed by Snape's cold tone. "I'm not sure you have 'untoward feelings' towards anything, Snape. I do know the boy is your godson though, and that you've often protected him before when he should have been punished."

McGonagall blinked, looking from Snape to Shacklebolt and back again. "Draco Malfoy is your godson?"

Snape gave a short nod. "Yes, he is. Lucius insisted upon it when he was born because we were friends in school and I have no living relatives. I fail to see what bearing that has on the current situation."

"That's because it really has nothing to do with anything," Hermione said suddenly, taking advantage of the gap in the adults' arguing and bringing everyone's attention to her. "There can be no doubt that Draco would die to protect Harry. He swore an oath while under Veritaserum that he loves Harry and would die to protect him, and that makes him at least as trustworthy to us as any of you."

Ginny nodded while Terry Boot added quickly, "Harry's not as stupid as you lot in the Order seem to think he is, either. He'd never rush into something like this unless he was sure he could trust the bloke he was putting his faith in. Jumping in feet first would break the most important rule of the D.A., and Harry would never do that."

"And what might that rule be?" McGonagall asked, curious despite the fact it had little to do with the current problem.

All of the D.A. members except for Harry spoke up immediately, very nearly in unison. "Don't get killed!"

Shacklebolt rolled his eyes as the D.A. members all grinned at each other, then Susan Bones went on in a lecturing-to-idiots sort of tone, "If Harry were to date a Death Eater or even someone who might possibly sympathize with them, he would be signing his own death warrant and ours too, and he knows it. He wouldn't do that. No matter how reckless he might be with his own life, he cares too much about the rest of us to put us in harm's way."

Padma nodded. "Harry says we can trust Draco to help us all, and we all trust Harry. The D.A. is behind them both one hundred percent."

"Thank you," Harry said, smiling warmly at Padma and then at the other D.A. members. He looked back along the table towards Dumbledore and Shacklebolt after only a moment though, and his voice grew hard as he continued, "So, there's no reason to continue arguing over how to 'handle' us. The D.A. stands together, as always, and Draco stands with us. Either you trust us all, or you don't trust us and there's no reason for us to be here wasting our time. Where you stand in the coming fight is completely up to you. We stand against Voldemort and all he believes in, and intend to kill him."

"I know exactly where I stand." Shacklebolt stood and leaned one hand on the table as he pointed with the other hand at Draco. "And I'm taking that Death Eater in training back to the Ministry for questioning."

Harry leapt to his feet, drawing his wand almost too quickly to follow and pointing it between the burly Auror's eyes as he spoke in a soft, dangerous tone that few in the room had ever heard him use. "Don't make me hurt you, Kingsley. You're supposed to be on our side. Act like it."

"Do sit down, both of you," Dumbledore said then, frowning at them both. Shacklebolt made no move to obey as he gave Harry a calculating look, trying to decide whether on not Harry would really curse him, and Dumbledore spoke again much more sharply. "Kingsley! Sit down this instant!"

Shacklebolt continued to glare across the table at Harry and Draco, but he sat down in his chair again rather abruptly.

Dumbledore turned his attention to Harry then and said in a calm, firm tone, "Harry, do sit down, please. We are not here to fight. No one will force Draco to go anywhere, so I rather think he will be staying with you."

Harry snorted, lowering his wand but making no move to sit down as he glared at Dumbledore. "I see no reason why I should sit down, none of you are really listening. You were there, sir, you saw Draco take the Veritaserum and you personally asked him every question you could think of to double-check his loyalty. You know just as well as I do that he can be trusted. All of this arguing and threatening about what will be done to him is nothing short of offensive, and I see no reason for us to stay here and tolerate it."

"Be that as it may, Harry," Dumbledore replied calmly, "that does not completely excuse your behavior today. That is what we are here to discuss, not young Mr. Malfoy's allegiances."

"And your behavior in the last hour has been abominable," McGonagall added immediately, frowning.

"It has not been so terrible as that, Minerva," Dumbledore disagreed, gazing at McGonagall over his glasses. "The boy is protecting someone that has no one else to turn to, someone whom he feels is in desperate need of his care. He should be commended for it, however misguided you may think him to be." He turned his attention back to Harry and added calmly, "Please do sit down, Harry, so we might discuss this rationally."

Harry sat down even as he said, "Sit here and let you lecture me, you mean."

Shacklebolt snorted. "You need lectured, boy. Trusting a pretty piece of tail just because he's good on his back is going to get you killed."

Harry bristled angrily again, and was about to speak up when Dumbledore said quellingly, "That is quite enough, Kingsley. Harry is correct to point out that I helped to question Draco. However unlikely it may seem, Kingsley, I do believe young Mr. Malfoy to be loyal to Harry. You may believe that, or leave the room. Your current behavior is doing nothing to help the situation we find ourselves in and will no longer be tolerated in my presence. Do I make myself perfectly clear?"

"Yes, sir. I will accept your word," Shacklebolt said grudgingly and then was silent, obviously still suspicious but evidently able to control himself when he needed to.

"Thank you," Dumbledore said quietly. "I will admit that I did not trust the boy's motives when I discovered Harry had become attached to him, but Severus, Remus, and I were all unable to find any evidence whatsoever that he was under the influence of any outside magic. He willingly allowed himself to be questioned under Veritaserum, answering every question posed to him with no hint of reluctance and often supplying much more information than was asked for. Unlikely as it may seem to those of us who know his father, Draco Malfoy is a reasonably honest young man who fully supports Harry Potter."

"Thank you, sir," Draco said quietly, giving the Headmaster a respectful nod.

Dumbledore smiled. "You are quite welcome, Draco. I may not approve of some of Harry's actions recently, but I find that I do approve of his attempts to help you escape your father's plans for your future."

"If that is true," Shacklebolt finally said after a few moments of silence, "that only leads me to question Harry's motives."

"Oh, fuck you," Harry said suddenly, leaping to his feet again so quickly that he toppled his chair backwards. "I don't have to stay here and listen to this."

Harry whirled away and moved towards the door to leave but Draco stood and moved after him more quickly, stopping Harry after only a few feet and moving to stand in front of him. "Harry, stay, please. You need to know what they're planning. We all do."

Harry stared into Draco's eyes, ignoring the other people in the room. "I will not listen to that smug bastard try and make us both out to be Death Eaters while they all just sit there and let him. He's not going to listen to us or change his mind, so it's best I just leave."

"No, Harry, it is not," Dumbledore said firmly, causing Harry and Draco to both look at him. "Draco is quite right, you need to put aside your differences with the Order and be aware of what is happening." He turned his attention to Shacklebolt without giving Harry a chance to respond. "I believe you owe them both an apology, Kingsley, and then I think that it might be best for you to wait in my office."

Shacklebolt looked as if he had just eaten something quite nasty. He stood and said in a clipped tone, "Potter, Malfoy, I regret anything I might have said that was not true, and apologize." He didn't wait for a response before he turned away and stalked to the door that let out into the main hallway, closing it behind himself much harder than was necessary.

Draco silently urged Harry back to the table so they could take their seats as Snape smirked and said, "Well done, Albus. It's rather nice to see someone else with their tail in a twist for a change."

Dumbledore gave Snape an amused look. "I believe it will be good for him."

McGonagall sniffed. "Kingsley is entirely too certain that his opinions are the correct ones, much like another young man I might name." She looked pointedly at Harry. "Some young men seem never to learn that they should listen to their elders and do as they are told."

"No one likes to be ignored between bouts of being ordered about like a pawn on a chessboard," Ginny said firmly, looking at McGonagall. "Harry's not the best strategist on our side, but at least he knows that and leaves the chess games to those who are better at it."

Terry Boot nodded. "We tell Harry he's got to rethink his position all the time, ma'am, and he does because he knows we take his point of view into consideration. Harry is the one that the prophecies say has to kill Voldemort, so it's only fair that he be a part of deciding how best to do it. "

"Harry learns as much from being wrong as he learns any other way," Padma added, grinning suddenly. "We shoot his theories and ideas down all the time."

Harry gave Padma a wry little smile. "You'd think that eventually I might come up with the perfect plan."

"You're not dead yet, Harry," Ernie replied, grinning at him. "You've still got a chance."

Draco snickered softly at that and Harry elbowed him lightly. "Shut up, you. You're just supposed to follow me around and back me up, not help them laugh at me."

Draco's pale eyes were twinkling with amusement as he said mock-seriously, "Harry-love, I would follow you through the very gates of hell with only a snowball to fight the fires, but I'm still going to laugh at you. It's one of my favorite hobbies."

"Smart-arse," Harry replied, trying not to laugh.

Draco smirked. "And quite proud of it, thank you." He looked around at the rest of the room and then went on in a businesslike, reasonable tone. "Now, if you ask me -- and yes, I know that no one has, but I'm putting in my two pence worth anyway because he's my..." He searched for the right word and then just smirked. "... Harry. I think the Order has been going about things the wrong way for quite a long time now. Voldemort knows you lot are more concerned with delaying the fight than you are with winning, and he's using it against you. While you've sat back and debated how best to keep from all-out war, he's put men in the Ministry and taken over businesses that are vital to Wizarding society, quietly taking control of the country right out from under your noses. If you lot don't stop delaying things and end it soon, you just might find that killing him doesn't do you any good to speak of. You'll be living in a country owned and operated by Death Eaters, and they will fight on without him. I know of several men who could easily step into his position if given as little as a few weeks to consolidate their backing."

Terry nodded quickly, leaning forward in his chair. "That's exactly what we think, too, Draco." He turned his gaze towards Dumbledore and went on with barely a pause, "We've discussed it in the D.A. quite a lot this term, sir, and came to a unanimous decision on when and where we should make our stand. The Order may think Harry acted a bit rashly today, but we all believe today's incident works in our favor and that he did the right thing. We agreed months ago that the best place and time to face Voldemort is here at Hogwarts sometime before Harry leaves school. We're ready for this fight and have a plan ready to be put into effect on half an hour's notice, day or night. The wards around the castle will give us that much time even if they catch us by surprise, and keep them from using the worst Unforgivables, so there's nothing to worry about. Remus made several copies of a map that will show the location of everyone on the grounds for us, and Dobby has promised that he will get the other elves to help us move quickly around the castle to get into position to defend it. The Death Eaters won't have a prayer."

Everyone was quiet for a few minutes then as the D.A. members settled back and waited for the adults to digest what Terry had said. Dumbledore was the one to finally break the silence, watching the students gathered at the far end of the table and looking somewhere between surprised and wry. "Children, I believe you finally have our undivided attention. Please, tell us more."

Terry looked questioningly at Harry, who laughed and made a shooing motion towards him. "Keep going, Terry, you're on a roll. You've always been better at the strategy than me. I just play target, remember?"

Terry grinned at Harry and then turned his attention to Dumbledore again and began to explain the plans the D.A. had made while the adults in the room hung on his every word.

*~*~*

And on and on, 
From the moment I wake, to the moment I sleep,
I'll be there by your side; just you try and stop me.
I'll be waiting in line, just to see if you care. 

*~*~*

Harry flopped down on the couch nearest the main fireplace with a groan, letting his head fall back to stare up at the ceiling. "I never want to do that again. Not ever!" He pretended not to notice there were at least thirty students scattered about the Gryffindor common room listening in to find out what had gone on in the meeting. Harry hoped they would lose interest soon so he could be with Draco and his friends without feeling like he was in a fishbowl.

Draco snickered and sat down next to Harry, reaching to ruffle his hair. "Poor baby, had to think."

Harry snorted and turned his head to give Draco a dirty look. "I've got a pounding headache from listening to that lot. I'm not very much fun when I've got a headache. Just so you know."

"Understatement of the century," Hermione said, looking amused as she walked past Seamus to sit on the arm of the chair Ginny had just claimed as her own.

Ginny slid an arm around Hermione's waist as she grinned at Draco, adding, "He either bites everyone's head off or turns into a whiny brat and wants someone to feel sorry for him, but he always refuses to take a potion for it. It's really rather annoying." Harry lifted one hand and flipped her off without a word, making Draco laugh as Ginny smirked at Harry and said, "Sorry sweetcheeks, I'm taken."

Seamus snickered. "Good one, Gin."

Harry's nose wrinkled into an expression of disgust as he lifted his head to look at Ginny. "Sweetcheeks?"

"Thank you, Seamus. It was shamelessly stolen from my eldest sib. He's got a bit of a knack for things like that," Ginny replied, still smirking. "And it's another way of saying that you've got a lovely arse, Harry."

Harry blinked and then laughed, letting his head fall back against the couch again as he closed his eyes. "Gee, thanks. Now let me suffer in peace."

Draco snickered and stood up, looking down at Harry as he drew his wand. "Alright you, I can see that I'm going to have to teach you how to get rid of excess tension."

Harry opened his eyes and looked up at Draco, suddenly grinning a bit despite the pain still evident in the lines around his eyes. "Does this involve privacy and a decided lack of clothing?"

"You wish," Draco replied, laughing. "Lay down on the couch, face down."

Seamus smirked. "Ooh, you like an audience. Kinky."

Draco rolled his eyes at Seamus. "In your fondest dreams only, Finnegan." He looked back at Harry, gesturing with one hand for Harry to move. "Come on, then, I'm about make a believer out of you."

Harry shifted on the couch to stretch out on his belly even though he looked a bit wary. "A believer in what?"

Draco smirked again, looking positively wicked. "Something I learnt from watching the Weasley twins in the locker room after Quidditch matches, though I'm sure they hadn't the slightest idea I was there."

Ginny grinned, suddenly interested. "Are you going to give him one of those ghost-foot massages George does that turns people into a pile of goo?"

Draco laughed and nodded. "Yes, I thought I might. It works rather well on my headaches, though it is a bit tricky to cast it on myself." He pointed his wand at Harry, smirking at him as he asked innocently, "Do you want me to silence you, or do you think you can handle it?"

"Uhm..." Harry looked warily at Draco a few moments and then said slowly, "I think I can handle a massage that doesn't involve getting undressed."

Draco smirked. "Alright then." He pretended not to notice the students moving closer to watch as he waved his wand in a complicated little pattern and murmured the spell under his breath.

One of the girls watching over the back of the couch gasped as an obvious footprint appeared on Harry's back, then another joined it on the other side. The 'ghost feet' began to move on Harry's back then, moving Harry's flannel shirt about a bit as they flexed and moved, and Hermione leaned closer to watch, fascinated. "Draco, you must teach me how to do that."

"Of course, Hermione," Draco replied, smiling as he tucked his wand away in his robes again and moved to sit on the arm of the couch near Harry's head. "It's really not that difficult if you can get the wand motion right. Just let me know when you'd like to work on it."

Hermione gave him a quick smile. "I will, thank you."

Harry, who had been rather rigid and unresponsive to the massage, suddenly let out a groan as the feet found the tension in his shoulders and then said in a low awed rumble, "Oh wow."

Draco snickered, reaching down to deftly take off Harry's glasses and then beginning to polish them on a handkerchief he seemed to produce out of thin air. "It is rather nice, isn't it? Brings entirely new meaning to letting someone walk all over you."

Draco completely ignored the looks he was getting from Seamus and then Dean, who had just walked over to join the group. Draco knew Harry usually didn't let anyone else handle his glasses but he also knew that Harry trusted him enough that Harry wouldn't mind him holding them for him at the moment. He was aware how important Harry's glasses were to him because of Harry's near-blindness when he wasn't wearing them, but they would be uncomfortable while Harry was lying face down on the couch. As long as Harry's glasses were in Draco's possession, Draco would stay within an arm's length of Harry -- about the distance Harry could see clearly without them -- and he would make sure no one bothered Harry seriously.

"If it was always this nice, I'd not mind it at all." Harry's voice was little more than a pleased rumble as he lay there and let the 'feet' continue the massage, tension visibly draining out of him as they worked. "I can only think of two things that feel better than this does."

Draco smirked and looked down at the back of Harry's head, his fingers still busily polishing the glasses. "And that would be...?"

Harry turned his head to give Draco a languid smile. "Shagging you and feeling that lovely talented mouth of yours on my --"

"Harry!" Hermione exclaimed, blushing bright red as several of the students who had been watching giggled. "There are children around!"

Harry smiled beatifically. "So tell 'em t' go away."

"Honestly!" Hermione sniffed, giving him a dirty look. "This is the common room, that means they are allowed to be here."

"Then they're old 'nough to hear wha' ever I mi' say," Harry mumbled, still smiling as the ghost-feet moved back down his back, kneading muscles and working out tension he hadn't even realized was there.

"I'm of the firm opinion that nosy little blighters deserve whatever education they get by listening in. I learnt quite a lot that way myself, after all, and I'm quite sure I was younger at the time than anyone here might be." Draco looked decidedly smug as he tucked the handkerchief away in his robes, then folded Harry's glasses neatly and hooked one earpiece into the collar of his jumper as he looked at Hermione again.

Hermione pursed her lips, trying not to be amused by the way Draco had taken possession of Harry's glasses. "That doesn't make it right, Draco. You shouldn't have learnt some things so young either."

Draco tilted his head as if conceding the point but he was still obviously smug as he replied, "Be that as it may, I did and it was because of my natural curiosity. I've never been one not to watch or listen just because I knew I shouldn't, and I'm not about to start. Knowledge -- all knowledge, not just what they choose to teach us in school -- is power, and I intend to be a very powerful wizard one day."

"Y' are already," Harry murmured, his eyes closed and an expression on his face that made it look as if he had just gotten shagged fabulously well. "N' body 'round 'ere can beat you in a duel 'cept me."

Draco smirked down at Harry, running his fingers through Harry's hair in a decidedly possessive way as he noticed that the spell had ended. "We are rather well-matched, I think."

Harry purred and nodded slightly, his green eyes opening to look up at Draco as he smiled again. "I agree." Dean rolled his eyes and looked away as Harry lifted one hand to grab Draco's wrist and tug on it, adding, "C'mere, let me use you as a pillow."

Draco laughed. "You shouldn't go to sleep here, Harry. There's a perfectly good bed in our room, and you can actually stretch out there."

Harry let go of Draco's wrist, getting a mulish look on his face as he rolled onto his side and looked up at Draco. "I don't wanna go to bed yet, not unless I'm getting to shag you properly for my troubles. I just want a nice cuddle."

Draco snickered and gave Harry's shoulder a bit of a push. "Budge up then, you've not left me room to even sit down."

Harry shifted to sit up and waited for Draco to sit down next to him, then made a purring noise and crawled half into Draco's lap, wrapping both arms around him. "Mm, much better." He kissed Draco softly and then laid his head on Draco's shoulder with a happy little sigh and closed his eyes.

Hermione and Ginny watched them, both grinning as Draco stroked Harry's back languidly and murmured with obvious amusement, "I'm so glad you approve of my pillow abilities."

Ginny giggled at that as Dean snorted and asked pointedly, "Hermione, are you going to tell us what the professors had to say, or are you just going to watch the bloody lovebirds?"

Harry opened his eyes to look over at Dean and said very calmly and clearly, "Don't be an arse just because you didn't want me while you had me. If you don't want to see us together, learn to look at someone else."

Dean bristled a bit at that but he didn't have a chance to reply before Draco added just loudly enough for Dean to hear him, "Don't take your idiocy out on Harry, or anyone else for that matter. They all tried to talk to you, and you ignored them. You know as well as I do that it's your own fault you're standing over there and I'm the one holding Harry, just as well as you should know I'm not going to make the mistakes you did and leave him feeling like he's just a convenient piece of arse."

Dean stared at Draco a long moment, his anger draining away to leave nothing but hurt in his eyes. "That was cruel even for you, Malfoy."

"The truth often is," Draco replied calmly. "Perhaps if it's pointed out to you often enough how much of a bastard you were to Harry, you'll not make your next boyfriend so miserable he sits on a tower contemplating what might happen to his family if he stepped off."

Harry jerked his head up to stare at Draco, blurting, "How did you kno--" He broke off suddenly as he realized that everyone was staring at him and turned bright red, hiding his face against Draco's neck. "God," he said, his voice muffled by Draco's robes, "I hoped no one would figure that out."

Draco kissed Harry's hair and then said quietly, "They need to know. You should never have hid it from them that you were so unhappy, Harry. It would kill them to lose you like that."

Hermione looked worried as she nibbled her lower lip for a moment, and her eyes were suspiciously bright when she finally spoke. "Harry... Why didn't you say anything?"

Something in her tone of voice made Harry turn his head towards her and he looked stricken when he saw her glistening eyes. "Oh, Hermione, no, don't cry. It was just me being stupid one night, not every time I went. I never even got close to jumping."

"But Harry, thinking about suicide is just as bad as trying." Hermione blinked a few times, obviously trying to keep control of herself. "How could you even think about it?"

Harry swallowed hard and looked down, unable to meet her pained gaze as he said softly, "I just-- I felt like there had to be some reason Dean didn't want me like I needed him to, that maybe there was something wrong with me and I'd always be miserable and lonely. That was just so depressing that one night I found myself looking down at the ground and wondering if my magic would save me whether I wanted it to or not."

No one but Seamus noticed Dean quickly leave the common room then as Draco snorted and said to Harry, "There is quite a bit wrong with you, you prat." Harry looked at him, surprised and a little hurt, but Draco didn't give him a chance to speak as he went on firmly, "You won't ask for help half so often as you should, you constantly let people walk all over you just because you like them, and you have simply atrocious taste in clothes."

Ginny snickered, adding, "Don't forget the shoes."

Draco nodded to her, grinning suddenly. "Yes, quite." He looked back at Harry, his pale blue eyes twinkling. "And you have the most god-awful shoes it has ever been my misfortune to stumble over at four in the morning."

Hermione couldn't help a little giggle at that as Harry blinked a couple of times and stared at Draco. "You noticed my shoes at four in the morning?"

Draco let out a short laugh. "No, I noticed them when I tossed them in the floor last night. I stumbled over them at four in the morning." Draco snorted, grinning as he added, "It would have been bloody embarrassing to get away from the Munchlings without a scratch and then trip in the dark and wind up in the infirmary with a broken neck."

Harry snickered and said with a little grin, "Oh, I do love you."

Draco preened. "Yes, of course you do. I'm perfect."

Hermione giggled again at that as Ginny smirked and said, "Careful, Drake, you'll be needing to buy new hats before too long."

Seamus spoke up suddenly then, interrupting them and making them all look towards him as he said in a very flat, angry tone, "I can't believe you just laid that all on Dean. He treated you as best he knew how, Harry, and cares about you quite a lot more than any of you are giving him credit for."

Harry frowned and looked at Seamus. "It was the truth, Seamus. It might have seemed to you like Dean treated me perfectly fine -- and I'm glad for his sake that's so, since I'm pretty sure the idiot's in love with your oblivious arse -- but I needed more than someone who liked to shag me and show me off at parties. Dean was too busy worrying about whether or not you might want to shag later to be bothered with someone as 'demanding and girly' as I am, and he's better off without me."

Seamus stared at Harry, his eyes wide as he spluttered incoherently, then he finally managed to ask, "What do you mean, in love with me?! He's in love with you, you git!"

Harry snorted. "Not bloody likely. If he was, he'd not have acted like I wanted him to kiss a snake every time I tried to get near him while you were around."

"Dean hates snakes," Seamus said, still looking a bit shell-shocked as he latched onto the one bit of what Harry said that made sense to him.

"Yes, Seamus, I know he hates snakes," Harry said, rolling his eyes and speaking slowly as if Seamus were an idiot. "He hated being with me any time he thought that you might pay attention to him, too."

"I --" Seamus blinked a few times, then turned suddenly and started towards the Prefects' quarters, oblivious to the whispers among the younger students.

Ginny waited until Seamus was out of sight before she said conversationally, "Someone should have done that a year ago. I hope you picked the right time, Harry."

Harry turned towards her, shrugging a bit. "It needed to be said. I'm tired of Dean following me around like a kicked puppy every time Seamus leaves him behind to go run about with someone else. Dean deserves better, and Seamus is gone on him anyway, he just wouldn't admit it because he's gotten it into his head Dean's not interested in him for anything but a shag every now and then."

"You're sure of that," Hermione half-asked, looking unconvinced.

"Yes, I am." Harry relaxed comfortably against Draco, resting his cheek against Draco's collarbone again and watching Ginny and Hermione under Draco's chin. "Dean was the first bloke Seamus shagged, and the only one until summer hols, when Dean couldn't keep it in his pants and decided to shag some bloke he's lived next door to since he was five."

Draco gave Hermione and Ginny a slightly surprised look. "You know, he might have a point. I never heard rumors about Seamus shagging around until this term, but I thought I just hadn't paid attention."

"No, he didn't do it," Neville said then, standing from where he'd been tutoring a fifth year in Herbology and walking over to sit on the hearth, looking at the others. "Seamus never shagged anyone else until after Dean came back raving over the bloke he shagged all summer. Seamus started shagging his way through the Houses not long after that, and then Dean started panting after Harry." Neville gave Harry an apologetic look as he added, "And shagging around."

Draco snorted, somewhere between amused and annoyed. "Here I thought it was Seamus who couldn't keep it in his pants, and it was Dean that's a right prat to his boyfriends..."

Ginny murmured quietly, "They're both pretty bad at relationships, I think. Sex is easy for them to figure out, but admitting the way they really feel scares them."

"They're rather like Ron, that way," Harry said with a nod, adding, "Merlin knows I loved him -- still do, even -- but he was hopeless at admitting how he felt."

Neville looked sheepish and amused. "It's a guy thing, Harry."

"Hey!" Harry exclaimed, laughing. "Are you trying to say I'm not normal?"

"Do I need to?" Neville replied, grinning suddenly. "I will, if you didn't already know."

Harry spluttered as Ginny crowed with laughter and even Hermione started giggling.

Draco watched them all for a few moments before he said with a smirk, "It's alright, Harry. I love you anyway."

For some reason, Harry wasn't very mollified by that.

*~*~*

Oh, did you want me to change? 
Well I changed for good,
And I want you to know that you'll always get your way,
I wanted to say… 

*~*~*

Seamus didn't bother to knock when he reached Dean's room, instead checking the door to see if it was locked and then slipping inside quietly. He paused just inside the room to close the door, letting his eyes adjust to the dim lighting before he walked over to sit on the bed next to Dean. Dean didn't react, just sitting on the edge of the bed with his elbows on his knees and looking down at his hands.

They were both silent for a while before Seamus finally asked quietly, "Are you alright?"

Dean let out a little noise that might have been either a sob or a laugh and then murmured thickly, "Oh, just ducky, mate. My ex-boyfriend, who just happens to be the Boy Who Bloody Lived, just told all of our friends that he nearly killed himself because I treated him like shite." Dean looked up finally then, giving Seamus a bleak look. "Did you want something, or are you just here to ask questions you know the answers to?"

Seamus tried to keep his voice level and calm. "Harry had to be lying, Dean. You didn't treat him so ba--"

"Do shut up," Dean interrupted, looking away. "You know Harry wasn't lying. Besides the fact he has no reason to--"

"Other than hurting you," Seamus interjected a bit more heatedly, "which he's done quite well."

Dean went on without looking up. "-- everyone in the school knows he's a bloody awful liar." Dean looked at Seamus again, adding, "And we both know he'd not lie about something like that. Harry is very many things, but he's not cruel and he doesn't lie to his friends."

Seamus looked into Dean's eyes for a few moments as he tried to think of a way to make the pain in them go away, then finally half-asked, "He won't lie to us, hmm?"

"You know that," Dean replied quietly, resigned. "Not about anything important."

"Then I suppose you really are in love with me."

Dean's eyes widened and he stared at Seamus, opening and closing his mouth twice before he finally managed to find his voice. "Harry told you that?"

"Harry just told everyone that," Seamus replied softly, still looking searchingly at Dean. "Said a few things that made me wonder a bit, truly, but that was the most important. Is it true?"

"I--" Dean broke off and stared at Seamus a moment longer, then nodded silently. He wasn't sure he could say it aloud, not until he knew how Seamus would react.

Seamus blinked and then punched Dean in the shoulder, hard. "You bloody bastard!" He tackled Dean then, knocking him to the floor and sitting on his belly to start swatting Dean's head and shoulders just hard enough to make it sting without really hurting him. "You're such a worthless git sometimes!"

"Seamus, quit!" Dean covered his head with his arms, trying to keep Seamus from swatting him. "Jesus, you made your point, stop hitting me already! I knew better than to tell y--"

"I'm not mad because you told me, you arse." Seamus swatted Dean once more on the side of the head rather harder than he had been hitting him and then prodded Dean in the chest with one finger hard enough to make Dean yelp. "I'm mad because Harry had to tell me!" He poked Dean again, adding a bit more heatedly, "And I want to know what the bloody hell you were thinking, shagging Harry and half the rest of the school! If you love me, why haven't you been shagging me instead of slutting about like a tomcat with an itch?"

"Maybe because you were busy shagging the other half of the school?" Dean replied immediately, swatting Seamus' hands away. "You're just as much of a slut as I am, Seamus, so don't even start! Besides, why shouldn't I shag around? You're the bastard who told me that you wanted to shag everyone in our year at least once except Hermione and the Slytherins."

Seamus blinked, then snorted and folded his arms across his chest, settling more firmly on Dean's stomach and giving him a level look. "That's not good enough. If you're in love with me, you should have said so."

"Oh, right," Dean replied, rolling his eyes and resting his hands on Seamus' thighs without really thinking about it. "I can just see how that would have gone. 'Seamus, I think I'm in love with you.' 'Oh really? That's nice. Blimey, Colin's arse is looking good today... I'll be right back, I just remembered someone I have to do.'"

Seamus cuffed the side of Dean's head again. "Arsehole. I'm not that shallow." He snorted. "And you never tried it, so how could you know what I'd say? It's not on to just assume the worst, Dean, not on at all."

Dean looked up at Seamus a few moments and then said very slowly, "Alright, then." He took a deep breath and then closed his eyes. "Seamus, I think I might have gone and fallen for you."

Seamus leaned down, planting one hand on either side of Dean's head and looking at him with an exasperated, annoyed expression. "Dean, open your eyes." He waited for Dean to look at him and then said firmly with more than a little bit of annoyance, "That makes two of us. And you could have saved us both a lot of trouble if you had said that a long time ago."

Seamus didn't give Dean a chance to respond before he kissed him rather hard, drawing a little squeak from Dean, who was too surprised to respond as what Seamus had said really sank in. Seamus started to pull away when Dean didn't respond, then Dean suddenly moved his hands to the sides of Seamus' head and began to return the kiss, kissing back just as hard and earning a low purr from Seamus.

Dean was the first to break the kiss, pushing Seamus back and giving him a firm, almost angry look. "You're not shagging anyone else, not anymore. You hear me?"

Seamus snorted and pulled out of his grip with an impatient little jerk. "No shite, Sherlock. Has anyone ever told you that you talk too bloody much?"

Dean spluttered, indignant, and Seamus kissed him again to stop whatever he was going to say, snickering. It didn't really matter. They had finally said the most important thing. Seamus figured the rest would either come naturally or one of their friends would point them in the right direction again.

Sometimes, having friends who cared enough to slap some sense into you was really a very good thing.

*~*~*

Don't you shiver, 
Shiver.
Sing it loud and clear,
I'll always be waiting for you. 

*~*~*

Harry stretched slowly and purred, then nuzzled the side of Draco's neck and cuddled closer to him on the couch as he murmured, "What time is it?"

Draco opened his eyes to glance at the clock on the mantle, amused despite the fact he was feeling rather drowsy himself. "Nearly time for dinner, why?"

Harry sighed, remaining quiet a few minutes before he admitted, "I was sort of hoping we'd missed that."

Draco snickered and kissed Harry's hair just as Hermione's voice spoke up primly from behind them. "No such luck, Harry. You both really should go make yourselves presentable. Dinner's in ten minutes."

Harry groaned and just stayed where he was a moment before he suddenly lifted his head off Draco's shoulder to give him an appraising look. "Ten minutes, hmm?"

Draco smirked. "Plenty of time, if we get right to it."

Harry grinned and jumped up off the couch, grabbing Draco's hand to drag him up too and then leading him quickly towards the Prefects rooms. "We'll be along."

Ginny snickered as Hermione called after them exasperatedly, "Don't dawdle!"

"I'd not heard it called that before," Draco said cheerfully, making Ginny laugh harder.

"She's not very likely to say 'don't shag him silly, Harry'. 'Don't dawdle' is really much more Hermione's style." Harry grinned over his shoulder at Draco and then called back to Hermione, "And we'll not be too long about it."

Hermione snorted and went back to her revisions, muttering to herself about boys and their hormones while Ginny snickered at her.

Fifteen minutes later, Hermione was pacing impatiently near the door of the deserted common room, scowling. "Ten minutes I told them, not fifteen. We'll likely have to go in after them."

Ginny smirked, leaning comfortably against the wall nearby and watching Hermione pace. "Sounds like fun, want me to go?"

"No!" Hermione replied quickly, turning her scowl on Ginny. "You stay right here with me. You're already seen them naked quite enough for today."

Ginny snickered, then heard a door in the Prefects hallway and looked that way curiously. "Sounds like th--" She broke off, her eyes widening just a bit as Dean and Seamus walked out into the room.

Dean looked just as he usually did, complete with his habitual good-natured grin. Seamus seemed back to normal as well other than the fact the robe he was wearing was too narrow across the shoulders and he had to leave it open down the front. Dean and Seamus both looked decidedly cheerful as Seamus grinned at Hermione and Ginny, his earlier anger seeming forgotten. "Waiting for Harry, then?"

Hermione blinked and nodded, nonplussed. "Uhm, yes, we are. Everything alright?"

"Right as rain," Dean replied, smiling at Hermione. "Tell him I said thank you. I'll make my apologies myself, next time I get the chance."

Seamus nodded to Hermione and Ginny, adding with a grin, "We owe him one."

"Or ten," Dean corrected with a snort, looking at Seamus.

Seamus just snickered and pushed Dean to the door. "Oh, go on with you. One's enough, if it's a good one."

They left without another word and Hermione blinked a few more times before she turned to Ginny. "Men really are quite odd."

Ginny laughed. "Men say the same thing about women, love."

"Only because it's true," Harry said cheerfully, walking out of the hallway with Draco at his side. "Why are men odd at the moment, though?"

"Dean and Seamus said to say thank you." Ginny smirked at Harry and Draco, noticing that they both looked as if they had dressed hurriedly despite the fact that Draco's hair was as immaculate as ever. She was amused to notice the silver snake was still holding Draco's ponytail and wondered if Harry had told him it was spelled with several powerful protection spells. She doubted it. Harry was just the type to give someone a seemingly innocent gift and not tell them that he wanted them to wear it because it would protect them when he couldn't.

Harry grinned widely, looking smug. "Ha! Rather nice to get it right for a change."

Draco snickered and pushed Harry towards the door, gesturing for Ginny and Hermione to precede them. "Yes, yes, you're a marvel of stating the obvious, Harry. Dinner is waiting and I seem to have worked up an appetite again, so walk while you congratulate yourself."

Ginny snickered and grabbed Hermione's hand, leading her towards the door while Hermione muttered to herself, "Very, very odd."

~ The end, or a reasonable facsimile thereof.