Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twenty: Taming the Orc's Wild Passion
Summary: Kurtis has to train to get ready for the arena. His sister has the perfect way to motivate him.
Keywords: MF MFF FF inc oral anal fantasy magic viol exhib voy public

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Pyrriah  Ankush, the Queendom of Naith

Solja's ram-dao slammed down at me, the two-handed sword flashed in the sunlight. The crowd cheered, roaring with hunger for my death. For blood to be spilled in this cruel and terrible place. I hissed and rolled to the side.

The sword buried into the sand, kicking up a spray of particles.

I rolled to my feet, feeling energized. My fires burned hot in me, fueling my limbs. I moved quicker and felt stronger as I whirled around. My hair flashed by, glowing bright red, shining with my power.

What are you, red? growled the troll. He stood over me, his woody body looking unharmed, the wounds I had dealt having regenerated.

Pyrriah, twin sister of Kurtis and daughter of Las! I growled.

A demigoddess? The troll slashed in hard blows. You'll still bleed!

I danced back as the ram-dao hacked through the air before me. The hulk swung that blade so fast. He didn't leave himself open. He wielded that blade like it were an extension of his tall and lanky body. I could only dodge and dance.

Merely a flame rippling in the wind.

My tulwar flashed out, the curved blade deflecting his thrusts, nudging them from impaling through my body. I had to find a way to hurt him. It wasn't just how impossible it was to get inside his guard and hurt him.

He healed.

He was a troll.

If I didn't have my flames burning hot in me, if I didn't hear Lasla cheering me on from the stands, I would have given up. But nothing was ever lost. Nothing was ever hopeless. I just had to figure out how to take him down.

He slashed in at my right. I flowed to my left, glowing hair whipping behind me, only for his blade to change direction. A feint driving me right into position to be cut down by the hard slash now hurtling at where I stood.

Instincts blazed through me. I thrust my tulwar out before me, grabbing the back of the blade with my left hand. I held it braced before me, a rod that caught his sword. Sparks burst from our weapons. My tulwar flexed, on the verge of bending or snapping. My arms burned, bending at the elbows from the force of his blow. I slid back on the sands.

How many times can you block blows like that before that little twig snaps? Solja growled.

I grinned back at him, my resolve blazing inside of me, and roared, For Kurtis!

He slammed another blow at me. Solja slashes swept down in rapid succession. 

I gasped at the speed. They came one after the other, hardly a pause between them. Even with my new found speed, he was faster. I dodged and danced. I whirled out of the way of the attacks, but they were pinning me. Anticipating how I moved more and more.

He was understanding how I fought and countering me.

The next slash hacked in at me with blurring speed. I gasped, unable to dodge it. I thrust up my tulwar again to block, bracing the back of my blade against my left hand. Would my blade hold. Fear swept through me as the sword slammed into my tulwar. Sparks flared. A notch appeared in my sword's edge, the weapon damaged. He drew back and hacked in before I could retreat.

I was dead.

There was no way I would survive this. He would cut through my blade and my body. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

The berserk Tharaka slammed her fist into my face. I groaned, lying on my back on the coliseum's sands. I had thought I had her beaten, but then she unleashed her bloodlust. Her rage roared out of her. I groaned, my head throbbing from the impact.

She raised her fist again.

My brain ached. Blood trickled from a cut on my brow. If I didn't get her off of me, she would kill me. Berserk, she had a massive increase to her strength and would feel no pain. I had no way of overpowering her.

Which I had to do. There was only one way to stop a berserk orc: let them fight everything until bloodloss or exhaustion overwhelmed them, or make them cum. Sex would turn that rage into a mad passion. It would be almost as dangerous fucking a berserk orc as fighting one.

But it was the only chance I had.

I thrust a powerful surge of lust into her. I was Las's son. I could ignite desires and manipulate them in people. I rarely did it beyond giving a woman just a nudge to lose her inhibitions and fuck me hard.

I didn't give Tharaka a nudge.

I punched her with pure lust.

Her next pummeling blow faltered. She arched back, roaring. Spittle flew from her pierced lips. Bones adorned her swarthy face. Her head tossed from side to side, her breasts heaving in her chainmail top. She grabbed her tits and ripped the armor off of them, roaring as the lust surged through her. 

I bucked my waist, thrusting my crotch up into her, and rolled her off of me. I scrambled to my feet, my head ringing as her naked breasts heaved. She had bone pierced through both her fat nipples. She growled and then focused her eyes on me.

BASTARD! she roared, her anger stronger than the lust. It hadn't even blunted her fury.

Gods damn! I cursed as she threw herself to her feet with her arms. She flew at me.

I raised my armored, left arm to block. She slammed her fist into my bracer. I groaned as she punched again and again, her swings wild and brutal. I moved my arm, lifting it up and down to parry her.

She dented the armor. The bracer, strong enough to block powerful sword strikes, deformed before the strength of her punch. Spittle flew from her as I retreated. I thrust more lust into the fury brimming in her.

Tharaka had a boundless sea of rage that festered in her. The choppy fury battered waves of anger against her mind. I swelled the lust in her, trying to form some sort of barrier to keep that black hatred from consuming her mind.

I just had to turn her on.

My shoulder joint throbbed from absorbing the impacts of her wild blows. She growled like a beast, her eyes wild. Spittle flew as I backpedaled. How much lust could her fury swallow? Did I have enough power to awaken her lust for me?

If I couldn't she would rip me apart. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

KURTIS! I screamed as death hurtled down at me.

My world burst into fire.

Flames erupted around me. The fire swept down my arms and then engulfed my weapon. Solja's sword slammed into my burning sword. I tensed, expecting the snap of the metal and then the ram-dao cutting me in half.

My sword held.

Illth's poxed cum! snarled Solja. He stepped back as fire burned over my body.

I shuddered, staring at my sword. The flames went out. The sword was whole. The nick had vanished. I stared at it in shock. I didn't understand what I had just done. Where had all that power come from? The flames had blazed over my body but I hadn't burned.

Las, what did you give me? I whispered.

Movement drew my eye.

I looked up and gasped. The ram-dao thrust right at my gut. I had lowered my guard and left myself open to death. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I threw off my damaged bracer as I faced her. I had to get through to her or she would kill me.

As she swung her fist, howling in mindless fury, I gathered a huge blast of lust. A desperate thrust of passion that I plunged into her soul. I had to get through to her. I had to awaken her passion for once. I had to get through to her.

The lust slammed into her rage and wasn't swallowed.

Yes! I hissed.

Her fist slammed into my chest.

Air burst from my lungs. My feet left the ground. I groaned and struck the sand, wheezing. Pain radiated over my rib cage. Tharaka snarled as she threw herself on me. She straddled me, her eyes blazing with furious passion.

I had awakened desire in her, but her lust and violence had wrapped about each other. Instead of her desire being a barrier to her rage, it had united with her fury. She growled at me, her large breast heaving.

I couldn't tell if she wanted to fuck me or kill me.

Or both. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

A burst of fire-enhanced speed exploded out of me. Flames licking over my body, I dove to the right. The sword slashed past me, missing me by a few fingers width. I hit the sand and rolled. I rose to my feet, the flames burning down my arms to my sword.

The fires reflected in his eyes. He stared at me, his chest rising and falling. I rose and stared at him. And then something clicked. He had a wary look. He had retreated when I first burst into flames, and now he looked equally as cautious, his reckless attacks gone.

Why?

Then it clicked in my mind. Realization burned across my thoughts. 

Fire could hurt him. I didn't know why, maybe because he looked to be made of animated wood. Suddenly, I had a weapon. A way to hurt him. Even kill him. I focused on the fire that burned through me, keeping it burning up my blade.

You can't regenerate from fire, can you? I asked, his eyes fixed on my sword.

Believe what you want, he growled. 

I slashed at him. His ram-dao parried it.

No, no, you can't, I said with such certainty. Fire's the one thing you can't regenerate.

He growled and swung at me, but it lacked that wild, brutish force. I flicked the blade aside and darted in, looking to close the distance, but his reach was too long. He slashed the air before me, driving me back.

Why do you want to be the ambassador so badly? I asked as I faced him. You have to overcome my fire to get it. And trolls hate fires. Stories from my youth, told by my dragon-mother, came back to me. Trolls did despise fire. It was the only way to kill them.

Did Mother know that I had this fire? Does she understand what I am?

You're going to burn, Solja, I said. Is that worth being an ambassador to the snakes?

Yes! he snarled.

Why? I demanded and darted in for an attack.

He drove me back as he snarled, Vengeance! 

His previous recklessness had returned, swinging at me, driving me back. I had the fire, the way to hurt him, but his attacks were furious. It was all I could do, the flames blazing hot through me and over my skin, to keep from that massive sword cutting me in half.

It didn't matter at all that I could hurt him if I couldn't reach him. His energy appeared inexhaustible. How long could my flames burn? I was relying on a power I didn't understand at all. One mistake, and I would die.

I'd never see my daughters again. My nieces. I'd never hold Lasla and Kurtis in my arms.

The blade slashed down at me, almost cutting through my body. Fear tightened in me as the flames burned hotter. How could I win? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Tharaka snarled at me. Was this it? Would she kill me? Fuck me.

I slashed my sword at her, not willing to take that chance. Better to kill her than to die.

She grabbed my wrist and squeezed. I gasped as pain burst through my tendons. My sword fell from my limp fingers. Her furious eyes stared down at me. Lust and rage roiled through her, twisting and twining about each other. I couldn't tell where one began and ended.

She lifted herself and thrust her left hand down between her thighs, her chainmail skirt rattling. She ripped mine up and grabbed my cock in her hand. I gasped at the surprising softness of her fingers around my dick, the feminine touch of the berserk orc.

Tharaka's tits heaved over me as she raised herself and pointed my cock upward. I throbbed hard, always ready to fuck. I had her. I could see it in her eyes. She snarled and impaled her cunt down my cock.

Before the entire city of Ankush, the citizens roaring in the stands, she plunged her twat down my dick and took me to the hilt in her juicy snatch. I groaned, savoring that wonderful pussy squeezing about my dick. She felt awesome around me. I groaned, my back arching. Pleasure surged over me. 

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. You like that, don't you? You like my big dick in your pussy.

She snarled like a wild beast and draped herself over me. Her big tits piled into my chest, pierced nipples rubbing across my oiled muscles. Her pussy worked up and down my cock. I grabbed her ass, squeezing.

She bit my shoulder.

I howled in pain as her teeth dug into my flesh. She growled as she did, working her cunt up and down my cock. The agony shot down to my shaft. This fury built in me. This angry lust, this mad passion, roared inside of my soul.

Gods damn bitch! I growled and rolled her over.

Her teeth spilled from my shoulder. My blood matted her lips. Her pussy clenched down on me. I drew back my cock and slammed into her pussy. I thrust to the depths of the orc's cunt. She moaned, her face twisting with pleasure.

Yeah, that's what you get! I snarled, hammering her cunt hard. My balls smacked into her flesh. Want to bite me like an animal? Then I'll fuck you like a bitch!

YEEEESSSS! she snarled and grabbed me. Her fingernails dug into my back. She clawed at me. Fuck me! Pound me! Show me strength!

Las's big dick, I'll pound your cunt until you can't walk for a month! I snarled, the words not making sense as they tumbled out of my mouth. I slammed into her, my balls smacking into her taint while her fingers clawed my back.

The burning pain of her fingernails tearing across my back only spurred me on.

I thrust into her hard and fast. She stared up at me, her eyes full of rage and lust. She squeezed her thighs about me, holding me tight. I groaned, slamming into her juicy cunt, my balls smacking into her taint.

The crowd roared. They watched me fuck the orc hard. Her nipples rubbed into my chest, both nubs pierced by bone. I struggled to read her lusts. The anger was too wrapped around in her passion for me to follow it.

I had to overwhelm that anger with pleasure.

I pushed up on my left elbow. My right hand grabbed her large, ripe breast. I squeezed her tit as I drove my cock into her pussy. Tharaka moaned as my fingers dug into her tit. I shook her boob, the rod of bone thrusting through her nipple drawing my attention.

You want to cum, don't you, Tharaka, I growled. You want to explode on my dick!

Do you have the strength to survive long enough to make me cum? she growled, her thighs squeezing about me, her eyes mad with rage. You're weak!

I groaned at the strength of her thighs. My hips creaked. Her fingernails raked more wounds across my back. I drank in the pain. It was another form of pleasure. Another experience to enjoy. I thrust hard into her, slamming into her cunt.

I grabbed her pierced nipple and twisted it.

She gasped as I twerked her nub around. Her pussy clamped down on her. Pain flared through her, mixing into the lust. She moaned in delight, her passion building and building. I grinned at her as I rammed my cock into her cunt.

That's what you want! I growled, twisting her nipple in the other direction.

I abused her little nub. She snarled like a beast in heat. Her big tits jiggled from the impact of my thrusts, her pussy squeezing around my dick. Tharaka's pussy clamped down hard, holding me with all her force. All her passion.

I grinned at her, knowing that I had her. I just had to survive her crushing embrace. I could make her cum. The orc beauty would explode on my dick. Her pussy would go wild around my cock. It would be incredible.

I pumped away at her. I slammed into her cunt as I rose further. Her fingernails clawed down my sides as I sat up, her legs about my waist. I twisted her nipple with my right hand while my left went down to her chainmail skirt.

I found the buckler and opened it, exposing her shaved bush. The fingers of my left hand slid into her thick curls as I thrust my cock hard into her cunt. The crowd roared. They cheered us one, watching me fuck their champion like a whore.

I found her clit.

Pinched it.

YEEEESSSS! she snarled as I abused her sensitive nub.

Her passion swelled. Desire attacked her rage. The lust won. Her fury drowned beneath the growing tide of her pleasure. I twisted her nipple. Pinched her clit. She gasped, her cunt clamping down hard on my cock as I thrust it into her pussy.

Gewin's mighty cock! she snarled. Yes! Fuck me!

Her pussy convulsed around my dick. Her hot flesh writhed and spasmed, that delight rippling about my shaft. I buried into hers, savoring her pleasure spilling over me. The fury vanished from her face. Now it all a woman's passion.

Your dick! she moaned. Your dick has defeated me! Yes, yes, yes, cum in me! Spurt your seed into my pussy, warrior!

I grinned and slammed to the hilt in her cunt, her hot flesh convulsing around me. That wonderful, massaging delight of her pussy swelled the ache at the tip of my dick. I threw back my head and howled out in rapture.

Las's big cock! 

I fired my cum into Tharaka's pussy.

Her cunt spasmed harder around my dick. She moaned, her back arching. Her swarthy tits heaved and bounced together. Her pierced face twisted with rapture. I growled, dumping my cum into the orc's pussy.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned.

Her flesh milked me. She worked out my fertile seed into her pussy. I bred her, completing my defeat of her. I had bested her, showering her in my cum. Pleasure slammed into my mind, drowning out the fire burning in my back and the throbbing bite to my shoulder.

I had won. 

I had tamed Tharaka!

Yes! I growled and turned my head to see Pyrriah's fight. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I danced about Solja. I flowed from fighting stance to fighting stance, looking for my opening. I would find it. I would ram my burning sword into him. I just had to uncover the right opening, act at the perfect moment. I had to be patient. There was no other choice.

The crowd roared louder and louder. They were excited. Did they think I would die? Had Kurtis won his battle? Lost?

I couldn't let my focus fade. I had to keep it on his sword and

He slashed at me and I flowed into his guard. I was inside of him and thrust my sword into his belly. I plunged my tulwar deep. Flames burned up his body. His woody skin charred, but he didn't even flinch.

His elbow slammed into my head.

I stumbled back, my sword almost yanked out of my grasp and left behind in his body. Stars danced before my eyes. I shook my head. 

His sword slashed at me as he roared, I have been forged into the naga's crucible! I have faced fire!

I jumped back, worry rippling through me. If flames didn't cause him pain, how could I burn him long enough to do real damage? His flesh had still charred from the flames but he fought on despite the wound that wasn't healing. He slashed at me, driving me back. 

There had to be a way to beat him. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Tharaka panted as she held me. You tamed me.

I did, I panted, looking around for my sister. I spotted her blazing as she retreated from Solja's sword strokes. Their fight was still going on and it didn't look good for my sister. She was dancing, barely avoiding any blows. Gods damn, we have to stop it.

I tried to stand up, but her thighs gripped me.

You lost! I growled. Don't interfere.

She stared up at me. Only one man has ever stopped my rage this way. My brother. You're better at sex, but fighting... You will die. So will she. What a pity.

Fury surged through me. I had to do something. I couldn't let my twin sister die. I would save her life. I would win this match. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

My strength flagged with every step. Every dodge. 

I couldn't keep this up for much longer. My flames were guttering out. I pressed towards the limits of my body. He hadn't even come close to his. He looked unstoppable. A force of nature more than a living creature.

I had to distract him. Disrupt him. Do something to knock him off-balance.

He slashed at me. I knocked the sword away and retreated, barely making it to safety. He recovered for his next attack. I blurted out, What did the nagas do to you?

They hammered me into a weapon, he growled. They forged me into a weapon. They had hoped to use me, but I broke free!

And that's why you want to go to Shizhuth? I demanded. To get revenge on them for hurting you.

For hurting her! he bellowed and slammed his sword down at me. 

I jumped back. Anger was good. That would make his swings more reckless, more out of control. Tharaka? This is about your sister?

Our mother! he snarled. She was taken by them, pregnant with Tharaka. They wanted to breed trolls and ogres. Most women do not survive, but an orc warrior... A berserker... Well, she just might have the strength and fortitude to do it. So they brutalized her. Tharaka grew up hearing our mother's torment. I was born...

His face twisted in rage.

She survived bearing me, but then they thought she could survive an ogre. After all, a troll is just as deadly. But she was weakened by delivering me. By surviving my violent eruption into this world. I can barely remember it. How she screamed as the ogre-child ripped her to pieces. She died.

I grew up in their facility trained to fight while my sister, Tharaka, was prepared to take our mother's place. To be another womb taking troll and ogre seed. I knew she wouldn't survive. She had always been kind to me. The only one. 

The nagas forged me into a weapon, and I turned on them. I broke out my sister from that terrible place and came here. In the arena, we have been fighting to win Queen Athirmi's regard. We have endured her tests to be her diplomats. We will stand before the naga empress and rip her black-damned head off for what was done to our mother!

I stared at him in horror. Such pain swelled across his face. Rage and despair. He swung his sword hard at me. I spun to the right and then slashed my blade, striking him in the face. I scored a hit down his jaw, cutting through the bark-like skin. Fire burned over his face. He roared his fury, not caring, and swung his blade at me in a cutting arc.

I ducked it and rolled to my feet. I heard him rushing at me. Out of desperation, I threw a ball of fire over my shoulder. I heard it explode on his chest, flames crackling. He snarled his fury. I gasped in realization. 

I could throw my fire.

I spun around, his chest scorched, flames licking at his shoulders. I dropped my tulwar and formed another ball of fire. I'm sorry about your mother! I growled. But I'm not going to die so you can get your vengeance. Yield!

Kill me if you can, bitch! he growled.

Solja! Tharaka called. She was by my brother, both of them naked. Of course, he had fucked her. It's over! We lost!

I will get my vengeance! Solja howled and rushed in. 

I threw the ball of fire at him. The troll slashed it with his massive ram-dao, cutting the flames. They burst into a conflagration. Heat washed over me. The crowd whooped their delight. Solja burst through the flames, fire burning on his arms, and slashed his sword at me.

I dove to the ground, dodging it, but he howled his fury, flames crackling over his body. He didn't care about my fire. He would kill me. I didn't have much heat left in my body. I felt so weak as I staggered to my feet.

Solja snarled and pounded after me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Fear swelled through me as the crowd clapped and cheered. They loved the display. They watched the troll barrel through my sister's fire. That hulk would hack her down. He would kill Pyrriah. My twin would die.

I couldn't let that happen.

I snagged up my sword and thrust it at Tharaka's throat. I'll kill your sister, Solja! I shouted. I'll slit her throat!

As I did, I threw out incestuous desire into Solja, waking any lust he might have for his sister.

It's over! I shouted.

Solja whipped his gaze around. Fire licked at his woody body. He must be in such pain.

Do you want your sister to die? I demanded. I knew that fear coursing through me. He had to feel it, too. I defeated her, but I'll spare her life if you yield.

Defeated you? growled Solja. How?

I raged, she said. And he still bested me, brother. He'll spare me, but if you don't stop trying to kill his sister... He'll execute me.

You want me to surrender? growled Solja. This is our chance.

You'll be doing it on your own, she said, swaying. Surrender, Solja. It's over.

NOOOOO! He faced us, flames guttering out across his body. Smoke rose from the charred patches of his woody flesh. You want to abandon our vengeance?

We can still avenge our mother! Tharaka shouted back. There are other ways. But... If you love me... You have to yield to save me.

I sent more lust into Solja, reminding him of how much he cared for his sister. Lusted for her. I could feel that desire in him. Life stirred beneath his loincloth. That itch, that sexual ache that demanded release, rose in him.

It was so hard for any living creature to ignore that primal desire. So hard to deny it. Especially if you were a race birth of Las's passions.

He raised his two-handed sword in one, aiming it at me.

I will kill her! I shouted. To save Pyrriah, I would do anything. There was nothing I wouldn't do to protect my sisters. I love my sister as much as you love yours! This is no bluff!

Is vengeance worth losing me, Solja? asked Tharaka.

He growled in disgust and threw his sword down. It struck the sands. I yield.

The crowd burst into cheers. The thunderous applause rippled over the training sands. I lowered my sword. Tharaka glanced at me and then smiled. She winked at me before running over to her brother. She reached him, gingerly touching his burns. He cupped her face, staring down at her. I had heard trolls were brutes. Monsters.

There was real affection in his eyes as he stared at his sister.

Exhilaration rushed through me as Pyrriah raced to me. The flames on her body went out. The glow in her hair faded. Her breasts bounced in her chainmail bikini, her skirt of metal rustling about her thighs. Then she reached me.

She threw her arms around me, tears in her eyes. I dropped my tulwar and pulled her to me. She kissed me on the mouth, clinging to me. Her tears spilled down her cheeks and seasoned our kiss with her salty pain.

I lifted her, holding her in my arms, and spun her around. We had lived. We had won the day. The crowd's enjoyment thundered around us. I shook as the battle excitement bled out of me. I felt clammy for a moment then hot as I kissed my sister.

The cheering swelled louder and louder. It was deafening. I held my sister tight, spinning her around. I never wanted to let her go. I didn't care how my back burned from Tharaka's fingernails or how my shoulder throbbed from being bit. 

I just loved this moment.

Then a hush fell on the coliseum. The applause petered out.

I set down my sister and broke the kiss. Panting, I turned around, struggling to get my bearings. Tharaka and Solja were heading out of the arena together, my cum dripping down her swarthy thighs while she stroked her brother's cock that she'd pulled out of his loincloth.

Where they lovers? They could only do oral or anal since Troll cum had a similar property to mine: it knocked up any woman. And troll pregnancy progressed fast and was usually lethal. I shivered, remembering the words he shouted.

I finally spotted the reason the crowd had gone silent. Queen Athirmi stood in the royal box staring down at us, her face implacable from here. The two twins that served her knelt on either side, their lips gleaming with pussy juices. How many times had the queen cum on their faces.

Holding my sister to my side, I headed out to the middle of the arena and knelt before her.

The winners! Queen Athirmi announced. Kurtis and his fiery sister have vanquished Tharaka and Solja. Let all of Naith know of their deeds and the prowess of Kurtis, tamer of the berserker Tharaka's pussy!

I grinned at that.

I don't know if I should be angry that you were fucking her while I was risking my life, my sister whispered.

Trust me, I risked my life, I said, my shoulder throbbing.

You have passed the Trial of Steel, Queen Athirmi announced. Tomorrow, I shall deliver the instructions for your final task. Then she swept around and marched off.

The applause resumed, the cheers deafening. I stood up, my cock throbbing before me. I was down to the sandals strapped about my feet and ankles and the pauldron adorning my left shoulder. I headed towards where our family waited.

Lasla burst onto the sand, her purple robes flapping around her legs and her black hair streaming behind her head. She threw herself at me and kissed me. I held my sister to me, picking her up as she thrust her tongue into my mouth.

I carried her to the stairs and vanished into the gladiator area. Moans and grunts came from a side room. I caught a glimpse of Tharaka on her knees getting pounded in the ass by her troll-brother's huge, woody cock. 

Yes, yes, yes! she growled as she took that big dick in the ass.

My cock throbbed, my lusts swelling through me. I needed to satiate my passion. I set Lasla down, breaking the kiss with her, as my slaves surrounded us. Princess Lavhi crawled on the ground, her leash held in Princess Naryu's hand. My mother smiled, nodding.

I knew you would prevail, she said, glancing over at Pyrriah. Both my children are too strong to fail.

Yes, we are, I said, savoring my victory. The scratches in my back throbbing. 

Master, let me attend to your wounds, said Princess Naryu. She pulled me to a padded bench with a hole cut in it. This is for champions to be massaged on. She yanked on the leash attached to her cousin's collar. Time to put that whore mouth of yours to use, slut.

What? whimpered Lavhi. Then she gasped. No, no, turn on the vibrations! Please, please, Mistress Lasla! I need it. I need to feel good.

When you suck your master's cock and drink his cum, you'll get it, Princess Naryu said. Master, if you would kindly slip onto the massage bed. Her face blurred. Furs sprouted, orange striped with black save the white patch on her throat. Triangular ears twitched and whiskers quivered. She licked her chops. You shall enjoy this.

As she spoke, my mother unbuckled my pauldron and pulled it off. She smiled at me and kissed me where Tharaka had bitten me. I groaned at the soothing, motherly gesture. I glanced at my sisters. Lasla and Pyrriah kissed with a mad passion, Lasla ripping the armor off our sister's body.

I smiled and sank onto the padded bench. My cock thrust threw the hole, dangling down. I watched Lasla duck her head down and suck on Pyrriah's pink nipple. My twin moaned, her fiery hair dancing around her face. She had come through unscathed.

Good.

Lasla crawled beneath the bench. She lay on her back, her large breasts quivering. Her lips kissed at the tip of my dangling cock. I shuddered as she licked over my spongy crown, bathing it with her hot saliva. Then the rakshasa-slave swallowed my cock.

Las's big dick, I groaned in delight as she sucked on me. She nursed with sloppy sounds. My dick throbbed in her mouth.

Enjoy, Master, my other princess-slave purred. The daughter of Queen Athirmi straddled my ass, rubbing her wet pussy into my rump.

I couldn't see her, but in moments, I felt the soothing licks of her tongue. Her thick, hot feline tongue dragged over my scratches. Her touch was soothing. I shuddered, my dick twitching in her cousin's mouth as she banished the heat.

I groaned, letting her tongue massage away all my hurts and pain. I watched Lasla's sucking at Pyrriah's nipple and rubbing at her pussy. My twin groaned, her head thrown back. Nephi stood to watch at the door, her arms folded beneath her breasts.

Mother, lick Nephi's pussy, I groaned.

Yes, Master, my dragon-mother purred. She crawled to the watching sphinx. A smile spread on Nephi's lips.

Then she gasped in delight.

I watched the lesbian passion unfolding before me. Lasla dropped to her knees and buried her face into Pyrriah's pussy, licking at our sister's cunt. The wet slit of my mother's pussy gleamed, the chastity belt covering her clit. I hadn't even thought of calling on her in those desperate moments.

My sisters and I had to be strong on our own.

Princess Lavhi's sucking mouth had my dick twitching and throbbing. I groaned while Princess Naryu's tongue lapped over my back. Her tongue banished the pain as she lapped over my scratched flesh, soaking me in saliva.

And enjoying my blood. She was a predator.

She purred as she licked me. So did Princess Lavhi, her passion buzzing around my cock. It wouldn't be long before I would be cumming in her mouth. Just basting the slut with my cum. My balls tightened as she nursed and purred around my dick. 

Gods, yes, I groaned, savoring every minute of this delight.

Her tongue bathed me as Princess Lavhi's suckling brought me closer and closer to cumming. Her tongue danced around my tip as she whimpered and moaned. My balls twitched as the pressure grew and grew in them.

Mmm, just relax, Master, Princess Naryu growled, her tongue lapping over another cut.

Yes, I sighed. Her tongue's wet stroke felt incredible.

My pain forgotten, I just savored the hot mouth suckling on my dick. The sexy princess nursing on my cock. I watched my women, the sphinx shuddering. Nephi's big boobs jiggled as she came closer and closer to her orgasm.

Closer and closer to exploding with her passion. It would be grand. Her suckling swelled that ache while the other princess-slave bathed my back in passion. I watched Nephi toss her head and Pyrriah shudder on Lasla's mouth.

I smiled, savoring my triumph and my rewards.

Gods damn! I growled and came.

My cum fired into Princess Lavhi's hungry mouth. I spurted my spunk, the pleasure slamming through my mind. I groaned, stars dancing across my vision. I bucked on the massage bench, the ecstasy sweeping through my body. I groaned, my heart pounding as the pleasure slammed into my mind.

Princess Naryu's tongue licked across my back. She coated me in her spittle. I shuddered, savoring the comforting lick of her tongue. She soothed away the ache. I groaned, closing my eyes and luxuriating in her touch as I pumped the final blasts of cum into her.

I wanted more. I had one today.

Princess Naryu, I groaned.

Yes, Master, she purred. Her tongue licked up my back, her hands stroking my sides.

I want your asshole wrapped around my cock. I want you working your bowels up and down my dick. That's the sort of massaging I need right now.

Of course, Master, she moaned and then lifted herself.

I turned over, sliding my cock out of Princess Lavhi's mouth. She whimpered and moaned, needing to cum more, but Lasla was too busy feasting on Pyrriah's pussy to do anything about it. I shuddered as I stretched out on my back.

Princess Naryu, her face still in her feline form, winked at me. She licked her chops, her whiskers twitching. She moved up my body, her hand straddling my hard cock. She lowered her hips down, her small breasts quivering. She pressed my cock between her butt-cheeks and pressed it against her asshole.

Enjoy, Master, she moaned and then impaled her bowled down my dick.

Her anal ring stood no chance against her passion. Her sphincter slid over my cock in a flash, and then her hot asshole engulfed my cock. I groaned as more and more of her velvety bowels slid down my dick until she had taken every inch of it. She roared in delight, wiggling her hips.

As she slid up me, Nephi moaned in delight. Her big boobs heaved. My sexy sphinx came on my dragon mother's mouth. I shuddered, my dick throbbing in Princess Naryu's tight bowels. She slammed her asshole down my dick again.

Master, Master, Princess Lavhi moaned. Pleasure! Pleasure!

Lasla, turn on her toy! I groaned.

Yes, yes, turn it on! Pyrriah moaned, her red hair bursting with fiery delight as she came. 

The toy hummed to life. The princess-slave moaned in delight, addicted to the pleasure of it. I shuddered, her cousin working her asshole up and down my dick. The sexy Princess Naryu roared her pleasure as she rode my cock.

Mother, I groaned, dismissing her chastity belt. I want to eat your pussy. I want to devour the cunt that birthed me.

Yes, Master, the busty dragon said. Her azure hair swayed as she stood and darted over, her tits bouncing. Mmm, I am honored to feed you my pussy, Master.

She straddled my face and planted her pussy right on my mouth. I groaned at the sweet scent of my mother's snatch. Her hot folds rubbed on my lips. I licked through her folds, savoring the incestuous rush of worshiping my mother.

I feasted on her, my hands, gripping her thighs. I licked and lapped, Pyrriah moaning through her climax in the background. Princess Naryu purred with such delight as she worked her asshole up and down my dick, massaging me. 

Oh, Lasla, let me eat your cunt, Pyrriah moaned.

Yes, yes, yes! my other sister answered.

I thrust my tongue deep into my mother's cunt. I swirled about in her sweet depths. I groaned into her cunt, the pressure building and building at the tip of my dick. Princess Naryu worked her asshole up and down my cock, her hands massaging my chest.

Mother moaned as I feasted on her cunt. Her blue hair danced down her silky back. Her hairless folds rubbed on my mouth. I groaned, lapping at her cunt with hunger. I slid my tongue through her folds, teasing her. 

Gods damn, I love your pussy, Mother! I groaned, my voice throaty from the pleasure Princess Naryu gave me.

Yes, yes, I can tell, Master! she moaned. Ooh, your Mommy-slave is so glad to feed you her yummy pussy.

Such a loving Mommy-slave! the rakshasa purred, her bowels clenching around my dick bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

We were all hurtling towards our orgasms. Princess Naryu's cunt simmered, her asshole reveling in working up and down my dick. Mother's twat grew hotter and hotter, my tongue caressing her folds in just the right way. The pressure in my nuts swelled. The ache at the tip of my dick grew.

I growled, fluttering my tongue up to my mother's clit. I lapped at it, savoring the sweet flavor of her pussy. I sucked on her bud. She gasped, her butt-cheeks clenching before my face. Her hair danced down her back.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Oh, Master. I... I... Yes!

Sweet cream flooded my mouth. I drank my dragon-mother's passion. I gulped it down, loving every moment of drinking her delight. My dick throbbed in Princess Naryu's asshole as I feasted on my mother's cunt cream. Every son should have this delight.

Gods damn, yes! I growled as my rakshasa-slave impaled her asshole down my dick. She took me to the hilt and then gasped out in ecstasy.

Her asshole spasmed around my dick. Pussy cream gushed from her pussy and splashed my stomach. She soaked me with her passion as her bowels massaged my cock. The pleasure I craved, the delight of her spasming anal sheath, surged through me.

I exploded.

Las's mighty cock! I growled, my cum firing into Princess Naryu's receptive asshole.

Oh, Master, you honor me! the princess-slave moaned.

Yes, yes, yes, your Mommy-slave is honored to cum on your mouth, Master!

The pleasure slammed through my mind. My cum fired over and over, flooding the rakshasa-slave's asshole. I growled, my mind melting beneath the pleasure shooting from my cock. I rubbed my face into my mother's pussy, savoring her sweet pleasure.

Stars burst across my vision. I shuddered, my heart pounding fast. I licked at my mother's cunt. I feasted on her cream as Princess Naryu worked out every drop of my cum from my balls. I groaned my delight, trembling through that heavenly rapture.

Master, whimpered my two sex slaves.

I buzzed with triumph. I had passed the Trial of Steel. Now all that was left was the Trial of Pain. Tomorrow, I would find out what I had to do next. I would face it with my loving sisters, my submissive mother, and my obedient slaves. I would gain that ambassadorship.

I would fuck the naga empress and then her Serpent Oracle. I would find out how to rescue my father and breed every woman, demigoddess, and monster girl I could in the meantime. 

To be continued...
