SISTERS

BY T-LUV

The months of preparation were about to pay off. The last light
inside the house had been turned off. But Greg still waited. He'd
been waiting for more than a year; there was no sense in blowing
everything now by not waiting one more hour. He patted the
satchel that sat beside him on the seat, reassuring himself that
he hadn't forgotten to bring anything.

Inside the house were his unsuspecting victims. Three sisters.
He'd found them more than a year earlier, when he was working as
a home security consultant, installing the alarm system in their
house. He had been obsessed with them ever since, and had spent
much time and money researching them, learning everything he
could.

The oldest girl, Ayla, and the middle one, Tammy, shared the same
parents. But their father was a drunk who abandoned the family
shortly after Tammy's birth. The youngest, Stefani, was the
product of the mother's tryst with a stranger while vacationing
in Spain two years later. The mother and two fathers managed to
create three beautiful girls. They were spaced about three years
apart, and were now aged nineteen, sixteen and thirteen. Almost
as a bonus, they were blonde, brunette and redhead, respectively.

They were also alone. A year and a half ago, their mother was
killed in a car wreck. Unable (and unwilling) to locate Ayla's
and Tammy's father, and having no close relatives able to take
them in, they had successfully petitioned the courts to grant
Ayla, at age eighteen, guardianship of her two younger sisters.
Since then Ayla had been working full time and going to college
at night. Between her paychecks and her sister's Social Security
benefits, along with a modest inheritance and insurance
settlement, they were able to provide for themselves adequately.

Greg's observations had shown him something of the character of
the sisters. Ayla had a fairly well-paying job, considering her
age and experience. A friend of her mother had taken her under
his wing after the tragedy and given her a position as a
receptionist with his company. The job was flexible enough to let
her concentrate on her college studies, and she was managing to
maintain a high "C" average. Ayla had hopes of going into the
college's nursing program. Between work and school, Ayla had
little time for a social life and didn't seem to be romantically
involved with anyone. Not seriously, anyway. From what he'd seen
of her infrequent dates though, Greg suspected she might be
either a lesbian, or bisexual.

Tammy, on the other hand, seemed to have a very active social
life. Through a friend's teenage son, who happened to be in the
tenth grade with Tammy, Greg had learned that Tammy had several
"boyfriends", none of whom she dated exclusively. She was a
cheerleader, and had something of a reputation as a slut. There
was speculation that she had slept with most of the varsity
basketball team, and a good part of the football team, though
Greg sensed that his contact may have been exaggerating her
"easyness" because she had turned him down when he asked her out.
The fact that she had received an "A" in math last semester had
raised a few eyebrows as well, considering her otherwise low "C"
average. She insisted it was because of the extra "tutoring"
she'd gotten from her teacher, Mr. Ballder. Tammy was also known
to be something of a bitch.

Then there was young Stefani. Having a different father than her
sisters meant she looked a bit different. She had brown eyes to
their blue. She was shorter and curvier while her sisters were
taller and more slender. Stefani looked as though she might
eventually end up with larger breasts than either of her older
sisters. Greg knew the least about Stefani, mainly because it was
hard to observe her at the junior high school. Being noticed
watching the girls there would raise suspicion, which he
certainly didn't need. So he'd had to settle for watching her
walk home from school, and occasionally observing her at the
mall. She didn't seem to have many friends, and at age thirteen
didn't date. Stefani always walked with her head down, as if she
hoped nobody would notice her. Her baggy, all black clothes
mostly hid her figure, but Greg had managed to be at the public
swimming pool one day when the sisters had been there, and had
enjoyed studying young Stefani's blossoming body in her modest
one-piece swimsuit.

At eleven o'clock, heart pounding with anticipation, Greg quietly
got out of his car. Satchel in hand, he approached the girl's
house. Before doing anything else, he took the remote control
from his satchel and silently deactivated the security system
he'd personally installed last year. Then, hiding behind the
bushes beside the house (bushes that he had conveniently
neglected to point out as a security hazard) he crept to the
window that he knew belonged to young Stefani's bedroom. From his
bag he took an electronic listening device. Donning headphones he
pressed a suction cup microphone to the glass and listened
carefully. Stefani's slow, steady breathing told him that the
girl was asleep. Good. The same procedure at two more windows
confirmed that the older sisters were likewise slumbering. He
returned to Stefani's window.

It was a simple matter to get the window open, especially since
the red-haired youngster had foolishly left the latch undone.
Greg reached inside and quietly placed his bag atop the chest of
drawers beside the window. Then, taking pains to be silent, he
gently eased his body through the window. Inside, he stood stock
still and listened for anything that might indicate he'd been
heard. Nothing. As his eyes grew accustomed to the darkness, he
was able to locate the girl's boombox, positioned conveniently
next to her bed. He checked the CD that was in the player.
Marilyn Manson. Perfect. He looked at the sleeping teenager. She
was on her back, just as he'd hoped. That position would make
things much easier.

Taking his satchel from the chest of drawers, Greg opened it and
selected three items: a large, scary-looking knife, a ball gag,
and a short length of rope. Standing up, he took a deep breath
and let it back out, slowly. This was it. No turning back now.

With the gag and rope in one hand and the knife stuck in his
belt, Greg leaned over the sleeping girl. Moving quickly, he
simultaneously pressed one hand to Stefani's chest and his mouth
to hers. As expected, she woke with a start. It took a second for
her to realize she wasn't alone. Her scream was effectively
muffled by Greg's mouth covering hers. He kept his mouth locked
to hers, while his hand on her chest held her down until she
finally stopped struggling. He could feel her heart pounding
rapidly. She was breathing quickly, but through her nose because
her mouth was covered. When she finally stilled, Greg carefully
replaced his mouth with his hand, which he kept clamped in place
while he climbed on top of the girl. She was still under the
covers, so Greg's knees served to tighten them over her. Only her
head was exposed.

"Okay," Greg whispered, "I'm going to uncover your mouth for a
moment. I don't want you to scream. I don't want you to make any
noise. Promise me you won't scream." The girl nodded frantically,
terror in her eyes. "Good girl. Remember your promise." He moved
his hand a fraction of an inch, and the girl was good for her
word and didn't scream. She whispered when her mouth was free.

"Please, mister, don't hurt me! I'm only thirteen! Don't hurt
me!" A few tears welled at the corners of Stefani's eyes.

"I know you're only thirteen," Greg whispered back. "That's why I
like you." He saw a flicker in the girl's eyes when he said that.

"Y-you like me?" Stefani whispered back, looking right into
Greg's eyes.

"Yes, I like you very much. Now, I need you to do what I say,
okay?" The young girl nodded. "Good. I need to put this in your
mouth and fasten the straps behind your head." Greg held up the
ball gag. "So open your mouth wide for me." The girl obeyed, and
was still as the ball was placed into her mouth and the straps
were buckled at the back of her head.

"Now, I want you to hold your wrists out to me." Greg lifted
himself up off the girl, enough that she could get her arms free
and raise them up to him. When she did, he tied them together
with the rope. "There. I'm going to get off of you now. I want
you to keep still." Carefully, he climbed back off the bed. Next
he pulled the covers off of the trembling, frightened girl. Her
nightclothes consisted of a thin tank top and white panties. The
shirt clung to her small breasts, and her fear-hardened nipples
were clearly visible. She looked so sexy lying there that Greg
was tempted to take her right then. But it wasn't time.

Greg helped her into a sitting position and then sat beside her.
They were both facing the bedroom door. "So, you like Marilyn
Manson?" he asked her. She nodded. "Do your sisters like him?"
Stefani shook her head vigorously. "They probably like those boy
bands, don't they?" The girl rolled her eyes and nodded. Greg
decided that she was taking her situation surprisingly well.
"Well, since they don't like your favorite singer, I wonder what
will happen when I do this!" Greg reached for the boombox and
turned the volume knob all the way up. Then he hit the 'play'
button.

Only a few seconds after the raucous heavy metal started blasting
from the speakers, the bedroom door flew open. As Greg had
expected, it was Tammy who had come to deal with the noise, since
her bedroom was right next to Stefani's. She was already yelling
before she turned on the light. "Dammit, Stef! Turn that shit
off..." her voice trailed off when the lights came on and she saw
a strange man holding a knife to the throat of her little sister.
"Omigod! Stef..." She looked with panic at Greg. "She's only
thirteen!"

"Yes, yes, I know she's thirteen!" Greg responded, turning the
loud music off. "And you're sixteen. Now, instead of standing
there looking stupid, how about calling your nineteen-year-old
sister in here. We're going to have a little party." There was a
mocking tone to Greg's voice. When Tammy didn't obey his order
immediately, but instead stood there staring at the two of them,
he pressed the knife harder against Stefani's throat. The knife
was actually just a prop, dull as a spoon, but Tammy didn't need
to know that. "Call her!"

"Ayla?" Tammy called down the hallway. "Ayla, you'd better come
in here! Hurry!"

Judging by the speed with which the blonde sister arrived, she
must have been already on her way. "What's going on in here..."
Ayla stopped abruptly, obviously very groggy, but suddenly awake
once she realized what was happening. Greg could see her trying
to fight down her own panic. She looked at him, then at her
youngest sister. "Has he hurt you, Stef?" When Stefani shook her
head, Ayla looked at Greg, fire in her eyes. "You bastard! You'd
better not have hurt her! She's only thirteen!"

Greg rolled his eyes. "Well, I'm glad we all agree that this cute
little girl is thirteen! Since we all agree on that, perhaps the
two of you," Greg motioned to the girls at the doorway, "will
agree that you need to take off your clothes." They just stared
at him with horrified expressions on their faces. "I said, take
off your clothes! All of them!" He emphasized his command by
making a cutting motion with the knife across Stefani's throat.
And he was sure he heard a muffled giggle from her. "You first,
blondie!"

Ayla's night clothes consisted of a blue and orange striped shirt
and matching panty. Never taking her eyes off Greg and her
sister, she pulled the shirt off. Her bare breasts were now fully
exposed. Greg's mouth watered at the sight of the smooth,
perfect, round c-cups with their small, pink nipples. Ayla's face
wore a look of pure hatred as she next lowered her panties to the
floor and stood there naked. Greg smiled at her shaved pubes. At
Greg's order, she turned around slowly to show him her firm,
round butt.

Satisfied, Greg nodded at Tammy. "Your turn."

Tammy stared defiantly at him. She was wearing a long, sheer
black nightgown, so Greg had already had a good view of her
breasts. But as she dropped the gown to the floor Greg was able
to admire her twin globes better. Tammy's tits were smaller than
Ayla's, but her nipples were bigger. When her panties came off
Greg saw that her dark patch of pubic hair was neatly trimmed, as
if for a bikini, but Tammy's skin was so uniformly pale that Greg
doubted she spent much time in the sun. Her ass was rounder than
Ayla's.

With the two older girls now naked, Greg stood up and helped
Stefani to her feet. "Now, let's all go downstairs to the
basement. Lead the way, Ayla." The basement was windowless, so
there would be no telltale shadows visible to neighbors and
passersby. The below-ground basement would also reduce the amount
of noise that might alert outsiders that something was wrong in
the house. Greg remembered that the basement was furnished, and
hoped it still contained the same stuff that he remembered.
Satchel in one hand and Stefani's arm in the other, he followed
Ayla and Tammy to the basement stairs. Before they descended he
said to them, "When you get to the bottom, just stand there. I
want you to stay right where I can see you."

Once Ayla and Tammy were at the bottom of the stairs Greg and
Stefani followed. He then ordered the older girls to the opposite
side of the room. Looking around, he saw that the room was still
arranged just as he remembered it. Beside him was a small bar,
though it was not stocked with alcohol due to the ages of the
girls. There were three barstools. In the center of the room was
a pooltable. At the other side of the room, where the two sisters
stood, looking very scared, was a sofa. The room also contained a
love seat, a recliner, and a couple more stuffed chairs. Best of
all, there was a heavy wooden post near one wall, and an exposed
beam across the ceiling.

"You two, sit down!" Greg motioned to the sofa and Ayla and Tammy
quickly sat down. He guided Stefani onto the love seat and then
sat beside her. He whispered into her ear, "Are you a virgin?"
She nodded. "Good. That's another reason I like you." He noticed
she gave him the same wide-eyed look that she'd given him the
last time he told her he liked her. He wondered if she really
believed him. "Now, I'm going to take this gag off you, okay? But
I want you to stay quiet." He unbuckled the straps and took the
gag out of the girl's mouth. She was quiet, but worked her mouth
a few times to get rid of the stiffness in her jaw. Then she
closed her mouth and sat quietly with her tied hands in front of
her. "Good girl," Greg told her.

Reaching into his bag, Greg took out a hammer and a foot long
nail. He walked to the wooden post and drove the nail into it,
higher than his own head, at a forty-five degree angle. He left
about six inches protruding from the post. Returning the hammer
to the bag, he pointed to Ayla. "Hold out your wrists." With
another short bit of rope he tied Ayla's wrists together, and
then did the same with Tammy's wrists.

"Now," Greg said to the blonde and brunette, "I expect the two of
you to cooperate fully with me. The better you cooperate, the
longer your little sister over there will remain safe. He glanced
back at Stefani, finding her sitting there just staring at the
proceedings. "Both of you, get on your knees!" Ayla and Tammy
scrambled to obey, fearing for Stefani's safety. Greg reached
into his bag again, this time producing a riding crop. He stepped
in front of Ayla and opened his pants, and took out his cock. He
heard all three girls gasp when they saw his ten- inch tool.
Stefani had a clear view of what was happening. "Okay, Ayla, open
your mouth, and take it!"

Afraid of what he would do to Stefani if she refused, Ayla did as
instructed. She wrapped her lips around the head of the dick and
proceeded to suck weakly. Her eyes shot upward when Greg smacked
the side of her butt with the crop and ordered her to look at him
while she sucked.

"And one other thing to keep in mind. Make sure I don't feel even
a hint of teeth down there! Teeth might make me think you're
being uncooperative." Greg S glanced at Stefani and then grinned
at Ayla. "And suck harder! You act like you've never done this
before!" He grabbed her hair with one hand and guided her
motions, forcing her to take his cock deeper. He could hear her
gagging as the head of his cock banged against the back of her
throat. As he didn't want her throwing up on him, he backed off a
little. Although, her vomiting would give him a good excuse to
thoroughly thrash her...

Noticing that Tammy was watching wide-eyed, and positive that
he'd caught her licking her lips, Greg pushed Ayla away and
turned his dick toward the brunette. "Okay, slut, I know that you
know how to do this!"

"No! I've never..." Tammy's protest stopped mid-sentence when she
saw the look on Greg's face. "I mean, I..."

"Too late, bitch! That's count number one!" He walked over to
Stefani, first taking a pair of scissors out of his bag. With the
scissors he cut the shoulder straps of her tank top. "Raise your
arms over your head, Stefani." The young girl readily obeyed,
though she perhaps didn't realize what he was doing. Her face was
expressionless as she stared at him. She sat still while Greg
pulled her shirt off, leaving her top bare.

Greg gazed with admiration at the thirteen-year-old's tiny
breasts with their puffy, pink nipples. He watched her chest
heave up and down with each breath, and saw her cheeks blush.
"You have very pretty breasts, Stefani," he said softly so that
only Stefani could hear. He smiled at her, and she smiled back.

"Now," said Greg, turning back to Tammy, tell me again. Do you
know how to do this?" This time, Tammy nodded her head,
frantically. "I thought so. Show me!" He shoved his cock into her
mouth and pulled her head down onto it. His cock went easily down
her throat. He made her hold his cock there for a few seconds
before he started guiding her up and down on his shaft. Tears
trickled from her eyes as she stared up at him. A minute later he
let go of her head and ordered her to keep it up on her own. She
eventually settled into her own rhythm, and it became obvious
that she'd had plenty of practice at sucking cock. Her
sixteen-year-old lips weren't as innocent as they looked!

Greg wasn't ready to come yet, so after a few minutes he let
Tammy stop sucking him. Turning back to Ayla, he took her by the
wrists and hauled her to her feet. "Get over here! Up on the pool
table with you!" He lifted her onto the pool table, seating her
right on the edge. The whole time, he could hear her mumbling
under her breath, "Oh god! Oh god! Oh god!"

"Now lie down!" Greg moved her onto her back. Now her butt was
still at the edge of the pool table and her legs were hanging
over the side. Greg noticed young Stefani still watching,
wide-eyed. What was she thinking?

Greg next dragged Tammy to her feet and forced the brunette to
the side of the table. "Get your ass up there!" With the riding
crop, he dealt a stinging 'THWACK!' to her round ass, and
chuckled at her squeal of pain. Hands still tied, Tammy awkwardly
climbed up onto the pool table. Both Ayla and Tammy were
motionless, afraid of whatever humiliation was coming next.

"I bet you wonder what I have in mind now." Greg smirked at the
two sisters. "Maybe you don't know how to suck cock very well,
Ayla, but I think you have a pretty good idea about how to eat
pussy!" He laughed at the shocked expression on Tammy's face.
"Didn't your big sister ever tell you she likes girls? Tsk tsk
tsk. Secrets between family aren't good!" Greg looked at Stefani,
and saw her sitting there with her mouth hanging open in
disbelief. She was still young enough that lesbians were just
something to giggle about. Her big sister was one?

Tammy's expression was just as disbelieving as Stefani's. Then
her expression changed to one of horror when she realized what
Greg was about to make her do. Greg didn't make her wait long. He
stepped between Ayla's legs and positioned the head of his cock
at the opening of her shaved pussy. To Tammy he said, "Straddle
her face! Spread your slut pussy across her mouth!"

Ayla cried out, "No! Don't make me lick her! She's my sister! Do
whatever you have to do to me but not this... not this..."

Greg sighed. "That's two." Then he stepped back and walked over
to Stefani again. She was trembling. Kneeling in front of her he
whispered, "I have to take your panties off now, honey. Okay?"
Stefani nodded slowly. Greg took hold of the waistband and said,
"Raise up a little." When she lifted her butt Greg slipped the
panties off her hips and tugged them down and off her legs. He
was surprised when he saw her crotch. Though her pubic hair was
sparse, it had obviously been trimmed. There was only a narrow
strip of soft hair, just above her slit. He looked up at her and
asked, "Why do you trim down there?" It seemed incongruous,
considering her modest mode of dress and shy nature.

Stefani shrugged and answered, "I like the way it makes my pussy
look." She blushed a little when she said it.

"I like it too. It's pretty." He patted her on her bare thigh and
said, "Just sit here and watch, okay?"

"A-are you raping them?" Stefani whispered.

Greg hesitated before answering. "Yes." He paused and then added,
"How do you know about rape?"

The little redhead leaned forward and whispered, "I read about it
in books. Are you gonna... rape... me, too?"

A pause. "Yes."

"O-okay." Stefani settled back into her seat. Her hands rested in
her lap, wrists still bound. She appeared to be thinking.

Back on his feet, Greg returned to Ayla and Tammy. "Are you going
to do as I tell you?" Both blonde and brunette were weeping.
Tammy nodded and slowly straddled Ayla's face, lowering her pussy
to her older sister's mouth. She shuddered when she felt Ayla's
nose brush her asshole.

"Now here's the deal, blondie. You eat her pussy good and hard.
I'm gonna stick my cock inside you and fuck your lezzie brains
out. If I come before your sister comes, you're both going to
suffer. Got it?" "Mmph-hmph!"

"Good!" With that, Greg rammed himself inside the resisting cunt,
burying all ten inches inside Ayla. He heard her squeal; she'd
obviously never had anything as big as his cock in there! At the
same time, he saw Tammy's body tense up, signalling that Ayla's
tongue had gone to work.

He fucked the blonde hard. Each stroke of his cock drove deep
into her pussy. She writhed uncomfortably, but judging by her
sister's reactions her tongue was still working. Greg amused
himself by slapping her bald pubes and hearing her yelp. Looking
up, he could see her chin moving rapidly under the dark patch of
Tammy's pubic fuzz. He slapped Ayla's belly and barked, "Make her
come! Do it! Make her come!" Another slap.

Tammy, in spite of her distaste for this incestuous lesbian
contact, was obviously being affected by her sister's tongue.
Tears poured from eyes that were rolled back in their sockets.
Her face and jiggling breasts were flushed and gasps came from
her mouth. Greg knew she was close to having an orgasm, and found
himself wondering how many orgasms the sixteen-year-old had
actually had in her life. She had supposedly slept with several
guys, but he knew that high school boys were notoriously
unconcerned with their dates' orgasms. He intended to let her
come before he did, and she did so. Ayla's experienced tongue had
done its job. It probably would have happened sooner, had Tammy
been more willing.

Greg pulled his cock out of Ayla. "Did you like that, Tammy?"

"No!" she cried. She didn't sound convincing.

Chuckling, Greg said, "I'll bet you'll like a big fat cock in
your pussy better, won't you! Get yourself down here! Quickly!"
Tammy hesitated only a moment, and then climbed off the table.
Greg grabbed her and put her between himself and Ayla. He held
her by the back of the neck and shoved her face into Ayla's
crotch. She wailed in misery when Greg said, "Now, you are gonna
do your sister the same favor she just did you! Start licking,
slut! Same deal as last time. If I come before she does, the two
of you are gonna find out what else I have in that bag! Now
lick!" He held Tammy's head in place until he was satisfied she
was licking, and then he stepped behind her.

The brunette's knees nearly buckled when the rapist sank his
ten-inch tool into her. A low moan escaped her throat, unbidden.
She was still a bit worked up from her tongue-induced orgasm.
Greg raped her very roughly, peppering her pale butt cheeks with
hard slaps. Each spank left a clear, red imprint on her. He
planned to come first this time. There was little doubt that he
would; Tammy had never eaten pussy before and he didn't expect
she would be able to produce an orgasm in Ayla.

She didn't. A few minutes of fucking Tammy triggered Greg's own
orgasm. Feeling its approach, he pulled out of her cunt and
forced her by her hair to kneel. Keeping one hand twisted
painfully into her dark hair, he shoved his cock back into her
mouth. Just before he exploded he pulled out and stroked himself
with one hand as he blasted the unwilling teenager's face with
his hot spunk. Before he finished coming her stuck his cock back
into Tammy's mouth and ordered her to finish sucking his cum
down.

Tammy's face was still covered with semen when she was forced to
stand again. Greg put his softening cock back into his pants and
then pulled Ayla to a sitting position and said, "Lick that juice
off your sister! I want her face spotless!" Weeping, Ayla obeyed,
her disgust at the taste obvious.

"Now, as promised, because I came first, we're gonna have some
fun! Well, I'm gonna have fun anyway. It probably won't be fun
for you!" Greg reached back into his bag and pulled out another
short rope. "Both of you - get to opposite sides of the table!"
When the sisters didn't immediately obey, Greg reminded them, "Do
have have to take the next step with Stefani?" Ayla and Tammy
quickly went to opposite sides of the table. "Good. Now both of
you bend over and touch your arms together!" The sisters bent as
instructed, their bound wrists stretched out in front of them.
Their arms overlapped each other, and Greg used his rope to tie
their arms together. Now they were effectively restraining each
other. Neither girl would be able to change position.

Going to his bag again, Greg retrieved a short flogger. He held
it so young Stefani could see it first. Her expression didn't
change much, but her eyes got wider. Then he let the older
sisters see it. He could see the fear in their eyes. Then he
walked behind Ayla.

With no further delay, Greg went to work. He raised the whip and
proceeded to flog Ayla's round ass, hard. She screamed in pain as
the flogger cut across her ass over and over and over. When she
had taken twenty lashes the whipping stopped. Ayla's butt was
criss-crossed with red stripes. She was sobbing loudly.

The rapist walked around to the other side of the table, and
heard Tammy begin pleading with him. "Please, no! Please don't!
Don't hurt me!"

Greg grabbed Tammy by the hair and yanked her head up. "Shut the
hell up, slut! I don't want to hear anything but screams coming
out of that mouth!" He let her head drop and then went to work on
her ass. He flogged her mercilessly twenty times, just like he'd
done to Ayla. Tammy's paler skin showed brighter red welts,
however, and Greg was pleased with his handiwork. He walked back
around to Ayla. Ayla started screaming almost before the lash
struck. She thrashed and struggled while Greg dealt another
twenty cruel strokes with the whip. He whipped the backs of her
thighs as well as her ass, and more than once the ends of the
whip brushed her pussy lips. The pitch of her squeals went up
when that happened. When he was done with Ayla, it was back to
Tammy. Greg flogged her the same way. She screamed even louder
than Ayla when the whip touched her pussy.

The next thirty minutes were spent this way. Back and forth, back
and forth, Greg brutally flogged both sisters. The the pool
table's felt surface was stained with their tears. Both girls had
received hundreds of lashes. Most of the strokes had tormented
their asses, but both of them bore red stripes from their
shoulders to their ankles. But while the lashes were painful,
they were never hard enough to break the skin. Greg didn't want
them damaged. He had long-term plans for them.

The flogger was put back into the bag. The next items out of the
bag were two butt plugs and a tube of lubricant. Greg placed the
plugs on the pool table where both Ayla and Tammy could see them.
"Do you know what these are?" both sisters shook their heads.
"Good! This will be entertaining, then!" He picked up one of the
plugs and stepped behind Tammy. First he spread a thin coating of
lubricant onto the plug. Then he reached down with one hand and
spread Tammy's asscheeks. He heard her yelp in pain at the
contact with her tortured buttocks. When he pressed the tip of
the plug against her asshole she tensed; sudden realization of
what was happening made her cry out.

"No! Don't! Not my butt! Noooo!"

Greg just laughed at her panic. As expected, the sixteen-year-old
clenched her anus tightly shut. She didn't realize that would
only make it more painful when the plug finally penetrated. And
Greg fully intended for the plug to penetrate. With
determination, he began to press firmly against the resisting
hole. Tammy emitted a choked, but long groan of pain. Her legs
kicked and she struggled against the ropes that held her
helpless. Her resistance was in vain. The narrow tip of the plug
eventually forced its way past her defense. After that, it was
fairly easy to push the plug in the rest of the way. Tammy
squealed in agony as the rapidly-widening plug slid inside her.
Then her sphincter clamped shut around the narrow collar at the
base of the plug, effectively sealing it inside her. She cried
and squirmed in discomfort.

Now it was Ayla's turn. The second plug was taken up and Greg
moved behind the blonde. She resisted even more fiercely than
Tammy had, but in the end her ass was plugged as effectively as
her younger sister's had been. Now there was one final act to
perpetrate upon their bodies. He quickly untied the rope that
bound the two girls to each other.

He hauled Tammy to her feet and forced her to walk to the post
he'd driven the nail into. She walked awkwardly, due to the plug
in her ass. At the post, Greg turned her around so her back was
to the post. He raised her arms and then hooked her bound wrists
over the nail. This left her feet flat on the floor, but the nail
was high enough that Tammy would be unable to get herself down
from it. Likewise, Ayla was tied by another rope to the overhead
beam.

Out of the bag came two pairs of clamps which were attached to
the sister's erect nipples. Greg grinned at the tears rolling
down their faces. Those clamps really hurt!

"Now, ladies," Greg said, "I think you should know that I found
your resistance to the butt plugs to be very uncooperative!. I'm
afraid you've left me with no other choice." He looked to Ayla,
and then to Tammy, and then back to Ayla. "I will have to see if
your little sister Stefani will be more cooperative!" He watched
both bound sisters faces go pale, and saw that they were about to
protest. He held up his hand for silence. "I suggest," he said
with a grin, "that you remain silent. The louder you protest, the
more 'fun' I'm going to have with Stefani. Understand?" He got
frightened nods of agreement from Ayla and Tammy.

Now it was time for the part of his plan that he'd been most
anticipating: having his way with the thirteen-year-old virgin.
He walked to Stefani and sat beside her. He put an arm around her
shoulders, and he felt her nervous tension. Greg squeezed her to
him and whispered in her ear. "Just relax, and it will go easier
for you." Stefani was looking into his eyes as he continued.
"It's going to hurt you, but I won't hurt you as bad as I hurt
your sisters. I like you better than them."

"Well...," Stefani looked nervous as she continued. "I am a
naughty girl sometimes and should get a spanking. But... but I
haven't gotten spanked since... since before M-mommy died." She
had tears in her eyes and she threw her arms around Greg.
"Mommyalways knew when I'd been bad. And she always spanked me!"
The young teenager cried on Greg's shoulder. She continued,
whispering, "But Ayla never knows when I've been naughty. You
know what? It's no fun being naughty if nobody knows you did it.
It's no fun when you know you won't get in trouble."

Greg looked into Stefani's teary, brown eyes. "Do you want me to
punish you for being naughty?" She nodded back at him. Then she
leaned in and whispered in his ear.

"Then are you going to rape me?"

He looked at her, wonder on his face. "You're supposed to be
terrified right about now." She just looked back at him with that
same expression. Greg was glad the two older sister's couldn't
see Stefani's face. He could swear she looked eager! Maybe she
still didn't fully understand what was happening. "Let's get
started." He quickly untied her wrists.

Pulling the naked young girl across his lap he said, "You will
keep your hands in front of you. If you try to protect your ass,
it will only get worse for you." As he spoke he was roughly
squeezing her butt cheeks with his right hand. He stared at her
ass. He'd only seen her body from the front until now, and was
delighted to discover the perfection of her ass. Spanking that
ass was going to be a lot of fun! The girl was holding herself
motionless. That needed to change, so he moved his hand from her
butt to the backs of her thighs. He ran his fingertips up and
down, between her butt and her knees, then he slipped his hand to
the insides of her thighs.

Stefani started to squirm when the fingers came near her pussy.
When they touched her there, she jumped and gasped. "Oooohh.."
Her legs opened just a bit, and Greg's fingers pressed hard
against her sex.

"I thought so!" Greg decided to make it up as he went along.
"Your pussy is wet, girl! You've been playing with yourself
again, haven't you?" He didn't give her a chance to answer, and
she didn't try. Greg slapped her ass, very hard, and she let out
a loud yelp. As her body relaxed he smacked her again, and again,
and again. "What a naughty girl! I'm gonna blister your butt
good, girl! It's time you find out what bad girls get!"

The whole time he was yelling at her, he continued to hand spank
her. She was really squirming! Greg concentrated on the spanking
now, silent while his hand clapped against Stefani's firm cheeks.
He wondered if she was an athlete, because her muscles felt like
they were well-toned. Occasionally, he stopped spanking long
enough to rub her pussy, and found her to be very wet! "Well, you
like that, don't you? I think you like it when I spank you!"

Stefani played right along, perfectly. "No!" she wailed. "It
hurts! It hurts bad! Please stop spanking me! I'll be good!" She
was crying for real, which made her pleading sound pitiful enough
to get a reaction from her older sisters.

"You bastard!" Ayla yelled at Greg. "Leave her alone! She's just
a kid, you son- of-a-bitch! I'll kill you!" Tears were pouring
down Ayla's face. "I'll kill you!" She was straining,
unsuccessfully, against her bonds. "Bastard..." Ayla broke down
in sobs. Tammy, on the other hand, had her eyes tightly closed,
and was mumbling under her breath. It looked like she was hoping
this was all a dream and that everything would be all right when
she woke up.

Greg kept spanking little Stefani for a good fifteen minutes. He
covered her entire ass with his hard hand, from top to bottom,
and including the tops of her thighs. When her whole ass glowed
bright pink, he started spanking even harder. Stefani's legs
kicked with each SMACK, and she finally reached back to protect
her burning butt. Greg's hand came down on the palm of her hand.
He could feel her shaking with sobs.

"Didn't I tell you not to reach back? Now you're going to get it
even worse!" Greg lifted the girl off his lap and deposited her
roughly on her butt beside him. She squealed at the contact with
her butt. "Stay there!" Greg ordered her. She obeyed, staring at
him with eyes brimming with tears. "I'm going to have to tie your
wrists again." He carefully did so, then stood up.

Greg went to his bag once more, this time taking out a big wooden
paddle. He turned so that Stefani could see it. The way her eyes
widened at the sight suggested to Greg that the girl's mother had
also used a paddle to spank her. He suspected, though, that she
hadn't used one quite like this. The paddle he held was made of
solid oak. It was a half-inch thick, with numerous holes drilled
in it. It was six inches wide and eight inches long, not counting
the handle. In other words, this was going to hurt. A lot. He
could see Stefani starting to shake.

"You don't like the looks of this, do you?" Greg grinned at the
young girl as he brandished the paddle.

"No! Please, don't spank me with that! Please don't!" Her voice
was higher than it had been before.

Greg just laughed. "I'm afraid I must. You don't have any choice
in the matter. Stand up!"

Trembling with real fear now, Stefani obediently stood. Was he
really going to hit her with that paddle? Momma never spanked
with anything that big! Filled with apprehension, she let herself
be led from the love seat to the sofa. The man made her bend over
the arm of the sofa. Now her face and hands were buried in the
seat cushions and her butt was pointed straight in the air.

The youngest sister was now positioned so that her older siblings
could see everything. Greg paused to admire the view of her
perfectly-shaped, glowing-red ass. Then he laid the paddle across
that ass so that the girl could feel its weight. He leaned down
and whispered in her ear, "Consider this a reminder that you're
not supposed to be enjoying this!"

With that, Greg stood and raised the paddle. He took careful aim
and then brought it crashing down on Stefani's tender, upturned
butt. WHAM!

"AAAAIIIIIEEEEE!" Stefani's head shot up and her ear-splitting
scream filled the room. Motherfucker that hurt! Stefani could
barely think, the pain was so intense!

BLAM! WHACK! CRASH! SMACK!

Greg paddled extremely hard, and Stefani shrieked and thrashed
and kicked. Tammy's eyes were wide open now. Both Tammy and Ayla
were stunned by the ferocity of the rapist as he beat their
little sister! But it was over as quickly as it had begun. The
paddling only consisted of ten blows, though those blows were
incredibly hard. Stefani just laid there, sobbing hysterically.

She was given almost no chance to recover. Greg grabbed her by
the hair and hauled her to her feet. He roughly led her over to
where Tammy was bound, and then forced her to kneel. The petite
redhead was shocked when Greg shoved her face into Tammy's crotch
and ordered her to lick it. She didn't dare disobey, after the
beating she'd just taken. Desperately she stuck her tongue into
her sister's pussy and licked, hoping that she was doing it
right.

Greg wasn't concerned with whether she was doing it right, of
course. At this point he was more concerned with totally
dominating the thirteen-year-old and gettin immediate obedience
from her. He made her lick Tammy for only a minute, and then
hauled her over to Ayla and made her do the same there.

Finally, he picked Stefani up and deposited her on her back in
the center of the pool table. He grinned at the look of pain on
her face when her battered butt hit the hard surface. While she
laid there weeping, Greg got undressed. His erection stood out
proudly, eager to at last deflower the virgin redhead.

Climbing onto the table, Greg straddled the young teenager. He
laid his cock between her small breasts and began rubbing it back
and forth. She stared back up at him, still crying. "Open your
mouth." When she didn't obey quickly enough, he grabbed her left
nipple. Pinching it and then twisting it hard enough to make her
squeal, he yelled the instruction again. "Open your damn mouth!"

The frightened girl obeyed, and was rewarded by getting her mouth
stuffed with hard cock. She gagged when the head bumped against
the back of her throat. Stefani had to fight her gag reflex down,
fearing it would only make Greg angrier if she threw up. She let
him fuck her face, even sucking on the big rod like she'd seen
her sisters do earlier. Maybe he'd be nice to her again if she
did that. Greg pushed his cock in and out of the girl's mouth for
several minutes. He could tell her jaw was aching by the time he
finally pulled out. It was time.

He moved back and pushed Stefani's legs apart. Cock in hand, he
stared down at the sight before him. Young pussy. Unexplored
territory. Where no man has gone before. A virgin. his pulse
quickened and his breaths came shorter. Greg was always affected
this way on those rare occasions when he got to take a girl's
virginity. Especially if she was crying. He hadn't originally
intended to spank her as severely as he did, but she had seemed
entirely too willing. Now... now she was ready and un-willing.
Perfect. He reached down and untied her wrists.

Leaning over her, Greg positioned the head of his cock at the
outside of Stefani's opening. "You're mine now, girl!" She just
stared back at him. He entered her slowly, pausing when he felt
the natural barrier inside her. Then Stefani's eyes came wide
open and she squealed as, with a quick thrust, Greg's cock broke
her hymen. An instant later the ten-inch cock was buried to the
hilt in the thirteen-year-old's pussy.

He began to stroke in and out, taking it easy on her at first.
Her back was arched and she was breathing hard. Greg's big cock
was a tight fit in her unused pussy. A soft moan escaped from her
lips. It felt good and was uncomfortable at the same time. It was
a completely new sensation, this feeling of something big moving
inside of her! And each slow stroke sent tingles up and down her
spine.

Greg savored the exquisite sensation of the amazingly tight cunt
wrapped around his cock. That oh-so-rare feeling of resistance
that only came from a virgin pussy. Greg always deflowered
virgins in the missionary position. He liked to watch their faces
as their tender young bodies reacted to the brand new feelings
they were having. Stefani was no different. He could see a
combination of things in her face. Terror, because she knew deep
down that rape was a horrible thing to experience. Wonder at the
new, unfamiliar feelings. Confusion, as she was torn between
revulsion at the reality and desire for the fantasy in her books.
Pain, because her well-beaten ass was rubbing on the pool table
felt. Pleasure as she was touched in places she'd never been
touched before.

As the conflicting emotions fought for Stefani's attention, Greg
gradually increased the speed of his thrusts. In response,
Stefani began to move with him. Her legs opened wider of their
own volition. She closed her eyes to better experience the
sensations she was having down there. How could anything hurt so
much and feel so good at the same time? Hardly realizing what she
was doing, she wrapped her legs around Greg's hips and pulled him
into her, deeper and deeper. Unconsciously, her hands moved to
her small breasts, and she started squeezing them and pinching
her own nipples. Her eyes rolled back in her head. Then she came.

It was amazingly powerful for a first orgasm! Her whole body
convulsed, and she let out a cry that started as a low growl in
the back of her throat and burst forth as a high-pitched squeal
of joy. She was completely oblivious to everything around her.
The only thing she was aware of was the cock in her pussy.

That cock continued to pound in and out of her. Greg was amazed
at Stefani's reaction - he had never before caused an orgasm in a
virgin he was raping! And now this one had come so quickly that
she was probably going to have another! He glanced at the two
tied-up older sisters and saw that they too were astonished. What
else could he do? He fucked her even harder.

"Oooooooohhh! Aaaaaa! Oh-oh-oh-oh!" Stefani couldn't believe how
good she felt right now. He little-girlish voice was filling the
basement with sounds of pleasure. "Oh! Yes! Yes! Mmmmmmmmmm..."
She didn't want anything more right now than for that great big
cock to go deeper and deeper inside her. Her second orgasm was
even more intense than her first.

Greg was ready to pop. Stefani was just too stimulating! He
pulled his cock out of her and got to his knees, still between
her legs. He didn't make her suck him, because her virgin blood
was still on his shaft. Instead, he stroked his cock until he
came, and he deposited his load on her quivering belly.
Recovering from his own orgasm, Greg laid down beside Stefani. He
placed a hand on her breast and looked at her face. She smiled at
him, and then surprised him by lifting her head up and kissing
him on the mouth! When her tongue shot into his mouth, he knew he
had her heart, mind and body. This was going to be easier than he
had thought.

Eventually Greg had to get up and get dressed. He couldn't lie
there beside Stefani forever! Once dressed, he untied Tammy.
After taking the clamps off her nipples and the plug from her ass
he led her upstairs to her own bedroom, where he tied her to the
bed. "Get some sleep," he instructed. He then did the same with
Ayla, adding, "We're taking a trip tomorrow."

"A trip? But..." Ayla started.

"Yes, a trip. It's summer and your sisters aren't in school, and
you have the next two weeks off. And I know the three of you were
already leaving for a family vacation tomorrow. Nobody will
suspect a thing when you drive away in the morning and don't come
back for a few days."

"How did you know?" Ayla looked confused.

"You don't think this evening was a spur-of-the-moment thing for
me, do you?" Greg replied. "I've been planning this for more than
a year! I learned everything I needed to know. Now, get some
sleep. You'll need your rest for tomorrow." He left Ayla in her
darkened room.

Back in the basement, he found Stefani all too willing to help
him wash the butt plugs and put his "toys" away. Finished with
that, the two of them went to Stefani's room. Greg tucked the
girl into bed, but didn't tie her. "Go to sleep. We have a long
day tomorrow."

"What's tomorrow" Stefani asked.

"You'll see. Now sleep." Greg sat down on the big beanbag chair
in the corner of the darkened room. He closed his eyes and
relaxed, listening to Stefani's breathing. It was sometime later
that she finally fell asleep, and he soon followed. He had good
dreams.

