The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
non-commercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com     

Please! Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, This is a Texas tall tale, meaning over the top humor. I hope you like it.  E.Z.


SUELLEN'S WEDDING

When Jefferson Tolliver Winterbottom left the farm he was only twelve.  Like so many
farm kids, he headed for the big city to make his fortune. In this case, the city was
Houston. 

Houston was bustling.  While J.T. looked like a frog, he was strong as a mule, smart as a
fox, and worked hard as an ox.  He also was hung like a horse, a champion stallion, to
be exact.  While J.T. appeared on the surface to be among the ugliest of men, he had a
magnetic personality which brought him many male friends and unprecedented success
with women.

Perhaps I should describe him.  About five five, he weighted two hundred pounds, 
looked like a frog with bug eyes and big lips, had huge ham-like hands and a high
pitched voice I swear could shatter glass. His frog eyes looked evil, and, their placement
on either side of a bulbous nose below a bald head and low forehead, did nothing to
enhance his looks.

By the time, he was eighteen, J.T. had amassed a small fortune. One day, he decided to
invest that fortune in an oil well being drilled by Donovan Oil and Gas Company, owned
by the Donovan family.  Unbeknownst to J.T., the deal was already a dry hole.  In
essence, the Donovan family cheated him out of the product of four long and difficult
years.  

J.T. may not have been the man who originated the saying, "Don't get mad, get even."
Whether he started it, he certainly believed it.

William Robert Donovan, Jr., was twenty-two, recently graduated from Rice University
with an engineering degree, and newly joined the family oil company.  He was a self-
righteous, pompous young man, filled with himself and his overvalued apprisal of his
own worth and abilities. William, as his family called him, was an All-American
quarterback as well as being a Rhodes scholar. Looking like a Nordic god, he was tall
and muscular, with a huge shock of blonde hair and blue eyes. 

He hated it but most people called him Billy Bob.

Needless to say, these good looks, coupled with his daddy's money, made him
irresistible to the ladies. To avoid some tramp getting her hooks into the family heir, Big
Bill (William's father), had arranged a marriage for William with Suellen Marcus, whose
family was every bit as rich and more socially prominent.

While Billy Bob was an ass, Suellen was a goddess.  

She was so pretty the year she entered the Miss Texas contest, they just canceled the
contest and gave her the crown, on the condition she never enter again. The Miss
America contest that year was really a contest for runner-up because the judges all
declared for Suellen when the event opened.  

Besides being unbelievably beautiful, Suellen was sweet and kind, a true and classy lady
in the greatest sense of the word. 

Suellen was only nineteen and a virgin when the morning of her wedding to William
Robert Donovan, Junior, dawned bright and clear. The Fourth Baptist Church was filled
to the brim with every important person in town at seven on that lovely Saturday evening.
Suellen's bridesmaids slowly marched down the aisle to the sound of the music from the
Church's grand organ.  The groomsman were all polished and ramrod straight. The
groom-to-be shifted nervously from foot to foot as all grooms do when they stand at the
alter.   

When the organist began The Wedding March, the congregation arose and turned to the
back as the big doors to the center aisle swung open. 

What they saw was Suellen Marcus on her back, her legs wide and straight up in the air,
as J.T. Winterbottom fucked her to oblivion. 

First, let me point out, when I said J.T. had unprecedented success with the ladies, I
understated a bit.  J.T. had never met a woman he could not fuck within five minutes of
first laying eyes on them. "Laying eyes on" is the proper expression. He would focus
those frog eyes on a woman and she would began to quiver as her eyes glazed over and
her legs spread.  When J.T. could smell her pussy juices running down her legs, he'd 
grin and reel her in. 

It'd never failed.  

The rumor was J.T. started very early in life seducing his second grade teacher when he
was only eight. That poor woman apparently fell under his spell at recess, somewhere
between the merry-go-round and the slide.  Story is she started following him around just
so she would be available whenever he wanted to fuck.  It did take a load off J.T.'s
mother when the teacher moved in with them and helped with the cooking and cleaning.

By the time he was eleven, J.T. had made his mother his personal sex slave, which
bothered his father no little amount.  But, they were poor farm folk, so sharing of the
women was common. When J.T. was twelve and captured his little sister, his father was
irate because Sis had been dear old dad's private stock.  That led to J.T. leaving home,
although his teacher, who shared his room, was pregnant at the time.

Suellen was just another in a long series of conquests.  But it was the first in so public
an arena.

"PLEASE... PLEASE, J.T., FUCK ME WITH THAT BIG COCK OF YOURS... I NEED IT
SO.."

"Want to have my baby, Suellen?" he asked, his high voice reverberating off the walls of
the sanctuary.

"YES. PLEASE... MAKE ME PREGNANT... FILL ME WITH YOUR SEED YOU BIG
COCKED STUD..."

Grunting like a wild pig and pounding like a steam-driven jackhammer, J.T. filled Suellen
up with his hot cum as she screeched "GOD HELP ME I'MMM CUMMMMMINGGGGG".

Attendees collapsed in the pews when Suellen came, as if they too had cum, just from
watching this carnal vision. In fact, some of them had. The groom, rather than destroyed
by the open ravaging of his virgin bride on his wedding day, had pulled out his cock, a
fact noticed by the maid-of-honor, Mary Jane Jamison, who was now sucking Billy Bob
was abandon. 

"J.T.," Suellen groaned.  "I'm too hot. Get this dress off me!"

J.T. quickly shredded the twenty thousand dollar, hand made, Vera Wang wedding dress, leaving
Suellen in all the naked splendor that had won America's hearts. She wrapped those
lovely legs around his waist and her beautiful arms around his neck. 

"Play the goddamned music," J.T. shrieked. 

The Wedding March began again, as J.T. solemnly marched down the aisle with Suellen
impaled on his cock and hanging on like a leech.

"Dum, dum, da, dum.
  Dum, dum, da, dum."

"Yes. Oh, yes, J.T." Suellen was moaning as she experienced a series of multiple
orgasms perfectly timed to the hard down beat at the last "dum".  Her back was arching
and relaxing, his perfect D breasts moving in unison, as J.T. fucked her up the aisle, so
to speak, and the congregation stared at Suellen's impaled pussy and her juices dripping
like rain water on the red carpet.

When J.T. sat Suellen's ass down on the alter, she fell back with a thump. Her head
turned towards the attendees with a smile that could only be described as holy.   J.T. laid
his bald head on her perfect breast and began gnawing a nipple as Suellen rubbed his
pate gently.

There was a hurried business conference as Big Bill and Walter Marcus, Suellen's
father, met with Billy Bob. The men had already started making big plans for the
combined fortune. But, some might say Suellen was damaged goods now, so the
negotiations were serious.

When J.T. pulled his monster out of Suellen, it sounded like a stump being pulled out of
a mud hole, and, caused forty-seven women, two of which were over ninety, to faint.
Within ten minutes over a million dollars had been bet in the congregation on the sex and
date of birth of Suellen's first baby. Someone offered a hundred to one on the paternity
but no one would cover the bet.

With the whole congregation looking at her award winning body, Suellen sat up on the
alter, swinging her legs like an eight year old, giggling and talking to the bridesmaids, all
of whom were watching J.T. out of the corner of their eyes.

The men had reached a decision, and, the Marcus family was going to have to forfeit
eight million dollars. But, Suellen was not only beautiful and sweet, she had inherited her
daddy's horse trading ability.

"Now, look Billy Bob," she said.  "I know I'm not a virgin any more but I'm still the best
piece of pussy in the whole damned country. Remember that blow job you got two nights
ago? Well, my pussy's a whole lot better than that! And my ass is just quivering it wants
your cock so badly!"

Billy Bob started to twitch at that recollection and his cock, which had been unloaded
twice in Mary Jane's willing mouth, came to attention. Of course, male groans came from
the audience as they contemplated what it might be like having their own peckers buried
in Suellen's heat.

"I want to marry you, Billy Bob," Suellen continued, "Except for J.T., I'll be faithful. And
we'll have plenty of children to raise: his and yours. So, let's cut out the bullshit and get
on with it!"

"But, the money..." Big Bill complained.

"Big Bill,  shut up! We will sell the wedding pictures to Penthouse and make up any
economic loss."

After Suellen's wedding picture sale argument, the men reached an agreement, allowing
both the wedding and the merger of Donovan Oil and Gas with Marcus Holdings to
proceed. 

J.T. was now trying to sneak out of the sanctuary which was difficult since the
bridesmaids had tackled him and were trying to get his jeans off. 

People never have given J.T. enough credit for trying to do the right thing. While the
negotiations were in progress, he kept his back to the audience, and, he put on his heavy
sunglasses which he often wore so women couldn't see his eyes. He wasn't trying to
cause a panic as he easily could have done. 

But some folks can not leave well enough alone. 

Mrs. Annamae Marcus, Suellen's mother, who had only one daughter to marry off in the
pompous and sophisticated fashion she herself had been wed to Suellen's father many
years ago, cared one whole hell of a lot that this ceremony was not going as planned. 
She rose to her full height of five feet and glared at J.T. just as he was released by the
bridesmaids, all of whom he had promised to fuck after the reception.

"Young man," she said pompously, "What have you to say for yourself."

J.T. smiled but did not answer. 

"Take off those sunglasses when I am talking to you, boy!" Annamae shrieked.   

J.T. did as he was told.

Slowly, evenly, J.T.'s frog eyes moved across the congregation. Women began
whimpering. You could hear the sounds of zippers going down and the whispered battles
between husbands and wives over the wives desire to spread 'em for J.T.  

Then, J.T. focused on Annamae, whose knees failed her as she dropped to kneel.  He
patted the alter.

"Annamae, get naked and on your back right here so I can fuck you."

It was Suellen herself who stopped the whole damn incident.

"J.T., mama's a slut and you can fuck her anytime. This is my wedding and I want to get
on with it!"

"I'm sorry, Suellen. Please.  Forgive me," J.T. said humbly. He put on his glasses and
quickly exited.  

"Alright, Billy Bob. You want me still?"

"Yes, Suellen. But, don't call me Billy Bob."

"Billy Bob it is," she snapped. 

"Yes, hurry up with this wedding,"  Annamae said, thinking she would fuck J.T. after the
ceremony and being unwilling to wait much longer. 

Suellen stood, the bridesmaids tried to get their dresses in order, and the proceedings
resumed.

Suellen was naked as the day she was born, with the inside of her thighs covered in
white as if Huck Finn himself has whitewashed them.  Just before she said "I do", Suellen
raised one leg and shimmed, releasing a glob of J.T's cum which landed on the brick
floor with a plop that sounded like a cow patty hitting a hot rock.

Billy Bob was all grins in spite of Suellen's indiscretion. He never did stick his cock back
in his pants and it stood at attention the whole ceremony, a fact not lost of any of the
females present. It should be noted that while Billy Bob was not in J.T.'s class as a
cocksman, his nine and one half inches still could be appreciated by the ladies.  

A disinterested observer might have noted that the entire wedding party and most of the
congregation was in one state of sexual arousal or another throughout the ceremony. The
preacher had to turn the PA system to high to overcome groans and other random noises
from the attendees and the whimpers from the bridesmaids. 

When the preacher said "You may now kiss the bride", Suellen said, "I want to be fucked,
not kissed," grabbed Billy Bob around the neck, threw her legs around him and impaled
herself on his cock, screaming like a banshee as Billy Bob slid into home on a sea of
J.T.'s making. 

The groomsmen lost it and assaulted the bridesmaids, or, visa versa. Witnesses were
not sure who was assaulting whom. 

The preacher, minding his own business as he stood behind the alter petrified by the
sights around him, never had a chance.   Mary Jane Jamison, Mary Elizabeth
Easterwood and Mary Sue Sherman charged the groomsmen like the Denver Broncos
on a Super Bowl blitz, taking out the preacher, knocking him asshole over teacup into the
baptismal well.  The church organist, fearing for the preacher's life, dove in after him,
where they could be heard reverently calling the lord's name together.

Nine months to the day from that date, Suellen gave birth to three adorable little girls, all
spitting images of their mother, which she named, Billy Ann, Billy Beth, and Billy Jean,
although no one ever believed Billy Bob was the father.  Many other children were born
about the same time but space requirements prevents me listing all that here. Suffice to
say, the child birth section of the Houston newspaper was four pages longer than usual.

The pictures were sold to Penthouse for four million dollars with an extra two million for
the video that went on the Internet. Penthouse had the largest single issue sales record
of any magazine in the history of publishing. And, the Donovan-Marcus Corporation grew
in leaps and bounds.

J.T. may have really loved Suellen. He did his best to make her life happy, even lying low
to avoid further scandal, although from that time own, he spent at least one weekend a
month with her without further issue resulting.

This is not the end of J.T. or of Suellen and Billy Bob.  

But you knew that, didn't you.


Please!  Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
