Michael reached up to hug Brian's head to his chest. "That's not what's happening. Yes, Ben and me... we'll change too, but I don't even know what his own motives are for this. I doubt very much it's some stupid thesis to keep his job." He let his fingers sift through the brown locks. "He wants something from you. I realize that now. We've answered some questions, but... I still feel like he's got a powerful draw to you. And it goes beyond me."

Brian went still. "Think he's gonna stalk me?"

"Like Justin did?"

"Michael." Brian tweaked a nipple.

"Oh... do that again, but with your tongue..." Michael lay down, arms stretched out.

"Are you telling me... he's got some serious hang up about me?"

"What the hell happened to you two in Miami?"

"I really don't remember. We both were kind of toasted... him more than me. I guess that's why he let me do so much to him, but..."

"But... what?"

"I just don't get why he can still be beating himself over what happened two years ago, when he has you in his life."

"Maybe it's that I have you in my life and he's envious of that. Plus... you are one seriously talented lover..." Michael sucked in a breath as he felt Brian's gentle thrusting motion begin. "... I don't think he's done with us, at all."

"This... is freaky..." Brian slid in and back out of Michael. "Someone... is infatuated with us... as a 'couple'."

"Yeah... that is kind of kinky." Michael arched his back. "God... how can this be?"

"What?"

"I can't lose my hard-on."

"Welcome to my fabulous life."

"How do you do it? Does it ever go away?"

"I just keep fucking."

"Even when the guy's asleep?"

"No. I told you I have morals."

"Yeah. Right. Morals." Michael looked at Brian with half-closed eyes. "Betcha you've woken them up by fucking them."

"They were all pretending to sleep."

"Yeah... I'm sure." Michael latched one arm about Brian's neck. "How many more do we have left?"

"Uh... I think I'm laying on about six more. Three of them are sticking to my left thigh."

Michael giggled, burying his face in Brian's neck. "We'll use those first."

They began matching to each others' rhythm and reached their next batch of shared climaxes and orgasms.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Lukas was halfway lost in "sleepy time" when his cell phone vibrated on the nightstand, shuffling about in annoying little circles. He'd just gotten off to snoozing, when the noise echoed through his head. "What... The Fuck?" He picked up the offending object, glowering at the LCD screen. "Jamie?" He muttered under his throat. He slid open the phone. "Hey... how goes Pittsburgh's Horniest Home Videos?"

Ben snickered as he rubbed at his forehead, pacing the outside hallway of Brian's loft. "You were right." He ran his fingers through his hair.

"Huh?" Lukas must be in a sleep haze. He thought he heard Ben tell him he was right about something.

"I am more than 'fucked'." Ben stopped to turn and lean back on the brick wall.

"Jamie... no, man... look..."

"I'm screwed to the wall, Luke."

Lukas drew up his knees, wrapping an arm about the kneecaps. "You had to find out. The curiosity would have killed you or your relationship with Michael. You would have always been wondering, getting angrier for no reason."

"Tell me something... what was it about Danny that changed your mind?"

"Excuse me?" Lukas was stunned. Ben almost never wanted to ask anything about Daniel. Like even though he was dead, Ben had some idea the man had some kind of power over Lukas' mind and his emotions.

"Luke... you and I were the same, sexually, in college. What was different... and so fuckin' amazing... about Danny that made you consider marriage as an option for you two?" Ben was becoming perturbed by the men in his life finding other men to be so god-damn irresistible. Like they would change their 'stripes' for love that easily.

"Uh... well, first... the guy was fuckin' sexy..."

"Luke..."

"Okay... okay... I'll cut the bullshit. Jesus..." Lukas slid up to lean on the headboard of the guest bedroom's bed in Ben's apartment. "... he, uh... took an interest in me, not just my body. Sex didn't matter to him, because he was ill when I met him. You know there was nothing drop-dead gorgeous about me when I was in my marine biologist uniform. Why do you think I made surfing not only my hobby, but my Go To Career on the side?"

" 'Cause it allowed you to pick up incredible men like Danny?"

"Yeah... you're right, but... he was so much more than that. He actually pursued me. He asked me out on a date the first time we met. He watched me surf all day. Then caught me on the boat I worked off of on the coast. I took his offer, 'cause you know... I thought if he's a crap date I can at least get some raunchy hot sex out of him. But... that night he told me he was sick. I was about ready to leave him there at the table, like an ass. So he told me... he was attracted to me, but he would understand if I rejected him. I thought he was done with me, but he kept coming back to watch me surf. One date... turned into three more. Danny's confidence in himself overwhelmed me a bit. I've never met someone so close to death feel so happy to be alive. He made it seem like I'd be missing out on something great if I didn't at least take a one time offer of sex. That's when he told me why he was really there, in Hawaii... basically to die..."

"Jesus..." Ben crossed his arms over his chest, closing his eyes in agony. "... Luke, I'm sor-..."

"Shut the fuck up, Jamie. You asked me, I'm talking." Lukas reached over to tap out a cigarette. He threw the carton on his lap, picking up his lighter. "I can't tell you what drew me to Danny specifically, but by the end of one week... I only knew if he couldn't spend the rest of his life with me, then I'd spend the rest of his with him." He took a few puffs before he blew them out of the side of his mouth. "I never regretted one second of what my life became or one single decision I made. He managed to survive three more years after our first date. I took care of him those last six months until he passed away." He scratched the side of his nose. "Is that what you wanted to hear, Jamie?"

"Luke... fuck... I shouldn't have bothered you. I woke you up."

"I'd been having a hard time falling asleep. I was barely under anyway. So... what's the deal, huh? Something tells me you got spooked. I'd chalk it up to you figuring you're losing Michael, but I got this inkling... that boy won't let you go, unless you cut your losses. He's given up a lot to be with you, Jamie. There's no way he'd simply walk out on you."

"You speak from experience?"

"You bet your ass I do. One thing Danny taught me was... there's different degrees of loyalty and strength. Anyone who can put up with what either I or Michael can to be with guys like you and Danny... shit, man... you have no idea."

"Well... it's not really Michael that I'm thinking about now. It's Brian. I may have... well, I might have made a mistake."

"About what?"

"I was so proud I could prove my thesis. Instead... I find out... Brian Kinney is just like any regular guy on the street."

"You mean... he's not the man of steel?"

Ben snickered, rubbing his hand over his nape. "Is anyone?"

"You sure try hard to be, some days. How can you still be so full of yourself? Isn't being ill supposed to take you down a notch or two?" Lukas heard Ben intake a sharp breath. "Please... you know how you can get. You may look all pretty and beautifully built... but you're still a huge jackass to the core. And you just flaunted the greatest weakness in front of Brian. What did you expect him to do? Bow at your feet for forgiveness?"

"Well... it's making a great thesis paper... a probably best-selling novel... and I'll get my degree back and keep my job."

"Well... hooray for you."

"Exactly. So why do I feel so bad and guilty?"

Lukas shook his head, taking another hit of nicotine. "What do you want to do?"

"Have a time machine on you?"

"How far back you wanna go?"

"Christ... there's really only one thing for me to do..."

"Which means?"

"I wish I knew, Luke."

Lukas rubbed an index and middle finger over his eyebrows. "They still... uh... gettin' it on in the bedroom?" Ben must be somewhere far away from the bedroom. He couldn't hear a damn thing but Ben's breathing.

"Yeah. I turned the camera off. I've done enough filming."

"Why does it sound like you might not be done with them, yet?"

" 'Cause I'm not. I hadn't even gotten through the entire interview process with them. I've got another set of questions to ask."

"What?!" Lukas almost barked into the phone. "Are you trying to get your ass kicked? Kinney fell for your charms once. What makes you think...?"

"I have the one thing he wants most."

"Jamie... you wouldn't..." Lukas couldn't even fathom what was motivating Ben to act this way.

"One more session with them. I can end this so we all can be happy... satisfied, getting what we want."

"This... is insane, you do know that?"

"My thesis was disproven. Your father taught me to keep charging ahead to prove yourself right. I need to find my way back."

"Jamie, fuck... just change your stupid thesis. I'll help you write up a new one. I know what Dad usually looks for."

"Can you help me anyway? Because I'm not moving away from this topic."

"What?"

"I'm asking you for your help, Luke."

"I know... and that's why I'm shocked."

"Thanks."

"I haven't agreed to a thing. And... what exactly would I be agreeing to?"

"I'll figure that out when I get to it. If you can trust me in the meantime. Or give me thoughtful/helpful suggestions."

"I don't know. Do I have to fuck anybody?"

Ben chuckled, wiping at his eyes as he took off his glasses. "No."

"Well, then... is anybody fucking me?"

"Yeah... as if you'd let anything like that happen."

"I don't know, Jamie. You didn't see the way Kinney was sparkling his eyes at me the other night. I could certainly drop trough for those bedroom eyes if I knew they wanted me."

Ben closed his eyes in misery. "Please... let that be your awful taste in jokes."

Lukas could hear the frustration behind Ben's voice. He discovered what might really be bothering Ben. "You hate the fact that he made you weak, Jamie. And what you hate even more is that you think you have to compete with him over Michael. You hate to lose... but more than that you don't want to look like a pussy. Especially in front of your man. It's natural."

"I may have opened Pandora's Box."

"Then you fuckin' fix it. Gather the mess together and you close the lid on that shitty box."

"Do you know of a better way than this?"

"I might, but it's gonna take some time, gradually. When are you coming back?"

"Actually, I wanted to know if you'd come pick us up... between 1:15-1:30am."

Lukas looked at his watch. It was midnight. "Wow... you're being awful generous. Look, uh..." He rubbed at his thighs. "... I'll be there. Are you bringing Michael back too?"

"Yes."

"Is he coming here or back to his place?"

"I'm thinking he won't really want to be near me for awhile. We'll drop him off at his apartment."

"Brian is simply gonna let him leave?"

"I don't really know. That's why I want you here. I think we'll be okay, but you never know."

"Jesus... hey, things will be all right. I got this feeling. It feels like you've screwed up everything. I'm sure Brian and Michael are pretty levelheaded men. Sure you've lit a fire under them... individually and as a couple. That shit was potent even without the addition of sex, but it's possible to contain it. I'm sure you can still do that."

"Is it wrong of me to want some of it?"

"Huh?" Lukas' brow furrowed in perplexity.

"What they have... is it possible to even capture an ounce of what they feel between one another?"

"Jamie... you can not be serious?"

"You said it earlier. I have the perfect in for a threesome."

"That? That was me in my sad attempt at a joke. I thought it was certainly screwy what you were doing already, but now you're talking emotional suicide. Kinney would never let you in."

Ben closed his eyes, heaving a big sigh. "Who says I want to fuck Michael?"

"Uh... okay..." Lukas rubbed at his bare chest, his heart aching a bit. Oh, Lord... what in the world was wrong with Ben? "That is certainly a new one on me. You have gone completely mental."

"Don't worry. It's not revenge sex."

"Oh... of course not. I'd believe it if I didn't think it was a load of crap."

"I won't hurt him. I just..."

"Once... you want to have power of Brian Kinney. Man... I didn't think you'd ever have a weird kink, but this one takes the cake."

"I'll be safe, like I always am with Michael."

"And won't Michael be so tickled to hear that."

"I don't have any emotional feelings for Brian. It's purely sexually based."

"I doubt Kinney would even let it happen."

"I'm not sure, either, but it can't hurt to try."

"I suppose." Lukas put out his cigarette. "Is there any way I can convince you this is a bad idea? Or are you using the same excuse that it's part of your thesis? 'Cause that... I know... is a load of crap and bullshit."

Ben cleared his throat. "I'll see you in an hour or so, Luke."

"Jamie... don't..."

Ben hung up on Lukas.

Lukas stared at his cell phone, shaking his head in bewilderment. Where... oh, where had his best friend gone? What was chasing him to be this way with his own boyfriend? It didn't seem like a normal jealousy route to him. Lukas wished he could recall those textbooks of his Dad's that he would read, for fun, when he was growing up. Ben was showing clear signs of something being not quite right in his head. He stood up to venture out of his room, intending to snoop in Ben's bedroom. He was good at that. Only because living with Danny had taught him that even HIV Poz sufferers could be the hugest assholes, if the right circumstances came about.

High-n-mighty in their tiny tragedies, beating on their chests like they were something special and above all others. Quite a few times, Lukas found he had to take Danny down a peg or two simply to have a normal conversation with him.

Lukas went directly into the bathroom, he was going to go through every single medication box in the cabinets and on the shelves. He was determined to be assured Ben was on the up and up. He had missed the signs, because it had been almost a year since he'd seen HIV meds laying around. Most everything looked vaguely familiar, but it was the syringes stuffed in behind some boxes in the medicine cabinet and the empty spent ones just wrapped up in Kleenex and dumped in the trash can.

Lukas didn't know of any new medications for HIV patients that required them to use syringes. So he picked up the trash bin, willing to dig even deeper. That's when he came across the tiny vials of steroids. And he didn't have to put two and two together to come up with four. It was staring him, loud and clear, in the fucking face.

Just how long had Ben been attempting to do this? And without suffering some substantial consequences?

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Brian was seated on the bed, facing the bathroom. He could feel Ben standing somewhere behind him, walking through the loft. He was packing up his things. Mainly the camera and the plugs, battery packs and cords. Brian heard the shower turn off and he stood. He slid the bathroom door open. He caught sight of Michael stepping out of the shower stall completely naked.

"Can I help you?"

Michael smiled sadly, grabbing a fluffy towel to dry himself and his hair. "I'm fine, Brian."

"Is it weird that I miss you already?" Brian slowly approached Michael, snatching the towel. He wrapped it around Michael's body, tugging him close to his chest. He bent his head to press their lips together. "Don't go."

"Brian... it's not fair..."

"Fair my ass. You want to talk about fairness..."

“Don't waste time being angry.” Michael reached up to cover Brian's mouth. "Kiss me or do whatever you need to do to be happy about letting me go back to my apartment."

Brian did so, kissing Michael very thoroughly, almost taking his last breath. He bent him over his arm. "Let me take you home. I can stay the night... just in your bed..."

"The temptation is still there, Brian. We promised Ben just one night."

"How about we pretend to have amnesia? Keep re-introducing ourselves every day? In a weird way, it will be 'one night' over and over and over again."

Michael chuckled, shaking his head. "Hand me the clothes, Brian."

"Okay... but I'll pout while I'm doing it."

"I expect nothing less." Michael watched as Brian took his hand, tight, dragging him over close to the toilet.

Brian sat down, held out the underwear. As Michael put them on, he helped raise them the rest of the way over Michael's nakedness. He stuffed the flaccid cock inside the tight cotton. "Did we run out of condoms? I swear we did it more than ten times."

"Nah... we came more than ten times." Michael used Brian's shoulders to balance himself.

Brian handed over the jeans, after rolling the pant leg cuffs. "Keep the clothes, by the way. You know I can always get more."

"You just like knowing I have your clothes on my body."

"Yes... I do. It's an obsession of mine to always dress you." Brian stood up, placing Michael's head through the front hole of the t-shirt. "When will I see you again?"

Michael furrowed his brow in confusion. "Breakfast. Diner. When we always see each other." He saw the light in Brian's eyes dim a little as the time worn down. "Oh... you mean... you feel the same way I do. This... wasn't the end of us, huh?"

"Michael..." Brian sidled close, chest to chest. "I still want you." He kissed him, lips moist on dry skin. "I don't know if I can go back to the way things were."

"Between us?"

"No... having other men." Brian lifted Michael off the floor, Michael wrapped his legs about Brian's waist. Brian carried Michael over to sit on the sink counter.

There was a soft knock on the bathroom door.

"I'm a little busy, Benji." Brian bellowed through the wood paneling.

"Sorry... then can you send Michael out. Lukas is here. We'll pack the truck and we'll leave after that."

"I'll be out soon, Ben." Michael called out into the air.

"Fine. We'll warm up the truck for you." Ben could be heard walking away.

Brian leaned over to open the bathroom door. "Shit." He could hear the two male voices in the living room. "I feel like..."

"I know." Michael embraced Brian tight in his arms. "I love you." He let his hands brush through Brian's hair. "Now... I want and need you. Like I always knew I would."

"We did it, Michael. We survived the one night. Now all we have to do is see where this takes us. You already know... I'm here... always. Call me, come over... whatever, if things should change. But when and if you do want to do this whole scenario again... it has to be without Bruckner in your life."

"Finally giving me an ultimatum?"

"No, Michael. I'm telling you what I want from you."

"I know. Give me a few days. I'm not sure what will be happening." Michael bit his top lip, feeling tears enter his eyes. "Is my best friend still there?"

"Where?" Brian smirked.

Michael reached out to rub the area over Brian's heart. "If I need him, can I call him?"

"Oh, jesus... you fuckin' break my heart." Brian hugged Michael to his chest, sliding him off the sink. "C'mon... I'll walk you to the door." He took Michael's hand in his, being tender and gentlemanly, keeping Michael at his back as they walked through the bedroom. Bypassing the tangled sheets they'd had sex on. And into the darkened living room that was beyond silent.

Had all this really happened tonight... and the world didn't end?

Michael put on his jacket, turning around to zip up and say "goodbye". "Okay... well..."

Brian smiled down at Michael. "Not this door... the door downstairs..."

"Oh..." Michael didn't know why he was happy to have a few more seconds with Brian.

"Yeah..." Brian picked up his jacket, laying on the back of his computer chair. He closed the steel door, locking up as if he was leaving. He pocketed the keys and moved toward the elevator. It was slower than usual, as if realizing how little time Brian and Michael had left to share. He curled his arm about Michael's shoulders, tucking him to his body. "Shit!" He buried his face in the dark hair.

"It's okay. I'm all right." Michael soothed Brian's back. "You'll be fine. If you find you need your best friend sometime, I'm always home or a phone call away."

"That's not it." The elevator arrived. Brian walked over to lift the gates and jumped on. Michael followed him. Brian closed the gates, pressing the button for first floor. He turned to push Michael up against the wall of the elevator. They kissed roughly, tongues playing at one another. "Let's run away."

"Where?"

"I don't care."

"Yes, you do. You have responsibilities here and so do I."

The elevator sunk floor by floor, finally arriving. Ben was waiting by the front door.

"Damn..." Brian grumbled as he realized this was the end of the line for him.

"I'll see you tomorrow, Brian." Michael reached up to peck his lips on Brian's cheek.

Brian leaned his hand on the frame of the elevator. " 'Night, Benji."

"Goodnight, Brian." Ben smiled in mild frustration. “I'll give you a call if I need you again.”

"I won't be waiting." Brian crossed his arms over his chest, watching Michael leave. Ben was hovering nearby, a hand at Michael's back. As if he had the right to touch him like his "boyfriend" again.

Brian climbed back onto the elevator, thinking this was going to be the loneliest ride up to his loft in years.

~~TBC...