Fay is captured 

A pleasant summer afternoon had arrived so Fay decided to look up an auntie she had not seen for years. She had a nice detached house in sustantial grounds , the sort of person you wanted to keep in with , just in case they were making their Will. 

Fay was not the only visitor that afternoon , a neighbour had left her twoboys with Aunt Ethel whilst she went shopping. The grounds were ideal for them to play in being enclosed but extensive. Fay and her aunt sat outside in the garden drinking orange juice , chatting about nothing in particular . 

The boys were getting quite bored and kept coming into the garden asking for one of the adults to play with them , Aunt tried to fob them off with a banana each , but they had clearly exhausted their play list. Fay noticed at one stage Aunt Ethel took them to one side for a quiet chat , perhaps they were being too rowdy she thought. It did little good as within seconds they were running around again with a rope trying to lassoo each other. 

Soon they were back pestering the adults , one boy playfully put the lassoo round Fay's wrists to see if she could get out of it , she couldnt and so they yanked the rope and pulled her off her seat, "Yeah Fay's coming to play with us ," they yelled as they dragged her off by the rope. 

Now Fay had little choice about this , before she knew it she was led out of the garden and into the shrubbery , through a small orchard , passed some greenhouses and finally pushed to the ground near to a pond at the perimeter of the property. 

"Now what shall we do with the prisoner ? ," asked one boy , holding the rope secure on the ground above her head. The other boy sat on top of her on her waist and said , " I think we should have a look at her , " and as he spoke the words , he popped open each button of her blouse and without a breath , slowly drew the sides of the blouse apart , exposing a white bra enveloping Fay's neat breasts. 

The boys watched her exposed chest rise and fall as she took deep breathes , and then the boy on top jerked her bra down and her small breasts tumbled out , immediately the boy on top stroked her bared breasts and began to feel them. 

"Fay's got her tits on show , we've seen your tits ," teased the boy holding the rope, " hurry up I want to feel them as well , " he added. 

But the boy on top did not hurry up , he had a 20yr old woman beneath him and her bare breasts were out , the only thing covering them were his hands and they relentlessly cupped and stroked every inch of bared skin time and time again. indeed it was a good 10 minutes before the boys swapped places , and Fay went through the indignity again of having another young boy maul her boobs. 

"Right ," interrupted the other boy , "let's get her knickers down." "You are not doing that," protested Fay. "You either let us pull your knickers down or we will tell your Aunt you were awful to us, " schemed the boy. "Oh but please , " Fay protested. "Whats it to be , your Aunt is told you were really nasty or you let us take your knickers down , you make the choice ," replied the boy. "But really you can't," she answered. "It's up to you , your Aunt either thinks you are horrible or your panties are round your ankles,"explained the boy. "Theres nothing for you to do ," added the other, "you can just lie there and we will take them down for you. " "Please don't say anything to my Aunt , " she pleaded almost in tears of shame. "Then tell us , we want to hear you say it ," said one. "Yes ..... you can.... you can pull my knickers down , please don't tell anyone," Fay concluded. 

Her light summer skirt was pulled upright up to her chin, showing to the boys a pair of brief white knickers. She lay there defeated with her underwear on show , the boys immediately made her feel vulnerable by commenting, 

"Ah look you can see her hairs already," commented one. "Great I hoped it would be a hairy one , " his friend answered. They then tossed acoin to decide unveiling rights , to Fay's utter humiliation , the younger boy won ,with the worlds biggest grin he reached for her panties  , hesitated and then with a little tug , Fay felt her knickers start to come down , her black hairs sprung into view , spilling out for the boys tofeast their eyes until the whole triangle was exposed. "Look it isn't half hairy , wow let me have a feel ," said the coin toss loser. "Aw Fay , whose got a nice hairy fanny then?" , teased the victor further. 

The lad dutifully took her knickers all the way down her splendid legs and laid them to rest in a pile of cotton by her ankles , just as they had promised. He looked back up to the exposed prize only to see his friend was already busily feeling her pussy , his small hand combing through the pubic bush and pulling the hairs to their full length before letting go.The other boy started to toy with the hairs , examining the top left angle of the triangle and how the hairs suddenly stop. The first boy dropped his fingers on to Fay's slit and , to her horror , began to rub . 

"I know what to do you know , " he said , " so slip those panties off your ankles , open your legs , show us everything and I will give you a nice little rub." Without thinking Fay slid her ankles out of her panties and slightly parted her legs, "Bit more pease , " demanded her tormentor in chief ," let my mate see all you've got , he's not seen an adult one." fay as decently as she could , parted her legs , the younger boy was enthralled and stopped his play with the hairs to see her pouting vaginal lips. He touched them , he stroked them , he gently pulled at them and Fay realised to her utter embarrassment that she was totally wet, they in unison rubbed her vagina but did it so slowly it was magical for her , indeed she was so wet that she did not even murmur when the older of the two slipped two fingers up her pussy and began to pound away . He then showed his friend how to do it and the pair took turns to finger her ,they did 6 strokes at a time and then changed so she was constantly feeling their fingers fidgeting with her slit to reenter her. To her eternal shame , she had an almighty orgasm as the younger one was fingering her and gave off such a cry that birds left the trees. 

She quickly made her way home , too embarrassed to face her Aunt , but after she left the Aunt called the boys in to her home, "Now boys before you go home , if you want that £5 I promised you , I want to hear everything that happened with Fay , and I hope you pulled her knickers down as I suggested." "Yep she got stripped , knickers down , we saw everything, " they answered. "Good then tell me eveything , I want to know what her private parts look like." "Why don't we strip her in front of you next time?" "Mmmm , I think I will give Fay a ring about coming round next week , are you two available ?" 