Doctor's Office Excitement
by Matt

Here’s a true story that happened a few years ago when I was nearing the end of college. As a student I had planned on applying to medical school and in order to build my resume I did a decent amount of shadowing. Most of my experiences were mind-numbingly boring and ultimately turned me off a career as a doctor. However, one experience did become etched into my memory for obvious reasons. 

I was shadowing a local family doctor and on a warm spring day a cute high school girl whom I later found was 18 years old came in with her mother. The girl was average height with an athletic build. Her brown hair was straight but pulled back in a ponytail and she had nice tan – likely from the upcoming prom or possibly a spring sport. She wore a track t shirt, sweat pants, and a kind smile. Seeing a hot young patient was exciting enough for college me considering 90% of this doctor’s patients were over 50 and obese. The doc and I entered the room for what I suspected was a typical sports physical or yearly checkup. 

“So what brings you in here today Megan (not her real name)?” The doc asked after introducing me to the pair. 

“Well I’ve had this lump that’s been around for a while.” Megan replied.

“Ahh I see. And where is this lump?” 

“It’s umm….down in….well it’s near my groin region.” Megan answered while nervously giggling and blushing red. This perked my ears up, though I remained quiet in the corner. Her mom gave a slight grin and rolled her eyes while looking at the doctor. He was very professional and asked a few more questions regarding the lump. 

After gathering the history he placed the patient chart aside and finally said “Alright Megan I’m gonna have to take a look.” 

“okay.”

“…So my student here, in or out?” He asked. Dejected, I took a step toward the door knowing what Megan’s response would be. 

“huh?” Megan asked confused. 

“He’s asking if you’re okay with the student in the room while he looks.” Her mother said. 

“Oh. Uhhhh. I don’t care.” She laughed nervously while seemingly trying to act indifferent. But her body language and blushing gave her true feelings away. 

“Okay then..” the doctor started without missing a beat. I had to give him credit as his calmness helped keep the situation as smooth as possible. “Let’s have you remove your sweat pants and…” He started. But Megan cut him off. I’m sure he was about to offer her a gown or blanket of some sort to maintain her modesty but she jumped out of her chair, turned to face the wall, and slid her sweat pants down to her ankles. My eyes nearly escaped my skull at the site of her toned athletic legs and perfect peach shaped ass which was now dressed in only a small black cotton thong. Megan quickly hopped onto the exam table and I quickly looked away, catching the emotionless expression on the mother’s face. 

The doctor put on a pair of gloves and motioned me to come over to the other side of the exam table where Megan was now lying on her back. My eyes met Megan’s for a brief second before each of us looked away in a shy fashion. “I’m gonna lift your t shirt up a bit…” The doctor started but again Megan cut him off. 

“Oh sorry!” She said quickly and lifted her shirt up herself to her mid abdomen – exposing her flat tanned stomach and cute little belly button in the process.

“Okay let’s see here.” The doctor said as he surveyed Megan’s groin area with his hands. After about 30 seconds of fumbling around he paused. “I’m sorry, I’m not really feeling or seeing any lumps.” 

“Yeah…it’s uhhhh a little closer to my…..” 

The doctor didn’t make her finish. “Oh okay, I’m gonna have to slide the underwear down okay?”

“K.” Megan’s voice trembled. The doctor hooked his fingers in the waistband of her thong, and slowly slid them down to her mid thighs – baring her buck naked, bald-as-a-baby vagina in the process. My eyes instantly locked onto her soft smooth mound and tight little slit, both of which were accentuated by the cute tan lines around her pubic region. I had no shame at this point as I eye-...ed the hell out of her kitty in the guise of looking for this “lump.” My dick started to swell in my pants and I came back earth for a few seconds to adjust myself. While adjusting, my eyes again met those of Megan. She wasn’t smiling, but didn’t seem upset either. She stared a hole through me as if asking “like what you see?” with those dark brown eyes. She then slowly shifted her gazed down to my groin region, where I was fidgeting with my cock. I’m almost positive I saw her grin as I brought my eyes back to her pretty little pussy. I made sure to engrave her box into my memory as the doctor finished up and slid the thong back up to her waist. Megan slid her sweatpants up and I now looked at her mother who wore a disapproving look as she stared at her daughter. 

The doctor then went on to explain that the lump was nothing concerning as it was likely just an infected hair follicle which was healing. The best part of this explanation was him saying “it’s likely from shaving the pubic region – which it appears you’re doing?” Megan looked mortified at this question and blushed scarlet as her mother rolled her eyes and sighed judgmentally. I tried to conceal my amusement as Megan shyly nodded. The two of them gathered their stuff and thanked the doctor before exiting. I went about the rest of the day knowing I would never have as much shadowing excitement as I did during that glorious visit. 



