Years later I would come to grips with this reality when I was in
school.
I decided to join the basketball team, in spite of the fact that
my High School height was not exactly appropriate. I was too
short.
The coach had denied me many times. I was at wits end. Then, I
came up with a plan. I would use my "charm" to get the position.
One day, after the gym I hung around in the locker room until all
the other boys had gone. I heard coach Manny making his way
through between the benches.
I dropped my shorts and straddled the bench with my pink pussy
facing the direction I knew he'd be coming down.
As I heard him approach closer, I lifted my ass in the air. A
clearer invitation could not have been made.
He seemed startled to see my there.
"Hey, what's going on?" he said brusquely. "What are you doing
here?"
"Nothing" I replied in the most feminine voice I could muster.
"I was just thinking..."
"About what?"
Now his demeanor had become much more friendly. He came up next
to me and was staring at my boy cunt. I could tell his mouth was
watering.
Without moving I replied:
"How I'm going to get home, today. I missed my ride."
"Well I could drive you, I guess" he almost stammered.
"Oh would you?" I played coy.
"Sure" he said.
I felt his hand running over my cheeks, squeezing them.
"That's a beautiful butt you've got there"
"It's all yours, coach. I need big cock now"
He smiled and before I could count to two, he had his long thick
cock in my mouth.
I took him all in me. I flicked and licked and he groaned and
pushed my head, and I sucked his sweaty meat.
His balls were huge, and I started running my fingers under them.
And caressing them. His cock was like a lead pipe.
I nibbled on his head, and licked the length of his shaft.
He was ready. He took a tube of lube I had "carelessly" left
lying on the floor and lubed my pussy and his dick.
He didn't bother to nudge. He rammed the cock right up my ass.
"Aiiiiiiii" I cried out.
"Go slowly, I need to adjust"
His face was red.  He was blushing because it was obvious he'd
never done this before.
"Okay"
He gently retracted his cock and then pushed in again, slower and
more smoothly.
I moaned: "Fuck me, coach. I love your big dick. Make me your
baby girl."
He pumped me and I could see his hand going for my crotch. But he
stopped short.
"Squeeze my little cock, please" I whined.
He finally did. And he loved it. He was fondling me as if I were
his toy. I could see the expression of pleasure in his eyes and
he played with me. I guess that was a first for him too.
He began fucking me harder and I could tell he was about to cum.
I cried: "Come in my ass, come in your little girls cunt. Please
fill me up..."
He did. And it overflowed down my crack and onto the bench.
I turned and gathered some on my fingers. I licked them clean and
smiled:
"You taste so good, Manny"
He looked at me in astonishment.
As I stood up my cock was begging for release.
I began to rub it in front of him. He took my hand away and
kneeled:
"I've always wanted to suck a cute dick. Come here..."
It seemed he had practiced because he was good at it. His warm
mouth felt delicious  and as I erupted he swallowed my boy cum
almost in one gulp.
He squeezed my balls and drained me in his mouth.
I smiled and he smiled back.
"Can we do this again sometime?"
"Sure. Just ask."
"I certainly will"
"Well, do you need that ride?"
"Yes."
On the way home I asked if I could join the basketball team.
He pulled out his semi-erect cock in the car and I went down on
him again. Slurping and sucking. Squeezing and rubbing.
After filling my mouth with cum he welcomed me to the team.

Now, the reason I wanted to join the basketball team was not to
play basketball.
I loved the locker room, the smell of men. It turned me on more
than anything. Of course, I was transfixed by the cocks, balls
and asses that I saw as well.
It didn't take long for the other guys to figure that out. That
was what I hoped.
One day after a game I was in the locker room just snooping
around when the tallest guy on the team, Tim, grabbed me by the
hair.
"What are you looking for, girly?" he sneered.
I guess he thought I'd be offended.
"Oh nothing" I smiled at him.
"Guys, she's here!" he hollered.
As it turned out I was on the very bench where I had seduced the
coach. Soon eleven sweaty High Schools jocks were standing around
me. I sat on the bench.
Tim pulled my hair and made me stand up. He tugged my shorts
down. My cock was so hard it stood straight out.
There was a rowdy round of laughter.
"He's a baby"
"Oh what a cute little pecker"
And on and on. I was proud of my little dick. This didn't bother
me.
Eleven boys surrounding me, oh my god, I couldn't have dreamt of
a better scene.
I was now naked and I could see, one by one, the boys dropping
their shorts. If my cock was already hard, the sight of that
delightful array of teenage dicks brought my senses to a halt. I
was breathless.
"Look at him, he's drooling" said one whose cock would have been
my first choice. I probably was.
They laid my tiny naked frame on the bench, face up, head
dangling over the side, legs spread over either side. The boy
with the sculpted member lowered himself onto my face.
"Start sucking" he demanded.
I could smell the sweat and manhood on his long cock. I opened my
mouth and took him in me, he tasted like sex. He dipped his cock,
I swirled my tongue and grabbed him, squeezing and caressing the
smooth shaft.
I could barely see, but I felt someone near my splayed crotch,
rubbing my hard balls. Stroking me. A tongue ran over my cock.
He lifted my legs up exposing my palpitating pink hole. A thick
wet finger was jammed up my ass. I squirmed and wiggled, showing
off my pretty pussy.
"This whore is tasty"
"Let's teach her what happens to little girls that get lost in
the boys locker room" I heard loud laughter.
Then, without warning, a thick cock split my tight little boy
cunt.
"Aiiiiii" I screamed. "Fuck me!"
They were oblivious, with a cock a in my mouth and another in my
ass I began to take the teenage hormone crazed players on.
I was positioned on all fours, now, ass in the air. One cock
after the other was fucking me in both my open holes. When one
would lubricate my pussy with cum, another would penetrate me. I
contracted my muscles so they could feel my boy pussy, and
another hot stream of milk would fill my insides. My mouth was
dripping with boy juice as was my butt.
Occasionally someone would slap my cheeks and grab my balls.
"Open up, you slut!"
I obeyed.
After about two hours I was drenched in cum, inside and out. My
hole was gaping wide, and one after the other took turns spanking
me, fingering me and again, fucking me.
I was in heaven. I lost count of how many times I spurted. My
poor little dick never had a chance to deflate.
At last, I found myself alone, on the floor with semen in and
around me.
I licked my fingers, and massaged my distended pussy.
So, that was my initiation into the world of sports.
