DEAR DIARY 
We arrived yesterday and I'm so glad we decided to come to The Virgin Islands for summer break. 
'We' being Ashley, Stephanie, Amy and me. 
Four Guys are Sharing this fabulous house we are renting for the week. 
They are Dana, Brandon, Kenny and Steve. 
We stayed up late just talking and putting things away even though we were suffering from jet lag. 
I am so tired right now I think I'm going to pass out. 
I'll write more tomorrow. 

DEAR DIARY 
This morning I woke up and I was beat, but I couldnt sleep anymore. 
So I got up and looked over at the other bed. Ash was already 
up. I padded into the kitchen. It is magnificent. Lots of counterspace, lots of cupboard space, all the appliences you could want. 
There are lots of windows to let the morning light in. There is one big sliding glass door. 
It was huge like everything in this house. 
Ash was sitting at the bar eating ceral. (thats right, the kitchen has a bar) 
She asked if I wanted a bowl. I told her I dont eat that sugary stuff. 
She asked what was wrong (I must have looked like shit) 
I said I was just really tired. 
She said she had something that would fix me right up. 
I thought, Oh Lord, why me? 
I asked her where everybody was and she pointed to the note on the fridge. 
It said BE BACK AT NOON...THE GUYS. 
I asked where Steph and Amy were. Ash said with the guys. 
I was sitting at the bar and Ash brings over a can of Red Bull. 
I told her that stuff sucks. 
She told me it would give me wings. We argued and I ended up drinking it ...yuck. 
Then she sits a bowl of cereal down in front of me. 
I looked at it and asked what it was? I had never ever seen a bowl of cereal looking like that. 
It was Captain Crunch and Fruitloops mixed together. 
I said Im not eating that shit. NO WAY! we argued and I ate it. 
That girl has a knack for talking me into anything. 
Why do I let her? 
Well im not used to Red Bull or a lot of sugar so in about 10 minutes I was cranking about 50,000 RPMs. I was talking about 120mph and running around looking for stuff to clean or move. 
We went outside and I was bouncing a basketball between my legs. Anything to keep busy. 
I was rattling on about the nude beach we were gonna go to tomorrow. 
I would sit down, then walk over to the rail, then sit down, then look at the beach again. 
No one was down there. We are up on the side of a mountain 
We can see pretty far in both directions. 
Ash said why dont you go down on OUR beach nude. No one is here but me and you. 
When are we ever going to get another chance like this? 
The guys wont be back till noon and its only 8. 
The thought rolled around in my brain and now I couldnt get it out. 
The more I thought about it the better it sounded. 
So I stripped off my t-shirt and pulled down my panties. 
I picked them up and threw them at Ashleys head. 
Then, completely naked, I started down the stairs leading to the beach. 
Now we are way up on the side of the mountain so the steps would go one way, 
then there would be a landing. and they would go the other way, back and forth across the face of the mountain. 
Most of the steps were cut out of the hillside or were a desending trail but 
sometimes were made of wood or stone. 
There were lots of bushes and shrubs along the way. 
Well needless to say, this was making me horney, being nude, being outside naked. 
I was covering my boobs with my arm and hand. 
I had my other hand was on my pussy. It was getting wet. 
I put my finger inside as I walked. I looked back up at the house. 
I noticed sometimes the bushes or the hill hid me from view. 
I made it to the beach and looked around. No one was here so I ran to the water. 
Way up on the balcony it musta looked like I was just covering myself. 
The truth was I had 2 fingers in me. I ran into the water a short distance and jumped around. 
It felt so free and naughty to be out in the open completely bare. 
I played in the waves and run up and down the sand, then I then started back. 
I got about halfway up the hill. I was still very aroused. 
I got to a spot where Ash couldnt see me from the porch and stopped. 
I started masturbating . 
It felt crazy and daring to be playing with my pud in the middle of nowhere. 
I laid on this big rock and spread my legs and really went at it. 
Just before I reached my climax I looked over and there was Ash with her 
camera. 
Then I saw Dana and Brandon with her. ( it appears they werent part of 
the GUYS that left) Too late....seconds later I climaxed. 
I think knowing they were watching made it even better. 
I know I know...Im depraved. 
I was really embarrssed and got up and tried to cover myself. I yelled a few things at them. They turned around and went back up the stairs laughing. 
I got to the top and they were sitting there. 
I was still totally naked trying to cover my big boobs and my pussy. 
Ash told me she had some really juicy pictures of me. Operative word being juicy. 
She also reminded me that the rest of our party could come home early. 
She wondered what I was willing to do to have all the pictures deleted and get some clothes. 
They had locked the doors and put my shirt and panties inside. 
I asked what did they want me to do? Dana had a suggestion. 
Brandon said thats what he wanted too. 
I said "oh hell no". They just looked at me. What choice did I have? 
I couldnt believe they were making me touch myself. 
They said I was doing it down on the hill, now I can do it for them. 
I thought I'd try a bluff and told them to forget it. They said fine, stay naked. 
Slowly I let my hand slide down my tummy and onto my shaved pubic area. 
I was so embarrassed. Having to rub one off in front of these guys plus Ashley, was not on my todo list. 
But Ive got to tell you DIARY, It started to really excite me. I was getting so wet. 
Then Dana, the pervert, told me to put my finger, from my other hand, in my butt hole. 
I couldnt believe what he said but they werent going to let me have anything to wear until I did it. 
So I smeared some of my excess pussy juice,(and you know how juicy I can get), on my butt hole and on my finger. 
I slid it in. You know its not the first time. 
I moved it in and out in rhythm with my other hand that was rubbing my love button. 
They made me turn around, spread my legs, and bend over so they could all see me finger fucking both my pussy and my butt hole. 
How mortifying! I was being made to humiliate myself in front of all three them. I could feel my face burning in shame. 
But I could also feel the need to continue. It is strange how much this was degrading me and yet exciting me. 
I am the youngest at 18. All the others are 20 or above so I am like the baby, the child, the lesser. 
They were proving how much now by shameing me. 
They made me get down on my knees and the two guys sat down in deckchairs about 8 feet apart. 
The chairs were facing each other. I was in between them. 
They pulled out their cocks, both were hard. Dana told me to crawl over to him and suck him off. 
I did as I was told. I crawled over to him, still quite naked, on my hands and knees. 
I took hold of him, put my lips on his penis, and moved down over the head onto the shaft. 
After less than a minute, Brandon ordered me to crawl over to him and do the same. 
As I made my way shamefully between them, Ash smacked my ass, leaving a bright pink handprint. 
I was made to go back and forth, crawling bare ass naked between the two and taking turns sucking them off. 
Each time,Ashly would give my bare buttcheeks a WHACK. There laughter just made it worse...and better. 
This was so sexually bizarre. Their domination of me was total. 
Now I had to crawl with my forearms on the floor. 
This made my ass stick up higher and further exposed everything between my thighs. I felt so sleazy and I loved it. 
They could all see my shiny wet swollen pussylips. 
My bum hole clearly visible as I crawled along with my legs purposely spread wide. 
I was being used, abused and disrespected. I felt filthy and I was getting off on it. Is something wrong with me? 
They made me assult my butthole again as I gave them head. 
After they both came, they told me they wanted me to cum. 
I said yes. I hadnt cum yet and I was too aroused to stop. 
How much more could I disgrace myself anyway? They made me lay on my back and put my legs over my head. 
They told me to do both my holes while they held my legs. My knees were next to my head and my ass was pointing up. 
With my legs apart, everything was fully exposed to all. 
I had 2 fingers in my butt furiously pumping them in and out. I was rubbing my pussy like there was no tomorrow, then slapping it. 
I was moaning, and making all kinds of sounds. Telling them how much I loved it. 
I came with a mighty gush and a loud half scream half moan. 
I looked up and everyone was there. 
All 4 of the guys were watching , plus Ash, Amy and Steph. 
How long they had been there I dont know and they wont tell me. 
I felt even more disgraced and degraded then I thought possible. 
Even after all that they wouldnt let me in. 
They made me stay outside on the porch for another hour, begging for my clothes. 
They finally let me inside, I took a shower and got dressed. I felt like a fool the whole time. 
I can barely look any of them in the eye. 
Hopefully things will go better tonight.