For a moment, floating half-awake, Alec didn't remember where he was. His apartment -- James's place? Or was it one of the thousand other places they'd slept, in enemy territory of one kind or another.

James was here, though; pressed up against his back, one arm around his waist. Alec tried to reach back to touch him -- but something was restraining his arm. He opened his eyes, saw the sling. Remembered where he was.

The underground shelter. Where James had bought him, after --

No. He would not think about that, would not remember the pain, the humiliation. He was out of the casts, he'd start physical therapy to rebuild wasted muscles. And when he was well again, he'd -- he'd --

Escape? Kill James? Be able to properly worship him, spending hours on his knees, mouth open, arms locked around his waist, feeling fingers in his hair -- feeling the satisfying snap as James's neck broke, the final spasm of the dying body clenching around him --

He pressed his head against the pillow, as if he could keep the thoughts out by sheer force of will.

James stirred against his back, snuggled against him, and Alec felt a wash of tenderness go through him. Everything James had done, all the pain he'd put him through -- had it all been for this? And didn't that make it all worth it?

He wanted it to be worth it. If it wasn't, if all the hours he'd spent screaming, all the long morphine-hazed days and the weeks and months spent flat on his back were just one long excuse to kill James Bond and he didn't really want that, did he?

Of course he did, because he hated James, hated him and everything he stood for, it shouldn't even be a subject for debate -- so why was it so hard to convince himself of that fact?

He felt James grow half-hard against him. If he could improve on that situation ... seduce James, get him to touch him, hold him ... fuck him into exhaustion, maybe he'd get some peace.

Even if his right arm hadn't been immobilized in the sling, it would have been too weak. Moving slowly so he wouldn't wake James, he wriggled his left arm out from beneath his head, and reached down to take hold of James's hand. He carefully maneuvered it up over the cast, until he was in position to take James's middle finger into his mouth and suck it. Softly, gently, he drew the finger deep into his mouth. He heard James groan, felt him grow fully hard against him.

And then James shifted, pulled his finger away. Got his hand on Alec's shoulder, instead. There was a brief flare of pain, over almost before it had begun, and Alec found himself on his back.

He let out a gasp, as James swung a leg over to straddle him. Carefully, he lowered himself, molded himself to Alec. Began to rub against him, so that Alec could feel the full length of his cock, and the spreading warmth as he himself grew hard. But all he could do was lie there, flat on his back, and look up into eyes nearly all black with need.

Still bracing his arms, James lowered his head. Alec managed to raise the rest of the way, bridging the distance, and letting his lips part ...

And then James let out a groan, rolled away as if he'd been wrenched from Alec by a force greater than himself. Lay gasping, looking as disarrayed as Alec himself felt.

"James," Alec begged, "Please!

"We can't."

"What's stopping us?" He reached his good arm across his body and tried to touch James, but he was just out of range. "Please -- "

James sat up. "Last night in the shower wasn't enough for you?"

"Enough for last night, perhaps." Alec looked into James's eyes, and drew the tip of his tongue over his lower lip. James stayed in his gaze for a long while, but then jerked his head to the side, shut his eyes. "Alec, we can't -- "

"Why not?"

A smile fluttered across James's lips. "For one thing, you'll need all your strength for physical therapy."

He almost protested that. As long as his body was weak, he didn't have to test the fear that was growing in the back of his mind; that something inside him was broken, perhaps irreparably. But even as he said it, he knew how irrational it would sound to James.

Wouldn't it? Or would it be exactly what James wanted to hear, proof of his victory.

He couldn't bear to even think that. Instead, he whispered, "James, please."

"Later." And then he grinned wickedly. "When you can sit up on your own, I promise I'll do anything you want."

Weak as he was, that could take days. "Can't we just -- "

"Shh." James stroked his hair, once, twice, then laid a finger across his lips. "I don't want to exhaust you before your workout."

Alec let out a resigned sigh. "Let's get on with it, then." After all, he told himself, a workout could be just what he needed. Good, clean pain to distract him from his thoughts, and in the end, exhaustion was exhaustion.