"Don't tell me the odds!" Lieutenant Commander Frevik Targon snarled. His commanding officer was trying to stop him from going out to find her. It wasn't going to happen. He was going to find her or die trying.
"Frevik, don't be a goddamned idiot! I can't afford to lose two people!"
"Dammit, Maneh! She's my responsibility. I sent her out there and I'll be damned if her death will be on my conscience!" With that Frevik leaped onto his giant tauntaun, Gluupor, and sped out of Echo Base.
The Rebel Alliance had long ago defeated the evil Empire despite their massive loss on Hoth. Now the Alliance was set on rebuilding all that'd been destroyed during the civil war. The once lost Echo Base is just one foothold in the galaxy the Alliance hopes to reassert. Criminal activity in the Hoth system had become overwhelming; smugglers and vagabonds came to Hoth seeking the highly valuable lumni-spice.
Frevik's job was to oversee patrols of the Great Fissure-the deep caverns that led to the canyon along Hoth's equator. It was there criminals went in search of lumni-spice. He was always surprised at the number of criminals coming to Hoth considering how fucking cold it was. But then again, the temperature matched the criminal's hearts, he guessed. Often he'd find bodies of people left behind, frozen to death along the fissure. Greed _can_ kill.
"Hiyah!" Frevik spurned Gluupor on, racing toward where he'd sent Sub- Lieutenant Maila Solvan nearly twelve hours ago. She was supposed to have reported back in two hours ago and the sun was near setting. Hoth after the sun went down was cruel place. The temperature during broad daylight was barely tolerable, but after the sun set...it was unsurvivable.
He could kick himself for sending Maila out there by herself. He could kick himself harder for not going after her sooner, when they'd lost contact. He hadn't wanted to give himself away; and now she could die because of his fear Commander Maneh would suspect there was something more than professional between him and the beautiful Sub-Lieutenant.
And gods, was she beautiful.
Maila Solvan arrived on Hoth five months after Frevik. She'd been sent there because of her ability to persevere in difficult climates. She'd survived a four month stint on the frozen planet, Khorm, without one complaint.
Immediately sparks ignited between Maila and her commanding officer—Frevik.
He couldn't help himself. He knew he shouldn't lust after a subordinate; especially one under his direct command. But Maila was a bundle of amazing contradictions. She was small yet strong as a bull. She was slight but generated more heat than he did. She was breathtakingly beautiful yet she had inside her skull the most devious and strategic mind he'd ever encountered.
They'd only stolen a few hurried kisses immediately regretted by both. Now, as Frevik raced out to find his missing officer, what he regretted most was not having tasted the whole package, of not taking it when he could. Despite their victory, life in the galaxy wasn't as safe and comfortable they'd like it to be. There were no guarantees any of them would be alive the next day. Now he faced with the possibility of losing her. He didn't want to lose the only woman who'd ever ignited more than just his body.
Frevik kicked Gluuper harder, demanding more from his tauntaun than ever before. His hearbeat was jacked into fifth gear terrified of not finding her. He _had_ to find her. Considering the suns rising tomorrow in a world without Maila in it scared him more than facing a Wampa unarmed.
Maila Solvan hugged herself tight against the ledge of ice. Her back was against the wall, her feet braced on the small step she'd managed to land on. God, where were they? She'd fallen into the fissure three hours ago. Two hours after she was supposed to report in. Why hadn't they investigated yet?
She could understand Commander Maneh not noticing her gone. If it didn't affect the bottom line, that bastard didn't blink an eye. But not Frevik. Frevik would have noticed immediately. So where was he?
Maila wrapped her arms around herself tighter. _He'd come. He'd come._
Three hours prior the ground shook from yet another asteroid pelting the planet, probably within one hundred kilometers. It happened often. Hoth was the sixth planet in the Hoth system and a frequent target to large rocks entering the small solar system. Normally the shaking wouldn't have bothered her, but it'd caught her off guard, as she was peering over the entrance to the equatorial canyon, looking for suspicious behavior.
That's when she'd lost her footing and slid down the side of the ice canyon and onto the ledge she currently occupied.
Maila rubbed her hands together, trying to generate some heat. The sun would be going down in less than an hour. The shade was already making her bones ache with cold. If she didn't get back to echo base or in some other protective shelter soon, she'd be a goner.
Hurry, Frevik, her mind screamed.
"Mailaaaa...." a voice on the wind screamed her name.
"Here!" She screamed as loud as she could, the cold making her voice choke.
"Maila!" Frevik's head poked over the side of the cliff.
Maila screamed in recognition, fear and relief jetting through her body at the same time. Relief at him being there; fear of him being in danger because of her.
"Hold on! I'm going to get you out of there!" Frevik walked away and came back with a rope.
Maila tried to grab the rope but her hands were too cold to grip. In the extreme cold extremities lost their strength first.
"I can't, Frevik. I'm too cold."
Frevik dragged the rope back up and made a loop. He tossed it back down and told her to get in it while he hooked the other end to the saddle on his tauntaun.
"Gluuper's gonna move forward and pull you up. Can you manage to hold on?"
Maila nodded, wrapping her body in the loop he'd made, not sure if she could keep a hold, but determined to try. At least she didn't have to pull herself up. She could hold on, dammit.
The tauntaun dragged her up slowly, making it easier for her to stay with the rope. She'd slipped down about twenty feet.
When she slid over the edge Frevik grabbed her and lifted her upright, holding tight in his arms.
"Maila!" He squeezed hard, reassuring himself she was alive.
"Frevik, I'm glad to see you too." Maila pulled away and saw the relief on his face. "But if we don't get moving, we're not going to make it much longer."
Frevik lifted her up onto the tauntaun, her once strong body frail from the exposure. "We won't make it back to the base. But I've got an idea."
Frevik took Maila into a small cavern at the base of the fissure. Once occupied by a wampa ice creature, the cave had been abandoned. It was full of unfortunate mercenaries who'd met their death while hunting for lumni-spice. He brought Maila and Gluuper into a small cutoff room that would protect them from the wind and quickly set up a fire with a small gas machine. The room was pure ice and would encase the heat much like an igloo allowing them to survive the night if they could get the temperatures up fast enough.
Frevik looked to Gluuper. There was always the tauntaun solution if they became desperate. But god he hoped it wouldn't come to that. Frevik didn't think he could handle the smell.
Soon the heat from the fire generator spread enough to stave off the blistering cold of night. It wasn't cozy by any means but if they were smart and shared body heat there was a good chance they'd survive until morning.
"What the hell happened out there?" Frevik asked after he got Maila settled.
"An asteroid struck in the northwestern region sending a shake."
"What's new? This place is a veritable asteroid pimple field."
"Yeah." Maila laughed, her voice beginning to defrost with the meager warmth. "But I was perched over the edge at exactly the wrong moment. God, five more feet to the left and I would've fallen another hundred feet."
"What were you thinking?" Frevik actually sounded mad.
"I was thinking I heard a goddamn transport operating down there!" Maila became defensive. She was a damn good operative and having her actions questioned wasn't something she was used to. Especially from Frevik.
"Yeah, well look where it got you! Almost dead! Next time, you radio in a report before you do anything so goddamn stupid!" Frevik was full out yelling now, angry at almost losing her. Angry at not forcing her to take someone with her, allowing her the choice of surveying by herself. His blue eyes were afire with his anger, a much safer emotion than the despair threatening to take over his heart.
Maila stood up, stretching to her full five feet. She stared straight up at him, still a foot under his six feet but her attitude taking her the rest of the way.
"I've seen you dangle your ass over worse and you're telling me I was being irresponsible? Who the fuck are you to talk?"
"Your goddamned commanding officer, Sub-Lieutenant!" Frevik was in her face now, trying to stare her down, his eyes dancing with raw fear.
"When I'm on patrol alone I answer to myself. My life is mine to risk!"
Frevik grasped her shoulders hard and pulled her up against him. "The hell it is! You're under my command!"
He kissed her. Hard. His lips compelling her acquiescence, demanding her response.
And respond she did. Maila grasped his scruffy blonde hair, burying her hands in it, pulling his head tighter against her. The thrill of his touch shot through her limbs.
This is what she'd feared losing. As she sat there on that ledge the one thing she'd regretted was not surrendering herself to the passion Frevik ignited inside her. Maila wasn't the type to involve herself with a commanding officer; until she'd met Frevik it had never been an issue. The attraction between them sizzled constantly; it was an awareness beneath her skin constantly wanting to be set free. She wanted to lose herself to him, but at Echo Base with the ever present watchful eyes of their superiors, she didn't dare pursue it.
But here they were miles from base. Miles from the nearest person who could hear her screams of pleasure. And only having just survived a possible death, Maila was determined to have what she'd heretofore denied herself. She began pulling at Frevik's coat, wanting to feel his skin.
"Maila..." Frevik pulled away from her lips just a fraction. "We can't. It's too cold."
"But I want you, Frevik. I need you. If only for tonight, please...please touch me."
Frevik closed his eyes and groaned, leaning his forehead against Maila's. "Baby, our bare skin will freeze if we expose it for more than a few minutes."
Maila took out a knife and smiled, her eyes half lidded with lust as she slid the sharp edge toward his torso. "Baby, we don't have to expose all of our skin...in fact, I believe the goal is to hide some of it."
Frevik's mouth broke out in a grin. "You naughty little, minx." He took the knife from her and slid it against her thin jacket where her nipples poked against the dense material.
"Mmm...very." Maila arched back, feeling the knife jolt against her aching nipple even through her coat. "Cut me, Frevik."
Fire danced in his eyes as he slipped the knife under the outer material and sliced into it. He moved over to slice another hole over the other nipple and dropped the knife to their feet before moving his fingers to rip the holes a little bigger. Just wide enough for her rosy pink nipple to peek it's way out.
Never had he seen anything so goddamn erotic in his life. Maila standing there, the firelight bathing her lust flushed face, her bare nipple peeking out of her white coat, begging him for attention.
Frevik grasped the little peak with his fingers and pulled, twisting it. Maila shouted with pleasure, the pain excruciatingly sweet. Then he reached in and grabbed her other nipple, twisting it the same way, making her stand on her tip toes in front of him.
"You like that?"
"Yes, yes." She gasped.
"Yes, what, Sub-Lieutenant?" Frevik grinned, twisting the nipple harder.
"Yes, Sir." Maila cooed, biting her lip, enjoying the game between them. Even from the beginning when she had to call him Sir because of his ranking she loved it. And by the way he looked at her from the beginning he knew it aroused her. Being under his mastery and care was more intoxicating than any drug.
"That's better, baby." Frevik leaned over and slipped his tongue into the hole, sliding it around her engorged nipple. His hot mouth on her cold skin sent shivers through her body; the contrast was exquisite.
His hands slipped down to her ass and cupped the perky cheeks beneath her uniform. The material encasing her was thin but did its job well, keeping her body heat in from the elements as good as any thick down.
Maila groaned and ran her hand through Frevik's dirty blonde locks. He smelled like man and sweat. A heady combination that set her senses on fire. She gripped him hard as he nibbled on her nipples, making them stand out. He moved his head away and blew on them, her wet nipples meeting the cold air, hardening them further.
She'd never felt anything like it. Being in the cold cavern with just her sensitive nipples exposed to the elements was scintillating. When his tongue slipped over her areola, the heat from his mouth was doubly powerful in comparison to the bitter cold.
Frevik reached down and grabbed the knife he'd let fall to the ground. "I'm going to have to put this to good use if I'm going to get to the important stuff."
"Do it!" She didn't care. He could strip her naked and ask her to parole in front of the unit and she'd do it. Whatever he asked her, she'd do it. As long as he didn't stop touching her.
Frevik went to his knees and spread her legs, running his hand along her sensitive cleft. She shivered. He could feel the heat from her arousal through her clothes and wanted, no needed, to taste it.
Taking the knife he carefully slit a small hole into the seam at the middle of the insulated garment. He put his fingers inside the hole and steadily ripped until he had her fully exposed from ass to clit. He made quick work of her panties with the knife, slitting them right in half at the crotch.
Maila gasped when he grabbed her thigh and threw it over his shoulder, opening her to him completely. She only felt the brush of the cold air for a second before his mouth ensconced her womanhood. And then she couldn't think at all.
Frevik was a man possessed. The object of his desire was finally in his arms. He was at last savoring the nectar of her desire. The taste jerked him into overdrive like an aphrodisiac, making him crazy for more. He needed to please her, to be the one responsible for her falling over the ledge to losing her mind.
He set to doing that very thing with his tongue. Licking her slick labia, tasting the juices coming from her core, he made her squirm. At first, he moved up to her clit and circled it gently with his tongue before quickly flicking it. He knew he was on the right path when she screeched and arched against him, pushing her center into his mouth.
"Frevik! Please...I want..." she was begging, jerking her hips against his mouth.
"What?" Frevik flicked his tongue over her sensitive clit again. "Tell me. What do you want, Maila. Tell me, now!"
"I need you inside me. Please..." Maila was panting, her hips moving in rhythm against Frevik's chin.
"Not yet. But I will give you something." Frevik slid one finger inside her channel and growled at the heat he found. Maila leaned down onto his hand, rotating against him. "Does that feel good, baby?"
"Yes, oh Frevik!" Maila bucked against him, riding his finger like it was his cock.
Frevik bent down again and took her clit into his mouth, frantically sucking on it as he quickly moved his finger in and out against her g-spot. It wasn't long before her body jerked against him, her channel squeezing his finger tight with her orgasm. His mind delighted in her orgasm. He could taste the cream of her release slide out onto his tongue. She tasted like sweet salt water and honey.
"Oh, god Frevik!" Maila gasped for air, leaning back against the ice wall of the cave. Her body shivered from her release and sudden exposure to cold air when he moved his face away.
Frevik stood up and kissed her. She could taste her orgasm on his tongue and the heat began to build again at her core. It shocked her that she could become aroused again so quickly. She wanted to taste him now; taste the slick of his arousal in her mouth, knowing she was the one who put it there. She wanted to make him feel what she'd felt three seconds ago.
Moving quickly to her knees Maila reached for the knife.
"Oh, no...I don't think that's necessary, baby." Frevik grinned as he undid the button of his trousers, fishing out his arousal. "Is this what you're looking for?"
"You scared of having a knife so near your goods?" He didn't have a chance to answer before she grabbed it and slid it fully into her mouth. Frevik groaned and reached out, bracing himself against the wall of the cavern. Gods, the sensation of her hot mouth against his arousal was ten times hotter because of the contrasting cool air. It was as if all the heat in his body was suddenly lodged in one area.
"Oh, Maila." Frevik groaned, touching her soft black hair, brushing it back from her eyes as her head bobbed on his cock, licking his length as she cupped his balls in her hand. "Oh, baby you're amazing. So fucking beautiful."
She groaned against him in response, the vibration of her voice against his cock making him shiver with excitement. It wasn't long before he had to pull out of her eager mouth. He felt bad not giving her what she wanted but he didn't want to come there, as much as the idea appealed to him. He wanted her wrapped around him, fully embedded in her body.
"Frevik..." Maila whined when he took himself from her mouth.
"Come here, baby. I'll give you what you want." He lifted her up against the wall of the cavern and wrapped her sweet legs around his midsection. The feel of her against him, fully clothed but sensually explosive was amazing. She bucked against him, trying impatiently to get him inside her.
He laughed at her eagerness, his hands shaking with evidence of his own as he slid his cock into her steaming center. He had to pause for a second when he was fully embedded. He felt like he'd dipped his cock into near boiling water; the contrast of the cold air to their hot sexes was insane, making him shiver.
"Oh, gods, Frevik!" Maila arched against him, leaning her head back against the cold cavern wall.
Frevik began moving against her, pounding his cock in and out of her sweet warmth. Their bodies pressed against each other but they couldn't feel each other's skin; only connected at their sexes, the sensation of their connection was tenfold in intensity.
Maila clung to him as he thrust into her, her legs pinned against him. She could feel his torso thrust against her clit, sending shivers up her womb. She was beginning to feel the frantic rush toward the finish line and she began to push back at him, bracing one hand on his shoulder and another against the cold wall.
Frevik positioned herself to accommodate her, bracing his legs and leaning forward, pressing her against the wall. It drove him deeper into her, brushing the tip of his cock against her cervix.
"Oh, Maila!" Frevik groaned, burying his head in the crook of her neck and sucking on the skin. The taste of her raw flesh was amazing in combination of the sensation of their joining, sending him deep over the edge. He sped up his thrusts trying to send her over the edge with him.
Maila's body bucked and stiffened against him, the walls of her channel squeezing him so tight he could no longer thrust but only push against her and try to keep his cock inside. It was magical, hearing him bellow his pleasure against her as her body exploded with sensation.  
Frevik gasped, the cool air shocking him as it went deep into his lungs. He held onto Maila, not letting her down, savoring the sensation of her limp body against him.
"Are you ok?" Frevik asked, scared he may have hurt her with his roughness.
Maila blinked and looked at him, her eyes lidded heavily as she looked back at him. She sighed. "I'm amazing. How are you?"
Frevik chuckled. "Everything is great, but my ass is super freezing."
Maila gasped and tried to disentangle their bodies. Frevik didn't fight her, gently putting her on the ground before dislodging his cock, immediately missing the tight hotness that was Maila.
Maila giggled when Frevik put his equipment away and zipped up his pants.
"What?" Frevik asked, worried she was laughing at him in some way.
"It's nice that you can zip back up. What am I supposed to do?" She looked down at her ripped pants and laughed again.
The situation was at once entirely hilarious. If it weren't so cold, Frevik was sure they'd be rolling on the ground in hysterics. Laughing after such beautiful intimacy with this woman was amazing, almost as refreshing as the woman herself.
When they finally recovered from their fit of giggles, Frevik pulled a small roll of multi-tape from his pack and patched up her clothing to sufficiently protect her from the elements until they made it back to base.
"What am I going to say? I got bored and ripped out the seam to my pants and bored holes in my coat?" Maila grinned.
"You were attacked by a rutting Wampa!" Frevik lifted up his arms, waving them around in a sarcastic imitation of a horny ice beast.
"You may be a big man, Frevik, but you're hardly a ten foot tall white furry monster. I mean, no offense."
They sat in front of the fire and held each other, sharing heat until they fell asleep. When they woke up the tape between Maila's thighs was quickly removed for a pleasant morning warm up before returning to base where an astounded Commander Maneh welcomed them back, shocked they'd survived the night beyond the base's walls. He didn't know their secret recipe for keeping warm and both Frevik and Maila didn't enlighten him.