This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions
of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If
you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is
illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if
you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this
site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said
that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at
least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not
offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are
fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities
is purely coincidental.
=======================================================


I was busy working in the office, and was told that I had a call
from my Fran.  Huh, I didnt have anything on the schedule, so
was caught off guard about the call, but picked up anyway.

Fran was on the line, and immediately asked if it was okay to
discuss something.  I told her no, and that Id call her back if
she gave me her number.  I then picked up a private line and
placed the call to her.

Hi, she said on the first ring.  Im sorry to bother you, but
remember what we talked about, she asked.  Yes, I said, and I
also told you that I would give you a call.  I know, I know she
said, but well something has come up and I immediately thought of
you and your hobby, she said.  So, you pissed at me, or willing
to listen, she asked.

I guess both, I said, so go on.  Well I dont expect that you
would know the Hammonds who live about 10 minutes away from you,
do you.  I doubt it, but continue.  Okay, Ive got a party coming
up there this coming Friday and was over there getting some of
the usual basic stuff ready, when I overheard Mrs. Hammond
talking to someone on the phone and saying that she was so horny
that shed fuck a snake.

I got so tickled at the expression and the way she said it that I
burst out laughing and she heard me and hangs up the phone. 
Anyway, one thing leads to another and she tells me that if she
had tits like mine, then shed be fucked every day, but as it is
now, shes happy for once a month.  I told her that I thought she
had a cute figure and shed have no problem finding a man.  She
laughed and told me to find her one, and shed probably even be
willing to pay for it.  I told her that she couldnt pay for it,
but I might know someone she could trade with for it.

Go on I said.   Well I didnt want to tell her anymore, but she
insisted, and I told her that I knew of someone that collected
adult pictures and maybe if she made some pictures, well they
could trade or something.  Fran, I said, you didnt tell her
anything else, did you?   No no, I swear, not a word and Im
calling you from my house, but she told me to tell my friend that
shed be very very interested.

Okay, so you told me, now lets leave it be, I said.  Fran,
sounding very rejected said okay and hung up the phone.  I turned
to the computer, entered in my home address and did a grid search
for any Hammond in a 20 mile radius.  Just one name popped up, so
I figured what the heck, its doesnt cost anything to check it
out.

So, on the way home that afternoon, I drove by the Hammond house
to have a look.  Couldnt see a damn thing, but just as luck
would have it, a courier car came driving up and pulled into the
driveway.   I stopped to watch as the driver got out of his car
with an envelope and went up the front steps and rang the bell.

In a few minutes the door opened a crack, then all the way and I
assume that Mrs. Hammond was who I was looking at.  She signed
for the package and put it inside the door.  As the driver went
down the steps and to his car, the lady came down the steps and
walked to the mailbox.  I was able to get a very good look at
her.

Tall, probably close to 6, slender, real small ass and some cute
tits pushing against her top, probably a B cup.  She was very
well dressed and I could see her hair and makeup were applied in
good taste.  She however wasnt a young trophy wife; to the
contrary she was easily in her mid to late 50s.  I figured she
must have been a knock out in her younger years with everyone
trying to get between those long legs.

As she turned and went back into the house, I drove away heading
towards my house for an evening of homework in my briefcase.  I
couldnt sleep that night, thinking about Mrs. Hammond, so I got
up and logged on to the laptop and did some further searching on
the Hammond family at the known address.

It didnt take long and I was looking at the names of Virginia
and Donald Hammond.  He was an attorney and a partner in a local
firm.  She is a housewife, mother of 2 children, member of this
and that and the rest of the suburban crap that doesnt amount to
a hill of beans.

The following day, I was busy all day with meetings and other
corporate matters that go to make up my day the majority of the
time, but towards the late afternoon I took a break and picked up
my private line and dialed the Hammond residence.

A very pleasant sounding lady answered the phone.  Mrs. Hammond,
I inquired.  Yes, she said.  I apologize for disturbing you I
said, but your caterer, Fran, suggest that I call as we might
have something to discuss.

The phone was silent for about 10 seconds, but it seemed like an
eternity.  The silence was then broken, by her saying, yes I
believe I have something youd be interested in, and you also
have something that Id be interested in.  Very good then, I
said, then your interested and we can do a trade.  Yes, certainly
she said, when can we meet to discuss it?

There is really nothing to discuss, I replied.  Well meet where
youll get what you want and Ill get what I want, thats all
there is to it, I said.  But dont you want to maybe meet me or
something or perhaps, well you know, tell me what I need to
bring, she said.  No, not necessary I said.  Ill trust that you
know how to dress for a business meeting and you can be assured
of no pain or things like that in what you are seeking.  Would
you then like to come over here, she asked.  Id rather not, I
said, as I have everything set up where I am, if you dont mind.

Very well she said, what is the address and when would you like
me to arrive.  I gave her the address, with no directions, and
told her to arrive about 11 and plan to spend the afternoon.  She
said she was looking forward to meeting me and then we hung up.

Two days later just before 11 a.m. the doorbell rang and I went
to answer it.  There standing just as tall as I am was Mrs.
Virginia Hammond all decked out in a business suit such as shed
wear to the local garden club board meeting.  Mrs. Hammond, I
said, please come in, Ive been expecting you.  Thanks you, she
said, I wasnt sure that I was at the correct house.  I mean, she
continued, well perhaps someone was sending me to the wrong
place, sort of as a joke, but you did say Im expected, didnt
you.

Yes, very much so, I said, so please do come in and make yourself
at home as I guided her back towards the rear of the house and
offered her a seat on the sofa.  She smoothed her skirt and sat
down, tugging the hemline as she crossed one long leg behind the
other.  Can I offer you anything to drink, I asked.  No, Im fine
thank you, she said.

So, I understand that you are a collector, she began.  Yes, I
said, probably not the biggest or best collection in the world,
but certainly one that Ive enjoyed, I said.  And, as I
understand it, she continued you would like to have my likeness
added to the collection.  Yes, I said, and in return, you will,
Im confident, leave happy.

I wasnt to sure what to wear or bring, she said, so I remember
you saying it was a business meeting, so I hope what I have on is
appropriate.  Your just fine, I said.  Thanks you, she said, so
what next, how.her voiced trailed off as I interrupted, do we
begin, I said.  Yes, she said.

We already have, I said.  Throughout this room and the bedroom
over there are cameras and microphones, which will record
everything that, goes on in these rooms.  Also here, I said
picking up the item, is a small digital camera that I may or may
not use during your visit.

Very well, she said, is there someplace where I can change and
what would you like for me to start out with.  Please Mrs.
Hammond, I said, if youll just allow me, I said.  Sorry, she
said, Im just nervous.  Then lets continue, I said.  Id
appreciate you answering any of my questions and also following
any of my instructions, can you do that for me, I asked.  Yes,
Ill try, she said.

Now tell me a little about you, I said.  What would you like to
know, she asked?  How about your age for a start, I said.  59,
she said, is that too old?  No, why would you ask that.  I dont
know, except maybe you were anticipating a younger woman instead
of me, she said.

No, to the contrary, I dont like trophies, I said.  Now lets
continue how tall are you.  Im 510, but with heels I can add a
few inches.  And what size are you, I asked.  I wear a 5 or 6
depending on the manufacturer, or where it was made, she said. 
Youve got quite a nice figure, do you jog or exercise, I asked.
No, Ive always been this size for as long as I can remember, she
said.

Well, stand up and lets have a look at you, I said.  Virginia
stood, straightened her skirt and pulled at the bottom of her
jacket to straighten it, then looked at me.   How long have you
been married, I asked.  34 years, she said. Have sex often, I
asked.  No, not often enough, she said.  So you enjoy sex, I
said.  Yes, she replied, very much.

Any inhibitions, limitations, I asked. No, not really, she said.
Does that shock you that a woman of my age would say something
like that, she asked.  No, not at all, I appreciate you candor, I
said.

So tell me what youre wearing I said, changing the subject. 
Virginia looked down at herself as if in a final inspection
before saying anything and said, obviously this skirt with
matching jacket and the silk blouse under the jacket.  Is that
all you have on, I pushed.

No, oh you mean, then said, I also have on a bra, panties and
stockings, she said.  Whats holding up the stockings, I asked. 
They are the new stays up kind she said.  Really, I said.  Yes,
and I dont know how they work, but they do stay up, she said.

Then I said why dont you lift your skirt so I can see your legs
and how these stockings manage to stay up.  For a moment she
stood there and looked at me with disbelief in her eyes.  Then I
added, come on Mrs. Hammond its show and tell time.

I dont know she stammered, please cant you just take some
pictures of me.  Ill change into whatever you want and then, her
voice trailed off.  You know, I began, Ill bet that you lay in
bed waiting for your husband to reach over and touch you, and
then in about 3 minutes its all over with, isnt it.   You asked
Fran for this, I went on, so if you want the same old nothing,
the door is over there.  Go home and cry or do whatever you do,
but dont bitch about doing without anymore.  Or, you can stay
here, following directions, and know that youll leave later on,
with a smile on your face.

Sorry, she said, Im just not use to coming into a strange house
and in front of someone I dont know, pulling up my skirt.  We
already know all of this, I shot back, but lets do it anyway,
shall we?

She reached for the hemline of her skirt and began pulling it up.
 Is this what you wanted to see, she asked? Yes, thank you, I
said.  Youve very nice legs, I said.  Now take off your jacket,
I said.  She let go of the skirt, and unbuttoned the few buttons
and removed the jacket revealing an off white silk blouse beneath
it.

There, I said, now thats a little better, isnt it?  Virginia
shook her head.  Now tell you what, I continued, how about you
just walk around the room a little bit.  Virginia looked around
and then began walking about until she crossed back and forth
several times, and I stopped her. I love your long legs, I said,
youre very pretty.  Thank you, she whispered back.

Now turn around some, I said, and she just turned in place, and
asked if that was okay.  Yes, I said very nice, as she again face
me.  Now Mrs. Hammond, please take off your skirt I said. 
Virginia looked at me for a few seconds, then slowly reached
behind her and worked the zipper down and undid the catch on the
waistband.  She then pushed the skirt over her hips and let it
fall pooling around her feet.  She then bent over and picked the
skirt up looking for a place to put it.  Over there, I said,
pointing to the other side of the room, whereupon she walked over
and placed the skirt on a chair, then turned and walked back
towards me.

I could see her nicely shaped legs all the way to the base of her
panties, which were still partly covered by the bottom of her
blouse.  Now please take off your blouse, I said.  Virginia began
at the top and started to unbutton her blouse.  As she continued,
I could see the center of her bra and then finally the front of
her panties.  She paused and looked at me, so I motioned with a
finger to continue, and she slipped it off her shoulders and down
her arms.  Put it with your skirt, I said.  She turned and walked
to the chair and I could see the nice shape of her ass beneath
her panties as she moved away from me.

She draped the blouse over the top of the chair, then paused a
second before turning and walking back to stand in front of me. 
You certainly have a nice figure, I said.  Thank you, she
replied.  So you said you wear a size 5 or 6 is that correct? 
Yes, she said.  And what size panties do you wear, I asked. 
Generally a 4 she said.  And your bra, I asked.  Its a 34 she
replied.  And whats your cup size, I asked.  Im a B she said is
that too small?  Why do you ask, I said.

Well, most men like to look at women, who are, you know, larger,
she said.  No, I think youre just fine, I said, now I want you
to do a few things for me, okay, I asked.  Ill try, she said. 
Youll be fine, I said, now lets walk around the room again so I
can have a good look at you, I said, but when you come back,
stand behind the sofa.

Virginia moved about the room and I could see her ass move
beneath her panties.  As she turned with those long legs, I could
just imagine her pussy in front of me.  Even with her heels on,
there wasnt much bounce to her tits, though they were nicely
proportioned to the rest of her body.  As she finished her walk
about and returned to behind the sofa as I instructed her to bend
over.

As she bent over, she looked down at herself to check about how
exposed her breasts were to me in this position.  Either resigned
or satisified with herself, she asked if this was okay.  Yes, I
said youre doing fine, now I want you to slide your straps off
and bend over again.

Virginia straightened up, then pushed each strap down and then
bent over, but this time not quite so far.  Mrs. Hammond, I said,
you need to bend further so I can see your tits, I said.  I think
I shocked her with the language, but never the less she leaned
forward and I could see how her tits were hanging beneath her,
yet still within the bra.  Now thats very sexy, I said and you
do have nice tits.  Thank you she mumbled.  Now lower one of your
shoulders just a bit, I said.  As she dropped her right shoulder,
her tit just about tumbled from the cup of the bra, but I could
clearly see the smooth skin and pear shape tit almost to her
nipple.

So tell me Mrs. Hammond, I began, do you like for me to be
looking at your tits like this, I asked?  No, I guess Im a
little uncomfortable, she replied.  Well then I continued, do you
like your husband to look at your tits.  Yes, I would suppose so,
she said.  And do you like your tits played with, I asked.  Yes,
she said.  And then I guess you also like your nipples played
with also.  Yes, she replied.  And does all of this excite you a
little or a lot, I asked.  Sort of in between she said.

Very well, I said, now slowly take your bra off and put it with
the rest of your things.  Virginia straighten up, then reached
behind her and undid the 2 hooks holding the bra and slipped the
straps from her arms as the bra fell away from her.  Hold it,
just a second I said, causing her to pause and stare at me.  I
picked up the digital camera and took a few stills of her holding
her bra and of her tits.  I then had her come and pose for the
digital on the sofa so I could see and record her in many
different ways.

Finally, I said, okay, Mrs. Hammond put the bra over there.  She
got up and walked to the chair and draped the bra over the
blouse, then turned and started back towards me, now in just her
shoes, stockings and panties.  Hold it, I said.  When you walk
now, Id like you to liven the pace some so that your tits
giggle.  Virginia had stopped, but no matter how she tried, she
just couldnt keep up the giggle as she walked about, so I had
her stand in place and by putting her hands on her flat belly,
she could shake herself some and her tits danced on her chest.

You sure do have perky tits, I said.  Now lets see what we can do
about having some perky nipples, I said.  How about you play with
your nipples so I can get some pictures of them when they are
nice and hard, I said.

Virginia, hesitated, then pinched one of her nipples and tried to
roll it between her fingers.  Man, was she horny, it didnt take
but a second for her nipples to be standing on edge, begging to
be sucked.

I didnt stop her, but let her continue to play with herself,
till she reached the point where she emitted a small reflex type
moan as she pulled on one of her nipples.  I then had her pose in
different positions as I used the digital to snap close up
pictures of her playing with her nipples.

Next I had her sit with her legs spread, legs raised and bending
over taking pictures of her cute butt as she did so.  Mrs.
Hammond, I said, now pull your panties down over your ass, I
said.  She reached for the waistband and flipped the panty down
so I could see her naked ass, which I was busy snapping close up
pictures of with the digital.  Now pull them up, and turn around
I said.

She did so, and turned to face me.  Now this time, I said, I want
you to pull your panties down as you face me, I said.  She
reached for the waistband again, and this time lowered her
panties to her hips, and then pushed them down over her stockings
and let them fall to floor where she stepped out of them, leaving
her in just her heels and stockings, in front of me.

Mrs. Hammond, I said, I believe that we might have a problem. 
What kind of a problem, she asked.  Im unable to see your pussy,
I said.  Oh, she said somewhat bewildered.  Yes, I said, you
havent shaved your pussy, so how can I see it, but we can fix
that, I said.

Oh, no we shouldnt, she said.  What is the problem, I asked.  My
husband she said.  Dont you think hed like to see your naked
pussy, I asked her?  I dont know she said,   Well, Ill take
some photos of you now, but really think were going have to
clean you up.  I mean, I continued, you shaved your legs, and
under your arms, so certainly I should be able to see your pussy
without a lot of hair everywhere.

So, lets try this, I said.  I had her sit down once again on the
sofa and begin to spread her legs while I photographed her hairy
pussy.  Then I moved her to her knees and photographed her
asshole and pussy from behind.  In some of the picture, I had her
hold herself open for the camera lens.

You ever show yourself like this to your husband or maybe an old
boyfriend, I asked.  No, she replied, I dont think so.  But, I
continued, Im sure youve seen some pictures or maybe even some
porn havent you?  Not really, she said.  Mrs. Hammond, I said
with a smirk, you mean to tell me that youve never ever flashed
your pussy or your tits to tease your husband?  Not just even a
little, I asked?   No, she said, without any hestitation.  Well,
I said, hes been missing out on a lot.   Now go sit in that
chair, I said, pointing to a straight back chair with wooden
arms.

Virginia moved to the chair and sat down facing me.  I moved to
her, and reached out and grabbed her nipple.  Before she could
react I had a firm grasp and was stretching her tit as I lifted
it by the nipple.  Oh, she said, both astonished by my move and
as a reaction to my touching her.  Letting go, I stepped behind
her and reach over each shoulder and began to fondle her tits. 
Now these are nice tits, I whispered in her ear as I squeezed
each and use my finger and thumb to toy with the nipples.  Ever
been titty fucked, I asked.  No, she said as she squirmed a
little in the chair.

As her nipples turned into hard erasers, I whispered for her to
raise her legs.  Virginia brought those long legs up and planted
the bottom of each foot on the seat cushion alongside each hip. 
Now how can I see your pretty pussy like that, I whispered, then
drove my tongue into one of her ears.  She squirmed about,
saying, I dont know.  Put a leg over each armrest I said.

Virginia moved each leg over the armrest.  I then let go of her
tits and stretched over her to reach her knees and pulled each
leg further back on the armrest.  Now, I said quietly along side
her head, I want you to be still while I look at your pretty
pussy.  I moved around to the front of the chair and took the
digital and began clicking off photos of her open pussy. 
Virginia, I said, now use your hands and open yourself up even
wider, I said.

Virginia lowered her hands between her legs and to either side of
her pussy.  Holding the labias with fingers from each, she
spread herself open even further.  Bet your husbands never seen
this either, I said, as the flash went off over and over again. 
Stepping back, I encouraged her to smile for me, and continued to
snap away with the camera.
Okay now Mrs. Hammond, I said I want you to put your fingertip on
your clit and just rub it a little for the camera.  As she rub
her clit a little, I took photos of her doing it and of her
facial expressions.   To add to the fun a little, I slipped my
finger into her pussy, photographing what I was doing, and asked
her if she liked being finger fucked.  Virginia didnt say a
word, but remained focused on playing with her clit.  I pulled my
finger from her pussy and pushed it against her little butt hole
to capture her reaction for the record.

Finally, I took her hand away and pulled her legs down as she
looked at me disappointed.  Lets go into the bedroom, I said.  We
walked to the first floor bedroom and I moved Virginia onto the
bed.  Enjoy showing me your tits and pussy, I asked.  Yes, she
said, then laid back and spread her legs and resumed stroking
herself, as she asked me, if I liked watching her.

I assured her that I did, and then moved away and stepped into
the bathroom and pulled a towel, shaving cream, scissors and
razor from the cabinet, then returned to the bedroom.

Okay Mrs. Hammond I said, lets take care of this, shall we, as I
spread the towel on top of the bed.  She moved onto the towel and
spread her legs for me.  I took the scissors and began to cut off
the majority of the hair that covered her.  Next I filled my hand
with some shaving scream and rubbed it all over her pussy.  I
then told her to hold still and started to shave the hairs from
and around her pussy.   When I finished I had a raging hard on
from having seen her perform all this time and from enjoying the
sight and feel of her pussy as I shaved her.

With her now bald pussy, I again had her pose for me from the
front and back each time showing me her newly shaved pussy.  When
she was on her hand and knees I guided her so her head was at the
edge of the bed, and I got on the bed behind her.

Virginia, I said, I want you to hold still, okay.  Ill try, she
said.  I started tracing her labia with my finger and told her I
wanted to be certain that she was smooth.  I then used my hands
to pull her cheeks further apart and then ran my finger over her
anus.  She jumped slightly at my touch.

Is your ass a virgin hole, I asked?  Yes, she said.  Mrs.
Hammond, I said with a smirk, you mean that your husband has
never fucked your ass.  No, she said.  Would you like me to fuck
your ass, I asked.  No, yes, I dont know, she said adding, it
will hurt.  While we were talking I continued to play with her,
and then managed to slip my finger inside her.  Does that hurt, I
asked.  No, she said.  You like my finger in your ass, I asked
her.  Yes, yes it feels good, she said.

I moved my finger around and she moaned a little.  Then I reached
under her between her legs with my other arm and grabbed one of
her tits.  Oh, she moaned, as I pulled on the tit and began to
just move my hand to pinch her nipple and moved my finger inside
her ass.  So tell me Mrs. Hammond, I said, tell me how Mr.
Hammond and you fuck.

Oh please, must I she asked.  Yes, I said, or I stop doing what
Im doing, I said, removing my hand from her tit and starting to
pull my finger from her ass.  No, no please dont stop, Ill tell
you anything, she said.  I pushed my finger a little deeper into
her and then moved my thumb to start rubbing her pussy and the
tender area between her anus and pussy.  Im waiting, I said.

We get into bed, she began.  You mean you decide to fuck and get
into bed, I asked.  No, I mean we get ready for bed, and then
once were in the bed..Oh Christ, she wailed as I tweaked her
nipple.then sometimes will touch me and then well kiss before
making love. She said.

Well I know he doesnt play with your virgin ass, I said, but
does he play with your pussy, I asked her.  Yes, she said, he
likes to touch me.  Do you like to be touched, I asked.  Yes,
yes, please dont stop, she said.

And what about your tits, I asked.  He suck on them and pinch
your nipples, which I did as I asked it.  Virginia jumped as if
hit by a lighting bolt.  Yes, no, I mean sometimes he like to. 
Likes to what, I pushed her.  Likes to kiss my breasts, she said.


Mrs. Hammond, I said, breasts are in the doctors office.  Here
you have tits, do you understand.  Yes, she said.  And what is
this, I asked as I pushed my thumb over your labia.  Its my
pussy, she said.  Good girl, and where is my finger, I asked. 
Inside me, she said.  Inside where, I asked.  Inside my asshole
she replied.

Very good I said, now, what do you do with Donalds cock, I
asked.  What do you mean, she asked. Well do you touch him?  
Yes, yes, Im sorry.  Yes, I touch him and then help him go
inside of me. Do you like to suck on his cock, I asked.   She was
silent.  Mrs. Hammond, do you suck Donalds cock and lick his
balls, I asked.  No, she said.

Dont you like cock, I asked?  Yes, yes she said.  Would you like
to feel my cock, I asked.  Oh, yes please, she begged me.  What
do you want to do with my cock, I ask.  I want you to fuck me,
she said.  Thats not what I asked you Mrs. Hammond, so you lose,
I said and I stopped feeling her tit and withdrew my finger from
her ass.

Stay there, I said as I took the digital and took some close ups
of her now open asshole.  Then I told her to bend her elbows and
put her head down.  With her ass higher, I took some more photos
and even spread her pussy open for some nice close up of it as
well.

She was in her fifties, yet still inexperienced in a lot of
things, so I didnt want to push her too far too soon, so I went
into the bathroom and washed my hands before returning to her. 
My cock softened a little, which was a good thing, as I brought
her back up to her hands and knees.  Then standing in front of
her, I rubbed my cock over her face.

Kiss my cock, I said.  She hesitated a minute, the kissed the
head, like a quick kiss on the cheek.  Thats a good start, I
said, now here is what were going to do, I said.  I climbed onto
the bed and lay on my back.  Turn around here I said.  Virginia
turned around and looked at me.  Now Mrs. Hammond, I want you to
start sucking my cock, I said and when you get it nice and hard,
then Im going to fuck you with it and after that, Im going to
fuck your ass with it and after that Ive got a special treat for
you before you go home, I said.

I pulled her down on me, and could feel her breath on my cock.  I
wedged my hand between her legs and parted them a little as I
started to finger her pussy, then moved to rub her clit, saying
better hurry, your pussy wants my cock in it.  Then it started,
for what I believe was she first time, the 59yr old ran her
tongue over the head of a cock, which was happily mine.

Dont your girlfriends at the club talk about sucking cock, I
asked.  Now you can join in, I continued.  Her mouth was against
the head of my cock, so I reached to hold her head and pushed my
hips up, easily slipping into her mouth.  Good girl I said not
use your tongue to lick around and suck more of the shaft into
your mouth, I said.

 Initially Virginia gagged a bit, but continued to service my
cock as it swelled in her mouth.  Suddenly either instinct took
over, or something because Virginias head was bobbing up and
down on my cock and her hand was stroking me double time. I was
worried about losing it, so I pulled her head from my cock and
pulled her on top of me.

With her straddling me, I held my cock and watched as her pussy
slid done the pole taking me deep into her pussy.  Now fuck me
Mrs. Hammond, I said.  She started to ride me hard and in a few
minutes I pulled her down towards me and I began to move between
both tits, sucking and nibbling her nipples.  I could feel her
muscles closing around my cock and pulling me her.  Soon I
flipped her onto her back and pushed her long legs up and around
my shoulder, as I started to pound her with every thrust into her
pussy.  Oh Christ she said, Im cumming, dont stop, please dont
stop, fuck me, she cried out.  I continued to do just that, and
using my hands against her tits to steady myself and pinch her at
the same time.

I felt myself getting ready to cum, so I quickly withdrew from
her cunt and moved to her face.  Virginia, I said, open your
mouth and suck my cock, I said.  Oh yes, please she said and I
shoved my cock into her mouth.

As she clamped down on my cock and started to suck it she began
to taste her own juices, and then I came in her mouth.  Swallow,
I said, swallow.  She half coughed once, but managed to keep her
mouth shut and began to swallow most of my load.

I immediately move down and spread her legs once again, as I
started to finger her pussy with three fingers, and licked her
clit as she thrust her hips up towards me.  Please, no more, no
more she said.  We need some more for the pictures, I said,
remember the agreement.

I reached under the bed, and pulled up my wonderful toy.  It was
a small variable speed motor with a crankshaft mount on it, which
in turn was coupled to a shaft which ended inside a bored out 12
dildo.  I moved into the 69 position and Virginia began to slowly
lick and suck my cock, but her view of anything else was totally
blocked.

I raised her legs and spread them open as I started to play with
her pussy.  I guided the dildo to her opening and slowly inserted
it into her love hole.  Virginia moaned and started to move her
hips I turned the dial slowly on the motor and the dildo started
moving in and out of her pussy.  As I pushed myself off of her,
she released my cock and soon I stood along side the bed, as the
dildo drove in and out of her pussy.

I lifted her shoulders and propped her up with several pillows.
Then I kissed her and began playing with her tits.  The machine
continued to silently fuck her.  I picked up the digital again,
and took some more still photos of the scene.   Finishing, I
again went to the motor and slowly increased the speed.  Virginia
moaned and screamed Im cumming, but the machine doesnt care and
just continued to slam into her dripping pussy over and over
again.

Please, please she begged, stop the machine.  I slowed the motor
to the slow strokes once again and started to rub my hand over
Virginias clit.  Oh no, please, I cant she said, as she started
to once again buck her hips as the dildo moved in and out, in and
out, over and over again.

Mrs. Hammond I said, Ill turn it off on 2 conditions. Yes,
anything, oh Christ Im going to cum, she said again.  Want to
know the conditions, I asked.   No, I mean yes, she said.  You
glad Fran told you about this, I asked.   Yes.oh Christ she
said again, as I turned up the speed just slightly.   Then I want
you to thank Fran by sucking her tits and licking her pussy, I
said.   Oh no, please she began, but I turned up the speed a
little and suddenly, Yes Yes, anything, yes Ill lick her pussy.
And, I said, I get to fuck your virgin ass.   Okay, yes,
anything, please stop the machine.oh I cant cum, but I need
to.please help me she begged.  I turned the motor to the max.
speed and Virginia pulled at her tits and reached for her clit as
she erupted in one large final screaming, clawing seizure of a
climax.

I cut the power and pulled the dildo from her still swollen pussy
and moved it to under the bed, then climbed onto the bed and held
her in my arms.  Virginia exhaled and pushed up against me as she
began to relax.  That was wonderful, she said.

After a few minutes, I moved and said, spread your legs.  No, no
please, Im so sore, she said.  I pushed her legs open, without
much resistance, and looked at her freshly shaved and fucked
pussy.  Then, I lowered my head and clamped my mouth over her,
driving my tongue into her slit.  Oh no, not again, please dont
she said, I cant take it, she begged.  Relax Mrs. Hammond, I
said, I just dont want you to lose that edge, so when I fuck
your ass, youll really enjoy it.

No, no I cant, youll hurt me, she said.  But you promised, I
said.  Im sorry, she said, I just cant, but Ill make it up to
you, she said.  What are you going to do, I quipped, refer me to
all your friends.  Yes, I can do that, she said.

Yea, right, I said, I can hear it now.  Hi friend, would you like
to be fucked?   If so, contact.my voice trailed off laughing. 
Dont laugh said Virginia, things have a way of happening, she
said.   Didnt Fran introduce me, she asked.  Yes, I said, but.
No buts, she replied, youd be surprised and the only thing Id
say to you is that I dont think the little camera will be
acceptable.   Can I get dressed now and leave she asked.

Certainly, I said, you were always free to leave anytime you
wanted.  I need to use the bathroom, she said.  Over there, I
said, but leave the door open, in case I want to watch.  Youre
horrible, she said, giving me a quick kiss as she got out of bed
and headed to the bathroom.

I need to go now, she said, heading out of the bedroom to get her
cloths.  Sitting naked, I watch her dress, then look in a mirror
and fix her makeup and hair.  Ready to walk out the door, I said,
Mrs. Hammond, you going to say a proper goodbye to you new best
friend, and waved my semi-hard cock at her.

She came over to me, and I said, on your knees.  She got down on
her knees in front of me and I rubbed my cock against her lips. 
She took hold of me and kissed and licked my entire cock, then
looked up at me.  Go ahead, I said, you know you want to.

Smiling she opened her mouth and.
