Alice's Trip To The Mall
by embarrassedalice

Alice becomes a reluctant model for a new massage chair.

Alice stopped in at the home electronics store, exhausted from her busy day of errands. She plopped down in one of the massage chairs near the back of the store, reaching for the remote, when a perky sales assistant appeared.

"Excellent choice! This is our newest model, just arrived today. It has a ton of cool features I can demo for you if you like?" Alice mentally resigned herself to the sales pitch, when all she'd wanted was fifteen minutes of robot pressure.

"The chair has a zero gravity feature, but holds you into place with some delicious pressure down your arms and legs." Jane pressed a button, tilting Alice back and pulling her legs up until her body resembled a v, with her ass at the apex. The sudden movement had rearranged Alice's tennis skirt, settling the fabric near the tops of her thighs and leaving her close to exposure. There were built in "shorts" so she had opted for no panties, but the half inch inseam and day of walking meant the narrow gusset had been nearly swallowed by her pussy's puffy lips. Alice tried to reach over to adjust her skirt but her arm was trapped in the squeezing air pockets. While the other models on the floor would have allowed her to keep her thighs together, the squeezing pockets on this chair extended up the thighs, encapsulating her legs individually, nearly to her ass.

A couple of men had wandered over to watch the display, so Alice didn't voice her concerns with Jane to avoid drawing attention to her issue. Besides, her pussy was still covered so it wasn't a real problem.

Jane continued her demonstration, hitting another button, "The unique placement of air pockets on this model allows for therapeutic posture correction," Alice felt her shoulders forced down and chest moved forward, thrusting her tits outward. "It also uses vibrations to relax the muscles and relearn proper posture." Alice had chosen only a snug crop top that morning and the sudden vibrations meant her sizable tits were suddenly jiggling for the four men watching. The top, under pressure, was also slowly inching up her ribcage, hem closing in on the bottom of her bust. Before it could make its way past the last centimeter, the vibrating stopped.

"I'll run it through the standard massage demo cycle as well, so you can get a taste for the sensations." Alice was cursing herself for wearing such a slutty outfit to the mall today. When she put it on this morning she had felt cute and a little sexy, but now that she was being ogled by this group of dads, she felt very much like a slutty display. The embarrassment, plus the massage cycle, was slowly starting to turn her on. Every time the mechanical hands reached her ribs, Alice's tits would jiggle, mesmerizing the men. She could see her nipples hardening and feel the gusset of her shorts slowly soak.

One of the men turned to Jane, "Does the chair have any other features? It looks like it's a couple thousand higher than any of the other models y'all have."

Jane brightened, "Yes, a couple actually! The limbs are articulated so the machine can help you stretch," she tapped another button, "as you can see, her arms are being pulled away from her chest, allowing it to open up in a stretch." To Alice's dismay, the hem of her shirt was starting to ride up again, soon clearing the bottom of her tits and providing an enticing view.

"Uhmm, can you pause the machine really quickly?"

"Of course!" Jane turned to the remote, tapping a couple buttons. Nothing happened. "Hmm, it looks like the demo cycle is locked in, we're just going to have to wait it out. I'll definitely send a note in about the issue."

Alice stared at her, cheeks flushed. Her top was slowly inching higher and higher on her tits, close to baring her nipple. She kept trying to free her arms, but they were securely locked in and spread fully to either side. "Could you maybe pull my shirt down a little?" she whispered, her face glowing with embarrassment.

Jane and the men all focused in on Alice's top. Her hard nipples could be seen through the thin fabric, and the massage cycle had reached her rib cage, causing the uncovered bottom of her full tits to gently shake with the vibrations. The fabric inched a little higher, uncovering a sliver of areola.

"Uhhmm-"

"Oh, of course!" Jane sprung into action, shaking herself free of the hypnotizing sight of Alice's tits. She grabbed the hem of Alice's top, accidentally exposing all of her tits at once before yanking the hem under her bust. The cycle continued once more, shaking the fabric up as Jane pulled it down again.

While Jane had been distracted by Alice's wayward tits, one of the men had picked up the remote, "So you mentioned that all the limbs were articulated, right?" Before Jane could do anything, he had tapped a button and Alice's legs were being pulled up and slowly apart. The moving legs had slid her further down the seat, the gusset of her shorts deeper between her pussy lips, and the fabric of her shirt higher, so her tits were now fully exposed as they gently bounced. Alice was mortified into total shock and Jane seemed baffled about what to do next. Alice's widespread legs meant the men had an excellent view of her plump, glistening lips, split down the middle by the soaking gusset of her shorts.

The men crowded around the remote, "It looks like there's another feature here?" Jane reached for the remote but one of the men had already pressed the button. Alice's torso was lowered and a dildo rose out of the chair's seat, positioning itself at Alice's entrance. She couldn't see it from her angle, only learning about it existence when it moved forward to fuck her. The gusset on her shorts prevented penetration, so Jane and the men watched as the head repeatedly advanced before reaching Alice's pussy and sliding upwards.

"Can you please make that stop?!"

"Oh, right, I'm sure the fabric's very uncomfortable!" One of the men moved forward, ripping Alice's gusset open, and guiding the dildo into her pussy.

Alice shrieked, her hips writhing as she was penetrated.

"No! I meant stop the dildo!!"

Jane blushed, fumbling with the remote, "Oh my gosh yes, I'm so sorry!" She tapped furiously at the remote but only succeeded at causing the dildo to begin vibrating. A couple more taps caused a slick gush and lewd, wet noises as the dildo continued on, it looked like the machine had been given a lube reserve.

Alice moaned, unable to keep it back. This was full sensory overload, basically every nerve in her body being stimulated while she was being watched. One of the men, seemingly mesmerized, reached forward to tug at her nipples, pulling her tits up and causing another moan as she writhed. He pinched and rolled her exposed nipples between his fingers before fully wrapping his hands around her bouncing tits. The sensation and humiliation caused Alice to topple over into an orgasm, her body bucking wildly as it tried to escape all the stimulation. As the orgasm subsided, Alice's body twitched a couple of times.

The machine seemed to sense that she had orgasmed, withdrawing the dildo to reveal her pussy, dripping with lube and her own juices. The arms and legs returned to neutral and the air pockets released her. Alice tried to stand, but her knees were so shaky she nearly collapsed. The men reached for her, managing to fit in a couple gropes as they righted her. She quickly adjusted her top, but the ripped gusset of her skort was left dangling past the hem.

Jane moved forward, desperate to be helpful, "I'm so, so sorry, we've never seen a glitch like that before!! Here, I'll tidy up your skirt before you leave and give you some free products!!" Jane had Alice's skirt up in seconds, neatly slicing away what remained of the attached shorts and fully exposing her pussy and ass to the assorted men once more. Once she finished, she grabbed some products and tossed them in a bag before nearly pushing Alice out the store. Jane definitely didn't want her there when her manager returned from her break.

Alice stumbled out of the mall still in shock before heading toward the train station, bag of "product" in hand.
