Miniel huddled inward in the darkness, wrapping his wings around himself for
added warmth. He kept his eyes open, as wide as they could go, both out of panic
and so that he would not miss the first sign of light.

Today, his punishment would end, or so Hata, the guard, had said. Miniel
wasn't sure if this was actually true -- he'd lost track of time in the weeks
he'd been kept in this pit and Hata could very well have lied just to make
things worse.

He wrapped his arms around himself and jerked when the door opened, spilling
painful light in. He managed a smile, started to rise.

"Don't bother getting up," Hata said, laughing.

Hata was thin, as many demons were, with the thick dark eyelashes of most of
the non-Court demons and a whiptail of purple hair. He was less a guard and more
the man who brought food and water -- as he had with him.

"You said it ended today," Miniel said, startled to hear his voice
so harsh.

"It does," Hata said agreeably. "Only I get to decide WHEN
today and thought why not right before midnight?" He laughed again.

Miniel licked his lips. "That's not fair," he managed, which drew a
third laugh.

"Well," Hata said, "What would you pay me to make it more
fair, hmm? Ah, that's actually a rhetorical question -- everyone knows that YOU
have only one way of paying for things. So, how about it?"

He lowered his eyes, licking his lips again. The darkness seemed to press
around him, whisper-smooth, and he shuddered. He knew even if he said no, he'd
throw himself at the door later and beg, do anything, to get the touch of that
darkness off of him.

"All right," he said, and started to strip.

It was over a short while later, and Hata left the door open when he left.
Miniel used his water ration to clean himself, then refastened his clothing
tiredly and headed down the Punishment halls back to his room.

The door opened easily, and all was as he'd left it. He stared numbly at the
bed for a few moments, so exhausted that he was hard pressed to know what it was
for, then stumbled over and fell into its softness.

Miniel grabbed a pillow and held it, tight, face buried in its warmth.

That was how he fell asleep.

He woke on his back, laid out perfectly, the pillow tucked behind his head.
Somewhat refreshed, he turned his head and saw, not too surprisingly, that the
Leviathan was there. Leaning against the wall, farther back, was Omael.

After a moment of silence, the Leviathan raised one eyebrow and Miniel
remembered respect, took the Leviathan's hand, and touched his lips to it.
"My lord," he murmured, trying not to put any tone to the words -- he
knew if he did, the tone would be sour.

The Leviathan pulled his hand away. "We had such high hopes for
you," he said, his voice one of parental regret. "And your mission was
a failure. No wonder, considering your sloppy execution."

Miniel lowered his eyes, both because it was expected and because he didn't
want the spark of anger to show. Whose fault was that? he groused to
himself. I was told to do it right away -- I didn't have time for research.
It was DOOMED to fail.

"We are willing to be merciful, however," the Leviathan said, and
Miniel firmly schooled his expression. The demon was continuing. "We will
give you one more chance -- bring Mikael to us."

Miniel digested this. "How? My Lord," he added. "Mikael is in
Heaven, and I can't go there--"

"It is your mission; you will choose its method," The Leviathan
said, and the force of his voice shoved Miniel back into the cushions. "If
you do not succeed, our punishment will not be as lenient as this last was. That
is all." He rose, swept blue robes around, and drifted out.

"Fuck," Miniel said forcefully, once he was sure the Leviathan was
out of earshot.

"Indeed," said Omael.

Miniel's blood flashed cold; he'd forgotten that Omael had been in the room.
"I didn't -- I--"

"It's quite all right," Omael said, the corners of his lips turned
down primly. "Shall I make tea?"

The fallen angel hesitated, uncertain of what Omael was getting at. "I'd
die for a cup of tea," he finally ventured.

The prim look was replaced with a minute smile. "I doubt that."
Omael nevertheless pushed away from the wall and into a side room, where the
sounds of a kettle being filled drifted out for a few moments.

Miniel buried his face in his hands and was still like that when Omael
returned.

"It's steeping," Omael said and Miniel jerked his head up.

"Oh," he said. "Thank you."

That prim look was back. "What do you plan to do?"

Miniel sighed, tucked his hair behind his ears. "I don't know," he
admitted. "I--"

"You're an idiot, you know," Omael told him.

That took him by surprise. "W--what?"

"What are you doing here?" the Recorder gestured around him.
"You're too weak for this. Why did you fall?"

They betrayed you, Miniel. All of them -- Angel of Lust? What an insult.
They laugh at you, the heavenly whore. The things that Uriel and Cassiel say --
and you go blithely about life, not even hearing the laughter. You thought
Cassiel was the tag-along on your team? Hardly. Uriel was the popular one,
Cassiel was the smart one. You were just the slut. What loyalty do you owe them?
They betrayed you.

"Why not?" Miniel said, rubbing his head. "Is there any reason
I shouldn't have?"

Omael snorted. "Survival, perhaps? You're certainly not strong enough to
survive in the Court. I admit curiosity; your friends were asses, but you seemed
so close with them."

"They don't matter," Miniel said, teeth gritting.

"I see. Well, since Cassiel is your only chance of getting into Heaven,
and getting into Heaven is your only chance to get Mikael and thus survive, he
had better start mattering."

Miniel stared at Omael. "What's it to you?"

"The tea is ready. One moment." Omael brushed imaginary dust off
his sleeve and turned to head into the kitchen again, heavy braids moving over
his shoulders like snakes.

Picking at the blanket with his fingernails, Miniel scowled. Why was Omael
acting like this? What did he possibly have to gain?

Omael returned with a tray and two cups of tea -- Miniel's had sugar but no
milk, just as he liked it, and he wondered suspiciously how Omael had known.
"I'm serious," he insisted. "Why do you care?"

The Recorder finished with the tray and took a sip of his own tea.
"Consider this: I am not a fallen angel or a demon, and yet the place I
belong is here. I do not belong in Heaven; it hurts me to be there, and I cannot
trust anyone. I am comfortable here, I am content. You fell, and yet your place
is still in heaven. Hell will destroy you."

"Yeah, well," Miniel said, "even if I didn't have any reason
to have left, nobody there would ever trust ME again. I can't go back. Why don't
you just fall?"

Omael's eyes changed as Miniel watched. Their pupillessness was always
disturbing, as though you couldn't tell he was looking at you, but now they
rippled, like a disturbed pool of water. Darker and lighter tones faded in and
out of them. Miniel stared, fascinated.

"I can't fall," Omael said, voice unsteady. "No matter what I
do, what evils I commit, and I try so hard, but I cannot fall. He won't let me,
he won't LET me--" Omael's voice was rising to a panicked shout and the
teacup slipped from his fingers.

Miniel watched it fall to the floor and shatter there.

"I'm sorry," Omael said, toneless. "Let me clean that
up."

Miniel sat on the edge of the hard mattress, hands cupped around the teacup.
He could see the reflection of his face in it, shrunk down in the reflection so
that it fit inside the cup, small, so small.

He looked tired.

After a while, he made the effort to lift the cup to his lips, arms heavy.
The tea was cold and he put the cup down. There was no point in drinking cold
tea. He was already cold enough.

He could feel himself start to shake, feel some kind of odd pressure building
inside him. He bit down on his lip and tasted blood.

Dancing, dancing. The temple lights would flicker in the breezes; faces
blurred as he circled, arms whirling his cloak around him, showing his body,
hiding it, showing it.

It was the rite of spring. He was supposed to make it look weightless,
infinite. It was the coupling of goddess and humanity.

He was supposed to--

His ankle turned under him and he went down silently, still spinning, and
then rough hands were grabbing at him, because although he failed, he still
represented fertility, still--

He was cold; he had to get warm. He rose, forcing memories away, and headed
to the bathroom and the shower.

The shower was four feet by four feet. All walls were mirrored; he stepped in
naked and his nakedness was reflected into infinity.

The spray whirred on and he stared at himself as the wetness traced his body
like a lover's hands. The red of his lip blurred and spread -- blood, from where
he'd bitten himself. He saw bruises. His eyes, his lips, along his chest, legs,
genitals. Between what he'd sold and what he'd beaten himself while locked in
the Pit, attempting to sense something, anything, even pain--

He barely looked like himself. He turned his head and met the eyes of another
reflection of himself, unable to escape himself in the mirrors. Wet hair
plastered to his cheeks, darkened nearly brown by the water.

He shivered, the chill air infiltrating the shower so that he was both hot
and cold at the same time. He watched goosebumps rise on his own skin.

The shower whirred off and he picked glass shards out of his hands. The
million fractured reflections followed his motions, unkillable.

Time then for earth. Yes, a change of pace was what he needed, Miniel
decided, though it meant nothing anymore. What the Leviathan asked of him was
impossible. What Omael expected was impossible. It was hopeless, but at least he
wouldn't die here; would make sure he would not return, would at least die on
earth.

He packed a small trunk; there was no point in taking anything much. He
needed little. His fingers closed around soft blue cloth and he heard the ring
of bells, remembering--

Spinning, spinning, light, wings fanning out around him. Their rustle and
the bells on his clothing combined for an odd symphony, made more complex by the
clapping of Uriel's hands in an ancient drum rhythm -- pat pat patapat pat
patapat. Pat pat patapat pat patapat.

He was laughing, spinning, wings outstretched to catch the breeze so that the
next leap he took sent him literally airborne, back arching, knees drawn up,
curving backward until finally his legs were kicked over his head and his aching
wings lost the brush of wind and he came down hard, landing on his feet to spin
away again, reach for his target.

Cassiel squeaked as Miniel grabbed him, forearm to forearm, spinning the
smaller angel up. He watched Cassiel's wings spread automatically and that
lifted Miniel up as Cassiel caught the wind, a kite to test the air. They span,
off balance as both tried to control the impromptu flight, then tumbled to the
dirt together. The rhythm of Uriel's hands broke off into laughter and Miniel
could feel Cassiel gasping for breath -- of course, the laughter, the fall -- of
course it was airless, of course

Miniel shuddered, shoved the clothing into his bag and zipped it up, slinging
it over one shoulder. He pulled his wings into his body -- he wasn't sure where
to find Cassiel and it would be easier to stay visible for that time, so he must
pass for human after all.

He took a deep, steadying breath, and left his room, left the residential
quarters.

A noise rose. It sounded like metal under pressure, like ice heating. It took
Miniel a moment to realize that it was a scream, and coming from the Punishment
Halls.

Blackness pressed in on him. For a moment, inexplicably, the walls and floor
vanished -- he could see nothing, feel nothing, hear nothing, eyes opened wide
onto nothing that pushed like water fathoms deep, silence so thick that his ears
hurt, popped, perhaps bled but he couldn't feel it but what he did feel was the
earth key when he reached for it and he pulled on it, begging in silent tears, away,
away, away--

The blackness pushed in harder for a moment and then lightened into colour
behind his eyelids then once more into blackness. He felt the ground hit him,
hard, and then finally peace.

When he woke, he could hear the sound of someone making tea.

Miniel squeezed his eyes shut, not wanting to wake up to lose that peace, to
find Omael in his kitchen, making tea with motions like an automaton.

But the coarse blanket pulled up over his naked shoulders, the feel and smell
of hard ground -- those weren't associated with the nightmare his life had
become.

Naked. Wrapped around in a coarse blanket.

He opened his eyes, saw something perhaps worse than his room in Hell.
Cassiel sat there, legs dangling into the trench which Miniel was lying in --
grave-like, his mind flashed at him. A pot of tea and two plastic mugs sat
beside him.

Cassiel's face was blank but for mild concern, like a mask fit into place.
Miniel searched his memory for the last time he had seen that mask; couldn't
remember a time since they'd become angels.

"I made tea," Cassiel murmured. "Peppermint. You look as
though you haven't eaten in a while. This will help calm your stomach."

You were always so jealous of him.

Miniel sat up, fast, felt the world spin and grabbed the edge of the trench
to steady himself. "Where--"

"I'm still working at Bath," Cassiel said, eyes not leaving Miniel.

"I have a little room for when I get to bed, but since you popped in here,
I decided it was better not to move you. You're a mess."

I see those things. That's what I do, Miniel, I see those things.

Shaking, unable to look away from Cassiel, Miniel reached out and took the
mug. It had a few cracks, as if it had been knocked around a few times by
someone who wasn't careful with what he was carrying. He sipped, tasted the mint
strongly. It burned a little at the back of his throat, hot and thick.

"Who did this to you?"

Miniel stared at him blankly, unable to figure out the question. Who... made
him fall? Who had caused him to bleed? Who had sent him back to Cassiel?

"You're all over for bruises."

...Was that the hint of a British accent that he could hear in Cassiel's
voice? Miniel stared, wondering when everything had changed so much.

Cassiel's expression hardened from concern into patience. "I know you
can talk, Miniel." His voice was no louder, but was firmer somehow.
"You did it just a moment ago."

Miniel licked his lips, felt the sharp pull of pain of a split lip. "I
don't understand," he said, and his voice didn't sound like his own, too
high, on the verge of breaking.

The spare tea cup fell over and slopped tea on Cassiel's pants as Cassiel
shifted; the angel made a face and brushed at his pants with two fingers. It was
an ineffectual gesture. "You're cut up, you're bruised everywhere I've seen
-- I checked you for injuries. Who did that to you?"

Laughter bubbled up in Miniel's throat and though he tried to push it down it
came out anyway, little helpless hiccups. "I did it, Cassiel. Even the
things my hands didn't do, I did, don't you see? You say that you see things,
that that's what you do, so can't you see?"

Cassiel was leaning forward farther, eyebrows drawing downwards in confusion,
and Miniel turned away from the gaze, trying to stop the laughter, but when he
did tears came instead and that was worse.

He pulled his knees to his chest, the blanket falling from his shoulder, and
ducked his face as if that'd hide his tears. His mouth was running on, trying to
talk to keep the tears at bay, but he couldn't think of anything to say and when
words finally came out, they were the wrong words, ones he didn't want anyone to
hear, but there they were, teary, bubbly, spoken downwards as if to his teacup.

"...because, don't you see, I'm just a whore after all..."

At first he thought that his words had gone unheard. The silence stretched
on. He watched his teacup, the shine of reflection.

Finally, the silence was broken by the sound of rustling plastic. He raised
his eyes to see Cassiel holding out a sandwich to him.

"Here," Cassiel said. "You have to get your strength
back."

The afternoon lengthened intolerably, time slowing. He sat in the trench,
shivering from the occasional breeze, and Cassiel sat with him, silent. When
he'd finished both sandwich and tea, Cassiel rose and took the plastic and cup
away, leaving Miniel alone.

If he half-squinted, he could pretend it was the past. He could practically
reach out and touch the ancient Romans, in this place. It was an illusion; it
was already shattered by the metal rail, by the little battery-powered kettle
that Cassiel had been using. Anachronistic.

Another breeze gusted and he pulled the blanket up over his shoulder where it
had slipped.

Cassiel returned. "Come on," he murmured, holding out a hand to
Miniel.

He stared at Cassiel distrustfully. "Where are we going?"

"I have a room in a nearby hotel. You need to rest and get warm."

Cassiel would have had to manifest to get a room. Miniel's eyes narrowed.
"So the humans know you're here?"

"They don't see the wings or halo," Cassiel said. "Belief is a
powerful thing. To them, I'm just a student working on my Ph.D. If I'm gone for
more than a day, they forget I was here."

"You always did fade into the background," Miniel said.

Cassiel's brows creased, lips tightening as though he were sad or amused.
Miniel could not figure out which. "Yes," Cassiel murmured. "Take
my hand, Miniel. Let's get you inside."

Miniel hesitated a moment longer, then took Cassiel's hand. He was amazed;
he'd not realized how cold he'd actually been until he felt the heat of
Cassiel's hand in his. "I--"

"It's all right," Cassiel said, sighing. "You don't have to
say anything."

He gulped, swallowed air, nodded, and let Cassiel help him out of the trench.

Cassiel dropped his hand as soon as Miniel was on his feet, and Miniel hid a
small, bitter smile. Of course. But Cassiel had turned to go, apparently
expecting him to follow. For a moment, he considered staying just to spite the
Angel of Tears, but really, there was no point to that. Just rebellion.

He followed.

In the sunlight, Cassiel looked frail. He always had; wore oversized clothing
that he shrank into. Miniel took a few faster steps, caught up, turned his head
so he could look at Cassiel's profile.

Young. Cassiel still looked young after all this time. Back in the day,
sixteen had been adult. Now he looked childish, too young for any of this.
Miniel knew Cassiel had to be seeing him, but Cassiel looked straight ahead, and
kept walking.

Miniel's chest tightened. Hate me, love me. Don't ignore me.

"Why are you doing this?" he asked.

Cassiel hesitated a moment, a little stutter in his walk. "Doing
what?" He continued, looking straight ahead and a little down, his paces
even.

Angry, Miniel put his feet down hard as he walked. He didn't have the
patience to deal with such avoidance. He tried to keep his voice calm.
"Taking care of me."

Again, a tiny hesitation. "Miniel, you've been one of my best friends
for well over a thousand years. Of course I'm going to take care of you."

Miniel's hand trembled at his side from the effort of not hitting Cassiel.
"Do you know what I did?"

"We're here."

It was a tiny little bachelor's flat, consisting of a kitchenette, a tiny
bathroom with a shower, and a main room with one of those small English beds and
a small sofa shoved up against the free wall. No pictures hung on the wall; the
room was impersonal except for the books scattered over every available surface.

Cassiel never changed, apparently.

Uncertain of what he was supposed to do now, Miniel headed over to the sofa
and picked up a couple of the books that were strewn there. 'History of the
Kings of Britain' said one title. 'The Romans in Celtic Britain' was another.

"Why do you have these?" Miniel asked, sitting with the books in
his hands. "You were there."

"Point of view," Cassiel said. He was clanking around in the
kitchenette, and could hardly have seen what Miniel was referring to;
nevertheless, considering the lack of decoration, it probably didn't take too
much inference.

Miniel considered that. "You mean a twentieth-century perspective?"

The fridge door opened audibly and Cassiel's voice was muffled.
"Precisely. None of these authors were there. They have to guess how
things were, based on physical records, and the written records of the
victors."

Disgusted, Miniel plopped the books onto the floor. "Just lies,
then."

"Hardly."

Miniel stretched his legs out in front of him, tilting his head back against
the sofa back. "There are facts, and then there's what's written in those
books."

"Perspective can matter too," Cassiel murmured from in front of
him. Miniel looked up to see that he was being offered a scone piled three
inches high with jam and clotted cream. "Facts don't survive. Opinions do.
Perspective matters."

They ate, sitting on opposite sides of the sofa. The room was drenched in
nearly complete silence.

Miniel realized that his plate was empty and that the scone had been very
good. Belatedly, he licked a crumb off the corner of his mouth. He looked down
at the little plastic plate he'd been given and finally balanced it on the arm
of the sofa.

The silence stretched on.

Cassiel put his plate down, on top of some books.

"Aren't you going to ask me why?"

Miniel watched, almost smug, as Cassiel froze and turned to look at him.

Licking his lips, perhaps nervously, Cassiel said, "I believed that you
would tell me eventually."

"You know what I did?" Miniel leaned forward. Now or never. Hate
me. "I fucked Uriel and took over his body. I'm sure Raphael and his
new boy told you, but when I came to you I was hoping to get you to open the
gates of Heaven so a strike team could enter. It wouldn't have been the
Rebellion, but..." he trailed off, still leaning close to Cassiel.

"But it would still be a strike against Heaven, right?" Cassiel's
face was calm as he finished the sentence for Miniel, though his voice was
tight. "Yes. I was told this. In bits and pieces. Nobody wanted to tell me
what happened."

Miniel snorted, tilting his head back to stare at the slightly dusty shade
for the ceiling light. "I'd have thought they'd have reveled in it, letting
you know that I was the scum you always thought I was..."

There was sudden movement out of the corner of his eye, and Miniel looked
back to see that Cassiel had stood, was moving towards the door. "I always
thought the best of you, you know," Cassiel murmured, voice thick.
"I'm going to go and see if I can get extra blankets from reception. And an
extra pillow... I'll take the couch tonight."

Miniel stared after him, feeling quietly numb.

"And..." Cassiel hesitated. "Make yourself at home."

He left. Miniel wondered what he'd been about to say instead.

When the door opened again, it wasn't Cassiel who came through but instead a
dumpy middle-aged woman who seemed to represent British bed and breakfast owners
everywhere. He watched her, unconcerned, as she deposited a pile of folded linen
and a pillow on the bed. Idly, he thought that she would probably call him
"dear" if she decided to speak to him.

She straightened, one hand on her lower back. Turning, she ran a critical
blue eye over his sprawled form, apparently taking notes. Her lips pursed and
she tsked. "You're all bones, dear," she told him. "You should
take better care of yourself."

How ludicrous. He laughed, head falling back against the couch. It really
wasn't funny.

She crossed dumpy arms, arms that were good for rolling dough or carrying
children. "I'll make sure to send extra food up. Neither you or your friend
eats half as much as you should."

"Friend," he said. "Where is my 'friend', anyway?"

Almost nervously, she tucked a loose hair behind one ear. "He went out
to buy some items for you, dear." She winked at him. "Said that you
could be a bit high maintenance."

He closed his eyes, short of breath for a moment, throat tight.

"Well." Her voice showed hesitation, concern. He did not open her
eyes. "I'll just be heading back, then. If there's anything you need, just
give me a holler, hear?"

He could feel her leave.

I hate him, Miniel thought viciously, chest aching.

Cassiel didn't return until later that evening. The night outside was dark --
new moon and cloudy. Miniel took the bed as a fuck-you gesture, leaving the
folded linens on the couch, and took the extra pillow as well.

He pretended to sleep when Cassiel came back, eyes closed as Cassiel paused
by his bed. After a few moments, he could hear the soft sounds of Cassiel making
up the couch and opened his eyes a little to see Cassiel bed down, sans-pillow,
curling on his front.

Wings unfurled, draping over Cassiel like an extra blanket, a layer of living
heat to cover what the blankets didn't. Miniel watched, unmoving, as Cassiel
rested his head on one forearm and closed his eyes.

Miniel closed his eyes and tried to sleep.

He woke early, with the birds, and stayed unmoving for a while. Finally he
sat up, gathered one of the blankets to himself for warmth, and headed to the
window.

It was dusty, and he could see the dirty Bath streets stretching away, could
see the cathedral looming over twisted roads, some of which had crumbling walls,
remnants of the past, when the Romans lived and horses and carts marched the via
down the center of the town, when the walls were firm, when the city was
organized in a grid pattern. In those times, Bath would have been easy to
maneuver; all Roman cities were laid out in the same fashion. Now it sprawled
off into the distance, and only the core grid remained, surrounded by tiny wild
streets barely large enough for a single car, let alone for two to pass.

Miniel opened the window, risking waking Cassiel, and leaned out into the
breeze. Fresher than he might have expected, but it still tasted of the grime of
pollutants. He closed his eyes, almost dizzy.

I should go, he thought. Now. Walk away from this and see how far I
can walk before Hell finds me.

He heard a noise from behind him and looked back to see that Cassiel was
fallen half off the couch, one leg dangling and brushing the floor. His blanket
had slipped and he was shivering, still asleep, in the chill that Miniel had
brought when he'd opened the window.

It could have been over a millennia ago. Though in those days, it would have
been a cot that Cassiel slept at. Or a table, face in a book that may or may not
leave ink stains on his face for days after. Then if he was cold...

Miniel shivered himself, and pulled the blanket tighter around his own
shoulders, unnerved by Cassiel's sleep-lax face. He felt sick. He couldn't do
this; not because he couldn't trick Cassiel but because he didn't think he could
face Cassiel through another day, let alone how ever many it would take.

I should go, he thought, and closed the window. It clicked, and
Cassiel started, falling out of the bed in a tangle of blanket and wings and
sleepy confusion.

From the tangle, a head finally emerged and gave Miniel a sleepy smile.
"Good morning," Cassiel said.

Miniel looked at him, tired again. "Is it?"

They ate breakfast which the woman -- Mrs. Rosenthal, apparently -- had
brought them. Breakfast seemed to consist of scones again, with far more clotted
cream and jam than most people could handle on an empty stomach. Miniel ate his,
wondering bemusedly if this explained the British.

"So," Cassiel said, mouth full so that, with his usual murmur,
Miniel could barely hear him. "What do you want to do today?"

Miniel took a moment to try to reinterpret, unsure that that was what Cassiel
had actually said. "Do?" he asked at last, blankly.

Cassiel nodded, licking his fingers. Miniel couldn't help watching.
"Do," Cassiel said again, nodding. "Normally, I just go right to
the baths. There's so much to discover... but... you may have changed..."
he hesitated, just a moment too long. "Still, no matter how much you've
changed, I'm certain that a day of brushing dirt would bore you."

Disbelieving, Miniel stared at him. "You want to take me out for a day
on the town?" he asked, and snorted.

"If you like."

It took him a moment to find his breath. When his voice finally came it was
harsh, thick with the anger that he knew he shouldn't express, for risk of
jeopardizing his mission. "Cassiel, I work for hell now. You do
realize that? Yes? Or have you gotten stupid while I was gone?"

Cassiel was silent a long moment, face downturned. Finally, he looked up with
a small, impulsive smile.

Suddenly, Miniel felt sick. He remembered that smile, the little smile which
had finally officially allowed Cassiel to become the third member of the
Terrible Trio.

"Does working for hell mean you don't like curiosity shops anymore?
Cassiel asked, actually pouting a little. "Or walks through long rambly
streets, or..."

Miniel gritted his teeth, unsure for one horrifying moment if he was biting
back laughter or tears or anger, feeling too much of all three. "All
right," he muttered. "You win. Whatever you want, let's do it."

Cassiel smiled wider, a bit genuine. "My choice, then?"

"You know the city," Miniel spat.

Cassiel must have heard the venom, but it didn't stop his smile as he
scrambled to his feet and held out a hand to help Miniel up.

Cassiel ended up taking him down to the town center, essentially one large
market district. Stores were crowded together, close enough to seem to be one
building, but all decorated with flower beds around windows, with brightly
coloured doors. Some of the buildings were old, at least a couple of hundred
years. Stand-up wooden signs advertised shop names and contents, sitting on the
edge of the street; none of them had put up plastic signs and wrecked the
architecture.

It was hard not to enjoy himself. Cassiel was not precisely enthusiastic, but
still had a kind of muted aura of delight, almost dragging Miniel from store to
store, pointing out antiques and marionettes and dishes and far too many tourist
shops.

"Let's get ice cream," Cassiel said.

Miniel sighed. "I don't want ice cream," he said.

"Of course you don't," Cassiel said, philosophically. "No. Of
course. But I do."

Selfish bastard, Miniel thought hard, hoping Cassiel could hear him
without having to actually path it. "Then get ice cream."

Cassiel shrugged a little and headed into the advertised Ice Cream Shoppe.
Miniel stood with his hands in his pockets as Cassiel poured over the choices,
as if Cassiel didn't always get Vanilla in the end.

"Made a choice, have you?" the proprietor finally asked, as Cassiel
straightened.

Miniel couldn't see Cassiel's face from where he stood, but heard a
mischievous tint to it as Cassiel said, "Bubble Gum ice cream, please. In a
waffle cone."

Briefly, Miniel wondered if he'd actually pathed and kept pathing. The
alternative was that Cassiel had known him well enough to have known what he was
thinking. He felt sick, was glad he hadn't bought any ice cream.

The illness passed quickly as they stepped back outside and Cassiel claimed
them a park bench. Miniel sat, sank down with a sigh.

"That's bad for your back," Cassiel told him, sitting.

"Fuck you," Miniel told him, pleasantly.

Cassiel shrugged and sucked at the ice cream, mouth working.

Miniel looked, then looked away, quickly, to the pigeons that were gathering
at their feet.

He could still see the movement of Cassiel's lips on the ice cream, little
gestures that reminded him, irritatingly, of far too much of the past.

"Just eat the damn stuff, Cass," he muttered.

Cassiel paused, removed his lips from the cone to smile. "A little too
obvious?"

Miniel froze, then turned to stare. "That was deliberate?"

"...not obvious, then," Cassiel muttered. "Damn, I should keep
my mouth closed."

Well. There was an opening, then, an opportunity to gain control, to complete
his mission. He smiled, lowering his eyelids a little, leaning forward as if to
steal ice cream. Could hear Cassiel's breath catch. Could almost feel it
already. "You want me to fuck you, Cass? For old times sake?" He
flicked his tongue out, tasting the ice cream, and managed not to make a face. Bubble
Gum. What the fuck was Cassiel thinking?

Cassiel was a little breathless as he responded. "No," he murmured.

"Not fuck." He moved back a little and fumbled his ice cream, sending
a few pigeons scuttling away with a flurry of offended wings.

Blood pounded in Miniel's temples suddenly, angrily. If Cassiel didn't want
it, what the hell was he deliberately taunting Miniel with it for? Cassiel had
never been cruel before.

Apparently deaf to Miniel's anger, Cassiel was looking at the ice cream cone
melting on the cobbles. "Damn," he muttered. "Oh well." He
stood up, stretched, and reached a hand down to Miniel. "Let's go. One more
place for today. Then tomorrow, you can decide what we do, 'kay?"

Miniel remembered the mission, remembered the threats that the Leviathan had
made, and forced a terse smile on his face. "Fine," he said, and let
Cassiel pull him up.

He didn't realize where they were headed until they were going down the
Y-shaped alley beside the cathedral. And when Cassiel pulled him up short in
front of the church, he just stared for a moment.

It was a Gothic cathedral, buttresses and all. It loomed over the street, its
huge arched window by far overshadowing the much smaller arch entrance. It was
laid out in a Latin Cross pattern, and patron saints guarded the door and the
window, their hands raised in benediction.

"You're taking me to church," Miniel said flatly.

Cassiel turned to him, smiling almost naively. "It's more of a tourist
attraction now, though they do have services. It's got the most amazing insides.
Come on."

Muttering curses under his breath, Miniel followed.

Gold gilt seemed to cover everything. Looking up, the ceiling arched high
over head, with groin vaults and ribbed columns, all screaming of Gothic
tradition. Cassiel was walking ahead of him, footsteps muffled by the
architectural layout, down the nave. Flagstones, Miniel thought, then looked
down and realized they were tombstones.

He might not have guessed if it weren't for the names inscribed on them.
Looking around, he saw more graves in the walls. He shuddered for a moment,
imagining the dead trapped under the weight of this church, crying out for
release.

Miniel knew that all those souls had been taken many centuries earlier, but
the image stayed with him as he caught up to Cassiel. Cassiel had stopped and
was examining the stained glass in the apse. Miniel looked; many small windows
with colourful saints stared back at him.

"The bishop who ordered this had a vision, you know," Cassiel
murmured, voice more hushed than usual. "Of angels on a ladder, and a voice
telling him to get his king to restore this church. The king was Henry
VII..."

"This is an old church," Miniel said inanely, looking for something
to respond.

"Built in the late fifteenth century," Cassiel said. "AD. Old.
We're older."

Miniel shrugged. "We're older than most surviving structures. Your
point?"

"Do you ever feel old?" Cassiel wasn't looking at him, was looking
down now, so that Miniel could only look at his profile. "Ever feel like
the world is getting darker, falling apart around you, and even if you don't
seem to change, you're old? I don't want to live right now," he said, and
Miniel started.

Carefully, he asked, "You want to die?"

"No!" Cassiel grinned, a bit wryly. "No, I meant... I don't
want to live in the present. It's too fast, it just... moves too quickly. I just
want things to be the way they were. Only... I don't really, because stagnation
is bad, and... I guess I don't know what I want."

For a moment, Miniel hesitated, thinking I hate him. He made me into this.
I hate him, but he put his arm around Cassiel anyway, because this whole
outing was for old times sake. Was living in the past.

So it was okay to do that, today.

Cassiel let him have the bed again, though Miniel reluctantly surrendered the
second pillow.

As soon as the light went out he could feel nightmares swirling around him,
waiting. They were almost solid, brushing him with teasing fingers, and he
shivered deeper into the blankets.

It would even harder to sleep with his head lower; he could already feel a
crick in his neck starting and focused on that to stay awake.

Eventually, however, he fell asleep.

They were whispering. He walked down roads that had been familiar to him for
over fifteen hundred years, and the human souls where whispering. A few pointed.

He kept his head down, tried to ignore them, let the heels of his boots click
on the roads up towards the school; where else would he find his friends?

He passed into hallways, walls closing in around him. Students saw him coming
and scattered into classrooms, clearing a path before him. He found Cassiel
first, in the library, and leaned down to press a light kiss to the top of
Cassiel's head.

Cassiel started, knocking the chair over as he jumped to his feet. Miniel
could hear his heart fluttering, could hear ragged, frightened breaths. "Am
I infected?" Cassiel murmured to himself. "Is a kiss enough to do it?
I feel like myself..."

"Cass?" Miniel asked, and Cassiel gave him a look of revulsion
before turning and vanishing among stacks of books.

All of a sudden, the library was an ominous place. The shelves were stacked
too high, the books were too old, and their musty scent of stagnation drifted
down to choke him. His dinner stirred in his stomach like worms and he
backpedaled out of the library, into the hall.

Uriel would know what to do, would know what was wrong with Cassiel. He
headed back down the hall, ignoring the path students were clearing in front of
him. When had it been this cold in the school? He headed for Uriel's office;
though Uriel was rarely there, it made sense somehow that he'd be there tonight.

And he was, though he wasn't alone.

He and the Voice of God were a tangle of flesh, smooth and hot, glistening
vaguely in the light that came in through the open door. The Metatron had a hand
wrapped by one of Uriel's braids; Uriel himself was biting lightly at the
Metatron's throat.

The movement of limbs reminded him of maggots in flesh and he vomited,
stomach spasming, head to one side. The Metatron's attention was drawn by this
and he drew back, walking over naked to watch Miniel vomit.

Miniel dry heaved a few times and struggled to his feet from where he'd
fallen to his knees. Standing, he was taller than the naked man before him, but
he was trembling, weak, and the Metatron stood firm, face etched with hatred.

"We don't want your kind here," the Metatron said, voice clear.
"You whore."

Miniel took a step back, and the Metatron closed the gap, grabbing the front
of Miniel's shirt.

Helpless, Miniel looked at Uriel.

Uriel watched, smiling.

With far too much strength, the Metatron shoved at his chest, and Miniel
stumbled backwards, through a gate that opened behind him into nothingness. As
he fell, he saw Cassiel standing there, holding a ring of keys, looking
relieved.

He hit the ground, tried to open his eyes only to discover that they were
already open into blackness. His hands encountered nothing, and it was silent
and scentless in that place.

He screamed, and couldn't hear himself.

Miniel woke to find Cassiel bending over him, concerned. It was still dark,
but now it was the darkness of night, and the bed was beneath him, and Cassiel
was over him, so he grabbed Cassiel, pulled him into the bed, rolled so that his
weight rested on the smaller angel.

"You're okay?" Cassiel murmured.

Glancing up at the clock, Miniel discovered that it was just after three in
the morning. Good. He bit down on Cassiel's throat, teasing with teeth and
tongue, sucking in the way that he knew Cassiel loved.

Cassiel gasped. "Min..."

Rubbing his hips lightly against Cassiel's, he murmured, "It's after
midnight. You said I could choose what to do today. I want to fuck you."

Although Cassiel's hands had risen to Miniel's hips, he was pushing back a
little, trying to withdraw. "You'd force me?"

Miniel swallowed, tasting ice in the back of his stomach. "You know I
don't do that. Can't do that," he added, and that was literally true; the
powers he'd been born with didn't allow him to rape.

"Yesterday," Cassiel whispered, "I said I didn't want you to
fuck me. If you forced me to contradict that because I said you could decide
what we'd do together today..."

Miniel was barely listening. He pushed himself up, hands gripping Cassiel's
shoulders tightly enough to leave bruises. "How dare you accuse me of
that?" he demanded, shaking Cassiel. "How dare you accuse me of
threatening to rape you?"

"Why did you possess Uriel?" Cassiel asked. "Why did you want
to allow an attack against Heaven? Why did you fall, Miniel?"

"Revenge!" Miniel shook Cassiel again, harder, until a little
trickle of blood trailed from Cassiel's lip where he'd bitten it by accident.
"For what you did to me! For pretending so long! For--"

Cassiel's arms shot up, broke Miniel's hold with the ease of practice.
"What did we do? Miniel, what the hell do you think we did?" He was
shouting, actually shouting, and somewhere behind Miniel's anger, Miniel found
that shocking. "What did we do wrong?"

"The Leviathan let me hear what you two say behind my back," Miniel
spat. "'Slut. Whore.'"

Cassiel stared at him, face pale.

"Surprised I know?" Miniel said, voice mocking. "Be proud; it
did take me over a millennia to realize how you really feel about me--"

"How dare you?!" Cassiel shouted. "How... Miniel!"

Cassiel's fist cracked against his jaw and Miniel fell backward, aching,
stunned. Cassiel followed the motion through, straddling him, grabbing the front
of his shirt to pull him up. "We never thought of you as a whore,"
Cassiel hissed. "The Leviathan let you hear yourself, you bastard." He
slammed Miniel back down into the sheets, pinning him there with his hands.

"I'm sick of you envying Uriel for being able to fuck around without
feeling guilty. I'm sick of you hating yourself to the point where you're BLIND.
None of us ever thought you were a whore, though I imagine that opinion's
changed after what you did."

Miniel stared, jaw aching, chest aching. "I never knew you hated me so
much," Miniel said.

The last thing he expected happened; Cassiel started to cry, heaving sobs
that seemed to come from his gut. "I don't hate you, you shithead," he
said, crying. "Uriel doesn't hate you, even now. He'll never understand why
you did that to him. He's been forcing himself not to think about it so he can
stay sane; I was at the school recently, I saw that. He loved you; he'll never
understand. And I loved you. I still love you, Miniel." Slowly, Cassiel
crumpled, letting his face bury itself in the cloth between his fists which were
still balled in Miniel's shirt. "You want to know why I wouldn't let you
fuck me? There's no love in that word when you said it. No respect, even.
I want you to make love to me, not fuck me. I still love you. How could
you think we'd say anything like that?" he whispered into Miniel's shirt.

Miniel lay there, feeling sick. He couldn't summon the strength to raise his
arms to put around Cassiel; he didn't know whether that'd be welcome.

He thought of the long days of torture in Hell, thought of the sharp tangy
taste that came with realizing that your feelings had been betrayed, that
seventeen thousand years of friendship could be thrown away.

Cassiel finally sat up, scrubbing at his eyes, and scrambled away, to the
window. "I have to go," Cassiel said.

Miniel couldn't say anything.

But Cassiel didn't go, hesitated, then finally added, "I'll be back
soon," and leapt out of the window, wings unfurling.

Miniel lay there for long moments more, thinking of Uriel turning to welcome
him, cigarette dangling from his lips, dragged out of deep thought. Thought of
the smile.

He thought of Cassiel, eyes guarded, holding out a cup of tea in a cracked
plastic cup.

He curled onto his side, drew his knees up to his chest, and cried, because
he was alone and nobody could see him do it. Utterly alone.

Mrs. Rosenthal came in about 9, to bring them breakfast, and tried to coax
Miniel to say something. Her strong, pudgy hand was on his back but still he
didn't answer. He hoped his silence would drive her off, but she just sat there,
her hand on his back, waiting.

"Please leave," he finally managed.

"No, dear, I think I'll stay."

He twisted, glared at her with bloodshot eyes. "What gives you the
right--"

"I have a son about your age," she said, smiling a little. "I
know the signs that somebody needs to talk."

"Somehow I doubt," Miniel spat, "that your son is about my
age."

She didn't comment, just kept sitting there, waiting.

"Let's say," he said, "That I betrayed my oldest friends. Is
that enough? Will you please leave?"

He wanted to be alone.

"Have you thought of apologizing?" she asked, gently.

He froze, anger and pain warring within him, anger winning out.
"Sometimes," he hissed, "an apology isn't enough." He rose,
and pointed at the door.

Mrs. Rosenthal sighed, rose, and headed out. "Think it over, dear,"
she said, and shut the door gently behind herself.

Miniel sank back to the bed, and found himself starting to laugh a bit,
through tears. Apologize; of course. As if words could solve everything.

Sometimes he'd forgotten how stupid humans could be.

Cassiel came back about eleven, carrying a small package, one hand in his
pocket. Miniel still hadn't touched the breakfast scones, and Cassiel gave them
a brief glance before sitting on the floor, about five feet away from Miniel.

Trying to put himself on a more even footing, Miniel slid down so that he was
sitting across from Cassiel, his back against the bed.

They looked at each other, for a long moment, then Cassiel took his hand out
of his pocket and opened his hand. Inside was the Ring of Gate Keys. It jangled
gently in his hand.

Miniel's eyes widened.

Carefully, watching Miniel's face, Cassiel put the keys down, halfway between
them. They glinted a slick bronze, sitting on the dusty pink carpet.

Miniel's stomach clenched. If he could get into Heaven, he could get Mikael,
and he'd never have to be punished again. He swallowed, throat tight.

After all, there was no going back.

Was there?

He looked up at Cassiel's face, saw sadness, tiredness, too much tiredness.
Cassiel really was too thin, overworked, tired. If it were the old days, Miniel
would drag him to bed and tuck him in and tell him not to get up for at least
two days.

Miniel turned his gaze back to the keys. He knew if he didn't take them, he
would suffer eternal torment in hell, and if he did, Cassiel would be
disappointed in him forever.

Really, it wasn't much of a choice at all.

He leaned over and very gently picked up the ring. The keys jangled, their
own kind of music.

They glittered in the light, as he held them, gently twisting on their ring,
and then he held it out to Cassiel and took a breath. "Yours, I
believe."

He kept his eyes lowered for a very long time, throat tight, trying hard not
to think of the torture that would wait for him. It was easier if he didn't
think about it too much.

Cassiel's fingers brushed his, warm, as he took the keys gently from him.
Then those same fingers were on Miniel's face, turning him to look at Cassiel.

Miniel almost flinched, seeing the relief and joy, and Cassiel leaned
forward, brushed his lips over Miniel's, soft, warm, with just a hint of wet.
Promising.

It was suddenly hard not to start crying, because that promise would lead
nowhere.

Cassiel sat back on his heels again, and carefully took one key off the ring.
Smiling, crying, he held it out.

Confused -- wasn't the test over? -- Miniel took it. It flared warm,
comforting, in his hand.

"Let's go home," Cassiel said.

Home.

Miniel stared at the key in his hand -- a key that could not be received
without the Metatron's permission -- and felt his heart tighten. Home. Home.

He was going home.

He tried to bite back on the hope that was welling up inside him.
"I...can't go back. Even if they gave me permission, they won't trust me.
They'll be watching me all the time, waiting for me to betray them. I can't live
like that. I know I didn't earn it, but... I can't live without trust. I'd
rather just. Suffer." He bit his lip, trying not to cry, feeling the hope
falter inside him, suffused by despair.

"I trust you," Cassiel said quietly. "Is that enough? I love
you. I trust you."

The package in Cassiel's hand surged, paper wrapping falling away. Cassiel
lost his grip on it but no matter; it knew where it was going.

Miniel's halo fixed itself over his head, tight, secure, glowing and spinning
almost fiercely.

He had been right, of course; he was met with an escort and taken to the
City. The Metatron, who walked with him the whole way, face tight, told him that
he must not return to the school without an invitation for the day.

Miniel nodded, accepting, because it would have to be enough.

The Metatron stopped in front of an apartment, and the escort stopped as
well. "This will be your home for now," the Metatron said shortly.
"Depending on how you behave, we'll see how things change."

Miniel nodded again, then ventured, "I'm sorry I hit you."

Calm facade cracking, the Metatron stared at him with angry gray eyes.
"Don't you think what you did to Uriel was far worse?"

"Yes," Miniel said, feeling a little sick. "But I have to
apologize to him for that."

The Metatron stared at him, then nodded, shortly. "Apology accepted. It
didn't bruise much."

Was that a flash of a smile before the Metatron turned away and was followed
down the street by the escort of Guardians?

Miniel picked up his scant belongings and carried them into the building.

Cassiel was inside, putting books on the shelves in strict alphabetical
order.

"You..." Miniel was at a loss for words, then finally demanded,

"What are you doing here?"

Cassiel turned, smiling. "I only have a few weeks left of my sabbatical
anyway. I thought it wouldn't hurt to come back a little early."

Feeling faint, Miniel put his bags down and leaned heavily on a wall.
"You're staying... here? Not at the school? But... your classes will be
starting up, and..."

"It's not a long walk," Cassiel said, quietly, and smiled a small,
impulsive smile. "And if I'm late... let them wait."

Slowly, awkwardly, as if out of practice, Miniel smiled back.