Quit While You’re Ahead 
by Hooked6 

Synopsis: A young, shy woman starts playing mild power games with her roommate in public and things go downhill from there.   Story starts slow and builds to a climax. No pun intended.

Chapter 1 

“Life is made up of choices. I believe life is just a series of decisions we make, and depending on our choice, must live with the result of that decision.”   James Van Praagh 

“Success or failure is not based solely on one major decision we make but rather on a series of seemingly small and inconsequential decisions that build upon each other until a climax is reached.”  Hooked6 

Where in the hell were these guys a couple of months ago when my life changed forever? If I had read these quotes back then I might not have repeatedly embarrassed myself in front of half the town I live in!! 

Have any of you ever had that dream where you wake up naked in front of your classmates at school or find yourself naked at work and in a panic wondered how you got that way? Well, for me that wasn’t a dream.  It really happened and I think I now understand why. Did I have one of those “Gee, I shouldn’t have done that” moments?” No, like that Hooked guy said above, I think I made a bunch of little decisions, any one of which if I didn’t choose it the way I did might have kept me from being where I am today – naked and embarrassed in front a hundred total strangers, family members and my closest of friends and there is nothing I can do about it! 

I guess I should start at the beginning. My name is Ashley and although I am young and rather cute – okay, I’m Hot as Hell so eat your heart out ya’ll.  I’m not what you would call outgoing. I’m really kind of shy and somewhat conservative in how I live. I DO, however, love to live vicariously through some of the great stories about taking risks being naked in public that I have found on the Internet and at story sites like Nficstoryboard.com. I wish I was as brave and as confident as some of those characters in my favorite stories. The truth is I am not. I have a good reputation, a good job and try to live my life so that I can hold my head high no matter what comes my way. 

Deep down though I wonder what it would really be like to be completely naked somewhere in public or get caught without a stitch on by a complete stranger. It sounds kind of fun and I admit I get off on imagining that I am one of those lucky girls who can be naked in public without getting in trouble or having to deal with any negative consequences like having my picture plastered all over the Internet with guys all over the country doing “gawd-knows-what” while looking at my photos.  Oh, I know there are legitimate ways to do this like being a life model in a professional art class but that seems so . . . well . . . sterile and unimaginative – almost like being half-naked in your gynecologist’s office. Where’s the fun in that? It’s the RISK, the “naughty factor,” that makes this all the more appealing to me, not just the nudity.  I could always become a naturist I suppose but being naked in front of a bunch of other naked people isn’t the subject of my fantasies. Rather, it’s being naked where you’re not supposed to be which seems like a thrill I just HAVE to experience, if only in my mind. 

Therein lies my problem. I’m a coward at heart. I WANT to do this but I’m not really brave enough to actually go through with it in real life. I’d have to be crazy to risk everything just to pursue a fantasy, right?  So, I just content myself with living my dream via all the great stories I’ve read like those of Molly McCann, Katie Lynch, Seahawk, Blzr, ReaderMan and BPClavel, oh and did I mention Molly McCann? She really understands me I think and I don’t even know her! 

Well, temptation is a terrible thing. It nags and torments you until you begin to see possibilities that really aren’t there. It maximizes the pleasure you might receive while deceiving you that you are taking little or no risks at all.  It was all I could do to keep things under control. 

I live with my girlfriend, Jessica. I moved out of my home into one several houses down from my mom after getting a real job as a Hair Stylist after getting out of high school and completing a cosmetology program. I love what I do and have started building up a good clientele. I have a good reputation and things are currently going well for me. There are 5 other girls I work with at my Beauty Salon. Anyway, as soon as I found myself earning some decent cash the possibility of living on my own became a priority for me but, alas, my dream seemed ever so elusive as everything is so darned expensive these days. That’s when my friend, Jessica, said we should move in together as with both of our incomes we could probably afford a place to ourselves. We’ve always been close so this was an easy decision. 

Things went along really well until one day I came home from work and found Jessica siting on the couch smiling at me in a weird sort of way – like a Cheshire cat that just got away with stealing all the cream. 

“What are you up to?” I finally asked dying to know what was going on. 

“Oh . . . nothing,” she said playfully as she skimmed through the pages of her favorite magazine. “I’m just thinking of something amusing.” 

I plopped down beside her and stared at her as she ignored me doing her best to pretend to be interested in some article in front of her. Finally, I couldn’t take it anymore. “I know you, Jess. Come on . . . give it up. Did you win the lottery or something?” 

She smiled all the more but her eyes never left the page. “Oh . . . something like that, I guess.” 

I playfully grabbed the magazine from her hands and tossed it across the room as she giggled uncontrollably.  “You rat,” I said pouncing on her. “You better tell me or I’ll tickle you until you piss your panties.” With that I started tickling her belly and her neck simultaneously then rapidly moving around to anywhere that seemed like a sensitive place. 

We were both laughing now and she wiggled and squirmed beneath me but she continued to refuse to say anything more than musically singing, “I know something you don’t know.” I increased my efforts and soon she was begging me to stop.  I knew I had her in my power now. 

“Go on, tell me. How much did you win?” 

“NOTHING!” she said playfully while laughing so hard she could hardly breathe. 

“You’d better tell me or . . .” 

“STOP, please,” she begged as my hand found its way between her legs. “I’ll tell, but you’ll be sorry!” 

After a little more persuasive tickling and teasing I stopped and looked her in her eyes, which had teared up from laughing so hard. “Alright, give!” I demanded with a smile on my face. 

She took a moment to catch her breath and finally spoke still gasping for air. “Like I said, I know something but you won’t like it. Are you SURE you really want to know?” 

“That does it,” I snapped and shoved my hands under her shirt as if I was going to resume my tormenting. My fingers soon found her boobs and I resumed teasing her unmercifully. 

Jessica put her hands up in self-defense and cried in a panic, “I know what you like!” 

“Huh?  Of COURSE, you know what I like; you’re my best friend. We always go shopping together. We watch the same movies; we have the same taste in . . .” 

“No, I mean I know what you like to read . . . what you fantasize about.” 

My mind went numb and I sat up in a daze. How could she know? I was so careful and secretive. Sure, we share a life together in the same house but how could she . . .  She didn’t mean . . . Did she? 

After letting her revelation sink in, Jessica got that playful look in her eyes and continued, “So you like to think about being naked in a public place, eh? Maybe being forced a bit?” 

“No way!” 

“Yes, you do. I saw your browser history when I had to borrow your laptop to send an email to my mom as my phone’s battery had died.” 

“You . . . you borrowed my computer? You went snooping around my personal stuff? How could you?” 

“It’s no big deal,” she replied matter-of-factly as if violating someone’s privacy was perfectly acceptable. “Everyone does it.” 

“EVERYONE GOES SNOOPING AROUND OTHER PEOPLE’S STUFF WITHOUT THEIR PERMISSION?!”   I was really getting worried now as my mind raced trying to think of what all she might have seen. Maybe she didn’t really know as much as she was letting on. 

After all, what does a web address like this: 

actually mean to someone? Nothing, I hoped. 

“No,” Jessica explained, “I mean that everybody has fantasies. It’s perfectly natural, right? So, you like to imagine being made to get naked in public. I think it’s cute. So have you ever . . .” 

“ABSOLUTELY NOT!” I quickly snapped back before she could complete her thought. 

Jessica giggled playfully. “You HAVE, haven’t you, you naughty girl!” 

I got off the couch in a huff and sat down on the chair across the room and crossed my arms in front of me and pouted. “I’m NOT talking to you. I’m really upset with you.” 


Chapter 2 

“Oh, stop being such a baby. So I checked out a few links on your laptop. So what? I thought some of those stories were pretty cool.” 

She knew!! 

It was my turn to pretend to ignore her this time. It wasn’t long before she knelt down in front of me and, putting her hand softly on my leg, carefully continued, “Did you ever think that maybe I could help?” 

“You’ve got it all wrong,” I said defensively. “You just don’t understand. You’re jumping to conclusions that aren’t there.” 

“Come on Ash, this is me you’re talking to – your BFF, remember? I understand. I really do. I’m not judging you. I’m sorry if I borrowed your stuff without asking but finding your browser history was an accident. I wasn’t deliberately snooping. Honest.” 

I just sat there trying to think of what to say next. Looking at her kneeling there in front of me looking all pretty and playful made it hard to stay mad at her. Still, I didn’t want her knowing my intimate secrets. Some things should just stay private, right? If I admitted she was right about me, our friendship would be changed forever. I HAD to think of how best to handle this.  One thing was sure; we were much too close of friends for me to get away with lying to her. She’d know right off and THAT would make me look really stupid.  But I didn’t want her to think less of me either. Gosh I feel so cheap right now. 

“Come on,” she finally said, “Let’s forget all about this and go out and grab something to eat. I’m starved. If you want to talk later, we can.  What do you say?” 

I was hungry and it had been a long day. “Okay; sounds good.” 

“That’s my girl. Why don’t you go and put on something less . . .” 

“Oh, very funny; I thought you weren’t going to bring it up any more, you big fat liar.” 

“I meant go and put on something less work-like. Get comfortable and let your hair down.” 

“Oh . . . sorry,” I said realizing I was being waaaay to touchy about this whole thing. 

Dinner went well and true to her word nothing more was said about her discovery. In short, we had a really nice time. 

Later that night we were watching our favorite show and things were beginning to seem like normal when Jess suddenly turned off the TV and looked at me with a funny expression on her face. 

“Hey, I was watching that!” 

“Let’s go for a walk before we turn in for the night. I think it will do us both a world of good.” 

“Are you nuts? It’s almost one o’clock in the morning!” 

Jess leaned over close to me and began playfully twirling my hair and persisted, “Oh please . . . I really want to get some fresh air and I don’t want to go out this late by myself. We won’t be gone long, I promise.” She then gave me her trademark puppy-dog eyes that I found almost impossible to refuse. 

“Fine,” I finally sighed, “but I have to work tomorrow so this had better be quick. In my profession I need my beauty sleep, you know.”  She saw my wry smile and I think she knew that I wasn’t upset with her any more. 

Upon hearing my answer, she enthusiastically got up and almost raced to the door waiting for me to follow her. 

When I had joined her at the door and was about to open it, she grabbed my hand and said those fateful words, “I dare you to walk with me in just your bra and panties.” 

My heart literally skipped a beat; then another; then I swear it almost stopped working altogether!  “Are you out of your fricking mind?” 

“Why not; it’s warm out. It’s late . . . it’s dark . . . nobody is going to see you. Here’s your chance to see what it feels like only it’s safer as you won’t be indecent and best of all I’m with you,” she giggled, “just for protection you know . . . not because I want to see you in your underwear,” she added with a laugh, “That would be gross.” 

“I would not be gross.” 

“Oh yeah? Do it then and I’ll be the judge if it’s gross or not.” 

My heart found its life again and began pounding away as my mind pondered her suggestion. It would be kind of . . . risky, daring and naughty – hell; I knew I wanted to do it. My body got that tingly feeling all over and I felt that little man in the canoe spring out down below signaling it was ready for adventure! 

This was all happening so fast. Here was my best friend literally telling me she was okay with my desires and seemed to be helping me . . . no make that encouraging me to take that first step. You have no idea how that felt to have someone I admired and cared about give me her support. It was as if she had my back somehow – IF I wanted to pursue this. 

But did I really WANT to pursue this? I was at a crossroads in my life. I was confused. I heard that little voice in my head rapidly firing off a million reasons why this was insane. I could hear Forrest Gump saying over and over, “Stupid is as stupid does.” 

But then another more insistent voice chimed in saying reassuring things like “it’s not like you’re naked and who’s to know? You’ll be wearing more than what most people wear to the beach. Besides in the dark it will probably look like jogging attire. Go on, this is your chance! You might not get another!” 

I was brought back to reality when Jess spoke up, “Well, are you taking my dare or not?” 

I wanted to ask, “Why are you doing this to me?” but all that actually came out of my mouth was a meek and barely audible, “yes.” That was my first little decision that I regret making. There were others as you’ll see. 

A HUGE smile broke out across her face and I swear I noticed her eyes glistening like she was looking at a beautifully wrapped package someone had just given her for her birthday! It was as if my answer had awakened a side of her that she didn’t know she had. I began to get cold chills wondering if I had made the right decision. 

“Well, come on,” she said impatiently, “are you doing this or not? Get those clothes off and let’s go!” 

I just stood there looking at her for a moment and then, reluctantly and ever so slowly, I reached for the bottom of my T-shirt and began fiddling with the hem at the bottom. If I pulled this over my head now there would be no going back. I was like stuck in slow motion and my mind was blank or something. 

“Oh for Pete’s sakes,” she sighed and suddenly grabbed the waistband of my shorts and before I knew what was happening, she had them unbuttoned and I felt her giddy fingers unzipping them. In a flash they were at my feet. “Go on, step out of them,” she said with an authoritative voice.  All too quickly I found myself standing in front of her in my underwear! 

She looked me over approvingly saying. “You were right. It’s not gross,” and quickly opened the door and shoved me outside before I could change my mind. 

“JESS! The porchlight. Shut it off!” I screamed, much too loudly as it happened. I swear she had done that on purpose! The result was that I knew I was now totally illuminated in the surrounding darkness. Anyone looking could tell I was parading about in just my bra and panties, the porchlight made that extremely clear. 

She just laughed, grabbed my hand and we were off! 

Once we reached the sidewalk, I felt a little better as I felt a bit concealed in the shadows. She headed down the sidewalk in the direction of my mom’s house as if she hadn’t a care in the world. 

My body was alive with excitement! The feelings I was having were too intense to describe. Even though I was decently covered I was outside in my underthings – something that a decent person – a professional person like me – shouldn’t be doing. It was wrong and it felt naughty. How would I explain what I was doing if I got caught by one of my neighbors?  THIS was the exact feeling I had been searching for in my fantasies! It was almost overwhelming for me and I felt myself getting moist down below.  I think my roommate could tell as she had this knowing smile on her face as if she KNEW what this was doing to me. 

She tightened her grip on my arm and she picked up her pace. I wasn’t sure if she did that because she was feeling the excitement of what we were doing or if she was trying to make sure I didn’t suddenly run back to the safety of our home. 

She must have realized what I was thinking because she playfully smacked my butt and said, “Don’t even THINK about it. The house is locked and I’ve already hidden the key. You’ll never find it.” 

“What; When?” 

She giggled excitedly and said coyly, “After we got home from dinner. I knew you were going to do this. I just knew it! Isn’t this fun?” 

“You mean you PLANNED all of this?” 

She laughed all the more and replied, “Let’s just say I was prepared just in case.” 

She then started walking even faster. I began to panic as we passed my mom’s house. The lights were on in her bedroom. All I could think of was how much trouble I’d be in if she just happened to look out her window and saw her favorite daughter walking around the neighborhood dressed like I was. My sister, Angela, was the wild one of the family. I was mom’s pride and joy. She always said how proud of me she was that I had made something of myself. She was so thrilled when I announced that I had gotten a place of my own that she went around telling everyone of my accomplishments. “Ashley not only graduated school, got a good job and she’s now living in her own home!” 


Chapter 3 

She’d kill me if she saw me doing a stupid stunt like this!  She’d never let me live it down. I began to get worried. “Jess, how far are we going?” I asked nervously. “Maybe we’d better go back!” 

“Nonsense,” she said waving her free hand in the air. “We’ve only just started!” 

“WHAT?!  You can’t be serious, I’m done. This isn’t as much fun as I thought it was going to be. It’s no big deal let’s go back, okay?” 

She suddenly stopped walking, spun me around to face her and looked me in the eyes. “So, this isn’t fun, is that what you are telling me?” I gasped as she began playfully and teasingly sliding her fingers on the outside of my panties between legs. Even I could feel that the gusset of my panties was practically soaked from arousal. “Seriously, Ash?” She said with mock condescension. 

I lowered my head in embarrassment. I was busted. She KNEW I was about as excited as I’d ever been.  She let the moment linger in the air for a moment, and then to my added shame, she wiped her wet fingers on my bra as if to drive home her point. “Come on, it’s getting late.” 

For a moment I was hoping she relented and we were going to go home but she kept walking onward. 

“Jess . . .” I pleaded but before I could finish my thought, she held her finger to my mouth and told me rather forcefully not to say another word or she’d strip me bare and leave me to fend for myself. 

I almost came right then and there just hearing those words! My heart was racing and my body felt electrified! I was hers and I’m pretty sure she knew it! 

She led me around the corner of the next block, farther and farther away from the safety of my home. The more we walked the more aroused I got! Those stories I had been reading hadn’t exaggerated the thrill in the least. It wasn’t the sexual arousal alone that appealed to me, it was the combination of arousal and ABSOLUTE FEAR that kept my adrenalin at an all-time high. I could see how this could be addictive! 

So far no one was about. The neighborhood was quiet; not even a dog barking in the distance. There was no moon to speak of; no distant sounds of traffic to cause me to faint. It was just Jess and I sneaking around! 

I’d like to say I began to relax but that would be a lie.  Yet, the longer we were out and about the more the thrill grew deep within me. I almost wanted to say something just to see if Jess would really strip me naked . . . I wanted to . . . but alas I wasn’t brave enough. Walking around in my bra and panties in my own neighborhood was a HUGE step for me. I wasn’t sure if I could handle anything else just yet. Maybe ever! 

Still . . . the thought was overwhelming. I began to imagine that she HAD done it and I was totally naked and at her mercy as we walked along!  I was certain that a car was going to drive by at any moment full of high school students coming home from a night of partying and catch me like this!  What would they say? What would they do?  I was so horny I now wanted to go home for another reason and attend to business if you know what I mean. 

Then I panicked. As we rounded another corner, I saw several people out in their yard about 200 feet up ahead just casually talking. Jess suddenly stopped and looked at me with wicked eyes and grinned. 

I violently shook my head back and forth without saying a word. I was certain that she wanted to walk me right past them in my underthings. I nervously looked up the street and to my relief though I counted five people chatting – none of them seemed to have spotted us as we stood on the lawn of someone’s darkened house. We were in the shadows but we were clearly out in the open. Fortunately, I didn’t think I knew any of them but the voice of the man talking with his back angled slightly away from us seemed familiar as was the voice of one of the women he was conversing with. Was she a client of mine at the beauty shop?  My legs grew weak at the thought! 

Suddenly I felt my bra clasp in front of me coming undone and swinging away partially exposing my breasts!  My roommate had this wicked, open-mouth smile on her face! 

“JESS!” I whispered in a panic! “NO!” 

Jess just leaned over and whispered back,” Oh dear, you said a word. I warned you!” She quickly pulled my bra off and hid it behind her back “Better keep quiet or they’ll see you!” she warned. My head swung around to look back at the crowd and to my relief no one seemed to have noticed us!” 

My legs felt like they were frozen in concrete. I couldn’t move if I wanted to and I was too scared to make a sound. 

I was standing several blocks from my house TOPLESS . . . in PUBLIC! I didn’t think it was possible for my heart to beat any faster! 

My thoughts were cut short as I felt Jess playfully inserted her fingers into the waistband of my panties and, in like a nanosecond, she yanked them down to my ankles and let them stay there.  She stood back up and giggled softly. I was now totally exposed! If any of those people looked my way my life would be over as I knew it. 

Jess then grabbed my shoulders and turned me so that she was now standing in front of me – facing me – so that she was blocking my view of those people. I could hear them but I couldn’t see them. I was relieved and fearful at the same time. I would have rather been able to keep an eye on them to see what was going on. For all I knew one of them might be walking our way at that very moment to see what was going on! 

I felt like an idiot standing there with my panties around my ankles like some school kid being punished. 

Jess leaned over and whispered, “Having fun?” 

Oh, I could have killed her right then and there and hidden her body so that no one would ever have found it! Well, not really, but I was so upset with her! What was she doing?! 

I didn’t have to wonder long as she suddenly turned around and faced the crowd up ahead with her back to me still keeping me hidden from view. She then playfully leaned way over to one side bending at her waist like she was doing an exercise at the gym so that my topless form was exposed for like a second or two before she stood back up hiding me again. She then repeated her exercise bending at the waist in the other direction. To her this was all a game! Back and forth, back and forth – flash, flash, flash, it was torture! 

Each time she did that my heart literally stopped. I just knew that her moving about like that would catch the eye of one of the women up the block and I’d be busted! All I could do was just stand there – lest I pissed her off and she’d leave me as she had threatened earlier. 

I guess she grew tired of her little game and finally stood still for a moment and caught her breath.  I wasn’t sure what I should do and I certainly wasn’t about to say anything. I wasn’t that stupid! 

“Are you ready to go back home?” she whispered still standing in front of me. 

I wasn’t sure if this was a trick to get me to say something that I knew I wasn’t supposed to do so I didn’t answer her. 

I heard Jess giggle again and then say quite loudly – too loudly as a matter of fact, “NO? Well, I am . . .” she then took off running away back towards the way we came leaving me standing there exposed with my panties at my ankles facing those people up the street! 

In an instant I heard one of the women say, “Hey, what’s that?” She had probably heard my stupid roommate yelling and looked over. She was obviously straining to see what the commotion was and appeared to be looking in my direction. 

Mama didn’t raise no fool. In a heartbeat I bent down and tried to pull my panties up as I simultaneously turned away from them in one quick motion and started awkwardly running back towards my house. 

“Who’s that?” I heard a man’s voice say followed by lot’s laughter which told me that I had been spotted!! I don’t know if anyone recognized me but I was sure they got a good view of me pulling up my panties and my bare backside as I was running away. 

I rounded the corner and saw Jess a yard or two ahead of me laughing her fool head off – again quite loudly too! 

Here I was topless, tits bouncing around as I still tried to get my panties all the way back up doing my best to keep moving while trying not to trip. Jess was running sideways now looking at me laughing all the more.  I must have been a sight! 

Running past my mom’s house like this, seeing that her bedroom light was still on. didn’t do my nerves any good either! 

Finally, we were back home and on our front porch. I had my arms across my chest – my panty-clad body now fully illuminated by the porchlight as Jess wickedly waved my bra in the air! 

“Jess,” I yelled angrily in a panic. “Get the Key!” 

Barely getting her words out as she was laughing so hard, she said, “It’s open silly. I was only joking about hiding the key!” 

I never bolted into the house so fast in all my life! 


Chapter 4 

The next morning, I was cautious around my roommate. Nothing was said between us about the previous evening, something for which I was grateful. In fact, things pretty much followed our normal routine and I hurried off to work. 

I half expected to see the lady I had seen the previous night walk through the door and start teasing me unmercifully in front of a waiting room full of customers about seeing me naked; streaking around the neighborhood. Though it was dark then and I couldn’t really identify her with certainty, I had recognized her voice and I knew she was a client of mine but I just couldn’t place her.   Every time the door opened my heart skipped a beat until I heard whoever it was speaking to one of the other girls. Only then did I feel a wave of relief rush over me.  I was a nervous wreck all morning and it took me forever to settle into my normal routine. 

By the time late afternoon rolled around I was dead tired and began sweeping up. Hair gets all over the place in our profession and although we all try to keep up with things as we go, by the end of the day the place is still a mess. I was busy tidying up when I heard the door open. By this time, I was pretty relaxed and didn’t pay it any mind. I had made it through the entire day without incident and after being up so late the night before with precious little sleep, I was ready to go home. 

“Am I too late for you to give me a quick trim?” I heard the customer ask one of the other girls. 

That voice! It was her!!   Karma is bitch sometimes. I slumped over and continued sweeping making damn sure to keep my back to her as I listened carefully.  Her appearance here at the shop was either a total coincidence and she didn’t really recognize me from the night before or she knew EXACTLY who I was and came by to deliberately humiliate me. 

“A quick trim?” I heard Zoey say, “Sure, I can manage that. Have a seat.” 

I heard the rustling of the cover drape being waved in the air and the lady taking a seat.  Trying not to look conspicuous I slowly kept sweeping moving ever so carefully towards the back of the shop and hopefully out of harm’s way. 

I was just about to reach the back storeroom in which I intended to hide and stay low until she left when I heard her say, “Ashley! Is that you?” 

My heart once again stopped and I froze in my tracks. My mind raced trying to think how best to handle this. I could make a dash for it out the back door; I could pretend that I didn’t hear her and keep on sweeping the last few feet until I reached the relative safety of the store room or . . . 

“Ashley?” I heard the woman calling again. I decided just to face the music and get it over with. 

“Yes?” I said as I turned around pretending to hear her for the first time. Now seeing her up close I knew I had done her hair before but again I still couldn’t place her, not really anyway. 

“I thought that was you. I think an apology is order, don’t you?” 

My legs almost gave out from under me. SHE KNOWS IT WAS ME!!!  Zoey stopped what she was doing and looked at me inquisitively. 

“An apology . . . um . . . well . . . it wasn’t what it looked like . . . see . . .” 

The lady furled her brow as if she was growing impatient with me. I sighed heavily knowing what she was about to say next.  Instead, she said, “Huh?” with feigned confusion, “What I meant was. I owe you an apology. I didn’t realize you were here when I walked in and asked Zoey to cut my hair.  I don’t want you to think I was dissatisfied with your work or was abandoning you as my stylist.” 

I stood there for a moment just studying her face to see if she meant what she had said or if she was just having me on. When she looked back down towards her lap to let Zoey get on with her work, I was ever so relieved. She hadn’t recognized me from the night before after all! 

I chuckled nervously and replied, “Oh that’s okay. No problem.” I went back to sweeping when she spoke up again, this time with a note of seriousness in her voice, “Hey, what did you mean when you said, ‘It wasn’t what it looked like?’  Do you have a guilty conscience about something?” 

I whirled back around and this time the playfulness in her facial features was gone and she had that look my mother often gives me when she thinks I have done something bad. “Nothing . . .” I said with my voice cracking a bit. “I didn’t mean anything.” 

“Yes, you did.  Come to think of it I think you thought I meant YOU owed ME an apology. Is that right?” 

“NO . . . um, that’s not it,” I quickly stammered as I tried to think of something to say. “What I meant was . . . I mean . . . well, I DID think I owed you an apology because, um . . . I didn’t want you to think I had been ignoring you before . . . all the noise in here you see . . . it’s . . . it’s hard to hear sometimes . . . that’s all.”  I knew I must have sounded like a guilty teenager but, despite the uneasiness in my voice I did my best to look confident. 

“Oh,” she said simply as she went back to looking down at her feet so her trim could continue. “It’s just that for a minute there I thought you were going to say you were the girl I saw running around naked in my neighborhood last night . . .” 

I almost died right then and there. “What?!” I exclaimed with my voice rising in pitch, “That’s silly . . .” My reply was so awkward that even I thought I was guilty. 

The lady looked at me standing there for a moment as did all the other girls I work with until she finally began laughing, “Yeah . . . silly . . .:” she said “I’m just messing with you.” 

Was she really?   Damn it, she KNEW it was me. 

The lady changed the subject and began talking about the latest Hollywood gossip and all seemed fine as she kept talking to Zoey, but inside I was a nervous wreck. I was too embarrassed to look at her or any of the other girls for that matter. I knew had to get out of there quick as I was surely looking guilty. I made my way to the back on the pretext of emptying the garbage and then announced I was calling it a day. 

Jess ended up working late so it gave me much needed time alone to calm my nerves. I must have had 4 glasses of wine, an entire bottle, before she came home. 

When she did finally arrive, she never said a word just like earlier that morning. We each went about things as we normally did and conversation seemed free and easy. 

All week I kept expecting her to bring up my little fantasies but she didn’t.  For obvious reasons I kept away from my computer so that Miss Nosey-Browser History-Snoop wouldn’t have anything to accuse me of.  She didn’t. It was as if our little evening jaunt never happened. I suppose I should be grateful for small favors but somehow, I felt empty inside. In fact, none of the people I worked with ever said anything about that customer’s comments either. I took that to mean they thought nothing further of it. 

By the end of the second week, I was practically begging her in my mind to broach the subject again. I hate to say this but I was missing the excitement that I had had with her. 

By the third week I knew I was the one who had to say something. I needed to talk. You know how we girls are, right? If we don’t talk things through then the problem isn’t resolved. Well, I had a problem and I needed to talk about it but I wanted HER to bring it up. To you guys reading this that probably makes no sense but to us women, well, we get that. 

Tonight, I was going to give her one more chance to say something before I confronted her about it myself.  Some of you have probably guessed that this was the second decision I was going to come to regret. 


Chapter 5 

Once again, she came home and never broached the subject of my little forced underwear jaunt around the neighborhood. I couldn’t take it anymore. I must have been ovulating because I was horny as hell and her dare was all that I could think about lately. 

“Jess . . .” I casually said as we ate our salads for dinner, “I want to ask you something.” 

“Sure, go ahead,” she replied not even looking up at me as she eagerly shoveled a rather large forkful of her bourbon grilled salmon salad into her ever so cute and delicate mouth. 

It was now or never. I just had to find the right words so as not to sound stupid. I had rehearsed what I was going to say over and over in my mind for the last two days but somehow when it came down to finally saying what I had practiced, the words seemed to vanish from my mind. “Well, it’s about the other night . . .” 

Jess put down her fork and seemed to be doing her best not to laugh at me, “Yeah? What about it?” 

I swallowed hard and continued, “Well, you know when you dared me to take a walk with you in my underwear the other night, well . . .” 

“Oh THAT, don’t worry, I’ll never do that again. I’m sure you’re worried about me messing with you every day or making you feel bad. Don’t give it another thought. Your fantasies are your own. I’m not going to make fun of you for them. I’m cool with it. Besides we are best buds, right? Pass the Salad dressing would you, Ash?” 

“How could she say that,” I practically screamed in my head. “Um, listen, I get that but I had such a great time I was wondering if . . .” 

Without letting me even finish me sentence she interrupted me and said flatly, “No.” 

“NO? No, what? I haven’t even finished my thought yet.” 

“You were going to ask me if I’d dare you to do something again, right? Well, the answer is no. Not interested.” 

All the air in my sails came spilling out and I was as deflated as I had ever been. I just looked at her as she continued to polish off her meal. “But . . .” I persisted. 

“No.” 

“But . . . why? I don’t understand.” 

She put her fork down on the table and studied my face again. “Well, if you really want to know I don’t think you really want this. Besides, if I said yes, we’d end up playing around for a bit and then at some point I’d dare you to do something and you’d eventually refuse or think I was trying to make you mad and one or the other of us will get our feelings hurt and our relationship is much too important to me to chance messing it up over something so silly. That’s why.” 

How was I supposed to respond to that I wondered?  “I wouldn’t do that, honest!” 

Jess started giggling, “Oh, no? You mean you’ve thought this through and you’d let me dare you to do anything and you’d follow through with it no matter how hard or embarrassing it might be?” She then raised her hand and began wagging her finger in front of my face as she continued, “Think very carefully before answering. I don’t want you to write a check your body can’t cash.” 

I scrunched up my eyebrows as I tried to understand where she was coming from. “Well, of course I’ll let you dare me anything. I trust you so I’m sure you’d keep things within reason.” 

“Not good enough.” 

“Huh? What do you mean not good enough?” 

“I mean that if I’m going to go out of my way to play this game of yours, I need to get something out of it too. I mean YOU’RE the one who will be having her fantasies fulfilled. What do I get out of it?” 

I was shocked at her attitude – even if she WAS smiling at me. I thought friends did things for each other. 

“I can’t pay you if that’s what you mean.” I replied flippantly. “I thought you’d do it because you and I were close and that you’d like to make me happy.” 

“Don’t you realize how selfish you sound? Of course, I like doing things for you but I have fantasies too, ya know.” 

My jaw dropped open at her revelation. I guess I had been so wrapped up in my own desires I didn’t even consider the fact that she might have hidden desires of her own. “Um, what sort of fantasies?” I asked carefully not really sure that I should even be asking such a personal question.  “I mean if you want me to dare you to do stuff, I can do that.” 

“No, that’s YOUR fantasy,” she said sounding a bit put out. 

“Well, whatever it is, count me in. Like I said before, close friends do things for each other. You help me with mine and I’ll help you with yours.” 

“I’m not sure you’d want to do that which is why I think we’d both be better off leaving things be as they are.” 

I chuckled, “What . . . don’t tell me you’re one of those wierdos that like hurting people, making them suffer or something.” 

“Well, as a matter of fact I am . . . in a manner of speaking anyway.” 

My jaw dropped again as I pushed myself away from the table. “What do you mean?” 

“Well, my sexy little roommate of mine, I like controlling people, making them do whatever I want – especially making them do embarrassing or humiliating things. The riskier the better, making them do things that they would NEVER really do by themselves; pushing them well past their limits; things that might have a certain element of risk or pain – not physical pain per se but certainly having the potential to cause them emotional stress.” 

“You mean like the other night when you stepped away from me exposing me to that crowd.” 

“Yes, that’s it, but more. I want to be in total control. I want you to absolutely agree that if we start this, you’ll do anything I dare you to do whether you like my idea or not.” 

“But you wouldn’t really make me . . .” 

“Stop right there. You’re setting limits. Part of the excitement for BOTH of us is that you’ll never really know what I’ll dare you to do. If you go drawing up a list of what you’ll do and what you won’t do, this won’t really fulfill either of our fantasies. You know I care for you very much but that doesn’t mean I can’t really be a bitch sometimes just because I want to.  You’ll have to agree to that. I know what you like and I’ll certainly not be selfish in my approach to our little game but you’ll have to commit to my way of doing things. Agreed?” 

Talk about signing a blank check! I was shocked. This certainly wasn’t turning out the way I could have EVER imagined. I also realized something else too. My panties were totally soaked. Her words were getting me so worked up I could have let her take me right there on the dining room table. 

I sat there silently as I pondered the ramifications of her desires.  In the end I just nodded my head in agreement.  (That’s another small decision that I should have thought better of if you guys are keeping track of them.) 

My roommate smiled. “I’ll tell you what. Let’s put this to the test. Tomorrow is your regular afternoon off, right?” 

I nodded. I always tried to take Wednesday afternoon’s off to make up for the rather late hours I kept during the week and for the occasional Saturday morning’s that I had to work. 

“Good. I’ll pick you up at the shop. I’ll give you a dare to do, something that I think will make both of us happy.  It’ll definitely push you beyond your comfort level and might be a little risky but I think you’ll enjoy it.  If you go through with it and still want to play, I’ll have my answer.” 

My heart was pounding as I squeaked out a simple. “Okay.” 

