Jim was your typical 34 year old physical education teacher, always wore athletic gear, stayed in relatively good shape, going a little thin on top, courtesy of his receding hair line.  The only thing that wasn't typical was the fact that Jim was in the process of divorcing his wife of over 10 years.

Kelly was Jim's high school sweetheart, and while they got married when they were both 24, they had been dating since 16, and had only been with each other.  One could consider that an extreme rarity in today's day in age.
Kelly was a successful trial court lawyer, and even though they lived in a small town outside of Denver, Kelly made her commute into the city for work while Jim worked as athletic director for the local school.  

Jim didn't aspire to be a high school athletic director, he had wanted to join the National Football League after college, and he truly had the talent to make it, but during his senior season suffered a career ending knee injury which sent him into a tailspin.  Luckily for Jim, he had a business degree and it just happened that there was an assistant A.D. position open at his hometown school.  

Needing work while Kelly was going through law school, Jim grudgingly took the position, thinking it would only be temporary.  It didn't work out that way, and Jim took over athletics at the school, and had created very successful programs in all sports offered.   Over 20 championship teams have come from Jim in the last decade or so.  

Well, things were going great for Kelly and Jim that is until Kelly was offered partner at another law firm.  The only bad part was that the firm was located in San Diego, California.  Kelly and Jim discussed the matter for quite some time, and Jim refused to leave the area.  He couldn't understand why Kelly would want to leave either; after all, both of their families either live in Denver or the Boulder area, so it just didn't make sense to him.

Kelly was a lawyer first, wife second.  She didn't really want to leave, but she knew not taking this offer could possibly be career suicide for her.  

Jim was out at the practice field on a steamy September afternoon with the boys practicing for their big homecoming game this weekend when the Sheriff's car pulled up.

"Hey Jim, you got a sec?" Asked the sheriff's deputy

"Hey hey, Bradley, what brings you out here?  Came to get a sneak peak of the next state champs?" Jim jokingly replied.  But in a matter of seconds, Jim could tell something was not right.

"What is it Brad, is Kelly ok?  What's going on?" Jim asks.

"Jim, you're like a brother to me, and I hate to be bearer of bad news, but I'm out here to serve you papers." The deputy replied.

Jim seemed a little shocked.

"Papers, what kind of papers?  Is someone suing me or something?" asked Jim.

"No" said the deputy as he handed the documents to Jim. "Kelly's filed for divorce Jim.  I'm sorry.  If you need to talk, you know my number.  I'm really sorry Jim."

Jim couldn't believe this, everything he had worked for in his life, the reason FOR living, was leaving.  

Jim left practice early and tried to get a hold of Kelly at the house, but there was just a `dear john' type note on the door for him.  How could the woman he had spent over half of his life with just up and walk out on him?

Kelly's departure had really taken its toll on Jim.  He had begun to drink heavily, took nearly a month off from work, and had begun experimenting.  When we say experimenting, we're not talking about drugs or anything like that, but Jim had begun to discreetly go into the city and began to frequent several gay and bi-sexual bars.

Jim had discovered that he in fact enjoyed sucking cock.  He liked being fucked by other men.  Hell, he's pretty sure he was gay, if not he was defiantly bi-sexual.

He had to keep this a secret though, with the position he's in, there would be an outrage if he were ever to be outed, considering the fact that he has seen pretty much every male student-athlete naked at one time or another.

HOLY SHIT!  Jim thought to himself, `what am I going to do when I get back to work.  I don't know if I'll be able to do this or not.  Of course I can, I can maintain professionalism with these young men.  These nice looking, fit young men....'   His mind was already drawing up schemes to sneak some peaks if nothing else.

Jim returned to work about a month after Kelly left, and was welcomed back with open arms by his team, as well as the faculty.  Jim was happy to have so many people that cared for him.

A blustery November afternoon was the scene for the day's football practice.  It was pretty cold out there, so it was a relatively short practice, and then Jim told them to head to the weight room for some reps.

Jim always enjoyed working out with his guys, so he was right there with them lifting.   After about an hour of lifting, Jim tells the guys to hit the showers, and he heads off to his office, and private shower.  Once in his shower, Jim starts fingering his ass and starts jerking off like a mad man.

`Damn it.  I've got to have more control than this.' He thinks to himself.
Taking a lot longer than normal, he finally gets out of the shower and dressed.  He's got to look good and smell good.  He's got a date in Denver (with a woman).  As he gets ready to leave, he hears water still running in the locker room area.

"Damn kids.  I wonder if they do this shit at home." He says as he makes his way to the shower area.

He takes about three steps into the steamy mist and is shocked at what he sees.

"Yeah, oh fuck yeah.  That feels good Teddy.  Ooh." Says quarterback Ricky Simms. 

"That feel good?  Yeah baby, I know it does." Says Teddy, the black stallion of a running back.

Jim is watching his star running back fuck his star quarterback in the ass.  His dick instantly gets hard, and instinctively he pulls it out of his trousers and starts massaging it.  The boys still none the wiser.

Jim enjoys the show as Teddy has Ricky on all fours in the shower stall, methodically putting his dick in his ass.  What a nice cock on this one too.  Jim estimated it at probably 9 inches.  Not too bad for a sophomore in high school.  Ricky's was around 6 it looked like, but it also looked nice and fat as Teddy played with it as he continued fucking him.

Teddy leaned forward to Ricky and the two exchanged a passionate kiss as they continued to fuck.  Jim was really hot seeing these two studs tongue wrestling each other.

"You know, you guys should find some place more private to do this shit." Jim finally interrupts, cock in hand.

"Oh shit, coach, we thought you were....."Began Teddy, as he quickly pulls out of his partner's ass, noticing the coach playing with his very erect cock.

"To my office boys." Jim stated.  They boys went.

Once in the office, Jim locked the door, and immediately gets his clothes off, and is now completely nude with his star players.  Before anyone can say a word, Jim gets down on his knees and takes Ricky in his mouth.

Jim was enjoying the nice warm feeling, this young cock in his mouth.  Ricky was enjoying it as well.

"Damn coach.  I didn't know you were into guys." Said Ricky

Jim directs Ricky to set in his desk chair while he gets on all fours and Teddy slips up behind him.  With Ricky on the chair, Jim is now face to face with a beautiful specimen in Ricky's cock.  He takes it in his mouth once again as Teddy starts licking Jim's asshole.

The moans of pleasure are obvious as the office begins to get the ever-familiar smell of sex in it.  

"Oh, coach, fuck, I'm coming, I'm Cumming." Ricky yells in excitement as he empties his balls in Jim's mouth.  Jim hurriedly swallows every last drop.

Wiping his mouth he says, "Alright, Teddy, on your back."  Teddy does what his coach says as Jim lowers himself onto Teddy's huge black dick.  Jim remembered the last time he had fucked a black man, the guy was several years older than Teddy, but nowhere near as big.

Jim positions himself on top, facing Teddy as the cock enters his ass.
"Oooh, Teddy, damn son, that's a nice cock.  Fuckin shit." Jim says as he eases his way down onto Teddy's massive member.

Ricky moves himself over to Teddy's head and starts mouth fucking him with his dick.  Teddy is getting the best of both worlds as he is getting a big cock in his tight ass and he's watching Teddy suck Ricky's beautiful dick.

Jim moves up and down faster and faster on Teddy's prick, jacking himself off with each thrust.  

"Oh, Coach, I'm cumming, I'm cumming.  It's going in your ass." Says Teddy.
As Teddy cums in Jim's ass, Jim sends a load all over Teddy's masculine and ripped chest, to which Ricky responds and licks it up.

Jim pulls himself off of Teddy's cock and the three men lay next to each other on the office floor for a few minutes trying to catch their breath before heading to the showers to get cleaned up.

After the showers, Jim pulls Teddy close and gives him a deep kiss, their tongues becoming one.  He then turns and does the same to Ricky.
"Boys, my house is open any time you want to go over some `plays'."
The boys look at each other and smile.

"Thanks coach, see you tomorrow." They both say as all three walk out of the school and head to their cars.

THE END

I'd really like to know what you all think of this one.  This is my first dabble at homosexual erotica, so it probably needs a little work, but none the less I hope you at least got a pretty good erection out of it.
Any comments, suggestions, pictures of your own cocks, whatever you want to send me can be sent to fireman_3169@yahoo.com  Thanks for reading.
DMurph
