The Cuckold's Lament, by Bakeboss:
I think like most men of my ilk, when I discovered my wife was cheating on me it hurt me to the core. She was the love of my life, no, she was my life for everything I did it was with her in mind. She was contrite, saying it was a onetime thing, and of course, I forgave her. The next time I caught her, the excuse was she had too much to drink so it wasn't her fault. The third time I got angry and told her this was the last time I would forgive her transgressions. That was a big mistake on my part and she actually laughed at my empty threats,

"Just what do you plan to do, move out? Go ahead what do I care, you're worthless around here anyway. Here let me help you."

She began opening drawers dumping my stuff on the floor and then to the closet grabbing my clothes throwing them into a pile on the floor. I couldn't help it with the thought of not being with her creating panic inside, I began to cry. With tears running down my cheeks, I fell to my knees in front of her and begged her to stop.

My life has never been the same since that fateful day. Meg jerked my head back by my hair and looked me straight in the eye,

"OK sissy boy, if I let you stay things are going to be done my way, you understand."

I nodded my head afraid my voice would crack if I tried to speak,

"I will fuck who I want to when I want to and believe me it will never be you. You are so fucking pathetic; I'm tired of trying to keep you happy. From now on if you don't do what I want it's out the door."

She pushed me hard and I fell backwards to the floor. She picked up her purse and walked out of the bedroom, then out of the house without another word slamming the front door as she left.

I curled up into a fetal position hugging myself as I tried to think out what had just happened and more important what could I do about it. The only answer I could come up with was, nothing, as no matter how hard I tried I couldn't conceive of life without my Meg. I had to earn back her respect, to show her I was worthy of her love. I started with the mess she had made with my clothes putting them all away, and then I went ahead and cleaned the rest of the bedroom even putting fresh linen on the bed. Next, was our bathroom that I cleaned. Since the hamper was in there I thought I might as well start the laundry also. Sorting the clothes, I held a pair of my wife's panties in my hand when I noticed the gusset was stiff with a crusty discharge. Could this be her lover's semen? I felt so naughty as I held them to my nose but I couldn't detect any odor as it was dried. I put my tongue to the crotch of my wife's panties and just the thought of what I was doing gave me an erection.

Was my tongue touching her lover's jizz? I created a mental picture of my wife pulling up her panties as his issue dripped from her folds and onto them. I hadn't even realized I was rubbing myself but suddenly I knew I was ready to cum, so I pulled my pants down to my thighs and grabbing my wife's panties I added my specimen to her mystery lover's. This was so humiliating I couldn't believe what I'd just done. I finishing sorting dirty clothes and took them to the laundry room. As I was putting the delicates into the machine once again, I had those panties in my hand, yet now after adding my sample they were no longer stiff and dry. I suddenly had a compulsion that I couldn't resist and I put my tongue back into the crotch of my wife's dirty panty. I know I was actually eating my own fresh issue but I fantasized it as her lovers and as my erection grew it pulsed, demanding more satisfaction. Just as before I ejaculated in my wife's underwear and when finally sated, I threw them in the machine and started it before I changed my mind.

After the laundry, I began to clean the rest of the house; I just knew my wife would be pleased. When she still wasn't home by four o'clock, I figured she would be starving by the time she came home so I started dinner. I put a roast in the oven with those little potatoes and some carrots around it and by five-thirty; I had dinner on the table but still no Meg. I sat at the table alone until after eight, and then I went to bed leaving the table as it was. I lay in bed, as my stomach churned with worry leaving a knot that felt like a stone. I couldn't sleep as I worried if maybe my wife had left me already and Yet I must have drifted off as I was awoken by the light going on. I looked with eyes narrowed from the light to see Meg standing before me and she was eating a piece of roast beef.

I could tell she had been drinking and she looked unsteady on her feet. Her hair was a mess and her clothes were wrinkled but I was afraid to make any comments. She told me the roast was tasty but tough, I almost said that at dinnertime it was not only tasty but tender also but I just bit my tongue. Instead, I got out of bed and onto my knees,

"Meg, I've had all day to think and the only thing I can come up with is that I don't want you to leave me. Anything, I can live with anything if I can be with you. Sweetheart, are you ready to go to bed, can I help you get ready?"

She nodded her assent and when I began to take her shoes and pants off she used my head to steady herself. She crawled into bed in just her panties as usual and as I snuggled next to her, she put her leg over me and I could feel the wetness in her panties. As she slept, I lay there in the darkness thinking with anticipation of digging those panties out of the hamper in the morning and my erection throbbed with the need for release. Maybe the life of a cuckold wouldn't be so bad after all.