Ashley's Pantyless Day At School
by LadyRedHeart

Ashley opened her eyes before immediately squinting at the light that beamed into her dorm room, illuminating the neat, clean area. Ashley sat up and yawned as her brain fired up for the day.

She stretched her arms behind her back, the memories of the previous day flooding back, and leaving her with a blush.

Yesterday had been...wild. She couldn't believe how close she'd come to being caught so many times...and that she actually had been caught once.

She hadn't seen James again yet, so thankfully she hadn't had to explain anything yet. She had no idea how she was going to explain what had been happening. That was something she'd definitely need to think over.

Ashley stretched a little more before looking to her alarm clock, expecting that she had woken before it, as the alarm hadn't actually awoken her. Her eyes went wide as she saw the time.

She was late for class!!

She quickly grabbed the clock, wondering why it hadn't gone off. She clicked to the alarm, and groaned as she realized she had set it to pm instead of am. She quickly turned it off and jumped out of bed, rushing to her closet. Her thoughts about the previous day fled her mind as she struggled to get ready.

She hastily dressed herself, not fully there mentally as she freaked out about possibly getting in massive trouble for missing class...again. Thankfully she had a room to herself so she didn't disturb anyone, but that also meant she didn't have someone to help wake her up if she missed class.

She grabbed everything she believed she needed, but didn't do a double check like she usually did. She opened the door, and rushed out, closing it behind her. She didn't realize it at the moment, but she had forgotten something...

Ashley dressed hastily, slipping on a skirt as she quickly grabbed her stuff. She didn't even notice that she forgot a very important piece of clothing as she rushed out, closing and locking the door behind her.

She sped down the halls, the somewhat short skirt flying around slightly as she bounded towards her class. She was too in a rush to notice some of the odd looks she got from people she passed. She was too focused on getting to her destination.

After exiting the building, she sprinted over the grass. For a brief moment, she noticed that she had an odd chill down below. The thought quickly fled though, and she pushed open the door to the building her class was in. She almost hit someone, who she turned to apologize to, but when she turned back, she ended up bumping into someone and fell face-first onto the floor and the guy stumbled back.

"Woah, hey are you-" the guy started, but froze in shock at the sight in front of him. Ashley's skirt had fluttered up from the tumble, and as she sat with her butt in the air, he was met with the sight of her bare ass pointed in his direction. It was nicely shaped, and free of any blemishes. Not only that, but he could even see a little bit of something else underneath...

Ashley still didn't seem to notice as she stood up, not too banged up, and brushed herself off. She turned to apologize to the shocked guy behind her, and continued on her way.

Finally, she made it to the classroom, and burst in, breathing heavily. The teacher stopped her lecture and looked up at her. She had a frown on her face, but it quickly softened when she saw it was Ashley.

"Ms Packins, you're here." The teacher, Mrs. Patterson said. "You're never usually late."

"Sorry...my alarm...set wrong..." Ashley said between breaths. Thankfully, her reputation as a good student saved her this time as Mrs. Patterson nodded.

"I'll let it slide this time, but please take care to not let it happen again." She said, and Ashley nodded. Mrs. Patterson resumed her lecture as Ashley made her way to her seat, shuffling past students in that awkward way she hated, and sat down. As soon as her butt hit the seat, she noticed how...odd it felt. She furrowed her brows as she shifted in her seat. She couldn't quite exactly figure out why it felt so off. She shrugged and tried to ignore it as she got her stuff settled on her desk, and quickly opened her notebook to begin taking notes.

But the entire time, that strange feeling kept gnawing at her...

Ashley was continuously bothered by the strange feeling all the way until the end of class. She didn't manage to figure out the exact cause. As the students were leaving the class, she was about to investigate when Julie suddenly popped up.

"Hey, Ashley." She said. Ashley smiled at the sight of her friend.

"Hey, what's up?" She said.

"I'm guessing you forgot, but we have to go and start hanging up banners for the parade coming up." Julie said, then frowned. "I-I mean, if you're not too busy, or anything. I-I can do it myself if you-"

"No no, it's good, I'm available!" Ashley said, stopping the poor girl before she started panicking. "Where are the banners?" Julie seemed to calm down as she lead Ashley out of the room and through the halls.

"I'm so excited for the parade, it's supposed to be the biggest one they've ever done!" She said. The parade was celebrating the 200th anniversary of the school, and so the school was pulling out all the stops for it. "Ah, it's right here." They stopped at a large supply closet. It was locked, but Julie produced a key, which surprised Ashley. "I got permission for this, don't worry!" She assured Ashley, and unlocked the door. The two went inside and turned on the light.

The room was full of different stuff, so varied you wouldn't be able to describe everything without simple words. The college had several of these scattered about, but this one was mainly reserved for event items, like the banners they needed.

"They're up on a high shelf, so we'll need a ladder." Julie explained. Ashley nodded, and searched around. She cried out in victory when she spotted a stepladder. She grabbed it, and then went over to where the banners were. Ashley set up the ladder, and noticed that Julie looked nervous.

"U-umm...c-can you do it? I...have a fear of heights..." Julie asked. Ashley nodded, and started to go up the steps to the somewhat high shelf. Julie looked up and watched, prepared to grab the banners as Ashley lowered them down to her. The two worked together to bring down the banners. They got through most of them quickly, and with a few only left in the back, Ashley stretched to reach them. As she did, Julie looked up, and froze.

Ashley's stretching caused her skirt to lift up, and from her position, Julie got a good look at what appeared to be Ashley's bare ass. Julie's face went red, and she became so flustered that she almost didn't catch the banner Ashley dropped down. Ashley didn't notice her friend's shock, so she stretched once more. Julie immediately tried to rationalize what she was seeing.

'It looks like she's...but there's no way! Maybe it's a...thong, or something, something small! Yeah, surely!' She thought. She caught another banner, and when Ashley stretched once more, Julie's hopes were dashed when she caught a glimpse of something even worse than her friend's ass...her pussy, clearly visible from underneath. Julie's breath hitched. She...she wasn't wearing any panties!!

Ashley retrieved the last few banners and made her way down. When she saw Julie's shocked face, she frowned. "What's wrong?"

"U-umm..." Julie stuttered. Was it...intentional? Even Julie couldn't imagine forgetting her panties of all things! Then again, Ashley had been late, so maybe she really had forgotten them...?

"Julie?" Ashley asked. Julie shook her head, and opened her mouth to speak.

"U-um..." Julie struggled. She wasn't sure how to tell her friend about her lack of underwear. She didn't know if it was intentional. If it was, then Julie didn't even know how to go about tackling the possibility that Ashley was...um, something she didn't even want to think about, and if it wasn't, she'd be embarrassing her friend in unimaginable ways by admitting she'd seen her...sensitive bits. She didn't know what to do.

Due to her hesitation, Ashley shrugged and gathered up the stuff. "Listen, we don't have time to waste, we need to start hanging up the banners." Ashley grabbed a nearby cart used to carry things and loaded all the supplies inside as Julie continued to freak out. "Come on!" Ashley left the closet before Julie could bring herself to say something, so Julie simply ran after Ashley, unsure what she was going to do about this situation.
