An Interesting Morning with Susie
bymotbitro©

As Saturday approached, we both got more and more excited. We had our plans. We would go to the beach during the day and then to our favorite club at night. To start the day, we went out for breakfast away from her parents (which was wonderful).

I should tell you a little bit about Susie before I get into the story. Susie was (and as a 32 year old, still is) about as cute as they come. She's 5'2", 105 pounds and has a fun loving, energetic personality that often led her to be the first person to do something fun, crazy or daring. Whether it was an amusement park ride, jumping off a cliff into the water, driving through the city with her girlfriends in just her bra and panties or teasing boys by "accidentally" flashing her ass, she was first.

We had a lot of fun in high school and college, we drank a fair amount as well, which certainly lowered her inhibitions. And to my delight, she was a "world-class" cock-teaser. She loved to push the limits of her cock-teasing to see just how crazy she could drive me, other guys and herself.

Her body has always been fantastic - nice sized, wonderfully round boobs, sensitive nipples, a small, trim waist, flat belly and a great ass. She liked (actually loved) attention. Her skirts were as short as they could possibly be which I (and everyone else, including the teachers) loved.

Back to the story - as we pulled up to the restaurant we made our favorite bet. Would our waiter be male or female? I always bet on a male. We walked in and asked for a booth and the hostess said that Mike would be right with us. We both laughed, I looked at Susie's tits and said, "I guess it's a good day to be bra-less." That would be the pay-off for the bet. Susie was a champ, she walked to the restroom, came out a minute later obviously bra-less, her tits jiggling and her nipples erect. You could see the outline of her tits and nipples thru the thin top of her red "mini-dress". Her mini-dress had buttons all the way up the front and was made of thin, partially transparent material. The dress was transparent enough that when the lower part of her dress (which wasn't very "lower" because it was so short -- I confess, I had this dress and many of her other shirts and dress shortened as presents to ... well, me) swayed against her body, you also could see that outline of her panties. To add a little excitement to the day, she had the top two and the last two buttons unbuttoned.

We ordered Bloody Marys and we drank them pretty quickly. I ordered a second for Susie, I only had one since I was driving. We joked and laughed thru breakfast which was fun, especially with the alcohol flowing.

As Susie loved to do, we continued playing games challenging each other as we drank the Bloody Marys. She bet me that I couldn't put 2 drops of tabasco on my tongue without taking a drink of water. That wasn't as bad as it sounded. I won so I got to unbutton the next two top buttons of her dress. That opened her top down to just below her beautiful, round, bra-less tits.

We were in a booth and I was, of course, sitting next to her. With the top 4 buttons of her dress opened, I could easily see her nipples which were already hard. Susie's tits were fantastic, nice size, perky and very sensitive! It was my turn to think up a game so I challenged her to balance a tilting salt shaker on the table. She tried and tried, but couldn't get it. She was really concentrating on the salt shaker; meanwhile I was really concentrating on her tits. With her top 4 buttons open, her right boob had slipped out of her dress. I don't think she noticed, but knowing Susie, she probably did. After trying to balance the salt shaker for about 5 minutes, she finally gave up and gave the salt shaker to me. I knew the trick, which was a million times easier when you put some salt on the table top and then put the salt shaker on the salt. It worked, it was easy.

I said, "By the way, Ms. World class cock-teaser, you lost another bet, so I get do undo more of your buttons." I really couldn't undo any more of the buttons on the top of her dress, so I went for the bottom buttons. Thankfully, her cute tit with her erect nipple was still sticking out because her shirt was still unbuttoned.

I reached to her lap and undid 2 more buttons which opened her skirt to just give a nice view of her panties. I wanted to tease her a little so I said, "Those light blue panties go very well with your dress." Then I undid another button and rubbed her pussy a few times. I said, "I wonder if I can see my fingers thru your panties, what do you think?"

She said, "I'll don't think so." That's all I needed, I slowly slid my fingers under the waist band of her panties and lightly caressed her shaved pussy. She moaned and closed her eyes. I knew we were on our way to a great day.

Susie loved to hear sexy talk so I said, "Yep, I can see my fingers which are fondling and spreading your sweet pussy lips. Hey, what do you know, I can see your pussy lips too, right through your panties. Your lips are so soft, but wait a minute, you're getting wet down there. Hey, I'm not trying to get you excited, I just wanted to see if your sexy panties are see-thru."

I continued to rub my fingers between her lips and I stuck the tip of my finger into her. I threw her one more comment to increase her excitement, "You have to be really super careful today", as I stuck the tip of a second finger in her, "Everyone who sees your panties, will see your pussy lips, too. And they'll want to kiss you pussy over and over again." She began to squirm and for a second she put her hand on my hand to push my fingers further into her.

I knew that talking dirty to Susie always got her very turned-on, so that and the fact that I was playing with her pussy was having a great effect on her state of arousal. I couldn't stop teasing her, I said, "Every guy in this restaurant can see your tit, they want to come over a suck on it. I'd feel your tit right now, but I'm fingering you which most of the guys in here have figured out because are acting so fucking sensual. You look like you are getting fucked right here, right now and that you want more. Is that right, should I stop or do you want more?"

Susie moaned and said, "I am getting fucked right here and right now, finger fucked. Take my panties off, please take them off. I want to wrap your cock in my panties ... and to suck and beat you off. I want you to shoot your cum all over my face and in my mouth, cum for me please!"

I said, "If you keep this up, the guys will come over here and all will stick their dicks in your warm, moist mouth. You'll have to suck them off, kissing the head of their dicks, licking their shafts and then sticking their dicks in your mouth inch by inch, one-by-one. And they'll shoot their loads down your throat or on your chest. Would you like that?"

She said in broken pace because she was getting ready to orgasm, "Please get ... your dick out, I need it in my mouth. And get that blond ... haired guy in the green shirt over there to ... come over here, he keeps looking at me. I'm ... spreading my legs so he can see you ... fingering me, I want to suck him off."

This was getting real hot and we were again losing control, then I looked over and saw the waiter bringing our food and Susie's second Bloody Mary. I said to Susie, "We have to cool down, here comes our waiter." I took my finger out of her, but I left her dress open because I knew my 1st class show-off would want it that way. I was right, she left her skirt wide open exposing her panties.

Mike, the waiter, came up to the booth and first starred at Susie's exposed boob which he obviously enjoyed. Then he noticed the bottom of her dress was unbuttoned and he ogled her panties. I can't blame him, every guy would have done the same thing. He tried to be a nice guy. He rather nervously said, "Um ... miss ...your breast is ... um ...out."

Teasing him, Susie looked him in the eye and said, "What? I'm sorry sweetheart, I didn't hear you." He repeated his comment. Susie slowly looked down at her exposed boob, and said, "Oh my gosh, I didn't know my tit was sticking out where everyone could see it."

Then she took her finger and circled her nipple twice. Then she cupped her boob in her hand and slowly put her boob back into her dress. Of course, she didn't button her top, she left it wide open. She looked up at him and said, "Can you see anything, now?"

He said, "Well, ...um ... I can see ... quite a bit of your boob." Susie was a great cock-teaser, she loved hearing that.

She put her hand between her tits to tease him a little more and said, "Just this area, right? Or can you see my nipples, too?" Susie's dress was pretty thin, it took very little effort to see her nipples thru her the top of her dress. They looked like they were straining to come out of her top.

He shyly said, "Sorry to tell you, but I can still see a little bit of your nipple."

Susie said, "Damn it", she looked down at her boobs and said, "Oh ... my nipples are so hard, maybe I should have worn a bra." She took her hands and covered her nipples so he wouldn't see them. But of course, she purposely did a very poor job covering her nipples leaving a lot that he could still see. Susie loved every second of this and every temptation she threw his way.

Susie said, "You are such a cute gentleman, thank you Mr. Gorgeous hunk. A lot of guys would have had the phones out taking pictures of my tits, especially if they could see my nipples like you did."

He said, "Well, miss, your dress ... is ... um... open too." Susie, again looking him in the eye, asked where her dress was open. He said, "Down there."

Susie said, "What?" She was really teasing this poor (lucky) guy. His face was as red as it could possibly be.

He looked right down on her pussy and said, "There."

Susie looked down and said "How did that happen? Gosh, I saw that you kept looking down to my pussy. In fact, you were staring at my pussy when you first came up to the table. But I didn't know that you could see so much of my panties. Some of my panty peeking out from my dress would have been ok, I mean that's not bad, but wow, you have been seeing a lot, my whole pussy. This is probably too much right?" Mike just kept staring at her pussy. So Susie continued, "Mike, sweetheart, do you think other guys were looking and seeing what you saw? OK, can you help me? My hands are covering my tits and my nipples. I can't trust this horny bastard to button my skirt, he'll grope me down there. Would you button my dress?"

He said, "I'll try." I moved out of his way, he put the food down and reached for her dress. His hands were shaking. He reached for the button and began trying to button it. It wasn't easy because Susie had her legs open just enough to made it very difficult to get the button to reach into the button hole. As he was doing this, he was bent over and was leaning down so he could reach and see what he was doing.

Susie said, "Well, at least I wore cute panties today, huh? My boyfriend likes the light blue color. Tell me, do they look ok on me?"

Mike laughed a little, a nervous laugh, and said, "They look ... um ... great." His fingers were less than a half of an inch and his face was barely a foot away from her pussy and panties. As he was "working on the button Susie purposely moved to cause his hand to brush against her panties and pussy. My cock-teaser was doing a great job!

Susie said, "I'm sorry, I'm such a klutz. I moved and that caused you to touch my panties. It's my fault, so it's okay. Don't worry about where your sexy hands go, just try to button that button." He kept trying to button the dress but I noticed he kept has hand resting on her panties and pussy.

Susie said, "Let me try to help." She took one of her hands off her tits and placed it on top of his hands which were resting on Susie's pussy. This left her tit fully exposed again out of her dress top and because the guy was bending over to reach Susie's dress button, his face was inches away from her naked tit and nipple. Susie leaned in a little so her nipple was resting on the side of the guys face. If he turned his face, her nipple would have been in his mouth.

Then Susie "tried" to button the dress using her one hand, which of course wasn't working. Needless-to-say, what Ms. Cock-teaser was actually doing was pushing his hands down on her pussy. She spread her legs a little more so that his hand was right on het pussy lips. Susie was making little gyrating movements and was quietly saying, "Fuck ... ah fuck ... come one ... stick it in there ... come on." She was pretending to be frustrated that she couldn't get the dress buttoned, but I knew she was really talking to the guy, fantasizing about him fingering her while she pressed his hand onto her pussy and closed in on another orgasm.

Finally, Susie got the dress buttoned, so she sat back and acted surprised again saying, "Damn it, my tit was out again, oh and I didn't realize it was rubbing against your face, I hope you aren't mad at me."

He said, "Um ... no it's ok, honestly." His pants were bulging from his hard-on. You could see some drops of his pre-cum showing through his pants.

Susie said, "Oh you poor thing, look at what happened. Some of your cum leaked out of your hard cock." She patted his cock and continued, "I wasn't trying to get you all bothered, but I can feel that you are as hard as a rock. I had no idea I was doing this to you" as she squeezed the head of his cock. Finally, she let go of his cock and he slowly turned and walked away.

Susie said, "Do you think he liked that?"

I said, "Hell yes, he loved it, you saw his hard on and his cum! I couldn't believe you were holding his hand down on your pussy and rubbing your tit on his face." I reached over, undid the button she had just "worked so hard to fasten" and returned my hand to her soaking wet pussy.

She giggled, reached over, stroked my cock and said, "WOW! You are hard, I wish you'd pull this out right here so I could blow you and him at the same time!"

For the rest of breakfast while we ate and Susie finished her second Blood Mary, I had my hand massaging her pussy, lightly fingering her. She was really turned-on, throughout breakfast she made sure at least one of her tits was almost out or completely out of her top. She looked at me and moaned and continually begged me to fuck her.

We finished eating and paying the bill. Walking out of the restaurant, I had my hand up her skirt and on her ass. As we were walking toward the door, Susie turned us to where the blonde guy with the green shirt was sitting. She slowly walked up to his table and stood right in front of him. Her see-thru top was open, her nipples were hard, but at least neither of her tits were hanging out of her dress. She had her hand on her hip which opened her skirt to show a hint of her panties. Susie said, "Did you like the show?"

He said, "Fuck yes! You are hotter than hell! You were making the waiter touch your pussy when he was fucking around with your buttons. Your tit was on his cheek right by his mouth. You looked like you were orgasming when your boyfriend was fingering you. It was like watching a porno right here with a sexy beautiful chick who was staring right at me!"

This guy knew exactly how to talk to Susie; she was getting even more excited. Susie said, "I was showing-off to you on purpose when he was fingering me. I was thinking of your cock in my mouth while he kept putting his fingers further and further in me. I'll give you one chance, you can either feel my pussy or my tits, but which ever it is, you have to do it right here."

He said, "I'd love to touch your pussy. Then I'm going to take you to my car and fuck you like you've never been fucked before." Susie sat down next to him and practically melted. I sat on his other side. Susie grabbed one of his hands and put his finger in her mouth. She sucked on his finger like it was his dick. Then she lowered his hand down her front, stopping for a minute on her tits. He felt her tits and squeezed her nipples. She lowered his hand down to her pussy and put her hand on his cock. She began massaging his dick over his pants.

She began to unbutton his pants while she was saying, "I'm going to put your cock in my mouth. Finger me, come on, finger me. Take off my fucking panties, you can have them, take them off." He was fingering her then he stopped and began pulling her panties down. They were down to her knees. I was starting to realize this was going way too far. Susie had his cock out of his pants and in her hands and started to lower her face down to his cock. All of a sudden Mike, our waiter, walked right up to our table, none of us even saw him coming.

Mike looked at Susie's tits again and then looked down and saw that her panties were down to her knees and that the guy was fingering her like crazy.

Mike stuttered as he said, "You guys gotta get out of here. My boss will see you and will fire me!"

I chipped in, "He's right, come on Susie, we gotta make our escape." And with that I pulled her up. As she stood, her panties were still at her knees.

She looked to the guy and, of course, had to do one more tease, "Could you please pull my panties up for me?" He slowly pulled them up her thighs and over her ass. He was enjoying every last second of Susie. Then he cupped her ass. I grabbed her and pulled her to the door as I heard her favorite giggle again.

I said, "That was one hell of a breakfast. But remember, we have to go to the mall to get your panties before we go to the beach."

Susie was in a great mood to say the least. She said, "I took advantage of that poor waiter, imagine what he's telling his friends! And that blonde guy didn't waste any time. His finger was in me and his cock was rock hard in seconds!"

I laughed and asked, what's your mission at the mall? She obviously remembered, "I have to get my cute little red panties back so I have something to wear at the beach today."

I said, "Do you like them better than those see-thru light blue panties?"

She said, "You'll have to decide."

We got to the mall and got out of the car. As she walked, her top 4 and bottom 4 buttons were unbuttoned which made her outfit crazy scandalous. Again, her tits bounced everywhere; her nipples were hard and easy to see through the transparent material and you could get glimpse of her panties with her every step.

We went into the mall and, of course, became the center of attention. I wouldn't let her get distracted or slow down at all. I walked her directly to the Victoria Secret store we visited the previous week.

We were casually walking thru the store for a little bit, when we happened to come up to the store clerk who had taken Susie's panties the week before. She greeted Susie with a sensual smile and kissed her on the lips! I saw Susie's tongue go into the girl's mouth.

The clerk looked sensational. She wasn't much taller than Susie, was trim with perky tits and a well-shaped ass. I could tell that like Susie, she spent I great deal of time in the gym. Thru her very flimsy top you could see her sexy see-thru bra and her nipples. Her shirt clung to her ass and was short enough to remind me of skirts Susie loves to wear.

The girl said, "Hello you beautiful, sensual goddess. By any chance, did you come for your little panties that I have, by the way, worn three times this week?"

Susie said, "Yes, I'll wear them at the beach today, unless I just wear the ones have on now. It's his choice."

The clerk reached over and undid 2 more buttons on Susie's dress, opening her dress to her belly button -- right in the middle of the store. Susie returned the favor, she reached over and pulled the clerk's skirt up 4 or 5 inches, making the clerk's pussy, half her ass and Susie's red panties visible. What a sexy sight! Two sex- as-hell girls standing next to each other, both showing their tits and their panties. A dream come true!

The clerk looked at me and said, "Let's go into the dressing room so you can choose which ones she wears!"

We three went into the dressing room where Susie had changed the previous week. There was a bench against the wall. I looked at Susie and closed the dressing room drapes most of, but not all of the way. I said, "Susie, take off her panties. But make it fun, don't use your hands."

The clerk looked at Susie and said, "My name is Jill and I'm going to use my hands, both of them." With that, she unbuttoned Susie's dress the rest of the way and slipped it off of her. She looked into Susie's eyes and said, "I'll help you get started." Jill took off her blouse and her skirt.

I said, "Jill, stand up on the bench." Jill got right up on the bench.

Susie knew what to do. She walked over and began kissing Jill's pussy. Jill was moaning. I got my phone out to take pics and videos. Susie had her hands on Jill's ass, inside of her panties squeezing her cheeks. Then she began fingering Jill, who was going crazy, squirming and moaning and holding Susie's face on her pussy. Susie was licking Jill's pussy lips and fingering her at the same time. Susie's fingers would go from Jill's pussy to her mouth and back to her pussy.

Susie told Jill to lie on the bench. I couldn't take it and longer, I took my shorts off. Jill laid on the bench on her back. Susie put her hands under Jill's ass and lifted Jill's pussy up to her tongue, which was darting in and out and licking Jill's panty covered pussy lips like crazy. I was videoing everything. Jill reached over to me and grabbed me. She pulled me over to her and put my throbbing cock in her mouth. Then she moved Susie so that Susie's ass was close enough for Jill to reach Susie's pussy. She began fingering Susie while she continued to blow me. It was a great blow job, this sensational chick kissing the head of my cock with my camera just inches away.

I needed more cameras to catch the action. Then the switch happened! Susie moved so she could sit on Jill's face, she was humping her face, her mouth and tongue like mad. Susie took my cock and began blowing me and I took my fingers and began massaging Jill's pussy. The two girls were making all kinds of erotic sounds. People in the store obviously knew what was happening with the sounds and three people in the dressing room.

I told Susie to take off Jill's panties, reminding her she couldn't use her hands. Jill was lying flat, Susie began licking Jill's tummy just above the top of Jill's panties. She traced the outline of her panties with her tongue. Susie then licked Jill between her pussy lips. Susie grabbed my cock again and began blowing me like a wild dog! Susie moaned, "Open the curtain. Come on, open the fuckin' curtain."

Susie used her lips and teeth to grab ahold of Jill's panties. I got on my knees and began sucking Jill's tits, flicking her sensitive nipples with my tongue. I also reached my hand over to Susie's pussy and began fingering her as she was pulling off Jill's panties. Susie was cuming and cuming, she was so turned on. She was moving her mouth from each of Jill's sides to the middle of her pussy, getting a hold of her panties to pull them down. I lowered Susie's panties half way down her thighs, which Susie loved.

As I was sucking and licking Jill's tits, I all-of-a-sudden noticed that there was a guy and a girl standing in the opening of the curtain, looking into the dressing room. I was surprised! They must have been there for some time because he had her jeans open and pulled down below her pussy. He had his hands down her purple panties on her pussy and was fingering her. She had his jeans open and had his cock in her hand as she beat him off.

I looked at them and said, "Come join us!"

I took the guy over to Susie who had Jill's panties down to her knees. Susie took his cock and began blowing him, kissing his head and licking his shaft. The girl walked over to me and took her jeans off. I laid her next to Jill and I raised and spread her legs.

I began licking her pussy thru her panties as Jill began to lick her nipples. I then took her panties off and thrust my tongue into her pussy. I took my cock and put it in Jill's mouth. I only lasted a minute, it was so sexy-hot. I shot my load into Jill's mouth who smiled and swallowed it. She then kissed the head of my cock and licked my shaft. The guy with Susie was next, he shot his load into Susie, who also swallowed it all.

Susie then went over to the new girl and said, "I want a little bit of this." Susie began eating her out while I took videos. Finally, I began to break it up. Susie and Jill were exhausted. The new girl evidently wasn't done as she took her boyfriends cock and beat him off some more. She took my semi-hard cock and began blowing me. She stood up and bent over with her ass facing her boyfriend. He thrust his cock into her pussy as she blew me. We held these positions for a couple of minutes, then all three of us came again.

Slowly we began to get dressed. I gave Susie's lite blue panties to Jill and gave Susie the red ones. I took the girl's purple panties and asked, "Can Susie have these?"

The girls said, "Of course, as long as I get your phone numbers." We three all exchanged numbers and I was betting we would see more of them!

Everyone was dressed. All three girls looked like they just had great sex, there was no hiding it. Susie put on her red panties, once again left the bottom 4 and top 4 buttons unbuttoned. The girls kissed each other and we said, "Until next time!" as we left the store.

As we walked out of the mall, I said to Susie, "Ready to get some sleep on the beach?"

She looked at me, undid the 5th and 6th buttons of her dress and said, "Fuck yes."

We slowly walked out to the car as we left the mall. Susie was feeling as sexy as ever. Her dress was unbuttoned up to her belly button and down to below her beautiful tits. Only a couple of buttons held the dress together. Talk about a girl on display, she loved it! She was pulling her dress open and at was playfully pulling her panties down and up. She was laughing all the time.

I said to Susie, "Hey, quit showing-off, you are going to get us into trouble!"

We got to the car Susie opened the door and surprisingly unbuttoned the rest of her dress and slipped it off. She was standing there in the parking lot in her red panties and shoes. I immediately got another hard-on. Susie said, "I'm not getting in until you kiss me." She laughed and said, "Those guys over there want you to kiss me."

The 4 guys were 15 feet away. I hadn't seen them before. They loved the show!

I said, "Come on, I'll kiss you in the car." But she wouldn't relent. So I walked over to my nearly naked girlfriend and went to kiss her on the lips. She intercepted my face and lowered my face to her pussy. The guys got even closer.

She said, "Kiss me down here." I couldn't resist. I hand my hands on her ass and my face pressed against het pussy. My tongue was licking her pussy lips and darting over her panty-covered slit.

She loved it. Susie was moaning and humping my face. She was moaning, "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum for everyone here. Come on, I'm fucking cumming all over your face!" Her legs became weak, she was barely able to stand, but that gave me the chance to put her in the car seat.

I shut her door and began driving out of the mall parking lot. I never looked back at the guys and neither did Susie, thank gosh! 
