Entry tags: 

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 5/8
Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 5 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier, who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz!

Previous chapters here.

Chapter Five

“Just a little more, okay? Just a few more sips.”

Obediently, Spike swallowed, and the rich taste of fresh, healing blood filled his mouth. The blood slipped down his throat to his empty belly, somehow energizing and soothing at the same time. It wasn’t animal blood, although it wasn’t human, either. It was…sire’s blood.

Spike cracked his eyelids open.

Angel.

God, Angel was hovering over him, his face creased with concern. Spike squirmed a little and realized that Angel was holding his own torn wrist to Spike’s mouth, and that was the source of the blood still trickling into his mouth. Spike’s head was pillowed in Angel’s lap, and Angel’s other arm was slightly supporting his shoulders.

“Don’t try to move yet. Christ, you’re a mess. How long has it been since you fed?”

Spike blinked slowly at him. He wasn’t sure if this was real. Could be another hallucination. If so, he hoped it didn’t end soon.

“The wound’s closing. Want me to open it again, or do you want to wait a little while?”

Spike moved his head slightly to the side, breaking the contact between his lips and Angel’s skin.

“Okay,” Angel said, moving his arm away, and easing Spike’s head completely down onto his thighs. “Is this okay? Does it hurt your head?”

Spike tried to answer, but couldn’t summon enough energy. His lids felt so heavy. He thought he felt Angel stroking his face, but that truly was delusional.

He came to again in the same place, in the same mirage. Angel’s wrist was at Spike’s lips, and Angel’s blood was in his throat.

“Hey. Are you feeling a little stronger?”

Spike wondered irritably how he was supposed to answer with his mouth full of vampire. And then he realized that if he was capable of that thought, then he truly was a bit stronger. He swallowed again, and it didn’t just taste delicious, it felt wonderful, as well. It had been such a long time since he’d had sire’s blood. Dru used to let him sip at her now and then, but that was a decade ago. Angel’s taste had always been richer, stronger, more intoxicating, but Spike hadn’t tasted him since the nineteenth century.

Spike swallowed several more times, staring all the while into Angel’s brown eyes, which were filled with worry. For the first time in ages his stomach felt nearly full, and his wounds were beginning to heal. But then it occurred to him to wonder how much of Angel he’d drunk, and he groaned slightly and detached himself.

“Enough for now, huh? All right.”

Spike was better able to take stock of his situation now. He was still in the white room, although it was no longer so white, as the tiles were liberally streaked with rusty bloodstains, and plastic bags—both empty and full—were scattered about the floor. Angel’s back was against one wall, his legs out in front of him, and Spike’s head was across his powerful thighs. Spike became aware that Angel was as naked as he was, and he groaned louder. He must be a prisoner, too.

“How long have you been here, Spike?”

Spike tried to form words. “Don’t…know.” His voice was barely audible.

“How long after you left m—left LA did they catch you?”

He tried to think. “A week,” he finally said. “Perhaps…two.”

Angel shut his eyes as if he was in pain. “Jesus Christ,” he whispered. “That was a year ago.”

That piece of news didn’t surprise Spike. Didn’t especially distress him, either. Time had lost meaning to him.

“I’m sorry, William. God, I’m so sorry.” Angel’s eyes glistened with tears, and now Spike was surprised. Why was Angel apologizing to him?

“How….” he croaked. “How are you here?”

Angel leaned his head against the wall. “I…I was looking for you.”

Spike must not have heard correctly. His head was all muddled. “What?” he asked.

Angel sighed. “I was looking for you. I got a call a couple weeks after you left. My car’d been impounded in Nebraska. I figured you’d run out of gas money, or decided to steal something better, or, I don’t know. Hitched a ride somewhere. And then…all this crap started happening in LA, and I was really busy.” He banged his head softly back against the tiles, three times.

“The situation in LA got out of hand. I couldn’t…couldn’t handle it myself. So I left. Went searching for you.”

That made more sense, Spike thought. His grandsire needed an ally, and that was why he wanted Spike. Not because---Not for any other reasons.

“I couldn’t find any sign of you anywhere. And usually, you’re kind of a noticeable guy. You’re not really very good at lying low. But there was nothing.

“So I thought maybe Wolfram and Hart knew something. I mean, after what that Chaos demon said at The Pit, and what Lindsey told us…and I’m pretty sure they’re behind the shit going on in LA, too. I came to New York. Tried to sneak into their offices. Got caught.”

“Berk,” said Spike softly.

“Yeah.” Another heavy sigh. “Yeah. I’ve been in another cell for, I don’t know. A couple weeks maybe. Then they drugged me and I woke up in here. What the fuck have they been doing to you, Spike?”

“Persuading me to…join the team.”

“Fuck.”

Spike let his eyes fall closed. Just this short conversation had exhausted him. And, against all reason, he felt somehow safe, cradled in Angel’s lap like this. He knew the feeling wouldn’t last, so he ought to enjoy it while he could.

“Spike? Why didn’t you say yes?”

“Not…not to those wankers.”

Was that Angel’s hand gently brushing the hair back from his face? He couldn’t manage to get his eyes open enough to tell.

“Rest more, Will. We’ll talk later.”

Will?

He woke again with Angel’s wrist in his mouth. It was becoming a habit, although not one he regretted.

“Morning.”

Spike licked slightly at the wound. He was able to lift his own hands and use them to gently push Angel’s arm away. “’M taking too much.”

“Nah, it’s fine. They’ve been dumping plenty of animal blood in here. I’m feeding well.”

“I should drink that.”

“No. You’ll heal better with mine.”

It was true. In fact, he felt strong enough now that he slowly raised himself out of Angel’s lap and into a sitting position. He swayed a bit, and Angel caught his shoulder and steadied him.

“Why…why did they stick you in here with me?”

“Don’t know.”

It worried Spike, because he was certain the double-celling wasn’t accomplished out of the goodness of their shrunken black hearts. But there wasn’t anything he could do about it, so he painstakingly scooted himself around until he could lean his back against the wall as well, right next to Angel.

“We’ve got out of worse than this before,” Angel said, looking down at their bare legs. Spike’s were skeletal and dirty.

“Yeah? When?”

“That mineshaft in Yorkshire.”

“Pfft. That was easy. Just a load of lumpy locals to deal with. Besides, there were four of us, then.”

“What about that cave, that time, in, uh….”

“Afghanistan.”

“Yeah. Aghanistan. Those guys had guns and bayonets and—“

“But there were still four of us. Besides, that was a hundred years ago, mate. They didn’t have Tasers and dart guns and all those lovely toys.”

Angel sighed. Spike wished he could lean his head against that broad shoulder. That would be nice.

After a time, Spike said, “Lindsey’s here.”

“Yeah, I know. I saw him. Smug bastard. I should’ve killed him again, slower this time.”

“Sorry.”

Angel rolled his head so he was looking at Spike. “What?”

“I’m sorry.”

“I don’t believe I’m actually gonna say this, Spike, but it wasn’t your fault.”

“It was. I knew he was up to no good, and I still brought him home, and—“

“And it didn’t matter. They would have caught up with us sooner or later. There’s just so goddamn many of them, and they just keep coming….” His voice trailed away dispiritedly.

“You could give in, Liam. Go over to the dark side, yeah? I’m sure they could relieve you of that soul and then you’d have a brilliant time of it.”

“No,” Angel replied, simply.

Both were silent a long time. Then, quietly, Angel said, “Are you sorry you did it, Spike? Got your soul back? You wouldn’t be here without it.”

Spike had to consider this question for a time. He’d never been one to spend much time regretting the past—which was fortunate, because he had far too much of it to regret. If he hadn’t regained his soul, he wouldn’t have returned to Sunnydale. Then probably Angel would have worn that pendant, and…and it made his head hurt even to think about it.

Finally, he turned and looked at Angel. “’M not sorry,” was all he could manage. He wished he could explain why, explain that despite everything, he’d enjoyed fighting at Angel’s side again, this last few years. Enjoyed the closest thing to companionship and friendship he was ever likely to get from his grandsire. Enjoyed—Fuck. He couldn’t say any of that.

The days passed, marked only by the arrival of fresh bags of blood. The video screen didn’t reappear, and there were no agonizing shocks. Spike grew gradually stronger, and eventually he switched to feeding from the plastic packets. He would have preferred to continue to drink from Angel, and Angel didn’t seem to mind, but he didn’t need sire’s blood any longer. And every time Angel’s body was pressed to his, Spike was reminded of what he wanted and could never have.

There was nothing to do, still, but the boredom was much less with company, even when they were silent for hours on end. Sometimes they did talk, though. They reminisced about their adventures, both recent and long past. They speculated about what the Slayer and her crew were up to; neither of them truly had anything but the vaguest ideas. They learned a lot more details about what they had each done, the century or so they had spent apart. They even spoke of their human lives. Angel recalled his sister, Kathy, whom he’d murdered, and his father, with whom he’d never got on. And Spike talked about his own father, who’d been cold and distant to William and his mum, and whom William had barely missed when the old man died, just past the boy’s eleventh birthday.

They slept side by side in the tiny room, and Spike itched for the touch of the other vampire, but their only contact now was accidental, as when their shoulders brushed each other in passing. At least Spike could watch, though, and he did, silently admiring the play of powerful muscles under smooth skin. Sometimes one or both of their cocks would harden as they gazed at each other, and Spike reminded himself that in Angel’s case it meant nothing, just bloody demon libido, and they’d both stoically ignore their erections until they went away.

Spike expected that eventually, one or both of them was going to go mental, and then perhaps they’d finally dust each other. But for now, they were calm, as they waited for Wolfram and Hart to make their next move.

The next move began with drugged blood for both of them. They looked blearily at each other. Angel crumpled first, but Spike was only a second or two later. He had just enough time to be thankful that Angel’s body had cushioned his fall, and then he was out.

He awoke in less comfortable circumstances. He was, in fact, bound to what felt like a metal table. Heavy cuffs were snapped tightly around his ankles, wrists, biceps, thighs, neck, and forehead, so that the only movement he could manage was a slight arching of his back. He couldn’t even turn his head, but could only stare up at the ceiling, which was identical to that of his cell, but larger. For the first time in ages, he was out of that tiny room, but his situation really hadn’t improved any.

A quiet groan came from the floor to his left. “Angel?” he said.

There was an answering groan. A moment later, Angel’s face appeared to hover over his. His grandsire was looking a bit wobbly and green around the gills. “Spike? What the hell?”

“Can you get me out of this?” Spike was trying to pull against his fetters, but he was getting nowhere.

Angel walked around Spike, inspecting him and the shackles. “They’re locked. I can’t see any way to open them.” He tugged at them, too, hard enough that his fingers bled a bit, but they didn’t give.

“Where are we?”

“I don’t know. It looks just like our cell, only bigger.” Angel disappeared from Spike’s field of vision, and Spike heard him thumping and slamming at the walls. To no avail, of course.

Angel had just approached again when there was a whirring noise, and one of the ceiling tiles slid aside. A video screen dropped down at an angle that made it visible to Spike. The screen blinked on, and there were the three men, as usual. Lindsey’s face looked tight, though, and he had a small tic in one eye.

“Hello!” said Braddock jovially. “Enjoying the change in accommodations, boys?”

Spike and Angel growled in unison, which made Braddock chuckle. “Well, this has worked out even better than we’d hoped. Angel, Spike didn’t seem very pleased with our offer. But maybe we can interest you instead.”

“Fuck you,” Angel rumbled.

Braddock shook his head. “You are a stubborn family. Well, let’s give you some incentive, okay?” He pressed a button on the plastic device in front of him.

Horrible, ripping agony shot through Spike’s body. It wasn’t an electric shock this time. He had no idea what it was, in fact, and it didn’t really matter. It felt like every molecule in his body was bathed in holy water. It was worse than being consumed by fire. In a long existence in which he’d frequently made pain’s acquaintance, this was the worst he had ever experienced. He was never as thankful for anything as he was to finally lose consciousness.

He came to in his familiar spot in Angel’s lap. Angel’s fingers were carding through his hair, and the taste of sire’s blood was on his tongue. He blinked and looked around. They seemed to be back in their original cell, but it had been cleaned in their absence. The empty bags and bloodstreaks were gone, and the scent of ammonia was strong.

“Are you still hurting, Spike?”

Spike did a quick self-assessment. He ached in several spots where he must have bruised and torn himself against the shackles, but that was all. The all-encompassing pain was gone. Gingerly, he pulled himself up so he was seated. “Nah,” he replied. “’M all right.”

“Fuck. That was—“

“Did they hurt you as well?”

Angel shook his head. “Just you.”

Spike felt a bit of relief settle into him.

Angel scooted himself around until he was facing Spike, and laid a hand on Spike’s shoulder. “Spike, they said they’re gonna keep on…doing that to you, every couple days until I give in.”

Spike couldn’t suppress a shudder at the thought of more, but then he laughed bitterly. “Idiots,” he said. “Thinking that torturing me is going to get them you.”

“What do you want me to do?” Angel was staring at him intensely.

“Can’t do anything, can you? Except watch, I expect.”

Angel shook his head. “I can’t…I can’t let them torture you, Spike.”

“I’m sure it won’t endanger your redemption any. Not your bloody fault, is it? Besides, it’s only me.”

“It doesn’t have anything to do with redemption. I can’t…I don’t want to see you hurt.”

Spike’s mouth gaped open in shock. Angel scrambled clumsily to his feet and then stomped to the far corner of the room, where he stood with his arms crossed on his chest and his broad back to Spike. Spike stared at his tattoo for a moment and then got to his feet as well, only a bit unsteadily. He made his way the few steps over to Angel.

“Say again?”

Angel whirled, and stuck his angry face inches from Spike’s. “I don’t want you hurt, because I fucking care about you, okay? Happy now?”

Spike stood frozen in place for a moment, slowly processing what Angel had said. And then he felt an enormous grin nearly split his face. But Angel mistook it for a mocking smile, and he growled and pushed roughly past, clomping to another corner.

After another moment, Spike followed him, and he put a hand gently on Angel’s back. Angel tensed. Spike said, “I am happy now, actually.”

This time when Angel spun around his great brow was furrowed with confusion. “I’m not in the mood for games, William!”

Spike placed both of his hands on Angel’s shoulders. He looked up into Angel’s eyes, willing him to see the truth in what he was saying. “’M not playing.” He took a deep breath. “I care about you as well, git. Always have.”

He steeled himself for a blow, or an explosion of some kind. But Angel just stared at him, his mouth open. And then he reached out and grasped the sides of Spike’s head and yanked him forward for a hard, demanding kiss.

They both knew there was a camera watching them. Spike didn’t bloody care. Within minutes, he was pushed back against one wall, pinned there by Angel’s weight. Angel’s legs were slightly spread, and their lips were locked together in a kiss that would have suffocated them both if they had needed to breathe. Angel had his big hand wrapped around both of their achingly hard cocks and was applying exactly the right pressure while pumping his hips hard into Spike. Spike grasped Angel’s arse with both hands and the strong muscles underneath his palms bunched and stretched deliciously.

Spike’s head thumped hard enough against the tile that he saw stars for a moment, but he only clutched harder at Angel, and thrust his own pelvis forward. He was not going to last long at all.

And then Angel pulled his head away and Spike watched as his grandsire’s eyes turned yellow and his fangs descended. Spike arched his neck to the side and Angel struck.

“Oh, fuck…fuck…fuck…” was all that Spike could say as a lovely ribbon of fire made its way from his carotid to his groin, and then he couldn’t even say that much, but could only howl as his climax tore through him and Angel groaned into his skin and his belly was bathed in their cold seed.

Still shaking slightly with the aftershocks, they slid to the floor, both breathing in great gasps. Spike suddenly didn’t care about whether Angel would think him a big girl’s blouse. He crawled into Angel’s lap and wrapped his arms around those broad shoulders and pressed his head into the crook of his corded neck. Angel held him tightly and they rocked together, buffeted by joy and sorrow and release and relief.

Chapter Six