Author: Bulgroz the Third
Title: The Adjusters #9 - Delta Iota Kappa
Keywords: MF, mc 
Posted: September 2, 2010
Edited: March 24, 2011




			   The Adjusters #9


			   Delta Iota Kappa


The restaurant was quiet, the lunch rush having come and gone, and
Serena, Jenn, and Daniel were idling with tea and desserts before
taking on the afternoon. They were talking about the NADA party of
three days earlier, Daniel still reeling from the whole experience.

"I asked a med student friend of mine yesterday," said Serena, "and
what you described sounds like a stroke."

"Marjorie had a stroke?"

"That's the most likely thing, he said. It happened without warning,
yes?"

Daniel nodded. "Yeah, just before... well... as she was about
to... well... sit on Radhu."

"Those little fucks," growled Jenn. "Those NADA fucks. Explain to me
why we're not sicking the cops on them? They tried to mutilate Radhu,
for fuck's sake!"

"I talked to the cops, and they did send someone to investigate, but
no one's talking. More to the point, no one who was at that party is
saying that anything like what I described happened. It's my word and
Radhu's against everyone else's, and since Radhu was not really hurt,
there's not a shred of evidence backing us up. And the way Radhu's
been acting since the incident, well, it's not lending him any
credibility. If only I had snapped some videos or something, but no."

"So they're just going to get away with it?" Jenn was incensed, had
been for the past two days. She had taken it upon herself to care for
Radhu, who was recovering from the ordeal in his
apartment. Physically, he was fine -- a few bruises from the beating
he had suffered when he was jumped and captured, all healing nicely --
but mentally he was a wreck. Daniel could commiserate. Had he been
that close to being horribly castrated, he probably would have flipped
out too. The doctor had prescribed narcotics, with the view that the
main thing that would help him was rest, but Jenn had reported that
even through the drug haze Radhu's sleep was agitated, and he was
suffering from nightmares.

"Well, the cops are going to keep an eye on the place," said Serena,
"and I managed to convince my editor at the Daily to do a bit of
investigative reporting on NADA. So with luck, we can expose them for
something, if not specifically for what they did to Radhu."

Jenn looked barely mollified by that statement, but did not continue.

"Meanwhile," continued Serena, "we seem to have lost Marjorie again."

"That same guy was there, though, the guy from the alley. Not sure
what it means. He's the one pimping her out?"

"Maybe. And what's the story with those medallions?"

"Yeah," added Jenn. "That was creepy."

"I don't know," said Daniel. "I think it was just a gimmick, but no
one's talking."

"You said you'd talk to your friend Cindy about it. Did you?" asked
Serena.

"Yes, today, in class. She said she had no idea what I was talking
about -- she has no recollections of medallions, or anything funny
going on. She said that NADA asked her to be a waitress at the party,
and help with the entertainment. I didn't even bother asking her about
boinking the guests, her or the other girls. Frankly, she sounded so
convincing that she made me doubt my own sanity."

"But you were there," said Serena, "and you saw what happened, what
they did. Even if they deny it, it doesn't change the facts."

Daniel shook his head. "Everyone seems to be acting like absolutely
nothing weird was happening there, and they're pretty adamant about
it."

"Wait," interrupted Jenn. "Was that Cindy from class? Blonde,
short-skirts Cindy?"

"Yup."

"Wow! And... did you...?"

"No! Of course not!"

"Fine, fine... just checking."

"At least we now have another venue of investigation," mused
Serena. "We can try to find out who the girls worked for. Cindy told
you that NADA asked her to help them out. What about the other girls?
If we can find out who supplied their services..."

"Could be the same guy that sent Marjorie to visit Lake, our
drug-dealing friend."

Serena nodded. "Our elusive Snowman. Might be. By the way, I called
him a couple of days back, at the number that Lake gave us, left a
voicemail. Told him that a friend of a friend game me his number, that
I wanted to host a party and was looking for some entertainment, and
was told that he might be able to help me out, and that I was to ask
for MD."

"You think he'll bite?"

"Who knows? Meanwhile, I have to look into that frat again. You said
every waitress there had one of those charms bracelet, right? Can't be
a coincidence, that. It's time for me to confront those friendly folks
at Delta Iota Kappa. Jenn, what's wrong?"

Jenn had made a face at the first mention of the fraternity.

"Sorry," she said. "Guess I'm still wound up because of what happened
to Radhu and my emotions are just a bit close to the surface. I've
been having a few... issues with that frat, lately."

"What do you mean?"

Jenn looked at Daniel. "You remember that guy, Biff, we met in the
Quad a few weeks ago?" How could he forget? Jenn, playing out one of
his fantasies when he used his last card from their mind-control game,
had been making out with this guy Jackson from the frat when another
frat brother, Biff, had interrupted them by coming on to Jenn in a
fairly rude manner.

"Well," Jenn continued, "He's been following me. At least, I've seen
him around a lot more, and he's often looking at me."

"Maybe you're just noticing him more because now you know him. I mean,
you realize that there are many boys that look at you throughout the
day, don't you? You're kind of beautiful, love."

"Maybe, but I don't think that's it. It's the way he looks at me --
makes my hair stand on edge. Trust me, a girl can sense these
things. There are different kind of looks, and some just make your
skin crawl."

Serena nodded in agreement, and grabbed Jenn's hand and squeezed
it. "And then there was this morning," Jenn went on, her jaw setting,
"after my Modern Novel class. He was waiting for me outside of the
classroom. He had this cocky look on his face. I was with a friend,
and when he made a restroom stop, Biff came out of nowhere. He put one
of his big hands on my ass and squeezed. I turned around to tell him
to fuck off but he towered over me and I stepped back until my back
hit the wall. He put his hand by my face and I tried to slap it away
but he just grabbed my wrist and pinned my arm above my head. I
started to scream but his other hand clamped itself on my mouth. I was
trapped. And there was no one around. Biff was leering at me, and I
remember thinking that it was good that both of his hands were busy
because otherwise he had a look in his eyes that spelled out quite
clearly that he would have liked nothing more than run those hands all
over me.

"And then he spoke, his voice low, almost a growl. 'You left in a rush
last time, doll, before we could have our fun. A shame. We could have
had a good time, you and I. You are the most beautiful girl I've seen
on this godforsaken shithole. Don't worry though, we'll have another
chance. Before too long, I promise you, I'll get to know all the nooks
and crannies of this perfect little body of yours. And you'll beg me,
I swear, you'll beg me with your legs spread wide to stretch out that
little cunt of yours. You'll see. You'll be my slut, I promise
you. And you'll love every second of it.' He leaned down as if to kiss
me, and I was trying to find the right angle to slam my knee between
his legs when my friend came out of the restroom and jumped on Biff,
who had no difficulty pushing my friend back, but I did manage to
scramble away. Biff pointed a finger at me and told me 'You'll beg me
to fuck you, doll,' then he laughed and left."

Daniel and Serena were shocked silent at the story. They both crowded
around Jenn, who looked vaguely upset. "Jenn, my god..."

"I'm okay," she dismissed Daniel's concern with a wave of the hand. "I
mean, it was scary, but there was no real danger. Although I think
I'll be a bit more systematic about carrying my pepper spray from now
on."

"Fucking jerk," said Serena. "You want me to go beat him up?"

"Hey, that's my line," said Daniel.

"You can hold his arms down when I kick him in the nads."

"Let's go then."

"It's okay, guys, let it go. But thanks."

Serena made a face, then pulled out her notepad. "Biff... Biff from
Delta Iota Kappa. Why does that name ring a bell?" She thumbed through
her notes. "Ah, here we go. Biff Cusker. A junior. And cousin to Kevin
Cusker, president of Delta Iota Kappa. So that Biff guy is well
connected. Perhaps it may be worthwhile to ask him a few questions
while we're crushing his nuts."

"He doesn't strike me as the type to have answers, at least not any
that aren't grunts."

"Bet he would know how best to get in touch with his cousin,
though. Just something to keep in mind, it's all I'm saying."

Jenn looked at her watch. "Right. Yoga starting in fifteen
minutes. Just enough time to get there." She turned to Daniel. "Catch
you at home later? Next lunch's on me."

She kissed him, waved goodbye to Serena, then left in a hurry. Daniel,
as was his habit, watched her walk away.

"Ah... love... ain't that a beautiful thing," mocked Serena. "So
what's with this Biff guy?"

"What do you mean?"

"You reacted weird, that's all."

"He practically threatened to rape her!"

"Right. So why did you look guilty?"

"Just drop it, okay?"

"Fine. Watch me drop it. Plump. On the floor. So what about you two
then? Talked about next year's plans yet?"

"What's with the nosiness today?"

"Occupational hazard. So?"

"Do you see me asking you all sort of personal questions?" Daniel took
a mock-interviewing tone. "So, Miss Banks, have you shagged anyone
lately?"

"Sunday. Nice thick cock, too, the kind that when he's fully inside
you, you can't breathe."

"Fuck, I don't need to know this --"

"Fuck indeed. Stamina of a long-distance runner. Loves to take me from
behind, says he really enjoys the view. And we actually talked at some
point. Might be a keeper. Any other questions?"

Daniel sighed in defeat. "We're set to talk about it, Jenn and I, this
weekend. I'm taking her out to Da Maurizio."

"Wow, fancy."

"Well, I figured that we'll make it a celebration. She's going to get
her scholarship, and I'll be with her in Austin."

"That's amazing! Oh, I'll miss you guys so much!"

"Come to Texas too, then. The more the merrier."

"We'll see. Did you get the job then, the one you were talking about?"

"The Institute for Democracy. I talked to them -- they like me, I like
them, and I'm still on the fence. I may want to take a break for a bit
and figure out what I want to be when I grow up."

"Cheers to that."

"Huh, Serena? You very busy right now?"

"Not really, why?"

"While we're downtown, there's something I'd like you to come see with
me. I need a girl's opinion on this one."


				* * *


The Delta Iota Kappa fraternity house was a large two hundred years
old mansion dominating Fraternity Row, set back from the street, and
protected by large oak trees that both shielded the plan and gave it
an air of grandeur.

Inside, the original interior had given way several decades earlier to
a layout designed to accommodate several dozen students living
together. While the ground floor had remained essentially unchanged --
a grand ballroom, some living space, and an insanely large kitchen --
the upper floors had been redivided with smaller rooms for housing
brothers, as well as offices for official fraternity business.

It was in one of those offices, the one assigned to the fraternity
president, an elected position disputed every two years, that Kevin
Cusker could be found that day.

The young president, a graduate student in cognitive psychology, was
reclining in his oversized chair behind an oak desk rumored to have
belonged to the founder of the fraternity.

"Oh, that's very nice... Come on, you can take a bit more in. Yes, oh
yes... just like that."

Between his legs, a blonde girl, fully decked out in her Darnell
Mountain Lions cheerleader uniform, was lavishly sucking his cock,
bobbing her head up and down and taking a bit more than half of the
shaft into her mouth on each downstroke. Her blonde hair, gathered in
a long ponytail behind her, swayed with every thrust of her head, a
sight Kevin found fascinating. He stared down at the girl's chest,
still covered by her sweater bearing the logo of the school's football
team, and marveled at the girl's shape. She had the classical
cheerleader's body: tall, with long gentle curves that lead to two
long legs that looked perfect in that diminutive skirt her
cheerleading team wore. Legs that had fueled many a student's fantasy
over the past year. Yes, she had been a good choice. And her blow job
skills were coming along nicely, too. He moaned as she sucked on the
head of his cock particularly hard. Coming along very nicely
indeed. He toyed once again with the idea of having her strip and
reveal that incredible body of hers, and taking her, but he reminded
himself of exactly why she was here. Besides, she looked good kneeling
between his legs, and he was greatly enjoying her oral skills. The
charms bracelet on her wrist caught the light as she jacked him off in
time with her sucking.

The door to his office opened, and Kevin felt a pang of
annoyance. Only two people entered his office without knocking. His
thick cousin, Biff, and Doctor Cargyle. Since Biff usually betrayed
his presence with a heavy footstep and overbearing physicality, Kevin
had to assume that it was the good doctor dropping by for a
visit. Good timing, he thought, putting his hands on the blonde
cheerleader's head and guiding it further down onto his cock. Her
mouth was warm and wet, and what she was doing with her tongue was
fantastic.

"I see you're busy," said the doctor. "Should I come back later?"

"It's quite all right, please come in. I'm just testing out this
girl's programming. She's good. And a looker, too. A good find."

"If you say so. I just work on them. I don't do recruiting."

Kevin sighed. The doctor could be touchy at times, and this sounded
like one of those times. He pressed on the blonde's head to push his
cock further into her mouth, and he could feel her gag as the cock hit
the back of her throat.

"Of course, doctor, of course. Tell me, how is the girl doing,
Marjorie?"

"She's not doing well. I hate to say I told you so, but frankly, I
told you so. She was not ready. She wasn't ready when you started
sending her out on assignments, as you call them. And she wasn't ready
when you sent her to that NADA thing. Look, I'm only now starting to
understand how to keep a subject activated for prolonged periods of
time, and while Marjorie was an excellent subject under lab
conditions, she wasn't ready for unsupervised long-term
activations. She had a psychotic episode. She's sedated now, and
resting, but I don't think she'll ever be the same again. She may
never be able to function, period. If she even wakes up."

"So is she going to be stark raving mad, or just a vegetable?"

"Either's a possibility at this point. Or anything in between."

"Well, worse come to worse, I have some contacts that are always
looking for girls and that don't really care that much about their
mental health, or whether they're awake or not for that matter. We'll
just have to find other subjects for your experiments."

Doctor Cargyle shook his head. "As long as you promise me that you
won't send them out there. I'm telling you what I told you then, now
with evidence in hand: it is a bad idea. Perhaps one day, with enough
research, but not now. I mean, already peddling the girl for payments
and favors was risky --"

"Doctor, you made your objections abundantly clear at our last
meeting. As I told you then, the frat voted --"

"Bull. The frat does what you want it to do, Kevin. The brothers are
eating out of your hand. Dammit, my involvement here was supposed to
be kept low profile. I can't afford to be exposed. My former employers
are not the most understanding of people."

"Your former employers don't know where you are, doctor. And this is
indeed a low profile operation --"

"The bracelets, sure, that's as low profile as such things can
be. When we program a girl for use by the frat brothers, at least,
only frat brothers can activate them. And the brothers are more or
less sworn to secrecy. But those quasi-abductions like the Marjorie
girl, or the trick with the medallions at that NADA thing, or what you
did to that police officer, that's stupid, and dangerous. It's bound
to attract attention."

"It is lucrative though, and in the case of the police officer, good
protection. The NADA folks paid very good money for the service of the
girls that evening." 

"Bull again. You're not hurting for money, not to the extend of
risking attracting the attention of my former employers."

No, thought Kevin, it wasn't a money thing. The blonde cheerleader was
still dutifully sucking him off, saliva dripping on her chin, totally
absorbed in her actions, oblivious to the presence of the doctor. He
motioned to her to make less noise, but to continue her
ministrations. At least, it was not a money thing for him. But he had
a constituency to consider. His fellow brothers had elected him as
president on his strengths as a purveyor of easy pussy. That was the
blunt truth. When the doctor had shown up on campus almost a year ago,
on the run from his former company and looking both for a place to
hide and to continue his research, Kevin had seized the
opportunity. He had agreed to hide the doctor at the frat house and
treat him as an esteemed if elusive guest, and to let him set up a lab
in the basement, in exchange for using some of the technological
know-how of the good doctor to program girls to make them available to
his frat brothers. That platform got him elected as president, and he
was keen on preserving it. His brothers, in recent months, have felt
there was more opportunities to be had with the tricks that the doctor
had brought with him, and while Kevin had to veto their most
outlandish schemes, he also had to let them have their way once in a
while. The idea of turning a girl -- Marjorie -- into a whore for the
frat was such an idea. There was probably some suitable quote on
democracy and compromise he could use here, but it didn't come to him.

"I mean," continued the doctor, "it's bad enough that I had to go out
there and keep an eye out on that Marjorie girl myself and risk
exposure, but that reporter, Serena Banks, is hot on her trail. She
called me a few days ago, did you know that? She's trying to set up MD
as entertainment to a party. How she got my number is anyone's guess,
but since she used my Snowman monicker, I guess someone that hired MD
must have talked."

"Serena Banks? I know that name. She's been sniffing around the frat
for a while now. And she's also the one you told me ran after Marjorie
at the Spirited Flesh a couple of weeks ago?"

"Yes. And it turns out she's friends with those guys that were nosing
around the NADA party asking about MD. She's going to be trouble."

"And you said she got in touch with you? Trying to set up a little
evening with MD? Perhaps it is time to accommodate Miss Banks. Is she
cute?"

"Let's say that she would certainly please certain members of the
fraternity."

"Is there anything you can do to help make sure that Miss Banks stops
looking for her friend? Then Miss Banks gets a little adjustment and a
shiny charms bracelet, and the fraternity gets a new toy to play
with. And you get to do some research. Everybody wins."

Doctor Cargyle raised an eyebrow, and mused. "Perhaps I can try some
selective memory elimination and implantation... There was this one
technique that I was hoping to test..."

Kevin moaned as the blonde cheerleader at his feet, eyes tearing up,
managed to push the head of his cock into her throat for the first
time, and the sensations on his cock were overwhelming. Soon, he
thought, she'd be able to swallow any cock as deep as needed, a skill
he knew was highly praised by his frat brothers. She was a fast
learner.

"All right, doctor," Kevin interrupted, returning his attention to the
man in front of him who was still rambling about memory erasure. "I'll
let you work out the best way to deal with the Banks girl. In the
meantime, I have a present for you." Much to his chagrin, he pulled
the cheerleader's head off of his lap. "Trish," he addressed the girl,
"please go stand by the couch."

The cheerleader nodded, saying nothing in response, and only stood and
walked to the designated spot. The doctor followed her with his eyes,
not unappreciative of the young girl's beauty. Her school sweater was
tight, certainly, and her cheerleading skirt was short and exposed her
delicious long legs, but it was the heels that clinched it, since
cheerleaders rarely wore spike heels quite that high. They did wonder
for her legs, though. She stood at attention, head held high, utterly
calm. The doctor was running his eyes up and down her body.

"As I said, doctor, this girl is a present for you. My brothers and I
wanted to show you how much we appreciate your contribution to our
fraternity during the last year. And we figured what better way to do
so than by helping you indulge one of your fantasies?"

The doctor turned his head to look at Kevin, his eyes trailing just a
fraction of a second behind as if not wanting to leave the girl. "You
mean?..."

"Yes, she is a virgin. From what we've managed to gather, she was
saving herself for marriage, a rather quaint idea. Quite religious,
although I expect that will change in the coming years. We caught her
at just the right time."

"And she has been programmed? Well, I guess she has, otherwise she
wouldn't be here, would she?" The doctor looked down and saw the
silver charms bracelet on the girl's wrist. "Funny, I don't remember
programming her."

Kevin shrugged. "We do have a couple of smart folks here with us. And
they were willing to pull some overtime to help figure out a way to
thank you. So they took care of the programming. Although to be
honest, I'm not so sure the programming's any good, so you'll probably
want to check her out before we send her out there. But right here,
right now, she should be fine. I was testing her oral skills just
now. She's pretty naturally talented."

"How did you know?"

"How did I know that you have a -- shall we say -- thing for virginal
young things? People hear stuff, remember stuff." He shrugged
again. "And that's not it, is it? There's more. So we've also thrown
in a little something special for you. Trish," he said, addressing the
girl, "open your eyes to your dick brother."

The blonde girl did not change her position, still at attention in the
middle of the room, but her eyes now showed what could only be
described as panic. The doctor noticed immediately.

"Wait, you let her be aware of her actions?"

"But her body still reacts to the programming only, and not to her
will, yes indeed. It took some work, but the guys figured out a way to
do that."

"Mucking about with someone's brain is not trivial, you know
that. Those guys of yours might have done irremediable damage to this
girl."

"Well, if she's broken beyond fixing, we can give her the same
treatment that awaits the Marjorie girl."

"You callousness towards human life would have made my former
employers proud, you know."

Kevin smiled easily. Whatever moral qualms he had were thoroughly
compartmentalized.

"Just enjoy your gift, doctor, and let's save the ethics debate for
later, shall we?"

"Fine. Do you mind if --"

"Please, go ahead." Kevin gestured to the blonde cheerleader. "Trish,
you will obey the good doctor like you would me. Doctor, she's all
yours. Would you like me to leave?"

"No need." The doctor stood and slowly walked towards the blonde girl
who was still standing motionless, with a frightened look in her
eyes. He ran his hand down the side of her face, pushing a strand of
hair and hooking it behind her ear, then ran his hand down to her
chest, caressing the girl's breasts through the sweater. He slid one
hand under the sweater to squeeze the ripe flesh directly. Kevin knew
she was not wearing a bra. The doctor locked his eyes on hers, wanting
to catch every nuance of her expression. He smiled when his hand
trailed down to her legs, sliding up the inside of a thigh and pulling
her short skirt up as his hand found her pussy unobstructed by any
panties. He ran his finger through her slit, then pulled it up and
showed it to her.

"You're wet," he whispered. "Your body knows what's what, even if your
mind doesn't. Don't worry, I'll be gentle. Who knows, by the time
we're done here, you might even discover you like sex."

He looked at her a moment longer, then gave her a kiss on the cheek
and told her to service him. Trish moved then, and quickly grabbed the
doctor by the head and pulled her lips up to his and kissed him -- a
ferocious, hungry kiss. He responded in kind, wasting no time to reach
down, lift her skirt again, and this time fondling her ass, round and
soft and very receptive to his caresses. Kevin, from behind his desk,
looked at the proceedings with an interested eye. His cock was still
hard, and he hoped the doctor might invite him to join in.

Trish had broken the kiss, and was now pushing her body up and down
against the doctor, looking for all the world like a stripper against
her pole. She was making little cooing noises, and Kevin was once more
amazed at how the technology that the doctor had brought with him,
courtesy of his former employers, could so effectively rewire a human
brain so that it acted so against its own volition. Here was this
girl, by all accounts prude and raised to believe that anything sexual
with a man who was not her husband would earn her a permanent vacation
in the pits of Hell, yet here she was rubbing her cunt against a
stranger, about to lose her virginity to him, and looking nothing less
than perfectly eager. Well, except for the look in her eyes, thought
Kevin, shaking his head to himself. Well, if that was part of the
doctor's twisted fantasy, who was he to judge? Come to think of it,
for a man whose research revolved around the notions of will and
identity, that his fantasy life would involve subverting those same
notions was hardly surprising.

Before him, the doctor had made his way to the couch lined up against
one wall of his office. He was stripped down to only his shirt, and
sported an impressive erection. He was sitting down, his legs spread,
and he motioned for Trish to strip, a hand on his dick. Trish complied
with a smile. She shimmied out of her sweater first, and the doctor
and Kevin drank in the view of her large breasts bouncing around,
unfettered by any constraint. The skirt she had on was much less
problematic; she simply unclipped the side and it fell at her feet,
leaving her completely naked but for her heels. The doctor just
admired her for several seconds, and Trish obliged, thrusting a leg
forward and arching her back to emphasize her chest.

"Fuck you're beautiful!" said the doctor, an uncharacteristic rumble
in his voice. "And you're sure you're still a virgin?"

Trish replied in a sing-song voice befitting a cheerleader. Kevin
wondered if the boys had programmed that in too. After all, he knew
that Trish was an English major, and supposedly a fairly good one at
that. "Yes, sir. I've been saving myself for marriage. The body is
sacred, and a gift to us from the Lord."

"Yours certainly is. But before we argue theology, how about some oral
worship?" He reclined on the couch, legs spread, his dick hard and
pointing straight up.

Trish went down to her knees in front of the doctor, and repeated her
earlier performance when Kevin was the target of her skills. She once
again started slowly, licking the head of the cock bobbing in front of
her, one of her hands jacking up and down the stiff shaft, before
taking the head between her lips and sucking it in. Before long,
Trish's head was bobbing up and down, taking most of the doctor in her
mouth, her ponytail bouncing rhythmically. The doctor was moaning
softly, slumped into the soft cushions, his eyes closed.

Kevin, still sitting behind his desk, his own dick clamoring for
attention, looked at the doctor enjoying his foreplay, and noted how
silent he was. Ah, old people, he thought. Always kind to women.

Kevin shifted his gaze from the doctor's face to Trish, still busy
sucking, completely oblivious to the world. Like all the other girls,
she had been programmed to sexually satisfy the brother who uttered
her trigger sentence, while still retaining enough of her personality
to avoid her simply acting as an automaton, a robot. It was actually
fairly simple, all things considered, to wipe our someone's mind and
have them blindly follow commands, the doctor had explained to him,
but aside from the fact that they were then nothing more than flesh
Barbie dolls -- pretty but ultimately somewhat unsatisfying -- they
also tended to be accident prone and utterly incapable of the simplest
reasoning tasks. The skills of the doctor lay in his knowing how to
retain enough of the higher-level functions of the brain so that the
programmed person remained able to interact and engage and reason --
able to, say, cross the street without getting killed -- but still
obeyed instructions.

Kevin looked at Trish, pleased with his choice. When Kevin had
requested they try to find a virgin, his brothers in charge of
choosing girls to run through programming and get fitted with
bracelets -- the dick girls -- told him he might have to settle for
some lesser quality material, but Trish was as pretty as any of the
other girls they had already acquired.

Trish was almost down on all four between the doctor's leg, letting
him dictate the thrusts of her face on his cock -- he had her head in
his hands and was pushing and pulling her down. Without the use of her
hands, Trish was completely at the doctor's mercy, but she let herself
be guided without complaint -- in fact, if the slurping and sucking
sounds were any indication, she was enthusiastic about it. The
position she was in thrust her ass up, giving Kevin a perfect view. He
had the sudden desire to drive his cock into that blonde cheerleader
from behind, forcibly ripping her into adulthood. Perhaps he should
call up another girl to service him while Trish and the doctor were
getting it on?

The doctor eventually pulled Trish off his cock, a long strand of
saliva connecting it still to Trish's mouth as she tried to catch her
breath. The doctor told her to lie down and spread her legs. Trish did
so, and the sight was a beautiful one. The blonde cheerleader spread
her long legs wide, and the doctor kneeled between them and asked
Trish to pulled her legs up and hold them under her knees. She did so,
and the doctor stared at her snatch that opened up slightly in that
position. The doctor stared a long time, Trish waiting patiently,
Kevin wondering what he was doing. The doctor then asked Trish to look
at him. She did. Kevin could just imagine what the doctor was
seeing. Fear? Panic? The knowledge that what she had worked so hard to
preserve in those last years would be taken away from her very soon,
with her body's unwilling participation? The poor girl probably did
not understand what was happening, why she could not stop herself from
exposing herself as she did, from offering herself to that man, why
her body was so aroused by the idea. The doctor stared a long time,
unhurriedly stroking his cock.

The room was silent. The doctor was not the vocal type, and Trish's
programming automatically picked up on that, and kept her from talking
much herself. When the doctor lied down on top of the girl, who was
still holding her knees up, and pushed his cock into her in one long,
slow thrust, she only moaned. The doctor was looking straight into her
eyes as he tore into her virgin womb, probably to catch all the
details of the violation that the blonde cheerleader was
feeling. Kevin had to admit that while it was a fucked up fantasy, it
was kind of a turn on. Too bad his friends warned him that this was an
unstable feature, for he was sure that some of the brothers would get
a kick out of fucking girls who were aware but could do nothing about
it. Perhaps the risk of instability was worth it. He would have to
discuss this with the doctor, who at that moment had his cock pushed
fully inside Trish and was not moving, eyes locked on the blonde girl
who was making small movements with her hips. Then the doctor slowly
pulled his cock out, before pushing it back fully inside once
again. Trish's back arched and she moaned. This dance repeated itself
with greater intensity and soon the doctor was fucking the blonde girl
with long hard thrusts that elicited groans and shook the small girl's
frame, making her breasts bounce enticingly. She was still holding her
legs up by the knees.

The doctor finally shoved hard into the girl with a great twist of the
hips, and Kevin could tell he was exploding inside her. After a while,
he collapsed on top of Trish, and she caressed his hair much as a
lover would.

His gaze crossed Kevin's and made a vaguely apologetic face. "Sorry
for just investing your office like this."

"Not a worry," replied Kevin. "I was kind of expecting that
anyways. Besides, it was a good show. She's pretty good, isn't she?"

"Hell yeah! She's amazing. Where did you find her?"

"English department, of all places. Like she needs to be able to read
to cheer her little tushy off. Say, you should get her to clean that
up for you." Kevin was nodding at that doctor's cock, which had
slipped out of Trish's pussy, and was coated with a mixture of her
juices, his cum, and faint traces of blood.

"Huh, sure. You got a towel or something?"

"Or she can just use her mouth. She's here to please you, you know."

"Oh. Right. Of course."

The doctor rolled over to sit with his back against the seat of the
couch, legs spread, and Trish, who had followed the conversation,
leaned over and took the doctor's cock back in her mouth, cleaning her
juices off the now soft member.

Kevin stared at the girl between his associate's legs, and at the
perfect ass sticking straight up in the air once more, and
grunted. Why not? He cleared his throat.

"So, I realize that she's your gift right now and all, but she never
finished her blow job before, and left me kind of dangling, so to
speak. Would you mind if I..." He left his sentence hang in the
air. Just what were the conversational conventions on asking someone
whether you could fuck their toy?

The doctor understood immediately. "By all means. Help yourself. You
don't mind if I have her continue? Her mouth feels delightful, and I
may just get hard again."

"Not at all," replied Kevin, standing up and unbuttoning his fly. "I
have my eyes on another part of her anatomy anyways. Time to teach her
doggy style. Oh, and thank you."

Trish had heard everything and seemed to be anticipating the frat
president's cock, as she started swaying her ass left and right in
slow, almost hypnotic movements, keeping time with her sucking. The
doctor's cock was starting to get hard again, and she had gone from
simply cleaning the shaft to blowing him, her head bobbing up and down
on the hardening member, taking most of it into her mouth, slurping
loudly.

Kevin kneeled behind the blonde girl, and ran a hand over the offered
backside. It felt wonderful, soft and yielding. Putting his hand
between her legs, he ran a finger through her slit, making the girl
moan around the cock in her mouth.

"Ah yes," he said. "Our little virgin really liked her first
experience getting fucked, didn't she? Was it all you were hoping for?
Do you want more? Tell me."

Trish pulled her head off the doctor's cock momentarily, and looked
back at Kevin. "Yes, please, put it in, stuff me, fuck me." He loved
the expression deep in her eyes, there for all to see -- the
disbelief, the fear, the complete lack of understanding at having no
control over her own body. He could definitely grow to like it.

"Tell me then how much you want it inside you -- tell me how stupid
you were to wait for so long to feel a man's cock inside you. Beg me
to teach you all those things that you haven't learned because you
were too high and mighty to let a man enjoy that fucking body of
yours. Go on," he slapped her ass, a short sharp slap of the hand that
sent her cheeks jiggling, "tell me." Unlike the doctor, Kevin liked
his sex noisy.

Trish was still looking back at him, the wanton look on her face
belied by the one in her eyes. She was jacking off the doctor, her
hand pumping up and down the now completely hard shaft.

"Please," she moaned, "I'm so sorry I waited so long to get fucked. I
know better now -- there's nothing more wonderful than being
completely filled with male flesh. I promise I'll be the best fuck
you've ever had. I know I have a lot to learn, but I'll be a good
student. I'll watch porn. I'll learn everything that makes a woman
attractive to a man -- I'll learn to suck cock like a crack whore,
I'll learn to make a man come by squeezing him just with my cunt, I'll
learn the best way to wrap my tits around a cock. I'll let you slap me
around if you want, tie me up. I'll let you do whatever you want to
me. I'll be your slut, your whore, your pet -- just please stuff your
cock inside me, please!" She pushed her ass back towards Kevin,
lifting it even higher, beckoning.

Kevin smiled, slapped her ass once more and poised himself at the
threshold of her pussy. "Go back to sucking the doctor's cock, my
little blonde slut. I want you to make him blow his load with only
your mouth and swallow everything. Show him what a good little cock
slut you are."

And when Trish had turned her head back and pushed it down onto the
doctor's cock as ordered, Kevin pushed his own shaft inside her. Trish
moaned around the flesh in her throat, and Kevin marveled at the
tightness he encountered as his cock seemed to part the blonde's
insides. He did not remember ever entering so tight an orifice. It
felt amazing. He pushed his cock all the way in, eliciting a groan
from Trish, though whether from pleasure or pain he could not tell.

They quickly settled on a rhythm where Trish sucked the doctor noisily
while Kevin fucked her with mighty lunges that sent the girl
shaking. The doctor could not take that level of stimulation for long,
and with a loud groan grabbed Trish's head and pushed his hips up and
came deep inside the girl's mouth, forcing her to swallow frantically
to avoid choking. Kevin was getting close as well, and the visual of
Trish being fed cum from the doctor was doing its job getting him even
closer to the finish line. His thrusts became more vigorous, and
Trish, whose mouth was now free, moaned and groaned in time with his
cock bottoming out. Her pussy was squeezing his cock delightfully, and
he could feel the tension in his balls announcing an imminent
ejaculation. He thought for a moment about spewing deep inside her,
asking her to turn her head and look at him while he desecrated her
womb, but finally decided he wanted something else.

"Fuck," he groaned, "turn around and suck me." He slapped her ass
again, and Trish scrambled to twist and take his cock in her
mouth. She barely had time to wrap her lips around the head when he
shoved hard, banging the back of her throat, making her gag, and the
feel of her throat squeezing around his cock was the final straw and
he unloaded. Trish was caught by surprise, and she struggled against
his hands which were keeping her head down against his spurting
shaft. Semen came out of her nose and some dribbled down the sides of
her mouth, and she was having problems breathing. Kevin eventually let
her go, and she collapsed on the ground, coughing and retching.

Kevin winked at the doctor, who had watched the finale silently, and
reached for his pants.

"Welcome to Delta Iota Kappa, my little blonde cheerleader. I think
you will be very popular here. Now, what do we say?"

Trish, having caught her breath, looked up at Kevin, panic still clear
in her eyes, but her expression a smiling one, with just a hint of
naughtiness. "Thank you for a great fuck, sir. I hope I pleased you,
and that you'll want to use my body again. I promise I'll do better
next time. Do you want me to clean you up?"

Kevin smiled. "Maybe later." He turned to the doctor. "Doc, please
take Trish here and give her a good look over. I don't really trust
the kids with her programming. When you've checked her out, feel free
to send her back out into the world. Standard procedure. Although," he
said looking back at Trish, "if you can figure out a way to keep in
the awareness part of the programming, please do so. I think the
brothers would really enjoy that."

