naked in school
by jazz1985

Emily walked into high school and went to History class teacher Mrs. Bailey today in history class we will discuss the history of knights of Templar and there conquest of the holy land in 13 century.  when principal Julie came over the intercom please excuse the interruption i need to see Emily in my office right away. Mrs. Bailey said go ahead and go to the office i will have Mary to take notes for you. thanks said Emily she left the class and walked down to the office and greeted by Mrs. Julie you needed to see me yes please come in and close the door behind you.  Julie walked behind her desk sat down. Emily please take a seat. first said Julie your not in any trouble in fact just the opposite you have been chosen to be permanently naked for the rest of your high school days into your college days . here is your lifestyle registration id card and booklet of things your allowed to do. Emily asked Julie who selected me all i can tell you he is a very wealthy man in the community. Also her are the keys to your new car parked out in parking lot. Emily went and stripped off her clothes and took out wallet and cell phone and house keys. Julie Handed her a fanny pack to put wallet and cell phone and house keys in and put id card in plastic sleeve in front of the fanny pack.


Part 2

Emily walked out to her new Bentley and open it and look around all to the high tech upgrades. turn it on to hear the roar of the new engine purred beautifully and full tank of gas. locked the car back up and return to history class in her Birthday suit and finished up history class. her next class was science with Mrs. turner and took her seat today class we will be talking about messy play. on my desk is slime, gunge, syrup and custard. Mrs. Turner continued each item has a texture feel that is special in its own way. do i have a brave person that would like to get all messy today?  Melanie raised her had come up to the front of the class.  Melanie stripped off her clothes sat them away to stay clean. she sat in the blow up pool Mrs. Turner picked up the gunge and began pouring the gunge over Melanie head and it slid down her body till she was totally covered. poured small amount of custard over her body and let Melanie enjoy the mess in the pool. time to get cleaned up Melanie okay she walked over to indoor shower went in and turned on the water took shampoo and washed her hair and rinsed and pick up the body wash and washed her body and rinse it off and turned off the water and then grab the towel and dry off with.

Mrs. Turner handed her clothes over the shower and slid them on and walked out well class that is all for the day. then school day came to close and Melanie walked out of school and walked to her new car got in and started it right up and back out of the parking lot and headed home in north hills sub division and pulled into the driveway with rev of the engine and turned off the car and grabbed book bag and slid fanny pack around her waist and used the key to enter the house and was greeted by mom Amy hi honey how was your school day. well i am permanently for life it was paid for by a wealthy man in the community and he bought me a new car too. wow said mom Amy you look great in your birthday suit. thanks mom.
