I have been showing images of myself, well if I'm honest, which you all know I am, Hubby has been showing images of me, for a few years, on private and very selective sites. We or rather he, has encouraged me to do more and more daring poses, following the reactions of guys and often girls, who comment on them. Hubby loves to shoot images of me and will spend hours selecting the best ones, editing them, trying them in black and white etc and to be fair, he's pretty good at it. Me, I love to see that at my age men and the occasional woman find me a turn on, which is good for the old ego.
So it was, that as I sat one miserable wet morning in November last year looking at the comments on a new shot of me, I spotted a rather odd, well at least odd to me, comment.
'Hey, you are gorgeous. Do you cam?' Paul.
'Do I cam?' I had never thought of or even tried to 'cam'. If I'm honest, I wasn't even sure how to cam, let alone do it. So I left it there. I left it there, but the thought wouldn't stay left. It began to eat away at my thoughts. I found myself thinking about cam, or as I discovered, 'camming' as it's known. I hadn't even done a video call to my Hubby and was really in the dark ages when it came to this new way of thrill seeking. Nope, nope, I would let this go and so let it go I did...for at least a week.
Then there he was again, but this time it was a personal message on our profile page.
'Sorry if I upset you with my request, it's just that you're stunning and I'd love to chat on cam, you don't have to show your face or anything' Paul.
So, intrigued about this Paul, I checked him out. I looked up his profile. On his profile was scant information and only one photo of him and he was not naked, topless, but not naked. At least it wasn't the usual 'cock shot' only image. He was young, or so he claimed, but don't they all. He was in the U.K and he was quite polite in his comments to other ladies. Hmmm, maybe checking out this camming game might not be so much risk, I mused. Next stop Amazon. There I was sat baffled on the lounge floor, laptop balanced on my knee, checking out webcams that were not too expensive and offered what I guessed was a good spec. Basically I had no idea what to buy, but £20 couldn't be too much of a risk, surely?
"Can I go on cam with a guy called Paul?" I dropped like a very large casual bomb into our lunchtime conversation that Saturday.
Well there's only one way to get things out in the open and that's to talk about them, right? Hubby, was not as shocked or even angry as I thought he might be. Showing images of me is one thing, but this, he might see as a step too far. He didn't. He was surprised, yes, but not upset or angry. He was slow in his reply, but then he often is.
"What do you want to do?" he questioned me. "How far do you want to go?"
He added, putting his bacon roll down on the plate and looking me in the eye. How far did I want to go? That hadn't crossed my mind, until now. Would Paul want me to get naked? Would he get naked? Would he expect me to do more than just, if you can 'just' that is, get naked.
"Erhh," I struggled to get my thoughts out. "I'm not sure."
I managed, and with that I guessed I perhaps wasn't ready to take this huge leap of faith or was it madness. Nope it was a step too far, Hubby was right. If I didn't know what I was getting into, or even what I wanted to get out of it, then perhaps I shouldn't, so once again I put it, or at least tried to put it, to the back of my mind. I say I tried, but it stayed 'mid mind' and the longer it stayed there, the more it played on my curious side.
Paul was the first and so far only man who had contacted me and asked the question. He had been polite, not threatening, or pushy and made me feel like I wanted to at least push myself to have a go. So it was some three weeks later that once again I asked Hubby the question. Only this time I turned it more on him.
"If I was to go on cam with this Paul guy," I began mid way through the miserable rubbish of British Saturday night T.V, "Would you be o.k. with it?"
Hubby stopped moaning at the television, turned the volume down on the remote and swivelling on the sofa he spoke, slowly, with carefully chosen words.
"Jo love," he began. "If you want to cam, get naked and have some safe sexy fun with this Paul, or whatever he's called, then go for it."
I remember being shocked at his apparent lack of upset and concern, so that was it, I could cam, I would. Whether I should, would remain to be seen.
Like a naughty school girl I immediately grabbed the laptop and as Hubby went back to bemoaning the lack of good T.V, I logged onto the site. After finding Paul's last message, that was now at least three weeks old, I typed a hurried and if witnessed, possibly frantic message to Paul.
'I would love to cam with you,' I typed. 'I've set up an account with Skype, here's my addy'.
'CLICK' there, it was sent. Now what? There was an element of anticlimax as I slumped back into the soft sofa, but there was a warm tingle deep inside. The feeling of anticlimax lasted for another five days, as every time I checked my inbox, it was just the same as it had been the day, the hour, the minute before. Perhaps Paul was not keen now. Perhaps my delay had sent him into the arms, well cam, of another hotter more available woman, perhaps... Perhaps I was losing the plot!
"Oh, Jo," Hubby shouted from the kitchen on Friday night, as he made dinner. "That Paul has messaged you; he's free to cam tonight about 9.30." He added, like it was the least news worthy story of the day, "He sounds quite keen."
"Oh my God," I shouted, "Why didn't you say when I came in, what do I do, what do I wear, what time...oh fuck...should I, what do you think?"
I blurted out like a maniac. Hubby, walked into the lounge, pasta plated up and sat down quietly at the table.
"You joining me?" He asked like he had heard none of my inane rant. "Relax," he eventually added.
"Just get the laptop and cam you bought, set up in the bedroom, pop on your tight black dress and heels and WHAM BAM."
He waved his arms in the air and laughed out loud. I must have look crest fallen and lost, as he reached across the table, took my hand in his hand and smiling said calmly, "You look great, you can always just switch him off, and I'm only going to be downstairs if you feel like you need me."
He was right of course. There was nothing to worry about, was there?
Dinner pasted in a blur of small talk. I spoke, nodded and agreed over pasta and cheese cake, but my mind was very much elsewhere. My head was full of doubts and worries. What if he took one look at me and switched me off! What if his profile photo was a fake and he was an old fat rude pig of a man, like some sex predator, what if... Then there I was, sat on the bed the laptop set up in front of me. The webcam perched on the stool from my dressing table, to give a better view; well at least I hoped it might. I had on my very tight, very clingy, short black dress and my highest black high heels. I had also spent the last hour perfecting my make-up and finishing off my look with 'Blaze Red' lipstick. Hubby said I looked stunning and I must admit that moments before I sat on the bed, I had smiled at how well I looked in the full length mirror. 'Oh Paul,' I thought. 'I hope this is going to be fun, and what
you expect.'
My worries about whether this was going to be fun or not was cut short by the weird tones coming from the laptop. It was Skype and to be more accurate, it was Paul. Hubby blew me a kiss as he left the room and smiling whispered,
"Have fun and only do what you feel like doing."
I could have cried like a child left on its first day at nursery, but instead I took a big breath in, blew it back out and clicked the video call icon. The screen stuttered for a minute and then there he was. 'Phew,' I whispered in my head, he wasn't naked; he was in bed and covered in what looked like a white sheet, his laptop to one side, and more importantly, he looked like his profile picture.
"Hi there," He cheerily offered by way of an introduction, "Paul here, you look stunning, if it's alright to say so." He added, like I was going to say how dare you.
My mind and I must say my rather stiff body relaxed a little as he spoke more. He was younger looking than his image had suggested and his bare chest was, to say the very least, muscled and rather impressive. We made more and more relaxed small talk as we both, I suspect, got more comfortable with each other and the situation. He asked where I lived and I replied with a vague area, as Hubby is very particular about people knowing where we are. We chatted about life in general and then, only then, did we, well Paul, begin talking about my images.
"I love your photos," He smiled, "they're so sexy, you have stunning legs and great tits."
Well that was to the point, I thought, but smiling back could only manage,
"Your body is lovely too."
"You think?" he questioned. "Would you like to see what your body is doing to mine right now?"
O.k., so you might think I'm stupid, but at that moment, I had no idea what he was suggesting, but as I smiled and said, "Yes, I'd love that."
He did what I had most definitely not been expecting. He pulled the white sheet off in one swift, theatrical, movement to reveal the biggest, hardest and veiniest cock I had ever seen. I must have looked quite ridiculous as I gasped a very audible,
"WOW!"
My eyes wide and my mouth wider. A bemused smile ran across my lips, he was porn star big.
"Do you like it?" Paul asked as his hand, which I noticed was struggling to encircle his thick shaft, moved slowly and deliberately up and down, from just below his engorged helmet to his shaved balls. I was transfixed, by it. Until this moment, I had never been a fan of big cocks, neither in photos or even porn films, but this was real, live and I had caused it.
Me 48 year old me, wow. It was the biggest thrill I had ever experienced and my dry throat and spinning brain, struggled to make words come out, well words that would have made any sense any way. I wanted to reach through the screen and touch it, hold it in my hand and feel ever veiny inch. I wanted to cup and gently squeeze his shifting balls and taste him. Oh God I wanted to taste him so, so badly.
Without thinking twice or saying a word I slipped both hands inside the top of my dress and with slightly shaking hands, pulled the straps from my shoulders, popping out my big full boobs, shifting from sitting on my bottom to kneeling up to give him the very best view of them. I cupped and squeezed them, pinching and rolling my erect nipples between long red finger nails, before showing him my party piece. Lifting my left breast high, I dipped my head to run my tongue slowly around the nipple, leaving it hard, wet and glistening with my saliva.
"Fuck, baby," he gasped, "Fuck they're awesome; I really need to cum for you if you'll let me?"
I could see the look in his eyes, he was as excited as I was and there was no going back now. Paul moved even closer to the camera giving me the sort of view of his rigid, swaying cock that you could only have got if you were laid at the bottom of his bed waiting to suck him off, which I wished I was. As he began to stroke his shaft again, he took his forefinger and wiped a long string like trickle of precum from his now reddening helmet. Oh God, he was good at this. The veins on his shaft were, if it were even possible, getting bigger and his balls had a mind of their own as he cupped and played gently with them. Then I said it. I had no intention or expectation of going this far, never mind further, but I did.
"Do you want to see me play with my pussy as you wank?" I breathlessly asked, fully knowing what his reply would be.
So with that and before he could utter an answer, I lifted my bottom off my calf's and heels and tugged the material of my dress up my tight tattooed thighs to reveal my already parted and wet pussy lips. He gasped audibly as I shifted my knees wide apart and his hand movement on his shaft clearly sped up and tightened, making his helmet bulge more.
"Oh God," He gasped between breaths. "God I want to fuck you so badly."
I, two fingers deep inside my wet hole, murmured my reply, slowly licking my lips.
"You can fuck me deep and slow any time you want baby, just fuck me and fuck me good..."
I was about to offer more encouragement, if it were needed, when movement beyond the screen caught my eye. The bedroom door slowly opened and a Hubby, slid quietly into the room, walking naked, his cock swaying fully erect as he took up position in the old armchair in the corner of the room. As I looked to him, smiling, he took hold of his vein swollen shaft and slowly, very slowly began to slip his hand up and down its length, from his full shaved balls to slipover his engorged purple tip. He had clearly heard my virtual sex show through the floor and was now wanting and by the look of his hardon, needing, to be part of it. My eyes and attention flicked between Paul and his porn star cock, that now was visibly oozing precum, making his helmet glisten and look even more tempting to lick and suck, to Hubby's slow, rhythmic pumping, which as I talked dirtier to Paul was now increasing in tempo. Hubby's hips were visibly lifting as he bucked with each downward stroke. Paul, now glistening from tip to balls with slippery precum, stared into my eyes.
"Oh God Paul," I almost begged, "I wish I was sucking that cock, that fucking beautiful thick cock."
Paul smiled and squeezed his shaft, at the base making his veins bulge and a big glob of precum pop out of his tip and roll down his shaft. I was in heaven as Hubby began to grunt and groan his impending climax. I, knowing what he likes decided it was time for him and hit his 'cum button.'
"Paul, Paul," I gasped, Looking Hubby in the eye as I slipped my fingers in and out of my slippery, squelching pussy. "I wish Hubby had a cock as big as yours...I wish you were here fucking me deep and hard from behind, making me cum on that huge cock."
That was it, Hubby, trying to control the noise, jolted in the chair, his head crashing back onto the frayed cushioning and spurted his load across his thigh. One then another jet spat out of his red tip, splashing his thigh then more dribbled and spat onto his fingers as he clenched and shuddered, his eyes closed. Spunk trickled over his clenched fist and tight ball sack as he opened his eyes and smiled, mouthing a silent 'Thank you.'
Wiping his spunk covered hand on his thigh, he sat back, satisfied to watch the rest of my show and as he did, I began to race towards my climax. My slippery wet fingers slid across my throbbing clit making me buck and gasp and as they popped back into my pussy with a loud squelch, I came...I came hard and I came loud. I tried to keep my knees wide apart so Paul could see my wetness and for the main part managed it, as roughly cupping one tit, thumb and forefinger pinching the hard erect nipple until it hurt with pleasure, I shuddered to the longest, wettest and loudest orgasm I have ever experienced. I was an animal. I was loud and I was experiencing feelings I had never felt before. My hips bucked and I frantically thrust and ground my pussy onto my fingers as they flashed in and out. My head thrown back, guttural groans flowed out of my mouth, loudly between gasping breaths. Juices dripped like raindrops from my wide open pussy and sopping fingers to soak the quilt. My clit, like a swollen nub, sent spasms through my body with every touch, making me buck uncontrollably on my thighs. I had never felt so wet, so hot and so alive.
"Oh God, Oh God, Oh Fuck, FUCK, FUCK, PAUL, FUCK ME PAUL, FUCK ME!" I yelled at the ceiling as I lost all control, my vision blurred with the shaking of my body and intensity of the feelings.
As my head dropped and the hair slipped across my red face, Paul looked me in the eye and just about managed a grunting gasping warning as he spurted his first of five strings of sticky spunk far from his red cock end and onto the bed. His whole body contorted and writhed as he jerked more and more cum in front of me. His fist sliding up and down his beautiful thick shaft, his face a mixture of pleasure and pain as he tried his best to hold the feelings as he pumped his beautiful cock and balls empty for me. My fingers now covered in pussy juice made their natural way to my mouth and as I sucked animal like on them, his last load dribbled from his still hard cock, across his clenched tight fist and down his wrist. He was spent and I was in awe.
He sat back on his thighs; I slumped forward onto my hands and knees making my big heavy tits swing close to the screen. I touched my pussy one more time, sending a final shiver through my entire body, before sitting back and smiling a broad, wild, satisfied grin towards the camera. Paul's cock remained hard as we both struggled to get our breath back and take in what had just happened.
As we both began to return to earth, we spoke only briefly, thanking each other for the pleasure, the show and the thrill, before cameras were switched off and I for one, collapsed on the bed. Hubby, finally got up from the old armchair and walked to the bed. He sat and gently stroked and ran his fingers through my hair as I stroked a lazy hand on his sticky thigh. Rolling onto my side he held me close to his body and looking down into my eyes he breathed,
"Put on quite a show there," He'll be back for more."
"Mmmmm," I smirked, a broad grin on my face, "I hope you both will."