14 Days To Redemption
By Buckaroo Bonzai

Day 3 - Recommitment
Jack awoke to the most exquisite feeling he'd ever had: 
Kelli's warm, wet mouth engulfing his entire soft, sensitive 
cock. He luxuriated in the exotic sensations emanating from 
below. The molten liquid heat of her saliva. The slippery 
softness of her tongue manipulating his rod. The promising 
pressure as his snake expanded to reach the limits of its 
cage. The sudden coolness as it burst out past her lips. And 
the welcome warmth as she bobbed her head to once more 
capture his now hard fuck stick. There was no better way to 
wake up, and if Jack could command his wife to do one thing 
after the two weeks ended, it would be this.

He reached down and stroked her hair as she dutifully 
performed this all-important morning ritual. "Dutiful" was 
the key word, unfortunately. Any pleasure and benefit Jack 
might have gotten during the last two days was more than 
offset by the dutiful manner in which his wife had performed 
her duties. He saw now that his initial packaging of his 
ideas had been far too nave. For a man, it was easy to just 
say "do this, get that." But if you said that to a woman, 
she would first ask "Why do I have to do this particular 
thing to get that? Why not something else?" That's where his 
explanations had been lacking. And why his satisfaction had 
also suffered. Time, then, to re-package his idea and get a 
recommitment from her.  But first...

Tugging on her hair, he urged her up into his arms. He 
kissed her deeply, savoring the heat of her mouth and the 
dexterity of her tongue. Her blowjob that morning had been 
better than previously, but he needed to give her a lesson 
so she'd know exactly what he liked. He paused in his kiss 
to feel her breasts, the nipples stiffening under his touch. 
She'd slept nude with him again, and he'd spent much of the 
night spooned against her, caressing, fingering  and 
exploring her entire body, every curve, crevice and secret 
place she had. Perhaps he could stay home from work and 
explore her some more? But no, he needed a break from so 
much stimulation. And he needed some time to explore new 
ways to use her.

He'd discovered that the previous night. Although tying her 
to the table and dominating her had been extraordinary, he'd 
been at a loss about what to do next. On the spur of the 
moment, he made her leave the cum on her face and hair, 
knowing that to be dirty would drive her crazy. That part 
had worked, as she shot him hateful glances through the 
night. But except for making her prepare dinner, clean up 
afterwards, and a half-hearted spanking, the rest of the 
night had been uneventful. Certainly not a hardship for her 
and no special pleasure for him. 

He needed to make a special effort to spice things up every 
time they did something. Such as the morning spanking. Jack 
looked around the room, wondering what he could do to keep 
his slave off-balance and submissive. The  open closet door 
gave him the beginnings of an idea. 

"Up slave," he growled, suddenly squeezing her breast 
painfully with his hand, eliciting a delightful yelp. 
Literally dragging her by the tit, he took her to the open 
door and forced her to bend over until her forehead touched 
the edge of the door. "Don't touch the door with your hands 
or we'll start over with one," he warned as he spread her 
legs farther apart. Spying a vinyl-bottomed slipper on the 
floor, he tested it against his forearm, the 'ssswwack' 
causing his wife to jump with fright. It stung just enough, 
and was better than using his hand, which had burned for an 
hour after her last spanking.

Pausing for only a moment to admire her round ass, he 
brought the slipped down hard on her right cheek. 
"Slllllaaaapppp!" The sting of it threatened to jar her from 
her precarious position. Given  how rapidly her ass was 
beginning to redden, he figured that twenty spanks would 
give her something to think about for the rest of the day. 
on every swing he tried something new; aiming for a 
different spot, flexing his wrist on impact, or using the 
thin end of the slipper to try and reach her cunt lips, now 
swollen with pleasure despite herself. By the time he 
reached twenty, her entire ass was a blazing shade of red, 
and her body shuddered and shook as she tried to stifle her 
soft sobs.

"How many was that, bitch?" he demanded of her, hoping for a 
correct answer to avoid further punishment. 

Her voice shook as she replied, "It was twenty, sir. 
Twenty."

"Excellent," he commended her. "You may now go and fix me 
breakfast. I want you to take one of my dirty dress shirts 
and wear that. No panties. And leave the front open so I can 
get to your tits if I need to." He gave his orders 
disdainfully, as if the thought of her serving him breakfast 
in such a way would have no effect on him. But his rapidly 
hardening cock threatened to betray him. He turned and 
headed to the shower, not pausing to see if she would 
comply. He knew she would.


As busy as Jack's day at work had been, he knew that Kelli's 
had been busier. Before leaving in the morning, he'd given 
her a list of things to buy and do that day. The entire list 
was to be completed before he returned at night. He made 
sure that she knew that the price of failure would be a 
fearsome punishment. 

The first task on her list was to visit the lingerie store 
again and pick out some sheer and peek-a-boo bras and 
panties. He liked the idea of her wearing underwear but 
still revealing her most intimate places. After that she was 
to visit one of the many teen girl clothing stores found in 
the mall. She desperately needed some mor e revealing 
clothing.To keep her conservative tendancies in check, he 
limited her choices to tank-tops, cut-off T-shirts, and 
tight shorts. She looked grateful for the opportunity to 
shop for new clothes, even with those limitations. The 
outfit he'd laid out for her had been so skimpy as to be 
nonexistent. On his orders, she'd gotten dressed in a tight 
white tank-top with no bra, a midthigh skirt with g-string 
panties, no stockings, and white sandals. To his eyes, she 
looked like a woman on the make. Which was just what he 
wanted.

After a visit to the clothing store, he wanted her to stop 
at the video store and rent two X-rated videos. It didn't 
matter which ones. He thought her choices might reveal a 
little about where her thoughts were heading. After that, 
she was to take the car in and have the oil changed. He knew 
that the mechanics' stares would send her into fits of 
embarrassment. It was safe fun. He knew those guys pretty 
well, and they wouldn't do anything but stare.  

His directions for her next visit, to the drugstore, were 
very explicit. She was to pick out a bottle of red nail 
polish, a stick of red lipstick, a tube of KY-Jelly, a 
bottle of Astroglide, a Polaroid camera and five packs of 
film. She was to buy only those items, and give him the 
receipt later. He wanted the clerk to know what his slutty 
little wife would be doing that night.  And Jack wanted 
Kelli to know that the clerk knew what she would be doing 
that night.

Back home, she was to bathe and trim her pubes to a much 
thinner strip. Jack thought he might like to eat her out 
that night, and he didn't want any hair in the way. Then he 
wanted her to paint her fingernails and toenails, waiting to 
apply the lipstick until just prior to his arrival. After 
cleaning up the house and planning dinner, she was to start 
up the Mac and call up the web address he'd given her. The 
address would take her to a link site containing thousands 
of porn links. Her assignment was to find and download 
twenty pictures of people fucking: five man on top, five 
doggy style, five anal and five of her choice. Once she had 
them, she was to assemble them into a slide show that would 
be running when he came home. 

On his list he'd ordered a dinner that could be eaten cold, 
just in case he wanted to get right into the evening's 
activities. Once everything was prepared, Kelli was to await 
his arrival in the family room, kneeling in her position of 
submission and wearing the day's uniform, minus the tank-
top. Any variation from his instructions would be severely 
punished.

Walking into the kitchen, Jack was pleased to see all of her 
purchases lined up for his inspection. The clothing was 
sufficiently skimpy, the videos were graphic, and when he 
looked into the den, he could see the naked forms flashing 
across his computer screen. Now to test his wife's 
commitment to the program.

He entered the room to find his wife in complete compliance, 
kneeling on the floor with her tits bared and her gaze 
respectful. Just the sight of her body so open for his 
exploration, and exploitation, set his heart to racing. Now 
that he finally had his plans figured out, he just had to 
get her to go along. He'd rehearsed his reasons a couple of 
time in the car. He thought he finally had a good argument 
for why she should go along with his plan rather than seeing 
a marriage counselor.

"I see you managed to get your chores done for the day," he 
said to her while making himself comfortable on the couch.

"Yes, sir. I've tried to do everything you've asked of 
me..."

The tone of her voice puzzled him. "Was there something else 
you wanted to say?"

"Ummm, yes. I...I...I think I deserve to be punished!" she 
blurted out, her face quickly coloring as she dropped her 
gaze to the floor.

"Punished? What do you need to be punished for?" He tried to 
keep his voice as emotionless as possible. There was 
something weird going on here. He could feel it.

Her whole body trembled lightly as she lifted her face. "I 
haven't...I mean, I...I haven't been cooperating like I said 
I would," she hurried through her explanation. "I said I 
would do everything you say, and I would try to understand 
why you want me to. But I haven't been doing that. I haven't 
been doing my best. That's why I should be punished. So you 
know that now I really will be doing my best to make you 
happy. So you won't be mad anymore. So we can go back to 
being married again. So we can go back to being happy..."

Jack barely blinked as he took it all in. This was a better 
response than he'd even hoped for, and he hadn't even used 
any of his arguments. No, something had gotten through to 
her during the day. Somehow she'd come to realize just how 
serious he was about this. How much he needed to shock the 
one he loved in order to keep the one he loved. How much he 
needed some pleasure that was all about him and just for 
him. 

"OK. Right here, right now, is your last chance to give me 
your total commitment to this plan. If you do, then we play 
it out until next Sunday, with no breaks and no backing out. 
If you don't, well, then we let the chips fall where they 
may. You'll get no second chance after this. It's now or 
never. So if you want to keep going and commit to this, just 
repeat after me, 'I, Kelli, swear to be your complete and 
total slave until midnight of next Sunday.'"

"I, Kelli, swear to be your complete and total slave until 
midnight of next Sunday."

He stared at her a moment, notreally seeing the woman 
kneeling  before him, but rather seeing her willingly and 
enthusiastically bending to his will and performing at his 
pleasure. "Excellent. And yes, you will be punished for your 
failures. But not all at once. A little at a time, I think. 
A little every day to remind you why you have to go through 
all this. So that every time you hurt, you think, 'I will 
not cheat on my husband.'" He gave her a wicked glare. "But 
now, you'll perform for me."

On his orders, she stood before him, her hands locked behind 
her head and her breasts thrust out. She wiggled and jumped 
for him, causing her tits to bounce and sway sensuously. He 
indulged his every whim, not censoring his thoughts or words 
a single bit. 

"Take off your sandals and lick the insides. Now squeeze 
your tit between the soles. Turn around, bend over and show 
me your ass. Pull your g-string tight into your crack. Take 
your skirt off, over your head. Yes, even if youhave to 
smash your tits on the way up. Now pull your g-string all 
the way into your pussy. I don't want to see any of it 
peeking out!"

Finally he had her stand before him, practically naked but 
for the g-string taut within her pussy lips and her ass 
crack. Her body was slick with sweat from her exertions in 
hurrying to follow his orders. Her eyes, though, held a 
flicker of excitement. 

"Does that hurt you?" he asked.

"Yes, sir, it hurts a little."

"Good. It's supposed to. But there's something else, isn't 
there? You're a little turned on, aren't you?"

She dropped her head in apparent embarrassment. "Yes, sir. 
I'm turned on at having this thing in my pussy."

He noted the slight admission of surrender. She'd admitted 
to the pleasure. She'd expanded on her answer. And she'd 
used a dirty word without prompting. He nodded in approval. 
"Good. You'll find that many times pleasure and pain go 
together. It's a lesson you're going to learn very well." He 
was pleased to see pull back a little at that statement. She 
understood that her trial was only beginning.

"Now pull off those panties and bring that ottoman over 
here. I'm thinking a little appetizer might be good before 
dinner." With more than a little manipulation, he finally 
had her laying face up on top of his body, her pussy before 
his lips and her head supported by the ottoman. It was a 
highly erotic sight looking downpast the folds of her cunt 
to the peaks of her tits, and finally to the fearful look on 
her face. It was a sight he promised himself he would soon 
capture on film. But first...

His wife's cunt gaped open as he roughly spread her legs 
wider. From the wetness and warmth, he could tellthat his 
previous orders had truly turned her on. Good. Unlike some 
of the other women he'd bedded, his wife's juices were 
invigorating, a combination of sweet and bitter flavors that 
never failed to ignite his passion. Lifting her ass with his 
hands, he brought her cunt up to his mouth, lightly licking 
the engorged lips. His wife shuddered at the touch, wanting 
more but unable to press closer to his mouth. He was in 
complete control. 

With his tongue still lingering on her pussy lips, he traced 
the length of her hole from top to bottom. "Don't move!" he 
mumbled into her, as she once again tried to shift closer. 
Happy that this simple move could drive her crazy, he 
repeated it over and over, never letting more than the tip 
of his tongue glide along her steaming folds. Even whenher 
juices began flowing from her slit he kept to the ridges, 
her moans and gasps echoing in the room. Finally, only after 
he'd marked out a blazing red trail around the edge of her 
cunt, did he dip his tongue in to taste the nectar at its 
source. At that, his wife jumped as if hit by an electric 
shock, and only by squeezing her ass tightly could he keep 
her from falling out of position.

"Don't move!" he shouted at her, punctuating his order by 
squeezing her ass even harder. Finally feeling her body 
begin to soften, he plunged his tongue back into her cunt, 
mashing his teeth against the sensitive folds. This time she 
kept her body rigid, screaming out her surprise and 
pleasure. Using his tongue as scoop, he sucked the juices 
from her slit, twisting her body from side to side so he 
could reach every niche of her steaming hot gash. She was 
near to cumming. He could feel it in the way her cunt 
contracted on his tongue every time he probed her hole. He 
could hear it in her breathing.  He could sense it in her 
posture. He contemplated leaving her on the edge as another 
sign of his power over her. But eating her out was a 
pleasure he wanted to continue after the two weeks was over. 
And besides, making her cum was just another kind of power 
and control. 

That decided, he clamped his mouth to her pulsating hole, 
trapping her clit between his tongue and his teeth. She 
bucked and writhed against him, her juices smearing across 
his face. Her moans and cries echoed in his ears; she 
sounded more excited than at any other time in their 
marriage. Despite her violent thrashing he pulled her cunt 
to his mouth again, his nails digging deeply into the soft 
flesh of her ass. He lashed her clit with his tongue until 
it pulled free of its protective hood, and then attacked it 
with his teeth, rasping across it like a file over a 
stubborn burr. 

Violent quakes shook her body, her legs spreading and 
contracting  erratically about his head. With the first sign 
of her cunt squeezing his tongue, Jack immediately released 
her ass and brought both of his hands to cover her breasts. 
As the first orgasm coursed through her body, he grabbed her 
nipples and twisted them as hard as he could, until the 
swollen nubs began slipping through his sweaty fingers. Her 
squeals of pleasure turned to a howl of pain, and which then 
mixed again with her pleasured pantings to throw her again 
over the abyss. He kept up the pressure on her nipples until 
her body finally began settling down, and he could tell that 
the pain was overpowering the pleasurable sensations 
emanating from her now sopping pussy.

Only when he released her tits did she dare to look at him, 
the unspoken question in her eyes. Though he didn't need to 
explain himself, he did anyways. "Pain can be pleasure and 
pleasure can be pain. You'll learn that over the next few 
days." With that, he dumped her from his lap and ordered her 
to serve him dinner.
