Jane
by Vanessa Evans

Jane is an ‘unusual’ girl; her childhood was probably to blame for most of it. Her mother never really got over the difficult birth and ended up in a mental hospital with no chance of getting out. Her father died a horrible death on the family’s farm when Jane was just 10. Since then Jane has been looked after by her 2 older brothers who now run the farm. 

At the time of the accident Jake managed to convince social services that he’d be able to look after his young siblings after he promised to sell the farm and move near to relatives at the other side of the country. He put the farm on the market but after a few months there were no buyers and Jake and Pete decided to stay and make a go of the farm.


Meanwhile, Jane was having real trouble coming to terms with the changes. When Jake took the ‘For Sale’ sign down, Jane stopped going to school. The school assumed that the family had done what Jane had said they were going to do and moved across country. Pete was in the process of moving to his next school so when Jane didn’t turn-up at the start of the new school year it was assumed that the family had moved and Jane was quickly forgotten about.


It didn’t take long for Jake and Pete to realise that their young sister wasn’t going to school but they didn’t really care. It was obvious that she was never going to get a good job so they decided to make use of her round the farm. After all, there is always a lot to do on a farm.


Jane’s life soon developed into being just a housekeeper and a farmhand. She never had the chance to be a girly girl and looked-up to her brothers who really didn’t think much of girls. To them she was someone who worked at the farm, little more than a farm animal.


The farm is located on the south coast (literally) and fortunately, the weather in that part of the country is pleasant in winter and warm in the summer. As a result, Jane’s attire when she stopped going to school was a T-shirt and her school skirts (she’d never had any jeans or other trousers, or shorts). She soon grew out of her kid’s clothes and started wearing just what were her father’s T-shirts. Whenever she tried to talk to Jake and Pete about it they always told her that they didn’t have any money for clothes, only wellington boots that, as they said, “Would protect the farm’s assets.” They told her to keep the clothes that she did have, for the colder days.

As a result, whenever the weather was reasonable Jane ended up doing her housework and her farm work naked apart from wellington boots on her feet. Both Jake and Pete totally ignored their little sister’s nudity and Jane just accepted it.


The farm is mainly arable but they have about 100 sheep, about 20 pigs, about the same number of hens and a couple of horses that they’d somehow acquired. Jane’s job on the farm was to feed the pigs and the hens, check on the sheep and horses and the fences, and look after the house. Jake even taught Jane to drive the tractor and the quad bike to make her more useful.

As she got older she managed to get her chores done quicker and started having some time to herself. Occasionally, she’d go for rides on one of the horses like she’d done when she was a little girl. Her father had taught her to ride without a saddle, telling her to hitch up her skirt so that she could spread her legs enough.

The first time that Jane got on a horse naked she didn’t understand the tingling feeling that she got between her legs as the rough horse skin rubbed her pussy; but she liked it and tried to go for a ride as often as she could. 

When the weather is good the walks round the property took a lot longer as Jane took her time, enjoying the peace and quiet and the open air.   

At one end of the farm’s land, a track leads down to one of the many small beaches that is frequented by holidaymakers when the weather is good. Jane likes to go down there and watch the sea and the visiting people. One summer’s day shortly after she settled into her new life, she stripped-off and went into the water and tried to swim. She liked the feeling of the water on her body and over the next few months she managed to teach herself to swim. She’d only ever had one swimming lesson at school but she’d remembered what the teacher had said.

Jane usually went to the beach during the week but on a couple of occasions she came out of the water to find other people there. They didn’t seem to mind that Jane didn’t have a costume on, and Jane never even thought about it.


As kids do, Jane grew up. She reached puberty and passed through it as if nothing had happened, other than her body had changed shape. Her first period was a shock to her and Jake had to sit her down and explain everything to her - twice. The next day Jake did the weekly shop early and bought a supply of tampons. He had to explain and demonstrate to Jane how to use them. 


Over next few months and into the next summer Jane’s body developed quite nicely. She grew ‘AA’ cup breasts and a massive bush of pubic hair. Neither Jake nor Pete seemed to have noticed and never said anything to her. Jane never got self-conscious or embarrassed about her changing body; it never bothered her one tiny little bit; even when she went down onto one of the little beaches she still thought nothing of going there naked.

The same couldn’t be said of some of the other visitors to those beaches. A couple of the prudes that went there called her all sorts of unpleasant names but she just ignored them. Some of the younger girls tried to tease her about her massive bush while the young men and boys just ogled her little tits.

When Jane told Jake about the teasing his only reaction was to say that she’d have to remove the reason for the teasing. The next time that he came back from the supermarket he gave Jane a razor and some shaving cream and told her that she had to shave all of her body below her neck every day, saying that she’s then be like the Sows. That comment didn’t upset Jane, in fact she agreed with Jake, remembering that she’d never seen hair at the tops of pig’s back legs, nor around their genitals.

The next time that Jane went to the beach when there were others there, she just smiled at everyone who looked at her; even the prudish old people who gave her filthy looks and no one said anything to her.


The 3 siblings could only manage the farm on their own for most of the time. At times like when they had to harvest some of the crops, they had to get temporary help in. It was quite a surprise for those guys the first time that they turned up for work after Jane had started being naked all the time; although they did have a laugh about the teenager girl who only wore wellingtons. Jane, of course, never batted an eyelid about these strangers seeing her naked and quite happily took drinks and sandwiches out to them on the quad bike. 

As the workers ate, those who could speak English usually talked to Jane, probably in an attempt to keep her in front of them so that they could look at her naked body. Each year there was always one worker who would tell Jane to lie on the grass and spread her legs for them to get a better view, and she always did it without a second thought. 

Jane liked the attention that they gave her and was always happy to oblige. If Jake or Pete were there they’d just ignore what was going on; up until the end of the break period that is; then they’d tell the workers to get back to work and sometimes berate Jane for distracting them.


These casual workers weren’t the only outsiders to see Jane naked. The occasional delivery driver and the postman would arrive at the farm and Jane was often the only one around to take the delivery. The postman slowly got used to Jane’s decreasing amount of clothing, then her small tits and hairy bush then her bald pubes. The first time that he saw her like that he joked saying that he didn’t realise that Jane had a little sister.


Occasionally, Jake would go to the farmer’s market to sell a pig or some lambs. One day when Jane was 14 and Jake was taking a trailer full of lambs to the market, he told Jane to go with him. She thought nothing of jumping into the Land Rover wearing only her wellingtons. When they got to the market she just jumped out and helped Jake herd the animals into the pen.

The other farmers and market officials just laughed when Jake told them she was just one of the farm’s 2-legged animals. They laughed even more when Jane tripped and went head-long into a pile of cow dung. Jane just got up, scrapped the dung off her body with her hands and carried on as if nothing had happened.

Jane just followed Jake around as he went about the business of selling the lambs; even when he went into the office to collect the money from the sale. The woman in the office just looked Jane up and down then said,

“You’ll be able to buy her some clothes now.”

“Why? She only needs those wellies to protect her feet.” Jake replied.

The woman looked at Jane who was just standing there with her arms by her sides; then back to Jake who was waiting for the woman to get on with her business.

“Okay; none of my business.” The woman said as she counted out the money.


A few months after Jane reached puberty, she started getting tingly feeling between her legs. It always went away after a few minutes but in those few minutes she often put her hand on her pussy and just held it there.


It was not until Jane got to 15 that she started thinking about boys and sex. She was watching TV one evening and there was a steamy scene where a young man started kissing a gorgeous girl then they ripped each other’s clothes off and had sex in the kitchen; when she suddenly realised that she had that tingly feeling in her lower stomach again, and her pussy was getting wet. At first she was confused but then she thought about the animals and them mating.

Was she ‘on heat’? Was it time for her to breed? Jane was confused. Those feeling passed after a while, probably helped by the TV programme ending.

When Jane went to bed she touched her pussy and those tingling feelings came back. Jane clamped her legs together, trapping her hand on her pussy, and she went to sleep.

The next morning at breakfast Jane just came out with,

“Do girls get ‘on heat’ like the sheep and pigs do?”

Jake laughed then replied,

“Not exactly Jane. As girls get older they start getting these feelings. It’s not like they want to get pregnant, it’s more like they just want to practice the sex act; it makes them feel good.”

“You mean like in the sex education lesion that I had when I was at school? I remember some of what they told us.”

“Exactly like that Jane.” Pete replied.

“So these feelings that I’ve started getting between my legs are telling me that I want to practice having sex?”

“Yes, I guess that they are Jane.” 

“So what do I do?”

“Have sex with someone.” Pete said.

“So can one of you have sex with me please?” Jane asked.

Jake and Pete looked at each other then Jake said,

“When we’ve finished eating, clear the table then shout for me.”

When Jake got back to the kitchen Jane was just stood there waiting.

“Get up on the table and spread your legs girl.”

Jane did as she was told and immediately felt that tingling again.

“This might hurt a bit girl, bit it’s only a one-time thing. After that every time that someone puts something in there you’ll think that it’s nice and want it to happen again and again.”

“What are you going to do to me Jake?” 

“This.”

Jake stepped between Jane’s legs and slowly poked his second finger right into Jane’s vagina. Her immediate moans quickly turned to a loud “Ouch” as she lost her hymen.

“You made me bleed Jake.” Jane said as she saw the finger that he was holding up. 

“Don’t worry about that; as I said, it’s a one-time thing and somebody had to do it sometime.”

Jake then finger-fucked his little sister and rubbed her clitoris until Jane orgasmed.

As she started to return to normal, Jane looked up at Jake and his hand.

Jane, or course, was confused; she’d never had an orgasm before and didn’t understand what had happened.

“What did you just do to me Jake? What just happened? Am I ill or something? I’ve never felt like that before.”

“Was it a nice feeling girl?”

Jane was silent for a couple of seconds then she replied,

“Yes, it was.”

“That was something called an orgasm girl. You’ll get them when someone, or something is rubbing you down there, inside or outside.”

Jake then went on to explain a few of the ways that girls can have an orgasm; both self-induced and by someone else. All the time that Jake was talking Jane was a mixture of amazed, confused and eager to try some of the things that Jake told her.

“You look a bit confused girl. Don’t worry about it sex will just happen. Don’t fight it, just go along with it and hope that it makes you cum.”

With that, Jake just turned and walked away; the farm work just wouldn’t keep. 

Jane was still sat on the kitchen table, still trying to absorb everything that had happened and been said. After a minute or so, she slowly pushed a finger into her vagina. It felt good; then she touched her clitoris which caused her to gasp. She pulled her hand away and looked at it then her pussy. 

There were traces of blood on her finger, along with quite a bit of semi-transparent creamy liquid. Instinctively, she put the finger into her mouth and sucked. She didn’t know what to make of the taste; it was neither bitter nor sweet; just different and maybe a little salty.
 
Jane heard the noise of the back door closing and she jumped up and got on with her chores.


That night, in bed, Jane was thinking about what Jake had said; then she discovered masturbation.


The following morning at breakfast Jake announced,

“I’m going to see Doc Martin today, to get some pills for you to take Jane. I’ll explain when you have to take them when I get back Jane.”

“Will they make me feel good like your finger did Jake?” Jane asked.

“No, but they will stop you getting pregnant when you get serviced by either of us.”

Jake looked at his brother and smiled.

“Can you make me feel good now please Jake?”

“No Jane, we all have work to do.”


When Jake got back that afternoon he told Jane that she had to go and see Doc Martin.

“But I don’t feel ill?”

“He won’t give you those pills until he’s examined you. Go and get a shower to get rid of that mud that’s all over you then we’ll go.”

Pete then asked if he could have a ride into town because he needed to get something.


It was getting late when the got into town and the shop that Pete wanted something from was closed so they all went to the doctor’s surgery only to find that it too was closed.

Pete banged on the door and eventually Doc Martin opened the door.

“You said to bring Jane in this afternoon Doc.”

“I was expecting you to arrive earlier but okay, come in. Oh, can you leave those muddy wellingtons by the door please?”


As Doc Martin let them in he couldn’t help noticing Jane’s nudity.

“Do you always go around without any clothes on Jane?” 

“She ain’t got no clothes Doc, no need for them.” Jake replied.

“I see. We may as well get on with the examination then; Jane, follow me please.”

Doc Martin led Jane into his surgery, and when he turned round to tell her to sit down he saw that Jake and Pete had followed her in.

“I normally do these examinations with just the two of us or sometimes with a nurse as a chaperone.”

“Jane ain’t no normal girl Doc. She don’t mind us being here.” 

“Well I suppose that you can stay if Jane doesn’t mind.”

“She don’t.”

“All right then; Jane, sit down please?”

When she was sat the doctor continued,

“Right Jane, please can you tell me why you want to start taking oral contraception?”

Jake replied for her,

“She’s started thinking about sex and we’re only poor farmers. We ain’t got any money for brats, or the time for them.”

“Is that right Jane?”

“What he says.”

“Okay then, have you had intercourse yet Jane.”

“I stuck my finger in her yesterday and broke her hymen thing but that’s it so far. I just know that there’ll be other things inside there soon Doc.”

“Is that right Jane?”

“What he says.”

“When did you last get examined by a doctor Jane?”

“She ain’t seen no doctor since she was born.” Jake again answered for her.

“Is that right Jane?”

“What he says.”

“Riiight then. Shall we move on to the physical examination. Jane, I need to see how tall you are and how much you weigh. Can you stand up and go to the corner please?”

Jane did as she was told and after the doctor had got the measurements and typed them into his computer he asked her to do a few physical exercises before asking her to lay on the couch.

“As this is your first visit to a doctor, and because of the nature of your request, I need to give you a full gynaecological examination. It may seem a bit personal, but it is required.”

The doctor proceeded to examine Jane from head to foot while she just stared up to the ceiling. Even when he examined her breasts there was no reaction from her.

“Right Jane,” the doctor said, “this is the part that a number women find embarrassing. Please do not worry, millions of women have this examination every day and every one of them survived. Please can you lift your ankles up onto the stirrups?”

Jane just looked at the doctor, not having a clue what he was talking about. After a few seconds Jake stepped forward and lifted her ankles into the stirrups. As he stepped back the doctor could hear him mutter,

“Stupid girl.”

Jane’s pussy had become on display to the 3 men and she hadn’t even batted an eyelid, but after a few seconds she said,

“I’m getting all tingly again.”

“She’s said that a few times doc, and she’s been holding her hand over her pussy.” Pete said.

“That is a perfectly normal reaction in young girls gentlemen. They all feel like that at times when they reach puberty.”

“Jane, just relax and don’t try to fight those feelings, they’re perfectly normal. I’m just going to examine your vulva area, it’s nothing to worry about.”


The doctor got on with what he had to do, noting a significant vaginal discharge. Fortunately, there was nothing in it to indicate any abnormalities.

“Okay Jane, everything is good so far, I just need to look inside your vagina.”

“That tingling is getting worse doctor.” Jane replied.

“That’s okay, just relax Jane.”

The doctor inserted the speculum and as he opened it up Jane’s eyes opened wide as well, but she said nothing.

“So what are you looking for doc?” Jake asked.

“Any signs of infection or abnormalities but thankfully I can’t see any.”

“Can I have a look doc?” Jake asked.”

“That decision needs to be made by the patient Jake.”

“Jane doesn’t mind do you Jane?”

“What he says.” Jane replied.

“Well okay then, take the torch.”

Jake bent over and stared up Jane’s vagina.

“So what’s that darker thing at the end with a dimple on it?”

“That’s her cervix Jake.”

“Can I have a look doc?” Pete asked.

“I guess so.”

Jake passed Pete the torch then said to the doctor,

“Should all females be checked like that doc? I mean, should I be checking all my ewes, gilts and sows?”

“I don’t think so Jake, but you need to ask your vet about that.”

“Okay; you done Pete?”

“What’s that whitish liquid that’s in there?” Pete asked.

“That’s vaginal discharge, most women produce a small amount all the time and a lot of it when they get aroused. It makes penetration easier.”

“There’s tons of it in here, does this mean that she’s ready to be fucked?” Pete asked.

“Err, I guess so, but”

“Well go on doc, fuck her. If one of us does it we’ll get mud from these overalls all over your table.”

“I don’t think that that’s a good idea; anyway, I haven’t finished the examination.”

“What you still got to do doc?” Jake said.

“Well, when a young girl comes here asking for oral contraception it’s a good idea to make sure that her body responds to stimulation. With your permission Jane, I would like to perform that stimulation to make sure that your body responds in the normal way.”

“She’s okay with that doc, show us what you need to do.”

At that point the doctor gave up asking Jane for her permission to do anything. It was obvious that she would do whatever either of her brothers told her. He moved more to one side so that the brothers could both see him rubbing and teasing her clitoris.

It didn’t take long for the already aroused girl to start to cum but the only sounds that she made were deep grunts. Her body was a lot more active that her voice and she started shaking and her hips rose up from the table.

Doc Martin looked at the brothers and saw that they were fascinated so he kept going and after a second or two, as Jane started to come down from her high, she went right back up there. 

The doctor wanted to go on for a third but he decided that it was best not to. Besides, he had decided to forgo medical ethics and have a bit of fun.

As Jane returned to almost normal, Jake said,

“I’ve never seen a sheep or a pig do that.”

Closely followed by Pete saying,

“Have you ever worked on a sheep or a pig like that bro?”

“Well no.”


The doctor then interrupted,

“Gentlemen, it is also a good idea to ensure that your sister is capable of performing the most common sex acts that she is likely to encounter. I propose that she has a lesson in performing Fellatio. With your permission I will perform that with her and instruct her on how to avoid what is commonly known as gagging. It’s also a good way to keep a complaining girl quiet.”

“What’s this Fellatio thing doc?” Pete asked.

“Go for it doc. She’s got to learn these things and you’re a doctor so you should know all about these things.” Jake said. 


“Jane, please get off the table and get down on your knees.”

Obedient as always, Jane did as instructed and the doctor moved in on her, unzipping his trousers as he moved.

“Open your mouth Jane.” The doctor ordered.

Jane had a puzzled look on her face as she opened wide. She coughed and spluttered a little as the doctor’s cock invaded her mouth, but natural instinct took over and her head started bobbing up and down.
 
“This Fellatio thing is a blowjob then.” Pete said as the doctor let Jane continue for a few seconds.

Then he thrust forwards to meet Jane’s head coming down. As his cock went into her throat he held the back of her head so that she couldn’t move.

Jane instantly started gagging as the doctor held her head and instructed her to relax; telling her how long she could hold her breathe and not to try to breath until he backed away. 

Jane’s struggling decreased a little so he released her head and she gasped for air.  

“That’s deep-throating bro.” Jake said.

The doctor let Jane’s breathing get back to normal then he said,

“Take a deep breath Jane.” 

As she did so he pulled her head down onto his cock.

“Relax Jane, I’ll let you get some air when you need it.”

As the doctor started getting into a rhythm he extended (a little) the time that he was filling Jane’s throat and she relaxed more and more.

“Good girl;” the doctor said, “it’s easy once you relax isn’t it?” 

Jane didn’t answer, her mouth was still full.


When the doctor realised that he was about to cum he pulled Jane’s head back and said,

“Look up at my face Jane, and open your mouth wide.”

He wanked his cock those last few strokes then his jism shot all over Jane’s face, some landing inside her mouth.

“Lick as much as you can into your mouth Jane, then swallow it.”

Jane did so, but it still left quite a bit on her face and in the front of her hair.

“Good, now suck my cock again Jane.”

She did so and before long Doc Martin’s cock got hard again.

As Jane was sucking, the doctor said,

“That’s one useful skill that Jane has learnt tonight gentlemen. She’ll need that skill.”

“I’ve learnt something as well.” Pete said.

“There’s one more thing that you all need to know; and that’s how a girl can have sexual intercourse and not get pregnant when she’s not taking the pill.”

“And what’s that Doc?” Pete asked.

“A condom. Ii will take about a month for the pills that I’ve prescribed for Jane to become effective so if she has intercourse within the next month, she will need to use a condom. It’s important that the girl knows how to put one of these onto a penis.”   

“Go on then doc, show her.” Jake said.

Doc Martin reached up onto a shelf and got down a box of condoms then he turned to Jane, who was still on her knees with his cum on her face, and said,

“Jane, these are condoms. If you are going to have sexual intercourse within the next month you need to put one of these on the man’s penis.”

Jane just looked up at the doctor with a blank expression on her face.

The doctor gave Jane a condom then told her how to open the packet. Once open he told her how to get it out, and how roll it down a man’s penis. He did that by telling her to do it on him. 

“Good Jane, you appear to have managed that quit well.”

“With your permission gentlemen I would like to show Jane 2 of the most common positions for a man and a woman to copulate.”

“I don’t know what that word means doc but do what ever you want to her.”

“Okay Jane, stand up, bend over the couch and spread your legs please.”

Just as soon as she was in position the doctor stepped forwards and slowly pushed his condom clad cock into her vagina.

“Oh, I didn’t realise that you were going to do that doc; I was hoping that I would be the first to fuck her.”

“Oh sorry Jake, I thought that you understood.”

“It’s no big deal doc; it’s just a pussy.”

By this time the doc’s thrusting had got both of them aroused but the doc had another position to show them so he pulled out and told Jane to lay across the couch.

He then lifted her legs as high as he could then rammed his cock into her vagina.


That was too much for Jane, and another orgasm exploded out of her. The doctor kept going until he had filled the condom then he stepped back. The white liquid was causing the end of the condom to hang down.

“Jane, get off the couch and look at this.”

When she was on her feet the doctor said,

“Pull it off Jane, then empty its contents into your mouth.”

Without a second thought Jane did as directed then stood looking at the doctor.

“In the bin over there please Jane.”

He then turned to Jake and Pete and said,

“Judging by Jane’s reactions this evening, or lack of them; I’m assuming that Jane isn’t too experienced in copulation. After today’s experiences you will probably find that she spends a lot of time with her hand on her vulva and looking for a man to satisfy her needs. I’m assuming that you two are prepared for this. 

You may find that she’ll be less productive on the farm until the novelty has worn off but it will be many years before she stops thinking about masturbation and copulation. Obviously I have no knowledge of your home arrangement but I would suggest that she refrains from physical contact with men for a few weeks just as much as she can. Oh, take that box of condoms just in case a man needs to wear one.”

“Sod that doc; I know what I’m doing just as soon as we get back to the farm.”

“You leave those sheep alone Pete.” Jake said.

Then to the doctor who was writing Jane’s prescription,

“Thanks for your help doc; although I think that you may have released a little demon. I may have to control her at some point, tie her up or something.” Jake replied as the 3 of them left the surgery.

Just as soon as they were all in the Land Rover, Jane said,

“Can one of you two fuck when when we get home please?”

On the way back to the farm they stopped at a pharmacist and Jake went in and got the pills. He was happy to find that they were free. 


No sooner than they had got out of the Land Rover Jane again asked when one of her brothers was going to fuck her.


The box of condoms only lasted a couple of days and Jake refused to buy any more. He said that they would have to wait until the pills took effect. That was okay for Pete and him, but Jane couldn’t wait to pleasure her body and she started looking for substitute cocks. She also took every opportunity to get on her knees in front of either Jake or Pete and give them a blowjob.

