A CURE FOR KLEPTOMANIA

BY MAX SMART

Part 8

Wherein Nancy kindly removes some clothespins, Jenny provides the
family some more interesting television viewing, and the "British
Schoolgirl" makes her appearance.

If anything, her begging had the opposite effect of the intended.
Nancy gave a little yank, pulling the pin roughly from the tender
skin and apparently sending and extremely sharp message of pain
from the breast to Jenny's brain.

"Auuuugggh!" Jenny threw her head back and yelled.

Yank! Another pin came off, this time from the other breast.
"Aggggghhhh!"

"Well, Jenny." said Nancy, "What do you prefer? Should I keep
going slowly, or should I get it over with and pull them all off
really fast?" giving playful little tugs on the second clothespin
on the left breast.

Jenny was almost in too much pain from the previous two pins
being pulled off to hear what Nancy was saying, but finally she
got the gist of it.

"Ohhh! No! No more! It's TOO MUCH! PLEASE!" she begged, looking
so cute in her wooden bra, pleading shaking her head back and
forth.

"Since you didn't choose, I'll take that to mean you don't care.
Hmm, let's see, I think we'll try the fast method for a change."

"Nooooo, don't!"

But it was no use. Nancy first dropped the left string and then
pulled long and hard on the right string, hand over hand, pulling
in extremely rapid fashion all of the pins from the poor, pained,
left breast right up to the small ones on the aureole. Jenny just
about jumped out of her skin, and would have I guess if it had
been anatomically possible. Her screams of anguish were awe
inspiring and rose, admirably, in pitch as the pain neared her
nipple area. I began to think she might have operatic potential.

Jenny yelled and moaned and cried for a good ten seconds as the
pain remained extremely intense for that long after the most
recent clothespin had been pulled off.

"There!" said Nancy, "That must be quite a relief!" at which we
all shared a laugh at poor Jenny's expense.

The newly depinned left breast was looking very interesting. Each
clothespin had left an angry mark of a deep, almost purplish,
red, over the general flush of the entire surface that came from
the "pink boobie" treatment. The pain resulting from having them
suddenly yanked off seemed to be quite persistent, as Jenny
couldn't seem to stop moaning and sighing.

Nancy relinquished the string she was holding and picked up the
one attached to the right breast. She lightly tugged on the first
clothespin attached at the base. Jenny faintly moaned,
"Noooo.Noooo"

Yank! "Aggh! Ow! Ow!" One pin popped off.

Yank! "Owwww! Ohhh! Stop!" The second.

With a glint in her eye Nancy continued, popping off one
clothespin at a time, allowing enough time between each for Jenny
to fully appreciate the very interesting sensations she was being
treated to. With each yank Jenny reacted with agonized
exclamations of sudden, sharp pain. After a few, Jenny started
begging desperately, anytime she could find her voice, for Nancy
to stop - in vain of course.

At last the last of the string of regular sized clothespins was
cruelly yanked off, leaving Jenny's right breast in more or less
the same situation as the right - that is with nothing but the
very cruel little clips on her aureole and nipple, looking like
some kind of bristly blossom. The breasts themselves were in
fairly pitiful condition -basically a flushed bright red
decorated with polka-dots of dark purplish red. Jenny looked with
horrified eyes at the altered appearance of her beloved bosom as
she continued to sigh and moan with the burning, aching pain.

Nancy picked up the string attached to the aureole of the left
breast and, holding both like a set of reins, she proceeded to
pull lightly on them until each of the two clothespins that they
were attached two was pulled out tautly from the breast, cruelly
pulling on the sensitive skin that it was biting into. Jenny
squealed and moaned pathetically.

"Well, Jenny, old girl, I guess you know what's nextthe best
part!" said heartless Nancy as she began lightly shaking the two
strings, causing the breasts to bob up and down and causing poor
Jenny to yell in pain and beg pitifully for mercy.

Gradually Nancy increased the force that she was exerting on the
two strings, stretching even further the sensitive aureole skin
and bringing Jenny's moans a notch or two higher in pitch.

"Boy, these little ones really hold on tight!" Nancy observed,
"I'll bet they REALLY hurt when they finally come off!" Suddenly
she yanked quite hard on the string attached to the left breast,
pulling the mean little clothespin loose and drawing a long, loud
scream from darling Jenny and leaving a little purple mark on the
wrinkled aureole flesh.

"Ahhhhhghhh! Oh no! Nooo! Owwwww!"

Yank! Another little clothespin popped off and Jenny's begging
was replaced by another high-pitched scream. I became very
thankful that we were quite far from neighbors or any curious
ears. The tears were simple flowing our of her eyes and her sobs
were heart-breaking. I couldn't help being very proud of my
daughter Nancy. She was making great use of Jenny's fine breasts
to impart a serious, not- soon-to-be-forgotten lesson.

Nancy again indulged herself with a few little teasing,
tormenting tugs on the right breast, producing little grunts of
pain from the teary victim. Yank! Suddenly the pin popped off and
we were treated to another operatic high note from Jenny as she
writhed with the sharp pain.

Before pulling off the next one, back on the left breast again,
this time Nancy tried a little swinging action as she tugged,
causing the suffering breast to be swung around, causing some
apparently very disagreeable sensations, perhaps caused as much
by the flopping around of the very tight pin on Jenny's poor
nipple as by the tugging on the aureol.

This went on, of course. Nancy knew how to take her time and
enjoy herself, and I have to say that none us became bored. Jenny
seemed to have an endless supply of yelps, screams, yells, cries
and moans, of infinite variety, and we appreciated them all; and
Nancy exercised a lot of creativity herself - sometimes suddenly
yanking loose a clothespin, sometimes giving playful tugs before
hand, sometimes pulling gradually harder and harder, increasing
poor Jenny's pain, until the clothespin pulled loose. Also
greatly enjoyed by all were the ceaseless gyrations of Jenny's
stunningly beautiful, almost naked body. Eventually, however, all
of the small clothespins had been pulled off and there only
remained the two "super- grippers" on her nipples. By this time
Jenny was close to hysterical with humiliation and pain. Her
aureoles were now gaily decorated with many painful looking
purplish red marks.

"Almost finished, Jenny, dear!" announced Nancy as she tightened
both strings, causing the fiercely biting clothespins to stand
out from the centers of Jenny's much-abused breasts. Jenny moaned
and cried as she felt the pain in her nipples increase, but she
seemed to be beyond any rational discourse at this point.

Nancy started pulling harder on both strings, with the apparent
intention of causing both clothespins to pop off either at once
or close to it. But these were really on tight. The effect of her
pulling was for sadly mistreated nipples to be stretched most
cruelly out from the breasts, until they were almost twice there
normal length. Nancy was pulling at just about full strength and
was leaning backwards. Effectively, she was being held up by
Jenny's nipples! Alas, it appeared that the clothespins were more
than a match for Nancy's strength.

They seemed to be also more than a match for what little
fortitude Jenny may have possessed. The poor girl began screaming
hysterically with the intense and increasing pain, looking quite
lovely as she did so, I might add.

But there was no reason to worry, because we are a family that
believes in teamwork. One nod from Nancy and the rest of us rose,
approached the scene of action and pitched in. The result was
that Nancy and I commanded the string attached to the right
breast and Dave and Timmy took charge of the other. It didn't
take long before the much anticipated event occurred, or, I
should say, events. But it was really just one EVENT, because
both clothespins popped off, after some very hefty pulling, at
the same time.

Jenny shrieked like a banshee, and fainted, hanging limply by her
wrists, her body glistening with sweat and tears. It seemed wrong
to me that she should be missing out on the full appreciation of
this experience, so I quickly obtained some smelling salts from
the shelf and held them under her nose. In no time she awakened
and shortly thereafter became reacquainted with the painful
condition of her breasts and nipples, and began crying
hysterically.

To ensure that she drank in the full experience, I thoughtfully
flicked her nipples with my forefingers, drawing anguished yelps.
"Are your little nips sore, darling?" I asked. She didn't seem
desirous of entering into conversation.

I noticed that Nancy was standing beside me, quietly observing
Jenny and her gaily colored boobs with and air of placid
satisfaction. We shared a mother/daughter smile, and I said, "You
did a wonderful job, Nancy."

"Thanks, Mom!" and she gave me a wonderful hug.

Meanwhile, Dave and Timmy were unfastening Jenny's wrist cuffs.
As soon as their support was removed, Jenny's knees gave out and
she collapsed into my arms. Unfortunately for her this caused her
very sore and tender tits to be crushed against me and she gave
out a weak little yelp. With a little help from Dave I managed to
flop her down into and easy chair.

"Mom, why don't we put some soothing salve on Jenny's poor little
tits?" Nancy asked.

"I believe I have just the right stuff for young Jenny." I
answered as I got a jar out of a drawer in the wall. What was in
the jar was a special concoction of Dave's. It looked just like
cold cream, and, at first, that's just what it felt like - very
soothing no doubt to a pair of mistreated breasts. I suspect that
not many of your readers, dear professor, expect that this
special concoction is as innocent as it seems. I confess that
they are right. About a minute after application the treated area
starts to become very hot, and the heat grows in intensity until
it is all but unbearable. Naturally, areas with lots of nerve
endings were especially susceptible.

I put on a pair of rubber gloves and applied the cream to Jenny's
breasts. I had to use a lot of the stuff because there was such a
great deal of surface area. Jenny really was kind of out of it,
because she didn't really seem to fully aware of what I was
doing, although she did seem to enjoy, in a dreamy way, the
initially soothing effect. I applied the cream very thoroughly,
because that's the kind of person I am, especially on Jenny's
nipple areas, taking care to rub it well into the skin. This last
operation woke Jenny up a bit as I rubbed and massaged her
sensitive and sore nipples. I'm afraid I couldn't resist giving
each of them a sharp little tweak, producing an amusing yelp,
before leaving them alone.

Gradually, Jenny began to come to her senses, about the same time
that the salve started getting a bit nasty.

"Ohhhh! They're burning! Ow!" were the first words out of her
lovely mouth. She began to rub her breasts in a vain attempt to
comfort them, but this only accelerated the effects of the salve.
As the burning increased she started panicking.

"Ah! Ahhh! Ohhh! Ohhh! Oh, help! They're bur-r-r-rning!" she
began to shake them about - it seemed that the air gave them just
a little bit of relief. The effect was quite amusing and
satisfying. She rolled out of the chair and onto her back on the
floor, writhing in agony, her scarlet and purple breasts flopping
back and forth with her gyrations. Gradually the burning and her
strength waned and she again passed into a sort of faint.

We helped her up to her room and dumped her on her bed, a forlorn
young girl who now had boobs that were almost a colorful as her
bottom had been two nights before. And her bottom was still
pretty colorful in its own right. She rolled right over on her
back, to take pressure off of her sore tits.

We "tuned in" on the TV monitor downstairs, not expecting much
since Jenny hadn't done any "self-pleasuring" since before the
first session. However, we were pleasantly surprised. Even as she
wept for the sad state of her twin "big treasures", her right
hand stole down to her furry, plump "little treasure" and began
softly caressing it. It wasn't long before she was moaning and
groaning in ecstasy instead of pain. It was a great show, which
we dubbed "The Purple Breasted Mattress Thrasher". Naturally it
was recorded.

After her orgasm died down the pain in her boobs seemed to
reassert itself and she massaged them oh so tenderly as she
gradually fell into an exhausted sleep. The family went to bed as
well, but I can definitely tell you that Dave and I did NOT go to
sleep for a long time. I suspect that Nancy and Timmy were awake
for a while at least. Yes the evening had been quite stimulating!
And it was wonderful to realize that there was so much fun still
to come.

The next morning Jenny found a slightly different costume to
wear. Similar to the days before, there were two items of
clothing, but, instead of a g-string and a halter top, this time
it was a g-string and a pair of shorts - nothing to cover her
beloved breasts. I provided the shorts simply to emphasize by
contrast the nakedness of her breasts.

Breakfast was yet another ordeal for the poor, sensitive, modest
girl. Her breasts had become two Technicolor beacons, covering
almost the entire color spectrum, every color, it seemed, except
for their original white. They also appeared to be quite sore,
since she winced whenever any movement of hers caused them to
bounce or jiggle in the slightest. Her nipples especially were
swollen and purple, along with the aureols.

If you remember, the day after we attended to Jenny's big bottom
Nancy and Timmy were given permission to torment it through the
day in various ways. Well, this day was the same for her boobs.
Timmy and Nancy were allowed to pinch and tweak them as much as
they wanted. Dave helped them rig up a little "leash" with some
light leather strap and two clips for Jenny's nipples. Even
though these clips were not terribly wicked, Jenny's sore and
swollen nipples could barely tolerate them In addition, they
tightened when pulled, to ensure that Jenny would instantly
follow wherever she was led. The kids made her crawl around the
house on all fours, yanking cruelly on the leash whenever she
dawdled. Sometimes Timmy would walk behind her and encourage her
with a playful toe tapping her between the legs. It was pretty
clear where his interests lay!

I could tell that Timmy was getting more and more excited,
because the next night was to be HIS night. Yes, it's true that
he already had had a wonderful time tormenting his sister Nancy
on two other occasions, but for him it was ten times more
wonderful to think of having his lovely, unattainable, cousin
Jenny at his mercy. Now he was like a kid that couldn't wait for
Christmas. My guess was he probably wouldn't sleep at all this
coming night, the poor kid. I really felt for him!

After supper, during which Jenny ate hardly a bite and the rest
of us enjoyed looking at her most interesting breasts, Timmy and
Dave retired to the workshop/punishment room to make final
preparations for the following night.

We made Jenny wash the dishes, thinking it might be amusing to
have a topless dishwasher, and Nancy and I stayed in the kitchen
to watch her at her work. After she finished I gave her
permission to go to her room, but she seemed to want to talk, and
I sensed that she very much preferred it to be between just her
and me. I sent Nancy off to watch TV and I said, "What's the
matter, Jenny?"

As she fumbled for words I indicated a chair at the kitchen
table. She sat, but winced a bit as her bottom made initial
contact. Evidently four days wasn't quite enough to heal from the
rather rough treatment we had given it! Meanwhile I enjoyed the
thought of having a heart-to-heart talk with a bare-breasted
niece.

"II.w-well, that isOh, Aunt Marge, I know I've deserved to be
punished, but I've been punished already - haven't I? And I've
been so embarrassed in front of Timmy and Uncle Dave. I know that
I am supposed to, to, to h-have another session..buthaven't I
had enough? Couldn't you PLEASE let me off? I promise I'll never
steal anything ever again."

I thought for a second, "Well, Jenny, do you really think you've
been punished enough for what you've done to your family?"

Jenny seemed to realize that she had to be careful. If she said
that she HAD had enough, she knew that I might take this as
evidence that she didn't realize the seriousness of her crimes.

"Ohhh! I know it was VERY bad, and I deserve a great deal of
punishment, but it's just thatthat"

"Out with it, girl!"

"Oh, I-I'm afraid of, what you'll do to me next, and I'm a-afraid
that you'll make me be completely naked. Oh, please tell me
you're not going to make me completely naked? Not in front of
Timmy and Uncle Dave. Oh, please, Aunt Marge!!"

"Why, Jenny, dear, you've already been just the next thing to
completely naked. What are you concerned about - a couple more
square inches of skin? Oh really, now!"

"Ohh, I just c-can't let them s-see med-down th-thyou know, see
myOhh!"

"You mean your pussy, Jenny, dear? You don't want Uncle Dave and
Timmy to see your pussy?"

Jenny blushed furiously at this, and stared at the table, "Y-yes,
that's it."

"Well, Jenny, dear, I'm afraid I have to continue with our policy
here. I'm not going to tell you anything about what your session
tomorrow will involve. But surely you realize that Dave and Timmy
have seen pussies before, and I'm sure yours is no different from
the rest."

Jenny seemed to wince at each use of the word "pussy". She was
such a modest girl!

"Ohhh, Aunt Marge, couldn't you whip my bottom some more? I'll be
good and stay in position and say everything you want me to say,
and, and"

"Tell, me, Jenny, is that all you're worried about - whether or
not Uncle Dave and Timmy get a glimpse of your bush?"

"W-well I'm also w-worried about what you'll d-do t-to itmeit.
I just couldn't stand it there, Aunt Marge. I just couldn't!!! It
would hurt too much!!"

"Well, dear, I certainly agree that a girl's vulva is a very
tender place, and if we did punish you there it probably WOULD
hurt quite a bit."

Jenny allowed herself a glimmer of hope. "You mean you w-won't
punish me there?"

"Oh, no, Jenny, I said no such thing. I'm not saying ANYTHING
about tomorrow."

Jenny burst into tears. "You couldn't! You wouldn't!" she cried
hysterically.

"Get ahold on yourself dear. There, there, get along to bed.
Here, I'll break the rules just a bit and let you in on some good
news. Your little cousin Timmy will be the master of ceremonies
for tomorrow night, and you know how much he likes you. So there
isn't really that much to fear after all, is there?"

Jenny was thunderstruck. Apparently she had never considered that
she might be subjected to the merciless cruelties of her young
cousin. Any teenage girl knows in her heart the dangers possible
from twelve year old boys. It stopped her tears and she stared at
me in horror.

"N-no, n-not Timmyyou wouldn't let Timmyoh you couldn't, could
you?"

"Now, now, dear. No need to get yourself into an uproar. What do
you think Timmy's going to do to you anyway?"

"IheI d-don't k-know"

"See? Let tomorrow take care of itself, dear. Now, along to bed
with you. Go ongood night." And I watched the demoralized teen
slink slowly from the kitchen.

I gathered Timmy and Dave from the workshop and we joined Nancy
in the TV room. We tune Jenny in, to see if there might be any
fun. We had the enjoyment of seeing the bare-breast youngster
sitting on the bed and crying bitterly, but, instead of
comforting herself as she had on other nights, she seemed to
become lost in deep thought. I suspected that she might be up to
something.

Sure enough later that night we were awakened by the burglar
alarm. Dave and I rushed downstairs to find young Jenny, dressed
in only her shorts, attempting to climb out a window. We carried
the desperate girl, naked, mulitcolored breasts flopping, up to
her room and locked her in. Before we left her there I expressed
my extreme disappointment and let her know that she had just
added greatly to her demerit count. The despair painted on her
face was wondrous to see!

When Jenny was awakened by the alarm the next morning, with me
watching from the kitchen TV monitor, I could tell that her
breasts had a ways to go to recover from Nancy's rather harsh
treatment of them two nights before. Bruises and discoloration
abounded. As she pulled herself out of bed, it was also apparent
that they were still very sore and tender. Almost any motion that
caused them to shift or swing about brought a wince to Jenny's
lovely face.

The clothing Jenny found laid out for her was probably quite a
surprise. Instead of a couple of skimpy pieces of cloth, I had
left her a complete Britlish schoolgirl's outfit, complete with
skirt, jacket, tie, white socks, penny loafers, and regulation
green knickers. She seemed to hardly know what to do with this
bounty, but finally she got the idea and dressed. She looked
absolutely scrumptious. I wondered if she might have any idea of
what kinds of evil ideas a costume such as that could engender in
the mind of a teenage boy like Timmy, or of a terminal teenager
in his thirties like Dave.

I figured she didn't have much of an idea, because her state of
mind seemed improved. I think that she was beginning to hope that
her session with Timmy wasn't going to be so horribly
embarrassing after all. She probably figured that even a family
such as ours had some limits to how improperly they might treat a
naughty teenager. She probably figured that all of her worries
about the boys getting a look, and maybe even a feel, at her
feminine parts were overblown - that she was perhaps out of the
woods on that score.

Well, dear reader, what do YOU think? Do you think Jenny's future
for this day was to be quite so nice? I think YOU know our family
better than that! Jenny was an example of the condemned person
finding hope in the slightest thing - a drowning person clutching
at straws. She was in fact falling right into our plan, which
involved repeated offers of hope for reprieve which was only to
be miserably disappointed.

To keep Jenny even more in the dark, everyone made and effort to
treat her very politely and with some deference. This SHOULD have
raise her suspicions, but it didn't appear to. Instead, her
spirits improved as the day wore on. However, during supper, it
was clear that some of her apprehensions were returning. After
all, there WAS going to be SOME kind of a session tonight, and we
certainly hadn't been especially gentle with her or especially
protective of her feminine modesty on the two previous sessions.

I said, in a calm voice, "Well, Jenny, dear, it's time for your
last session, except of course for your demerit session which
will be two days from today. Congratulations on being almost
finished with your training and punishment. Now, please come with
us into the workshop and will see about getting this over with."

Jenny's rose with difficulty. Her conflicting emotions caused her
knees to tremble. Her lovely dark eyes were wide as saucers and
her lip trembled. Hope and fear battled within her breast, or,
breasts, which, by the way, did a marvelous job of filling out
her terrific outfit - in fact the buttons on her shirt at breast
level seemed in some danger. And now they were rising and falling
with fearful quick breathing.

We followed the worlds cutest schoolgirl as she walked unsteadily
to meet her fate - and what a fate it was to be!

The only item that was uncovered in the workshop was the famous
gynecological exam table that we had first used on Nancy, in "The
Seat of Learning", and then later had Jenny on, on her hands and
knees, to receive her caning from Nancy - the "hamster girl"
session. This time, however, the stirrups had been replaced,
giving it that dreaded look that any teenager who has been to
that certain type of doctor recognizes instantly. Jenny almost
fainted, and in fact would have fallen to the floor if I hadn't
caught her.

All of her hopes were dashed in an instant!

"Oh no! No! No!" she screamed, trying desperately to escape. Dave
and I held her easily.

"Jenny, you're earning more demerits. Stop it!" I ordered.

This calmed her a bit.

Timmy and Nancy moved the table off of center stage, where the
lights were shining. I ordered Jenny to stand under the lights
where the table had been.

After everyone had grabbed comfortable seats, except for Jenny of
course, I began, "Now, Jenny, perhaps I had better remind you.
You have amassed quite a few demerit points up to now. I hope you
understand that your demerit session is designed to make sure
that you ALWAYS behave well under discipline in the future. Think
what this implies, my dear. A demerit session is not something
you want to experience, even though you ARE going to, so you had
REALLY best do your best to avoid MORE demerits, which will only
increase the discomfort you will experience then. Understood?"

"Y-Yes, ma'am." answered the tearful, ravishing, young British
schoolgirl.

"All right, then. Now, you'll be happy, I'm sure, because of your
rather obsessive modesty, to learn that at first you'll only be
removing one item of clothing." She looked at me hopefully.

"Your underpants." I continued, and then enjoyed the look of
confusion and dismay this statement produced.

"M-my, my, oh, but I can't!" wringing her hands.

"Either that our we'll very happily remove all of your clothing
and assign you a large number of extra demerits. Come on, which
is it, girl? Quickly!"

Jenny quickly decided that obedience was the better course. She
seemed to also realize that she could remove her "knickers"
without immodestly exposing herself. Self-consciously she reach
up under her skirt and carefully worked her underwear down to her
knees and then stepped out of them. She held them in her hands
awkwardly, not knowing what she was supposed to do.

"Present your underpants to Timmy, Jenny, and ask him to do his
best to see that you are well disciplined this evening." I
ordered, with a smile at Timmy, who was beaming with cruel
pleasure.

Jenny walked reluctantly to Timmy and held out the knickers to
him. He took them greedily. Jenny then said, very quietly,
"Please discipline me well, Timmy."

