
If you don't like stories with sexual content - dont bother reading this.
If for any reason it is illegal for you to read this story, don't read it.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written 
permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this 
notice attached.  The author may be contacted at sxyredgrl@aol.com.

All the characters and events in this story are fictional, any resemblance to 
real people or events is entirely coincidental.  The names of any places or 
persons which appear in my stories are completely fictional.
-----------------------
Constructive commments welcomed.  I am planning on writing a series of 
stories involving law enforcement personnel.  All stories will be titled 
"Officer (name)"
-----------------------

I layed, face down, across the end of the massage table with the cum of 3 men 
dripping down the back of my thighs and drying on my face. I had just been 
"taken" and used for their pleasure.  Physically, I was fine, a little 
tired... but fine.  Mentally, however, I was exhausted.  I just had several 
of my sexual fantacies fulfilled at once and my mind was racing, yet void of 
thought at the same time.  I was on "Cloud 9".

We were all patients at the same physical therapy clinic.  I had torn a 
tendon in my ankle during a softball game; Eddie had blown out his knee 
jumping over a wall; Brian's thigh was crushed by a car; and Bill had hurt 
his shoulder taking down a suspect.  All 3 of the guys were cops... working 
for different agencies; all hurt on duty. We were all on the end of the 
downhill side of our injury rehabilitation and nearly back to 100%.

I had seen the 3 of them in the clinic before... however not all at the same 
time.  Eddie was hispanic, about 5'8" tall, dark hair and eyes.  He was a 
body builder and had huge, overdeveloped, "Popeye" arms. He was a patrol 
officer who was usually quiet and kept to himself.  Brian was about 6'1".  He 
had sandy brown hair and bright blue eyes.  He was a big bulky guy who worked 
on a gang task force.  Bill was just under 6' tall.  He had more of  the 
'runner's' body that the law enforcement agencies look for nowadays.  He was 
fit, lean and strong.  He worked undercover - mainly in the train and subway 
stations.

I was in the 'wet room' using the whirlpool for my leg.  The guys were in the 
main area - Bill and Eddie using the weight machines and Brian was doing some 
sort of stretching exercises at a nearby massage table.  I was doing 
'hot/cold' therapy, where I spend 3 minutes with my leg in the hot whirlpool 
and then 3 minutes with my leg in a bucket of ice water.  It was pretty hard 
to screw up, so the therapists usually turned on the whirlpool for me and 
just left me alone in there for 2 hours.  The small whirlpool I normally used 
wasnt working that day, so instead, I was using the big, bathtub sized one, 
with a massage table built up around it. For some reason, the temperature of 
the whirlpool water was getting cold. I leaned over to check the gauges that 
I've seen the therapists adjust a million times, and my foot slipped on the 
slick bottom of the whirlpool and the next thing I knew - I was sitting in 3 
feet of cool water!!

Brian got to me first and helped me to stand up in the tub.  His cologne was 
fantastic - it was a strong scent, but not overpowering. Eddie and Bill came 
in the 'wet room' next.  Bill started snickering to himself and it was 
contageous.  I must have looked like a drowned rat and soon we were all 
laughing.  Of course, it didnt help any, when I slipped AGAIN and got 
everyone a little soaked.

I turned to Brian and asked, "Ummm, someone better help me outta this thing 
before someone thinks we're having too much fun in here"?

The 3 men looked at eachother knowingly and they all smiled when Bill said, 
"Nothing wrong with a little fun now and then".  He removed his wet shirt and 
hung it on the hook over the window in the 'wet room' door.  Brian and Eddie 
did the same and then helped me up onto the massage table.

I was completely soaked - my white t-shirt shrunk up against my breasts - you 
could see through my shirt and through the sheer bra I had on.  My nipples 
were tight and erect.  My green shorts, however, were doing the complete 
opposite - they hung off my ass like they were 3 sizes to big, showing my 
white lace thong panties.  The men looked at eachother - looking for an 
unspoken cue to go ahead and cross over the point of no return.  So far, no 
rules of conduct had been broken, they had just helped me up on the table.  I 
looked down at my drenched shorts, spread my legs a little and felt them 
slide down to my ankles from the weight of the water.

It was Eddie who walked over and locked the door.

The wet room was completely tiled - floor, walls, and ceiling, to prevent 
damage from splashing water.  The only thing padded and soft was the massage 
table. I sat down in the center of the table.  Brian started kissing me 
gently as Bill and Eddie undressed.  I felt one set of hands pull me down on 
my back and another set grab my legs and pull me towards the edge of the 
table.  

All 3 men were undressed now and stroking their cocks.  I motioned for them 
to approach and I took Bill into my mouth first.  The massage table was the 
perfect height - Bill could stand comfortably and fuck my mouth.  Brian 
busied himself with wrapping my thighs over his shoulders and burying his 
cock in my shaved pussy.  Eddie hung back a minute and then quickly ripped my 
wet t-shirt off.  Eddie kissed each breast thru my bra, and nibbled each 
nipple before taking his pocket knife and cutting my bra off between my 
boobs.  I found this extremely erotic.  He began to knead my breasts harder - 
pulling and pinching on my nipples.  I looked at my nipples as he was doing 
it and I couldnt believe that what looked to be so painful was feeling so 
good.

After a few minutes, they switched positions and  Eddie fucked me as Bill 
went to my boobs and Brian went to my mouth.  I could taste my juices on 
Brians huge cock.  I could barely manage to get in all in my mouth without 
gagging on it.  Brian went slowly, apparently he'd ran into this problem 
before.  

It was Bill's idea to flip me over and take me from behind.  It was also 
Bill's idea to fuck me anally.  They moved me into position, laying over the 
edge of the massage table - my feet just barely touching the ground.  I began 
to lose track of who's cock was who's and what I was doing with it. One of 
them sat on the table in front of me so I could suck his cock and the 3rd 
went under the table and fingered my clit. I was running on instinct - 
fucking and sucking at the same time.  I was out of control and loving every 
minute of it.  They were calling me names like "Slut" and slapping me on the 
ass.  Oddly, the more they called me "Slut", the more I enjoyed myself.

I think it was Eddie who came in my mouth first, his thick cock dumping a 
load of white cum on the back of my tongue.  It was thick and sweet, and I 
licked up every drop he gave me. 

They switched positions again and again.  It was a leasurely pace.. nothing 
was rushed, forced or violent in any way. I always had a cock in my mouth and 
one buried in my pussy.  One man would cum in my mouth and I'd swallow 
everything before sucking off the next one.  One man would shoot off his load 
in my pussy and I'd feel his cum drip down my legs as the next man entered 
me.  I came and came again. I'd lost track of how many times I reached orgasm 
in the past 2 hours.

I was getting a little tired.  I dont think I could have swallowed another 
drop of cum.  Brian sensed this and told the guys that they should wrap it 
up.  I felt my pussy fill with hot cum one last time as a gush of hot liquid 
oozed across my cheek.  I wanted to keep going - fulfill more fantacies... 
but my time in the wet room was almost over and the therapist would be in to 
check on me any minute now.  I hoped to be able to see them again - maybe 
individually - although another group session would be great too.

Before getting dressed, I layed on the edge of the massage table, feeling the 
cum of 3 men drip down the back of my thighs.

