Husband Shows Off Wife
by StevensChoice26

HUSBAND SHOWS OFF WIFE PT. 01

Husband shows wife to friend while she's drunk.

This is a short story about me showing off my wife. She is a very attractive, 35 years old and has always somewhat of a prude. She has always dressed conservatively, no short skirts, no lowcut tops, wouldn't think of going braless other than around the house, certainly not in front of others, you get the picture.

The problem as I see it, is this is all very unfortunate since she really is a looker, has a killer body and great tits. It's a shame she doesn't dress a little differently because she'd look great and it wouldn't really be out of the norm by today's standards. I've suggested she try it from time to time but so far, it's a "no go."

Don't get me wrong, I love my wife as she is and she will on occasion dress sexy for me around the house, I'm just frustrated that I can't share it with others. It's like having a really cool car but always keeping it in the garage.

Let me describe Ann, so you can get an idea of what others are missing. She is 5 ft 3in, weights around 110 lbs, has long natural blond hair with a slight wave in it, pale blue eyes, a dazzling smile, and very perky and outgoing personality with great 34DD tits, with plenty of bounce and jiggle. When she does wear something sexy or revealing, she looks spectacular, it's just a shame it's never when another guy could see and admire her.

When I've mentioned to her that I wished she would wear tops that showed some cleavage when we go out or have some of my friends over, or even go braless in front of my friends, she sometimes says, "Maybe someday" but it never happens. She's simply to shy and set in her ways.

About the only time Ann loses her inhibitions is when she drinks. Once she's feeling no pain, she will loosen up and wear something unbuttoned down low or something see through without a bra under it. Those are the times when I'd love to have someone over and let them see Ann's perfect bouncy tits.

One day, I decided I'd try to try to show off Ann's tits when a friend was over. I went about it slowly and took my time, doing a little more each time, trying to let her become accustom to it. Here's what happened.

It was a nice summer day and my friend Alex was coming over for a BBQ. I told him to come early for a few beers before dinner. Since it was a warm day, Ann was wearing some cut off Levis and a thin floral sleeveless blouse. Since the blouse was on the thin side, Ann put on a black bra, a white one would have shown through too much and luckily, the only black bra she had was a very sexy lace balconette type thing that had low cups and accented the tops of her breasts and barely covered her areola and nipples.

With her blouse on and buttoned, her sexy bra was covered, but it did at least let her tits bounce more than one of her regular bras would. It was a good look and something I thought i could take advantage of later, after a few drinks.

As usual, Ann had her blouse buttoned up high, with only one button undone down from her neck. No cleavage showing but she looked great, even sexy without showing anything. It was a good start for what I had planned.

Even before Alex arrived, I had opened a bottle of wine for Ann, letting her start early before dinner. By the time Alex arrived, Ann was on her second glass of wine, three glasses is usually when she starts to feels its effects.

The three of us sat out on the patio and talked, laughing, joking and having a good time. I made sure to keep Ann's wine glass topped off.

Somewhere after her third glass of wine, Ann and I were in the kitchen doing something when I looked to her and complimented her, saying, "You look really nice today, that's a nice outfit."

As I was telling her this, I reached up and unbuttoned the next closed button on her blouse, opening it and telling her, "There, that looks even better. It doesn't really show anything, will you leave it like this for me?"

Ann looked down to see that she wasn't even showing any cleavage and agreed to leave it unbuttoned. We went back out and joined Alex, he didn't even notice the change. Good, this is what I was hoping for, slow and gradual, no big deal, right?

Later on, I put the steaks on while Ann put the finishing touches on the rest of our meal. Ann continued to sip at her wine and when I went into the kitchen, I could see it was taking affect and that she was feeling good. It was time to try for another button.

"I really like this blouse, you really look great, can I undo one more button, maybe show just a little cleavage? As I unbuttoned the next button, her blouse opened to just between her breasts, showing some of the tops of her breasts and lacy cups of her bra. I don't know if she didn't realize how much was going to show or if she didn't mind, but she looked down again and said, "Ok, I guess that's ok."

The next time Ann walked back out to us, Alex and I were going to be treated to Ann's beautiful white breast tops bouncing in that sexy lace bra. There was no way Alex wouldn't notice this time!

A few minutes later, Ann came out with dinner. As I hoped, she was showing some cleavage now and we could see some of her bra and white jiggling breast tops. I looked over to Alex as she was walking out, he didn't comment but looked back at me with a smile and raised eyebrows, admiring my wife and her sexy new look.

We had a nice dinner, more beer for Alex and I and more wine for Ann, with he and I enjoying what we could see of her tits. It was a lot, especially compared to what she would normally show and a more than welcome treat. The best part was, Ann didn't seem to mind and was ok with what she was showing. So far, so good.

After dinner, the three of us sat around and talked. Alex was seated in the patio chair, Ann and I share the sofa, facing Alex. I made sure to keep Ann's glass topped off and by mid-evening, she was really feeling no pain and was very relaxed.

Sitting close to each other, I took the next step and draped my arm around Ann and let my hand rest over her shoulder with my fingertips laying on her breast. Slowly, I kept easing her top open, trying to expose more of her, the problem was I needed one more button unbuttoned in order to pull it open far enough.

Without asking, I reached over with my free hand and started to unbutton another button while Alex looked on. Ann noticed and asked me, "What are you doing?"

"Just undoing this button to loosen you blouse a little." I answered.

"Oh, ok" was her reply. Good, she was feeling the effects of the wine and was agreeable, so far.

After I got that pesky button undone, I went back to pulling Ann's blouse open and was able to get it open enough to expose her entire lace covered right breast.

Alex smiled as he looked from me to Ann's breast and back, he was obviously enjoying me showing her off. I slipped my fingertips under the lace, down to Ann's nipple, which was rock hard and rubbed over it, causing Ann to gasp just a bit. She was enjoying this too.

Eventually, we all took the dinner dishes into the kitchen and used the restroom. While we were alone, I asked Ann, "Are you doing ok, are you ok with showing off to Alex? This isn't so bad, is it?"

Dreamily, she looked up to me and answered, "No, it's not, Yeah, I'm ok as long as you are too."

I took a chance and asked, "Since you're doing so well, what do you think about going in and taking your bra off? I think it would be so sexy and your blouse isn't so see-through that it will show too much."

Ann thought it over, "Yeah, ok, I guess I could do that. Do you want me to leave it unbuttoned too?"

"No, not all the way, just down about three buttons, just enough to show a little cleavage will be fine."

Ann left to change and Alex and I returned to the patio, giving us a chance to talk alone. I asked if I was embarrassing him and was doing too much in showing Ann off to him. He assured me he was just fine and was enjoying the show. He even admitted, "I've always thought Ann would be better off wearing her tops that showed a little cleavage. This is nice, more than had been thinking but, hey, no complaints here."

I laughed and replied, "Good, because I just talked her into taking off her bra. I'm not sure how much we will be able to see but it's going to be better than having those big tits of hers covered by a bra, lace or no lace!"

Alex didn't disagree.

When Ann walked back out, she didn't seem shy or reluctant. I couldn't have been more pleased with the look. We were able to see more through her blouse than I thought and Alex and I watched her swaying bare breasts and hard nipples as she walked towards us. Wow, what a sight, something I never dreamed I'd ever see her do in front of another man.

Ann plopped down on the sofa next to me, both tits bouncing when she did. She had unbuttoned her blouse down one more button than I thought she was going to and bare skin showed all the way down to just below her breasts, showing us the inside of each breast.

We spend the rest of the evening talking, Ann's leacing her blouse open as it was. I never did take a breast all the way out for Alex, I figured he could see her nipples through her blouse and wanted to leave more for another time and not push things any further. I do think there were a couple times he may have caught a look at Ann's entire breast and nipple when she bent over and reached out for something on the coffee table, letting her blouse fall away, giving Alex a good look inside.

That was as far as I took it that night. The fact that Ann had willingly shown that much to Alex was surprising and much more than I had hoped. I wanted to do this again, showing more next time. The good news was that Ann wasn't upset and angry the next day. This was good and I couldn't wait for the next time.


HUSBAND SHOWS OFF WIFE PT. 02

Husband talks wife into wearing revealing top in public.

This is a continuation of my attempt show off my wife Ann's tits and for her to wear more revealing tops in public and in front of my friends.

Ann is normally shy and has never worn anything close to revealing in front of my friends or when we go out. Anything sexy is always in the privacy of our home and just for me.

She is very attractive, has a great figure and a great set of natural 34DD breasts. I've always wished she would dress sexy more often and show off a little, but haven't had much success until recently, and even then, only with the help of a few glasses of wine. My first story describes that evening.

Having recently had success in getting Ann to loosen up and wear something revealing for a friend, I decided to employ that same tactic one evening when we were going out for dinner and drinks.

Before leaving, I suggested we open a bottle of wine and have a drink or two before dinner. Ann had her wine, I sipped at a beer. After she'd had a couple glasses of wine, it was time to get ready for dinner. I asked what she was going to wear and she asked, "I'm not sure, why, is there something you'd like me to wear?"

"Well, I don't know, how about we go find something together. I'd love to see you wear something more on the sexy side tonight, if you're up to it."

We went to her closet and found a couple blouses I thought might do the trick. She picked a couple as well. I finally persuaded her to wear a long sleeve chiffon blouse, black with a floral design, sheer but with the busy design, you really couldn't see through it all that well.

I also got her to agree on a black lacy balconette bra I bought for her. The cups are cut across, out to both sides before they attach to the straps. As a result, almost all of the top half of her breasts are uncovered which lets her breasts bounce and jiggle. It's also and unlined bra, making it on the see-through side, which I find very sexy.

Ann had only worn it once and that was for me around the house. The thought of her wearing it tonight was more than I had hoped. Now all I had to do was talk her into unbuttoning her blouse down low enough so I could see into her blouse and see her bra and her white breasts it was supporting.

Well, maybe me and some other lucky guy or guys.

Her outfit picked, she changed and looked great. Heels, a moderately short black skirt and the blouse. Unfortunately, she had it buttoned only down to mid-chest, no cleavage, at least not yet. I'd work on that.

Before going into the restaurant dining room, we decided on another drink before dinner and went to the bar first. We chose a booth and ordered our drinks. Once Ann had finished her glass of wine and had ordered a second, I reached over to her and unbuttoned one more button on her blouse without asking.

She looked down at what I was doing and then back to me as if to ask, "What are you doing?"

I told her she looked so nice, that I wanted to adjust her blouse just a little, to give it a slightly sexier look, then added, "Just a bit of cleavage, you look so sexy when you wear it open a little."

Ann thanked me and left her blouse unbuttoned for me. One more button and I'd have it down low enough that it would be just below her breasts and all of her cleavage and part of her bra would be visible when it gapped open.

We finished our drinks. Ann ordered another and brought it to our table. We were able to get a table near a corner. The restaurant has low lighting and our location was perfect. We sat facing out a window with a view and more or less, had our backs towards the rest of the room.

I chose this arrangement so that if I could get Ann to unbutton one more button, she wouldn't worry about everyone being able to see her. My hope was to talk her into unbuttoning her blouse low enough to give me a view of the tops of her breasts and lacy bra during dinner, providing her blouse gapped open. I was also hoping she'd be feeling relaxed enough and she wouldn't worry about how much our waiter would be able to see. If she left her blouse alone and didn't keep closing it, the waiter and I both, would get a good look.

Our waiter turned out to be a good-looking young man in his late twenties. I mention he was good-looking because Ann had told me she thought he was. This was good, I thought maybe she wouldn't mind letting a handsome young man have a peek at her breasts.

We ordered a bottle of wine with our dinner. Our waiter poured it for us and asked if we were ready to order. I told him we wanted an unhurried dinner and that we'd start with an appetizer, giving us a chance to enjoy our wine before we ordered.

Alone with our private table, I complimented Ann again on how nice she looked, saying, "You really look great tonight. I love your outfit, thank you for indulging me and wearing that blouse and bra. You're looking very sexy, do you think I could talk you into unbuttoning one more button? Not only would it be very sexy, it would give me a great view of your cleavage. It's private here and you're facing away from others so it would be just for me."

Ann looked around and saw it was correct, she'd have her privacy, so she smiled at me and said, "Sure, I guess I can give you a little treat tonight."

She unbuttoned another button and pulled her blouse open, allowing plenty of her breasts to show. I loved it and as long as she didn't think about the waiter and what he may be seeing, it would be the perfect scenario.

The first test came soon enough, the waiter returned to re-fill our wine glasses. Ann didn't flinch, she carried on as normal, allowing the young man to top her wine off for her, all the while giving him a good look at the tops of both of her white breast tops and her lacy black bra. She even looked up to him and thanked him.

I watched him while her was at our table and saw that he definitely had noticed Ann's open blouse. He had taken the opportunity to get several lengthy looks.

We ate our appetizer and sipped our wine, enjoying our evening. I couldn't help myself and had to mention Ann's open blouse and the view she was giving me and the waiter, each time her came to our table.

When I did, she looked down at her chest and said, "Yes, I guess I am showing quite a bit, if you are ok with it and you don't mind our waiter looking at my boobs, I guess I'm ok with it too."

Giving it a bit more thought, Ann added, "Actually, I'm feeling very sexy tonight, dressed like this. I'm enjoying the way you've been looking at me, I'm glad it makes you happy. I also noticed our waiter has been checking me out too. Knowing he can see so much of my breasts makes me tingle a little. It feels kind of naughty but I like it."

I was surprised by her admission but was pleased, this is exactly what I had been hoping for. Our dinner went pretty much the same way, with both our waiter and the busboy giving us extra attention and getting long looks at Ann's breasts. I don't know if it was just excellent service or if they were giving us extra attention because of Ann's open blouse, but I was enjoying it, either way.

After all these years, Ann had finally loosened up to the point of allowing other men to see plenty of her beautiful breasts.

Seeing that Ann was feeling the effects of several glasses of wine and was willingly wearing her blouse open, I didn't want the evening to end. I suggested we stop by a nearby bar for a nightcap. She liked the idea and we went to a place we know that isn't loud or rowdy and not normally overcrowded.

Ann had left the restaurant with her blouse still unbuttoned and had left it that way when we entered the bar. It wasn't gapping open, it was just unbuttoned down below her breasts, showing cleavage.

It wasn't overly busy and I was able to get a table close to the bar where several guys were sitting and I positioned Ann so that they would have the perfect angle to see down her blouse if it gapped open. I was sure they'd be looking as I had noticed a couple of them checking her out when we walked in. I sat across from Ann so that I'd be able to see her cleavage, the same view the guys sitting up at the bar were getting.

I left Ann at the table to go order our drinks, getting her another red wine. I switched to straight 7up, I'd had enough to drink already and just wanted to enjoy watching others enjoy Ann's outfit.

While waiting for my order, I looked back to Ann and noticed her blouse had already fallen open and was showing almost her entire right bra cup and breast that had jiggled out enough that the areola was partially exposed. I hadn't expected this but loved it. The guys at the bar were already looking, the rest of this evening was going to be perfect. Ann was inadvertently showing more than she knew.

I returned to our table with our drinks. Each time Ann would reach for her drink, I noticed the one breast was continuing to work its way out and it wasn't long before the only thing holding her breast in, was her nipple. So far, Ann hadn't noticed and corrected the problem and I sure as hell wasn't going to tell her.

We sat and enjoyed our drinks as we talked. I'd occasionally glance up to the bar and each time I did, at least one of the guys, sometimes, two, were looking at Ann and her almost exposed nipple.

Ann decided she wanted a second glass of wine and asked I get it for her. By this time, she was definitely feeling the effects of the drinks from before and during dinner. I took a chance and told her, "You said earlier, you were feeling sexy and kind of naughty, I think it would be a even more naughty if you went to the ladies room and took your bra off, while I get you another wine. I'd love to see you walk back here to our table, knowing there is nothing under your blouse but those gorgeous tits of yours."

What I really wanted was for everyone to see her tits jiggle and sway as she walked back in. I love that look, what guy doesn't?

Ann looked at me with an unsure look and replied, "I don't know, there are a lot of people in here."

I reminded her it was relatively dark, not that crowded and said I didn't really think anyone would notice. Ok, that was a big fat lie, I knew damn well the guys at the bar would be watching.

Ann thought it over and asked, "Do you really want me to? It won't embarrass you if someone notices?"

I assured her that, yes, I'd like her to do it and, no, I wouldn't be embarrassed. I added, "There is no way I'd be embarrassed by you. You are looking so sexy tonight I'd love it if a couple of these guys noticed and watched as you walk back here. I think it would be hot."

She smiled at my compliment and said, "Ok, I will meet you back here.""

I didn't hesitate, I wanted to get her wine and be back at our table before Ann retuned. I wanted to watch every second of her walking through the bar and back to our table. I wanted to see what the guys at the bar were going to see.

Back with time to spare, I waited for Ann's return. I don't know if she did it on purpose or if it was accidental, but when she came back out, she'd actually left her blouse unbuttoned down one button lower than before. It was undone down to her mid-stomach but wasn't really showing any more cleavage than before.

What was noticeable, was that she was no longer wearing a bra. As she walked into and across the room, her big tits were doing their thing, seductively and sensuously bouncing and swaying under her blouse.

As she walked to our table, I glanced to the bar and saw every guy there was staring at Ann, she was making quite the entrance.

When she got to our table, she looked to the guys at the bar, smiled and said hello to them, then sat. She looked to me and said, more or less, jokingly, "Well, you were wrong! Every one of those guys were staring at my tits while I walking over here."

Pleased, I told her, "Good, now they know what a sexy wife I have. You look great, I really love that look, thank you."

Ann sipped at her wine and we talked. I noticed her blouse had not gapped open as it had earlier and there was barely any cleavage showing. Probably thinking the show over, the guys at the bar left, leaving Ann and alone.

Since we had a little more privacy now, I mentioned to Ann that her blouse wasn't gapping very much. She told me it was probably because she had tucked in it after she'd taken her bra off.

"Well, since we have this end of the bar to ourselves, how about you loosen it back up and give me a little show while we finish our drinks.?

Ann smiled and looked down at her blouse and proceeded to pull it up and out of the waistband of her skirt a bit more. The effect was, that it had immediately fallen open, one side more than the other, giving me a good at her right breast and nipple and most of her left breast. Yes, that was more like it!

I told her, "Thank you, that's much better, you're giving me the perfect view. You can stay like that as long as you like."

I saw a guy crossing the bar, walking our way. He looked like he was coming to the bar to order something. Since he was coming from behind and to Ann's left side, when he passed, he was going to get a perfect look into Ann's open blouse and her exposed right breast. I was hoping he'd look over at her.

Ann was deep in thought about something and hadn't noticed the newcomer. Just before he got to our table, he made eye contact with me and nodded an acknowledgement, as if greeting me, "Good evening."

I nodded back and at the same time, sort of gestured with my eyes to look over at Ann. It worked and as he passed, he looked down at her. He was in a perfect position to see Ann's bare tit and nipple.

He looked back to me and nodded with what I took as a, "Very nice, thanks for the heads up."

He stood at the bar behind me and ordered a drink and then sat and turned bar to the side, giving himself a view Ann. She still hadn't noticed anyone had come by and continued to sip her wine, enjoying the effects of the alcohol and her relaxed and mellow mood.

This was good because when she gets to this point, she seems to forget about any inhibitions. I was hoping this was the case now, because when she finally realized there was another guy at the bar looking her way, hopefully, she'd pass it off and not care.

I got my answer a few moments later when she reached for her wine and looked up. Rather than close her blouse, she held her glass of wine and leaned back into her seat, resuming her position. Nothing changed, she was still showing as much as before. I was loving it.

She said quietly to me, "There's another guy sitting behind you at the bar, I'm sitting here with my blouse kind of open, do you want me to cover myself or is this the type of thing you're always talking about wanting me to do?"

I told her, "Yes, this is exactly what I've always hoped you'd do. No, don't cover up, you look perfect the way you are, besides, I doubt he can really see that much, it's pretty dim lighting in here." That was another total lie, I knew damn well the guy could see just fine.

"Ok" she replied. "Enjoy yourself."

After a while, Ann's glass was empty and I asked if she wanted another. She did and said she needed to use the restroom and that she'd go while I ordered another round.

Before she left, I took a chance and asked, "What would you say if I asked the guy at the bar if he wants to join us. It has to be lonely drinking by himself, I'm sure he'd love the opportunity to sit and chat with us, especially if your blouse happens to fall open again."

Ann laughed and said, "Yeah, I'm sure he would. Yeah, go ahead, if he wants to join us, it's ok with me. We'll just have to see what happens with my blouse."

I didn't know exactly what she meant by that, but I'd ask the guy and if he joined us, we'd find out then.

I ordered Ann's drink and struck up a conversation with the guy. It soon turned to Ann. He asked if she was my wife and commented on how nice she looked and how she was wearing her blouse. Obviously, he was referring to how it had been gapping open.

I thanked him for the compliment and said, "Yes, that blouse has a mind of its own, but I'm not complaining. It does offer a nice view at times."

"So, I noticed," he said.

"If you're not expecting anyone, you're more than welcome to join us, it's never fun drinking alone. Besides, the scenery is better over there."

He accepted my invitation and where waiting at the table when Ann returned. We watched as she walked towards us, tits swaying and bouncing slightly under her blouse. Damn, that is a sexy look!

When Ann sat down, I introduced her to Alan and said I had invited him to join us.

"Oh, ok, nice to meet you, Alan. Welcome."

I had Alan sit to the side of Ann that afforded the best view into her blouse. If it worked its way open again, I wanted to make sure he'd be able to see.

We talked and shared stories for quite a while, during which time Ann's blouse worked it's way back open. She either did know or mind and made no effort to cover herself, allowing Alan to see into her blouse and look at her bare breast.

My view wasn't as good as Alan's, but even from my position, I could see Ann's nipple and knew Alan was able to see her entire breast.

I'm pretty sure Ann knew how much she was showing and left her blouse open to please me. She acted very casual, as if she didn't know we could see the tit. It was a great evening, just exactly what I'd been hoping for.

We finally called it quits and said goodbye to Alan. He thanked us for letting him join us and we parted ways. Just as we were leaving, he leaned over to me and said, "Thanks for making my night, Ann has beautiful breasts, you're a lucky man.

On our drive home, Ann asked, "Well, did you enjoy the evening? Were you two able to see my tits ok? I think I had by blouse open enough, didn't I?"

I assured her she had and thanked her profusely for the best evening ever.

As we drove home, Ann admitted, "I have to admit, that was pretty sexy. I felt so naughty, knowing Alan could see my breast and nipple. It wasn't so bad, we may have to do this again soon.

Now, that, was encouraging! Yes, we will have to plan something soon.


