Title: The White Rose Crisis Ch. 02



Summary: Will freaks out in the aftermath of Sarah's wedding



Keywords: inc,fic



Part 2: Paranoia and pregnancy tests

I felt sick, I thought I was going to puke. Rushing for the bathroom, I ignored Michael's inquiry about Sarah's whereabouts, not wanting to wonder how tired she must have felt after today, not wanting to think about how drunk my cousin could get, or how unused to alcohol my little sister was, or how similar my aunt was in shape to her daughter...this couldn't be happening, it just couldn't! Not today! NOT EVER!!! I pushed open the doors into the lobby and stopped dead, hearing my name being called from behind me.

"Will? Oh, there you are darling...could you give us a hand? Mummy is a little wobbly..." I feared the worst...so many white roses...

With dread building in my stomach, I turned around to face my mother. She was leaning on the railing of the staircase that led to the rooms upstairs, a tissue in one hand and a tear on her cheek. I immediately rushed to her and she took my arm, leaning on me now, and with a sob she wiped her tears away.

"I'm sorry baby, I just can't believe my little Sarah is married. You're all so grown up now," she said, turning to look up at me with a smile on her face. I couldn't do more than nod and hold her up, I was too afraid of blurting out something incriminating.

"Well," she said, tucking her tissue away, "time to get back out there, we need to take some group photos I think!" She hitched her dress straps firmly onto her shoulders, and that was when I saw it. Her rose. It was still in place. I almost collapsed from the sheer release of tension in my body. I barely heard my mother as she told me to get my ass in there and smile for the camera, and followed her without question.

---

As it turns out, I have a much higher drinking limit when I only open my mouth to down a beer rather than talk. Of course, it was a wedding, which meant I was drinking rather than talking a lot. No surprise then when I woke up the next morning with the biggest hangover of my life - seriously, even my own wedding day years later failed to compare to the sheer memory of it!

I wasn't entirely alone in my brain-thumping misery on the way home. While Dad seemed fine and Taylor wasn't really affected either, Mum was much worse for wear, and Jaimi...I don't know how much she had but she wasn't looking at anyone or saying anything at all. She just sat quietly next to me in the back seat, with her arms crossed and her jumper hood pulled over her head. My guess was she regretted trying too keep up with Lucy's drinking. Jaimi loved her sports, and her fitness and running and all that, and her competitive streak tended to get the better of her sometimes.

When we got home she headed straight for her room while Dad and I got the bags out of the car. It should have annoyed me but I was honestly too wrapped up in my own thoughts, and too afraid to even speak to her.

"Could you take Jaimi's things up to her Will?" asked Dad. With my worst fears foremost in my mind I pulled my own case out and trudged up the stairs to dump my things in my room, then knocked on Jaimi's door.

"Uhh, Jaimi? I've got your bag here," I said, trying to sound normal while wanting to be anywhere but near her room. I heard movement and the door opened to a sullen faced Jaimi, wearing nothing but her skin tight running shorts and a singlet - an attire I was used to, but which nonetheless sent my mind into overload - who took the bag and muttered an embarrassed "thanks" and shut the door, all without even looking me in the eye.

Now I wasn't exactly in a talkative mood either, but Jaimi was always polite, respectful and easy going at home, so the fact that she was actively avoiding contact with us and seemed as guilt-ridden as me was far from normal. She hardly spoke over our rushed dinner, and disappeared into her room without even saying goodnight to me or my parents. So naturally as I went to bed that night I was kept awake wondering, with a horribly detailed imagination, just where my little sister had ended up after getting drunk at the wedding.

---

It had now been a week since we got home from the wedding, yet I had hardly slept more than a few hours in total. I couldn't do it, I just tossed and turned all night and what little shut-eye I got ended in a lurching wake full of fear and shame. After dinner I would play games, do some reading for the second half of my university semester or do as much physical activity as possible in my room, and when all that failed I still couldn't sleep. I knew I had to get some rest somehow; the holidays were wrapping up and everything would go back to normal soon. Eventually I ran out of energy and spent most of my time moping about in my room, too tired to do anything but think and cringe.

Jaimi, on the other hand, seemed determined to avoid staying home at all, ducking off without a word of warning in the morning and barely making it home in time for dinner that night. She looked tired in those fleeting moments when we saw her. It was more than a little worrying; her behaviour was one of avoidance and discomfort, something we weren't used to seeing in easygoing, full of smiles Jaimi. My fears had grown in that week, and I really wasn't thinking straight. Most of the time I lay awake thinking if I curled up into a tight enough ball I would either explode or wake up and find this was all a bad dream. My journey, the one that started with that fateful wedding day, was about to crank up a notch.

Having tossed and turned all night yet again I came down for breakfast early the next morning and found Mum getting ready for work. "Hi sweetie, I'm sorry to do this but I wanted to ask if you could take care of the laundry for me today," she asked. "I know you'll probably be busy but our things from the wedding really need washing."

I nodded and went back upstairs, gathering my own clothes in a basket before knocking reluctantly on Jaimi's door. I got no answer, so I went to check the hamper in the bathroom we shared and almost got hit by the door flinging open, revealing a tired, harassed-looking Jaimi. She had obviously just gotten up, still wearing her sleeping shirt and shorts, and no bra - which wouldn't have been so bad had it not been a bit cold, and had my mind not been so preoccupied with the possibility of me having fucked her a week ago. Her breasts were a reasonable size, and unlike when she wore her sports bras, right now they were pressing heavily on her tight t-shirt.

"Umm, washing?" I said, trying not to think sinful things.

"Oh, yeah, it's in there," she replied, marching off and going downstairs without looking at me. I went in and picked up the hamper, seeing it full of her clothes and emptying it into my basket. Even as tired as I was my mind was always thinking when I don't want it to, so naturally I wondered what had gotten her so worked up, and looked around the bathroom, my eyes falling on the bin beside the sink. I don't know what drew me to it, but I leaned over and looked inside, seeing some bunched up tissues...and something else.

With a lurch in my stomach I reached into the bin and pulled out a short, white stick. A pregnancy test? I'd never seen one before but they weren't exactly a mystery to understand. Turning it over I saw two little screens, and that's when my morning went from bad to worse.

In the middle of one screen was a blue line, and on the second screen, faint but there, was a second blue line. Oh my God. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. But then out of the corner of my eye, I spied the top of the laundry pile, and underneath the first things that had been put into it a week ago - the jumper and shirt Jaimi had worn on the way home from the wedding - I saw a pair of lacy, red panties.

No, it couldn't be. Red is a popular colour, right? With a trembling hand I picked them out of the pile and sat down on the toilet, holding my sister's red underwear in one hand and her pregnancy test in the other, my mind beginning to envision a pair of athletic legs underneath a dress as I peeled the panties aside...no! I can't believe it! I won't believe it! But with the worst timing, voices from downstairs all but confirmed my fears.

"Morning, Jaimi, could you please bring out your dress and rose today? I need to get them wrapped and stored soon, it's been several days now."

"All right, Mum, I told you I'd get them!"

"Well, you'd better not have lost or damaged anything, Miss Grumpy, it's not every day your sister gets married!"

I dropped everything. That was it then, the evidence was all there - the test, the underwear, her guilty attitude over the past few days...and it sounded like she had no idea where here rose was...or didn't want to tell Mum she'd lost it somehow.

This was absolute rock bottom. The truth was staring me in the face. I'd fucked my younger sister, AND she was pregnant. If it had been possible at some point for me to confront her before, it sure wasn't now. In a daze, my life spiralling out of control, I wandered back to my room, shut the door and fell face first on the bed. I'm not sure if I was trying to smother myself or if my brain just disconnected, but somehow I drifted into the second most memorable sleep of my life.

---

It was dark. I couldn't see anything, but I knew where I wanted to go. I couldn't feel, or smell, or hear anything, but I knew exactly what I wanted to do. Like a light bulb in a darkened room I saw it, a pair of thin, red panties on the floor. I drew energy from them, but I craved more. beyond the underwear lay a pair of black running shorts. I followed them.

"...Will...here..." came a voice. Then I saw it. At last, what I desired more than anything, what I needed to touch, to hold, to taste - a pair of shapely, smooth legs underneath a blue dress, a bridesmaids dress. Jaimi.

"Come here, Will...I need it again..." she whispered, holding out her hands. I took them, and instantly she was lying back, her dress up around her waist, and I was running my hands through her hair as her nails gripped my shoulders. I wanted her. She wanted me more.

"Oh please, Will...don't make me wait..." I didn't any longer. Jaimi's knees parted and I felt the warm, slippery touch of her wet pussy folds on the head of my cock, she was shivering, waiting for me to enter her. I looked down and salivated at the sight of her pussy, trimmed, soft brown hair covering her mound. Soft hands grabbed me, pulled at me, begged me, and I slipped in, my hands feeling her breasts as the top of her dress came down. They were round, fitting beautifully in my hands, and her nipples were rock hard under my fingertips. 

Jaimi's head went back as I thrust into her, her athletic arms wrapping around me and burying my head against her neck, her breasts pushed against me. My own hands slid down to her perfect ass, fingers gliding over the little hickey I had left there...when was it? It was so familiar to me, almost like an extension of my body. I thrust in again and again, holding her perfect little ass, our hips slapping together and her thighs rubbing against me as I fucked her once more.

"It should always be this way, Will..." she said, nuzzling the top of my head with her cheek, "...you inside me...forever...forever..." her hands gripped me tighter as I thrust harder, my cock sliding in and out of her dripping wet folds over and over. She moaned and shook as her orgasm began to take over, the room beginning to vibrate with our lovemaking. It was exactly that, that was why my cock was in this tight pink pussy. It needed to be. Jaimi dug her nails in and whispered in my ear, her breath quickening as I pounded her faster and faster.

"...forever, forever, forever, forever...Forever! Forever!! Forever!!! foreverforeverforeverforeverforever!!!!!...FOREVER!" With a grunt she dragged her nails back and I felt my cock drive further inside her, going deep and hard. Jaimi let out a growl and with a painful jerk she slammed me on my back.

Now Jaimi was riding me hard, her dress turning into an enormous white bridal gown that sat in a bunch around her waist, her breasts free and her hands on my chest. Her eyes were full of hunger and fury, and she rocked back and forth like a woman possessed. I could feel her pussy rubbing against me as I trembled with pleasure and lust. She knew I was close, her hips moved like magic across my lap, like she could sense the build up I could feel in the base of my cock. I needed to cum. It would make everything perfect, it was what we both wanted, and I had to do it inside her.

"Forever, Will," she said to me, "we will remember this FOREVER." Suddenly it was all too much and she threw her mouth open with a howl as I felt my cum shooting like a torrent up into her, filling her pussy as my cock pulsed hard. Almost instantly I wanted to stop, but now I couldn't. I was cumming, and I wasn't going to stop until she was full. Jaimi threw her head back with a smile on her face, full of satisfaction.

"Mmmmmmm...forever..." she moaned, her back arched, grinding on my spurting cock. my hands slid up her perfect thighs to her waist, trying to pry her off gently, but her hands gripped mine, pinning them to her sides. She sat as far down on my cock as she could and I could tell I would go no deeper than this, each moment more cum spilling all over her insides. Her hands moved mine up her waist and onto the outside of her dress, resting on her belly...which was beginning to feel tight. Very tight.

Jaimi tilted her head down again, relishing the pleasure as she closed her eyes and rode my cock. I could feel her belly growing now, only slightly but on a slender girl like her I knew it was happening. Jaimi was filling up, her belly swelling...full of my incestuous seed.

"Oh God, Will, it's in me...it will always be in me..." I tried to pull my hands away but they were stuck, stuck to her dress material and her inflating stomach. With a rip I saw the seams go and suddenly her belly button burst forward, the bride's dress evaporating completely to reveal a fully naked Jaimi, in all her glory, holding my hands to her enormous belly, her hair streaming back as she laughed and groaned with sexual pleasure.

I could feel others now...a presence around me. Friends and family, people I knew but couldn't see, names nonexistent and faces that filled me with fear...fear of being known. I couldn't be here, my cock in my sister, watching her fill up with my cum. I struggled but we were on a mound in the middle of them all, their invisible eyes seeing, knowing.

"...Jaimi..." they called, and she smiled, holding her belly gently with one hand and taking one of mine in the other, holding it as a proud lover does. My other hand was glued to her belly, it wouldn't move, and still my cock sent jets of cum into my sister's tight little pussy, inflating her belly. She was as big as she could be now, just her stomach, expanding out as though full...

"...Who is the father, Jaimi..." they called, I was right there, naked, buried deep in my little sister, but everyone asked. My cock shuddered and this pregnant girl perched on top of me rocked with the force of my cum. Jaimi's hand rubbed her belly tenderly, lovingly, her other hand holding mine with barely any effort yet preventing me from leaving. She caressed the back of my hand with her thumb, so sweetly it was like we were being married right then and there, yet it was invasive. I felt as though I was wrapped around her in a passionate, very non-brotherly kiss, pure white bedsheets so tightly twisted around us from our lovemaking that our naked bodies would press against each other forever, hands roaming each other's skin as if our raw, pure unbridled sex could not be considered getting close enough.

"...who is it, Jaimi...who is the father...tell us...who's the father Jaimi...tell us Jaimi...WHO IS THE FATHER..."

My cock pulsed, I felt an enormous amount of cum shoot into my sister's pussy...she gasped, reeled, tugging on me, taking more, heat washed over my cock, heat from her, it smothered me, I couldn't breathe, all I could see was her belly, and I knew what was inside it.

"...who is the father, Jaimi?"

She was nine months pregnant, her hand clasped mine, wedding rings appeared, I felt a tiny heartbeat. She looked down at me, her eyes open. She gazed at my naked soul.

"Will."

---

"Will? Will?? Will are you awake? Do you have a minute? Please Will, there's something I need to talk to you about."

My eyes opened, my hand reaching for empty space but still feeling...something. I rolled over and immediately realised it was way too hot to be seven in the morning still...I was sweaty, panting, my chest felt like someone had TNT'd the place and my heart was trying to headbutt it's way out of the wreckage. But I was awake.

"Y-yeah, yeah I'm here," I called out, still adjusting to being able to move. I then looked down and had to stifle the awkward and shame-inducing boner from my lingering exuberant dream.

"Ok, can I talk to you please?" she said. "It's really important..." I told her I'd come right out - poor choice of words - and heard her leaving. I shifted around and found my phone next to me, with a message flashing on the screen. I picked it up and read:

hey Will its Megan, how r u??? :D havent heard much from u guys since the wedding, but wanted to talk to u, i know u seemed a little down & the truth is i was as well...can we meet for coffee? im free tomorrow if u r. Cya! :)

Well, whatever that was about I had a feeling it would be changed by what was going to happen next. I shook my head in a last ditch effort to forget the horrifying sexual encounter with Pregnant Jaimi and got up, checked that my boner was relatively hidden before approaching Jaimi's door with a still rapidly beating heart. It wasn't fully closed, so I pushed it open and stepped inside.

I saw her sitting on her bed in her tank top and shorts. She had a sports bra on, so at least she was keeping everything in place, unlike earlier today. My sister, the girl I was about to father a child with, who I'd slept with at a family wedding. Well...this is it. I closed the door and sat down on the edge of the bed next to her, waiting for something to happen.

"Mum's gone to work...it's just us," she said. I'm guessing she said it to make me feel better; given we were in her room, sitting on her bed together with lingering images of fucking her senseless running through my mind, I ended up feeling a lot worse. We had hardly been alone together for the past week or so, unless you counted the wedding...I guess now I had to. I couldn't touch her, I couldn't look at her. We sat in silence.

When I did finally look up, the first thing I saw was her hand, resting on her thigh, and I trembled at the thought of a wedding ring appearing there, shackling to my sister to announce to the world that we'd had sex like someone's twisted version of marriage. It threatened to ruin all the romance and love I believed in. Jaimi stayed silent, fidgeting and looking at her feet. She looked as torn up as I felt inside, and she wouldn't look me in the eye. Finally, she spoke.

"It's about the wedding, well, after the ceremony, I mean." So this was how it all came together, we had to admit to it.

"I was drinking with Lucy, it didn't seem that bad really. I...I got really drunk, I don't even know what it was but...something happened." At last she looked up at me. Her eyes were full of pain, hurt and confusion. I'd never seen her so ashamed and so distraught. I don't think I'd ever been so ashamed either. And yet I still couldn't get up the courage to say it out loud, but one way or another I had to say something to reassure her. I was going to promise never to touch her, to let the memory fade and never let it re-enter my mind. I would promise to care for her, and the child, as an uncle only if I had to. I would weather the insults, the shame, the family embarrassment, or go along with whatever story she wanted to tell. Even if the damage was done and I'd gotten my little sister pregnant, I'd promise to never, ever hurt her again.

"Jaimi, I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm here for you, and...and I'll be there when we tell Mum, and I'll help you with the baby, and I promise I'll never..."

"Woah," said Jaimi, putting her hands up. "What are you talking about, what baby? Tell Mum what exactly?" Now it was my turn to be confused.

"Uhh, you're pregnant, right?"

"WHAT?!?" Her scream nearly burst my eardrum. Jaimi seemed to tower over me. I felt so unbelievably horrible. First I'd cum in her bareback, now I'd invaded her privacy again! I had never wanted to do either one!

"Y-y-your pregnancy test, that's what the blue line means, right? I found it in the bathroom, I'm sorry Jaimi, I swear I didn't mean to..." but my drunk sex apology would have to wait, because she grabbed a box off her dresser and ran out the door. I heard a door slam so I got up to follow her, fearing the worst, but then I heard a hissing noise coming from the bathroom and realised uncomfortably that all she was doing was peeing on another stick, while I listened like the pervert I must be. I stepped back into her room and tried to calm down, to breathe. It could never have worked.

When the noise stopped and I heard her open the door I came out into the hallway to face my sister. She was staring intently at the small white pregnancy test in her hands, similar but not identical to the first one. I approached her again with the intention of saying something - anything to clear my mind.

"Jaimi, it was an accident, I...God, I don't know, I just..." but she held up an angry finger, her eyes glued to the screen. A minute or two passed in silence, just the two of us standing in the hall, waiting to know if there was an incestuous child in our future.

After another minute, Jaimi's face changed from stern to drained, then exhausted, and her hand lowered slowly to her side. Without a word she walked past me back into her room, and with a deep breath I followed her. She was sitting on her bed, holding what I'm guessing was the box for the original test in one hand and her new test in the other. I sat down beside her, and as I did she turned to me with a confused look on her face.

"Why did you say I was pregnant?" Well, that certainly wasn't what I was expecting.

"Umm, I saw your other test, and it had a..."

"Show me." Feeling confused now, I got up and went to the bathroom, finding the other test hiding underneath the shower curtain near where I had dropped it and bringing it back to her, almost losing a finger as Jaimi snatched the stick from me. I sat down again and Jaimi handed me the new test. I looked down and found another set of screens, but only one had a line in it, this time a pink one.

"Blue tests apparently offer false readings sometimes," she said matter-of-factly, looking from the box to the test. "There's plenty of reasons, it differs for each one, but it showed nothing for me, and apparently with some tests if you leave them for a while sometimes lines develop...I think. All I know is you're supposed to read them fresh and test with a pink one if you're unsure."

My head spun. "So, you're not pregnant?" She shook her head.

"No, no I'm not..." But she was still upset. I guess she had every right to be, plus I just told her I was going through her trash. I still had to talk it through.

"I didn't mean to interfere, Jaimi, I was thinking about the wedding and I saw..." but I stopped, because she had begun to tear up now and I realised now wasn't the time. I put my arm around her and she started sobbing into my chest.

"I'm sorry, Jaimi, I'm so sorry," I mumbled, trying not to cry myself. How do things like this happen?

"Everything is so messed up," she said. "I don't even know why I did it, how could I be so stupid?!" Her skin was warm and I pulled her closer, rubbing her bare arm, feeling her soft hair on my cheek as I held her.

"I wish I could somehow undo what happened," I said.

"So stupid!" she wailed. "A stupid risk for a stupid screw...I was at a wedding! What kind of person fucks around at a wedding!" Now I felt a little awkward. I mean, I wasn't entirely alone in this situation. With a sob and a sniffle she sat up and grabbed a tissue from beside her bed, wiping her face before turning to me.

"I snuck away, when Lucy and I were so drunk we could barely stand. There was this guy...I think he was one of Michael's friends, tall, tan, long hair..." ...wait, what?

"You, you snuck away where, exactly?" I can't begin to describe what this kind of confusion does to a person. I'm pretty sure I'll die a few years earlier than expected from it.

"Down by the lake, past the restaurant next to the wedding reception." She sniffed again and calmed herself. "He was drunk too, I know he didn't take advantage of me or anything, but...jeez, Will, I didn't even ask for a condom! I just..." - she threw her arms up in the air - "...spread my ankles and said 'quick!' It wasn't special or fun or anything, we just fucked!" She dropped her hands and looked at me, blushing a bit at her over-exaggerated storytelling. She hung her head and wiped her tears again.

"I'm sorry, Will. It's just - it's so hard not having Sarah around, a text or phone call away, to talk to about this stuff. Lucy wouldn't understand," she said sadly. "And you're my big brother. I didn't know how to tell you, or even if I could tell you, I didn't want you to be ashamed of me. I was already so ashamed of myself." I felt terrible for her now. Jaimi, the little hard worker, the one who got good grades and deserved them, who always went out of her way for others, was looking to ME for support. My mind cleared, not just because I knew something had changed but because I realised what I thought had happened the wedding day was about more than me...it would have been about her too.

"Yes, Jaimi, I am your big brother," I said to her, "and I'll never be ashamed of you. You act with such confidence and surety, and you always make Sarah and I feel so proud of you, it feels like you've got everything going how you want it to go." I put my arm around her shoulders and she put her arms around my waist, leaning her head on my shoulder. "I guess we sometimes forget how young you are, or that we all make mistakes from time to time. It was risky, I won't lie to you. But you got through it, and you know we will always be here for you."

"I know you will," she said, holding me tightly, the same way she used to do when a thunderstorm was overhead. The memory came out of nowhere but I embraced the closeness it reminded me of.

"Does this have something to do with your dress, then?" I asked, not wanting to probe too much into something that was only relevant because I'd been worried about her white rose. She blushed and looked away again.

"Well...I wanted to get it washed first," she said. "I mean, before Mum saw it. I got some...dirt on it from the bushes." She blushed and I wondered how no one noticed dark soil stains between her hook up and the end of the night. She somehow read my mind, because she looked right into my eyes and a barrier broke inside her.

"Ok it was cum stains, alright? He started to...go...and I told him not to, as in not in me. So he, he pulled out and did the rest...somewhere else." She blushed more and I started to feel embarrassed to be hearing it. I couldn't even begin to imagine how embarrassed she must have been telling me this. Filling in for Sarah was going to be hard work. "I sort of got a little on the rose too...covering the stain I mean." The rose was attached to her dress straps, so it didn't take a genius to work out where her guy had decided to 'go' if her stain was all the way up there. Trying to wash her face and re-do make up would have been hard enough without being blind drunk as well.

"Mum doesn't need to know," I said to her. Her face changed from embarrassment to relief and she hugged me again, a tear running down her cheek. "There's plenty of ways to loose washing. Just get it back soon ok?"

"Thanks, Will." She said, kissing my cheek. Somehow I knew things were far from over, but right now, here, in her room, I loved my little sister more than I loved anyone. I held her close as she sobbed quietly, and we stayed like that for God knows how long. All I know is when I woke up, we were on her bed, the sheets half draped over her legs and she was in my arms. Her breasts were pushed quite obviously against me, and our legs had intertwined so that our private parts were rubbing against each other's thigh. It was hot, it was sweaty, and yes it was awkward, but it was a position of shared exhaustion, warmth and comfort after what had been an emotionally twisted morning. Honestly it couldn't have been further from my dream; she woke up and looked at me, I looked right back, and I loved her and I knew she was my sister, nothing more.

"Ummm, I kind of need to go to the toilet," she said, straight-faced and deadpan. That definitely broke the ice. We sat up at almost the same time - delicately, so as not to intensify any undignified contact - rubbing stiff limbs and scratching at imprints from each other, smiling sheepishly and simply ignoring the embarrassment like two adults.

"Remember when we used to have cubby cuddles?" she said, thinking way back to our younger years. I smiled at the memory; apart from the boobs, the boner and the fact that sex had been our last topic of discussion, it was pretty much like the old days. It seems wrong but I didn't feel as bad about going half-mast now as I did when I thought we'd slept together.

"Kinda miss Sarah telling us stories though," I said, and when she laughed it was music to my ears. I went to her door and she gave me a hug.

"Thanks for being my big brother, Will." She said. "I know I can talk to you about anything." I smiled and she smiled back. We went into the hallway together and split up - me heading downstairs for a drink, her for the bathroom.

"Anytime," I said back. "Someone has to fill in for Sarah."

Jaimi smiled her dazzling smile. "Well it won't be Lucy that's for sure, I don't think she would be very sympathetic to these sorts of plights. It didn't even surprise me when she said she got laid at the wedding too!"

Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............crap.

Next time: the incest investigation intensifies...or continues, if you don't like that many I's

---


To be continued....



pics---->> http://bit.ly/1QdQXsD