Helping Alexandra
byFrancisdonatien©

Helping Alexandra Ch. 04

She gives him her panties and he takes over.

Chapter 4: Mary Jo Joins the Club

Mary Jo tried hard to focus on what her assistant Brad was talking about. She was convinced that he knew that she had nothing on under her skirt, even though logic told her there was no way he could know.

She had met with Fred shortly after lunch for their regular talk about the quarterly medical staff newsletter. They covered the necessary topics in short order, as they usually did, but then she sat there quietly, not moving.

"Anything else?"

She took a deep breath. "I had lunch with Alexandra a while back."

Fred nodded. "About two weeks ago, right."

"She told me about your... secret fun." Fred said nothing, just looking at her. She squirmed and felt nervous sweat on her lips and arms. "I know she said you can't talk about details until I've... made my commitment. But... " Her voice trailed off.

After a moment, Fred said, "You and I have had several conversations about very sensitive matters that required complete confidentiality, and neither of us has ever broken that pact. Whatever you're worried about, you can rely on my silence."

She sat there for what felt like a long time, just staring at him. She wanted to ask him to open his file drawer, but knew he wouldn't. And she remembered that she had walked out of the building with a totally naked Alexandra and waved to him in his car. Finally, she took a deep breath, put her papers on the floor, and stood up. "Can I close the door?"

"I don't see why," Fred said.

She stepped to the doorway, checked the hallways, and came back into the office. With a deep breath, she reached under her skirt, slid her hands up to her waist, and pushed down. It took a little tugging, but after a moment, she pulled the panties to the floor and stepped out of them. Without a word, Fred pulled open his file drawer, and she dropped them in.

"Have a seat," he said as he shut the drawer. "I know that took a lot of nerve. And trust. So, thank you. Did Alex tell you the rest of it? As long as they are in the drawer, we can play games with you. If there's something you don't want to do, you can say no, but if you say no three times, we'll stop. Okay?"

Mary Jo sat in silent amazement at what she had just done. Part of her wanted to grab the panties back out of the drawer and run from the building; another part was very excited at what might happen. At the same time, the analytic part of her brain was churning with questions. "Is that if I say no to a whole project or just to one part of it?"

"I don't know. That's never come up. You're part of the rules committee now. Why don't we make that rule when we need to?"

That made her chuckle on her way back to her office. There were three of them, so far as she knew, and already a committee.

Back at her desk, though, she began worrying that her secret would be discovered. Every time somebody looked at her or called her name, she checked that her skirt was still in place. Ridiculous she knew, since she was behind a solid desk and the skirt reached almost to her knees

After her meeting with Brad, where she thought she must have seemed very distracted, she stayed at her desk working. Around 5:15, as some of the staff began leaving, her phone rang. It was Fred.

"How are you doing?"

"Okay." After a pause, she chuckled. "It feels weird to have nothing on down there. I was sure everybody knew. Stupid, I know."

"Sounds like a normal reaction. Are you at your desk?"

"Yes."

"Slide your skirt up so your legs are bare."

She got a sudden chill at the uncertainty of what might happen, but slid her skirt up anyway.

"Make sure you pull it all the way up, so your butt is on the chair. Now run your fingers along your legs. How do they feel?"

Her breath got shallow as she ran her fingers along the top of her thigh. She kept her eyes on the staff still outside her office, but nobody looked her way.

"It feels nice. A little scratchy maybe. I guess I need to shave."

"What part of your leg are you touching?"

"The thigh, the top part."

"Move to the inside of the thigh. How does it feel?"

"Softer. Smoother," she said after a brief silence.

"Now move your hand to the top of your thigh and the space between. Tell me about that."

Mary Jo giggled quietly before answering. "It's furry."

"And the soft tissue beneath the fur?"

There was silence, then a quiet moan. "What was that?" Fred's voice was quiet and deep, more like a voice inside her head than on the phone.

"The nub," she whispered with a sigh.

"Your clitoris?"

"Mmm hmm." She heard him breathing as she stroked herself, running her fingers over the folds of flesh between her legs. She kept mostly silent, with occasional gasps, as she stroked circular motions over her labia, getting wetter and looser with each stroke.

"Not too loud," the voice in her ear told her. "And careful how you're sitting. You don't want your staff to think there's anything strange going on." She quickly sat up straight and looked through the window of her office. Everybody seemed to be looking at their desks and paying no attention to her. She shifted her position to look more natural, but kept her fingers on her pussy.

"Everything all right?" Fred's voice echoed in her ear.

"A few have already left, and a couple others seem to be getting ready."

"So you have time to slide a finger inside?"

She gasped. She kept her eyes focused on the office and slowly slid her middle finger down, then up inside herself, till she had two knuckles inside the warm, wet confines. "How long has it been?" she thought as she slid the finger slowly in and out.

"Are you there?" Fred's voice rumbled in her ear, soothing even as it was commanding.

She suddenly straightened up and looked out her window. The last staff members were all getting up to leave, and Bradley seemed to be heading her way. She pulled her finger out.

"What's going on?" the voice in her ear asked.

"Everybody's leaving, and Bradley's coming over to say good night, as he often does."

"Just stay calm, pretend you're talking to somebody about work. Maybe take some notes, and just wave to him."

She reached for a pencil just as Bradley got to her door, then realized she didn't have any paper nearby. She smiled at him and waved, indicating she was on the phone. She was sure he could see that her two fingers were wet and that he knew what she was doing. He just waved to her and headed out. When she heard the door close, she exhaled loudly.

"All gone?" Fred asked.

"Yes," she said with great relief.

"Then get back to where you were."

She slid two fingers back inside her cunt and began stroking. With nobody in the office, she rolled the chair back from her desk and leaned back, letting her legs spread wider. She moaned gently as sensations rolled through her body, building in intensity. She heard Fred's voice quietly say, "I'm going to leave you on your own. Have fun." Then the phone disconnected, and she let hers fall from her shoulder.

She touched her clit with her other hand and began rubbing in sync with her thrusting. As the waves of passion intensified, her body curled and tightened in the chair, and the stroking got faster until everything seemed to explode within her. With each spasm that rocked her body, she let out a small yell.

As the orgasm subsided, she lay back in her chair, pushed away from her desk. At some level of consciousness, she knew that she was totally exposed and that, if anybody walked in, she would be embarrassed, humiliated, and probably fired. At the moment, though, she did not care. It had been too long since she had done anything like this, and she was relishing the sensations of every nerve in her body.

She gradually became aware of the moisture along her legs, particularly as it cooled in the air. She also heard the unhooked phone beeping from the floor. She realized she should dry herself off and not leave any stains on the chair. She also did not want to stain her skirt, though it was black, so who would notice?

In his office, Fred had hung up the phone when Alexandra came in.

"Am I interrupting anything?"

"Just a brief conversation with Mary Jo." Alexandra looked at him quizzically. "She has joined our club."

Alexandra smiled. "And you were initiating her?"

"That's as good a way to put it as any. Like I told you early on, I make it up as I go along." He noticed that she was wearing a light summer dress, more suited to a weekend than work. "You've changed clothes since I saw you this morning."

"This is my traveling outfit. Jack's picking me up shortly. We fly out tonight and board the ship tomorrow. Back in ten days after cruising the Mediterranean."

"Have fun. I'll expect full details when I return."

"I'll expect the same from you." She turned. "I've got to go."

"Do you have anything on under that?"

"I thought you'd never ask." She pulled the skirt up along her thigh, showing a stretch of bare leg all the way up to her waist. No sign of anything more than skin. Then she moved the opening toward the front till he got a full, unobstructed view of her totally bare pussy. They both smiled as she let the skirt fall back in place.

"Can I get a rear view before you leave?"

"You are a naughty boy." She turned and bent over, then lifted her skirt to give him a view of her butt and pussy lips.

"I don't know if I've ever told you before. You have a cute butt. I expect to see it fully tanned by the time you get back."

"My goal is no tan lines," she said as she stood up and fixed her skirt before turning and heading out. He watched her skirt flip back and forth all the way down the hall. Then he got back to work.

The next day, Friday, he called Mary Jo and said they should have lunch on Monday. Mid-morning on Monday, he called and said, before lunch, she should go into the bathroom and take off her bra, then meet him in the lobby at 12:30.

When they stepped out of the building, he told her to unbutton the jacket and undo the top three buttons of her blouse. Her eyes grew wide at his instructions, but she followed through without quibble.

They walked a few blocks to a nearby tavern and got a corner table. He had her take off her jacket and sit with her back to the restaurant, while he took the indoor seat. After they had placed their orders, he quietly told her to undo two more buttons. She bit her lip and looked from side to side, then did so. "Pull it open a little," Fred said and smiled at the shape of her breasts.

They talked generally about things they had heard about from other departments, the weather and vacation plans, and even some talk about how baseball games interfered with traffic. When the waiter had cleared their plates and left the bill, he leaned forward and said, "Pull one side of your shirt open, so I can see your whole breast." Her face grew red, but after a quick look to either side, she moved one hand to the open blouse and pulled it aside about an inch.

"Further, so I can see your nipple," he said quietly. Her face grew redder, and she looked as though she might start to cry, but she pulled the blouse further to the side until the brown nipple was in full view. He smiled. "Very pretty. Thank you. Now cover up. The waiter's coming back."

When they got ready to leave, Fred said she should do up all but the three top buttons.

They walked in silence for a block, then Fred said, "I know you'll close up your shirt and jacket when we get back to the office. Keep the bra off, and when it gets quiet in the afternoon, take your jacket off and unbutton the top three buttons. Leave it that way till everybody leaves, and when you head to your car, don't button the jacket and open two more buttons from the shirt."

She nodded, and they walked a couple more blocks in silence. Just before they crossed the street to the office, she asked, "Will you check up on me that I do all of these things?"

"No. I trust you, and I'll ask you about them the next day, and I know you won't lie to me."

She buttoned up her shirt and closed her jacket, then they headed across the street and up the stairs to their office building.

On Tuesday, he asked about a dress he remembered that buttoned all the way up the front and told her to wear it on Wednesday with pantihose, but no panties. They would have lunch again, and she would take off her bra before leaving the office.

This time, they ate at another restaurant further from the office. After they had ordered, he asked if her pantihose had a gusset in the crotch, blocking any view of her pussy. When she said yes, he gave her a small pair of scissors and sent her to the bathroom to cut it out. "Bring it to me when you come back. And unbutton your dress from the second button below the belt on down. Plus four from the neck down."

When she returned, the dress opened with each step, showing off most of her thighs, and the valley between her breasts made it clear that she had nothing on there either. After lunch, they went into a bookstore. After they had made their way into one of the rear corners, he told her to unbutton her top all the way down to the belt.

"Now pull it open, so I can see both of your breasts." She bit her lip as she did so, and he smiled. They were round and full, topped with brown nipples, and sagged a bit with age, but they were lovely to look at. "Beautiful," he said. "Just beautiful."

She blushed, and she did up the bottom three buttons. They were starting out of the store when she stepped behind him. "That's Doctor Skinner and a couple others. I can't let them see me."

"Of course you can," Fred said and stepped to her side. "Let's go say hi."

They walked over to the rows where the doctors were looking at biographies. "Dr. Skinner," Mary Jo, trying to sound as casual as she could.

It took a second for him to recognize her and say hi, then he did somewhat of a double-take at the sight of her cleavage.

"Mary Jo, hi, I'm Dr. Alberts." The elegant woman extended her hand in greeting, and Mary Jo shook it, giving her breasts a shake in the process. "We're trying to help Dr. Skinner find a book for his nephew. He's interested in biography. Any suggestions?"

Fred introduced himself and asked a few questions about the nephew's interests. When he found out the boy had applied to West Point,he suggested some military biographies. "My older brother is a big military buff, and here are some of the recent ones I remember him talking about."

After a few more minutes, Fred and Mary Jo headed out, leaving the doctors on their own. "Dr. Skinner and that other guy, Dr. Michaels, never took their eyes off my breasts."

"Dr. Alberts seemed quite appreciative as well, though maybe not as blatantly," Fred added.

When they were at the corner to their office, he said, "Between three and four this afternoon, when things get quiet and you're at your desk, unbutton the lower part of the dress all the way to the belt, so you're completely open. Pull it up, so your bare butt is on the chair. Then stroke yourself gently till you have a little orgasm. Nothing major, just enough to brighten your spirits."

"And then?"

"Nothing. Just enjoy yourself."

They went back to work.

For Friday, he told her he wanted her to wear a wrap-around skirt that was shorter than what she usually wore, along with a somewhat tighter blouse than normal. When he saw her that morning, she seemed like a different person and was attracting a number of double-takes from others. The skirt was only an inch or so shorter than her usual outfits, but even that difference was noticeable. Her blouse and shirt were also a brighter color than she normally wore.

In the middle of the afternoon, he called and told her to pull the tails of her blouse out of the skirt and to unbutton the bottom two or three buttons. He saw her a bit later and found that this had exposed a bit of skin above her skirt, just enough to show it off without being extravagant. "Nice work," he whispered to her as he passed by. She giggled and blushed slightly.

A little after five, as her staff was leaving, her phone rang. She knew it would be Fred. "When your staff is gone, unbutton your blouse entirely, then come up here. Take the steps."

She watched the staff leaving, both impatient for them to go and nervous about what she would have to do. Bradley came in to wish her a good weekend and talk about what he had coming up next week. She nodded. He could have told her he was going to rob a bank, and she would have just nodded.

Finally, he left, and she undid all the buttons on her blouse. She did a quick turn to see what the breeze felt like on skin that had not been bare in the office before this. She fingered the edge of her bra cup, feeling the skin underneath, and wondered whether she should take it off. But he hadn't told her to yet, so she would wait for instructions. She was pretty certain how she would end up, just not sure how she would get there.

She opened the main door of her office suite and listened carefully. Once she was sure there was nobody around, she moved quickly toward the exit to the stairs. She was partway up when she heard some voices. She froze, but then figured out they were below her and going down. She continued up the remaining two flights to his floor, then cautiously opened the door and listened. When she was sure she was alone, she stepped and crossed over to the door leading to the communications department. As she walked down the hallway, both her fear and her excitement increased as she approached his office.

Then there he was, sitting at his desk, apparently absorbed in work. "Hi," she said quietly as she stood in the door.

"Hi. Come in," he said warmly. She stepped in and stood rather awkwardly as he looked at her. "That's a nice bra," he said after a few moments.

She ran her fingers over the edge of the bra cup and saw that her nipple was getting hard. "I bought it last night on my way home. It's not my usual style. In fact, I bought all of this last night, except the shoes." She ran her hands along her stomach to the waist of her skirt. "The bra and panties are a matched set." Her face went red, and she turned her head with a kind of awkward smile.

"May I see? Can you undo the skirt?"

She fumbled with the one button for a few seconds till she got it loose, then had even more difficulty with the one inside the skirt. But she finally got it undone, and the skirt fell open, revealing the matching lime-green panties. Her hips were thicker than Alexandra's, to no surprise, and she had a slight roll of belly flat resting on the waist of the panties. Her thighs were a bit thick, but in proportion to her hips, and they looked well muscled and firm. Her skin showed a few signs of age, but not enough to get in the way of her overall sexiness.

"Very nice," Fred said. "Can I see the other side?"

As she turned around, she said, "They're cut kind of short." The back only covered about half of her butt cheeks. "Very nice," he repeated. "Have a seat. You can toss your skirt onto the other chair in the corner."

At first, she looked as though she did not want to let the skirt go, but she tossed it and sat down. The skirt landed on the chair, then slipped to the floor.

"Don't cross your legs," Fred said, as she started to do so, "I never asked you about Wednesday afternoon. How did it go?"

It took her a moment to realize what he was asking, then she giggled nervously. "Right. Around a quarter to four, I figured things were winding down, so I unbuttoned the skirt all the way to the belt. I had already left it open from the knees down. I spread the two panels wide open and pulled them up so my butt was on the chair. At first, I just enjoyed the feeling of the air on my... my pussy." She seemed a bit embarrassed at using the term..

"After a while, I put my hand down in my lap and started stroking circles around my labia, my pussy lips. I used my left hand because I was writing some notes with my right. It was a light touch, and every now and then a little wave of pleasure would make itself felt. Sometimes, I'd have to stop writing as more than one wave would move through me. And my eyes went out of focus a few times. But I did keep writing.

"After a while, though, I wanted more. So I put my notes aside and took out a report that I need to review. That way, I could switch hands, and I started stroking myself much faster with my right hand. I paid attention to not moving my upper arm, so nobody would get a hint of what I was doing. I even at one point slipped a finger inside, just a knuckle or two, and suddenly those waves built up into an orgasm. My butt and stomach were clenching, and I was making tiny sounds, little moans and gasps, that I knew I had to control, but they were just taking me over.

"When the feelings calmed down, I looked into the office, but nobody seemed to have noticed anything. My pussy was all wet; so were my fingers and probably my dress too. When I'd recovered enough, I went back to reading the report. I had to start at the beginning, since I couldn't remember anything about it."

While she was talking, Fred had felt his cock getting stiff and had shifted his legs to relieve the strain and increase the pleasure. He also noticed that Mary Jo had her fingers on her panties, gently stroking her pussy through the material. She looked up at him when she finished the story and quickly pulled her hand away.

"That's terrific," Fred said, his voice sounding a little strained.

"I hadn't done that in a long time, except for your phone call on Monday. I did the same thing yesterday afternoon. And the past two nights after Bob had fallen asleep." It was Fred's turn to be surprised, and she smiled at his reaction. "I think you may have awakened something that's been dormant and unattended for a while."

"So, are you ready for the next step?"

She rubbed her hands on her thighs and nodded, biting her lip at the same time.

"Can you take off your bra without taking off your shirt?"

She giggled. "I thought of that when I was buying this last night. The straps unhook from the cups in front." She unhooked first one, then the other strap, letting the cups sag under the weight of her breasts. Then she reached back and unhooked the bra and pulled it down.

Her breasts spread out as they were released from the bra. They swayed as she tossed it over toward her skirt. When Fred told her to do so, she stood up and raised her hands to her head, slightly lifting the breasts. "You look beautiful. Turn to the side. Now bend down." Her breasts swayed forward as she leaned down.

"Beautiful," he said. "Now stand up. And kick your shoes off." When they had landed in the corner with the skirt, he said, "Now I'm going to give you a choice. You've got two pieces of clothing on, a blouse and panties. I want you to take one of them off, then go back down to your office and wait for me."

Her breathing got very shallow and she felt herself go pale, even dizzy. She touched the edges of her blouse, then slid down to the waistband of her panties, running her fingers along the lace at the top. Her mind was in a whirl. She had known all along that she would end up naked in front of Fred and maybe even others. Now, though, she was going to be a partner in the process.

After what seemed like a long time, she took a deep breath, looked right at Fred, and slid her panties down to her knees. She let them fall to the floor and, with a sudden exhalation, stepped out of them. Except for a wide open blouse, she was naked in her co-worker's office. Her face went a deep red.

Fred's eyes roamed over her whole body. Her pussy lips were thick and protruded from the dusting of pubic hair on her mound.

"Do you trim your pubic hair?"

"I did a couple nights ago, since I figured you'd be seeing me naked. And it seems to suit my new choice of underwear."

"You're very pretty in all ways."

"Thank you." She let out a tiny giggle, yet still blushed.

"Okay. I've got a little more work to do here, so I want you to go down to your office and wait for me. I'll give you a call when I'm ready, so you can meet me at the door to your office suite."

She stood up without a word and headed out. He watched her leave, admiring the jiggle in her butt cheeks as she walked. He turned back to his desk, even though he did not have much work to do. He really wanted to extend the tension and suspense, both for her and for himself.

Mary Jo went back down the stairs to her office the same way she had come up, carefully listening at the door before she went through. Once inside her office suite, with the door electronically locked behind her, she breathed a sigh of relief. For a few moments, at least, she was safe.

She wandered among the desks of her staff, mentally saying their names as she imagined them looking at her. When she got to Bradley's desk off to the side, she felt a twitch in her pussy. She had always felt protective of him since he started working for her, and she had a brief image of her holding him in comfort, not in desire.

She was startled to realize that she had started stroking herself and that her pussy lips were getting loose and wet. This was too weird, she thought, masturbating next to Bradley's desk. What was she going to think -- or feel -- the next time she had to talk to him about something? She walked away, but kept playing with those thick folds of soft flesh that she had so long ignored. She wound up near the door to her office as though she were facing her whole staff and saying, "Look at me." She even spread her pussy lips, inviting a closer look. "This is crazy," she said out loud, then turned around, bent over, and spread her ass cheeks. "Take à deep look," she shouted and started laughing.

She almost fell over when the phone rang. She stood up so fast that she got dizzy for a second and had to steady herself before she ran into the office to answer it.

"I'm coming down," Fred said. "Get your purse and anything else you need to take with you, and meet me in the hall outside your office suite."

She quickly gathered up her things and stood in the hallway outside her office. She did not worry much about being caught, because she had her badge and could get back in very quickly. She waited patiently, though she did get worried when she heard the door to the stairs open and close. Pretty soon, though, Fred came around the corner and she relaxed.

He held out a tote bag and told her to put her things into it. "Now your shirt and your badge," he said. As she took off her shirt and put it in, her stomach tightened in fear. Without the badge, she would not be able to get back into the office if she wanted to hide. She was completely exposed.

"I'll go get my car. It will probably take twelve to fifteen minutes for me to get it and come back to the front. You should be ready to come out around then. I'll drive around the block a few times, but after a while, if you don't come out, I'll assume you've made other plans, and I'll head home. See you soon, okay?"

Without waiting for an answer, he turned and headed back to the lobby. When she heard the door to the stairs close after him, the tightening of fear turned into a wave of panic. She started shaking and hugged herself to try to control it. Her knees were quivering, so she sat on the floor. She felt tears starting to roll down her cheeks,

Then she heard the elevator open and two male voices talking. She jumped up, but did not know what to do. The offices were along a U-shaped hallway from the hallway, meaning the men could go either way.

Their voices seemed to reverberate through the hall, and Mary Jo could not figure out which way they were going. She moved toward the bottom of the U, still shaking and on the verge of tears.

At the midpoint of the hall were a conference room and a kitchen/lunchroom. As the voices got closer, she ran into the kitchen, where she hid in the space between the refrigerator and the wall. She was grateful for the full-size refrigerator and desperately hoped they would not come this way. She bit her lip to keep quiet.

She finally recognized the voices as two lawyers from the Office of General Counsel. Great, she thought, she was going to get caught by two pompous asses.

Their offices were across from the kitchen, but they decided to stay in the hallway, talking about things she should not be hearing. Sweat was dripping from her armpits, and the heat from the refrigerator motor was burning her butt. Her pussy was twitching. She dared not move or even scratch her nose, which started to itch.

"Hang on, I left my lunch in the refrigerator." Mary Jo tried to press herself further into the corner and twisted her ankle in the process. Her nerves were screaming for release, but she held firm as the door opened and Mike, the younger lawyer, reached inside. How could he not see her, she wondered in her frenzy and almost giggled at the notion of popping out and saying, "What? Are you blind?"

But he closed the door and headed out, turning off the light as he went. Some of the tension went out of her body, but she did not dare relax till she heard the elevator doors close and silence return to the halls. When she was sure it was clear, she tried to step out from behind the refrigerator and found she was slightly wedged in. She had turned slightly sideways and could not grab anything to help pull herself out. Nor could she get any purchase on the wall to push against. She finally twisted her body against the refrigerator, which rocked a bit, just enough that she could lunge out of the space and tumble onto the floor.

She cried and giggled as she lay on the floor, torn between humiliation and fear on the one hand and absurd joy on the other. She stood up unsteadily and limped her way out into the hallway. She suddenly realized that she had no idea how much time had elapsed and whether or not Fred had given up on her. She broke into a run, heedless to the possibility of being caught, and ran down the four flights of stairs to the ground floor.

She paused only when she got into the main lobby. She stood near the guard's desk and looked out the door. She could not see Fred's car yet, so she stepped behind the desk, first intending to use it for cover. This was where Alexandra had hidden on her first night, when she overheard Mary Jo and Tom kissing and arguing.

Mary Jo, on the other hand, decided that she was not going to cower. She stood behind the desk, as though she were the security guard on duty. "Welcome, Dr. Skinner," she said to herself. "Dr. Alberts, nice to see you. Yes, ma'am, may I help you? Bradley, how are you this morning?" As she fantasized about meeting all her co-workers in the nude, she began stroking her swollen, wet pussy lips. Soon she lost focus as her stroking picked up in speed. She moved her other hand down to rub her clit, while she slid a finger inside herself. Soon, all the fears and tensions and arousal from the whole evening burst into a resounding orgasm that echoed against the lobby walls. Her body twitched with each wave, her legs got weak, and she lay her head on the guard's desk.

She felt as though she was ready to dissolve into a puddle on the floor when she heard the front door open. She saw Fred coming toward her with a worried look. "Are you okay? It looked like you were fainting." She looked up at him, unconcerned about the juice dripping out of her cunt or her weakened state. She smiled at him. "I just had the most wonderful orgasm of my life, and it's all thanks to you." She grabbed his arm and pulled herself up so she could put her arms around him and give him a wet, passionate kiss.

After a couple seconds, he put his arm around her back and started guiding her, half-carrying her toward the door. "Come on. Let's get you out of here. The car's running."

With one arm around her back and the other supporting her arm, he guided her out to the car, almost dragging her. He got her around to the passenger side and fumbled at the door, trying to keep her naked body shielded from the view of any passing drivers. A couple blew their horns, but that was probably more because he was in the way than at her.

She flopped into the seat, and he struggled to buckle her seat belt without pinching her or, for that matter, touching her too much. Once he had her buckled in, he lowered the seat and draped his jacket over her. He drove off and, as soon as he could, turned off the main road to wind his way to quiet non-residential street where he could park for a while without drawing attention to himself or her.

She had started humming as they drove. Every now and then,she would sing some of the words of "Tiptoe Through the Tulips," then lapse back into humming. After a few minutes, she fell asleep. At a traffic light, he reached over and took her glasses off. She rolled her head slightly. In the red light, she looked so peaceful and adorable, younger than she usually seemed at work, where she often had a reputation for sternness and lack of imagination. Oh, if they could see her now.

He parked in an empty parking lot close to a Catholic day school. It was isolated, yet not so conspicuous for a single parked car. He turned the engine off and listened to her quiet breathing and briefly dozed off himself.

"Hi." Her quiet voice and a hand on his arm woke him up. "Where are we?"

"A little out of town and out of the way, so we could sit till you woke up and recovered."

"How long have I been out?"

"I don't know. I guess we left work about half an hour ago, maybe twenty minutes."

"I guess I went a little crazy."

"I guess."

"And you didn't take advantage of me."

Fred laughed. "You could probably interpret that a number of ways. I got you naked."

She moved her hand down his arm and took his hand. "You offered me the opportunity. I'm the one who took it." She lifted his hand and kissed his finger.

"We should get you home." He pulled her hand to his mouth and kissed her finger, then let go.

"We should." She picked up his jacket, which had fallen into her lap, and tossed it into the back seat.

"I'll get your clothes," Fred said. "They're in the trunk."

"You can get them, but I'm not going to put them on. My challenge was to walk into my house naked, and I'm going to do that."

Fred turned to her. "I didn't state a specific challenge, and you don't need to do that."

"Need has nothing to do with it," she said. "That's what I had in mind to do, and that's what I'll do. If you want to get the clothes out of the trunk, that's fine with me. But they'll just sit in the back seat."

He looked at her with a sense of wonder at the unexpected calm he saw in her face. He took in her whole body, the sag of her breasts, the rolls of her stomach, the smoothness of her hips and legs. When she realized he was looking her over, she opened her legs to give him a fuller view of her pussy. The she took his hand and placed it on her breast, cupping her softness. "You can if you want to," she said quietly.

He took his hand off her breast and stroked her face. "Not now," he said, "maybe some day, but not now." He shifted back into his seat and started the car. "I would love to fuck you right now, trust me, but I don't want to ruin things. And rushing could do that."

They drove in silence, though he could sometimes hear her humming and occasionally gently laughing. When they got to her house, he popped the trunk. "Thank you for a wonderful evening," he said. "I hope all goes well."

"The neighbors are all watching television, I'm sure. Even if Murray next door were mowing, he would be so focused that I could dance naked on the lawn, and he would barely notice. Inside, Bob will be downstairs watching television, and Lisa in her room on the computer with headphones, so nobody will notice me come in."

She leaned over and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips. "And thank you." She got out of the car, picked up her things from the trunk, and walked across the lawn to her house. He watched her butt jiggle as she went and thought of her softness as he carried her out to his car and of the softness of her breast when she held his hand against her. The scents of sex and sweat still permeated his car. One hell of a night, he thought.

He watched her step into her house and close the door. Then he drove home.


