Washing the Windows with Forgetful Lilly

Lilly’s POV

Today is the perfect day for cleaning. Alex and Claire always dread spring cleaning. I, however, loving it. They try and come up with lame excuses to get out of it. Eventually they break and help me. It’s really not that bad. Once I get into a rhythm it’s hard for me to stop. What can I say? I just love cleaning!

Ok let’s see right now I’m standing in my room naked getting ready to get dressed…I wonder if Jake and Kate will get together at the end of the show. Wait…what was I doing again…Oh well I’ll remember eventually. I walk over to my door, but stop when I see a post-it note on the door. YOU SLEED IN THE NUDE REMEMBER. I look down and see that I am in fact still naked. Oops. I walk back to my bed and see the clothes I had laid out the night before. A large plain white t-shirt and plain white short shorts. Perfect for cleaning.

Its 8:00am so I better see if Alex and Claire are awake. I knock on Alex’s door and hear the words “come in”. I open the door and see Alex with her back to me…bare-ass naked. I stare for a few seconds before quickly closing the door. A bright red blush forms on my face. Well it looks like she’s…getting ready I’ll just check with Claire. I knock on Claire’s door and hear the words “come in”. When I open the door I see a naked Claire with a towel over her head. She must have just gotten out of the shower. I close the door before she notices me. Maybe I’ll just start cleaning without them.

I grab the ladder from the shed so I can wash the windows. I love washing windows. I position it and climb to the top. Dipping the sponge I start washing off the dirtiness. About a good half-hour later I’m on my last window. Wow, it is such a beautiful day out here. I can’t quite put my finger on it, but it just feels so…refreshing. I put away the ladder and go back in the house to wash the inside of the windows. Claire was vacuuming while Alex was throwing away some Lost old magazines. For some reason Alex was wearing her bikini. I’ll have to ask about that later. She asks me if I could hand her the Pledge. I look around and find it on the top shelf of the book case. I had to really stretch myself in order to reach, but I finally got it down. Right it’s time to clean.

I step on the bay windowsill to start washing the giant window. After a few minutes I finish the window. All of a sudden I hear a shriek. I turn around and see Alex…naked. How the heck did that happen? She runs up stairs while trying to cover herself. Poor Alex.

I start to feel a little cold because the front of my t-shirt is completely soaked. I take it off and hang it up in the laundry room. I think that’s enough clean for today. I tell Claire I’m going upstairs to take a shower. I walk passed Alex who for some reason is still naked. When I ask her why she says all of her clothes are in the laundry. All of them? Well I do keep on tell Alex and Claire to not let their dirty clothes pile up. Now she has literally has nothing to wear. I try to open my door and discover it’s locked. Funny I don’t remember locking my door. I go back downstairs and grab the spare key. That was really strange.

Alex’s POV

I wake up with an odd feeling. I’m naked, but that’s not odd part because I always sleep in the nude. What’s odd is that I’m not under bed sheets. My bed has been completely stripped of everything even the pillow cases. I run to my closet to find it empty. The same thing with my drawers and the towels in my bathroom. This is obviously Claire’s doing. It’s retaliation for last week when I took all of her clothes. She, however, stepped it up by taking everything I could have possibly used to cover myself. Why did I have to be such a heavy sleeper? 

I hear a knock on my door. I’m going to guess it’s Lilly. She wants to clean the house today. I tell her politely not to come in. Now what I’m going to do…wait a second. I lift up my mattress…aha the bikini I put under here for an emergency is still here! I tie it on and hand down stairs.

I enter the living room as Claire exits the kitchen. The disappointment on her face made this all worth it. As I throw away some old Lost magazines and get ready to start dusting Claire brings in the vacuum cleaner and Lilly comes in from outside. She’s wearing a large white t-shirt that barely goes passed her butt. I wonder…I ask her if she can get me the Pledge on the top shelf. As she reaches up the shirt rises and…yup she naked alright.

As I’m dusting I keep my distance from Claire. Who knows what she might try…what the…I’m naked again! How did she…why that little she used the vacuum to suck it right off of me! I can’t help but give a small shriek of surprise. I throw my arms over me and make a run for my room…it’s locked! Why the heck is it locked...Claire. Maybe I can borrow something from Lilly’s…nope that’s locked too. Well Claire’s given me no choice but to go back downstairs naked and ask her to give me some clothes. She good, but I’ll get her back soon enough.

Claire’s POV

I love it when a plan comes together. I laugh as I step out of the shower. I still can’t believe that Alex slept as I stripped her bed. She’s in for a surprise when she finally wakes up. I’m drying my hair when I hear a knock on the door. It’s probably Lilly checking on me. Since I’m naked I tell her not to come in. After a few minutes of drying I get dress. I’m about to head out the door when I see a ladder go up in front of my window. Then I see Lilly climb up. She stops when her bottom half is equal with my window. Since she’s here I might as well take care of this. I open my window, reach out, hook my thumbs into each side, and gentle pull down her shorts. When I get them to her ankles I lift up each of her feet and slide off the shorts. Like usual Lilly’s too busy to notice anything happening to her.

I make sure I lock my door so Alex can’t get in and for good measure I also lock Lilly’s door. I go downstairs start cleaning the kitchen and after about fifteen minutes or so I hear footsteps. I walk to the living room and see Alex…wearing a bikini. Awww I was really looking forward to seeing Alex try to sneak around naked. I’ll have to think of something else.

Then a thought pops into my head. I sneak upstairs and lock Alex’s door. When I get back to the living room I see Alex asking Lilly to get the Pledge. Doing so lifts up the shirt…I love that butt of hers. Ok focus Claire. I pick up the head of THE TORNATO INDUSTRIAL STRONG VACUUM CLEANER and set it on high. I held it closer to Alex and the flimsy little bikini ripped right off. She was completely naked and in front of Lilly too, so that’s another two points for me. She pointlessly runs upstairs. She’ll be back soon enough. When I turn around I see Lilly taking off her shirt oblivious to the fact that she is now naked.

Not to long after Lilly leaves Alex comes back to the living room. She looks so cute with the blush and embarrassed smile on her face. She asks me for her clothes. I pretend to think hard about my answer. After a few more minutes I decide give them back. I just love spring cleaning.


Well that’s it for this story. Sorry it took so long. Once again I apologize for my grammar and the fact that I use several works multiple times. If some people could send replies saying it didn’t totally suck then I would know it wasn’t all for nothing.

Check in for my next installment of Forgetful Lilly in: Watching the Sunrise with Forgetful Lilly.

