The Love Server - Part 3 - Him 

He changed directions with his hand when he saw her face. Her eyes went wide and she looked slightly confused and ... something else. He wondered if she'd ever come before tonight. He removed her hand from the wet spot under them, putting his own in its place. He patted the spot, then slowly and firmly drove two of his fingers up into her cunt. She threw her head back at once, moaning and wriggling on his hand. Within seconds, she was screaming and squirting again. His hand was soaked. He grabbed her by the hair, making her look at him. He licked his fingers, one by one, before palming more liquid from between her thighs and bringing it to his mouth. He didn't know whether she understood, but she was definitely more relaxed. 

Still gripping her hair, he pulled her forward. She immediately stuffed as much of him into her mouth as she could. She repeatedly raised her head to spit on the swollen head, making the length of him wet enough for her mouth to slide up and down smoothly. When the tip of his cock hit the back of her throat, he moaned and jerked upward, pushing the entire head into her throat. She gagged and pulled back, but went right back to trying, uselessly, to swallow all of him. He enjoyed watching her efforts, even pumping his hips and feeling that slight twist in his belly again whenever she would look up to meet his eyes. What she couldn't fit in her mouth, she stroked with a hand. She took breathers, sucking at his balls and grazing his sides and stomach with her nails. Seeing that she was tiring, he sat up and turned her underneath him again. He laid atop her, kissing her mouth, her neck, her breasts, sucking on the hard points while she moaned and twisted her fingers through his hair. He reached between them and slid two fingers into her, and when she began to fuck his hand, he slid in a third. When his hand moved easily inside her again, he removed it, positioning himself at her hole. She tensed, but threw her legs wide, inviting him in. He entered a little more easily this time, she gasped instead of screaming. Encouraged, he watched her face as he moved forward. She seemed to stretch around him, opening, welcoming. Little more than three quarters of his length was pulsing inside her tightness when he met resistance. He began a slow rhythm then, increasing tempo when she wrapped her legs around his back. She held him tightly and was tossing her head from side to side. She moaned deep in her throat and began to fuck him back, striving for the moment, he knew, that she didn't even know how to reach, except by instinct. When her screams came, his body took over; his mind was lost to all but the need to bury himself in her. He felt the rest of his cock buried in her heat and his teeth found her tender skin. He growled while he bit her and when he came, he shouted, his head thrown back, his eyes closed, his body rigid. 

When he came around, her room was lit from outside - the sun was higher in the morning sky than he liked. He would have to hurry to meet the team riding out for the hunt. It wasn't exactly against any law to spend the night in a Love Server's room, but it was frowned upon. Plus, now he was late. He took his time, anyway, looking at her body. It had given him the most pleasurable experience he'd had since he'd come to manhood and began visiting the village's Love Servers. He didn't really understand what made it different, and he would have a lot of time on the trip to try to make sense of it. As his eyes lingered on her beautiful face, he noticed the now purplish bruises he'd left on her neck with his teeth. It gave him some satisfaction to know that she would not be used in his absence. He shook himself, wondering where the hell that thought had come from, and began to dress.  She stirred as he buckled his belt and woke fully as he tied his shoes. She stared at him with wide eyes for a moment. "What's your name?" He asked. "Cypress." She whispered before sprinting behind a curtain, where he heard water splashing. He left her room, mounted his horse and took off at a full gallop. 
