The group hug must have lasted five minutes.  I was feeling so excited that time stood still for me.  I was thinking Lynn was feeling the same way.  I think her parents felt our happiness as they did nothing to break the hug.  
Finally, John said, "This is a cause for celebration.  I have a bottle of brandy that my dad gave me that he rescued from a French Villa during the first world war."
"Daddy, are you sure you want to open it now?"
"I can't think of a better reason that to celebrate your happiness and to welcome a new member to our family."

With that, we broke the hug and went to the shower to clean up.  After we dried off, John went to the wine cellar to retrieve the bottle.  The rest of us went into the kitchen and Debi got some sniffers for the brandy.
"My father was an officer with the American Volunteers.  He was over there before the US had declared war.  He served with a French infantry unit and was breveted a Major by the time the war was over.  During one of the battles, he was holed up in a burned out villa.  His troops had found the wine cellar, and they stayed there two days during a German artillery barrage.  Although the house was destroyed, the contents of the cellar stayed safe.  He managed to get several bottles of this brandy and put into safekeeping until the hostilities were over.  He managed to smuggle it into the US when he returned, and this is the last bottle left.  We drank the others over the years to celebrate other milestones, such as our marriage and Lynn's birth.  I feel that Dad would approve of our using his last bottle to celebrate your engagement."
With that, he poured a shot in each of our glasses.  We toasted and drank.  
"Good stuff.  A lot better than anything I can afford," I said, sipping the fine liquor slowly.
"Yes it is," John replied.  "It is probably the best that even I have ever had."
We emptied our glasses and put them into the sink.  John re-corked the bottle and placed it into the liquor cabinet.  

Debi grabbed me and led me to the master bedroom.  "No need to stop this party."
Lynn and her father followed us.   Debi led me over to the bed and sat me down on the edge.  She knelt in front of me and took my penis into her mouth.  I was hard in no time at all with her wonderful lips and tongue working my cock.  She would take me deeply, and then withdraw and lick the head, sticking her tongue in my pee slit.  I couldn't take much of this, and I came in very short order.  She kept sucking and licking my cock until I was completely drained.  Now I knew where Lynn got her skills!
Debi took her lips from my cock and stood up.  She walked around me and lay on the bed.  She spread her legs, drawing her knees to her chest, exposing her pussy.  I looked down and saw that there was very little difference between Lynn and her mother.  There was the same fine brownish hair, the same puffy lips, and the same engorged clit.  I knew how much Lynn liked having her pussy ate, so I figured her mother would like the same.  I knelt down, kissing her inner thighs.  I slowly worked up to the juncture of her legs, enjoying the aroma of her arousal.  It was a somewhat familiar smell, but a little more on the musky side.  I began to lap at the copious lubrication pouring out of her vagina.  Debi grabbed my head, forcing it hard into her pussy.  My tongue sought out her clit, which was protruding from its hood.  I sucked it into my mouth, and I felt her body stiffen.  She spasmed, and a copious amount of juice was shot into my mouth and over my face.  Like mother, like daughter, I thought.
By this time, I had regained my erection.  Debi was still laying on the edge of the bed in the afterglow of her orgasm.  I rubbed my dick into her slit.  She opened her eyes and pulled me to her, causing my dick to sink into her pussy.  She clasped her legs around my back and began to thrust her pussy against me.  
I felt the bed move and I saw that John had got on one side of Debi and Lynn on the other side of her.  John knelt by Debi's head and slipped his cock into her mouth.  Lynn and I watched as her mother worked on John's cock, sucking it in and out of her mouth.  
After a few moments, Debi released him, and Lynn took over sucking her father.  She put her arm between us to take hold of his cock.  I raised up to give her more room, and she began to suck him even deeper into her mouth.  I could tell John was nearing another orgasm.  
Lynn surprised me by taking his cock out of her mouth and kissing me.  After breaking the kiss, she further surprised me by taking John's cock and pushing it toward my mouth.  
I had never sucked another man's cock before.  Lynn looked at me expectantly, and I opened my mouth.  I figured it was the same as Lynn sucking another woman's pussy.  (I had never seen her do it, but I knew she made love to my mother at the hotel in Savannah.)  I took John's cock into my mouth, sucking it in and swirling my tongue around the glans.  I felt his cock expand, and as he groaned, a gush of sperm filled my mouth.  I have kissed Lynn many times after I came in her mouth, so I somewhat knew what it tasted like.  As he had come before that this evening, he did not have more than a trickle.  John pulled back and laid down on the bed.
As I was still fucking Debi, I kissed her, sharing John's sperm with her.  She stiffened and I could feel her vagina contract from her orgasm.  That pushed me over the edge, and I squirted deep into her pussy.  I rolled off of her and lay between her and John.
"What about me? You guys had a group cum and I am still horny!"
I got up and went over to Lynn.  She was still laying on the bed on the other side of her mother.  I grabbed her ankles, spread her legs, and dived face first into her pussy.  She squealed when she felt my tongue slide between her lips and into her vagina.  She was very wet and as I sucked her, she poured out more and more.  Debi rolled over and started to suck on her breast, and her father climbed over and sucked the other nipple into his mouth.  As her whole pussy was exposed to me, I licked her from her mound to her asshole.  I could feel her tensing up, telling me her orgasm was imminent.  
I slipped two fingers up into her vagina, finding her spot.  I pursed my lips around her clit, and she exploded.  Her first squirt hit my chin.  I moved my mouth over her vagina to catch the next one.  It went into my mouth, nose, eyes, and anywhere else it could go.  I drank down her nectar, licking her thighs and pussy.  This was one of the strongest orgasms that I have ever seen Lynn have.

As we were to leave in the morning, we just turned out the lights and snuggled together in the afterglow of our orgasms.  We drifted off to sleep, still tangled together.  
We woke the next morning, still in the afterglow of the great sex we had earlier.  We showered up, had a great breakfast, got packed and dressed.  
I called mom to tell her the news.  I introduced her to Lynn's parents over the phone, suggesting that they meet somewhere on their own.  I knew that we would not be able to get leave for quite a while, and the only place that all of us could be together would be in Savannah.  I thought that the three of them would get along famously without our help.  If Lynn and mom got along so famously, I did not foresee any problems.
There was some sadness in the air as we knew the vacation was over and we had to get back to the post and report to duty Monday.
It was a nice day and the traffic was light.  We were planning to make the other side of Atlanta by nightfall.  We stopped in Nashville for a light lunch and gas.  

We talked about the previous week, our future, and our childhoods.  Since the previous night, I was curious about how Lynn had got involved in family love.
"I am from a family of nudists.  Both sets of grandparents were nudists, and my parents were raised in that lifestyle.  When I was small, they were the old line ASA types, naked, yes, but no touching.  It was supposed to be aesthetic, not sexy.  During the sixties, we met another group that was more open about their sexuality.  There was no swinging, but they less reserved.  My parents liked this new style, and our house became more open.  We spent our times indoor naked.  I would sometimes see my parents kiss and cuddle, and they taught me it was something not to be ashamed about.  I saw them making love a couple of times, and they told me that that was natural also.
By the mid sixties, my father had established his engineering firm.  We purchased a house in the country where we could have privacy outdoors also.  We held parties for our nudist friends, and it became natural and comfortable to be nude.
"In 1966, my father had an accident at a construction site.  He hurt his back, almost breaking it.  I was devastated.  I thought he was going to die.  He was in traction for several months.  He looked so helpless, just laying in bed, all hooked up to the harness that kept his bones straight.
"I had always had a crush on my dad.  He was my hero.  If he had died, I would have been crushed.  
"Mom and I took turns taking care of him.  He could not bathe or use the toilet by himself.  It was a job, but I loved my daddy and I wanted him to be as comfortable as possible.
"I came home one day early and saw mom was in giving him his bath.  I stood by the door and watched.  She did not realize I was there.  As she was washing his crotch, his penis stiffened.  She gripped it and started to stroke it.  After a few seconds, she bent down and sucked him off.  she kept it up until he came in her mouth.  I saw the blissful look on his face and wanted to do the same for him.
"I got my chance a couple of days later.  Mom was out and dad had an accident.  I had to clean him up and give him, a bath.  As I was washing him, he got an erection.  I took it in my hand and gently stroked him.  He looked at me and asked me what I was doing.  I told him I was taking care of him just like mom would.  He told me that I should not be doing that.  I told him that I loved him and wanted to make him happy.  I bent down and took his penis into my mouth.  Even though he was still protesting, he thrusting into my mouth.  Although his movements were very limited, I knew he was responding to my sucking him.  He erupted and I managed to swallow most of it.  
"He told me that we should never do this again, but I knew different.  He was in no position to enforce that, still being in traction.  
I sucked him off every time I tended him.  After the third or fourth time, he quit protesting and started to tell me he enjoyed it.  
I think mom knew what was going on, but she didn't say anything.  It was after several weeks of pleasuring him that mom walked in on us.  She didn't say anything, but knelt down on the other side of the bed and watched me.  I was scared, but when I seen her smile, I knew it was OK.  I think dad was a little put off then, but when mom smiled at him, he came.
"Mom talked to me later.  She told me that she had a crush on her father, but that he passed on before she could show him how much she loved him.  She knew how I felt and encouraged me to continue to make love to my father.  I told her that I wanted him to be my first lover when he was healed up. 
"I would talk to mom about sex and love, and we explored lesbian sex.    We explored each others bodies and what turned us on.  We would sometimes put on a show for dad.  Afterwords, we would take turns sucking him off.  I do believe that that sped up his recovery. 
When the casts came off, we celebrated with him making love to me for the first time.  He was gentle, but I wanted him to really fuck me.  I had waited for it for so long.  There was a little twinge of pain, but after he popped my cherry, it felt so good.  I must have orgasmed four times before he came.
"We continued being nudists and outwardly acting like the ASA types, but they would have been shocked if they knew what was happening in out family.  You are the first to share our secret."

When she finished, I felt I should tell her my story.  I told her about the accident, her depression, her fears, everything.  I told her about my keeping her company in bed at night so she could get some sleep.  I explained how the snuggling led to more, and how it became full blown sex, and after she got back on our feet, that we continued to be lovers.  And I, like her, had never told anyone about us until now.  

We got back to Hunter Field, thinking about getting back to work after this wonderful vacation.
