Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Knight and the Acolyte Book 10, Prologue: The Mother of All
Summary: The Goddess Slata offers King Edward a chance to ensure Angela's death.
Keywords: MFF MF fantasy magic 1st oral

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

King Edward IV  Shesax, The Kingdom of Secare

My choked out word echoed through the empty hall of my throne room. Save for my wife, Queen Lavinia, and my chamberlain, John, none of my subjects, courtiers, or guards remained. Only the radiant angel, descended from above and standing before me, was left. Her beatific smile broadened at my answer.

Then I shall summon my mother's essence, the angel said, her voice ringing like crystal. Her white wings flapped and her glowing halo brightened, spilling pure, white light down her body. She reached up and untied the knots holding her tunic closed. It fell off her lush body.

My cock throbbed at the perfection of her beauty, bountiful breasts topped with pink nipples, fat and begging to be sucked. Curving hips and long, sleek legs. She was naked save for the golden chastity belt about her waist, a lock right below her navel.

Your wife shall be the vessel, the angel purred, and your royal seed the medium of Her summons. My chastity has been well-guarded from my Holy Father's lecherous ways, kept pure for when I was needed.

Needed? I groaned, my dick so hard. The angel was a virgin. You want me to...?

Flood my body with your seed, great king, she smiled, advancing, those lush tits bouncing, her hips swaying. The golden chastity belt reflected the light from the chandeliers, enchanted by my court mage to shed bright light without flame or smoke. Lube the way for my Holy Mother to come and inhabit your wife. Her august presence would be too much for your mortal raiments to witness unscathed.

The goddess would possess me? Lavinia gasped, her breasts rising and falling in her low-cut, green gown. Her blonde curls fell about her face.

You are a mother, lovely queen, the angel purred, kneeling before my wife's smaller throne beside mine. You have birthed your lord and husband a child. What better vessel for Her to occupy? Do not worry, you will suffer no harm. Only ecstasy. The angel's hands grabbed the hem of my wife's dress, sliding them up her legs. Other than the slippers she wore on her feet, she was naked benesth, legs shaved smooth, lovely.

I groaned, standing up and giving my wife a look. You shall do this. Else Angela will come and kill us both. And our son. Once she has her ancestor's sword, she will reforge his kingdom.

Lavinia quivered, her nipples hard against her bodice. She nodded her head. Yes, she purred as the angel's lips kissed at her inner thigh. Fuck her. Take the angel's maidenhead. Summon her mother!

Yes, I groaned, my hands unlacing the ties holding on my codpiece. My dick so hard.

I stepped off my throne, discarding the codpiece and attacked the knots of my hose as I moved around the angel. Her gorgeous ass, covered by the slim band of metal over her crack and pussy, wiggled. I frowned.

And how am I supposed to take your maidenhead when it is so well guarded? I asked, my dick coming out, aching. 

Her wings flapped, thrusting from her supple back. My apologies, great King. She held out her hand. Light flared and a key appeared. My Holy Mother holds all our keys. Enjoy my virtue.

Oh, he shall, little angel, Lavinia purred, one hand unlacing her bodice the other grabbing the angel's golden hair. Now lick my pussy. Pleasure me.

As I pleasure my Holy Mother, the angel moaned.

I took the key from the angel's hand as she buried her face into my wife's pussy. Lavinia moaned, her head arching. Her fingers finished unlacing her bodice, and her large breasts spilled out, heavy with her mother's milk. She squeezed the right, a stream of white milk squirted from her fat, dark-red nipple. She let out a wanton moan, grinding on the angel's mouth.

My dick ached. I fell to my knees behind the angel, the tip of my cock brushing the cold gold of her chastity belt hiding her hot pussy. I reached around her with the delicate key, searching for the keyhole. My fingers slid along the metal, my dick throbbing, smearing precum on the chastity belt.

The key found the hole. Slid in. I twisted. The lock clicked.

The chastity belt vanished in a flash of light and golden motes.

I groaned, my dick pressing on hot pussy. Virgin pussy. I shivered, feeling the angel's hymen, a thin membrane with several holes. She had lived for thousands of years pure, never touched by a cock. Only a few men had ever known this pleasure, the angels' virtues guarded well by Slata.

Thank you, Holy Mother, I moaned in prayer to the Mother of All and thrust into the angel's pussy.

The demigoddess's hymen popped. I groaned as I sank into hot, tight flesh. I pressed deep into the angel's snatch. She moaned into my wife's pussy, her virgin depths clinging to me. More and more of my cock vanished into her, the friction burning through me.

Pater's cock, I grunted.

Is she tight? my wife moaned, humping against the angel's mouth. Her blue eyes rolled, her red-painted lips pursing. Oh, say the angel-slut is tight. Oh, please. She licks my pussy so well. My wife squeezed her right tit again, another squirt of her milk raining across the angel's back and wings.

So tight, I panted, drawing back my cock. The angel moaned her appreciation, her pussy clenching down on my dick. And she loves it. She's been aching for a cock to fuck her for so long.

So long, the angel moaned as I slammed into her, pressing her face into my wife's pussy. Oh, great king, yes! Fuck me!

My dick buried into her depths again. I held there, savoring this once pure pussy. I had soiled it. I gripped her hips and drew back, her flesh sucking at my dick. Eager for my cum. I thrust in again, hard, my crotch smacked into her ass, cheeks rippling, and my balls thwacked into her clit. She gasped, wings flapping, pussy clenching on my dick.

It was fantastic. I groaned, grunted, fucking her hard. I pounded the virgin angel. I reamed my dick into her depths as she feasted on my wife's pussy. Lavinia gasped, eyes fluttering as she moaned and humped against the angel's licking tongue and kissing lips.

Oh, gods, the angel knows how to eat cunt, my queen moaned. Gods, Edward, the tongue on the little slut. Oh, if my bedmaids could lick this well. Yes, yes, yes, flick my clit. Oh, Slata's cunt, I

Don't use my Holy Mother's name to curse, the angel gasped, lifting her face, her pussy clenching on my dick.

Sorry, moaned Lavinia. Don't stop. Keep licking me. Saphique's virgin snatch, yes. Devour me.

The angel did, her wings flapping. Her hips moved, bucking back into my thrusts. I shivered, the pleasure racing up my dick. Her juices dripped down to my thwacking balls. They smacked into her clit over and over, her pussy squeezing down each time, increasing the friction.

And the friction was intense. Powerful. My balls boiled.

Gods, I'm going to flood her cunt fast, I panted. Lavinia!

Yes, yes, yes, flood the little slut, my wife moaned. Cream her virgin depths. Soil her with a king's seed! Oh, gods! Pater's cock, yes!

My wife bucked, her tits bouncing. Pleasure rippled across her face as she came. Her voice echoed through the throne room. She kept a death grip on the angel's golden hair. She held the angel tight against her pussy, humping, grinding.

My strokes grew harder, faster. My dick ached. It was so hot watching my wife cum on the angel's mouth. My hands gripped her hips as I thrust into angelic depths. It was so stupendous. The pleasure built and built, wrapped about my cock. My balls boiled.

Cum in her, howled my wife. Flood her! Yes, yes, yes! Do it, my husband!

Pater's cock, I grunted, burying into angelic cunt.

And exploded.

My balls boiled. The pressure surged out of them and down my cock. I groaned, back arching as the jizz spurted over and over into the depths of the angel's once-virgin pussy. The first load of cum to ever touch her depths.

The pleasure slammed into my brain. Dizzy bliss shot through me as I seeded her fertile cunt. I gasped, my balls unloading blast after blast. Each one shooting down my cock and sending rapture through my body.

Yes! I howled.

Holy Mother! sang the angel.

The halo over her head flared with stark, white light. It blinded me and bathed me in motherly warmth. My wife let out a moan of ecstasy. She gasped and sang out. Her moans grew throatier, more mature, motherly.

Yes, my wife moaned, but it wasn't quite her voice. There was a power in it. Oh, yes, great king, what energy is in your seed.

The angel's pussy clenched down hard on my dick.

And then vanished.

The light ended. I blinked, kneeling before my wife. She was naked now. And there was something about her, something commanding, powerful. Her legs spread wide, her pussy dripping with juices. Before, she was shaved, but now a thick, golden bush adorned her pussy, possessing the silky curls found on a statue of Slata. Her breasts leaked milk. Thick, white rivulets ran down her lush mounds.

But her eyes. They were so different. No longer my wife's brilliant blue but a sharp violet.

Great Goddess Slata, I gasped.

Mmm, yes, she purred, hands sliding up to cup bountiful breasts. Your wife has such a lovely body. She hefted a breast, bringing it to her mouth, suckling on the flowing milk. The goddess shuddered, bare toes curling, cheeks hollowing as she drank. The nipple popped out. Oh, and her breast milk is divine. You choose your queen well.

I had little say in it, I admitted. My father choose a Zeutchian princess...

Because the Princedoms of Zeutch are so fractured they have little political power, Slata said, waving a hand. We are not here to discuss that. But Angela ev'Xarin.

I shivered.

Today, she claimed the final piece of the high king's sword, Slata continued. She closed her thighs, crossing them, sitting regal before me. A true queen.

Soon she'll be at the Altar of Souls, I said, my mouth dry. And the sword shall be reforged.

Never, Slata hissed. My husband's bastard shall not have that satisfaction even in death. I broke apart his kingdom. I doomed it. I made sure all his sons died before him. And I should have killed his daughter, too, and his two wives.

I trembled. What can be done? Even your own priestesses have allowed her to live.

Humans are ever capricious and disappointing. Not the best children I have birthed. She leaned back. But the most fecund. The most widespread. The most adaptable. Her smile grew. And they can be adapted, molded, used for purposes.

I frowned. My Goddess?

There is one who can still stop High King Peter's final plan, Slata purred. When his wife broke up his sword and scattered it across the world, I spared his daughter Lily's life. I cursed her instead. But it was a trick. His wife was biding her time, waiting for one of Lily's descendants to be born who had the skills to reforge the weapon. She manipulated even you.

Me? I frowned in confusion.

You know her as Lady Delilah. That redheaded snake. The bitch behind much of Peter's success. Both his wives were dangerous, but Delilah was the true threat. I was a fool not to see it.

Lady Delilah? But she suggested... My stomach sank. Gods, she suggested that Angela fight the dragon Dominari. And that put Angela on the path of collecting her ancestor's sword.

Prophecies are treacherous and ever self-fulfilling, Slata said. The daughters of Cnawen and Rithi should all have been strangled. They cause too much problems. If you had ignored the Sekar Oracle, your reign would be secure. And now I have to fix your mistake.

I trembled. Her violet eyes flared for a moment. A presence pressed on mind. Power, energy. The ground rumbled. The air warped about her. And, for a moment, I saw another form superimposed over my wife. The very essence of motherhood distilled in a single shape of bountiful flesh. Pain flared in my mind.

It was too much for me to handle. The geometries of her body extended beyond sight, beyond reason. Screaming in pain, I pressed my face to the cool surface of the marble floor, trembling. I could feel her presence through my skull, like my brain had eyes that could see through bone and flesh to her perfection.

I did not know, great Goddess, I groaned, my brain squeezed by invisible force. My ears throbbing.

Then the presence left. The pain died. The goddess had withdrawn her true form. It was too much for the world. It did not hold the angles to contain something so wonderful, so perfect. I swallowed, raising my eyes.

No, you did not, Slata purred, parting her thighs, exposing her blonde bush dripping with juices. It was so hard to remember that I stared at my wife's body. She acted so different. And so I give you one chance to fix your mistake. To be my champion and kill Angela personally.

Champion? I asked.

To carry my favor, strengthening your limbs. The goddess smiled, running a hand down her body to her bush. She shoved two fingers into her pussy. Plunder your wife's cunt, and you shall be wreathed in my favor.

My dick hardened in an instant. And I would have the strength to overcome Angela and her companions?

Yes, she moaned, fingers pumping. What say you, King Edward, Fourth of your Name?

My hearth thudded. Sweat beaded my brows. My cock throbbed. I stared at those two digits plunging into her divine flesh. She moaned, back arching. 

Yes!

Before I realized it, I was on my feet and lunging at her. She ripped her fingers out of her pussy and seized me, pulling me into her embrace. I sank into my wife's goddess-possessed cunt. I groaned, heavenly rapture engulfing my dick.

My hands seized her breasts, squeezing. Milk squirted, drenching my body. I was naked. I didn't even remember my clothes vanishing. The hot, creamy milk coated my muscles as my hips pumped through ecstasy.

Yes, she moaned, engulfing me with her arms and legs, holding me to her. Our lips met in a kiss.

Power flowed through me. My mind tumbled between ecstasy and rapture. I fucked her, sliding my dick over and over through divine cunt. The friction detonated my orgasm. My cock erupted over and over, cum pouring out of me.

While her energy poured into me.

My hips fucked her as I kissed those lips. Her milk anointed my chest as her bountiful breasts rubbed against me. Our bodies heaved together. More and more of my cum flowed into her. She drank it in, absorbing my seed, and using it to connect us.

To give me her favor.

My vision burst with stars. Thoughts vanished from my mind. I hung in rapture, suspended by ecstasy. Bliss engulfed me. Transformed me. I could feel it swelling out from my cock and balls, strengthening limbs, hardening bones, enchanting me.

Gifting me with her power.

The power to save my kingdom and kill Angela.

The goddess broke the kiss as darkness crashed down into me, her pussy spasming hard with her orgasm, milking more of my cum from my balls. She howled out to the heavens: Your bastard's descendant shall never prosper, my Lord and Husband!

And then I knew nothing.

To be continued...