  Chapter Eight

    Gracie shifted restlessly on her bed.   There were no sounds coming from her guest room. Which she was thankful for.  Crawling off her bed and walking out on her balcony, she stared out at the night sky.   She knew that Rand was probably waiting for her.  And if he didnt find her soon, he would have someone come and check on her.  But she just wasnt tired.  She was wound tighter than a seven day clock.   The mezclar was in full force and there wasnt a damn thing she could do about it.  
    * * * * *
    Rand paced back and forth in the main area of the cabin that he and his dad had arrived at several hours ago.  The mezclar was burning bright and hot tonight.   The tightness in his chest and loins had everything to do with the primal urge to claim his mate.  

    King Mica watched as his son paced the length of the cabin and back again.  Rubbing the back of his neck with one hand, he debated on what course of action to take to distract his son.

    Son, have you tried merging with her?  Mica asked.

    Yeah.  Shes not asleep yet. 

    Well, then lets call that best friend of yours and check on her.  

    I dont want to wake him if hes already asleep.  Rand said softly.  Ill do a dream merge and see if hes still awake.  He muttered.
    * * * * *
    Jonathan had just drifted into a deep slumber, when he felt another presence in his dream.   Lifting his head off the pillow, he looked around groggily.

    If thats you, Gracie, go away.  I got her right where I want her.   So leave us be.  He groused.  

    Nice way to treat your best friend.  Rand said softly from the corner.

    Hey, Rand.  Why arent you pestering your woman?  He asked.

    Cause the little wench isnt asleep yet.  Rand said softly not to wake Patience.

    Well, you need to take her in hand.  She set me up tonight.

    What do you mean?

    She entered my dreams and brought Patience along with her.

    You love Patience, so whats the big deal?  Rand asked confused.

    She left me at Patiences mercy.   And tied to my own bed to boot.  Jonathan told him.  Rand couldnt help himself.  He started to laugh.    Im glad that you find this funny.  Jonathan growled.

    Yep.  Sure do.  Rand said before he disappeared from his friends dream.
    * * * * *
    Rand quietly entered Gracies dreams.   She was sitting on her balcony, staring at the nights stars.

    Took you long time to fall asleep. He told her as he sat down next to her on the ledge. Turning towards him, she smiled.

    Who said anything about being asleep, Rand.  She asked him before turning back to the nights sky.
                                   
    What are you trying to say?  That you arent sleeping?

    No, Rand. You are.  Grace said softly as she stood up and headed back into her suite.

    So, this is my dream then?  He growled before tackling her from behind.

    Rand!  She gasped as they landed on the floor together.  You know this isnt a good thing, right? She asked as she rolled over under him.

    Why?  He growled as he started to lower his head to hers.

    Because of the mezclar. She told him.  Already she could feel him hardening against her. 

    And what if I told you I can control it?  He asked as he leaned down and nibbled on her ear.

    Id call you a liar.  Now get off me. She told him as she pushed at him.  Rolling to his side, he let her go reluctantly. 

    Jonathan told me, that I should take you in hand.  Rand said as he watched her crawl into her bed.   Sitting down next to her, he leaning over and ran his hand over her breast.  

    Really? She asked dryly.   Cant imagine why he would tell you that.   Gracie said as she drew the covers up as far as his caressing hand.  Groaning softly, she pressed her head back against the pillows.

    I suppose that tying him to his bed for Patience, counts as nothing?  Rand asked as he ran his hand over her other breast.

    Oh, I see.  Mr Control Freak didnt like the tables being turned on him.  She gasped softly as she squirmed under his knowing touch. Rand chuckled.

    Mr Control Freak?  Well, Ill admit that does fit him.  Rand said humorously.  Lying down on his side next to her, he captured her mouth under his.  When he finally released her mouth, she was panting.

    We cant do this. She whispered.

    Yes, we can.  He growled.   It wont be any worse if I please you this way.  He said huskily.  Give me this to live on until we wed.  He whispered, gazing into her desire filled eyes.

    Only if I can do the same for you. She said with a moan.

    I cant, Gracie.  He said as he rolled onto his back.

    Then you cant have me. She said hotly.   Its equal opportunity, Rand or nothing at all.  She rolled over on her side, facing away from him.   Rolling over to spoon with her, he draped an arm across her waist.

    Tired, Gracie?  He asked as he laid his head down on her pillow.

    A bit. She sighed.  

    Then go to sleep, mi reina.   Ill watch over you.  He said huskily as her eyes drifted shut.
    * * * * *
    City of Greenwich

    The man walked up to the bar.  After giving the bartender his order, he waited for his prey to arrive.   He wasnt disappointed when the man arrived a few minutes later.   As he walked up to the bar, he smiled charmingly.   

    Alexander?  The man asked.

    How do you know my name?  The tall and lanky man asked in surprise.

    I know many things about you, Alexander.   I know that you were friends with the Princes intended.    That she helped you convince your lovers parents that he was straight.   That she helped you hide the fact that you and Thomas were gay.  The man said knowingly.

    What on earth are you talking about?  Alexander asked startled.

    I need you to do me a small favor.  The man said. And unless you want me to expose what I know to Thomass parents, you will do it.  Alexander hung his head in defeat.

    What do you want me to do?  He finally whispered.

    I want you to stop the wedding of Prince Randall and his intended, Grace OConnor.

Why? He asked in confusion.

Because,  Princess Deanna said that if she couldnt have him, no one could.  The man said icily. 

This is over jealousy?

I love her, and Ill give her anything she wants.  Including Prince Rand.   So if I have to dishonor Grace OConnor in the process, so be it.  The man said evilly.  
    * * * * *
    Rand sighed with irritation as his father flicked through the channels again.  It was only early afternoon, and already the isolation of the cabin was starting to wear on his father and him.

    Dad, lets get out of here.  He finally said.

    If I take you back to the castle, Rand.  You know what is going to happen. His father said softly.  You and Gracie are going to combust.

    Then at least let's get out of here and go for a hike. Rand said as he paced towards the kitchen area of the cabin. 

    Alright, son.  Let's go see if we can work some of this nervous energy out of your system.  King Mica replied as he shut off the vid screen.
    * * * * *
    Gracie was sitting in the queens study, when one of the servants came in.  Still pursuing the book on her lap, she bid him to come in.

    What can I do for you?  She asked without taking her attention from the book.

    You have a guest, your highness.   Arthur said quietly.

    How many times to I have to ask you to call me Gracie? she asked as she looked up at him.

    Very well, the man sighed. Miss Gracie, you have a visitor.  

    Who is it, Arthur? She asked him, pleased that he was starting to unbend a bit. He had immigrated from Earth with his family many years ago but he still held the stiffness of his English father, who had been a butler on his home planet.

 He informed me that he knew you from your days in college.  He said his name was Alexander, Miss, but refused to give me his last name.  It seems rather unusual if you were to ask me,"

    Well, bring him here, Arthur.   And have Emma bring us some refreshments.  Gracie requested as she turned her book over in her lap. 

    In a few moments, Arthur escorted Alexander into the queens study.   Gracie smiled with surprise.  

    Alex! She said as she stood, her book dropping unheeded to the floor.

    Gracie, I heard about your betrothal to the Prince.  So I took a chance and decided to come and see you.  He said softly.

    And how have you been?  Gracie asked with a smile.  Its been ages since I last saw you.  Motioning for him to sit, she waited until he was seated before continuing. How is Thomas?  She asked referring to his partner.

    Good, Gracie.  Alexander said after the maid brought in the refreshments.

    Thats great.  Im surprised he didnt come with you.  Gracie murmured after she took a sip of her steaming coffee.

    No.  Left him at work.   But I wanted to come by and congratulate you on your upcoming nuptials.   Isnt this what you have always wanted?  Alexander said softly.  Gracie looked up, surprised.  Lowering her cup, she took a deep breath. 

    It doesnt matter what I want, Alexander.   I have been told that I am going to marry Rand.   And an OConnor always lives up to their word.   Even if its the word of misguided father.  She said after placing her cup back on the tray next to her.
    * * * * *
    Alexander sighed as he entered his house.    After spending time in Gracies presence again, he didnt know if he could do what the man had asked him to do.  Gracie was a friend, first and foremost.  She had helped him when his emerging sexuality had become a concern for him.   She had stood next to him, when he had fallen in love with Thomas.   Hell, she had even gone with him to his parents house and helped him come out about it.   She had done everything in her power to help him.   And he had taken advantage of it.

    Now, this man wanted him to snatch Gracie out from under his own Princes nose. Just to avenge some scorned pride.   But he didnt know if he could handle the fallout from Thomass parents.   And as sure as the two moons rose, Thomass parents would disown him.   He had to do it.   He couldnt let Thomas lose the position that he loved in his family firm.   

    Entering the kitchen, he picked up the phone and dialed the number on the card the man had given him.  As he waited for him to answer, a lone tear rolled down his cheek.
    * * * * *
    Gracie laid on her bed, mindlessly watching the vid screen across the room.   She could not get into any of the various offerings.    The burn of the mezclar, had her on edge.   She had one more day until her wedding.  Then the waiting would be over.  She knew that once it started it would be out of both her and Rands control.  In her most secret part of her heart, she was rejoicing at the idea of becoming his.  But her common sense told her that attraction wasnt going to be enough.  She wanted him to love her as much as she did him.

    When she heard the clatter of the pebble against her french doors, she stood and walked over to them.  She was shocked to see Alexander, standing on the lawn below.   She had assumed that it would be Rand.

    Alexander, what are you doing here? She asked as she walked out on to the balcony.

    I wanted to tell you something. He said restlessly as he shifted from foot to foot.

    What? She asked as she stopped against the railing.

    Im so sorry.  He said sadly.

    About what?  Gracie asked, not understanding.

    This, Ms OConnor.  A rough voice said from behind her.   Gasping, she turned around and saw a shadowed figure of man, just before everything faded to black.
    * * * * *
    Alexander was still shaken when he let himself back into his home.   Everything had gone according to the mans plan.  But he now felt lower than a snake because of his part in it.

    Thomas came from the living room.  Taking one look at his lover, he saw immediately that something wasnt right.  Walking to his side, he placed a hand on Alexanders shoulder.

    Feel like talking about it? He asked.  Alexander took a deep breath, then released it.  First he shook his head no.  But when Thomas caught his gaze, his will crumbled.

    I did something I shouldnt have. He said as tears filled his eyes.

    What? Thomas asked, immediately concerned.  Leading him into the living room, he sat him down on the couch.  Now tell me.  He told him.  Alexander took a deep breath.  Then it all came spilling out of him.   The man in the bar.  The threat.  His visit to the castle.   His part in the kidnapping.  

    At first, Thomas said nothing.  Standing, he walked over to the phone.    Picking it up, he dialed a number.  

    Dad.  Im gay.  Alexander is my chosen.  Deal with it.  He said.  Listening for a moment, he continued. Im sorry you feel that way, Dad.   Ill be by in the morning to clean out my desk.  Then he hung up the phone.   Walking back over to Alexander, he sat back down next to him.  Next time, talk to me first, Alexander.  I love you.   My job is nothing with out you. Understand?

    Yes. Alexander replied.

    Good.  Now, lets get a hold of Prince Rand and get his bride back. He told Alexander.
    * * * * *
    Rand was snoozing on the couch, when his father shook his shoulder.   Sitting up he groaned.  

    What time is it? He asked sleepily.

    I just spoke with your mother.   We have an issue.

    Whats that.

    Gracie is gone.

    Damn it, she ran again?  He growled, as he came to his feet.

    No.  Two young men, showed up tonight.  With a story about a kidnapping.

    Oh hell, no!  Someone did not kidnap my bride. He growled angrily.

    Lets go retrieve her.  King Mica said dangerously.  And show them why we are called the Triad of Fire.


