This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 18 - The Rescue (MF, cons, humil, inc, magic, mc)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Detective Aaron Bilson woke up to find himself in bed. He felt weird, like he wasn't all there. A female form rose from a nearby chair and approached him.

"Mom?" he asked, confused.

She sat next to him. "You've finally figured it out, master."

He snapped back to full consciousness. "Eudora. You...why do you look like..." Upon smelling her perfume, his mind flashed back to a defining moment from his childhood: He was sitting on his mother's bed, looking at an old photograph of her. "You're so pretty, Mommy," he praised her.

He returned to the present. "...like my mother?" He looked Eudora up and down, and then recoiled from her. "I fucked you, and you look like my mother!?"

"Your greatest fantasy, master," she replied, stroking his face with her gloved hand. "Trust me, I know."

He dropped his head into his hands. "No...no..."

She stood back up. "Bad news: the doctors couldn't do anything for your penis. Your co-worker chewed it up good before I could stop her. I told the doctors it was an attack by a stray dog; a shepherd." She grinned at the joke.

Eyes wide, Bilson lifted the sheets. He could see bandages around his crotch, but nothing to indicate that he had anything left down there anymore.

"NOOOOO!!!!"

---

I told Demie about Dianna's visit, and her warning for us to stay away from her.

"Yes!" Demie performed the fist pull of success, and then saw me looking at her. "She was going to be a problem otherwise," she said, as if that explained everything.

"Time to celebrate!" she said as her clothes disappeared. Soon she was riding my hard cock to a shattering mutual orgasm.

---

My life, as crazy as it was, settled down to a dull roar. Demie was home sometimes, away others, and Kate filled in as my anal sex girlfriend during the latter times.

Monday and Hepzibah were still an item, and he was looking better, not that he had ever looked healthy in the first place, holed up in that stinky apartment playing video games all the time.

A couple weeks later I got a call from an unknown number. As usual, I let it go to voicemail because fuck those fucking robocalls. After a minute my phone notified me that they had left a voicemail. I entered my password and waited for the usual robotic voice telling me the IRS was coming for me if I didn't give them my banking information.

"Hello? Hello, Tom?"

I sat up. That was Eudora, Demie's mother.

"Damnit, I heard your voice. Why aren't you answering me? Tom! This infernal gadget...
Look, I'm at 4356 Kent Avenue, apartment 304. Please come as soon as possible, and bring Demie. I'm...not going anywhere...also, please don't call this number back."

Luckily, Demie was home, watching TV. She just couldn't get enough of Friends re-runs. She said Joey and Chandler reminded her of her brother. She paused the show and I replayed the voicemail for her.

She looked serious. "Let's get going."

---

We didn't know if we should buzz for entry, but Eudora had given instruction not to call her back and we didn't see any other way in. Within a few seconds we heard her through the intercom: "Hello?"

"It's us," Demie replied.

"Oh, thank Satan...come up." Then the door buzzed and we were in.

The apartment door opened as we approached and I was surprised at how old Eudora looked. When I had met her she didn't look much older than Demie, although I didn't really know how old either of them were. They had both looked in their twenties, in the prime of their womanhood, but Eudora now looked around maybe fifty. Still voluptuous, but sagging in places, with lines creasing her demonic face.

"Mother..." Demie moved forward, touching the older demon's face.

Eudora moved her daughter's hand away. "He won't let me go out to eat, and he has nothing for me anymore. I'm starving."

As if on cue, a voice boomed out from the bedroom. "Eudora! That the pizza? Bring it in here, woman!"

Eudora looked uncomfortable. "Just getting it ready!" Then she whispered to us conspiratorially, "I had to lie to get his phone to call you...had to charm the operator into connecting me to your number, Tom. Please, I need your help."

---

"EUDOR--! Oh, there you are," said Detective Aaron Bilson from the bed as she glided into the room. He had not only noticed her getting older by the day, but hadn't been quiet about his dislike for her looking even more like his mother as she degraded. She had said that it was because she was starving because he wouldn't let her go out, but he knew her tricks. She was trying to go out to see MEN, to do unspeakable things to them behind his back, leaving him alone...just like his mother!

"Where's the pizza?"

She jumped onto the bed and clamped her hand over his mouth. Then her flesh and clothes rippled, revealing another demonic woman wearing a half-top and jeans. "MMF!" he shouted into her hand. He struggled, but she was too strong.

Then the real Eudora, in her human form, entered the room, followed by some guy. "WHTHFH!" Bilson shouted into the other demon's hand.

Eudora's gloves and dress vanished, leaving her in only pumps, hose, and garters. She concentrated, and her youthful appearance returned as her breasts and thighs firmed up. "Ughh...I can hold this for a bit..." she said, and bent over the bed in front of Bilson, a lustful look on her face...but not for him.

The guy unfastened his pants and moved up behind Eudora with his hard cock. Bilson continued to struggle, but the other bitch was holding him fast. Then he realized: this guy had his own demon because he had used the book! HE was the one who had lit the homeless guy on fire months ago.

Eudora moaned as the guy thrust into her from behind. "NNN!" Bilson screamed soundlessly. The guy was soon thrusting into Bilson's pet demon, making her gasp.

She looked at Bilson with venom. "Ohh yesss...this is what I've been starving for, Aaron...what you couldn't give me, even when you still had your little cock, you fucking eunuch." Eunuchs didn't have balls, but that was a minor quibble. The barb hit home, and Bilson moaned in despair.

The guy reached around, one hand going for one of Eudora's massive breasts and the other slipping between her legs to manipulate her clit. "Oh, yes, Tom...you're so good at that..." she moaned.

Tom. Bilson would remember that name, and he memorized the guy's face, trying anything to keep from looking at the demon with his mother's body getting fucked.

"My eyes are down here, Aaron. That's right...that's a good boy..."

Damnit, Bilson realized, he couldn't look away anymore. His mother's eyes looked back at him as the newcomer fucked his mother's body. As he watched, her breasts began to sag again and the mother he remembered growing up with looked back at him, smiling as she was pleasured by the guy's cock.

Soon the guy sped up and groaned. "Yesss...fill me up with your seed..." Bilson's mother's voice cried out. "I'm cumming!"

Bilson groaned as his own balls gave up their cargo, dribbling sperm out of his stub of a penis. He groaned in defeat.

Tom pulled out and Eudora stood back up, though she remained naked. Once again, her youth returned, and she looked at the backs of her hands as the wrinkles smoothed out. "Ah, much better. I'm ready to go now. Thank you, Tom." She gave the guy a peck on the cheek.

"Gh?"

She looked at Bilson. "Yes, back to Hell...and you're coming with me, Aaron. I can't take the soul of my master unless he kisses me himself, but you're not *her* master."

He looked up at the other demon, terrified, and met her eyes. So beautiful...he couldn't look away.

Her lips met his and he groaned, another load of cum squeaking out of his ruined genitalia. She left him there, his eyes wide open, staring into a distance that did not exist in the earthly realm.

"Time to go," Eudora said, moving forward to embrace Demie. "Thank you, daughter. And you, Tom. I think I'll miss you most of all." She hugged him and gave him another peck on the cheek.

The shadows in the room darkened. Eudora stepped toward the corner of the room where most of them seemed to be gathering. She turned back.

"Also, for this favor I won't tell you-know-who about your failed summoning." Demie and I looked at each other, shocked. "A mother knows! But you have to promise me you'll do your best to find your brother." She leveled a gaze at Demie. "I'm worried about him."

"I promise," Demie said as the shadows expanded, enveloping Eudora. Then the elder demon was gone.

We looked at each other, and then at the dead body on the bed. "We'd best get the hell out of here," I advised. We made sure to wipe anything I had touched -- Demie assured me that demons didn't have fingerprints -- and then we left for home.

---

On the way home I got a call from Monday: "Hey, Tommy, can you swing by with your lady friend? Somethin' just happened here and I'm kinda freakin' out, okay?"

"Sure, Monday...be right there." We detoured, and soon arrived at Monday's pad.

He opened the door and ushered us in. Monday was normally pretty mellow from all the weed, but tonight he was visibly agitated. We heard a screech from the bedroom. Hepzibah. Demie rushed into that room and I sat Monday down.

After we smoked some of his cushiest kush, Monday began breathing more normally. He had almost calmed down when a huge scream shook the apartment, and then abruptly cut off. We tentatively approached the bedroom door.

I saw Demie sitting on the bed, her arm slashed nearly to ribbons, and I started forward.

"Stay back!" she urged, turning her head toward me. There was a gash on her forehead as well. At her insistence, though, I stayed where I was. Within moments her flesh knit itself back together. I heard Monday hiss through his mouth. Well, guess I'd be explaining that later.

"She okay?" he asked.

"She is now." Demie moved aside to reveal Hepzibah in her slim human form, naked and lying sideways on the shredded bedsheets. She was facing away from us and cradling something.

We moved forward. "Not too close," Demie warned, but we could see it now...

An egg, about the size of a volleyball.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)