I creep into your bedroom with a small purple ribbon tied round my waist.. so happens, its your highly belated birthday present.. shutting the door behind me, locking it, as i move to your bed.. my eyes adjust enough to see your eyes opened.. you sit up, stand, and move to meet me.. we kiss as you untie the little bow round my waist and bite my lower lip.. 

'thank you, slut', you whisper.. then your eyes wander as you tell me to take my clothes off.. 'slowly, mel', you whisper, as you back away..turning the lamp on..then sitting on the edge of your bed. im fucking literally drunk with lust..with love.. blushing, i oblige.. taking the pencil from my hair and hold it in my mouth.. 

then i pull my shirt over my head, slipping out of my levis.. unclasping my bra and letting it drop to the floor.. reaching up, i twist my hair and pull it back up.. i proceed to slide my panties down,wriggling my hips out of them.. dropping them to my ankles.. and stepping free. 

you arent even looking at my body now.. youre just gazing into my eyes.. with such lust. You stand to take my face in your hands..and then you cover my mouth with yours.. kissing me slowly..deeply. your hands are on my ass now.. and all over.. fingers grazing my sides.. hands cupping my tits.. 

You kneel down as you push me back a few steps..  trailing kisses down my belly as you go.. then you look up at me as your fingers form a v above my glistening pussy.. exposing my aching clit..  

you nibble hungrily.. whilst your fingertips stroke my soaking wet slit.  just when im near the edge, you abruptly bite down on my clit; hard enough to dissuade the wave of orgasm about to wash over me and then you suck deeply.. edging me back again.. over and over.. til my legs are weak. i dig my nails into your shoulders and gasp..

you raise now and turn me to your bed.. setting me down on the very edge and kneeling before me.. guiding my legs open, you spread me wide with your fingers and lap at my wet cunt.. 

slow soft tongue full and rhythmic.. stopping every so often to close your mouth over my clit again and suck deeply..to nibble.. to tease.. then you sit upright and wipe your beard.. grinning as you slip your middle finger deep inside me.. to the knuckle.. 

bending that finger in a come hither gesture and begin finger fucking me slowly. you give such attention to that soft, swollen sweet spot you've bent your finger to meet.. im fucking soaking wet.. pulling out and back in again with 2 fingers.. 

the thumb of your other hand rubs my clit quickly.. you can sense how close i am to the edge and you quicken your pace.. 

my thighs begin to tremble and you purr a command at me.. 'cum on my hand, mel'. that was it. i feel the walls of my pussy contract on your busy fingers.. my hips bucking beneath you.. omg! i cum warm and wet and hard. you moan and ask me if i liked cumming all over your fingers.. 

i whimper as you guide me up on all fours.. pressing ur fingers into my ass cheeks and pulling them apart.. kissing my sweet asshole with full tongue.. . you stand.. and i hear you fumbling with ur belt.. 

then so slow.. soooo fucking slow.. you bury your cock in my sensitive cunt.. inch by inch by inch.. we arent moving.. but i can feel your cock twitch inside me.. followed by the pressure of your thumb pushing firmly into my asshole. 

Thumb in deep and slow and then back out.. quickly.. knowing im uncomfy.."open that asshole up wide for meeee" you hiss as you fuck me so slow.. in time with your thumb sinking deep inside me.. and then pulling out.. your cock is nice and slippery now.. 

spitting on my ass just for good measure, you rub it in gently.. then slip out of my cunt and remove your thumb.. frigging my clit while you wank your throbbing cock. Tell me you want it, bitch!. 

i moan in response.. fuck!! my gaping, well worked asshole is so inviting..you steady your cock, align it with my ass..then push the cockhead just inside..deep inside me.. youre moaning along with me.. 'are you ready, mel?'.. 

grabbing my hips, you prepare to push yourself fully inside. with determined force until i relax around ur throbbing head..pausing..kissing my shoulders.. then pushing deeper.. deeper still.. cooing that im such a good girl.. 

and that you love how it feels; your dick now buried in my tight lil ass. gripping my hips tightly, you're now fucking me hard.. loving the way my ass ripples..bouncing off of you.. 

i throw my head back and whimper loudly.. deeply.. delirious with 
exquisite pain.. and intense fucking pleasure. i grip the sheets, white 
knuckled.. fucking u back.. meeting each thrust of your glorious, 
rhythmic hips.. 

then we establish rhythm again.. forceful and loud and deep.pounding into one another.. your balls hitting my clit perfectly each time.. its fucking amazing.. you feel fucking amazing.. buried in my ass.. hissing obscenities at me.. then whispering that you love this.. you blow my goddamn mind. 



you arent ready to cum yet.. now YOURE feeling too sensitive.. 
you sit as i pull your jeans all the way down and off.. and push you back onto the bed.. guiding
 Your legs back, i stroke your rock hard cock with one hand as my tongue flicks the magnificent rim rof your delicious asshole..

i fucking lovehow you nearly float off the bed.. breathing deeply as i begin to lap hungrily at you.. it makes me so wet to hear the sounds you make..whilst im sucking and thrashing my head wildly.. eating you up.. starving for you.. so fucking happy.. even my fucking nose is buried in your ass.. 

My jaw hurts.. but im not finished.. so i temper my movement to small delicate brushing circles around your hole as i swallow the length of your cock.
your breath quickens and your cock jerks in my mouth.. i suck hard.. milking your cock head.. then jump up..straddling you...sinking down onto your hard, throbbing cock.. holding ur chest for leverage, i raise up until ur head nearly escapes my sweet cunt, then i slam back down again.. 

hard.. over and over.. hot, wet, full, slow fucking.. digging my nails into you.. youre biting my lip.. im so close to cumming.. trying to be quiet.. but i cant. certain the town can hear us. sweating and breathless..the air thick with the sounds of my ass slapping against your legs.. and the smell of our sex.. thick and musky and intoxicating.. 

i quicken my pace.. and you meet my motion.. moving as one.. we cum together.. hard and loud and trembling. 
