My Wife, The Workmen, and the Motel Window
by Linemstr814

Wife and Stripped in View of workmen across the street.

My wife and I were in Birmingham, AL for business reasons and were staying on the second story of a very nice motel. While my wife was in the bathroom, I pulled back the curtains and looked out the window of our room! The window was recessed about 1 1/2' into the wall. I found that we were above a very busy street on the ground level with a tall hedge partly obscuring our room from the street but not from workmen creating forms and pouring cement for a foundation for a large building under construction directly across the street!! The curtain was floor-to-ceiling and wrapped around the recessed area at either end. My mind started racing!!

We had always played BDSM games in our sex life, but almost never in public, and then, only when absolutely safe. Forced exhibitionism was something we'd never done, only because she wasn't sure how she'd feel about other men and / or women seeing her naked and possibly tied tight...etc., etc...basically helpless and at my whim!! But...I thought this might be a chance for the first time!!

I heard the shower running, so I used the time to get a few things ready. When she came out of the shower, she was wrapped only in a towel tucked in above her nicely-shaped breasts with the lower part of the towel partly separated to just below her shaved-bare pussy!!

She was drying her hair with the towel when I said, "Come over here." She knew the tone of voice and knew not to object or question! She came over to the bed where I stood, holding a pair of soft leather wrist cuffs attached by a metal clip which would be difficult to open if both hands were cuffed together.

"Hands in front," I said. She put her hands together in front as instructed, and I but the cuffs on both wrists and clipped them together. Then I walked her over to the recessed part of the window, backed her up to the curtain, and clipped her wrists over her head to the curtain rod. Now...I realized, as did she, that the curtain rod would never hold her weight, but it sufficed to keep her hands overhead unless she pulled down the entire rod, curtains and all. It'd do nicely!

Then, I placed an expensive, very efficient blindfold over her eyes which virtually shut out all light, even around the edges! She could see nothing, even if the curtains were opened! She was beginning to realize what I intended to do!!

"OOOOHHHH....what are you going to do? Open the curtains with me here...nearly naked?!!" What's outside the window? Do you even know?!"

"Oh, I know, but you don't need to know....not yet, anyway!"

With that, I opened the curtains all the way to the recessed area on both sides! Because the room faced the east, the full morning sun shone directly in the window, and fully lit up my wife's toweled form! None of the workers seemed to notice....at least not yet!!

"Our room is shielded from the ground floor area and adjoining street by a tall hedge, but across the street are workmen building forms and pouring concrete for a building under construction. The elevation is taller than this side of the street, so the workmen are working on a level equivalent to the second floor on this side, so they're directly across the street from our room, with you lit up by the sun shining into our window!! You're standing to the side of the window, so they haven't noticed you yet....YET!"

"GOSH! You're going to strip off my towel so they can see all of me when they do notice, aren't you?!"

"You know I am...and I'm going to torment you a bit so you'll have to struggle for them, too! With that, I stripped down to my underwear, and squeezed in between her and the curtains behind her.

She felt my finger reach around both sides of her neck and fumble with the towel tucked in above her breasts. She turned her head to the side and started murmuring, "Oooo, God! OOOH, GOD! OOOOOOHHH, GOD!" as she felt the towel come loose and felt me hold the top corners fully open. This still hid most of her naked body from the workmen by the side of the towel nearest to the window! As she felt me let go of the corners and felt the towel flutter to the rug beneath her feet, she muttered, "oooohhhnoooo!! NNNNOOOO!!" not really in protest, but more in dread of the inevitable!!

Although I was still behind her, I knew full well the picture she presented to the workmen. She had an admirable figure, well-proportioned tits, nice waist, trim hips which ended between her legs leaving a small triangle between the tops of her thighs, which nicely exposed her pussy, large clit and large inner pussy lips. She always kept her pussy shaved bare for me!! She knew that now, her nude body was fully exposed and lit up for the workmen across that street. She twisted her body a bit in a futile struggle to bring down her hands and hide her pussy and tits from their gaze, if they had discovered her yet! But...she still didn't really know!

She hated to be tickled, but she had tremendous orgasms when she was tickled and made to cum at the same time!! I reached around her raised arms and lifted my hands to her elbows. I slowly traced my fingers down her arms to her armpits, where I danced my fingers across both armpits!! She expected this, but not so soon, and the sudden tickling broke her into a giggling struggle in her bonds, but not strong enough to free her or to bend the curtain rod from which her wrists dangled! She involuntarily twisted her body again, bent her knees as much as she could, and spread her pussy, in a reflex attempt to get away from my tickling!! I knew that continuing to cause her to struggle and move in the window would soon attract the attention of the workmen! I moved my dancing fingers down to the sides of her tits and on down to her ribs. Her struggles to get away increased to a fiver pitch, limited only by the possibility of her pulling too hard on the curtain rod and pulling it down. She didn't want this, and her predicament was all the more maddening for her. It was when my dancing fingers hit her lower abdomen and groin area that she really came unglued and started begging me to stop!!

I moved around to the backs of her legs and ass to continue her torment...then up and down in a maddening tickle-fest that increased the tempo of her begging and struggling...all being careful not to pull down the rod! One side effect of the tickling was, that, in her struggles, her tits were bouncing and jiggling wildly, and she was involuntarily spreading her legs and throwing her pussy out forward, giving the workmen a great view of her bare pussy and clit!! I noted that one of the workmen had now noticed her in the window.

It was time to get rid of the blindfold, so she could see the men staring at her, but could do nothing to hide her naked body from them...and couldn't stop me from doing whatever I wanted to her for their viewing pleasure!! I stood up, reached behind her head, and removed her blindfold!! After blinking a moment for her eyes to become accustomed to the bright sun shining in the window, she saw the workmen across the street now gathering at a point where they could all see her naked form in the window!!

"NO!! NOOOOOO!!" she said, mildly protesting, but resignedly, knowing there was nothing she could do to hide, and nothing she could do to convince me to hide any part of her naked body!!

I went around to her front again, raised one leg over my shoulder, bending it at the knee!! She moaned as her pussy was widely exposed to the workmen, and moaned more loudly as I started to lick her pussy and clit!! She began thrusting her pussy out and back to the rhythm of my licking her clit and pussy...turning her head from side to side, and moaning loudly!! Then I started working on the sole of the foot draped over my shoulder with one hand, and held the foot with my other. She came unglued again, realizing that her struggles were giving the workmen the show she wanted to avoid!! Then, I took both hands, still eating out her pussy and clit, and quickly ran dancing fingers up and down both sides of her abdomen and ribs, all the way to her armpits, and back down again, over and over several times in quick succession. She didn't have time to even think about what was happening to her. All she could do was respond by laughing and struggling at the twin sensations of massive tickling and sexual stimulation which she could not escape, and which was being witnessed by a group of strange men!!

AAAAAIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEENNNOOOOO!!! NNNNOOOOOOOAAAAIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!!

As I continued eating her pussy and tickling her, she twisted her body from side to side and continued to laugh and scream, no longer caring who was watching, and now having no choice but to give the workmen the naked show they wanted!!

The combination of tickling and eating her pussy and clit caused her breathing to quicken and deepen, and her moaning to increase as well!! "OOOHGOD!! You're gonna make me....CUM for them....and....OOOHH, GOD...OOOHHH, GOD!! SOON!!"' I took her leg down off my shoulder as she had a shattering orgasm....stiffening...spreading her legs much wider, and arching her back to the extreme, thrusting her pussy forward as well as those great tits....fully exposing her orgasm and body to the workmen!

I reached up and took down her hands, turned her back to the window, and stripped off my shorts to reveal my huge hard-on! I raised her hands over her head, bending her over, gently kicked her legs apart so her pussy was completely exposed, and allowing her tits to be visible dangling down between her legs as well!! I let the workmen watch as I slid my cock up inside her pussy quickly and forcefully, ramming it in and out as I reached around her to grab her tits and knead them mercilessly!! Again, she stiffened and straightened as much as she could, arching her back and thrusting her ass to the rhythm of my fucking her as she had yet another massive orgasm!!! As she came again, I reached over to the side and quickly closed the curtains!! I undid the wrist cuffs and opened the curtains to see the workmen clapping and cheering, although I couldn't hear their cheers. My wife was mortified and embarrassed, but stood there still stark naked and bowed slightly to acknowledge their appreciation of the show I'd forced her to put on for them!!
