A Couple of Exhibitionists
Ch. 01 by slickorslide Â©

There is definitely something special about the summer that just makes us 
feel sexual. We're not sure whether it's the warm sun, the ability to wear 
less clothing, or the smell of fresh air. If we had to guess, we'd say 
that 95% of our adventurous sexual activities occur during the months of 
May, June, July and August. Those four months spell trouble for us. 

We've done a lot too. We are Tyler (Ty) and Alexandria (Alex), both in our 
20s, both in reasonable shape, comfortable with our bodies, and both avid 
exhibitionists. We've known each other since college and pretty much right 
from the beginning we knew that we both got turned on by the idea that 
someone may be watching. While in college we used to have sex in front of 
the window with the curtains and shades open, just hoping that someone 
would be looking from a window in the neighboring high-rise apartment 
complex. We'd go to the beach during the summer and have sex on the sand 
dunes just hoping that somebody would walk by. We'd go into the dressing 
room of a store at the local mall and have sex hoping that someone would 
hear us, or even better hoping that the store would be one that had 
security cameras in the dressing area (is that an urban legend or do stores really do that?). On the weekends, we'd go to a nearby office complex and have sex in the little gazebos that so many companies use as there smoking lounges. 

All these activities were great fun and it always made it better when 
someone saw us. It was great to see who would stop and watch and who would walk away embarrassingly. You would be surprised to know that most people (we'd guess 8 out of 10) would be too embarrassed to stay and watch. It always amazes us. Here WE are naked (we always took all of our clothes off, what's the point of merely unzippering and hiking up a skirt?) 
getting caught in an intimate situation and YOU are embarrassed? That must 
be a trickle down effect in this country from our puritan fathers. But that's what made our public acts of exhibition so much fun and easy. Once we realized that other people were embarrassed (for some reason) by what 
we were doing, we no longer became embarrassed for what we were doing. 
Rather, we began to flaunt it. 

The down side to this unfortunately is that our society's legal system 
does not exactly allow us to be as free as we would otherwise like to be. 
But, (knock on wood) we think that after doing this for a while now, we 
know that as long as you walk that fine line between "accidentally being 
caught" and flaunting it, people will believe that you are not doing it 
intentionally for others and you don't get labeled as being indecent. 
Quite simply, there is a big difference between having sex up on those 
dunes where people feel that they "happened upon you, oops!" and having 
sex in the middle of the beach where everyone can see you. There's a big 
difference between having sex on the balcony of your second story 
apartment (which we also liked to do) and having sex on the patio of your 
first floor apartment. Don't ask us why, but there is a big difference 
between having sex with all the lights on inside your hotel room and the 
drapes open for everyone to see walking by on a busy sidewalk (which we 
did on a trip to Baltimore) and having sex out on that busy sidewalk. And 
lastly, here is another one: having sex in a Jacuzzi at a resort is much 
more acceptable than having sex in the swimming pool. In any of those 
situations, if you do the first one, people seem to leave you alone and 
not call the police, but if you do the second, chances are you're going to 
have to answer some tough questions.

So that is our secret. We are not by any means discrete about our 
activities, we just think through the situation and decide whether other 
people would think that we are intentionally being indecent. We try to 
select areas or times when there is little to no chance that children will 
ever be there (that would be BAD). And we try our best to pretend that we 
don't know that someone may be watching. But God, what a rush when we get caught!

While we were in college, we went to Sandy Hook (a nude beach in northern 
New Jersey). It was our first time ever to a nudist area. We both had done 
our share of skinny dipping before that, but that was usually at night. We 
thought it would be fun to be able to walk around, get a tan, and go 
swimming knowing that other people would be watching us. As an added 
incentive to attract attention, we decided (it was Alex's idea) that it'd 
be cool to completely shave our pubic hair so that we would draw more 
attention and allow everyone else to see everything. We both keep our 
areas trimmed (Ty shaves his balls because it increases his sensitivity 
and Alex usually keeps a thin "landing strip") but this time, we thought 
it would be more fun to shave it all off and let it all out for the world 
to see. After doing that, we wondered what you are supposed to wear to get 
to a nude beach. It seemed kind of funny to wear a bathing suit, only to 
take it off, but would you wear clothes to a beach? Isn't that a bit 
overdressed for any beach? In the end, Ty decided to wear a pair of swim 
trunks and Alex went with her beach cover-up (almost like a sun-dress to 
wear over your bathing suit only this time she wasn't wearing a swim suit 
underneath). 

We made the drive to Sandy Hook and got there a little after 10:00 in the 
morning so there weren't that many people there yet. We were eager to 
begin our fun and decided that a spot closest to the parking area would 
afford the best opportunity to be seen by everyone. Now to get to the 
nudist part of the beach, they make you walk a little bit up the beach 
from the parking area through the non-nude area. So a spot right over the 
line and on the nude side also allows non-nude people to see you. Perfect 
for us! So we plopped our stuff down right next to the sign that lets you 
now that "nude sunbathing is permitted past this point". We didn't even 
both laying out our towels and blanket before it was off with the clothes. 
We had actually talked all about the possibilities of our day during our 
2-hour drive up: 

"What if we get turned on and can't control ourselves?" 

This would be much more obvious if Ty got an erection, but without any 
pubic hair, Alex's swollen clit and parting lips would be fairly obvious 
to everyone as well. We dismissed that concern figuring that people had 
probably seen all of that before anyway, and as long as we didn't do 
anything to act upon the sexual excitement, we were sure that we wouldn't 
be breaking any of the "nudist code of ethics". 

Ty wondered, "Well what if someone gets turned on by us?"

Ty wasn't upset or jealous thinking about the idea of another man getting 
an erection while looking at his girlfriend, he just wanted to make sure 
that other people wouldn't be offended by all of it. 

"Relax Ty, these people are comfortable with the human body. They won't be 
offended; besides, it'll be fun to see if we can get anyone excited!"

When we get there, I'm going to do a lot of bending over while I lay out 
our stuff. If anyone's going to get excited, that'll be the time!"

So that's how at 10:00 in the morning, we found ourselves completely 
naked, both bent over, laying out the blanket, looking through our 
backpacks for sunscreen, and beginning to enjoy our day. The only problem 
was that no one was looking at us. The nude beach apparently doesn't 
attract as many gawkers as you would imagine. Since that failed, we 
decided that the next best thing would be to go for a walk down the beach. 
It was so much fun walking along the beach completely naked. In most 
places, you walk a couple feet outside nude and you draw a bunch of 
stares, but here, no one seemed to really look. It sucked, because we were 
really letting it out to be seen! We wanted to catch someone leering down 
at our private regions. But everyone made eye-contact! There is definitely 
irony here. Most of the time, you go to the office in a low-cut blouse and 
nobody looks you in the eyes. They are all looking at your chest trying to 
see if they can get a peak. But go to a nude beach and you let everyone 
get a peak and everyone turns out to be looking at your eyes! 

After completing our walk and getting back to our blanket, we were happily 
rewarded to see that there were more people showing up on the non-nude 
side, just feet away from us, and we were happy to see that a couple of 
guys (it's always guys that stare) were looking at us (probably Alex 
mostly, but every guy also takes a peek at every other guy to "size" him 
up) as we walked back to our stuff. We figured that this would be a good 
time to try our bending over routine again, so Alex blazingly turned her 
back to the non-nude side, spread her legs a little bit apart and bent at 
her hips, pretending to straighten out the blanket and shake the sand off. 
That got a couple stares and we were sure that we had an audience now. Not 
wanting to be accused of purposely putting on a show, we decided to give 
our antics a break for a little bit and stretched out on the blanket to 
bask in the sun. 

After about a half-hour, we decided it would be good to get in the water 
and we walked down to the waves. The water was a bit cool (high 60s, low 
70s) and wading into it brought goosebumps and the inevitable hard 
nipples. Alex's nipples look great when they are sticking out straight. 
Another inevitable was that Ty's balls tightened up, seeking the warmth of 
his body. But the water felt great. It never stops feeling good to swim 
around naked. It's a completely different feeling than that of swimming in 
a bathing suit. We waded down to where the water was up to our shoulders 
and stopped to talk. We were both looking back at the beach, which was 
getting more and more crowded as it became afternoon. 

"Hey Alex, I think you turned a couple of the guys on, can't be sure, 
since they were on the clothed side." 

"How do you know they weren't looking at you?" 

"Well, I don't, but believe me, they were looking at you. Bent over like 
that, a gay guy would have been looking at you!" 

"So I guess that answers our question about the “what if someone else gets turned on'. Care to find out an answer to one of the others?" 

"What do you have in mind?" Ty wondered. 

"Well," Alex replied, "I'm feeling pretty turned on right now and I think 
my clit is sticking out. I can begin to feel it tingle. 

If we go back up on that beach now, someone is going to notice." 

Hearing that was starting to turn Ty on too. A little bit, enough to get 
his penis to stir and go semi-erect. 

"Alright, well let's try to go for another walk then and see if anyone 
looks at that pretty shaved pussy of yours this time." 

And for good measure, Ty reached over and used his thumb to rub Alex's 
clit to see if it was indeed hard (which it turns out, it was).

Wading back up to the beach was exciting, we knew that people would see 
our nude bodies gradually appear up out of the water. Obviously, the first 
"privates" to be seen were Alex's breasts. Her nice sized, all natural 36C 
boobs finally seemed to pop out of the water, beads of water dripping down 
her skin. Next, Ty's genitals were the first to appear since he is 6'4" 
and stood much taller than Alex at 5'6". His penis looked great, 
semi-aroused, smooth and hairless. And finally, anyone that happened to be 
watching this, was rewarded by a view of Alex's smooth pubic area. Sure 
enough, you could distinctly notice that she was aroused. The little nub 
of her clit was protruding from the surrounding folds and you could 
totally see that her labia was swollen and parted slightly. If it wasn't 
so beautiful, it would have definitely been obscene!

Once we were out of the water, we decided to forego drying off with our 
towels and immediately started our second walk. The beach was definitely 
more crowded and there was a nice mix of people. Sure there were a lot of 
older couples (why do most people wait until they are old and their bodies 
are past their prime before they feel comfortable with them?), but there 
were quite a few younger couples in their late 30s and early 40s. If we 
had to guess, we thought we were the youngest couple there (at the time we 
were both 20). 

As we walked, Ty double-checked and looked down to see whether Alex was 
still showing her tell-tale signs of arousal. Sure enough, you could see 
absolutely every portion of her intimate area. Ty also could tell by the 
way his penis swayed back and forth that he was still slightly to 
moderately aroused himself (now we aren't going to lie and say that Ty is 
hung like a mule like most people do in their "true" stories, he is 
average at 7-inches erect). As for Alex, her mind was racing, her heart 
pounding rapidly (possibly to compensate for the additional blood-flow to 
her genitals?) She herself looked down and was excited to see what 
everyone else could: her clit peeking out. She could also tell that the 
moisture between her legs wasn't just water from the swim. As she looked 
down, she also noticed that Ty “s penis was poking out at a much sharper 
angle and although she wasn't 100-pecent certain because it might be sweat 
or water, she thought that she could see a little glisten of pre-cum on 
the tip of his cock. 

This time people noticed us on this walk. It was most likely attributed to 
Ty's increasing erection (that's what people saw first), but people were 
also looking directly at Alex's aroused pussy too. Now this is what we 
imagined! We were finally being looked at by at least a dozen or so 
people. Most just glanced and looked away, but we did catch a few people 
that didn't break their gaze as we walked past. What was even better was 
that we knew that we would be walking past these same observers on our 
return and they would be looking at us again. 

Unfortunately, the only other thing that would make this better would have 
been the inevitable game of nude volleyball. Sadly, it did not appear that 
these nudists had any interest in the sport and there were no games going 
on. Again, we aren't sure whether that's just a story, but we had always 
heard the words "nudists" and "volleyball" uttered in the same sentence. 
Pity, because we were looking forward to playing. The thought of moving 
around, jumping and potentially bumping into other nude people sounded 
like just the thing (not to mention all the bending over to pick up the ball). 

So once again, we reached the other end of the beach and had to turn 
around to go back. Past the observers from the first trip and a few more 
that we caught looking at us on this return trip. Our arousal hadn't 
subsided though due to a combination of feeling so on display and 
admittedly, we were both checking out some of the other nudists. People 
definitely come in all shapes and sizes! 

When we got back to our stuff, we decided that it was time to put a little 
suntan lotion on. Whether we needed it or not, we didn't want to take a 
chance of burning some of those sensitive body parts! That, and it 
definitely looks sexy to watch naked people put suntan lotion on doesn't? 
Ty told Alex to lie down so that he could rub sunscreen on her back. He 
started up by her shoulders, moving her long hair off to the side, he 
worked his way down her back. Now, you need to put sunscreen all over 
right, but if you have ever tried to put it on someone's bottom, you know 
that it is next to impossible to prevent it from dribbling down into the 
crack in a big white glob. So Ty was left with the decision of rubbing it 
back out, or leaving it there. Obviously he chose to rub it out, and 
surprised Alex by running his finger from the top all the way down close 
to her little butthole. As he did, he couldn't help himself from taking a 
peak and rubbing his finger down past her butt to her swollen vagina. Not 
wanting to create too much of a scene, he decided not to pay much 
attention to the region that obviously needed some attention. This only 
teased Alex and made her feel even more aroused. After Ty was done rubbing Alex's back, she rolled over, sure to be facing the non-nude side and 
began to rub sunscreen on her front. 

There is nothing better than watching a woman rub sunscreen on her chest. 
And Alex was obviously hamming it up, paying close attention to making 
sure that her sensitive nipples would not burn. The slippery lotion 
between her fingers felt great to her nipples. As she moved down, she made 
sure to get lotion on the skin under each breast, gently lifting and 
cupping each one. After apply lotion to her tummy, she moved down to the 
fun part. As she spread her legs apart to see that she would get every 
area, she was certain that she was putting on quite a show! It was all she 
could do to control herself from squirting lotion on herself and 
masturbating right there and then. As it was, she felt so good rubbing the 
palm of her hand down over her clit and through the part between her 
labia. She could definitely tell now that she was indeed very wet. She 
finished with her legs, lifting each one at a time to reach her calves and 
feet. Following that, she told Ty to lie down so that she could do him 
(his back that is).

Ty rolled over onto his stomach. Painfully aware that his penis was now 
fully aroused. He was hoping that other people would blame the erection on 
his younger age. He tried desperately to refocus his mind, but he had just 
watched a guy on the non-nude side looking directly at Alex, watching her 
sunscreen show. He loved when Alex showed off her sexy body. Meanwhile 
Alex was working her way down Ty's back. She had decided that she would 
get back at Ty for teasing her. Faking that she had accidentally squirted 
too much sunscreen on his lower back, she rubbed the lotion down onto Ty's 
ass, massaging each cheek. Next, she followed Ty's action, and rubbed her 
finger down Ty's crack, as she got down close to his butthole, she gently 
stuck her finger in about half way and rubbed his prostrate a little. Alex 
had first done this about a year ago after reading an issue of Cosmo and 
learning that the prostrate gland is like a male g-spot. Needless to say, 
it surprised Ty every time. He used to resist, but after enjoying the best 
orgasms of his life, he no longer thought of it as being "gay". For any 
women or men out there that read this and think it's weird, it's because 
you haven't tried it yet. Once you try it, you won't think of it as weird 
at all! After Alex pulled her finger out, she continued down each of Ty's legs. 

"There you go, all done, you can role over and do your front now."

Ty didn't exactly want to roll over though and give the world a view of 
his fully-erect penis, fearing that he'd be kicked off of the nudist 
beach. What he wanted to do was fuck Alex. That would definitely get them 
kicked out, if not arrested. Fearing that he couldn't roll over to apply 
sunscreen to his front because it would be impossible to rub lotion on his 
erect penis without making it look like he was jerking off, he figured it 
best to stay put on his stomach. Alex on the other hand was on her back, 
legs spread apart carelessly allowing everyone to see her pussy. 

We could have stayed there all day, but by this time, we were desperately 
in need of a sexual release. We love days like that when we are aroused 
for an extended period of time, then get to finally cum. The build-up is 
the best part. 

We decided it was time to pack up our stuff and put our clothes back on. 
This time though, everyone that watched Alex put her cover-up on would 
know that she wasn't wearing a thing underneath! We also had to walk past 
all the people on the non-nude side that had been watching us for the past 
couple hours. It felt strange to walk passed these people with clothes on. 


We got off the beach uneventfully and made it back to our Explorer. We 
loaded all the stuff into the back and no sooner had we got in and closed 
the doors than Alex declared "God, I'm so horny, that was fun!" 


"Yeah, a couple of the guys were flat-out staring at you while you applied 
your suntan lotion!" 

"I wish we could be naked all the time! The only thing better would have 
been if we were allowed to fuck on the beach in front of all those people."

Ty started the SUV and pulled it out of the parking lot. Once we were on 
the road, Alex removed her cover-up and tossed it into the back seat. She 
loves riding around nude. Ty reminded her that they had come up the Garden State Parkway and would have to pay a couple tolls on the way back. 

"Who cares, if the collector wants to take a peak, let him or her. I'm in 
the privacy of my own car right? They can't arrest us for that."

Toll collectors must see that a lot though, because the two that we passed 
didn't so much as seem surprised. They looked of course, but didn't 
comment.

On the way back, Alex reached over and tugged Ty's trunks down to gain 
access to his cock. She stroked it gently, then bent down and wrapped her 
mouth around it. Alex gives good blowjobs. She says that she's always 
enjoyed giving head, and it shows. She knows just the right areas to flick 
with her tongue, and knows exactly how to gently suck on the upswing. It 
wasn't long before Ty could feel that his release was coming. Alex was 
masturbating herself at the same time, and apparently her release was 
coming soon too, so she halted the blow-job so that she could focus her 
attention on her own imminent orgasm. That was a bit of a let-down to Ty, 
but that was fine, he enjoyed watching his nude girlfriend masturbate in 
the passenger seat as they drove 65 mph down the highway.

Alex began to cum, which sent her hips bucking up to the point where 
passing cars could see exactly what she was doing. That was fine to Alex, 
who was oblivious, lost in the controls of her orgasm, gently moaning. 
When she was done, she looked over at Ty, smiled and said "I really needed 
that all day!". 

Then she resumed right where she left off, giving Ty a blowjob. Ty didn't 
need much, and let Alex know that he was about to cum. Alex usually didn't 
swallow (not that she didn't like it) but preferred to watch the cum 
squirt out, fascinated by the ejaculatory spasms. However, in this 
situation, she eagerly gobbled up every little drop that squirted into her 
mouth. When Ty was finished, she lovingly cleaned his penis and pulled his 
trunks back up for him. 

"Thanks, I really needed that too!" Ty said. 

"Yeah, I would say so by the amount of cum I just swallowed. I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to handle it all!"

We continued driving for a little bit longer when Ty suggested an idea: 
"Let's stop and get a hotel room somewhere." 

"But we don't have any of our stuff. All I have with me is my cover-up and our towels and beach blanket." 

"We can buy toothbrushes and toothpaste somewhere and we won't need anything else!" 

"Okay, I'm game. Let's find someplace kind of nice though. I don't want 
you taking me to any cheap motels to take advantage of me. You can take advantage of me at a nice place!" 



This story will be continued when we find the time! We love reading all of 
your comments so drop us an email at slickorslide@hotmail.com

Hope you enjoyed our story because we totally got off by sharing it with 
you! Hopefully you'll see us around, we love to show! 



