Lukas lifted up slightly off Ben's chest. "I realized something quite profound when I was in the hospital, ready for surgery... or afterwards, going for my treatments." 

"What?" Ben brought his hand up to caress as much of Lukas' face as he'd let him.

"I regretted what we hadn't risked in college. I realized how you truly felt about me... too late. You were already on to other pursuits. I was madly in love with you and you were past me. I was simply back to being a 'friend' again. I had to go out with you, watch you pick up other men and bring them back to our room to fuck. It tore me up inside because they certainly never got to meet the real you. And they wouldn't, when they kept petting your ego and stroking your cock like they did."

Ben smirked, making a fist and rubbing his knuckles down Lukas' straight jawline. "Is that why you don't get me with Michael?" How could he not have found this handsome face irresistible to leave so many long years ago?

"Do you blame me? Jamie... he's not anything like the guys you usually fuck. I'm not sure that you even pick the same ones now to 'date'. Why did you even try to get him?"

"Because he wasn't someone I'd normally picture myself with. Certainly not someone I'd easily let inside my personal life. But... he's... Michael is one of the most honest, sincere... genuine and loving souls I've ever encountered. There's not a mean bone in his body. I met him and instantly I knew... I needed him in my life in some capacity."

"So why even doubt him if this is how you feel? Why ruin a good thing? Do you like being self-destructive to feel wanted?"

"No... my curiosity isn't about Michael, per se. It's Brian Kinney. He's me, Luke. The 'me' before I was diagnosed and got sick. When I began to have feelings for Michael, and he for me... it boggled my mind how he could still be best friends with someone like Brian. Actually still love him too... much like you loved Danny."

"I was able to love Danny the way he needed me because I love you." Lukas bent toward Ben's mouth, hovering an inch away. "And... I love you, because despite everything that pisses me off and frustrates me about you... I want the man inside. I want the real you." He reached out with one index finger and traced the shape of Ben's lips and on down his chin. "I think Michael's like that with Brian, if you looked close enough without blinders on. You may only see Brian's faults and fallacies, but Michael knows there's a good loving man in that gorgeous body that no one else sees." He could very well be talking about the man laying beneath him, but Ben would be oblivious to that.

"You came to Pittsburgh to take me back?" Ben let his hands slide down Lukas' naked body under the sheets, placing them over his tight backside.

"We were never really together for me to 'take you back', but I do want you in my life as I want to be in yours. Losing Danny shook me; losing a love like that breaks you down. I tried to come back to life, but I kept failing. Maybe Connor was right. But what my cancer diagnosis did for me was wake me up. My offer still stands, Jamie. I'll move back home... for you." Lukas placed a hand between their chests, sliding it down to reach Ben's groin. "I wanna be here to take care of you. I can't lose another minute making assumptions and missing out on something great I've always wondered about. I'll love you no matter if you want me here or not. It's really up to you."

"Luke, what about...?"

"My cancer? I'm okay. I've had some scares..." Lukas bent to kiss Ben's chest, sliding down his abdominal wall. "... but it was mostly due to my medications. I, uh... had to give up the sun. Became a vampire, of sorts. No more sunlight for Luke Harrison."

"That's why you gave up surfing?" Ben closed his eyes tight, filtering his fingers through Lukas' curls as he kept moving down his body.

"Artificial tans and sunburn in a bottle for me. Or..." Lukas inched back up Ben's naked form, stopping at the pillows. "... I could go pale, like Michael, if that's what turns you on." He chuckled when Ben tried to tickle him in the ribs. "Eh, eh... just a tease. No harm, no foul."

"Luke..." Ben brought up his bent arm to lay above his head on the pillows. "... I'm not even sure what Michael and I are anymore."

"You want me to find out?" Lukas watched Ben drop his eyes to his face. "Give me your camera and the video card from last night."

Ben raised up on his elbows. "Why? I promised them I wouldn't..."

Lukas put his fingers over Ben's mouth. "Now... you've got a conscience? Don't worry. I'm not gonna use it against them." He removed his hand to rub over Ben's skin. "Something tells me you haven't even looked at the footage. Nor do you want to." When Ben closed his eyes in self-imposed agony, Lukas knew he had his answer. "You need an outsider's objective view, because right now... you are so jaded over this issue... you'll fuckin' implode or drive yourself crazy."

"I don't hate Brian as much as people think."

"Good to know. Get dressed and bring the damn thing in here or I'll go find it myself." Lukas slid off Ben to let him get up.

"Okay... okay..." Ben grumbled as he rose off the bed, not really wanting to lose the warmth of Lukas' body on his. He moved around the darkened floor to find his clothes. "Let me find everything I wore in here and get dressed." As he found them, Ben dressed in the clothing as quickly as he could.

Lukas rolled out of bed too. He picked up the discarded flannel robe of Ben's and moved to search for his small carry-on bag. He had to take some medication. He took out two bottles, moving into the private bathroom. He shut the door only a little, simply because he didn't want Ben to barge in and be shocked at what he was doing. Or if he even cared enough to find out what he was doing. It was a few minutes later when he heard his name being bellowed.

"Luke?"

Lukas shut his eyes in pleasure. There was something about Ben's voice that hit a chord in him and made him smile, his heart racing a bit. "In here, Jamie!" He gripped the edges of the sink as he gulped down the water to wet his dry mouth. He swallowed the water. He took out the first bottle to dole out the three chemo pills he had to take. He popped them into his mouth, then drank the second cup of water. He eyed Ben as he wandered in, blue eyes back behind wire rimmed glasses and intense on his face. "I know... sexy, isn't it? I bet you look positively breathtaking downing your pills." He winked over a Ben, hoping for at least the crack of a smile, but all he got was a blank stare.

Ben left the door open, sliding up behind Lukas to gaze at their reflections in the mirror together. They were quite similar but such a contrast to one another. Ben brought up one hand, his right, to rest on Lukas' right hip. "Have you lost any of your hair, yet?" He turned to look at the beautiful, naturally blond curls and waves.

"Clumps sometimes." Lukas looked at Ben's mirror image rather than Ben standing by his side. "Now... it's only strands" He smirked, one side of his mouth raising in jest. "Your Mom wanted me to shave my head to beat out the middle man. I told her how much her son adored my curls and if she wanted to shave me she'd have to give me one of her Dolly Parton wigs..." He watched Ben break down in laughter. He started from a small chuckle, then let out the deepest laugh that Ben only reserved for him. "I know... I know... you're Mom can be a trip." Now he finally looked at Ben at his side. "You'd love her now. Your father's passing was the best thing that could have happened to her. She's even got herself a boyfriend." He started snickering and shaking his head, not really paying attention. He was trying to give Ben something positive from his mother. "She calls him her 'companion'... but I know what's up with them two." He winked, but then felt Ben's body try to hug him awkwardly, his chin hitting his shoulder joint. "What? What is it?" He was reaching for his second bottle of meds.

Ben rest his cheek on Lukas' shoulder, then trailed up his neck to his cheek. "Baby... I'm so sorry I wasn't there for you..." He kissed the skin with his lips, nuzzling the ear and curls.

Oh... God! Lukas felt like really fainting in Ben's arms. He never knew he could be that weak for someone's affection or attention. " Shit , Jamie... I 'm the coward, not you. You have nothing ..." He brought up his hand to soothe Ben's head over his shoulder. "... to feel guilty over." 

Ben kept his face in Lukas' hair. "I let you go after Danny's death. I kept my distance because I couldn't bear to see you suffer like that, over someone else that you loved. I wanted to be Danny. Be the man you loved who you'd sacrifice all that time for. Plus, I had backed out on meeting Danny so many times... I thought you hated me. Probably frustrated I didn't like him."

Lukas wrapped his arms around Ben's forearms about his waist. "It's okay. Not many people did. Danny was near to exact as you. The way HIV changed you, the way you are now and react to things in your life. He wanted a relationship with me on his terms. He had too many rules for me to stand. I only wanted to love him and be with him, but HIV kept coming between us. I nearly lost him twice before he really got sick. Then he... uhm... see..." He turned around in Ben's arms, blinking up at the questioning blue eyes. "... Danny was an ex-heroin user. He got infected by a shared dirty needle. The thing is... though he'd been clean for four years, he still craved it. Like it was part of his DNA make-up. Some heroin therapy is interesting. They'll give you small doses of the drug to ward off the physical pain it inflicts by not ever having it in your system again and also to 'ween' you off."

Ben nodded his head, rubbing over Lukas' back. "I think I've heard about them doing that for drastic cases. Danny was that bad? Did he slip up in Hawaii?"

Lukas nodded slowly, clearing his throat and leaning his hip on the sink. "He'd go to his therapy sessions, they'd give him his meds and he'd take them. Synthetic heroin, not the real stuff. He'd come back to me three different shades of human... all over the emotional spectrum. I'll admit it, I didn't understand his choice in dealing with his drug abuse. He told me it was the only way to curb his deeper hunger, and the only drug therapy that actually showed results with him. I went along with it, because he was the man I'd chosen to love... who aggressively loved and adored me... but then we'd have to deal with the HIV meds." He crossed his arms over his chest, eyes staring off in the distance. "He was such a beautiful man inside and out. A great conversationalist... bright, smart, funny... it fuckin' disgusted me to see what heroin turned him into. What it robbed me of."

"Being here, watching me these past two weeks must have been difficult. I'm sorry."

“Stop apologizing, Jamie.” Lukas cupped Ben's cheek, smoothing a thumb under his left eye. "You wouldn't have known unless I told you. Now, you do know. Let's leave it at that."

"Okay." Ben knew they weren't done with this conversation, at all.

Lukas gestured a hand over his shoulder into the bedroom. "Did you put the camera in there?" He shuffled away to enter the room.

"Yes. Video card's inside. I put it on the nightstand." Ben glanced at the two medicine bottles on the sink's shelf, just staring at what they meant to him now. He tried to gather his thoughts before he walked out of the bathroom. He shut the light off, coming into the bedroom to find Lukas completely nude and searching for his jeans.

Lukas slid into them one leg at a time, by sitting on the side of the bed. He stood up to tug them over his naked bottom when Ben came over to stop him in mid-action. "What?"

"Which one was it again?" Ben sat down, drawing Lukas with him, his eyes intent on looking at Lukas' testicles closely. It amazed him what they had done earlier, but Lukas never made it feel as if he were any different.

"Huh?" Lukas had only swiveled to look at Ben.

"I can't tell the difference."

Lukas looked down at himself, his smirk apparent. "You're not supposed to. The plastic surgeon gets called in to sew you up. Can't even see the scar where they cut me open..." Ben had put up a hand for Lukas to shut up. "Left... testicle, Jamie." He whispered quietly. He walked a little closer so Ben could inspect him. It wasn't the sexiest thing in the world, but he liked that Ben was intrigued enough to want to look for himself.

Ben grabbed them both, together. Then he felt the right one and the left one. "Amazing. They did a great job. Are you in any pain when you...?"

Lukas reached behind Ben's head to comb through the blond locks. "No, Jamie. I'm perfectly healed from the surgery. It was painful before, but not now. Now... I deal with the probability of cancer still in my body and the meds I take to prevent the disease from spreading."

"You... have completely humbled me." Ben shook his head and helped lift the material the rest of the way up Lukas' naked butt. "Here I am running away from you. The minute I'm diagnosed... you came to my side in a matter of days. You made me feel human and alive, like my old self again. I have failed you... too many times to count."

Lukas bent his knees and sank to the floor, in between Ben's legs. "It's what I do for those I love. I've always been that way. You're more than the man I love... you're family and my best friend." He set his arms about Ben's waist, looking up at the blue eyes smiling down at him. "This means I know you better than anyone. You run away from confrontation and emotional tragedy. I'm not blaming you for anything, because that's just who you are. I'm not even angry at you for not being there when Danny passed. I... wasn't a good man. In fact, I went into a serious depression. That was from six months of watching him die and taking care of him 24/7. I wished for God, or someone above, to take him, so I wouldn't have to watch him suffer one more day. Then when he did die... I was pissed."

Ben reached down to cup Lukas' head from under his chin. "You're so much more stronger than me. Why are you willing to stop everything in your life to be here with me? It'll be like Danny all over again. You're not a sadist, are you?"

Lukas raised one blond eyebrow in question. "I don't know, I might be." He slid up Ben's thighs, bumping chests. "I know what to do now. I made a little promise that if I made it past this cancer thing I'd no longer sit on my ass and let my life pass on by me. I'd grab it by its own 'balls' and I'd keep it rockin'-n-'rollin'. And... I'd rather be here with you than a thousand miles away in Maui." He nudged faces with Ben, over their lips. "I love you... I want to be by your side, if you'll have me..."

"Luke..." Ben leaned his brow on Lukas' cheek.

"I know... there's Michael to consider. I'm sorry. He is a great guy, but if I didn't want or need you as much as I do... I'd let him have you."

"Jesus... shut up!" Ben covered Lukas' mouth with his hand. He now leaned their foreheads together. "I can't believe I'm even considering this, but... I need some time. I know it's foolish to ask for this right now. If you can wait for me, I need to have some 'closure' with Michael."

"You want me to give you permission to go ahead with this last interview and then that foolish threesome idea?"

Ben covered his eyes with his hands. "God... in my head, it always sounds so reasonable. The minute it comes out of your mouth, the idea sounds so fuckin' insane... or irrational, like you said." He removed his hands, one eye looking directly at Lukas. "Why do you love me?"

"Because... you're complex and complicated like this... and you're about the only male friend I can stand for an hour or more. Uh... you're sexy... mad intelligent... oh, you look superb naked... your eyes..."

"Yeah, yeah... okay, okay... Luke..." Ben wanted really real answers.

"Uhm... I know you don't show a lot of emotion, but when you fuckin' do... I know you love with your whole heart. I want that for myself." Lukas brushed his stubble over Ben's smooth skin. "I felt that from you years ago and it fuckin' scared me because all I wanted was to fuck guys and get my rocks off. Not fall in love and want a boyfriend. I was attracted to you instantly. I knew if I had taken you to my bed I could walk away. But then... I got to know you and all that bullshit flew out the window."

"I did, too. I knew if we had sex that it would be over quick. But then... you weren't that bad of a guy to be with."

"You used to spar witty barbs with me."

"I still can. I choose not to now."

"Yeah... you grew up on me without me knowing.”

"You really were attracted to me?"

"Jamie... you've had the same body since college. Did you not catch me staring?"

"You stared with a glare to your eyes, like you found me lacking in any human qualities."

"Hmm... really?" Lukas stared off to the side in contemplation. "I thought I used my 'come hither' stare on you." He got up off his knees and reached for the camera on the nightstand. He sat on the bed, next to Ben to play with the buttons.

"No. I would have noticed that. I watched your eyes a lot. Always loved your eyes. Maybe your lips... and your hands..." Ben watched how much more interested Lukas was in the camera than him. "That's almost four hours of footage. You really don't feel like going back to sleep?"

Lukas glanced up, smiling broadly. "I don't have to get up, like some people. I'll sleep while you're at school."

"College."

"Still a fuckin' school, Jamie."

"The way you say it, you make it sound like I'm attending school. Like in the first grade."

"Jesus... it's a tone to my voice. Damn your ears are awful sensitive." Lukas now climbed in backward. He shuffled underneath the covers. He sat up high on the bed of pillows against the headboard.

Ben crawled in after him. He went to turn off the bedside lamp. He lay on his right side, facing Lukas. "If you don't mind, I'm gonna zone this out and sleep."

Lukas reached over to brush through Ben's hair on the pillow next to his arm. "Do you want me to go get some earphones or something?"

"Nah. If it starts to bother me, I'll leave or... put a pillow over my head to drown it out."

As Lukas pressed the PLAYBACK button to begin at the top of the four hours... he admitted he was pleased to be watching this footage without having to sneak behind Ben's back. He wasn't a pervert, wanting to salivate over Brian and Michael sex. All he wanted to do was discover exactly what Ben saw and tried to capture with his own eyes. More often than not, Ben did listen to Lukas, even if he moped while doing it.

By the first shot of Brian and Michael dancing in the middle of Brian's floor... Lukas knew he was in for something very rare, a glimpse of two people's lives. A close in-depth look into a long-standing relationship that bordered on romantic. Hmmm... sounded familiar to him. He was captivated by the second Brian harshly told Ben to turn the camera OFF, but Michael told Ben to leave it ON. The rest was unbelievably shocking and riveting, not to mention heart wrenching.

For those two men to go through so much to remain friends, defying all sense and logic. And to still manage to love and grow, mature into who they were today. Lukas was nearly in love with them as a couple too. They were mesmerizing together. Lukas had never laughed so hard in his life, during the "interviews". Of course since Ben was asleep, Lukas kept his loud chuckles inside, but the tears still fell out of his eyes.

When it came time to venture into the bedroom footage, Lukas felt almost as apprehensive as Michael did. Knowing what kind of position he'd been put in. He had almost told Michael (on screen) to lock himself in the bathroom and never come out. It seemed terrible to watch them feel like they were being forced to show their love... poked and prodded like lab rats. But realizing Michael had Brian there to walk him through, almost was the salve needed.

But then once Lukas watched the footage of them on the bed... he was enthralled for another reason. These two men looked like they belonged together, but someone had tripped them up early on their relationship and made them feel unworthy of one another. The way Brian took care of Michael, the way Michael saw through Brian's 'tough guy' exterior... they oddly complimented each other.

When the actual sex act began... Lukas felt in no way was he watching porn or that he was invading someone's private life. They were natural with one another, hence the naturalness to forget the camera was there. He didn't even feel like he was watching two gay guys fucking each others' brains out. These were two people in love making love. They were so good. If they had been a religion, Lukas would begin to worship on their altar. He did get a little uncomfortable under the sheets, but it was mostly because Ben had tried to mess with something this real... this special... this sacred. At the proper time, Lukas would read Ben the riot act for trying to screw around with perfection. He slid closer to Ben; Ben slid an arm over his lap, tucking his body to Lukas' side.

All in all, Lukas came away with one conclusion... Brian and Michael were a couple even without the sex. It was never about the sex between them. It was all that action, the subtle mannerisms and dialogue, that went on before the sex. No one else could even interfere with what they had once they truly got together. Lukas had no doubts that's what was going on now as he was laying here with Ben by his side.

Brian and Michael couldn't have ONE NIGHT, and one night alone. 

Ben was simply a time waster, gathering moss.

Lukas didn't doubt that if things hadn't been shifted like this... if he hadn't come to Pittsburgh; if Ben's job had run smoothly... Ben and Michael would have gone on with their relationship and possibly married or become more permanent. And the true tragedy would have been... destroying what Brian and Michael could have had as a couple... partners... best friends for life.

Lukas had no qualms about what he was going to do. He skipped back to a certain point in the footage, finding the moment at which the interview turned into the bedroom scene... and he began erasing the film. This would upset Ben and his Dad, for sure. This would also leave Ben with only the interview footage and what he could recall from the sex that night he might or might not have seen.

For some unknown reason, Lukas felt a kinship with those men, Brian and Michael. He felt a deep respect for them and their bond... their love and their affection for one another... completely understanding their fears and thoughts. No one would know but Lukas what really happened to the video card. He'd given Brian and Michael back their one night without them even knowing. And Ben could keep trying to forget images he probably couldn't bear to watch even when they were happening in front of him.

Lukas reached over Ben's form to place the camera back on the nightstand. If Ben woke up before him, he could take the thing with him as he left. He climbed back under the warm covers to snuggle his back to Ben's chest. He soon felt the strong, sleepy arms encircle him from behind.

"Done already?"

"Eh... fast forwarded through most of it."

"Liar." Ben muttered, kissing Lukas' nape and nuzzling his shoulder.

"Oh, well... whatever... went a lot quicker than you thought, Jamie. Some good footage though."

"You gonna sleep or talk my ear off all night?"

"Well, geez, the choice I really want isn't there. I'll choose sleep, I guess."

"Did they get you horny?"

"No... actually... they make me feel like loving you more. Strange, I know, but true." Lukas rolled over, kissed Ben soundly on the lips, then fell back into his original position.

"Mmmm... tell me about it in the morning..."

"Oh, sure. Maybe. If I'm awake."

"Lukas..."

"Yup.. sorry... shutting up now..." Lukas felt Ben bring his hand up to absently pet his chest hair, playing with the soft curls. Ben buried his face in his blond curls on top of his head and drifted off into sleep, warm breath on his neck. Lukas wasn't too far behind, wishing he had done this a lot sooner.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

The weirdness of the night started off with a kiss under the chains at the front entrance of Babylon.

Wasn't like they hadn't seen it done before, by the same two men. It was the sentiment behind the kiss. Normally it was one over the other. Honey-haired man bending low, stealing the breath from his dark-haired partner. Or the raven-haired man standing on his tip-toes to smooch his brown-haired companion. This time... was different. There was equal action and reaction. No dominance, just acceptance. Lips met lips, sending pulses of emotion through both mens' bodies, because their hands rubbed over each others' backs, down their flanks and over the backsides. This wasn't something they'd regularly do in front of Babylon's lowly nightlife.

What was weird was... Brian Kinney. They saw him, but he sure didn't look like the original. They knew it was the usual significant change that overtook him as he accompanied his best friend, Michael Novotny, around the club floor. But tonight... there was something subtly changed about not only one man, but the other too.

Brian didn't have his arm wrapped around his friend's neck, dangling down his arm, like usual. But, this time, his arm was secured tight about Michael's trim waist, catching on the jeans. And... dear god those jeans... whew! Though they had seen better days, they certainly gave Michael the right advantage he'd need to score tonight, if he wanted. Even Michael carried himself differently. Gone was the skittering nerves, the easy smile and the doe-soft brown eyes that continually wanted to be your "friend".

Nope... tonight... Brian and Michael were certainly gonna put on a show for their audience like they'd never seen. The regular patrons who knew of both men were riveted and captivated by the powerful stance both took as not only their own person, but one anothers' mate.

And what the fuck was up with the hand-holding? If they weren't holding hands, they're hands were on each others' waists or hips. If they weren't on each others' waists or hips, they were lost in the back of their hair, over the napes and down their backs. Sometimes they slipped their hands over the rears and into pockets. When the audience of the evening saw the hands disappearing up under clothing... they sighed in contentment. 

They stayed at the bar for longer than usual, mostly soaking up the presence of being at Babylon and picking the right time to step out to the dance floor. They even seemed strange at the bar counter. Men were bumping into them, trying to distract them from one another, but no one was successful. Especially when those once soft brown eyes fiercely glared at random men to keep away from Brian. Brian would tame the "beast within" and kiss away Michael's fears, which would turn into some serious tongue play that made some people stop... and stare.

When they finally decided to enter the dance floor, it was by a simple gesture of Brian Kinney's head... and then Michael Novotny agreed... taking his best friend's hand. They didn't walk one behind the other, always side-by-side. They didn't do their normal choice of position, center of the floor. They stood on the edge, bodies close... arms loosely around one another... dancing in sync. Where usually the hazel eyes would wander to seek out eventual prey... this time he brought his prey with him. At certain points, Brian would lower his head, making it look as if predator was caught. He raised his arms, locking the biceps around Michael's neck, meshing foreheads and never breaking apart from his companion.

Hands touching, caressing... tickling and exploring. Michael looked at Brian and appeared trapped between lust and love. Love was certainly forefront, the way he coaxed Brian to lift his eyes to look at him. Gone was the hesitant kiss and touch, replaced by strong grips and kisses that proclaimed possession.

They'd been perfecting the same moves for years. This strange shift in their dynamic forced them to notice that their comfort level was being tested. Not that they tried to hide things, but that their steps and moves now were clear, more determined and purposeful, slow and never-ending. They found themselves slow dancing to fast songs. Whatever Babylon's DJs considered "slow songs", they moved as if they were still, swaying hips with arms dangling off one anothers' body.

When the multi-colored strobes and the dancing spotlights weren't illuminating them, darkness took over. That's when they sought each others' carnal desires, when they kissed deeper, tongues lapping and dueling... mouths ferociously tasting, bodies molding... and hands groping. They would draw away too late some moments, allowing people to realize... this wasn't their normal routine.

Something was wrong. Brian Kinney hadn't left the dance floor since he arrived. They had moved to dead center of the floor, surrounded by a nonchalant, adoring public. Brian hadn't even abandoned Michael once to go exploring. Bodies were on alert mode, a bit unnerved to see something so constant change in an instant. They were closely watching, although cleverly disguised in a fake "Nah, I really don't care" mode.

But one pair of eyes did care, a little too much. Sharp baby blues stared in amazement as he watched the scene unfold. Not that he couldn't believe it, he always knew it was inevitable. The ticking timebomb ready to explode at anytime. If asked, Justin Taylor could never really say why he didn't want Michael to have Brian. Could be because after years of being in the closet he'd been teased and ridiculed, bashed/battered and left for dead, he had enough. He hated weakness... his father taught him that well. Mostly in himself, but he hated it immensely in others.

Though Michael was the older of them, Justin still found Michael weak, childish and a bit on the peculiarly dim-witted side. At times, he was defenseless and not an ounce of manliness to spare. So Justin chose to pick on Michael... simply because he could.

Tonight would be no exception.

The minute the blond twink climbed down from the balcony and made his way to the dance floor, he never knew a series of protective eyes had been watching his every move. That they had even tirelessly watched him all those nights before. The way he "pretended" to bump into the dancing couple... breaking their momentum and causing them to split apart for the rest of the evening. It used to be fun, watching this blond twink keep bringing Brian Kinney back into his clutches. Now... it was sad, pathetic. It was played-out, old and tired. For the last few months, maybe more, they'd seen those sorrow-filled dark brown eyes of Michael Novotny all too many times... to let it happen just once more...

Tonight would be the exception.

~~TBC...