In The River, On The Rocks
by yellowjacket66

They get passionate in the river, with an audience.

I will never forget the second time my husband, then boyfriend, and I made love.

We were both at the university and had been going together for two months. I had let him fuck me the previous weekend in his room. It was wonderful. Neither of us was a virgin but the buildup to our first fuck had been intense. I was in love with him and he was saying the same about loving me. I believed him, of course, but had no doubt whatsoever about him wanting my body. We made love twice that first night and he felt wonderful inside me. We almost just stayed there and skipped class the next day. We were so hot for each other.

The following Saturday, we went to a river that is nearby with some friends. There was a beach along the riverbank and it was a favorite hangout for college kids to drink and party. We'd been there before. This time, three other couples were with us, including my best-friend Lilly and her boyfriend Rich along with two other couples we knew. We drank a good bit and smoked some pot. All of us were high and having a great time. The place was not crowded, but there were at least a dozen other people there, nearly all paired off as couples.

What started things off was when Drew suggested we walk down the river to a place where there was a small waterfall. It was difficult to get there by land, so we just walked in the river. We were both wearing sneakers, shorts and t-shirts. I had skipped wearing as bra to please and tease Drew by letting him see my titties poking out. I gave the other guys a show too but I was not alone; most of the girls were similarly dressed and some wore bikini tops or halters. The thing the guys would do was get our tops wet so the girls' tits were visible. It was like a wet t-shirt contest. We were all screwing our boyfriends anyway but giving a public show was titillating (a good word when talking about showing your tits}.

Drew and I walked to the waterfall and were splashing water at each other as we stepped through the rocks in the river. The cool water was typically about a foot deep as it cascaded among the rocks. It was a nice sunny day with the temperature in the 80s.

We were splashing and wrestling a little when Drew grabbed me around the waist and pulled me into him for a kiss. He ran his hands up under my shirt on my back and continued to pull the t-shirt higher. I was hot for him and let him continue until he pulled it up over my head. He did the same with his shirt and we were kissing topless in the middle of the river. Our friends were about fifty yards away. We didn't care if they were watching or not. We were kissing and holding each other with his leg pushed up between my legs. That was making me hotter. I ran my hands into Drew's shorts and felt his bare ass. They must've unsnapped because they fell down his legs. I pulled his undershorts down too, exposing his ass to the sunlight. His semi-hard cock flopped against my stomach.

I dropped to my knees and pulled his pants to his ankles and then took his cock in my mouth. I had sucked his cock a couple of times, but this was different. I was doing it in public, in broad daylight and I very badly wanted to suck him off. Even though others were watching we were solely focused only on each other. His cock was rock-hard despite the cool water from the river. I was getting better at relaxing my throat to deep throat his cock and I took him deeper than ever before. He gasped as I sucked his cock, pumping my head back-and-forth.

He suddenly dropped to his knees and began to kiss me. He leaned me back in the water, against some rocks. He grabbed the waist of my shorts and pulled them and my panties down my legs and off my feet. My shoes came off with them so I was totally naked in the rushing water. Drew pushed up against me and I knew he wanted to put his cock in me. I wanted it too. I wanted him to make love to me. I wanted him to fuck me right there and then. When his cock slid into me, it was like heaven. I still remember what it felt like in the cool water. The water was rushing around our bodies as we held each other. His cock pumped in and out of me. He was right on top of me, looking into my eyes. He said he loved me as he pushed his prick into me between my outspread legs. We had both forgotten about our audience that was a few yards away and we didn't care anyway. We were so hot for each other that nothing could stop us from what we were doing. It wasn't long before Drew shot his come into me and I soaked his cock with my juices. We stayed joined together for a few moments while I came down from my sexual high. We sat in the cool water. He kissed me again and we looked around for our clothes.

His shoes were on his feet and his shorts were at his ankles. I was not so fortunate. There was no sign of any of my clothes in the immediate area. His shirt was gone as well. I sat there while Drew looked around. He did find my shoes a few yards away, but it seemed that the current had taken our clothes farther downstream probably over the waterfall. I put my shoes on and started to walk after him, trying to retrieve my clothes. He found my shorts, but nothing else. I was wading naked in the stream. We both began to laugh at our predicament and the cheers and calls from our friends. I decided to give up on chasing my t-shirt in the river and turned to walk back up stream to where our friends and a number of other people were partying. Most were watching us. I just raised my arms, showing my pussy and my bare breasts to everyone. I was in love and didn't care who saw me naked after fucking my lover.

Drew caught up to me and helped me pull my shorts back on. I was still topless and my nipples were rock-hard from the cool river water. He kissed me again and put his arm around me. The group was cheering and applauding as we walked among them. My friend Lilly made her boyfriend give me his shirt to cover myself. Drew and I both took a drink of vodka and then we posed for a few photos. When Lilly asked me to pose topless again, I looked at Drew who nodded.

The photo of me beside him topless is in our personal photo album. We look at it and I admire how nice my tits looked back then. Drew still loves my tits despite their sagging as I have gotten older. I look at the photo too and remember making love in the river with all those people watching. It still gets my juices flowing and I jump my husband whenever we look at it together.

