An annoying metallic sound dragged Jonathan from a pleasant doze, and he swatted at it in annoyance. "Martha," he mumbled. "Get the phone."

No response. Jonathan fumbled about for her on the bed, then pried his eyes open. No Martha. Well, damn. He spied a piece of paper and snatched it up.

Dear Snore-King,

"Oh, that is rich, coming from you, lady." Jonathan made a rude noise, holding the note in one hand and groping for the phone with the other.

I'm running over to see Pamela for a few minutes. Stay in bed. Or else. Failure to follow these instructions will result in immediate initiation of broom protocol…

Jonathan was laughing when he answered the phone. "Hello?"

A mix of harsh breathing and eerie whimpering echoed across the line.

Jonathan felt the hairs on the back of his neck go up. "Who is this?"

"Who. Is. This." The words were sighed into something that ended in a faint moan. Thoroughly unnerved, Jonathan started to hang up, but froze as the voice spoke again. "Jonathan?"

Jonathan struggled to identify the voice. He hadn't heard it in years. "Eddie?"

"Punk fucking killed me, Jonathan. Punk fucking buried me under my own wood pile." Rattling breaths punctuated every word.

Jonathan sat bolt upright on the bed. "What? Eddie, is this your idea of a joke? It's not fucking funny!"

"Not. Fucking. Funny." The breathing came louder, sharper, like little cries of pain.

"Damn it, Eddie, knock it off. What do you want?"

Sudden silence. "I want to talk to Clark, Mr. Kent."

Jonathan blinked. The voice was young, and as unlike that of Eddie Cole as it was possible to be. It was also a voice he knew. "Whitney?"

"I need to talk to Clark."

"I don't appreciate the joke, son," Jonathan said sharply. "What's going on? You and Clark should both be in class right now."

"Clark can get him there. Clark can make him stop this. Stop this."

"I'm hanging up, now."

"I'm sorry. Tell him I'm sorry. About the scarecrowing. Tell him he has to help—" A loud curse thundered across the line, cutting Whitney off and making Jonathan jump as the connection went dead.

"Jesus," Jonathan breathed. It was official. The comic book had just turned into the Twilight Zone.

***

"He did what?"

Martha sighed. "Pamela, don't get yourself worked up. Dr. Weiss will—"

"Screw Dr. Weiss!" As if on cue, Teskey opened the door and peered inside, scowling. "Out! Out! Out now if you want to live!" Teskey rolled her eyes and, after a stern look at Martha, retreated, leaving the door open behind her.

Martha sat down on the side of the bed, taking one of Pamela's frighteningly thin hands in her own. "Just calm down. He didn't touch me. He just—"

"Tried! Damn it, I knew you should have borrowed Clark's tazer."

"I did throw my glass of wine in his face."

Pamela snorted, visibly calming and leaning back against her pillows. "Use of materials at hand. Eli will be proud of you. Now, tell me, precisely what were you talking about when he suddenly found you irresistible?"

Martha restrained a shudder. "Would you please not put it that way? And does Eli have to know?"

"How else do you expect Lionel Luthor to be skinned alive?"

"Pamela."

Pamela sobered. "If Jonathan doesn't hear about someone receiving satisfaction, he's likely to try to get some himself."

Martha felt her stomach plummet. Jonathan. Oh, Jonathan would…

"Don't worry," Pamela said gently. "Eli will handle this, Martha. Jonathan will be all right. Now, tell me."

"I asked him where his scans of the photos were," Martha said slowly, trying to remember. "He said he never made any. I told him I didn't believe him, that…" Martha drew a sharp breath. "The lab."

"Which lab? With all these mad scientists mucking about, there must be dozens between here and Metropolis."

"Lex's particle accelerator lab. The one Lionel and the clone can't get into. I think he wants that lab more than anything."

"Maybe not more than anything," Pamela said thoughtfully. "But it's a chunk of LuthorCorp resources he can't either use or liquidate. It's possible there's something in there that he wants more than the lab itself, and that has to twist his knickers. Well done, Martha."

"Well done? All I did was get myself sexually harassed." Martha suppressed a desire for another shower, and resolved to ask Eli for her own tazer.

"No. You found a soft spot. And you ascertained that the clone stole all Lionel's negatives."

"I ascertained that Lionel says the clone stole his negatives. Really, Pamela, I don't think Boudicca would be singing songs of victory over this."

"Boudicca takes her singing when she can get it. As far as—" 

The sound of a door closing at the end of the hall made both women pause; Martha blinked as a familiar blur streaked past the door. "Clark!"

A muffled mumble of dismay was audible from the hallway, and Martha strode to the door. Clark, cutting classes? This day was spiraling into the septic tank. "Just what do you think you're doing here, young—" She broke off the moment she set her eyes on her delinquent son. "Clark, what's wrong?" She held out her arms, and Clark shuffled the distance between them to bury himself in her embrace.

"Mom." 

Tired. And scared. Martha wrapped her arms around him tightly. "Sweetheart, what is it? Did something happen at school?"

Clark grated a little laugh. "Yeah. But that's not… It's Lex, Mom. He's so…"

"Get in here," Pamela said very gently. "Come in and sit down, Clark."

"I have to get to school."

"School's over," Martha said soothingly, firmly squelching the panic rising in her at the lost look on Clark's face. "I'll write you a note on Monday."

"Chloe's meeting with the mayor and…Mr. Luthor. I promised to be there."

"Then you'll be a little late," Martha said in her firmest tone, feeling less firm than she'd felt in the past decade. She guided Clark inside and forced him into Lex's chair by the bed. Perching on the bed beside him, she could feel Pamela's sharp eyes taking in every detail.

"We're going to talk," Pamela said in a voice that made Martha tighten her grip on her son's arm. "Martha, please close the door and lock it. I don't want that Belfast gargoyle in here telling me about nap time."

Martha swallowed and obeyed, wondering if this was what she sounded like when Clark was in danger. Probably. In fact, she flattered herself that she could be scarier.

"Now," Pamela said as Martha sat down again, "You are going to tell us about Alexander. The no-secrets rule is in full effect. Am I right, Martha?"

"Yes." Martha tried to keep her voice gentle; Clark looked unnerved enough. "We're worried about him, Clark. If you know something that could help him, tell us."

"I don't know what will help," Clark muttered.

"Then tell us everything, and we'll figure it out."

Clark swallowed visibly, his gaze darting to Pamela and back to his mother. "I promised him—"

"Clark, you're going to have to decide which is more important: your promise or his well-being. Make it fast, because he's in real trouble." Pamela caught Clark's gaze and held it.

"How…how do you—"

"Please. Do you think I don't know when Alexander is coming unglued? I suspected it was Beelzebub's daily manifestations, but—"

"It's not just Mr. Luthor." Clark swallowed again, then forged ahead. "It's Julian."

Pamela's eyes widened; she leaned forward. "Julian?"

Martha frowned. "Lex's little brother?"

Pamela shot her a surprised look. "You remember Julian?"

"I remember the birth announcement, and the funeral. God, poor Lillian. What a horrible tragedy. What could Julian have to do with—"

"Lex says…he says he thinks he killed Julian." Clark's voice was barely audible.

The silence in Pamela's room was so profound that Martha could hear the normally silent Siobhan Teskey pacing the hall outside. Pamela looked like chiseled marble, pale and still.

"And he's never... Never going to forgive me for telling you." Clark's voice gave out.

"That… That is impossible," Martha said harshly. "Impossible. Why in God's name would he think—"

Pamela held up a shaking hand. "Because someone made him believe it. Ancient Luthor family history, Martha, and I'll tell you everything you need to know. But for now—"

"Lex loved Julian." Clark's voice was thick. "I mean, so much. But he gets more and more sure this happened and I don't know why."

"When did this start, Clark?" Martha put an arm around his shoulders.

"When he started having those meetings with his father," Clark said, venom creeping into his tone. "It has to be him. It has to be."

"Either Jonathan or I have sat in on these meetings, every single one," Martha said firmly to Pamela. "Julian has never…ohhh."

"So much for never," Pamela said grimly.

"Lionel asked Lex if he remembered his brother. It was a bizarre question, but I assumed he was talking about Lucas. One of his jabs, to keep Lex off-balance. I never thought of Julian."

"It would seem Lionel is once again baring his fangs."

"It doesn't seem like enough to convince Lex that he's a murderer, Pamela."

"Don't underestimate Lionel's powers of manipulation, Martha." Pamela shot her a look that made Martha's face go hot.

"I don't. I just…I don't think it's enough. Clark. Was there anything else? Something else around the same time?"

Clark shrugged. "He spent a lot of time going over the stuff from his dad's files, and Karloff's. And the laptops. He's spent hours on those, especially Karloff's." Clark's eyes widened. "Oh. Oh, damn, I nearly forgot." He began rummaging in his backpack.

Pamela leaned back, stretching. "I love these uneventful days, Martha, don't you? Just enough diversion between brunch and tea-time to stave off the monotony."

Martha scowled at her. "Boudicca would not approve of sarcasm in this situation, Pamela."

"Bull. Boudicca had her chariot decorated with sarcasm, along with the severed heads of her fallen foes. It was her favorite motif."

"Here." Clark pulled a white envelope from his backpack. "I can't believe I forgot. So much has happened today…"

Martha took the envelope. "Negatives?" It took a moment for the significance to dawn on her. "The negatives? Did Lex find them in—"

"Not Lex. Karloff. He cut us off on the way to school this morning and gave them to me. A peace offering, he said."

Martha stared wordlessly from Clark to Pamela.

"Then, I, uh, punched him in the face."

Pamela burst into laughter.

"Do not encourage him!" Martha fought to keep a straight face. "Clark, I know you were provoked, but violence—"

"I knew I liked this boy. I knew I liked him the minute I laid eyes on him," Pamela wheezed. She snagged the oxygen mask and took a few breaths.

"Are you all right?" Clark leaned toward her anxiously.

Pamela gave him a dismissive wave. "Fine, fine. Don't fuss. Martha, what's that written on the flap?"

Martha turned the envelope around and eyed the combination of letters and numbers, puzzled.

"Oh, that's the password to Karloff's personal files," Clark said, unaccountably flushing. "He said… He said it was important for me to read them. So that I'd know who Lex really is." Clark rolled his eyes. "Like I don't know."

Martha raised her eyes to Pamela's. "And Lex has been reading these personal files?"

"Oh, sure. He broke those codes weeks ago. Lex can hack anything."

Pamela slowly removed the oxygen mask from her face, nodding. "All right. We may be dealing with another two-pronged offensive here."

"Looks like it," Martha said softly.

"We need to do something," Clark said. Martha restrained a wince at the desperation in his tone. "Lex is having nightmares. I mean, really bad. We need to do something now."

"Lionel speaks the language of nightmares," Pamela said evenly. "We need to take that weapon away from him."

"Yeah." Clark let out the breath he'd been holding. "I've never hated anybody before. Not even Karloff. I mean…I don't know what to call how I feel about Karloff. But I hate Mr. Luthor. I hate him and I'm not sorry." He shot a defiant glance at his mother, but Martha felt ill-equipped to rebuke him.

If Pamela was shocked, she sure as hell didn't show it. "Don't be sorry. Just don't let it rule you. You have to keep a clear head. For Alexander."

"I don't know if I can do that."

"You can," Pamela said gently, "If you remember that you love Alexander more than you hate Lionel."

Martha was surprised to find herself smiling.

Clark managed a faint smile, too. "Yeah. Okay."

"It's time to pull one of Lionel's teeth, Martha."

"Pliers?"

"Dynamite."

"Can't we just stop the meetings?"

"You've had exactly how much luck with that?"

Martha sighed. "None."

"Neither have I. And Eli doesn't think he will, either. So, Clark, I want you to listen to me very carefully. I want you to remember every word I say. Write it down if you have to."

Clark swallowed. "I don't need to."

Pamela leaned forward, eyes glinting. "Then listen. Tomorrow morning, when he shows up for his status meeting? I have a message for you to deliver to Lionel Luthor."

***

"A school?" Pete hadn't thought anybody could get that purple, but Asshole Senior was setting new records in pissed-off.

"School. Community center. Clinic. Youth hostel. Whatever you want to call it." Chloe glanced up from her notes to meet Lionel's eyes without so much as a blink, and Pete sighed. 

The girl was gone. She was a white knight charging the dragon, and nothing was going to stop her until the dragon tail-whipped her back into reality. And Clark obviously wasn't going to be any help. He hadn't even bothered to show up, which was a bad sign in more ways than one. Pete tried not to imagine Clark making goo-goo eyes at his "sick friend," let alone any of the other I'm-so-in-love-with-a-size-eleven-asshole behavior he knew must be going on. It was enough to make a guy puke up his meatloaf.

Mayor Tate shifted nervously in his chair. "I'm sure you have all the good intentions in the world, Chloe, but we mustn't take advantage of Mr. Luthor's generosity. This…school would be enormously expensive to build, let alone operate, and Mr. Luthor has already—"

"Mr. Luthor's partner is very enthusiastic about the idea," Chloe cut in without a glance in Tate's direction. "He suggests the house on Beresford Lane would make a fine school."

Aw, shit. Shit! Asshole Junior just had to stick his two cents in. Like Lionel was going to take that lying down. Yeah, he'd just gone from purple to some kind fuscia deal; he laid his hands palms down on the conference room table as if there were somewhere else he'd like to put them. Probably around Lex's neck. "The house on Beresford Lane is the Luthor ancestral home." Pete gave him points for not shouting. "It is not available."

"These kids need someplace to go." Chloe's voice was low, but it had the undivided attention at everyone at the table. "Most of them are afraid to tell their parents, especially after what happened to Eric. They're scared of what's happening to them. They think they're alone. They need guidance and medical help and…legal protection."

"Legal protection?" Lionel's voice was sharp.

"There are a lot of people who would try to exploit kids like these." Chloe turned her head to stare at Lionel. "They're human beings, Mr. Luthor. They shouldn't have to worry about winding up in a lab somewhere."

Tate leaned back in his chair with an exasperated expression. "There can't be more than a handful of—"

"A handful of kidnappings and false imprisonments are too many."

Pete kicked Chloe's shin under the table. Dude. Did they have to take on the entire political power structure of Smallville at once? Couldn't they ease into it? Maybe start with the Justice of the Peace and work up? Chloe crossed her legs, pulling her shins out of firing range.

"Over forty kids have contacted me privately since my article was published." Chloe narrowed her eyes at Tate. "Given the fact that the majority of the radiation victims are probably too scared to tell anyone, that puts my estimate in the neighborhood of several hundred county-wide."

Tate went white. "Hundreds? Of those freaks?"

Ooh, mistake, considering the father of one of those freaks was sitting at the head of the table. Lionel fixed his icy stare on Tate, but before he could speak, Pete found himself opening his mouth. "Hey! Those freaks are somebody's kids, Mr. Tate. Maybe even yours. And they got that way because the government of Smallville—" Pete paused to take a breath, wondering what the hell he was doing, and where the fuck Pete Ross was, anyway, Greenland? 

"Testify, Pete," Chloe murmured, studying her notes intently.

Pete launched back into it. "—was incompetent and negligent and didn't do anything to warn us or to remove all these goddamn radioactive rocks. Oh, I see a lot of lawsuits, Mr. Tate. In fact, I see a big-ass multi-million dollar class action suit. My dad is going to have more cases than he knows what to do with." Pete stopped, horrified. Chloe Sullivan had created a monster, and he was it. He lowered his head to his hands, sighing. Still. Pete Ross was the only person who was allowed to say "freak" within a ten-mile radius of Clark Kent without getting his head kicked, and Pete had every intention of defending his perks. 

"Personally," Chloe continued archly, "I see a lot of criminal prosecutions, unless this situation is handled very carefully. Now that the feds are involved—"

"Crawling all over the county in radiation suits," Tate snapped. "Yes, calling in the EPA has done Smallville so much good. Everyone is terrified!"

"Everyone should be terrified," Chloe snapped. She knew no fear, even of Lionel Luthor's pet mayor, which proved without a doubt that she was from Planet Mental. "We've been living in a radioactive hotspot for over a decade. We have no idea what other damage has been done."

"Amazing that these radiation levels were never detected before." Lionel was almost smirking. Almost. "One would think that a simple soil analysis must have been commissioned by someone in the vicinity in the past ten years. The results never reached your office, Mr. Tate?"

Tate's eyes widened. Like a man who'd just had a ladder pulled out from under him. Pete grimaced. Well, if you climb into bed with Lionel Luthor, God only knew what you'd crawl out with. Especially if you whomped on the hairless apparent. "I can't speak to what my predecessors did or didn't receive," Tate stammered. "But I certainly never saw such a report."

"Is that a fact," Lionel murmured, leaning back in his chair. "Well. The cleanup of the plant waste is well in hand, and I'm certain that the EPA will remove the meteorites in their usual efficient manner. It will be several years before the area is completely clear."

"At least it's been classified a hazardous material." Chloe glanced up at Lionel, her expression unreadable. "That should make it harder to transport the stuff."

Lionel gave her a benign smile that made Pete's skin crawl. "Miss Sullivan. A determined and resourceful man can always find ways to circumvent such restrictions."

"Why the hell would anyone want radioactive rocks?" Tate was at the end of his patience. "We're not talking weapons grade plutonium here, Chloe. Now don't misunderstand me. You and Pete and Clark have done this town a great service by bringing these problems to our attention. But let's not let our imaginations or our ambitions run away with us, hmm?"

"I'll discuss your proposal for a school with my partner." Lionel snapped his briefcase closed and rose. 

Tate hastily followed suit. "Mr. Luthor, you've done so much already. The kids are just a little overenthusiastic. It's not necessary—"

"I think it's a fine idea." Lionel stared at the man, stone-faced. "Not all the freaks of Smallville are fortunate enough to be my son. Provisions should be made."

Tate's expression turned to horror. "Mr. Luthor, I certainly didn't mean to imply that your son—"

"Good afternoon." Lionel yanked open the door and strode down the corridor toward the front door of Smallville High, ignoring the stares of the few stray students who had stayed after school. Tate followed him, babbling incoherent apologies.

"Well," Chloe said in an acerbic tone. "Looks like that honeymoon is over."

Pete snorted as he tilted his chair back and propped up his feet on the table. "And they were such a pretty couple, too." He caught sight of Clark in the hallway, watching Lionel and Tate disappear down the hall. "Well, look who bothered to show up."

"Sorry," Clark said quietly. He entered the conference room and approached the table.

"Don't sorry me. Sorry the principal when he gives you ten years of detention for skipping three classes." Pete leaned back in his chair, noting Clark's disheveled appearance. Jesus Christ. Again? How horny could a guy get? "How's your sick friend, Romeo?"

Clark sighed and sat down at the head of the table. "She's bad today."

Pete felt his face going hot. "Shit. I didn't mean—"

"And so is Lex. I don't know how much more he can take."

"How bad is bad?" Chloe asked softly.

Clark stared at the table. "She's stopped eating."

"Damn," Pete muttered. He knew what that meant. "Sorry, man."

"Yeah." Clark turned his head sharply toward the door, frowning. "Me, too."

"Yeah, here they are." Pete swung around to see Whitney Fordman leaning against the doorjamb. Aw, Jesus. He really needed this. Not. Lana was at Whitney's elbow, looking distinctly uncomfortable. "The bitch, the fag and the nigger. The fucking heroes of Smallville."

"Don't use words you can't spell, Fordman," Pete advised him, noting Lana's shocked expression.

"Get out." Clark's voice had a raw edge as he rose to his feet. He needed this even less than Pete did, and Pete could feel disaster coming at them like an extraterrestrial freight train.

"I'm sorry." Lana sounded almost breathless. "I'm sorry. He doesn't mean it. He's going through a lot right now—"

"Are you going to make me get out, faggot?" Pete almost laughed as Whitney swaggered into the room. Seeing this dickwad try to take Clark, especially today, would be so fucking educational he couldn't stand it. Looking at the arrogant sneer on Whitney's face, Pete considered the remote possibility that Lex Luthor was not the biggest asshole on the planet.

Chloe regarded Whitney with a disgusted expression. "What the hell have you been sniffing? Go home, Whitney."

"I'll make you get out." Clark strode around the conference table like a man with a mission, and Pete pulled his feet from the table and rose hastily.

"Whoa. Clark, don't do anything stupid."

"You don't have the entire defensive line with you this time." Clark planted himself in front of Whitney. "Apologize to Pete and Chloe and get out."

"Whitney. You're not thinking straight." Lana's voice was shaking. "Just go."

Whitney ignored her. "Apologize? I don't think so. That bastard has been stalking my girlfriend."

Lana's eyes widened; obviously this was the first news she'd had of her status as stalking victim. "Stalking?"

Pete sighed. "We've been over this before, Einstein. I haven't stalked. Lana hasn't been stalked. There is no stalking going on here, okay?" He briefly wished that he had stalked Lana, if he were going to get beaten up for it anyway. "Exactly how long did it take you to get this stupid?"

Whitney lunged toward Pete, but with one hand Clark shoved him back with force enough to make Whitney stagger, his eyes wide with surprise. 

"Like I said," Clark said quietly. "You're on your own this time."

"This time?" Chloe's voice was sharp.

"You keep your damn hands off my girl, Ross. There are still a few good old boys around here who'd love an old-fashioned lynch—"

Clark punched him. Right on his Aryan nose. By the time Pete made it around the table and arrived at Clark's side, Whitney was holding his bleeding nose and cursing.

"You seem to know a lot about lynching." Clark's voice was like ice.

"You should have died in that field, scarecrow," Whitney snarled. "I wish you had."

Jesus Christ. Clark had been scarecrowed. Whitney had scarecrowed Clark, and Clark hadn't said a damn thing. The boy had zero life management skills. Zero. 

"Hell, I wish you'd died when you crashed. You should have died then, you should have died, you fucking freak."

Pete found himself surging toward Whitney, itching to land just one punch, but Clark dragged him back. Pete opened his mouth to protest, but fell dumb as he caught sight of the knife in Whitney's hand.

A silence fell that was broken only by the sound of Chloe's chair toppling over as she sprang to her feet, by the sound of Lana's books falling to the floor.

"Not so tough now, huh?" God, he looked like some kind of monster, with blood smeared all over his twisted face. Pete felt Clark inching in front of him.

"Whitney." Lana's voice was faint, but she was coming towards them. "For God's sake, put that away. Don't make things worse than they already are."

Whitney shot her a wild glance. "Worse? Things can't get worse. They can't. He's in here all the time; and sometimes they're here together and sometimes I can't remember my days or my nights. I've lost it all, and now this nig—"

"Say that again and I'll hang you up in Reilly field." Clark meant it, Jesus, he really meant it, and that was even scarier than Whitney's knife.

"Go for it." Whitney sprang forward, knife raised awkwardly in front of him. Clark shoved Pete behind him hard enough to land him on his ass, and as he landed, Pete saw something like a gray streak appear out of nowhere to strike the back of Whitney's knees with the handle of a garden spade. Whitney yelped and fell to his knees, where the gray streak solidified at his side. Eli pressed his fingers mercilessly into the inside of Whitney's wrist. Whitney gasped as the knife fell from his useless fingers to the floor.

Eli bent close, studying Whitney's face. "When I was five years old, a man like you took my father away," he said in a matter-of-fact tone. "The next time I saw him he was lying dead in the street with all my friends' fathers. I have met many such men since. I have killed them all."

Whitney was white-faced and shaking, his eyes wide.

"It is foolish to brandish a weapon one does not know how to use, Mr. Fordman. It is even more foolish to do so under the influence of alcohol. You will go to the nurse. You will tell her that you drank too much gin and fell down the stairs face-first, like the idiot that you are. And you will remember that I know you."

Eli released Whitney's wrist, and Whitney staggered to his feet and toward the door, passing Lana as if she didn't exist. "Go with him," Eli said.

Lana backed away with obvious reluctance. If she was in any way frightened by Eli's behavior, she didn't show it. "He's not himself. He didn't mean any of that. He's…he's been drinking a lot. I'm so sorry."

Clark gave Pete a hand up, and Pete brushed off his pants. Psycho jocks. Like flying saucers and mad scientists weren't enough; he had to have psycho jocks, too. "It's not your fault, Lana."

"Pete. I'm…I'm not that kind of girl, either."

Pete looked up, surprised. "I know that."

Lana let out a little breath, as if she had been holding it. "Good. That's good." She turned and hurried after Whitney, leaving her books lying on the floor.

"Well," Chloe said finally. She sounded like she had been holding her breath. "Are we having fun now?" She moved around the table to join them, stuffing her papers into her backpack.

Clark sighed. "Thanks, Eli."

Eli picked up Whitney's hunting knife and examined it with palpable contempt. "This weapon has no balance, no finesse. It was made by barbarians. To kill rodents, perhaps. Or to chop kindling."

Clark glanced upward briefly. "Are we going to critique the attempted murder now?"

"I should be ashamed to be seen with such a thing."

"Well, then I guess it's a good thing it wasn't you trying to kill me this time," Pete growled. "Wouldn't want you to be embarrassed or anything."

"Pete," Chloe hissed. "For God's sake."

"I should never offer you such an insult, Mr. Ross," Eli said calmly. "I should employ a garrote. It has the advantage of silencing the target instantly." Pete made a rude noise as Eli dropped the unacceptable weapon into his backpack. "Come. It is time to put some distance between yourself and the young man who talks of dying in fields."

"And crashing in fields," Chloe said softly. "Clark, how—"

"I don't know." Clark was too pale.

Pete snorted. "Uh-huh. Do you know what scarecrow means? Because I think that's something we all need to hear."

Eli grimaced as he shepherded them through the door into the empty hall. "We need not discuss Smallville's barbaric traditions. I have heard all I need to hear on this subject from Alexander."

"He told you," Clark sighed wearily. "Great." He turned to lead the way to the exit.

"More secrets," Chloe said in a disgusted tone. "Don't you ever learn anything, Clark?"

"No. I'm brain dead."

"Oh, now he gets it. Good timing, dumb-ass." Pete regarded Clark sourly.

Clark shot him a tired look over his shoulder that shut Pete up. You knew things were bad when Clark looked like that. His voice was barely above a murmur. "I don't know what's going on with Whitney. I can't think about that now. I've got to get back to the house to see if Lex is awake yet. Leaving him alone's not a good idea."

Pete blinked as they emerged from the building into the bright afternoon sun, following Eli and Clark toward the parking lot. Chloe brought up the rear, muttering under her breath.

Clark gave her a glance over his shoulder. "He's…he's in bad shape, Eli."

"He is Alexander. He would be in something else?"

"There's something going on you don't know about."

Eli glanced heavenward. "He is Alexander."

"It's serious, Eli." Clark hesitated. "It's about Julian."

Eli came to a dead halt. When he turned to look at Clark, Pete took an involuntary step backward. Lugosi looked like he was about to go for his gun. Damn, this guy was scary. Even when you knew he was on your side, he was still scary as hell. "Do not say anything else."

Chloe piped up in a voice as close to meek as was possible for Chloe Sullivan, Teen Crusader. "Who's Julian?" And got no answer, of course. Well, you couldn't expect Lugosi to tell you anything. With Lugosi it was need-to-know, and nobody ever needed to know. 

Clark kept right on talking as if Chloe hadn't said a word. "We have to do something, Eli. He's going to do something crazy if we don't."

Pete cleared his throat. Maybe Clark wouldn't answer Chloe, but he sure as hell was going to answer him, or there was going to be major spaceboy ass kicked. "Clark. Who the hell is Julian?"

"I will do something," Eli snarled, walking so quickly that Pete had trouble keeping up. "I will remind Lionel Luthor that I know him as well." 

***

Dear Lex,

Sorry I wasn't there when you woke up. I have to go to that meeting with the Mayor and your father, if I can make it in time – I fell asleep a few minutes after you did. I'll be right back after it's over. Don't even think about getting out of that bed. I'm bringing blueberry pie.

Lex started laughing, leaning back against the pillows. A love letter from Clark Kent. It just didn't get any better than this.

I love you. I don't care how trite and hackneyed it is. I love you more than anything. I trust you more than anything. I really hope you're starting to get this concept, mastermind.

"I get it, Jiminy," Lex murmured.

I know there's more you haven't told me. Tell me when you're ready. I can wait.

Lex couldn't help flinching.

Because I'm going to get old with you. You asked me once if that was a proposal. I guess it was, because I'll never want anyone else but you.

Lex drew one shaking hand over the scrawled words. Clark needed to work on his penmanship. Clark needed to… God, he needed Clark.

But you're still not getting diamonds. Just get that idea out of your head now. Or roses. I have to draw the line somewhere. Maybe I could do tulips. I've done that before. You did know those were really for you, right?

"For me?" Lex stared at the paper. It had obviously been torn out of one of Clark's notebooks and the words written at Clark's top speed. The script staggered across the page at a preposterous angle, crossing the lines at every opportunity. There was some sort of silly doodle in the upper left corner, full of spirals and triangles and shapes of unknown origin or meaning, no doubt signifying a Clark Kent bored to tears in an AP Chemistry class where he already knew more than the teacher, thanks to Lex's tutoring. There were tiny ink blots all over it, as if the pen had protested being pushed past the established speed limit. It was a ghastly specimen. 

It was beyond price.

You probably didn't. I really didn't, either, until a lot later. See? I haven't told you everything either. But you already know what a dork I am, so I figured I might as well tell you. God, it's easier to write this stuff than it is to say it.

Maybe it was. Lex forced himself to breathe. Maybe Lex Luthor should be doing a little writing of his own.

So anyway – stay in the bed. Rest up, because I swear to God you're going to need all your strength. And no masterminding. The phone is going to be turned off. Tonight is just us. Like normal boyfriends, okay? There are no threats, no measures, no launch sites. Just us.

Lex closed his eyes and tried to imagine what constituted being normal boyfriends in Clark's world. Walking down the street holding hands? Making out in the back row of the movie theater? Dancing the last slow dance at the Spring Formal? Probably. Clark's ideas concerning romance were absurdly enchanting. He opened his eyes to finish reading.

Try to sleep a little more.

After reading this? The lunatic had to be kidding.

And I promise I'll be there when you wake up.

Clark

P.S. You're drooling again.

Laughing, Lex carefully laid the letter on his chest and held it there, looking up at the stars. He would consult the internet for some way to preserve it for a thousand years. Ten thousand. And then he would order some tulips.