Holly's Croupier Strip
byallaboutthetease漏

The last time my lady friend Holly took her clothes off in public was as part of a private function evening at a local social club. Although it had been planned between her and my mate Rob, who was the compare for the evening, it was played out as though she was doing it on the spur of the moment as a sort of fill in for a stripper who hadn't turned up for the party. She always wanted to do it and everyone had a great time including me because we satisfied our sexual urges after her performance with a shag in her dressing room.

The next time she took her clothes off would be a little different. She was still a willing participant but the guys who were watching would be under the impression she was doing reluctantly.

Holly was working as a secretary for a decorating firm when she "performed" last time, which was around 6 weeks back. It was coincidental because the whole premise of her undressing was based on her being a secretary at the club who was persuaded to strip for a group of company employees (not her company). She was out of work at the time of the next adventure so the money would come in handy with the added bonus and excitement of removing her clothes in front of a lot of horny guys again.

The story started while I was having a friendly drink one night in the local pub with my mate Rob, the comedian/compare. Rob mentioned to me that he was still trying to get Holly to do professionally paid striptease on a regular basis but she always seemed reluctant, only preferring to do it under special arrangements like before under the assumption that it was unplanned. He mentioned that he had been asked to do an evening job as part of a casino night which took place after a sales meeting for a group of betting shop employees, around 20 of them. At the end of a day's meeting they would have a meal in the hotel then go to a specially set up room which had a roulette table, black jack table and a crap table. It would be loosely based on Las Vegas casino as they were all in the gambling trade.

Rob had suggested to the director of the company that Holly would be there, but in a capacity as a croupier, not an "entertainer". She'd be getting paid by the company but maybe a few extra gratuities would come her way as well. Rob would tell a few jokes before they started to play the tables, then one guy, who had been primed of what was to come, would suggest making a few special bets which involved Holly. The fun thing about it would be that only this individual would know about the bets, not even Holly or Rob. She knew she would eventually be getting her kit off but wouldn't know how it would be worked into the evening. After Rob had done his comedy spot Holly would arrive and work as the croupier on the black jack table, Rob the roulette and I'd do the dice. She once worked in a casino so she had some experience of black jack which meant she would look like she knew what she was doing. At some point in the evening the guy, Greg was his name, would suggest a different kind of betting game in which Holly would be the main participant.聽

The Gambling Evening The meeting was held on a Friday so no one had to worry about getting up early for work the next day. They could all leave for their respective homes after breakfast the next morning. The meeting finished around 6 o'clock and the guys went back to their hotel rooms, showered, changed and had their meal in the hotel restaurant. At around 8.30 Rob entered the restaurant and introduced himself to the group. He made small talk for minutes before asking them to join him in a back room where the gambling tables were set up. They came into the room which was quite plush, nice thick carpets, a bar, TV screen, roulette table, black jack table and for some reason a flip chart. I was there with Holly and Rob introduced us and explained to everyone that I was there as the manager of the agency who had supplied Rob and Holly for the evening. This was a lie of course but I had to wangle my way in some way to be able to see Holly disrobe later. Holly was dressed smartly but sexily in what I suppose could pass for a croupiers uniform in the fact that she wore one of those tight waistcoats that are considered to be part of the ensemble. Not exactly what you'd see in a Vegas casino, or even Blackpool for that matter, but it was certainly not obvious that she had dressed with the intention of taking off her clothes for our entertainment. Under the waistcoat she was wearing a long sleeved pink satin blouse which was buttoned to the top. Her black skirt was a tight fit and my guess was it was also satin, although I'm not expert, but it certainly had that look. Her gorgeous legs were covered in a glossy hose which was dark, possibly barely black and maybe a 10 denier appearance. Her ensemble was completed by a pair of high shiny black stilettos. No one in the room would guess that she had purposely come here tonight with the intention of performing a striptease for the lucky gents. Holly and I were busy setting up the gaming tables while the guys all sat down at the various lounge tables that were set around the room. I saw a few of them cast appreciative glances towards Holly but no more than that. When everyone was seated and supplied with drink Rob launched into his comedy spot. After around 20 minutes of jokes, a few risqu茅 ones and several anecdotes he declared it was time to, as he put it, get down to some serious gambling. He basically let everyone choose which particular game they wanted to play and it was around an even split between the three games. At this stage in the evenings proceedings only Greg knew the plan for getting Holly out of her croupiers outfit, not even Holly. So it was going to be surprise to all of us. Of course, all the other guys were totally unaware of how we would be finishing the evening off so it would be an extra special treat for them. All three games started with small amounts of betting in chip form. This carried on for a while until a few guys who had been luckier than others decided to up the ante a bit and started to increase the stakes. Holly was working professionally throughout and giving no hint of what she may be doing later. Obviously some of the guys flirted a little with her although there were a few mildly suggestive comments during the black jack games, nothing more than you'd hear in a pub bar on a Saturday night and no one went too far. After about an hour Holly said she would stand down at the table for a short while to take a breather and the games on the other two tables carried on. She left the room to pop to the ladies and when she returned she took a complimentary glass of wine from behind the bar and sat down in one of the armchairs at the side of the room. By the time she had finished her wine it was about 25 minutes since she'd closed the black jack game. She announced that she would be starting up again if there were any guys who wished to try their luck again. She was also getting a little curious as to when she was going to get the opportunity to offer the more exciting services she was looking forward to delivering. It had been well over an hour and a half since everyone had been playing the gambling tables and she thought it was rather a long time to be waiting to get down to the real entertainment. She was still unsure in what situation she would be persuaded to undress for these gentlemen. She didn't have long to wait. Holly's announcement that the black jack table would be opening again was the opportunity Greg had been waiting for. Greg stepped away from the roulette table where he had been winning on a regular basis and stood in the middle of the room holding up a couple of handfuls of betting chips. "Ok lads" he said. "I don't know about you but I've had my fill of roulette for this evening, I have won a fair bit of cash tonight but I'm prepared to offer all my winnings up to gamble on some more interesting wagers" Most of the guys looked intrigued but slightly puzzled. He gestured towards Holly. "What if we ask our lovely hostess here a few questions about herself we could have a few little wagers on what she answers" Holly knew this was the cue for what was to come. She looked at Greg in a way that indicated she was unsure what he meant and then gave an expression of puzzlement. There was a general approval that hummed around the room and several guys nodded their approval, even though they weren't 100% sure what Greg had in mind. I got the impression they were quite prepared to go along with it as it involved the lovely lady who had been dealing the cards to them for the last hour or so.

"OK, that's settled then" said Greg.

"Excuse me". Holly piped up. "Do I have a say in this?. What sort of questions are you intending to ask?"

"Let me see" said Greg. "I've got a little list somewhere for just that I've been working on just in case things got a bit dull this evening".

He fumbled in his trouser pocket. "Ah, here it is". He scanned it for a few moments and smiled a cheeky grin. "Do I get to see it?" said Holly. "Wouldn't that spoil the fun?" said Greg. "Just be sure, that they are questions only you know the answers to, and all the guys here will be more than pleased to find out". Rob then butted in to the conversation. He obviously knew where this was leading much to his delight, but of course he had to be seen to be on Holly's side as he was the so called organiser of the party. "Come on lads, is this really fair to Holly. She's been working hard all night and now you want her to get involved with something that seems a little dubious if you don't mind me saying?" "Well, I understand you sticking up for her mate, but there are only a few simple questions. What harm can it do?" Said Greg. "I'm a bit uneasy why you won't let anyone see the questions" said Rob. "Wouldn't it be polite to let the lady decide for herself?" said Greg. He looked at Holly as if for confirmation. "I suppose it would be OK as long as the questions aren't too personal" said Holly. "What about I ask one then my dear, and see how we go from there?" Greg suggested. "OK then. One question and then I can see if I want to go on" said Holly. "What do I do now?" "Well, I'll stand ready at the flip chart and ask a question. Then the guys shout out what they think you'll answer, I write their suggestions on the chart and they put their money where their mouths are by betting on what you'll say, the winner of the kitty is the one who guess's right". Greg explained. "If the guys want to gather round in a semi circle, sit down where they can, you can stand in front of them". Greg moved and stood by the board, pen in hand. The guys all positioned themselves to Greg's left, some in chairs, some standing, and Holly stood in front of them so Greg was to her left, at an angle. "OK" said Greg, "If we are all ready, here is the first question". He held up the small note in front of his face. "This one is not normally something you should ask a lady, but here goes". I was sure most of the questions would be of the same nature. Greg continued "Holly, if you would be so kind and not too embarrassed, I would like the gentlemen to guess your age". Holly looked mildly shocked but half expecting something a bit more intrusive. "Well, it's a taboo subject for most ladies but I don't mind this time" She said.

She knew this was the beginning of the time during the evening which would eventually lead to her being asked to remove various items of her outfit but the first question didn't suggest what was to come. "Before you answer my dear, I need the guys to give me their guesses". Greg pointed out. Greg scribbled out the question on the flip chart then waited pen in hand for the predictions. "OK, let's hear what you think guys" Greg said. "But before you do, Holly could you please take 拢5 from every man. The closest to your age wins the lot". The group of men then proceeded to tell him their estimates at the lovely lady's age. Greg wrote them down. The estimates ranged from 23 to 30 with most in between. 27 seemed to the most popular as 6 of the guys guessed it. Greg surveyed the answers on the pad. "Well we have quite a few different guesses don't we, I wonder who is going to win the dosh?" He looked at Holly questioningly. "Holly, would you like to tell the gentlemen who wins the money?" Holly put her hand on her chin in a thoughtful pose. "Not one of you has the right answer gentlemen, but I thank you from the bottom of my heart for all of you thinking I was as young as you've said, but I'm actually 36". She told them. A chorus of disbelief went round the room. Slightly mocking comments such as "I never would have guessed" and "you look fantastic for 36". "As no-one actually guessed Holly's age correctly I think we should do a roll over" Said Greg. "Holly, are you up for another question if the guys add to the pot?" "Well, I'm not sure" said Holly. "The first question was pretty personal, although you did all guess much lower than my actual age which was very sweet of you. How can I be sure that the next question is appropriate too?" "I suppose you'll just have to let us know what you think of it when I ask it?" said Greg. "I suppose you're right" said Holly. "OK, then" said Greg, "I was going to ask you your vital statistics, and like most men, what is of most interest is the first measurement. I was going to ask in a slightly different way but first I need to confirm if you are wearing a bra?" "This is getting a bit naughty" said Holly, "But I don't see any harm really. As you'd no doubt expect I was anyway. You can probably tell from the way my blouse looks. So the answer to your question is yes, I am wearing a bra". "That's good" said Greg. "OK, for the next bet I'd like the guys to guess the exact measurement and cup size". "Getting very cheeky aren't you?" said Holly. "You think I'm going to give you the answer then do you?" "Well, if all these guys are gonna stake up some money, they'll need to know" said Greg. "I tell you what, let's see how much cash we get for the guesses and the guys can donate part of the pot to you to do with what you wish. You know a deserving charity or buy yourself a new dress or handbag"? "That sounds like a more attractive offer" said Holly. "As long as I have the final say when the money's collected". "OK" said Greg. "That sounds fair. OK guys; let's see the colour of your money". With that the men in the room dug into their wallets again and handed over their contributions to the pot to Greg. In total there was 拢150. "拢150 my dear" Greg informed Holly. "If we say 拢75 to you and the rest to the winner, how does that sound?" "I think I would be prepared to divulge the size of my bra for 拢75 gentlemen" said Holly.

Greg then asked the guys for their guesses and wrote them down on the flip chart while Holly looked on with some amusement at what these men estimated to be basically the size of her tits! "Well Holly, we have a few differences in the cup size but only 3 for the actual measurement" announced Greg. "Would you be as kind as to tell us who is closest?" Holly stood in front of the chart and bent forward to study the list a little more closely. As she did the audience had a rather nice view of her tight skirt clinging to perfectly rounded derriere. Like me I'm sure most of the guys watching were wondering what delights lay beneath the tight black garment. Holly pointed to a number on the chart and announced that one particular chap had guessed both dimensions correctly. "This one is the winner, its Mike" She said. "My measurements are 36D". Mike stood up and Greg gave him his winnings from which Mike happily handed over 拢75 to the lovely Holly. A muffled round of applause was given to Mike. He sat down again and Greg turned to Holly who was still standing by the chart. "Well now Holly, that wasn't too embarrassing, was it"? Greg asked her. "You've made a nice little sum there". "I suppose not" said Holly. "How would you like to make a whole lot more?" he asked "It depends on what I have to do" she answered. "Just keep on answering questions really" Greg explained. "What sort of questions?" she replied. "Well... questions of a more personal nature" said Greg. "How much more personal can you get? You've asked a lady her age and now her boob size" said Holly. "I can think of a few more that would interest the guys" said Greg with a cheeky grin.聽

"How about some questions about your outfit?"

"What's wrong with my outfit?" Holly said questioningly. "Nothing at all my dear" said Greg. "It's just we'd like to know more about it".

"How much do you want to know?" "You can see what I'm wearing" Holly said.

"Forgive me if I'm wrong my dear, but we can't see everything you're wearing" Said Greg.

Holly looked slightly embarrassed and shocked.聽

"Whatever are you suggesting? She asked Greg.

"I'm suggesting, if you are willing to participate for even greater sums of cash, that my colleagues may like to place a few more slightly daring wagers" he said.

"Not sure if I like the way this is going, how daring do you mean?" asked the lovely Holly.

"Well, why don't I suggest another bet and you see if you are prepared to go along with it?" said Greg. "And if I don't?" she replied.

"Then we all carry on playing black jack or roulette and have a lot less fun" said Greg.

Holly though for a moment about the possibility of revealing, at least verbally, aspects of her outfit and then though about making what could be a tidy sum of money on the side.

"OK, I'll give it a go, but only if the money's right and in an effort to make the evening more enjoyable" she said.

"That's the best news I've heard all week" said Greg. "I'm sure this party will get a lot more interesting. OK let's see where we can go from here". He took a step back from Holly and looked her up and down.

"I've heard a few of the guys making some very complimentary comments about your lovely legs. I've seen them point to them and whisper things to each other. I wonder what they're whispering about?" he said to Holly.

"I'm sure I wouldn't have a clue" said Holly with a wry smile on her face.

"I think I can guess" said Greg. "They must be commenting on the exquisite shimmer that your hosiery is making, do you agree?" "Well I suppose they might be" said Holly "They do have this sort hi-gloss appearance. I prefer this type and they look really pretty" "I think they'd like to know more, don't you?" he asked. "Like what?" said Holly

"Well I'm sure we'd all like to know what's causing the lovely glossy appearance. In other words are you a lady that prefers to go for the practicality of tights or... the easiness of hold ups. Or, fingers crossed, stockings and suspenders?"

"You weren't kidding when you said more personal questions were you?" said Holly. "Do you really expect me to tell you what I have on under my skirt?"

"If you want to tell us what you have on then I don't think anyone here will object" said Greg. "I thought we were only actually talking about a bit of nylon aren't we, or were you offering more?" he said with a cheeky grin.聽

"No I only meant my...my..." she hesitated, trying to be a little careful not to divulge too much about the nature of her sexy leg adornment. "My hosiery, nothing else" She deliberately put on a flustered look but secretly enjoying the sexy conversation.

"Well if we can persuade you to tell us about all things nylon, then maybe there are other things we'd like to bet on" said Greg. "Isn't it worth it for a few quid? All you'll have to do is say which you prefer, no one will know if you're telling the truth"

"But that's it isn't it?" she replied, "No one will know, I could say anything"

"You wouldn't you really tease us like that. I'm sure you'd tell the truth wouldn't you?" said Greg. "Just let the guys have their guesses and see where we go from there, yes?" he asked Holly. "OK, I suppose so" she replied.


With that Greg asked the men to offer their suggestions of what sort of leg wear was adorning Holly's gorgeous pins. Greg started to write down the guesses on the flip chart. Out of the 15 guesses 2 said tights, 10 said hold ups and the remaining 3 plumped for suspenders and stockings.

Greg then turned to Holly, hand on hips "Well, my dear, are you going to let us know which of these lucky guys have guessed correctly?" he asked her. Holly started to blush. "Your cheeks appear to be a little flushed my dear" Grey said to her. "Why could that be?" Holly put her hands to her face in an attempt to cover her reddening cheeks. It had been a good plan not to tell her precisely how the events would enfold, because it made her act in a more innocent manner and made things more arousing for her audience.

"It's just the thought that some of you are correct. I knew some of you would be of course, but it makes it more real now that I have to tell you" explained Holly.

"You did agree to tell us as I recall my dear" said Greg.

"I know, I know" said Holly shyly.

"Well?" said Greg聽

"OK, OK" she said. "If I just say then that 3 of you guessed right, is that enough for you?"

Holly's sexy declaration was followed by most of the guys making gestures of approval to each other and a few mildly lewd whispered comments because now we all knew how she was dressed beneath her satin skirt, or at least part of her attire.

Greg looked at Holly's increasingly flushed face.

"It's very nice for you to tell us my dear, and certainly a thrill to find out" He told her.

Holly blushed even redder.

"Not surprisingly we took a healthy sum for that particular question chaps, and I'm sure you won't object if our lovely hostess has her fair share" said Greg. With that he handed Holly a few of 拢20 notes. He paid some cash to the 3 guys who had won the bet and put another wad into an envelope on the side by the flip chart.聽

"That's for later" he said, but didn't explain what he meant by that. "You guys still have plenty of dosh left?" he asked his fellow workers. Nods and answers in the affirmative came back.聽

"Plenty left love, anything else we can bet on?" said a middle aged guy sitting at the front. Greg turned to Holly. "Well sweetheart, Mike here wants to know if there's anything we can bet on. Anything you would like to suggest for a bit of extra cash?" "I can't think of anything else" said Holly in a demure fashion trying to appear as though she really meant it.

"Are you sure my dear, I think the guys could come up with a few things?" Greg questioned. "I don't what you mean" she said rather coyly, with a hint of knowing exactly what they mean. "I don't what else I can possibly think of that you can bet on."聽

Greg looked Holly up and down in a way that said I know what we'd like to bet on. Then he appeared to be focusing his gaze towards Holly's lovely rounded bottom which was beautifully encased in her very close fitting skirt.聽

"I think we're all proper gentlemen to be too suggestive my dear, but really, you can't think of anything else we place bets on?" said Greg.

"No I can't, honestly" she replied. "OK, maybe I need to give some gentle hints to help you along" he explained.

"Let's see. So far you've been very obliging in what you've divulged so far. Your age, which I think everybody, was pleasantly surprised at. Your vital statistics, well at least the best part of them. Also that you're a lady who like to dress somewhat provocatively in regard to certain items of clothing that us guys would not normally see. Do you agree with me so far?" he asked her.

"Yes, I suppose so" replied Holly. "OK then, with reference to the said items, we were banking on that there may be there may be other things you're hiding from us under here?" he probed. He reached out and lightly tugged on the side of her skirt.

Holly pulled the skirt away from his probing fingers and took a step away before putting her hand to her mouth in mocking shock.聽

"I wasn't expecting you to say something like that" she said.

"I sure you weren't my dear, but do we presume correctly?" he enquired suggestively.

"Sorry" replied Holly, with a puzzled look, genuinely not understanding the way Greg had phrased the question. "Let me put it another way" he started, "You're wearing something else under there besides the garment that's holding up your stockings?"

'Oh, I see" she sighed.聽

"I wondered what you meant when you said 'other things'".

So you do know what I'm talking about then, you're not just teasing us?"

Holly then started to put on a bit more of butter wouldn't melt in her mouth innocence act. "Well, I suppose you think I might be wearing a petticoat" said Holly.

"A petticoat?" questioned Greg聽

"Isn't that something old ladies wear" he asked.聽

"I am an old lady" Holly joked.

"36 isn't old. You'd pass for 25" shouted a guy from the group.

Greg decided to play along with Holly's innocent act.

"Can we bet on the petticoat then dear?" he asked.

"I didn't say I was wearing one, I just thought you wanted to know if I am" she replied.

"Well a petticoat wasn't the first thing that came to mind" he told her. "You're just teasing girl aren't you?" "No, of course not" she said a little coyly. "I thought that is what you meant".

"Really?" said Greg. "You're the only one in the room who did then cos I'm sure these gentlemen weren't thinking about that" he replied. Holly looked puzzled but I could tell it was faked. She knew exactly what they were referring to but kept up the pretence a little longer.

"Not a petticoat?" she asked

"No" replied Greg adamantly. Trying to appear annoyed but not succeeding.

"What then?" she asked, with a knowing smile.

"Now I know you're just playing with us" said Greg.

"Yes please" shouted Mike from the group聽

"Enough of the smut" said Greg

Greg sat down on a chair a few feet away from Holly and looked at her.

"It's like this my dear. When I enquired about something else you might have on under here" he started. He again lightly tugged at the hem of Holly's skirt. This time she didn't pull away.

"We were referring to an item of clothing that most ladies wear underneath their skirts, considerably smaller than petticoats. Forgive me if I wrong guys, but what most men have fantasies about being described by the wearer"聽

Greg's tone was more than suggestive which left Holly in doubt what he was talking about. She slid her hands down over her waist to her hips and held her fingers loosely on the sides of her skirt where her panties would be. Then she pressed her fingertips into the front of her skirt just below the waistband precisely where they were. She looked down at her hands. "You mean these?" she said.

"So you are wearing something?" he asked obviously knowing the answer.

"Of course" replied Holly "What sort of girl do you think I am"?

"One that's eager to please and willing to go along with the next bet" said Greg.

"Can't think of what you can bet on, I've already told you I have something on, so all bets are off". She said. "Oh I don't think so my dear" said Greg.

"All you've told us is what we guessed already. There's certainly one thing that I can think of that we'd like to have a flutter on".

He turned to the group as if to confirm their agreement. Lots of affirmative comments came back.

Holly knew what they were getting at. She knows that there's one glaring question men want to know about the item in question, but she decided to keep up the innocent act for a little longer.

"What do you mean?" she probed.

Greg knew she was teasing everyone on purpose so he played along too.

"OK, so let's see, we both know the article of clothing we are talking about, yes?" he asked.聽

"I think we do" she said nodding her head.

"Good. Now, if they thought they could get away with it, what question would any red blooded male dare to ask a lady about that particular piece of clothing?"聽

Holly knew the answer, and her expression proved to everyone they knew she did but once again she teased them by playfully raising her forefinger to her lips.

"Oh, I give up, I think you're going to have to tell me" she said.

I think this was the first time most of the group realised she was willing to be as naughty as they hoped she would be. "If that's want you want then, at the risk of getting my face slapped, here goes" he told her. "My dear the next bet is..............to guess what colour knickers are you wearing?"

Holly raised her hands to her face in an extravagant display of mock astonishment. "Boys, boys" she exclaimed. "What a question to ask a lady. Don't you know there are some things a lady likes to keep private?"

"I'm sure there are" said Greg. "But you did sort of force it out of me" he replied.

"I know, I know" said Holly, still playing the surprised little girl role. "But really, I don't know. What a thing to say to a lady"

Greg held his hands up as if to emphasise what he'd already said to her.聽

He then took the bull by the horns. "In the spirit of keeping the fun going, I think we should all write our guesses down, put your name by your suggestion, and then our lovely lady can decide if she really does want to enlighten us as to the shade, or shades, of her intimate attire". He told them.

The expression on Holly's face suggested she could only agree to it.

"Alright alright, I suppose there's no harm in you all trying to guess. It could be quite fun to hear what you think I'm wearing under here". She said.

As she said it she pointed with both forefingers aimed straight at the point on the front of her skirt where her panties sat hidden enticingly beneath her skirt.

"OK, guys, you heard the lady. The question is....and I'm sure there isn't one of you who hasn't thought about it. What colour knickers does she have on"?

Greg passed a piece of A4 paper to the nearest guy, and he scribble down his guess, then passed it on. Holly stood there watching and smiling to herself , wondering what all these men were thinking as the sheet was passed from one guy to the next. When the last of them had written down their prediction he handed back to Greg. He read out the various guesses.聽

"OK, let see what you all think, you load of perverts. 2 of you think she is wearing black knickers, 4 say white, very virginal. We have 4 suggestions that she might be wearing a pink pair and yet another 4 again say Holly chose to put on a blue pair today. One strange person says they are orange with green spots. Who knows, he might be right. Who am I to second guess a woman?"

Greg looked at Holly. "There you are. The chaps have all had a guess. I think this means you are obliged to tell who has won the bet?" A knowing smile appeared on Holly's lips. She placed a finger on her chin in a deliberate attempt to tease and look provocative. "Let me see" she said taking the slip of paper from Greg's hand.

"2 of you think I have something on that matches my skirt. One of you thinks I still wear the type of knickers that I might have worn when I was still in junior school. Orange with green spots, how silly, I'm not that off the wall, what have you been drinking?" "Apart from that gentleman, I notice you've all guessed that they're one colour. Didn't you think there may be two colours, or even more?"

"They've all seen a few pairs in their time, so they realise that being such a classy lady you may like to wear, shall we say, decorative lingerie" Greg answered.聽

"But I think they were just voting on the main colour. I think you're just teasing us aren't you, or are you deliberately delaying telling us?" He told her.

"No, of course not" Holly replied demurely.

"I suppose it's natural to go for a single colour isn't it?"聽

"I must say it's very flattering but also a little embarrassing to think all you lovely gentlemen are so interested in what I choose to wear under my uniform, I've never been asked that question at any other casino before"

"It's a topic that has fascinated us guys for years my dear" said Greg. "Are you going to tell us, or are we going to have die of curiosity?"

"We all have to die of something" She laughed.聽

"I suppose I shouldn't keep you in suspense like this, it's naughty of me".聽

She then grabbed a chair and placed it in front of the group and sat down and slowly crossed her legs, making sure her skirt did not ride up and reveal any of the delights hidden underneath. She wasn't about to give anyone a peek before she was ready.

She continued "Gentlemen, I am happy to tell you that...." she smoothed her skirt down very deliberately and provocatively taking time to linger over the precise area where her panties would be, more or less outlining the shape of them around her hips. "Here.... the colour that is most prominent on the tiny garment beneath my skirt ......" she paused again. "Has been guessed correctly by four of you clever boys".

Greg looked thoughtful for a moment. "Hang on a minute!" he exclaimed. "That means you they could be any one of three different colours".聽

"You're teasing us again aren't you, you naughty girl?"

"Am I?" she asked, knowing full well she was.

"You're driving us poor guys crazy, have pity on us, if we don't find out soon, I think we may have to find out for ourselves". Greg announced.

"Really?" said Holly.聽

"And how would you do that?"

"I'm sure the guys would think of a way" Greg replied.

Holly looked shocked and disgusted but it was all an act. She was secretly hoping one of the guys would grab her, lift her skirt up and put her knickers on display to everyone.

"Now I don't want you guys to get any ideas" She said. "There are ways of letting you know without the need for any unnecessary behaviour"

"And what ways are those?" said Greg.

"Well" said Holly, "I could just put you out of your misery and tell you."

"About time too" said Greg.

Holly replied "Or I could think of a more interesting way"

"Such as?" replied Greg in excited anticipation.

She stood up from the chair and moved it to one side. She then proceeded to turn around so she had her back to the group. She bent forward a little which made her bottom stick out. She put her right hand on her hip just above the waistband of her skirt and slowly slid it around brushing the small of her back through her blouse before it finally came to rest above the zip. She straightened her back and felt for the zips small metal slider. Once she located it she lifted it delicately with her thumb and forefinger. She provocatively played with it, flipping it up and down but without pulling at it, resisting the urge to undo the zip.

"You can see this skirt is very tight. Its part of a new croupier's uniform. I haven't worn it before, it may be a bit tricky, and I can't really see what I'm doing but...." she paused for maximum effect. All the guys had shifted forward in their seats when Holly had turned around. It was the first time they'd seen her properly from the rear and it was a delightful sight.聽

She continued. "I suppose I could try my best to tug at this a little bit" she wiggled the slider again. "And....if I move my hand gently downwards the zip will slowly unfasten and the two pieces of my skirt will gradually separate. That way you might then be able to get an answer to your cheeky question"聽

Some of the guys were now visibly drooling and more than one or two had visible signs of stiffness in their crotch region. Not that I was looking, but it was becoming rather obvious considering the view and the enticing language from Holly.聽

"Then only problem is... I am kind of worried that because the skirt is so tight it might be difficult to do it on my own. I don't want to break the zip. This outfit is on hire and I'd have to pay for any damages" she explained.

"You could just pull it up love" One guy called out, followed by a chorus of approval from the rest. "But I can't you see" Holly continued "It's even too tight to do that. The only way is to unzip it. What about if I give a go and see how far I can get the zip down. If it looks like I'm having trouble I'll let you know. Is that alright with you fellas?"

Again, the response was loud in the affirmative. "OK here goes" she said, taking hold of the slider again.聽

She purposely bent forward again. She really didn't need to because it would be easier to undo the zip if she stood up straighter, but it enhanced her gorgeously rounded bum to full effect. She played with the tiny metal clasp and gave a gentle tug and the whole room heard that sexy sound that is exciting to any red blooded male of a ladies zip is being engaged down signalling the imminent removal of a dress or a skirt. She drew the zip down about an inch, and although it seemed to be working fine she abruptly stopped its southward movement. Her enraptured audience who were holding their breath in anticipation then gave a huge collective sigh of disappointment. "No I don't think I can do it myself without getting it stuck and damaging the zip" She told them. "I can't reach behind and still do it properly, the skirt is too tight" "What do we do now then?" said Greg "You're going to have to resort to plan A and just tell us"

"But that wouldn't nearly as much fun as plan C" she told him.

"Plan C?" Greg questioned

"Yes, plan C" she said聽

"Where I ask one of you gentlemen to help me"

"But you said you can't reach round to pull it down, how's that going to help?" said Greg.

"Oh, I was thinking whoever volunteers can unzip me all the way down not just this tricky bit at the top" she explained.

With that statement from Holly, every one of the gentlemen in the room voiced their willingness to volunteer, and loudly. Well nearly every one.

Holly took a step back in mock surprise.聽

"My my so many volunteers" she said looking at the eager faces of the horny group in front of her. She then noticed a guy, probably in his early twenties who hadn't been so keen to put his hand up, looking a little shy. This was Kevin. Kevin worked in a betting office as a clerk behind the front desk. He still lived at home with his mother at the age of 24. He'd never had a girlfriend. When the guys in the shop had nights out he always left early and always drank soft drinks, never alcohol. He was big into Sci-Fi movies and he was still a virgin. Kevin was still interested in women though. He looked at porn on the internet and bought occasional DVD's. Some of the older women who came into the shop liked to talk to him and maybe mother him a little. The 2 young girls who worked part time in the shop teased him a bit, not sexually, but made fun of the fact that he still lived at home. They weren't cruel but all the same it made Kevin even more introverted. Even though she'd never met him before, Holly had spotted Kevin's demeanour during the evening and guessed he was somewhat nervous and probably uncomfortable even being at the party. This was her cue to give him a thrill and make all the other guys jealous of shy little Kevin.

"OK, OK" Holly called out.聽

"I didn't think there would be such a big reaction to that proposal".

"Are you joking?" said Greg.聽

"I'm surprised they all didn't just try to rip your skirt off without being asked"聽

"I don't know how you're going to choose from so many eager guys".

"It needs to be someone who will do it carefully and gently. I think I know who would be best" said Holly. She pointed at Kevin who was desperately trying not to be noticed.聽

"This young man is going to be my choice" she announced.

With that Kevin looked extremely nervous and shook his head聽

"No, not me, let one of the other guys do it please, I don't mind" he told her.

"No, no, young man, it's you I want, come on" she said.

She reached and took his hand. He reluctantly stood up and she led him to the chair she had been sitting on earlier. She picked up the chair and positioned it at an angle in order to make sure the whole group could see his expression as well as get a good look at the focus of his attention, namely the slow reveal of Holly's unmentionables.

The crowd started to make a few comments about Kevin's nervous and inexperience nature. "You know he's never been kissed" was one, and "Be careful he doesn't embarrass himself love, he's likely to come over all excited. If you know what I mean"

Holly's response was to sit Kevin down tell him not be to be nervous, they are only jealous because they'd rather be sitting where you're sitting. 

"I'm sure you've undone a zip before, haven't you?" she asked him.

"Of course I have, on my trousers and jackets" Kevin replied. "Well, there's not much difference is there?" she replied sympathetically. She realised his statement meant this was probably the first time he'd been asked to remove an article of clothing from a woman. "My zip is probably a bit easier. Do you want to try then?" Kevin had that look of a man who had just been asked to wrestle a crocodile rather being asked by a gorgeous lady to help her out of her skirt.

"I suppose so" he replied nervously.

"OK" said Holly "Let me help you to get started. Can you see the little metal bit at the top?" "I can see it" said Kevin.

"OK, it's probably easier if you grip it with your thumb and forefinger, give it a try" She said. Kevin leaned forward in his chair, at the same time Holly jutted her bottom towards him. Kevin reached for the metal slider and gently took it in his finger and thumb.

"Have you got hold of it?" Holly asked.

"Yes, it's very small" said Kevin "I know that's why I need you to help. I couldn't grip it very well" she told him.

"You can start to pull it down now, but be careful, take it slowly, I don't want the zip to break. Let me just hold the waistband tighter, it might make it easier to slide it down".

Kevin gave the zipper a gentle tug. It worked. The two sides of Holly's extremely tight fitted skirt would shortly be parting and lucky Kevin would be able to feast his eyes on the delicious treasures hidden underneath.

"That's it" exclaimed Holly. Delighted than Kevin had managed to start the zipper on its journey south, and delighted that she would be able to show her lingerie to all who wished to see it, which was everyone in the room, of course.

"Before you go any further I need to get this blouse out the way. It's tucked tightly down there and it will make it even harder for you" 

The unfastening of the zip made it easier for her to slip her hands under the skirt and gently pull the tails of her blouse free. She held hem of the blouse away from the skirt so it didn't get in the way of Kevin's while he unzipped her. 

"Now if you pull it down really slowly, you'll be able to see everything I have on underneath one piece at a time" She told him.

By now Holly's audience were almost drooling with sexual anticipation as they watched the lucky Kevin do his best to give them what they wanted to see.

The focus was now on Kevin fingers and the sights he was about to reveal. He gave the zip another little tug and drew it down just enough to expose a delicate ruffle of pink lace. His finger brushed the pretty fabric. As the zip moved further down it showed the full width of the garment. Holly's frilly suspender belt. Kevin felt his manhood stiffen. His continued to pull the down the zipper. 

When the suspender waist band was fully uncovered her bare skin came into view. 

The sight of her bare back soon was joined by another line of trimmed lace. This was the moment of truth. Everyone was about to discover the answer to the question Holly had been keeping from them until now. 

The trim was a little less elaborate as the one on her suspender belt but when he saw it Kevin's cock stiffened again. He knew he was now staring straight at a real live woman's knickers for the first time, and best of all, she was still wearing them. 

The colour of the trim matched the suspender belt and as Kevin drew the zip down further the rest of Holly's panties came into view. Everyone could now see that they were almost transparent but the colour was unmistakably of soft shade of pink. 

The soft material clung to the peach shaped contours of her lovely bottom. Kevin continued to tug on the zip until it reached the underside of her cheeks and completely revealed the delicious rear view of this sexy lady in her even sexier knickers.

What this meant, of course, was 4 of the guys knew had guessed the correct colour of Holly's panties. However not one of them made any comments about the bet. I guess they'd all forgotten about it as they concentrated on the little striptease being given by Holly and with help from her assistant Kevin.

"Is the zip all the way down" Holly asked Kevin. 

"Yes, I think so" he replied completely mesmerised by the sight of Holly's bum stretching the tight panties over her rounded cheeks.

Holly held the top of the skirt and gave it a little push. It slid downwards over her thighs, rustling against the nylon of her sheer stockings as it made its way to the floor and landed in a black satin puddle at her feet. 

She stepped out of it and turned to face the group who gave a loud cheer and several wolf whistles as they all finally saw the lovely lady standing there in her revealing lingerie. Kevin's eyes were at the same height as Holly's lap. He was staring straight at her pantie covered pussy. The front of the panties were decorated with a flowery pattern over a fine pink lacy mesh with a tiny pink rose in the centre just below the waistband. 

They clung to her contours in a perfect v shape outlining the delights beneath. Kevin could make out the feint line of her neatly trimmed bush through the mesh. He tried not stare but it was difficult considering it was the first time he'd been this close to a woman's pussy. He could even make out the aroma of her womanly scent emanating from inside the dainty garment. Was she as turned on as the guys watching her? 

Holly's matching suspender belt was also now in full view showing the taut pink satin straps holding up her black glossy nylon stocking also trimmed with lace at the top. 

"I might as well remove this too" said Holly, as she played with the tails on her blouse. 

She slipped off her waistcoat and then proceeded to undo the four buttons on her blouse. As she did she coyly glanced up at her audience when each one in turn was popped open. When the last button was unfastened she slowly drew the two halves of the silky covering apart deliberately taking her time to uncover her two delectable mounds underneath. She had always been proud of her boobs, and they were something to be proud of! A pair of 36D domes which stretched her matching pink lace half cup bra to its full capacity. How they didn't spill over the top of the cups was a miracle. The bra looked like it was made for a much smaller pair, more like a size 34. Another couple of millimetres and her pert nipples would've been resting on the edge of the cups rather than poking like two bullets through the satin.

She slipped the blouse off her shoulders and down her arms and held it in her fingers in front of her, cocking her hips saucily before dropping it on the floor. There was loud applause from all corners of the room as Holly stood before them posing like a real stripper. Greg looked at Holly. "Thank you my dear, I'm sure everyone in the room is giving you a standing ovation"

Holly blushed, and even though she was standing before them in her lingerie it was a genuine look of embarrassment at Greg's comment.

Kevin also looked embarrassed at Greg's words and Holly noticed his bashfulness.

Greg wasn't about to let the exciting entertainment come to an end just because they'd found out the colour of Holly's knickers.

"Are you going to taking anything else off my dear?" he asked her.

Although Holly had been prepared, and expecting, to disrobe in front of these horny guys she was slightly shocked at Greg's question.

She appeared a little flustered but composed herself. 

"Take anything else off? I'm a croupier not a striptease artist you know" she said.

"Well, you're doing a pretty good impression of one if you don't mind me saying" said Greg. "If we made it worth your while, would you consider carrying on?" he said with a cheeky grin. "I didn't expect to go this far, it's only because you needed to win your bet that I asked this nice young man to help me remove my skirt" she replied

"No one asked you to reveal your top half" was Greg's response.

"No I guess not, but it seemed silly not to, especially as I'd just taken off my skirt" she told him. "You still haven't said whether you'd continue with your little performance for us have you?" he asked again. "Well, you haven't said how you would make it worth my while" she said saucily.

Greg looked at the guys and gestured to them to dip into their wallets.

"Come on guys, I think the lady expects us to show how much we'd appreciate it if she took off something else, and let's face it there isn't much left to take off, one more item might just give us a titillating sight, if you know what I mean".

There was a frantic scrambling of hands diving into their pockets and wallets and quickly they'd collected what looked like over £200. Greg took the cash from them and waved it at Holly.

"Look at this lot my dear. You can't say the guys aren't eager see more" he told her. "What do you think? Is it enough to persuade you?"

"That's certainly a generous donation boys" she replied. 

"Just exactly what are trying to persuade me to do?"

"I'd say they're hoping it's enough for you to take off something else" said Greg and with that he stretched out his arm and cheekily snapped one of the shoulder straps on Holly's bra. Holly shook her shoulders when he did. Not in an effort to show her dislike of what he did but rather than to emphasise her boobs jiggling up and down in her undersized bra. I think this was the sign that she was seriously ready to remove her lacy adornment.

She slipped one thumb on each hand under the straps at the front and gave them a little provocative pluck. 

"Is all this for me?" she said coyly staring at the wad of twenties in Greg's hand.

"It is my dear" said Greg 

"But it's only yours when it's in return for this" and he this time slipped a finger under the side of her bra and caressed her smooth skin beneath.

"Well if that's the only way I'm going to get my hands on it then I don't have much choice do I?" she told him.

The crowd now held their collective breath; this was the moment they'd all been waiting for. Holly shifted her pose and stood with her legs apart and hands on her hips. She bent forward and the waist which thrust her boobs out and made them look even bigger than their 36D. She cupped them with both hands in their frilly cups and jiggled them up and down.

"Oops" she giggled as one of her tits threatened to pop out of there pretty holster. 

"We must do it properly" she told them.

She raised herself up and again then slowly pushed each shoulder strap down one at a time until they were hanging loose across her lower arms. She then bent forward slightly. This made it possible for her to reach behind and locate the clip on the back of her bra. The room was silent but everyone heard the sound of the metal fastening being undone. 

The tightness of the bra suddenly loosened and the cups began to slide forward down the slopes of her magnificent melons. She caught the cups just before they reached her nipples. Her eyes moved from her flimsy hanging cups and she flicked her gaze up to her entranced audience. She gave a saucy knowing smile, the sort that says "get ready boys". Then she gently and very deliberately lifted each finger away one at a time until all only one finger on each hand held the bra over her boobs. Then she daintily lifted the last 2 fingers and her bra floated down to the floor like a delicate ribbon of pink lace.

Holly stood upright and hands on hips and proudly thrust her beautiful fleshy globes out for all to see and followed it by grabbing them firmly and jiggling them up and down for good measure. Laud applause came from all corners with whistles and cheers galore.

"More, more, more" cried the audience. 

"Oh no, this is as far as I go" said Holly. "These are staying where they are" she said, slipping her fingers into the waistband of her panties but making sure they didn't move.

A collective sigh of disappointment went round the room. "However, there is one way I might be persuaded to peel them off, but they can only be touched by someone who themselves are untouched" 

She was now as aroused as all the guys in the room. The pale pink of her pantie crotch was showing signs of darkening as her juices began to dampen the soft nylon. 

Numerous bugles had begun appearing in the crotches of her enthralled admirers, including young and innocent Kevin. He had more than enough reason to get excited while helping Holly out of her skirt and it showed. 

He was still sitting at the front and Holly had noticed the swelling in his loose fitting trousers in the last few minutes. She had the feeling he was a virgin. Her eyes widened as his manhood grew and grew. She figured it must be at least 10 inches. He might be a virgin but he was packing an impressive weapon. Such a pity no woman has yet to savour its delights. Her goal was to be the first which is why she said what she said.

"Is anyone here untouched?" she asked knowing full well that Kevin was the likely candidate. Some guys shouted out that they were but she knew the truth. Kevin was looking sheepish and keeping silent. Everyone knew he was a virgin but they didn't want him to be Holly's prize. That would make him the envy of them all. Holly reached out and took Kevin's hand. "Come with me my sweet" she said. "Let's go somewhere a bit more private". She grabbed her long coat and slipped it on, not forgetting to pick up her discarded skirt blouse, skirt and bra. She handed them to Kevin to carry for her. The evening was over for all except Holly and Kevin.

Soon they arrived at a hotel room door. Holly had booked it for the night, not wanting to drive home after the party. They stepped inside and Holly poured them both a glass of wine from the mini bar. 

"Here, drink this" she said. "It will settle your nerves". Kevin was trembling wondering what was in store for him. He was soon to find out.

She led him towards the bed and she stood with her back against the end of the bed.

"I stopped my little performance out there after they all persuaded me to remove my bra. I'm still more than happy to carry on but I want do it in private away from all those noisy men" she explained in a seductive voice. 

"And I want you to help me"

Kevin was trembling, he stood transfixed starring at Holly, still wrapped in her fake fur coat. He'd never had an offer like this in his life, and now here he was with a real live gorgeous woman actually asking him to help her remove her clothes, what she had left of them. Holly then slipped the coat off her shoulders and undid the four buttons holding it together. Then she slowly opened the coat and Kevin was faced with the mesmerising site of her standing there as she was back in the hotel suite a few minutes before, wearing her matching lace pink suspender belt, tight pink knickers and glossy black stockings. "If I was an actual stripper, I guess I would sit on a chair and take off my stockings one by one and leave these until last" she said running her fingers along the edge of her pretty panties. "But I'm not, so I think I'd just prefer to slip out of these panties and leave the stockings on". She told him. 

"Would you like to help me?" she asked.

What a stupid question, of course he would. 

Kevin grinned "That would be fabulous" he said.

"Come on then" she said crooking her finger to beckon him to get up closer.

When Kevin was standing in front of her almost close enough that her nipples were almost touching his chest through his shirt, she pushed him down by his shoulders until he was on his knees and starring directly at the tantalising vee shape of her panties.

Kevin mouth was dry. He was as excited as he had ever been in his life. Holly saw the bulging impression his cock was making at the front of his trousers. 

She smiled to herself at the considerable swelling. Her pussy juices started to flow as she imagined this being the first woman to feel the length of this healthy young virgin's manhood. 

"Now, take a grip on the waistband" she instructed him. 

Kevin held the lacy edging at her hips with thumb and forefinger. 

"When you're ready you can take them off me" said Holly.

Kevin's face was flush with excitement as he delicately drew the tight nylon garment down. As he did so the thin strip of dark thatch above Holly's slit appeared. 

He continued easing the panties over her hips until his gentle tugging needed a little more effort. Holly's pussy was now quite moist. It was obvious that the cotton gusset was clinging to her lips with her wetness.

"Ooh, I'm a little damp down there aren't I"? She said. 

"Naughty me, just keep going, they'll soon peel away and you can slide them off completely" Kevin looked up at Holly as if to confirm she really meant it. She nodded to him to carry on. Still holding the edges lightly at each side he continued to pull the tiny garment downwards. Holly was correct, her sticky gusset slipped out her soaking snatch with hardly any effort at all. Kevin eyes first fixed on the panties cotton gusset which now had a distinct impression where it had been almost glued to her slippery furrow.

His eyes soon focused on the glistening pussy right in front of him. His dick was now straining at his zip. Holly reached down and ran her fingers over the large bulge at the front of his trousers. 

"My my, he looks like he needs to be free" she said. 

Then she carefully drew his zip over the large swelling. When his trousers were loose enough to fall away around his knees she reached into his boxers and wrapped her fingers around 9 inches of his pulsating knob. She pushed his boxers over the top of his huge pole and they fell to the floor.

"I think he's about ready to go on a journey" she seductively cooed into his ear.

"What do you mean?" asked Kevin.

"I mean, he's ready to go on a journey to the pink tunnel of delights" she said with a giggle in her voice.

She then sat down on the edge of the bed and spread her legs. Her pussy beautifully on display. "Come here" she said beckoning him to stand between her open thighs.

Kevin rose from his knees, his dick pointing straight out ready for action. 

"Let me help you" whispered Holly, and she took hold of his manhood and rubbed it along the wet opening to her pussy.

Still holding his cock in one hand she reached around and grabbed his bum cheek and pushed him closer to her. As he did the head of his stiff dick slipped inside the pretty folds of Holly's muff and travelled the length of her velvety shaft.

"OOOH that's it!" she cried.

"Now you can carry on doing the work while I lie back and enjoy the ride. Thrust it in and out, as much as you like"

Even though it's was the first time he'd experienced the warm feel of a pussy around his dick there was now no stopping Kevin, his inhibitions took a back seat. All he wanted to do was ram his cock inside this gorgeous lady until he filled her up with his creamy fluid. He didn't hold back. He pounded her pussy for all his worth, slamming it in out of her sticky beaver.

A virgin dick certainly had a mind-blowing effect on Holly. 

"Yes, yes, yes" she screamed.

"Fuck me hard, ooh that's unbelievable, you're really screwing my soaking pussy" 

Her gorgeous melon shaped tits bouncing up and down as he hammered into her.

Kevin couldn't hold out too long, he was a virgin until a few minutes ago after all. 

"Oh Oh, I think I'm coming" he shouted. "What shall I do?"

"Shoot that lovely cream and fill up my pussy" screamed Holly. 

That did it for Kevin. His cock exploded into a torrent of gooey cum filling Holly's deep pink shaft to the brim. Soon it was oozing out and leaking onto her thighs and over the black nylon of her stockings.

"My my, what a big load" she said. 

"It not all yours either, you made me cream myself as well you clever boy".

"That was incredible" said Kevin. "Can we do it again?"

"Well" said Holly. "You'll have to wait until I decide to do another strip"

"When will that be. I want to be there" he replied.

"Who knows" said Holly. 

"I don't just do it for anyone you know. Now off you go, get dressed and maybe you'll get the chance to see me perform somewhere soon. 

With that she ushered him out of the room and went to run a shower. She'd had a good fucking and showed her fabulous body off once more. 

Hopefully she would get to do it again soon but on her terms as usual.

