The Beach Vacation
by NeverSatisfiedLady

THE BEACH VACATION PT. 02

Husband and wife continue enjoying their beach vacation.

For the rest of the day my husband encouraged me to make every effort to expose my milf body to all the young guys walking up and down the beach. We moved our chairs closer to the water so I would be noticed more easily. A woman can get away with sitting with her legs open because it's interpreted as trying to get a tan on our nether regions. Taking advantage of that, I I prop my legs up on the sides of the chase lounge and left absolutely nothing to the imagination.

It wouldn't be long before a group of three guys who looked to be in their teens stopped in front of our chairs. Trying not to be too conspicuous, they pretended to carry on a conversation while stealing glances in my direction. I had my sunglasses on so they couldn't tell I was looking at them the whole time. I decided to give them a bit of a show.

I reached down a picked up my tanning lotion, opening my legs as wide as I could, I placed some lotion in my hand and reached down to my bush and slowly rubbed it over it. Then I moved both hands between my legs on either side of my exposed pussy. By gently massaging the lotion in, it appeared I inadvertently pulled my womanhood open exposing my generous open canal. I heard one of them exclaim "oh my god". Erections on all three sprang to life.

It made me so horny to know I could have an affect on young guys, especially being so much older and a bit chubby. When I looked over at my husband to gauge his reaction I saw he was trying to conceal an erection himself. I felt like a slutty exhibitionist and loved it. I saw two older men, probably in their late forties, peering over at me. I couldn't afford to draw a crowd and I desperately needed to cool off, I interrupted my show, got up and walked past the boys to the water. I think if my husband hadn't been sitting there they would have joined me.

The boys took that as a signal to move on and they did. Was I just being a cock tease or would I really go through with having several much younger guys use me like a slut? Would my husband allow it? All these thoughts ran through my mind as the waves crashed against my belly in the warm summer air. After all, being married as long as we were, having some new energetic cock in my well used pussy would be a welcome change. Would they like a mature woman to show them some new experiences?

I also wondered wether sex was permitted on public areas of the resort. I know some resorts provide areas where sexual activity is allowed. Did this resort have such an area, if so I would be able to check it out and troll for some young cock or cocks to have fun with? Maybe my husband would be interested in watching his wife suck young cock and be fucked by several of them. The more I thought about it, the more I had the urge to follow through with it.

The thought of young seed in this mature pussy was getting me hornier than ever. As I pondered this thought, who would return to the area I was in and get in the water next to me, but the young guys I had been giving a show to earlier. They couldn't have been more than nineteen. They had raging hardons as they entered the water. Did my husband see that before they were in deep enough to conceal their erections?

As they chatted with one another they moved closer in my direction until they were standing next to me. We were only up to our waists in the water so my breasts with rock hard nipples were the object of their fascination. What lay just below the surface where the three hard cocks and they were the object of my fascination. I wondered what was going through their minds as they began a conversation with me.

During the course of our conversation, I learned that two were brothers, ages eighteen and twenty and a cousin of theirs who was nineteen. As the waves receded I could see their erections as plain as day. I looked over at my husband and he looked like he was sound asleep in his chair. I was so horny I felt bold enough to take the boys hard cocks one in each hand. I got an immediate reaction of "oh my god". I let go instantly thinking something was wrong and apologized.

They were just surprised and asked me to do it agin. So I reached down and held one in each hand. I looked at their faces as I stroked them back and forth. As an adult, I had forgotten what young cock felt like. Within moments I could feel them stiffen, then pulsating as their semen spewed from the tips of their hard cocks. Quickly returning to their flaccid state, I released them. The third was the eighteen year old, I brought him close to me, face to face and allowed his cock to slide between my legs. I closed my legs around his cock and began moving back and forth gently and slowly until I felt his hot cum between my legs. As I did, I couldn't control myself either letting out a moan cumming at the same time all over his rigid pole finally feeling the release I desperately needed.

Looking over at my husband to see if he witnessed any of this, I was pretty embarrassed by seeing him leaning forward on his chair looking directly at us with a smile on is face. The boys and I remained in the water talking a bit longer about the usual stuff, where are you from, how long are you staying, are you here with family, etc.

Interestingly enough, they were here with their uncle who had always wanted to visit a nudist resort but could never entice his wife to attend. Out of curiosity I asked how old his uncle was and found out he was fifty-one. They pointed him out laying on the beach not too far away. He seemed to be asleep catching some sun, laying on his back on a towel. From my vantage point, I could only see his body which was completely tanned, no tan lines, with dark curly black hair covering him. With his legs slightly parted and I could see his large cock with its head touching the towel even tough it was limp.

We decided to get out of the water not addressing what had just happened. I returned to my chair next to my husband and they went for a walk down the beach. When I sat down, I asked my husband how much he saw of what we were doing, his comment with a smile was, pretty much all of it. I told him I just couldn't help myself being surrounded by three such beautiful young cocks. He told me with a smile, that was the purpose of this vacation, to have the time of our lives.

Curiosity had the better of me now, so I asked if he knew whether they had an area set aside where sexual activity was permitted since I was sure it was frowned upon in public on the nude beach. In response, he said as it so happens there is an area dedicated to such activity. Do I have the courage?
