Tracy On Display - Oops!
By skindiver71

Tracy On Display - Oops! Pt. 01

My innocent wife on display in front of friends.

My wife of 5 years Tracy loves being a mom however something changed after the birth of our daughter. Tracy is a naturally beautiful woman with long brown hair with sun bleached highlights, lightly tanned skin with cute freckles. She is just over 5'7" inches tall with long toned lean legs and she looks like she walked off a Roxy advertisement. Of course, that is me talking as but generally she easily catches the attention of the opposite sex. She is quite conservative in her ways as she was an only child with humble parents who praised modesty. So, in a way it is funny to me that this all starts with her mom.

As an only child my daughter is the only grandchild my wife's parents have and my mother-in-law is dead set on making the most of being a grandma. She has iconic pictures of Tracy's younger years that she feels compelled to recreate. There is Tracy standing in the doorway with the door open along with a host of other cute pictures however one photo jumped out at me from the rest. It was a picture of a young naked Tracy standing in the bath with my then younger mother-in-law in the tub too. My mother-in-law was covered up by the tub and young Tracy. I didn't think much of it but one night while visiting I was cleaning up dishes in the kitchen during bath time when I heard laughing coming from the bathroom. This is not unusual as mother-in-law is amazingly naive, in a funny Lucille Ball sort of way, which creates all kinds of funny situations, so I thought little of it. What I did not know was my mother-in-law had taken my wife's camera and started taking pics of Tracy in the bath with our daughter.

Later at the end of our trip Tracy downloaded the pictures on her mom's computer which sits on the desk in the guest room which we stay in when we visit. Tracy usually does this to try and back up some of our pics on this computer in the event our computer crashes we won't lose everything. Normally Tracy edits all the pictures but sometimes she gets distracted and she just downloads all the photos with the intent to edit later.

Fast forward a couple months in March when Tracy's old high school friend Amanda and her boyfriend Mark traveled to town. Amanda and Mark live in North Carolina and were back visiting friends and family in California. Just before they come down to see us, they stopped in to see Tracy's mom and spend the night. After having dinner with my mother-in-law, Amanda and her boyfriend did some laundry and checked emails on my mothers-in-law's computer. Somehow the screensaver setting was changed which allowed the pictures on the computer to slowly scroll. Soon Amanda and Mark were lying in bed talking while waiting for the clothes in the dryer to finish.

"OMG!", Amanda gasped as she looked at the computer and laughed. Mark turned to see a picture of Tracy sitting in the tub with my daughter. The photo was similar to the one with my mother-in-law sitting in tub with young Tracy except that our daughter was standing up and moved just as the photo was taken exposing Tracy's left breast.

The series continued from there as my young daughter was not being cooperative. In every picture she would wiggle so the next 8 photos showed various angles of my wife's breasts on display. With her pregnancy her breasts changed slightly, and her nipples went from a pink to brownish color making them more prominent against her lovely pale c-cup breasts.

The bubbles in the bath started to wear off and by pictures 9-15 Amanda and Mark could see glimpses of Tracy's dark trimmed pussy in the water. At this point there was no chance of recreating the iconic photo from my wife's childhood however my mother-in-law was just having too much fun with the camera. The last photos were pictures of our daughter wrapped up with a towel while my wife made funny hairdos with my daughter's hair. What my mother-in-law did not notice was that behind my daughter was a mirror so that my wife's nude reflection was showing up in each photo. Tracy was standing facing the mirror with her back to her mom wearing nothing but a smile as she played with my daughter's hair! In fairness the mirror was slightly fogged however my wife's beautiful nude reflection was still very evident.

Amanda and Mark came down to stay with us for the weekend. Tracy had invited some other high school friends over too to say hi. I took Mark surfing with my friends Rich and Todd to get away from the girls for a couple hours. By the time we got home the girls started in on a few bottles of wine as we lit up the BBQ. Tracy was showing off her new Pilates machine as she was telling her friends she was trying to lose her last 5lbs of baby weight. Mark chimed in that she shouldn't worry too much about those last 5lbs because she looked great naked!

Amanda laughingly said, "I can't believe you mentioned that you perv!" At this point Mark had Tracy's full attention as well as Rich's and Todd's. Amanda told everyone about the pictures of Tracy that scrolled on her mom's computer. Immediately Rich and Todd chimed in that Tracy should share those photos with all their friends. Tracy turned bright red as she now remembered downloading the pics on her mom's computer but not deleting them.

Uggh! How could her mom have put her photos on a screensaver scroll? In truth we both knew her mom could barely turn the computer on and off more or less set the screensaver. Rich and Todd were relentless with questions about the pictures and how Tracy looked however Mark was very polite mentioning just how fantastic they were and how much Amanda appreciated the results it created after their laundry was finished.

Amanda was surprisingly more playful with the situation. Having been friends with Tracy since kindergarten she knew how far she could push Tracy. Amanda said if she had the body Tracy had she would have no problem taking photos like that. Amanda has always been quite a flirt and instigator of fun. She recounted to everyone that this wasn't the first time Tracy found herself exposed. At this point I told Amanda to hold on as I might need another beer for this story. Amanda went on to recount a time in college where a group of 10 or so friends had rented a cabin in the mountains.

On the last evening after skiing, the guys were wrapped up in a poker game while the girls watched a movie lounging in their night shirts. After the movie ended, the girls were trying to get the guys attention but they remained steadfast in their pursuit of the poker jackpot. Tracy snuck in to bring her boyfriend, at the time, a beer and see how he was doing. While looking at her boyfriend's hand, Amanda snuck up behind Tracy and lifted her night shirt exposing her sheer panties and tits to the table of guys. Tracy interrupted by saying she would have never done that had Amanda not been so sneaky. At this point the conversation changed to other college hijinks and I never heard the end of the story.

The party was winding down early as any parents of young children know that the witching hour before bed can be quite troublesome. Amanda and Mark were staying the night and continued to hang out in our living room with Rich. Rich is always quick to make friends and being single had no plans for a Sunday evening. He and Mark were getting along well which allowed Amanda and Tracy time to catch up.

Eventually, my daughter was getting hungry and my wife pulled her up onto her lap and untied the back of her sundress so that she could breastfeed. She pulled a modesty blanket over her chest and my daughter while she sat on the couch feeding my daughter. Amanda looked over at Mark and Rich smiling as she walked over and sat next to Tracy. Then she slowly pulled away the modesty blanket covering Tracy's breast and my daughter. In mock horror, Tracy looked up but could do nothing as our daughter was slowly getting tired and started falling asleep. Everyone was silently staring at Amanda who decided to take it one step further. She slowly pulled the sundress down to expose Tracy's other breast so that Tracy sat on the couch topless with her dress draped around her waist. Tracy looked to me for some help but by now I could not stand up without the tent in my pants being too obvious. Tracy frowned at me as she sat there helpless while Mark and Rich were staring at her exposed breasts. As our daughter drifted off to sleep, Tracy stood up to put her in her crib which was down the hall next to our bedroom. Fortunately for Tracy her Sundress had a waist tie string that prevented the dress from falling off completely.

After a few minutes I was able to get up and check on Tracy who was still working to get our daughter comfortably asleep in her crib. I found her standing their rubbing her back slowly and I began to rub Tracy's exposed breast at the same time. Her nipples were hard and I ventured a hand under her dress and found that she was well lubricated by all the attention she was receiving. A few moments later, she grabbed my semi hard tent pole and whispered, "Did you enjoy the show you pervert?" "Isn't it obvious?" I responded quickly. I left to rejoin our guests while Tracy followed shortly thereafter.

Once Tracy walked back in the room there was a big sigh of disappointment from everyone that Tracy was not walking out bare breasted. Rich asked if he could see the bath pictures now. I asked too as I had never seen them either. Tracy said that she deleted them when she downloaded them off the camera onto our home computer. I grabbed my phone and told her I was going to call her mom and have her email the pictures to us which caused everyone to laugh. Tracy said I better not or she would kill me. Rich chimed in and said, "But think about poor Amanda and what she won't be getting tonight if Mark doesn't see those pictures again." Tracy quipped, "hasn't he seen enough already!" as she walked into the kitchen to get another glass of wine and rejoin the group. The situation started to diffuse when the girls went back to their catching up.

After a couple glasses of wine, it was time for Tracy to call it a night. Tracy gets tired relatively early given she is up many nights feeding our daughter who unfortunately still does not sleep through the night. A few minutes later, I excused myself to check in on my wife who was in the closet hanging up her dress wearing only a pair of white cotton panties. I walked up to kiss her and mentioned good thing Amanda didn't lift up her dress revealing these old panties. "Oh yeah" she said, "would this have been better" as she dropped her panties to the floor. "Absolutely!" I whispered as I gave her a kiss and put my hands on her bare butt cheeks. I led her naked body to the bed however she denied my advances concerned about what our friends might hear and wanted to wait until morning since Amanda and Mark had to leave really early to catch a flight.

I left my naked wife in bed and rejoined Rich, Mark and Amanda who were still drinking and having fun in our living room. I was only good for another beer before I too was starting to tire. Because Rich has been drinking all afternoon and evening I set him up with a pillow and blanket so he could crash on the couch while Amanda and Mark headed for our guest bedroom.

Like clockwork our daughter woke up at her usual 2am. I am not sure Tracy was thinking clearly however she jumped out of bed before our daughter could wake up Amanda and Mark. As she picked up our daughter and sat down in the rocker, she looked around for the blanket usually draped over the back of it, so she could cover herself, not remembering she had put in the laundry since we were having unusually warm weather this week. In an effort to assuage our young daughter, Tracy just sat down and began to breastfeed. The room is relatively well lit with a large night light to accommodate our late-night trips. In addition, we keep another night light in the hallway to avoid stepping on our dog that now sleeps between our room and the baby's room.

Tracy was startled when she heard a sound in the living room. Mark and Amanda's room is on the other side of the house. It was then she saw Rich walk into the bathroom across from our daughter's room. "OMG! What do I do now?" thought Tracy. Her first thought was to rush into our room with the baby but then she knew we would get no sleep as our daughter would likely fully wake up. Unfortunately, it all happened so fast that she could do nothing as Rich opened the door. He too was a little startled as he glanced up and saw Tracy rocking our baby. With the light on still in the bathroom, Rich could clearly see Tracy's nude body rocking in the shadows. In a good-humored way he smiled in manner that kid would who just snuck a candy from the candy jar way while standing there in only his boxers. This put Tracy a little more at ease as she returned with a lighthearted disapproving look the way a mother would for a naughty child.

Rich just stood there taking in the image of Tracy. Her long wavy hair came down just below shoulder length however it did nothing to conceal her one uncovered breast from Rich's gaze. Tracy's nipples were now beginning to harden as his gaze moved lower. The view of Tracy's lovely triangle of trimmed pussy hair with her legs slightly parted was too much for Rich as the erection forming in his boxer slid through the flap in the front causing Tracy to smirk as she looked down at the funny predicament that Rich was now in too. As Rich reached down to conceal his escaped cock, he noticed that Tracy had slid her one free hand down between her legs. He dropped his jaw disbelieving what he was seeing. Tracy was gently rubbing herself in the chair. Instinctively he grabbed a hold of his cock and started to stroke it. Moments later Rich turned and unloaded his cum into the bathroom sink as Tracy looked on. Tracy's body began to shudder in an intense orgasm after seeing the impact she had on Rich. He cleaned up his mess and proceeded back to the living room to get ready to leave while Tracy put our daughter down to bed.

I was awoken in the morning by the feeling of Tracy's hand rubbing my cock under the covers. Smiling she said, "You should have told me you were letting Rich sleep on our couch last night!" Looking at her beautiful nude body as she stroked me, I wondered what happened last night.


Tracy On Display - Oops! Pt. 02

Tracy take it one step further with pictures.

The next morning Tracy had woken up before me and I tried to ignore her and go back to sleep. We had slept in a little later than usual and the room was well lit as the sun was coming in through the blinds. Amanda and Mark had to leave early and I assumed that Rich had left early to since Tracy was still naked in bed.

"Are you awake," Tracy inquired as she gently stroked my cock through my underwear.

"Sort of," I replied

"You should have told me Rich was sleeping on our couch last night," Tracy said in a nervous tone.

"Huh?" I replied. Then coming to my senses I commented, "Oh yeah, he had a fair amount to drink last night with Amanda and Mark so I didn't think it was good for him to drive home. Why, is he still here?"

Amanda responded, "No he left but I was pretty drunk last night with all the wine I drank with Amanda." She then recounted Amanda had removed her modesty blanket while breast feeding our daughter. The thought of Tracy exposed in front of Mark, Amanda and Rich started to get the blood flowing to my dick.

She followed that up with letting me know that she got up to feed our daughter at 2am and without thinking walked out of our room completely naked. "That sounds fine to me," I said. Tracy mentioned that our daughter had woken Rich up as well and that he saw her breast feeding again. Given he had already seen her earlier, I played it off by saying, "Well lucky guy as it seems lightning struck twice for him in one day but nothing he didn't see earlier."

Tracy paused looking at me in the eye and said, "But I was naked. Rich stood in the doorway and could clearly see me with the light of the bathroom and the nightlight." My dick suddenly hardened, and I said, "You were naked, naked?" not realizing that her cover up blanket was in the laundry. Tracy seemed to take note in the immediate firmness of my cock and said, "Honey, he watched me feed our daughter completely naked with a clear view of my tits and trimmed pussy patch." I can't believe Rich stood there watching Tracy but then again, I cannot blame him as it must have been a wonderful sight to see.

I was unsure of how to respond but surprisingly my dick got so hard at the thought of Tracy on display. Tracy seemed to need some reassurance but gauging by her erect nipples she seemed aroused as well. She beat me to the punch, "Why is your dick so hard? You like this, don't you?" I tried to play it off as morning wood and her gentle touching. Then I got on top of her and told her, "Any guy would be lucky to see her naked and after 5 years of being married and 1 kid, I still get captivated by her."

I reached down to rub her pussy which was soaking wet. "Looks like Rich wasn't the only one who got hot and bothered last night by your exposure." Nothing else was said as we had some of the hottest sex we have had in years.

Later that night, Tracy was embarrassed and needed some assurance that everything was good with us. Amanda was pretty wild and in high school and college often had gotten Tracy into embarrassing situations by flashing her tits to get guys attention. Amanda found it fun to push Tracy buttons seemly knowing exactly where Tracy's limits where. Tracy has always underestimated her attractiveness and I gathered appreciated the boldness Amanda had with guys. Tracy was not a wild child by any means and I loved when she would recount her Amanda stories with me since they were out of her normal character.

She was mostly concerned about what Rich would think of her. I told her not to worry as Rich was probably home still jerking off the image of her ingrained on his brain from seeing her naked last night. Tracy then confessed that things went a little further with Rich as she saw his cock pop out of his boxer when he got hard from looking at her. I could see her nipples harden as she described the events that unfolded next with her rubbing herself in the rocking chair feeding our daughter while Rich stroked himself across the hall in the bathroom.

My head was in a daze, I grabbed her hand led her back to our bedroom for round 2 of hot sex. I am not sure I reassured her but the sex was great as we drifted off to sleep.

Monday came early and I jetted off to work.

Around 3pm my phone buzzed with a text. I opened my phone to see a text from Amanda thanking us for hosting her and Mark. The text was sent to me, Tracy and Rich. I thought it strange Rich was included but a nice gesture. I was about to respond when another text from Amanda came through saying Mark especially loved the trip. Then, a picture of Tracy sitting topless breastfeeding our daughter appeared. I had no idea that Mark had taken such a pic. Why would they include Rich on this text?

Three little dots appeared, and I was nervous about what was coming next. Rich responded, saying, "Tracy's tits were perfect, exactly how he remembered them along with a please come back to visit soon!"

Tracy quickly sent off a devil emoji and told Mark, Amanda and Rich they are all on a visit probation for naughty behavior followed by a laughing emoji.

I wasn't sure what to expect when I got home but Tracy seemed unfazed by Amanda's text. When I brought up how surprised I was to see Mark's pic, she just commented on how flattered she was by Rich's response. "Do you really think he likes that picture or is he just being nice," she inquired. I sort of laughed at the question since the answer was obvious and playfully responded, "I certainly think so but maybe you should ask him when he done jerking off to it." I told her, I was going to go jerk off to it, if she didn't give me the real thing right now.

A week or so later, we were meeting up with some of our parent friends at a local patio bar for an early happy hour before we all had to all go home to put the kids down in the evening. It is a fun bar that has a plaza facing other restaurants and bars but no cars so the parent that have older kids can let them ride their scooters around without concern while all the mom's drink wine and margaritas. It is nice to have a common bond with other people going through the challenges of early parenting together. It is a funny time where we all are still young and vibrant, or so we think, but are now bearing the burden of being more responsible adults.

As we were wrapping up, I saw Rich walk in for happy hour with a couple of his work colleagues. Seeing we hadn't talked since Saturday night so I knew there would be an awkward moment as I approached their table. He stepped away from the other guys and immediately commented that things might have gotten a little out of hand on Saturday. I told him no harm was done and that Tracy was flattered by his text.

Once Tracy saw Rich, she made a beeline over to us. "Give me your phone," she commanded. "Huh," he replied being caught totally off guard. Of course, he complied immediately but Tracy had piqued the curiosity of his work colleagues with her demand. Scrolling through his photos she noticed, Rich had saved the topless photo of her into his favorites.

"I can't believe you favorited my picture, Rich!" she playfully ribbed him. "What are other girls going to think if they see this picture in your favorites?" Rich was back peddling looking for a response when his colleague chimed in that he was pretty sure no girl would touch that phone knowing where Rich's hands had been, which made us all laugh. It seems clear to me that Rich's colleagues knew precisely the photo in question as we all made our introductions. The two colleagues, Chris and Ted, were in their early to mid 40's and married. They seemed to have taken Rich under their wing at their office, mentoring him along.

"You must be the beautiful Tracy and you must be his friend Dirk," they commented inviting us to sit with them. Chris was the most senior of the group and said Rich owed them all drinks for violating his team's strict policy of NO texting in meetings. Not only did Rich get busted for texting but he had to share with Chris and Ted the nature of what was so important after the meeting. Tracy's eyes lit up with surprise, "Damn that Amanda! Oh, the trouble she gets me into." Then she dropped a bomb saying, "I am so embarrassed as that wasn't even a good picture Mark took of me."

My brain fired a thought "Wait, what? Did she just insinuate it would have been better if they saw a different picture?" Tracy might have had more margaritas than I thought but the guys clued in fast. "We would love to see better pictures," Ted quickly replied. "What options to we have to pick from?" responded Rich. Chris inquired, "Are you taking requests?"

Tracy was caught a little off guard as she didn't anticipate the trap she set for herself but responded simply with "maybe". I jumped into to save her by saying, "I better get this one home quickly while she still has her clothes on. Have fun tonight."

As we walked home, I could tell Tracy really enjoyed the attention from Chris, Ted and Rich and she seemed contemplative. "Are you thinking about pictures?" I inquired. She smirked at me, "Maybe, I just can't believe that they would want to see my mommy body when there are so many hot young girls in our area."

"You should be flattered as you are very lucky as you have maintained such a hot body after giving birth. I bet Chris and Ted's don't have hot naked pics of their wives. Did you see how disappointed they were when I pulled you away?"

About an hour later while I was putting our daughter down to bed, our phones buzzed. There was a group text from Rich, Ted and Chris who were still at the bar, "We have some suggestions in the event you are taking requests with a devil emoji and a laughing emoji"

Ted sent the next text "ladies choice lingerie pic," with a smiling emoji.

Chris followed with a text with saying "one finger challenge" with a photo link to FLICKR with a nude woman standing in front of a mirror taking a selfie where her middle finger is in front of the camera obscuring her tits and the reflection of her finger in the mirror obscures her pussy.

Rich sent the final text request and all it said was "Rocking Chair!"

Before I could say anything, Tracy responded with, "OMG! You dirty boys," with a devil emoji.

It was easy to see her mind spinning as she was enjoying the attention she was receiving. "I mean they have already seen that poor photo of my tits after breastfeeding. How unsexy is that?" she quipped. In her mind, she had a point, and I was just along for the ride. She laughed at the one finger challenge idea and that was when I knew she was more than thinking about it.

She poured herself a glass of wine and sat down scrolling through our Google Photos looking for some of the sexier pics I had taken of her over the years. She laughed at one of the pics and then my phone buzzed with a text "OK Ted -- Ladies choice it is," which was followed by a pic of Tracy, in her favorite zip up plaid onsie, I took of her on a ski trip. Tracy had a sexy look on her face, biting her lip as she was turned sideways tempting me with one button undone on her bottom flap so one butt check was exposed.

"Well played!" I said to her. She is beautiful in that pic but it clearly was not the kind of lingerie Ted had hope for.

Tracy led me to the bathroom and where see said, "I can't believe you want me to do this!"

"This is all you babe." I quipped, "no one is asking me for a one finger challenge!"

While she was preparing for the one finger challenge and finishing her wine, our phones beeped from the peanut gallery at the bar saying, "flannel onsie's don't count!"

Tracy quickly replied "Ladies choice, Ted, and rules are rules. Just ask poor Rich who broke the rules"

I had my iphone out taking the out take shots as Tracy attempted the one finger challenge. After many feeble attempts, where either a nipple was showing or her pussy was in view, Tracy seemed to have a pic that worked for her.

My phone buzzed, "OK Chris one finger challenge accepted." I admit I was nervous as I had not see one yet that wasn't NSFW. When my phone buzzed again there was my beautiful naked wife with her middle finger coming up from the left bottom corner of the pic covering her pussy and the reflection in the mirror her middle finger covered her right breast while her phone and right had covered her right breast. Surprisingly her lovely face was full view so there was no question that this was her.

I felt like I could hear some cheers from the bar, but of course foul play was called as Chris texted back, "One finger does not mean your phone hand."

Tracy promptly took another pick of her naked in the mirror with her middle finger showing. This time the finger covered nothing, but the catch was she was facing away from the mirror with just a nice shot of her sexy ass.

My phone buzzed as Tracy texted them back and said "how about a compromise." Before she texted them the pic, I said "are you sure?" She pointed out that they could basically see that on any beach day as she often wears thong bikini bottoms. "No argument from me," was all I could say. Then my phone buzzed with the pic.

Tracy was now touching up her hair and makeup. "I did say that if they are going to see a pic of me it should be better than that breastfeeding one."

My phone kept buzzing as the guys loved her ass. The comments were well received and fueled Tracy's desire for one last good pick.

Rich texted, "Rocking Chair! Rocking Chair!" Seemingly exuberant and optimistic.

Tracy responded, "Aren't you boys going to get in trouble staying at the bar so late? You better delete this text thread so your wives don't see it," with a winking emoji.

We set her phone on silent as we did not want to wake up our daughter. Tracy looked amazing as she walked into the nursery room completely nude and sat down in the rocking chair. This time her blanket was clean and folded over the back of the chair. I draped the blanket over her and began taking some sexy but safe pics. The pics were darker than I expected so we turned on the bathroom light across the hall and then the hallway light so there was sufficient lighting to make out Tracy's beautiful features.

She remained covered for the first few pics and then let the blanket drop around her waist, so her erect nipples were prominently displayed on her white c cup breasts. The picture evoked memories of 70's style Playboy pics when the models were more natural looking. Continuing to take pic after pic, I let her take control of the scene. With an intense desire in her eyes, she looked at me as she let the blanket fall to floor so that her brown trimmed pussy became exposed. I was captivated as my wife's sexual energy as she slowly spread her legs and as the hallway light glowed onto her exposed pussy lips. "Was this what Rich saw last time he was over?" I whispered. She bit her lip and nodded then slid her hand between her legs to touch herself.

At this point, I grabbed her hand to lead her to our bedroom. As we got into bed, she stopped me grabbing her phone to see the pics I had taken. The must have been at least 50. I crawled down between her legs and began to lick her as she surveyed each pic.

I heard my phone buzz as she set her phone down after texting the guys her Rocking Chair pic. Before I could move to grab my phone, Tracy wrestled me underneath her as she mounted me seeking some sweet relief.


Tracy On Display - Oops! Pt. 03

Tracy makes a new friend and things escalate.

The next morning, I woke up with serious morning wood. Tracy wasn't in bed and I laid there thinking about the events from last night and the pictures we took. It dawned on me that I never saw the last text message Tracy sent the guys of her Rocking Chair pic. We had taken so many ranging from her covered in a modesty blanket to her reclined with her legs fully spread.

Coming to my senses, I got out of bed, cleaned up and made my way to the kitchen for some coffee. Tracy was playing with our daughter on the couch in the living room.

"Good morning sunshine," I commented walking into the room.

"Did you sleep alright?" she commented back.

"Pretty much except, this," as I pointed to the remnant of my morning wood still evident in my shorts. "The struggle is real for guys with sexy wives," I quipped as I winked at her to go get coffee.

I really just wanted to grab my phone and see what I missed but I poured my coffee and then freshened up Tracy's cup too.

"I might have gotten a little carried away last night" Tracy said with some concern.

"I'll say! I have never seen you so eager to take sexy pics like the way you were last night," I responded. "I can't wait to see that last pic as the guys must have been floored."

Tracy seemed hesitant but handed me her phone. Something tells me she read and reread this text thread over and over in her mind all night. I opened the thread and worked my way through a series of texts looking for that last pic. Tracy was hovering over my shoulder looking on.

"Please, one more pic," texted Ted

"Amazing," with an emoji with heart eyes text from Chris

"Much better than Mark's pic!" replied Rich.

Finally, the pic came into view. There was my beautiful young wife slightly reclined in the rocking chair. She had a sultry look in her eyes and a wicked smile. Her brown wavy hair with sun bleached highlights was not long enough to cover her lovely breasts with her brownish nipples prominently displayed. I mentioned earlier that her nipples were pinkish before her pregnancy but turned brownish during the process of becoming a mother. Her nipples were quite erect.

Scanning further down her body, her mommy tummy was exposed as well. She has lost almost all of her baby weight; however this is the area of her body that she is most self-conscious about. This picture was taken somewhere towards the middle of our little photo session as the modesty blanket still partially covered her. The blanket has slide down her body as we were taking pics and at this point a portion of the blanket was resting in her lap. Her left hip was exposed so it was clear she was nude.

Next, I zoomed in on the pic as a little of her trimmed brown pubic hair was barely noticeable just above the blanket. "OMG, I didn't realize I was showing that!" Tracy exclaimed.

"Whoa! That is such a hot pic, Tracy" I said as I turned to kiss her.

"Are you mad at me for showing so much?" she questioned concerningly.

"I think you made an excellent choice," I commented back as I glanced at her zoomed in pubic hair.

"Really?" She looked at me suspiciously. "What pic would you have chosen?" she inquired.

"With such a hot wife, I am sure I would have been happy with any of them," I safely responded.

Grabbing her phone she went to her hidden photos where she keeps all of our naughty pics. She scrolled through the pics from last night. "How about this one," she teased as it was one of our first pics where the lighting was too dark and she was covered in a blanket. I gave her a disapproving look and she continued.

"You're getting warmer," I said as she made her way into the photos where her tits came into view. She continued scrolling and was just passing the pic she shared with guys of her with the blanket. The very next pic was the first one where the blanket had slid off her lap and her bush became visible.

"That is so hot!" I commented. Tracy put her hand in my lap and my state of arousal confirmed I was telling her the truth.

"You wanted them to see me like that?" she said as she looked me square in the eye. "You wanted them to see my pussy?"

"I think you made a great choice. Although some of these later shots are so fucking hot of you!" The next few pics got a little more explicit as Tracy opened her legs a little further, so the folds of her pussy became clearly displayed. She has such cute puffy pussy lips which fully cover her inner labia lips so in the first couple shots her inner pink girly bits were not noticeable. As she spread her legs further, Tracy's inner lips and pussy became exposed.

"I can't believe you wanted them all to see me fully exposed like this!" Tracy said staring at the last pic of the night.

She was right, it made me slightly jealous thinking of guys having naked pictures of my wife. I love the affect she got with all the attention as our sex life got a big boost over the last few weeks. Tracy, while beautiful, can be a little bit reserved and has always been overlooked by her attention demanding friends. I always sensed Tracy liked it when Amanda would find ways to expose her since it was done in fun and Tracy didn't have to initiate it.

"I just said that pic of you is so fucking hot," looking at her questioningly. "What you do with that pic is up to you." I followed, trying to be the supportive husband. I had such mixed feelings that I am not sure what I wanted.

"Fine, so I guess a full beaver shot it is then," she teased as she grabbed her phone and gave me a wicked smile. My heart sank, but my dick was rock hard, wondering if she was seriously going to send that pic.

She got up and sat across from me on our other couch. She pulled her legs up on the couch, looking right me and then glancing down. With her legs up on the couch, I could look up her nightshirt and see her lovely pussy exposed.

She took her time and soon I heard my phone beep with a new text message.

"Thanks for all the lovely comments and encouragement," she texted back to Rich, Chris and Ted.

My phone beeped again as Tracy followed up her comment with another picture. It was the explicit picture of her in the rocking chair. She was aroused by the look of her flush cheeks and hard nipples, and she was clearly naked. Except on modification was made to the pic. Tracy had inserted an angel emoji just over her pussy which barely covered her bush.

"Well played," I said feeling Tracy had put an end to this.

Moments later my phone buzzed as Rich responded, "You definitely look like an angel, but I certainly like this other side of you," followed by a few devil emoji signs. Three little dots were on my screen as Rich was typing "Don't make me tell Amanda! Let's see the original pic," with another devil emoji.

"You certainly know how to play dirty," Tracy quipped back with a winking emoji. "I just don't want my nude pics floating around the internet from you pervs sharing them."

Soon Chris reappeared into the conversation and supported Rich in commenting that they would never share these pics while pleading with her to show them the non-emoji version.

"Sorry guys, rules are rules! Right Rich" Tracy responded, with a laughing emoji, toying with Rich for getting in trouble while texting during a meeting.

"Looks like we will just need to seem them in person then" Chris responded with a winking emoji.

Was she seriously considering showing them her pics in person? I have never seen Tracy so confident, sexy, and playful so I remained a quite observer.

"I take it Rich struck out with the ladies again last night?" Tracy bantered back on her next text.

"Did you have to ask?" Chris quickly replied, along with a winking emoji.

"@Chris - What would your wife think if she found out you were going to meet with a woman to look at her naked pics?" inquired Tracy.

"She would be fine if it results in what happened last night after I got home," he proudly responded. "Maybe I will bring her with me," he followed with a winking emoji.

"No wife -- no pics", Tracy responded.

The text thread went quite as Tracy called Chris's bluff. Or so I thought because about 45 minutes later Tracy's phone buzzed with a text.

"Hi Tracy, this is Deb (Chris's wife). Your pics are beautiful, and I would love to meet you for coffee, if you have some free time this weekend. Maybe at the Fashion Island center, without the boys."

Tracy looked at me with one of those "oh shit" looks. She sheepishly smiled as she handed me her phone to show me Deb's reply.

I was apprehensive and I could tell Tracy was a little concerned about what she might be walking into with Deb. For all I know Deb could be a crazy woman who is insanely jealous. I immediately called Rich to get his thoughts.

"Dude, Tracy's pics is so fire! I can't believe how fucking lucky you are. She is a vixen, for sure hidden under her good wife and mom persona!" Rich's glowing comments were appreciated by Tracy who was listening in while I had the call on speaker.

"Hey man, thanks of course, but what do you know about Chris's wife Deb?" I inquired in a very direct way.

Rich sort of laughed with an "Oh shit" thrown it. "Well, we have met a quite a few times. Deb has always been super nice to me and kinda flirty, always inquiring on my dating life. In some ways, they are an older version of you guys. Chris is an ambitious guy with a laid-back persona and Deb is playful, caring, and engaging with a good ability to read of people. I would say she is no wall flower but a long way from being an attention whore." Rich went on and Deb seemed to check out as not being some "Fatal Attraction" type woman.

Tracy agreed to meet with Deb later in the afternoon for coffee. We took separate cars as I grabbed my daughter and decided to walk around and scope the place out sort like a Jason Borne, dad style. Tracy was mocking me as we both had ear buds in and were communicating while I trailed behind her with a stroller.

"Coming in hot from your 3 o'clock," two very attractive women were approaching. Tracy laughed, "you wish!"

"Scrunch booty pants straight ahead" I called out noting a woman wearing a pair of those leggings with the elastic that goes up the ass crack to accentuate her butt cheeks.

"Stop it," Tracy commented slightly annoyed.

Tracy hung up on me after the scrunch booty pants comment as she approached the coffee shop. She was greeted by an attractive woman in her mid-forties who immediately came up and gave her a quick hug. She had shoulder length sandy blond hair that looked straightened, brown rimmed glasses and was probably two inches shorter than Tracy who is 5'7". So far, so good as I decided to move on pushing the stroller around the mall working on my "dad bod". Twenty minutes later, I walked by again and Tracy saw me and gave me a wink as a sign that all was well.

Tracy got home about two hours later while my daughter was napping. She seemed pleasantly surprised at how much she liked meeting Deb. Noting it was nap time, she began unbuttoning her summer dress in front of me while telling me they plan to go to the beach together next weekend. That is all I got before Tracy attacked me.

The following Saturday, I had daddy duty while Tracy got the day off to hang out with Deb. Using the find my phone app was the only way I knew what beach they went to. Oddly, they went down south towards Oceanside near San Onofre. We had surfed many of these beaches in our dating and pre-kids days but I didn't see Tracy grab a board. No texts showed up until late in the day telling me she would be home for dinner.

My sun kissed wife showed up promptly for dinner with her salty beach hair. She had a glow like the surfer girl I met many years ago.

"Have fun today," I inquired.

"Oh my god, Deb is such a blast. She bought a couple bikinis for us to wear along with a really nice camera. Chris has been teasing her about turning into an old lady, encouraging her to wear sexier bikinis. So today, we did just that and have a surprise for Chris. Oh, and you too of course."

"Alright, picture show for me after dinner I hope," I said while rubbing my hands together with a sly smirk.

"Tonight, you get the real thing, the pics require some patience," she responded.

A few weeks had gone by and I had sort of forgotten about the Tracy and Deb beach day, when Tracy said we were invited to Deb and Chris's on Saturday.

Deb and Chris have a nice house a few blocks back from the beach. It has a nice view as it sits on the slope of a hill just higher than the houses in front of it. We all had a cocktail out on their patio and I enjoyed getting to know Chris and Deb. Out of nowhere, I see Rich walk out onto the balcony.

"Nice view, huh" Rich said to me giving me a wink.

"Hmm, Tracy never mentioned Rich showing up," I thought to myself.

"So is Ted coming next?" I said with a concerned look at Deb.

"Not after he got caught with those pics of Tracy," Deb responded back at me with sneaky smile.

After dinner we all had another drink in the living room in front of their 80 inch TV which Deb could control with her computer.

She looked at Chris with wicked smile and said, "I think you are gonna like this. You are always prodding me to get a sexier bathing suit after seeing women on our beach. Well Tracy helped me pick out a few." She then proceeded to bring up a website for Malibu Strings bikini company.

"Do you like these bikinis?" she inquired as she scrolled through some of the suits worn by models.

Chris adeptly caught on, "Well, those suits are sexy but I am sure they would look better on you two."

Deb looked like she was almost shaking with nervous excitement as she moved the cursor on the screen to the competition link on the website navigation menu. Clicking the link images appeared under a "This Years Winners" banner. Each week apparently five women were chosen to share their photos wearing Malibu Strings merchandise. This week both Deb and Tracy were pictured as two of the five Malibu Strings bikinis weekly winners.

Deb clicked her photo first which opened a photo album of many shots of her on the beach of Deb. She put the album in a viewer mode so she could scroll the full size images one by one.

The first couple shots where of Deb in a light blue string bikini. As the scene progressed, Deb had some playful pics of her in the water which made the bikini slightly sheer making her nipples noticeable. This of course prompted some oohs and aahs from us ooglers. Soon she had on a white one piece which said Malibu Strings across the front in turquoise letters. This suit was quite sheer without any water on it, I could clearly see the outline of her nipples, where her belly button was and guessed that she probably shaved her pubic hair.

I really hoped she would make a run for the ocean to get that suit wet. I was not disappointed! A few shots later, Deb emerged from the water in her suit which was hardly visible. I couldn't help but stare at her camel toe seeing no evidence of hair.

Tracy nudged me, whispering "Hot, huh!"

The final shot of Deb came up on the screen. Deb was fully nude facing slightly away from the camera standing next to a piece of old grey driftwood that looked like it was the root of a tree, in its prior life, with many root branches spreading out. Hanging on the branches next to Deb, were the bathing suits she had worn earlier. From that angle you could really appreciate Deb's tone legs, ass and the outline of the side of her breast.

Deb turned to me and said, "Things are about to get hotter in here."

I am a little scared, If I am being honest as I can't believe how provocative Deb's pics were. I was a little surprised that they allow nudity but I guess that is par for the course if you sell sheer bathing suits. Don't get me wrong, I am not complaining just nervous as to what might appear next when Deb hit Tracy's album.

The first pic looked unbelievably good. Tracy if you don't recall has long brown hair with sun bleached highlights, lightly tanned skin with cute freckles. She was sitting on a driftwood log wearing a turquoise burnout t-shirt which said "Mermaid Hair Don't Care" with white letters. This was perfect for Tracy and her beautiful beach hair. The shirt was thin so her nipples were popping out but were her areolas were not overly visible.

In the next, pic she was in the same shirt standing facing the ocean. The shirt draped about half way down her ass and her bare butt checks were exposed below the shirt. I was interested in the thong she must have been wearing since it wasn't visible.

The next pic, Tracy had a surprise "busted" look on her face. She had turned around facing the camera and in the background about 25 yards away were a group of four young, college age, surfer guys. Her nipples were still prominently displayed poking through the t-shirt. What surprised me was the t-shirt only reached to about the bend in her hips and her brown natural bush was exposed below.

The room cheered with that pic as the excitement level had grown with the sight of Tracy's bush and these guys approaching.

The next shots were of Tracy wearing the same blue bikini that Deb had on earlier. This suit had no liner and was slightly see through when not wet. Apparently, the boys had moved in for a closer look as they were standing nearby watching Tracy as she posed.

My heart sort of sank into my stomach as the next shot was of Tracy in the water. As the shots continued with Tracy emerging from the water, she look so exposed and more so than Deb looked in the same suit. Her nipples are darker than Deb's and stood out more against the blue fabric and her dark bush made a bold sexy statement clearly showing through the material.

Just when I was feeling better than none of the boys were still there lurking, Deb commented, "I think the guys lost their minds at this point as they were having fun commenting and directing as I took the pictures. They hung around with us old ladies for while,", which Deb followed with a wink to Chris.

The next photo made me sit a little deeper in my chair from the weight of it. The four guys were each holding the tie strings to Tracy's blue bikini with giant grins and Tracy pretending to look shocked. Deb moved onto the next photo where Tracy was standing behind the bikini. Yes, standing behind the bikini! The four guys were holding the various strings to the bikini up so Tracy was not wearing the bikini but standing naked a foot behind it so it covered her for purposes of this pic. Clearly the guys had an excellent view of her fully exposed body.

I figured that was the would be the grand finale. And it was, for the bikini.

I am not even sure why Malibu Strings would post the next three pics as they didn't even include their products. The first shot was of Tracy's back and bum fully exposed as she was on one of the guy's surfboards paddling out. Chris and Rich's eyes were glued to the 80" screen while Deb and Tracy shot me wicked grins.

The next shot was of Tracy sitting on top of the 9 foot longboard past the break with three of the guys with her seeing her up close. Deb must have had a really good lens on that camera as we could clearly see Tracy's rock hard nipples. With Tracy's legs wrapped around the board her legs were spread open giving the guys a very clear shot of not only her bush but also her pink pussy lips.

"Can I get a copy of this in poster size?" Rich asked Deb prompting us all to laugh breaking the tension in the room.

The grand finale was a shot of Tracy surfing in on a 3 foot wave hanging 5 toes off the front of the board in all her glory. In the background, you see the lineup of other surfers had grown to more than the three guys with her in the first zoomed in pic. And there was Tracy fully nude standing up for all to see.

I was done for the night. I asked Rich, if he wanted to share an Uber with us since we don't live far. Rich declined and I proceeded to order our Uber. As we were leaving, Tracy gave Deb a hug and I heard her say, "have fun tonight," along with a wink.

As we got in the Uber, I said to Tracy, "If Rich doesn't leave soon, Deb won't have any fun tonight." Tracy laughed and said, "Rich is her fun tonight."

