Nudist Surprise
by cwr2000

Jessica's nude weekend is competitive, hot, and heavy

Jessica was sitting at home, depressed and eating ice cream for the fifth night in a row since her boyfriend, Marshall, left her for another girl. She wanted to use all her vacation days from the bar to make herself fat, and not have to deal with men anymore, but could never seem to gain weight, no matter how much she tried. But at 28 years old and standing tall at 5'8" tall, with hips that curved just short of rubenesque and muscular legs that held an ass to be held and shaved pussy, while her breasts were naturally 36 C breasts capped with dark pink nipples, and a full body tan that spoke volumes about her outdoor habits. But even with these killer looks, Jessica blamed herself for letting Marshall go, even after giving in to having sex with him when she felt she was about to lose him a month previously, saying that if she had only been better, she still may have been able to keep him. But her friends all kept saying that she was wrong in giving in to him, but she didn't listen and finally had to face it when she came home early one day and found him fucking some little blonde tramp on her bed. And now here she was trying to gain weight and ignoring the continuous phone calls Marshall was trying to make her pick up. She finally gave up and turned her phone off, and ready to go to bed when her best friend Jill showed up at her door, dressed to go out and looked at her exasperated. Jessica always did admire her friend's figure, caramel skinned and slim, small breasted, and just short of hers, as well as dark, exotic skin and a beaming personality the lit up any party.

"Come on, Jessica, it's time you got over that jackass Marshall and went out and celebrated your freedom. And I know just the guy to get you out of it," she said, as they went into Jessica's closet and Jill started to rummage through it for the perfect outfit.

"No offense, Jill, but I really don't feel like dealing with the guys you no longer want. Remember Harry? I just want to go to bed."

"Jess, Marshall treated you like garbage and cheated on you with any woman in sight. It wasn't your fault, and you need to get on with your life. And besides, Harry wasn't too bad was he? Don't answer that. In any case, the guy I have in mind for you is not one of my infatuated admirers, but my cousin, Andrew, who just moved to town and was very interested when I described you."

"Hold on. Is this your cousin who did that beautiful rose of yours," Jessica asked, describing the rose tattoo on her back, which she said was done by her cousin, the best tattoo artist she had ever known.

"One in the same. Come on Jess, one night won't kill you, and who knows, maybe he'll give you that first tattoo you always wanted but were too afraid to go for. Aha, here we go, put this on."

Jessica was given her slinkiest dress she owned, a shimmering, low cut green dress that came down to mid thigh, and a pair of black heels. And when she finally acceeded to her friends wishes and slipped out of her sweats and into the shower, Jill admired her best friend's killer body she wished she had, and knew that if she ever became a lesbian, or even bisexual, Jessica would be the first one she would want, and knew that Andrew would feel the same.

So when the two friends finally arrived at the restaurant, they found Jill's boyfriend Leo, a blonde, tanned southern California-type fitness trainer talking with a man that made Jessica start to feel weak kneed as he stood up. Andrew stood at a few inches over six feet tall, muscular but not outrageously, with dark skin, a dazzlingly white smile, and she could see tattoos rising slightly above his collar that she wanted to touch and follow further.

And when Jill introduced them after separating from a deep kiss with Leo, the two shook hands and Jessica was enthralled by the strength and warmth of his hand, and then his lips as he kissed the back of her hand.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Jessica. Jill has told me much about you, and I'm glad to see she was right, especially about your dazzling beauty," he said, in a slight southern accent.

"It's a pleasure to meet you too, Andrew. Jill hasn't told me much about you, but I have seen your work, and it is very well done."

To this he smiled and pulled out her chair for her to sit down and for the next few hours she thought nothing of Marshall, but enjoyed her first night out in a long time and listened as he described how he just moved into town and opened his own tattoo shop. When Jill mentioned that Jessica had always wanted to get one but was too nervous to get one, he tried to make her more comfortable with the idea and even offered to kiss it better, which made her laugh even more. At the end of the evening, Jessica threw caution to the wind and asked him, "Andrew, would you like to come over to my place this weekend for dinner?"

But her heart fell when he replied, "My apologies, lovely, but I will actually be busy this weekend. Can I call you instead?" She agreed and gave him her number, and he gave her a business card of his tattoo shop and wrote on the back, "One free tattoo of choice, given personally by owner." And with that he took each hand and raised them to his lips and kissed them, and she pulled them away and threw herself into his arms and locked her lips onto his, reveling in their firmness and even met him tongue to tongue with their arms wrapped around each other until Jill finally had to separate them and pull Jessica into the waiting taxi. The girls watched and waved to the standing men as the cab pulled away, and when settled Jill asked her, "I take it that you liked him enough to get rid of any and all thought of Marshall?"

"Marshall who?" Jill said, causing them both to laugh.

And the entire ride back to her apartment, Jessica knew that come Monday she would finally get her tattoo, but knew that she needed to make a few touch ups to impress Andrew. And this meant going to the nearby nudist club that nobody, not even Jill, knew that she went to, which she had also not been to in over a month. But Jessica knew she wanted to have a tan for Andrew to admire, and so that Friday morning, after her shift from the bar was over, she jumped in her car and arrived at the Basking Tortoise nudist club to begin her weekend of clothes free enjoyment. Jessica showed her membership card, greeted friends she hadn't seen in quite a while, and in the entry locker room stripped and lathered on a good amount of sunscreen to every part of exposed skin she could reach, with one of her friends helping her get the rest. Once inside, she realized she had been gone for far too long, and as she approached the pool ready to just lay out, climbing the stairs came a sight that took her breath away and made her freeze in panic. There was her newest sexual fantasy from the other night, Jill's cousin Andrew, in all his naked glory as she was, with the flame style tattoos she knew were there running down his arms, chest, and back, with pierced nipples, and the most awesomely flaccid 8" cock she had ever seen. As she stood there, admiring his form, he turned and she saw the surprise in his face and he began walking towards her, as she just stood there, petrified.

Andrew approached her, wondering what she was doing here, even though he was in no position to argue. Ever since hearing Jill's comments about her friend, and then meeting Jessica the other night, made his sexual dreams even more real. He had come to town planning on only opening his tattoo shop after his divorce made him start over, and that included finding a place to continue his nudism, which his ex-wife had introduced him to. And when Jessica invited him to her place this weekend, he really wanted to go, but had already made reservations for the weekend at the Basking Tortoise, and would have invited her to have a glimpse at her beautiful body, but wasn't sure if she would understand, and so gave her the opportunity to hopefully see him Monday for a tattoo, and maybe more. But here she was, and a better sight he couldn't ask for as he continued to fight a growing erection and a need to know why she was there.

"Jessica, what are you doing here? Does Jill know you're here?"

"Oh no, not Jill. I don't think she would understand me coming here. But this a surprise to find you here. Are you with someone? And how long have you enjoyed being a nudist?"

"No. I wanted to test out a nudist club in the area and found this place for the weekend. And my ex-wife introduced me to it about three years ago. How long have you been coming here?"

"My whole family are nudists, and I've been a member of this resort for about five years. I try to come as much as possible, even though it's been over a month since I could slip away. My ex-boyfriend would never have understood, and I had to hide my trips here the whole time we were going out."

They then lapsed into a bit of an awkward pause, both feeling slightly embarrassed at their second meeting finding each other fully naked, yet also relieved that they would never have to hide their favorite pastime from another person, but instead enjoy it together.

"Look, Jessica, I know this feels weird, since we just met last night. But Jill wouldn't forgive us if we didn't talk to each other just because we've seen each other naked. But since we're here, how would you like to give me a tour of the club, and we can go from there?"

Jessica was listening to his deep voice the whole time, and started to have thoughts about sucking and fucking his beautiful cock and told him, "Sure, I'd love to." So they spent the rest of that morning walking the grounds as she showed him where everything was, introduced him to people she knew, and they even played nude volleyball and went for a swim to cool off. They further discussed their lives they didn't get to the previous night, and when they came across the stages being used for the nude competitions being held that weekend, they even joked about Jessica entering.

When they returned to the pool area, they were planning on lounging by the pool for the rest of the day, when suddenly she heard a familiar voice and turned towards the entry area to find out that what she was dreading had somehow come true. For walking in their direction, oblivious to her presence, was a petite, bleach blonde bimbo with small tits and a whining, nasally voice complaining being followed by her ex Marshall, both of them naked like everyone else, the same as the last time she saw them in her bed, and while she had a full body tan showing she experienced the nudist lifestyle, he was still pale and Jessica figured she was in the lifestyle, and actually dragged him into her lifestyle.

"I can't believe they made us take off everything right at the gate. Why can't we leave some kind of clothing on?," were just a few of the complaints coming from him, as Marshall was trying to hide his small dick that was erect because he was surrounded by naked flesh, followed behind. When he looked in Jessica's direction, he saw her and stopped dead in his tracks and stared, with his little blonde girl still walking until she realized he wasn't walking behind her and came back puffing.

"Marshall, what are you doing, stopping like that? I..." she said, and then stopped and turned in the direction his eyes, and she became very mad. "Why the hell are you staring at that naked tramp? She kicked you out remember, so get away from her."

"Quite a winner you picked, Marshall. She seems to suit you just fine."

"If you think you are going to steal him away from me, you've got another thing coming. So leave him alone."

"No need to worry. I want no part of him, so you have no need to worry about me."

"Ha! Now I remember you; you're the bitch who walked in on us and that I made Marshall leave behind. You apparently can't do any better now than some black, tattooed freak and..."

But she didn't finish the sentence as Jessica launched herself at the blonde tart and they began scratching and pulling and punching until Andrew stepped between and pulled them apart before they got kicked out. He pushed the blonde into Marshall and as he pulled her away, Jessica was still fuming and shaking against Andrew's body, which she felt ripple under her and his arms around her, and realized she was suddenly very horny and wanted him. She looked up and met eyes with him, and he bent down and they locked in a deep passionate kiss as her hands automatically moved downwards and grabbed his cock, gently stroking to bring him to life, for she wanted to fuck him right then and there. When their kiss broke, they suddenly realized how public they were, and while some expressed their disapproval of the fight and handjob scene, others enjoyed both as well. At this point, they both knew they wanted each other so she took his hand and they ran to her private cabin that she hurriedly unlocked and once inside they jumped into the bed, and instantly began feeling each other's bodies. The absence of clothes posed one less hindrance to their final destination, as Andrew moved first and made his way down Jessica'a body, kissing and licking her neck, then her breasts starting at the bottom and circling each until he reached the top and her hardened nipple. This he engulfed between his lips and licked and nipped at it, causing her to moan in pleasure and pain as he moved from one to the other, making them feel almost raw and sensitive with pleasure. And when she couldn't take anymore, she tried to pull him up toward her, wanting to feel his cock inside her pussy badly, but he pulled away and moved downward.

He kissed down her stomach, stopping to swirl his tongue in her navel, and then finally ended up at her shaved pussy, wet with excitement and sweet to his tongue as he dove in deep. The thickness and motion of his tongue, in conjunction with his fingers inserted into her pussy had her moaning and thrashing under him as her hips bucked up in a huge orgasm and collapsed on the bed, and before she could recover from that large orgasm Andrew moved upward and in one swift motion thrust his cock fully into her and began pounding into her.

"Oh yes, Andrew, that feels so fucking good! Pound that cock into me, baby, here I come again!" she yelled, as her pussy contracted time and again as she rolled through multiple orgasms until he finally unloaded his own cum into her pussy not five minutes later. He then collapsed on top of her, their sweating, heavily breathing bodies sliding against each other as they lovingly kissed each other and fell asleep in each other's arms. When they woke up it was dark outside and they struggled into the bath Andrew ran for them and kissed softly as they washed each other and dried off, then walked back to the main complex holding hands, naked, and sexually sated after finally relieving the sexual tension between them. There they had dinner, went for a romantic walk and swim, where they continuously made out and stole gropes and strokes, and by the time they made their way back to the cabin, they were primed again and fucked in almost every position they could think of until they fell asleep as the sun began creeping through the window.

When they awoke it was late morning and they made love again for an hour then washed each other's bodies in the shower before making their way back to the complex again, where they found many more people than the day before, and the nude competitions were preparing to go into full swing on the stage. They watched as beautiful nude women of every nationality waited on and off stage dressed in only sunscreen and Jessica even knew many of them and introduced Andrew, and they even tried to get Jessica to join in on the competitions, but she refused. And as they walked around, admiring the competitors, they suddenly came face to face with Marshall and his blonde companion, whose name Jessica still didn't know and didn't care to know. The blonde was wearing a number 25 on and a look of contempt on her face for Jessica, with Marshall trailing behind her.

"Well, well, the bitch decided to come out. And by the absence of a number, it seems that you don't feel up to going against someone better, which is how I got your man away from your ugly ass."

Jessica felt her anger building inside her and so wanted to beat the tar out of her, but suddenly had a better idea.

"Actually, I was just on my way to register. Sorry to burst your bubble, but we woke up only a short time ago after an all night fuck fest that lasted until dawn. Of course, you probably wouldn't know anything about that, since Marshall's puny little cock could never last more than ten minutes."

And as she and Andrew walked away to find the registration, Jessica suddenly realized that she was actually excited to join the competition, not only to kick the crap out of the blonde bimbo, but also to show off her sexy body not only to the public, but she also knew that it would turn Andrew on and they would have to run off the stage back to the cabin before she fucked him hard on stage in front of everyone. So they found the registration table, with Jessica being given the number of 99, which made her smile because of her night with Andrew, as well as a set of platform heels and a fully oiled body Andrew helped with, and with a final kiss climbed the stairs and began to stretch and prepare her body. The competition began less than an hour later, and Jessica watched as one woman after the other strutted on stage and showed off their bodies, including full tans, tan lines, tattoos, piercings and even body painted designs, while some used stripper poles and even dumped certain liquids, such as milk, on their bodies. The blonde went through a sexy routine, and when it finally came time for Jessica to perform, she went into a whole routine of stretching, splits, and bending over to show off her ass and juicing pussy, then jumped on a stripper pole and slid up and down. She went on for about 15 minutes, and afterward made her way back to Andrew where she jumped into his arms and kissed him hard.

"Damn baby, you were fantastic out there. How did you learn all those sexy moves?," Andrew asked, his hands holding onto her ass.

"I've been dancing since I was 5 years old, and I didn't realize how much I could do with it, since Marshall was never interested in it. But I wanted to show off for the blonde bitch and was even thinking about all the naughty things I wanted to do to you," she said, feeling his cock starting to harden against her flat belly and they began kissing until they broke and realized they had attracted attention again. He struggled and finally got himself soft again, and suddenly saw the blonde and Marshall approaching, with her still sporting a number on her arm as they brushed past and ignored her. But Jessica was still in it, and lasted the rest of the day, with her performances becoming sexier every time, and contestant after contestant was voted out, until she and the blonde were left in the top 10. These last 10 would compete the next day and when they were done for the day, Jessica and Andrew ran back to the cabin and went straight to fucking each other's brains out for the next few hours, using the same things they did the night before, as well as other things.

When Jessica was riding his cowgirl style, with sweat running down her naked body and joining his, his cock slipped from her pussy and when she reached around and grabbed it to put it back in, she suddenly had a very naughty idea. She placed it higher and took him by surprise as she pushed him into her tight ass, easily lubricated by their combined cum and sweat and began ass fucking his cock, making him fill her rear end with his cum as they finally collapsed together.

"Oh baby, you've got such a great ass. If I had known you wanted that, I would've done it a long time ago."

"Well, I didn't really think I did want it until a second before I put it there, and just went with it. And I'm glad I did, because when you recover, I want you in my ass for the rest of the night." And from ten minutes later until an hour later, that's exactly what he gave to her until they fell asleep again.

And the next morning, they washed, shaved and oiled her body, and attached her number again, then walked back to the competition, where they found the contestants waiting for the day to begin. Jessica began talking to the majority of the group, except for Marshall's blonde, which consisted of three other blondes, a black girl, two brunettes, and an Asian. And when it did begin they all did very well showing off for the cameras, with Jessica becoming a very sexy exhibitionist, while the enemy blonde was easily eliminated near the beginning and gave her the evil eye. And at the end of the day, while Jessica didn't win, she did take third place, to which they celebrated with the camp that night at the party, and when she and Andrew finally made it back to the cabin around two o'clock in the morning, they were so tired that they made slow love and each came only once before they fell asleep after a very blissful weekend together. They decided to stay the next day and enjoyed each other's company, even sneaking off to a secluded area for a quickie a few times and made preparations to return home that evening. They said goodbye for a long time in the parking lot with a few long, sexually charged kisses.

The next morning, shortly after the tattoo parlor opened, Andrew heard the bell signaling a customer and found a very stunning Jessica in a flower print sundress having entered. They melted into each other's arms and went back to his office, where they had sex for over an hour and when they came out, he gave her her first tattoo of a 3rd place trophy and the date on the small of her back, surrounded by the same flame tattoos he had on his arms. And for the next month she would get a new one every week, all done by him, and then she let him pierce her nipples, then clit, and they would screw both before and after, and also spent almost every night together at each other's place, and the nudist club on the weekends.

After a year together, they were at the club and after their swim they went to lay where their towels were and when Jessica picked hers up a small box fell from it. She picked it up and when she opened it and found a diamond ring inside and realized what it was, looking up at Andrew to find him smiling as she began to tremble and cry. He grabbed her hand and took the small box, guiding her to sit down and went into the most beautiful speech she had ever heard.

"Jessica, when we first met I thought you were the most beautiful woman I had ever met, and then when I saw you without your clothes on the next day it was even better because I knew our passions would be the same. And since then, I have been the happiest man ever, and now I want to ask, will you marry me?" And she looked at him through her tears and nodded yes, then watched as he went to put the ring on her finger, but she stopped him. She then removed her clit ring and had him put the diamond ring there, where it went every weekend they were at camp, and outside their weekends it was on her finger.

A month later, after disclosing to their family and friends who knew nothing about their nudist lifestyles, Jessica and Andrew were wed alongside Jill and Leo (now comfortable in their own nude skins) in a double ceremony at the club, which was attended by not only everyone from the club, but also family and friends who had accepted it and decided to try it as well, if only to attend the wedding. Jessica and Jill wore only a garter, veil, and her platform heels from the competition, while the men wore bow ties, and that wonderful night ended with alcohol, dancing, and a few small orgies from those guests who were still getting used to the idea of public nudity. And when the newlyweds retired to their cabin, their love making alternated between hard and fast, then slow which built to fast and lasted for almost the entire night.

The next day, they met up with Jill and Leo for breakfast, all wearing blissful smiles on their faces.

"You know, Jessica, I really wish you hadn't held back on this lifestyle. I've really gotten used to being naked, especially since one of the perks is easy access to Leo without having to worry about clothes, which saves valuable time."

"I was always afraid that you would think it was weird and it would put a strain on our relationship. I'm glad to know I was wrong."

"Damn right you were. I've always told Jill she looks damn sexy without clothes, and now I get to see her naked continuously. In fact, Jill, how would you like to make it a business of staying naked all the time?," chimed in Leo, who was now looking at his beautiful wife with a small smile.

Jill straightened up and looked him in the eye, asking "What do you mean, Leo? Are you thinking of starting your own nudist resort any time soon?"

"Actually, I was thinking of taking one over. I've been talking with the owners, Ray and Ida, and they're actually thinking of retiring after thirty years running this place. I've been thinking about getting into the resort business, and buying this place seems like a good opportunity. What do you think?"

"I actually think it's a great idea, since I never really want to put on clothes again if I don't have to. Jess, Andrew, what do you guys think about it?"

Andrew chimed in this time, saying, "I think it's an awesome idea. In fact, Jess, why don't we move onto the property permanently and work here?"

"But Andrew, what about your tattoo parlor? You just opened it."

"I'll commute during the day and get to come home and be naked with you afterward, while you can stay here naked all day, which is a visual I'll have all day and show you when I get back."

"Well in that case, I'd be glad to stay naked all day if it helps to inflate our sorry excuse of a sex life."

They all laughed at that, knowing the truth, and so Jill and Leo bought and ran the place, with Jessica working in the office every day and welcoming Andrew home every day to relieve his tensions.

