No Strings Attached
by anonenffan

No Strings Attached (Chapter 1)

Warm, salty air flowed around as a small boat towed a water skier around.  It was a beautiful summer day, a small group of friends were making the most of it.  None of them were particularly talented at the sport, but they all found it fun, and they all had a playful laugh when one of them would lose their grip and splashed into the water.

And though she found the activity amusing, Katherine didn’t necessary want to take part.  It wasn’t that she was scared of the water, or inexperienced at water skiing.  Her real problem was that she did not know they were going to be doing that today.  If she did, she would have chosen a better swimsuit.

What she currently had was better for tanning rather than actual swimming.  She was wearing a bright red string bikini that tied at the sides.  While it was comfortable, Katherine was always a little bit concerned that they may come untied at an inappropriate moment.  Her bikini top felt like it had similar integrity.  She hadn’t even trusted this swimsuit to a proper swim at the beach yet.

“Kath, you gotta try this out!”  One of her friends chuckled.

“Yeah, it’s so much fun!”  Added another.

Katherine hesitated.  “Well, I dunno…”  She kicked her feet as she sat atop the seat on the boat.  If she didn’t know how her suit would hold against a regular swim, she couldn’t imagine it doing well while waterskiing.

Clearly, her friends were displeased.  “Kath-y!  Kath-y!  Kath-y!”  They began a chant.

The peer pressure was pouring on.  Katherine didn’t want to take any unnecessary chances with her swimsuit, though her friends weren’t letting up.  She was quickly becoming the center of attention, which was a position that often made her feel uneasy.

“Alright, alright!  I’ll do it!”  Katherine submitted with a feigned playful laugh.  “Give me the thing,” she said, waving her hand at the handle of cable.

“Whoa whoa whoa,” said one of her friends.  “Safety first,” they said with a chuckle, presenting her with a life jacket.

Katherine smiled and picked up the life jacket, and tried to slide her arms through it, before pulling it over her head.  It was a tight squeeze over her breasts, but with some work, she was able to get it to fit.  Something felt off with her bikini top though, as if it didn’t fit correctly with the life jacket.

She soon realized that it was because the jacket was so tight, that it moved her bikini top from it’s proper place.  Thanks to the life jacket, her friends weren’t able to tell, but if she had to take the life jacket off, her breasts were very likely to be exposed!

“Alright Kath, hang on to this tight.  You’re gonna try it barefoot, which means I’ll have to gun it hard,” said one of her friends at the controls of the boat.

Katherine nodded, taking the handle of the cable and gripping it tight.  She climbed over the end of the boat and into the water with a splash.  The water was a bit cooler than she expected, which earned a gasp of surprise.  The life jacked lunged her to the top of the water, and she held onto the cable.

She moved a hand to inspect the knots of her bikini bottom.  They seemed to be still there, but something wasn’t right.  Like they shouldn’t be as tight as they needed to be.

“Alright, you ready Kath?”  Said her friend at the controls.

Katherine wanted to shout ‘no’ so she could fix her bikini bottom, but she didn’t want to admit to possibly having a wardrobe malfunction.  She would just have to hope the bikini bottom would hold.

“Y-yeah!  Ready!”  Katherine shouted in a feigned excitement.

She gripped the handle tightly as the boat motor began to hum to life, starting to pull her.  Katherine cringed and blushed, feeling the water start to rush over her skin, faster and faster.  It was getting difficult to tell where the water was directly touching her skin and where it wasn’t.

As the boat increased in speed, Katherine began to rise out of the water, being lifted up.  Before long, she was properly barefoot skiing.  Having the wind whip over her skin was an exciting feeling, and the sheer speed of the boat was giving her an adrenaline rush.

She glanced down, and to her surprise, her bikini bottom held firm.  It was a quick glance, as she had to focus on maintaining her balance, but all seemed well for her wardrobe.  Katherine smiled as she glided over the water.

Her friends cheered, as she skiid over the ocean waters near the beach.  The knots of the bikini bottom must have been more well tied than she thought.  Katherine even felt confident enough to attempt a few tricks in the water.

However, something soon began to feel amiss with her bikini bottom.  Katherine glanced down, noticing that the knots started to loosen.

“Oh no!”  Katherine was alarmed.  She tried not to change her stance to much out of fear that it might hasten the process.  In alarm, she began to wave at her friends to try and get them to slow down.

“I think Kath’s waving for you to speed up!”

“Alright, hold onto your hats!”

The boat motor gave a proud roar as it sped up, tugging Katherine along even faster.

“Oh no!”  Katherine gasped.  At this quicker speed, she couldn’t even lower a hand to try and protect her bikini bottom, or else she would lose her grip on the handle.  Still, the strings slowly began to feel more and more loose.

Things were quickly getting bad, as she tried to bring her legs together, in an effort to possibly clamp her bikini between her legs.  However, just attempting that made her stance unsteady.  Did she dare to let go?

Katherine didn’t get a chance to answer that question.  The knots came undone, and the bikini bottom fluttered free from her body to be claimed by the water.  She was bottomless now!

Upon realizing this, Katherine blushed a deep shade of red and clamped her legs tightly together.  She lost her grip on the handle and fell into the water.  The life jacket forced her back up to the surface with no trouble, but she had to count on the water to keep her bottom half hidden.

Katherine looked back for her missing swimsuit half, but there was no sign of it.  She couldn’t see it at all, it was as if it just disappeared.  She was half-naked, and her friends were turning the boat around to come get her right now!

What would she do?  How would she explain this?  She didn’t want her friends seeing such intimate areas!

The boat approached, as her friends were laughing.

“Wow Kath, that was quite the wipeout!  Come on back in!”

Katherine hesitated, blushing.  Did they not see her lose her swimsuit yet?  Maybe there was a way out of this yet.

“Um… actually, you know what, the water feels nice.  I think I’m gonna swim for a bit!”  Katherine said.

Her friends collectively shrugged.  “Suit yourself, but can you toss the life jacket back?”

Now this was a problem.  The top of her bikini didn’t feel like it was sitting right under the life jacket.  However, it was a risk Katherine would have to take to try reaching the beach.

“S-sure!”  Katherine said, trying to push the life jacket up over her head.  She attempted to do this slowly, so the bikini top wouldn’t fall off her body either.  However, the life jacket was tight over her breasts.  Getting it off over her head required an alarmingly firm tug, but she did it anyway to quickly get her friends away.

Finally, the life jacket slid free over her her head.  Only she couldn’t feel her bikini top.  It was like it was gone, Katherine’s swimsuit had completely disappeared, lost to the ocean water.

Her friends snatched the life jacket from her hands, as they moved down to cover her exposed breasts.

“Thanks Kath!  We’ll meet you back up by the docks!”

“S-sure!”  Katherine said with a fake smile, as the boat sped away, taking away the only cover the girl had.

She turned and faced the beach, treading water.  Katherine was completely naked, and somehow she was going to have to make it back to the docks.  Her heart thumped away, as she was unsure what she could even do.


No Strings Attached (Chapter 2)

Things seemed to be impossible.  Katherine frantically looked around the water for any trace of her bikini bottom.  They were bright red, they had to be easy to spot.  Her naked body treaded water as she searched the waters near her.  There was no sign of it.  The ocean water had a way of making the most vibrant objects seem completely invisible.

It was gone.  Katherine didn’t have an exit strategy, but whatever she came up with, she was going to have to do it completely naked.  That thought made her shiver, despite it being a warm day.

She glanced towards the beach, seeing it be fairly busy.  There was a volleyball game going on, people with metal detectors looking for treasure, people building sand castles, and a lot of people tanning.  Other swimmers were close by, though they hadn’t noticed Katherine yet.

Could she sneak by them?  What if she couldn’t?  They’d see her naked!  She wasn’t supposed to allow anyone to see her this way!  That kind of embarrassment would be too much for her.  Perhaps her friends would be more mature about her situation and be more helpful?

Katherine could see her friends in the boat, preparing for the next round of barefoot water skiing.  Even if they might actually be helpful, that boat was going to be moving a lot faster than she could swim.  There’d be no way for her to catch up.  She would still need her friends help, she didn’t drive her own car here, and her only change of clothes was on the boat.

Somehow, Katherine was going to have to get to the docks, and sneak past everyone to do it.  She couldn’t tread water forever.

Her best bet to escape without being noticed would be to try and sneak past all of the tanners.  If they were tanning, their eyes might not even be open.  Maybe she could even grab a towel.  She hated the idea of resorting to stealing, but she needed some form of cover.  It was her only chance.

So, Katherine began to swim towards the tanner section of the beach.  Her heart was racing the whole time.  Technically, this created a longer path to the docks when she got on dry land, but it would be much easier if she could borrow a towel.

Her arms wrapped around her breasts as she felt the ground beneath her feet underwater.  The thought of letting her body resurface made her hesitate.  Once she was out of the water, anyone looking at her would know that she didn’t have a swimsuit.  Her face already felt hot from blush just thinking about it.

There was a splash, and a beach ball floated just to the right of Katherine.  She then looked at the brightly colored ball in the water, and looked to her right, wondering where it came from.

“Hey!  Over here!”  Came a voice from behind her.

Katherine felt a tightness in her chest as she looked behind her, and saw several people also swimming the water, waving at her.  They could nearly see her topless half!

She quickly grabbed the beach ball and held it in front of her chest to conceal herself, and forced a smile onto her glowing face.  “H-hello!”

“Throw me the ball back!”  said one woman, waving her hands at Katherine.

“Oh!  R-right!  Sure!”  Katherine said with a nervous smile.  That ball wasn’t hers, but it was the only thing hiding her.  She wanted to keep it, to hang on to it, to keep it close to her while she snuck around.  It wasn’t clothing, but it did separate her bare skin from curious eyes.

A moment passed, and the woman waved her hands at Katherine again.  “…Come on, just toss it to me!”

“Oh!  Sorry!  Ha ha,” Katherine gave a nervous chuckle.  She took a deep breath, and tightly held the ball, as if it was a giant basket ball.  The naked girl did a small jump to throw the beach ball to the other girl, feeling her breasts emerge from the water.  They were exposed!  People could see them!

The other girl caught the ball.  “Thanks!”  She said with a smirk, looking back at Katherine, who was staying as low as possible in the water, arms wrapped tightly around her chest.  “Are you alright?”

Katherine had her eyes wide open, feeling her pulse racing inside her chest.  “Who, me?  Y-yeah I’m fine!  Thanks for asking though!”   She said, putting on a fake smile.

The other girl stared for a moment longer, before her friends called back to her.  She shrugged, and then swam away, leaving Katherine alone.

“Phew,” the naked girl wiped a hand across her forehead.  She had to focus on getting some form of cover on the beach now.  Katherine began to move forward again, looking through the many people tanning on the beach front.  Her eyes laid on an unoccupied towel.

That was her only chance.  She had to borrow a towel.  So, Katherine took a deep breath and made sure nobody was looking her way, and started to run through the ocean water, to get on land.  Her feet sunk slightly in the sand, and she could feel the air on her naked skin.

Her nudity was easily visible, prompting her to get moving as quickly as she could towards that unoccupied beach towel.  On her way, she saw various people tanning, laying in different positions, baking in the sun.  Nobody seemed to be paying any attention to Katherine, so she was going to take her chance.

She approached the towel that currently wasn’t being used, keeping her hands over her intimates, seeing one nearby woman laying face down on her own towel next to it.  Her head was tilted towards the towel Katherine was going to take, and she was wearing sunglasses.  There was no way for Katherine to tell if she was watching or not.

‘Just be quick,’ Katherine thought to herself, as looked around, feeling very exposed, and then reached down for the towel.

“Whoa!”  The nearby girl suddenly looked up.

“Ah!  Sh sh sh!”  Katherine begged for silence, trying not to draw attention.  “I um… I just need to um… um…”

The girl sat up and looked at Katherine, removing her sunglasses to confirm what she was seeing.  She seemed baffled.  “Are we allowed to tan like that here?”

Katherine was still in shock over being seen completely naked, and wasn’t even sure how to respond.  All she could do was cover herself and fumble her words.

“If that’s allowed, there’s no way I am taking on tan lines.”  The girl said, reaching behind her back to untie her own swimsuit.  The cups of the bikini top fell free, letting her own breasts find freedom.

As she began to untie the strings of her bikini bottom, Katherine finally found her voice.  “U-um… actually… I uh… lost…”  She gulped.  “I lost my suit… I don’t know if you can tan like… that.  I was kind of hoping that… I could borrow this towel, and bring it back when I find new clothes.”

The girl had pinched a couple of strings of her bikini bottoms between her fingers, and looked at Katherine with disappointment.  “Aw, really?  So we can’t tan nude?”  She glanced around.  “Ah screw it, I’m already topless.”  She tugged at the strings, loosening the bikini bottom and allowing them to fall off her body, leaving her just as naked as Katherine.

Katherine’s eyes widened, taking a glance around the beach.  If one naked girl didn’t draw everyone’s attention quickly, then two were going to make it happen quicker.  This girl was making her own choices  and taking her own risks though.  Katherine was naked by accident and needed cover!

“Um… do you know who’s using this towel?  Or do you maybe have an extra?”  Katherine said, with her voice barely above a whisper.

“Actually I do.”  The girl said, reaching for her bottle of sun lotion.  She bit her lip and nodded her head to the left and to the right.  “It’s my girlfriend’s towel.  You can borrow it though.”

“R-really?”  Katherine asked.

“Sure!  It’s a cheap towel anyway, it’s not a big deal if it’s lost.”  She giggled.  “When she comes back from getting something to drink, we have an excuse to share my towel now.”  She said, getting a blush of her own, with a mischievous grin.  “I’m Becky, by the way.”

Katherine wasn’t sure what to say.  Simply by approaching Becky, she had decided to strip right in front of her, only briefly caring about the rules of the beach.  Clearly, Becky wasn’t ashamed of her body.

“Thank you!”  Katherine said as politely as she could, as her hands reached down, abandoning her intimates, and grabbed the towel.  She wrapped it around her torso as quickly as she could, quickly feeling the warmth that the towel provided.  “Excuse me,” Katherine said, feeling relieved to be covered again, at least partially.

Becky began applying sun tan lotion to her newly exposed skin.  “She’s got a cute butt.”  She said to herself with a giggle.

Katherine quickly made her way to the boat docks.  She held onto that towel as tightly as she could, as it was her only cover.  Becky didn’t seem to think it was very valuable if it was lost, but Katherine needed it to protect her decency!  So she hung onto it, feeling very nervous around other people tending to their boats.

There was a rumbling of a boat motor, and the sound of high energy rock music coming from the radio as her friends approached with the boat they were using.  It seemed like they were moving a bit too fast.

“Yo watch this!  I’m a master sailor!”  Said one of Katherine’s friends, who was at the command of the boat.  He did a sharp turn, and Katherine saw the back side of the boat was facing towards her.  Then, he made the engine of the boat roar, canceling the boat’s momentum, but also throwing a bunch of water up on the dock directly towards Katherine.

“Ah!”  Katherine raised her hands to protect her face as there was suddenly a lot of water crashing into her body.  She lost her balance and fell backwards as the incoming water slowly died down.

“Oh man, you are CRAZY!”  joked one of Katherine’s other friends.

“That was so fun, hey Kath, did you see… WHOA!”

All of Katherine’s friends looked towards Katherine to see the commotion.  They were stunned, but a moment later, there was some giggling among her friends.

Katherine shook her head to shake some water off of her face.  “What?  What’s so funny?”

“Towel!”  One of her friends simply shouted.

“Towel?”  Katherine repeated in a confused tone, before looking down, and seeing that her towel had been blasted off her body as a result of her friends death defying boat stunt.  Meaning she was sitting down on top of the towel, in front of her friends, legs spread, arms at her sides, completely naked.

In seconds, her face began to rapidly take on a bright red color.  “Ahh!”  She squeaked, as her legs snapped together, as she suddenly hugged herself to cover her exposed chest.  Her friends had all seen her!  They had seen every part of her!

There was a bunch of giggling all around, though despite their amusement, one of her friends was quick to approach with another towel to wrap around Katherine.

“Ha ha, I’m sorry Kath, we thought something was up when we found your top in the life jacket.  We didn’t think you lost your bottoms too!”  One of her female friends said helping her up.  “You should have said something!

“I tried to not have anyone see me…”  Katherine said through her blush.  “Only one person saw for sure, she was nice about it though.”

Although Katherine’s friends couldn’t help but have a few giggles and laughs at her, they did ultimately make sure Katherine was okay.  As they helped her back onto the boat to get her extra clothes, the guys of the group were vigilant to get in the way of photography attempts in case anything else happened with Katherine’s towel.  Meanwhile, the girls sympathized by telling stories of times they ended up on the wrong end of a lot of wardrobe malfunctions.  It shifted some of the giggling off of Katherine, which made her feel a lot better about what happened.

If anything, it allowed Katherine to giggle and smile after her experience.  It actually wasn’t so bad, though she would have liked more control.  In the back of her mind, she wanted to suggest taking the boat to a nude beach, where losing a swimsuit wouldn’t be such a problem.

Maybe next time.
