Hi this is Citu Sachin from Mumbai age 23 and please gives your comment about story on. My father normally goes on business tours. This incident took place few months back. My dad was out of station as usual. One day, dad called me and said that Prashant name changed will be coming to Mumbai with his wife Deepika name changed for few days.

He told me to pick them from the airport the next day. He said he will be back within 2 days. Till that time, you take good care of them. Prashant lives in Jalandhar Punjab with his wife Deepika. Prashant's father is a very good friend of my dad.

Prashant was just like a big brother for me. We had very good family relations with them. Prashant was coming to Mumbai for some official work as well as Mumbai darshan as they are elder than me, I used to call them bhaiya and bhabhi. Prashant bhaiya is 30 years old while Deepika bhabhi was 28.

Let me tell you about Deepika bhabhi. She is 5 feet 7 inches tall. She looks very much similar to film actress Preity Zinta but her figure was much better than Preity Zinta. She had a nice voluptuous busty figure. Her fig was 38 30 36. Looking at my bhabhi's body, you can make out that she is really hungry for sex and wants more and more.

Deep down inside, I wanted to fuck her like an animal. Next day, I went to the airport in evening to pick Prashant bhaiya and Deepika bhabhi. I picked them up from the airport. Deepika bhabhi was really looking sexy wearing saari and with her low-neck sleeveless blouse as my car was in servicing centre for some problem

We came home by taxi while coming home, we chatted for a while like normal stuffs when people meet after long time. We reached home at night, we had dinner chatted and watched TV together. I arranged their sleeping in guest room and I switched on the AC in that room.

We all went to sleep at 10 pm and it was around midnight I was sleeping in my room and I woke up as I was feeling thirsty. I went to the kitchen to get water. As I passed through guest room, I heard some shouting. The door of the room was closed as the AC was on. I went near the room. I heard Deepika bhabhi shouting and saying

You are good for nothing you can't hold your erection for at least 30 seconds also. Bhaiya said honey I'm tired today and tomorrow I have to wake up early in the morning. Bhabhi said, it happens every night you satisfy yourself without taking care of me.

Their quarrel subsided after few minutes and after that, I went to my room to sleep. Next day in the morning, Prashant bhaiya told me to take bhabhi to her friend's place as he has to go out for official work, so he couldn't accompany her and as my dad told me to take good care of them.

I couldn't say no to them actually the friend was bhabhi's school friend who got married to a man in Mumbai and she was meeting her after long time. Bhabhi didn't know much about Mumbai that is why she wanted me to go with her, so bhaiya went out for his official work.

I was supposed to come back at around 5 in the evening after bhaiya went out, me and bhabhi got dressed up and went to bus stop to board a best bus. Actually bhabhi's friend lives in Mulund, which was at least 2 hours from my place with normal traffic ad there were very limited bus, which use to go to that place from my place.

My car was down and there was no choice but to travel in bus for such a long distance. We boarded the bus in the bus, we were sitting together. We chatted a lot in 2 hours' journey. After that, we reached her friend's place. Bhabhi met her childhood friend and we were there for few hours.

Lets cut the story short and get to the main part. It was 7 pm in the evening when we came out of her friend's place. I and bhabhi was walking to the bus stop to get the bus. Deepika bhabhi was looking really sexy. She was wearing a tight salwar suit in which all her curves were visible.

Her boobs were so big that I felt like squeezing them hard. We reached the bus stop. We were waiting in a line to board the bus and the bus came after 20 minutes. We boarded the bus as it was peak hours, there were no seats available in the bus, so we were both standing together.

The bus started moving after each and every stop the rush in the bus started increasing more and more. Bhabhi was standing in front of me and within few minutes the rush was so much that my front body was touching the back side of my bhabhi. My crotch was touching my bhabhi's ass.

I felt little bit uncomfortable as it was not intentional. I was trying to control myself. Bhabhi turned her face backwards towards me. She gave me a naughty look and then started looking in front within few seconds my 8 inch dick got really hard and the bulge in my pant

I was pressing her soft ass cheeks bumps or buttocks. She turned her face backward again and gave me a naughty smile. I understood that she was enjoying it. She was now intentionally pressing and rubbing her ass on the bulge in my pant. I was getting horny. I was becoming bold now.

I place my hand on her ass and started feeling her soft ass cheeks bums. Current was flowing through by body. I grabbed ass cheeks & squeezed them tightly. She made a sound ouch then, I started moving my hand in front. It was a crowded bus, so nobody cared to notice what was going on.

She was hanging her purse on the right shoulder. I moved my hand to the right side around her waist, and my hand was hiding between her purse and waist. I pulled her body towards me, and I was pressing my dick deep into her ass crack giving jerks.

She was enjoying every moment of it, and her eyes were closed. I was talking in ears. I asked her how are you feeling bhabhi? Do you like it? She said, yaa citu I love it, lagta hain aaj tum meri gaand phaad doge. I was really shocked to hear those dirty words from her.

I moved my hand inside her suit and started feeling her soft stomach slowly, I started moving my hand up inside her suit and pressed her big boobs over her bra alternatively, I was pressing my dick on her ass crack as if I'm fucking her ass.

I whispered in her ears, bhabhi! You are so sexy and I love your body your boobs and your ass. She replied, wht abt me? Don't you love me? I said I love u bhabhi, jee karta hain yahin aapke kapde phaadkar chodna chaloo karoon. She said, thoda sabar kar lo, ghar aane ke baad jee bhar ke chod lena every dirty word from her mouth was making me more mad.

Now, I moved my hand down and slowly moved it inside her salwar and felt her panty. It was really wet then, I moved my hand inside her panty and started feeling her pussy. Her pussy was clean shaved. Meanwhile, I was still pressing my dick on her ass crack from behind within few seconds.

I inserted my middle finger inside her pussy and started fingering her rigorously. Her eyes were closed, and now, she was moaning in pleasure. She was saying ahhhhhhh Citu pls be gentle but I was fingering her vigorously and pressing my dick from behind.

She was moaning slowly as it was a crowded bus, there was lot of noise, so nobody cared what was going on and everyone was frustrated because of rush and heat but we were enjoying every moment of our bus journey while standing in the bus while giving jerks from behind after few seconds.

I cum in my pant and my underwear became wet, but I was still fingering her pussy. I could feel her clit was swollen. I now inserted my other finger too giving her pleasure with 2 fingers after a while her body started shivering and she held my right hand tightly with which.

I was fingering her juice was flowing out from her wet pussy. She reached orgasm while standing in the bus. I moved my hand out of her salwar and started licking my fingers. After licking my finger, I whispered in her ear, Bhabhi you taste really good after some time

We got a place to sit while sitting together and we were looking at each other with lust in our eyes after some time, our stop came, and we got down from the bus. We walked towards our house within 2 minutes. I was waiting to reach home and pounce on my sexy bhabhi but when we reached home,

We saw Prashant bhaiya was already backing from work and I was cursing my luck at night me, bhaiya and bhabhi had dinner together. We were acting normal in front of bhaiya. We were looking at each other with lust, but we couldn't do anything in front of bhaiya.

We had to wait for the next day till bhaiya goes to work at around 11 pm and we all went to sleep in our respective rooms. I was not able to sleep. I was still thinking about the incident that happened in the bus. I was really getting horny.

I went to bathroom and masturbated 3 times thinking about my bhabhi. I was really feeling horny thinking about next morning how I will fuck bhabhi after bhaiya goes to work. I was feeling restless thinking about bhabhi. It was around 2 am at night.

I went to kitchen to drink water when I reached kitchen I saw bhabhi was standing in the kitchen and drinking water. It was quite dark in the kitchen. She was wearing saree. She didn't see me entering the kitchen because she was facing the other side.

I slowly went close to her and grabbed her from behind. She got scared and was about to shout but I placed my hand on her mouth and said, don't shout bhabhi it's me citu. She turned around and gave me a surprise look and said, Citu! What are you doing here?

I said bhabhi I can't stop thinking about you and I want to fuck you right now and after saying that, I pounced on her body and grabbed her tightly. I moved my hand on her shoulder and made her saree pallu fall from her shoulder. I started kissing her neck.

She tried to stop me. She said what are you doing citu? Are you out of your mind? I said, what happened don't you like it? She replied kuch to sharam karo, your bhaiya is sleeping in the next room and he might wake up. I said I don't care.

I pressed her body against the wall. Her soft body was crushed between my muscular body and the wall. I started squeezing her boobs over her blouse. She tried to stop me. She moved my hand from her boobs. I got angry and pressed her with both hands on the wall.

I moved my face near her face and tried to kiss her, but she moved her face sideways. I kissed her cheeks and licked her cheeks like a horny animal then, I slowly started moving down licking her soft neck. She was pleading, ohhh Cituyy pls stop, at least wait for tomorrow till your bhiaya goes to work.

If your bhaiya wakes up, he will kill me. She was willing to give her sexy body the next day, but I couldn't wait till tomorrow because I was really horny. Her pleading was falling on deaf ears. I was just like a hungry tiger pounding on prey. I started madly licking her neck slowly moving down. She was wearing her low neck blouse.

I licked her navel wildly and tried to remove the hook of her blouse. She resisted a little with her hands. I said, hey bitch I'm not going to stop. I removed the hooks of her blouse forcibly one by one after removing the hook and I could see her big boobs trying to come out of the bra.

I took her milky white boobs out of the bra and started sucking her boobs madly. I was squeezing her boobs mercilessly, and I was biting her nipples. I didn't care to take her to bed. I was just molesting her body in standing position in our kitchen.

She was moaning in pleasure saying ohhhhh please Cituy stop it thoda pyar se dabao, I'm your bhabhi, but her moan was making me mad, and I was becoming more rough and wild after sucking her boobs madly and I knelt down and I started licking her soft stomach.

I even started biting her stomach. Her eyes were closed then, I slowly touched her feet and started moving her petticoat and saree up and she said what are you doing? Please stop it, not now. I said, bhabhi I m just taking blessing from u by touching your feet.

I started moving her saree and petticoat up and started licking her soft legs. I slowly started moving her saree and petticoat up above her knees. I started licking her soft ware thighs madly. She was moaning in pleasure saying ahhh Citu you're very naughty.

I was licking and biting her thighs madly moving more close to her panty. Her resistance was completely over and she was enjoying every moment of it. We almost forgot that bhaiya was sleeping in the next room. I came near her panty and saw her panty was already wet.

I kissed her pussy over her panty wildly and she moaned wildly saying ufffff. I moved her saari and petticoat almost above her waist. I removed her panty slowly. I first kissed her pussy then, I rolled my tongue inside her pussy and started licking her pussy like a mad dog.

My tongue rolled deep in her pussy. She was getting more and more excited. She started saying ohhhhh Cituyy I love you. She was standing on her feet caressing my hair while I was on my knees licking her pussy madly. I said bhabhi you taste really great after some time

She held my hair tightly and pressed it more against her pussy. Suddenly juices started flowing from her pussy, and she reached orgasm. All her juices came to my mouth. I could see her juices flowing from her milky white thighs. I licked every drop of it.

I stood up and removed my pant immediately. After reaching orgasm, she was about to sit on the floor, but I held her tightly. I moved her petticoat and saree up above her waist. I stretched her legs and I tried to push my 6-inch hard dick in her pussy in standing position.

She was really tight after being married for 1 year. I pushed my dick hard, and after some time, it went fully in. She moaned ouccchh youu have dick of an elephant.

After inserting my dick, I lifted her soft bulky body with my hard muscular body, so her feet were not on the floor. Her legs were wrapped around my waist while her hands were wrapped around my neck. I was also holding her tightly in that position

I pressed her body on the wall and her back was supported by the wall, so I started fucking her half naked body in standing position. I started moving my dick in and out. I increased the speed. She was now screaming in pleasure ahhhh phaddd de apni bhabhi ki chut ko.

I said, Bhabhi pls be quiet, you will wake bhaiya up. She said, I don't care, your bhaiya doesn't know how to handle a woman in heat. She was screaming in pleasure without any worries while moving my dick in and out, I also started smooch her lips madly.

I rolled my tongue in her mouth and started exploring her mouth after some time, I started sucking her tongue. I didn't want her to shout, so I lip locked her mouth. It was taking long time for me to cum again and already cum thrice that night thinking about her.

I was at top speed fucking her pussy in standing position. She was biting my lips in pleasure after some time, her body became real stiff and her nails pricked my back making a mark. She reached orgasm again, but I was still fucking her pussy madly without stopping.

After a long time and I cum inside her pussy and I left her and she stood on her feet now. She was not able to stand. She just lied on the floor half naked. She was breathing heavily. Her hair was a mess. The hook of her blouse was open and her boobs were out of bra. Her saree and petticoat were way above her knees without panty.

She was looking really hot lying on the floor half naked. Looking at her condition, anyone can make out that she was raped mercilessly by me. I was just staring at her hungrily. After some time, she gained consciousness. She moved her boobs back in her bra.

She hooked her blouse and made her saree and petticoat proper then she stood up, took her panty which was lying on the floor and started walking towards her room without saying a word. I was staring at her backside while she walked towards her room.

She was not able to walk properly after she entered her room, I put my pants on and went back to my room, lied on my bed immediately. I was tired. I fell on the bed and went to sleep immediately. Next day in the morning, I woke up late. Bhaiya already went out to work.

I was in a hurry because I was supposed to meet my girlfriend today. Without wasting time, I went to bath immediately after taking bath, I wrapped a towel around my waist and came out of the bathroom when I came out of bathroom and I saw bhabhi standing in front of me.

She was without saree only wearing blouse and petticoat. She came near me, and she started moving her soft hand on my hard chest then, she started kissing and licking my chest. She was licking my chest slowly moving down.

Now, she was licking my abs then, she moved her hand and tried to remove my towel. I stopped her and said bhabhi I can't do this right now. I need to meet my GF today otherwise she is going to kill me.

Bhabhi said, I don't care you're the one who gave me multiple orgasm, and I want you to satisfy me right now after saying that she forcibly pulled my towel and removed it. I was now fully naked in front of her. She started staring at my naked body with lust.

I held her hair tightly and pressed her front body on the wall. Her backside was facing me. I hold her hair very tight and started kissing her neck from behind. I was licking and biting her neck from behind. She moaned ouchhhhhhh! Your too rough Cituy.

I tore her blouse from behind and threw it away then, I opened the hook of her bra from behind and it fell down. I started moving my hand over her backside. I was madly licking her backside slowly moving down. I knelt down and started licking her lower back.

She was standing on her feet facing the wall and enjoying my licking. Her eyes were closed, and she was moaning madly. I moved my hand in front and undid the strings of her petticoat, and it fell down. Her ass was now in front of my face.

She was now just in panty. I started licking her ass cheeks. I was biting her ass cheeks madly making my teeth mark. She was moaning ouch ahhhh, please don't do that, please don't make bite marks on my body, what will I say to my husband if he sees those mark.

I was just licking her back of thighs and biting it madly then, I stood up. I hold her hair tightly and pushed her in the bed. She lied on the bed just in panty while I was naked standing beside the bed. I went to the kitchen and bought a bottle of honey with me.

I climbed over her body with the honey bottle. I was over her while she was under my naked body. I poured some honey on her cheeks and lip then, I started licking the honey from her cheeks and lips wildly. I took some honey on my tongue and rolled my tongue deep inside her mouth and started smooch her.

After kissing her wildly, I poured some honey on her boobs and her stomach. I was madly sucking her boobs. I was mercilessly squeezing her boobs. I was biting her nipples and she was moaning loudly, and there were echoes of her moan all over the room after that

I started licking her stomach and biting it. I was molesting her whole body like a wild animal. I was literally licking her whole body. Then, I moved down and started licking her toes. I was slowly moving up licking her legs. She folded her legs.

I poured some honey on her thighs and started licking her thighs madly. While licking her legs, I was slowly reaching her pussy. I quickly removed her panty and buried my face between her legs. I was licking her pussy madly. Her hips were moving up with pleasure.

She was holding my hair very tightly and pulling my head more towards her pussy. She just wrapped her legs around my neck and I licked her pussy till her full satisfaction. I had no choice of moving my head because it was stuck between her legs.

After some time, she said it's time for you to fuck me hard. I just moved my head from her pussy. I stretched her legs and inserted my dick deep inside her pussy. I started moving my dick in and out. I was fucking her at top speed. I was on top of her, and she was under me.

We were holding each other very tightly. I was squeezing her delicate soft body with my hard muscular body while fucking her pussy and I was kissing her lips madly. She wrapped her legs around my waist after some time, her body became stiff, and she gave a loud sound, and she reached orgasm.

I also cum in her pussy at the same time and we both were breathing heavily. I was lying on her naked body. I moved away from her body and lied beside her and after sometime, she came over my body. She said its my time to return you favour.

I was under her now. She started licking my chest and slowly moving down licking my abs then, she held my dick in her hand. My dick was really shrink. She started stroking my dick. She moved the foreskin of my penis down and started sucking the head of my penis.

Her sucking was so good that within few seconds, I regained erection again. She stretched her legs and sat on my dick. She started riding my dick while I was under her. She started moving up and down. Her big boobs were bouncing. She was looking very hot from down.

After a long time and I cum and I was giving jerk, but she was still riding my dick within few seconds, she also reached orgasm and fell on my body. We took rest for few minutes lying in each other's arms and kissing each other madly then again,

She lay on the bed with her backside facing the ceiling. I kept a pillow under her lower stomach and her ass moved up then, I inserted my dick from behind inside her pussy. I started fucking her pussy from behind doggy style. I was holding her hair tightly while I was fucking her pussy from behind.

It looked like I was riding a horse. I cum inside her pussy again and lied on the backside of her body. We were in that position for some time. I again got horny, and I started spanking or slapping her ass cheeks. She was shouting ahhhhhhhh. I was biting and licking her ass cheeks.

I inserted my finger and slowly started fingering her ass hole. She was moaning in pleasure. After fingering her asshole for a while, I tried to insert my dick in her ass hole. Her ass hole was really small. She said please not with your dick your dick is very thick.

I will die if you fuck my asshole. She tried to move her body, but I forcibly pressed her body on the bed. I forcibly pushed my dick in her asshole. She shouted ouiiii maaa marr gayiii, pls ruk jaaoo. Her screams was making me more wild after a real hard push, I inserted my dick fully in her ass hole without any mercy.

I was fucking her asshole. She was crying please stop and I will die tears came from her eyes. I don't know but her pleading and crying was making me hornier. I was fucking her asshole holding her hair tightly from behind. After some time, her crying turned into soft moans. It felt like she was enjoying it.

I cum in her asshole and fell on her body and I was lying on her backside of body. We both were really tired, and we both went to sleep for almost 1 hour in that same position. She woke up after 1 hour and woke me up too when I woke up and I was still horny.

I told her to suck my dick and I stood up on the bed while she was sitting on the bed. She held my dick and started sucking the tip of my dick. My dick became hard. I removed her hand from my dick and told her not to touch it and then I hold her hair tightly with my both hands.

I inserted my whole dick in her small mouth and started fucking her mouth. I was moving my dick in and out holding her hair tightly. She was really choked while I was fucking her mouth. I was about to cum, and I cum on her face. I rubbed tip of my dick on her face and her lips.

Her cute face was looking real sexy with my white sperms. Then, she stood up from the bed and walked towards the bathroom to clean herself. She was not able to walk properly. We continued our fucking for almost 2 weeks till she was in Mumbai.

I fucked her in every corner of my house when bhaiya was in deep sleep at night, she used to come to my room after our fucking session, she used to go back to her room in early morning when me and bhaiya used to watch cricket match together on TV, she used to work in kitchen.

I used to go to kitchen in the name of drinking water and use to squeeze my bhabhi's boobs and ass wildly and even used to kiss her. She used to get scared and say your bhaiya is in the next room, behave yourself, but I never stopped doing it.

She always used to say that she liked the way and I used to molest her delicate body and roughly handle her body after 2 weeks, she went back to Punjab, but we still keep in touch through phone, talking dirty on phone.

She said that she is waiting for me to come to Punjab on my relative's marriage, which is after 6 months. I'm also waiting for that moment.
Let me tell you guys and if there is heaven on earth that is between the legs of women. Please give your comment about the story on  citusingh555@gmail.com
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!