


Initiation In College.

By Jeevan80 jeevan80@rediffmail.com

Hi Friends I get many life incidences from my fans and
they want me to do it in story form, furnishing me the
details whatever are required. So here is a story
based on that from the girls mouth.

I am Rakhee and I study in second year of my B.com. I
am 17, 55 tall with nice figure of 34  24  34. I
love to watch myself nude before the mirror admiring
myself, and even touching my cunt and boobs. Here is
an incidence from my college that initiated me into a
SLUT as I am now. So let me share it with you all.

I went to college after passing my 12 th std and
unfortunately my dad got transferred to Delhi ( I am
from Mumbai ) and shifted with the entire family
leaving me behind to study. I was admitted in the
Hostel and wished that I should also move along with
my family. But there was something different to happen
in my life.

I felt very lonely here in the hostel and tried to
engage myself in the studies but in vain. There was my
room mate, Rasika who was of same age but a bit too
forward. She used to change her clothes before me and
I was damn shy to do that. Rasika used to come late to
the room and when I asked her she used to just laugh
and say,  Rakhee! You dont know what all I have to
do for the seniors! Ragging ! they are ragging me!  I
was horrified and tried to console her. When we were
talking this somebody knocked our door. I opened it
and to my astonishment there were 5 boys and two girls
from last year of the B.com. they must have heard me
consoling Rasika.

One of the voluptuous Girl came forward and slapped me
saying,  So you are going to save that bitch from us
Hu? You slut whore! Sali haramzadi! Dekho kaisee baten
kar rahi thi. Chalo Sali ka roobab nikalenge! She
signaled one of the boys and he came forward and
caught my hands we the girl slapped me again. I was
terrified and apologized before them but in vain.
Other boy fished out long nylon rope from his pocket
and in mater of seconds tied my hands over my head.
Other one came and made me sit on the chair with my
legs tied to the side arms. I sat helpless on the
chair and was begging for mercy to those bastards. My
room mate too begged for mercy but in vain. She too
was soon sitting opposite to me in the same position.

Now the two girls sat on the beds, each on one
separately and called the boys near them. She smiled
at us wickedly and told the boys to undress us by
ripping open the gowns we were wearing. Soon my gown
was pulled and teared off from my body exposing my
nude body to all as I was not wearing any
undergarments. Rasikas condition too was same and we
both now sat on the chairs tied and helpless.

Now the five boys called the two girls, Richa and
Sapna and asked them to conduct the inquiry on the
charges of abusing the senior students. Richa came to
me and slapped me on my right cheek and asked me to
spread my legs so that she can see my cunt.

Oohhhh! See the sluts cunt! Randi ki choot par
bahoot baal hai! Ohhhhhhh! Dekhne do ki bahdwi kuwari
hai ya nahi! and with this she pushed her middle
finger in my cunt and rotated it. He was probing for
my Hymen but did not find any since I used to
masturbate with long cock like objects. She was a bit
upset and spit on my face. The dirty saliva running
from my fore head and falling onto my cheeks.

Randi chudi hui hai! Bol kitne lund dalkar chudwai
hai! Sali! Chal muh khol! and she again hit me hard
on my other cheek. Tears were about to depart my eyes
but she insisted I should tell them. I said,  Nahi !
maine wo saab nahi kiya. Maine to sirf pen aur choti
chije  dali thi! Muze azaad karo mai tumhare pair
pakadti hu.

But instead of that two boys came to me and unzipped
their pants producing two hard cocks before my face. I
was looking at such naked cocks for the first time and
hence was a bit terrified and at the same time a bit
excited too. Rasika was now begging for release to the
other girl, Sapna but in vain. She too had three cocks
to handle. Ohh it was so humiliating! I felt one cock
rubbing on my face while the other on my naked
breasts. Wet, sticky precome oozing from the cock was
spread on my face and boobs. My mouth was forced open
with the cock on my face. Oh It was huge 8 incher and
was just looking at it from real close distance. I had
to open my mouth or else I knew I will be slapped
again. I opened my mouth wide to avoid any problems
and he pushed his cock in savagely. My mouth was
stretched wide and the cock entered the virgin cavity,
rubbing against my teeth and then I could feel it
blocking my throat. I was gagged and coughed out the
cock. Phat ! I was hit on my sides by the boy whose
cock it was,  suck it bitch! Sali mera lund muh ke
bahar nikalti hai! Chal Richa tere bhi kapade nikal
aur  teri choot  uske muha par ragad! The boy rubbing
his cock on my boobs gave way to her and calmly
started to jack off, looking at me.

Richa got rid of her clothes and she made the chair
lie on its back so that now I lay on my back on the
chair all tied up and looked up to see Richa squatting
over my head with her legs wide open,  Randi! Theek
se lund bhi choosti nahi! Chal aab meri choot chat.
Chal re lawade! Sali ke choot me aapna mota lund dal
aur chod. Bhadwee nakhare dikha rahi hai.

With this the boy rubbing the cock on her tits pushed
my legs apart and mercilessly jammed his cock in my
small cunt. I cried with pain,  Ohhh muze maat chodo!
Ohhhh Its giving me pain! Ohhh Nahi!
Naaaaaaahhhhhhiiiii!

But who was listening? Richa lowered her cunt on my
mouth and sealed it with the wet sticky smelly cunt.
Ohhhh Her cunt was smelling all piss and I tried to
move my mouth aside. Richa pushed her cunt harder on
my mouth and it almost choked me. Now the boy had his
cock in my cunt and was fucking me furiously. I felt
waves of pleasure running all through my body and the
pain had vanished. Ohhh I was enjoying the cock! IT
FELT SO GOOD!!!!  I couldn't keep my hips still.  I
started lifting them up, trying to get him  closer to
me.   The feeling just kept building inside of me.   I
didn't know what was happening, but I knew I  never
wanted him to stop licking me. My buttocks moved
involuntarily and tried to absorb all the cock he had.
Ohhhh! It really felt nice! I did not know what was
happening to me but this was all pleasurable to me. I
took out my tongue and moved it along the smelly choot
of Richa. Richa too felt the change in me and she
started moving her cunt all over my face, and she even
took my nose in her hole! The boy was enjoying it and
thrusting his buttocks in fast motion. Seeing my
buttocks rotating and moving he shouted,  Ohh see the
Whore! Moving her ass on my lund! Sali Randi ko maza
aa raha hai! Chalo aaj uske choot ka Bharta bana
denge! Challllllllooo Maiiii to Gayaaaaa! Le randi!
Mera Pani peeeeee! Ohhhhhh Leeeeeelllll ahhhh! Sali ki
choot mere lund ko choos rahi hai! Hhhhaaaaaaiiiii!
Ohhhhaaahhhhhhhhh! and I felt hot come shooting into
my cunt. I did not know what was happening but my
entire body convulsed and went limp. I shouted , 
Chodo muze! Meri choot phad dalo! Ohhh Richa
mmaiiiiii! Ohhhhhhaaaaahahhh!
Ccccooommmiinnnggggggggggggggg! and I lay still. The
boy took his cock out and come started to ooze out of
my choot. Richa asked the other one to fuck me and she
started rotating her ass over my mouth. Her shit hole
was rubbing on my lips and the slut farted! Goddd!
What a nasty smelll! But still I liked it and thrust
my tongue over her asshole.Ohhhh ! the other boy
jammed his lund in my slippery cunt and banged it as
if there was no tomorrow. Ohhhh it felt really nice
and I asked Richa to remove the ropes and told her
that I will co-operate and fuck everybody and even a
donkey if they want to.

Richa smiled and then told me,  NO SLUT! You are our
Slave and slaves are always tied up. So lie as u are
and lick my asshole while Jxxx is fucking your choot
and u must lick my asshole. Make it good and I will
see later now do it whore!

By this time The Three boys had fucked Rasika and
Rasika was released. All the five of them gathered
around me to watch the show. Rasikas pussy and
asshole was dripping the come and her face was still
covered with the white sticky globs. Richa came and
poured her cunt juice all over my mouth and I had to
lick it away fast. Ohhhhhh! It tasted nice and sweet.
This was my first taste of female pussy and I was
enjoying it. The jxxx also poured his come all over my
body and withdrew his cock from my cunt. I lay there
totally helpless but willing!

Now all the eight including Rasika,told me that I was
a Randi and that my body was meant to please all of
them. I said, YES I am Randi, whore, Slut. My choot
is yours. My boobs are made for you. I am your slave
Slut. Release me and I will please u with my body. All
of you together. OHHHH I love this. I love all lunds
and choots. Ohhhhhh! Make me come more!

Rasika came tome and released my ropes. I stood there
before all of them, totally naked. Now Rasika and the
other two girls asked me to suck the cocks , kneeling
before each of the boys. I started my job. As I was
sucking the first cock, something poked in my choot. I
felt it enter. OOOhhhhhh it was the Zadoo ( Broom )
handle! I lifted my ass to allow the thing to enter my
choot. Rasika was holding it and pushing it inside
with all the force. The cock in my mouth swelled and
became hard, touching my throat. I applied suction and
sucked it further. The boy moaned my name called me
lund choosne wali randi and released his cme in my
throat. It was replaced by second cock! The broom
handle had entered about 9 inches in my cunt and
Rasika was moving it in and out of my small cunt. I
felt  a hand on my ass cheeks and then It was Sapna
spanking me,  Take this broom in your choot baby.
Fuck that thing! Give us a show! Ohh Sali ki choot
mast hai! 

The spanking plus broom handle made me come and I
moaned loudly over the lund in my mouth. The lund
emitted its juice in my mouth and I swallowed it.
Suddenly I felt something crawl on my body. It was
cold and snake like. I feared if it was a snake. Then
I heard clapping and the sound of Been, used by the
snake charmers. Ohh God! It must be really a snake.

YES it was some 5 feet of Black cobra, crawling over
my body. I was terrified and did not move. The broom
handle was removed and replaced my the Cobra tail.
Sapna was kissing the cobra and Rasika was pushing the
tail in my choot. Ohhhh! I felt the tail crawl inside
me and then one boy shouted,  here is the prey of
this naag! Come on lets push it in that choot and let
the cobra take it out.

Ohh it was a RAT, half dead and simply moving its
limbs in feeble effort to escape. I was kicked on the
ass and fell to the floor. My legs were pulled apart
and I saw the boy pushing that RAT inside my cunt head
in! ohhhhhh! I was really abused! The Rat was thick
and about 9 inches long and it was entering my cunt! I
felt it move its limbs, scratching the walls of my
choot and making me more wet.. I shouted,  Ohhhh !
Masters! Push anything in my choot. My choot is yours!
Ohhhh! Dalo! Sali choot bahoot chodasi hai! Push that
cobra in! ohhhh! Rasika! Dal na!

Then I felt and saw the cobra being released after the
Rat. The rat was stuffed well inside with hand and the
cobra just smelt it and went after if. The mouth of
cobra entered my choot. It was ice cold and my choot
contracted over it. It crawled slowly and I felt his
mouth open inside my cunt, expanding the vagina. I
heard obscene words mentioning me and clapping too. I
felt the cobra catch the rat and start swallowing it.
Ohhhhhhh! My choot was being used as cobras house!
Slowly I felt the muscles of cobra convulse and
swallow the rat. Ohhhhhhhh1 I came with the fine
movements of the cobra. After it swallowed the rar it
slowly cme out. It crawled out and then moved over my
body. Crawling over my sensitive nipples. OHHHHhh my
nipples stood hard and throbbed.. I came second time.
And lay still and let the cobra travel and explore my
body.

Then I saw the three girls squatting over my body with
the pussy lips spread with their hands. I wondered
what they were upto. But soon I saw them release their
piss. Ohhhhh ! the dirty yellow hot piss landed on my
body in three streams one on my mouth one on my boobs
and one on my choot. They released the bladders and
the piss trickled from their chots on to my body. Ohh
it was nice sensation.  piss  in my mouth! Give me
your piss mistress! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh HOT Pisss! 

I opened my mouth and rasika adjusted the stream and
LOOO it entered my mouth and I had to swallow it fast.
It was hot and salty and sweet! One by one all the
three pissed in my mouth and wiped their wet choots on
my face. Then all th boys stood around me and released
their piss. I felt streams of piss pricking all over
my body and I shuddered to another mind shattering
climax!. One boy pushed his cock in my choot and
pissed inside. OHH GODDDDDDDDDD! I was used as a
toilet! And enjoyed it.

Finally they all told me that I have passed the test
and entitled to do anything I wanted with them. BUT I
HAD to remain their SLUT and FUCK anybody they tell!

Friends that was my initiation into the world of sex.
I became a real SLUT and fucked all my professors,
peons of the college and sucked the cunt of the
sweepers too

COME ON WRITE TO ME THROUGH JEEVAN!

Comments welcome! Write to me Jeevan
jeevan80@rediffmail.com
 

