Isabella
The Open Air Auction 
Part I

  I stood with my arms stretched high above me, the cool spring air and the warmth of the sun caressed my body ever so kindly. A kind sense, that if I was not bound as I was, I would be relaxed and would have closed my eyes and soaked in every last drop of the sun until the moon rose. I looked above me to examine what had bound me to the awful wooden beams, those accursed ropes that the Mistress had wound around my wrists and beam itself. What surrounded me, were grassy stone walls that only had one door behind me for all passing onlookers to see my tight little buttocks. I cursed under my breath, but I dared not to move from the spot I hung from because if I shifted too much I would fall off the small platform that held me and I would be at the mercy of one of the Master's games the moment they found me like that.

  I wished to weep at this situation, for I could not remember all the details on how I got in this position or how this had happened in the first place so many years ago except a few things, yet no tears came to my eyes yet. I had learned not to cry without reason, otherwise one of the trainers would come to give me a real reason to cry. I have been through this many times before this moment, the Open Air Auction that the Mistress and the Masters here held out to the foreigners of this country every season to offer us, the slaves, for a large sum of money. Though, I had yet to be sold and I had been up for sale for at least seven of these auctions in the past three years. When I had first come to this abysmal place, I remembered so long ago, I had went through rigorous training with the overlords in order to be sold to a foreigner.

  I looked down at the ground as I was supposed to do as I heard foot steps approaching me from the left. The soft crunches of the gravel beneath his heavy leather boots told me who it was. Master Ivan, who was a tall, burly man who I had been introduced to as my trainer when I first was put up for sale. I half closed my eyes, as I watched my Master stepped in front of me through my blonde eyelashes. I could hear the sinister creaking of his leather before he finally raised my head up with a touch of his thumb beneath my chin.
 
  I looked up at him, staying silent as I was taught until I was directed to do otherwise. His crooked smile sent chills up my spine, I instantly knew what he wanted before the Auction began in an hour. He greeted me, the stench of his breath hit me.  "Hello, Isabella. And how is my fine slave doing today?" His brows furrowed, his bald head wrinkling at the irritation of my blank face.  "Would you... like to play a game with me, my dearest Isabella?"

  A game. I always knew what this led to. Pain before the auction so he could show off the lashes he leaves upon me. What skill he had, supposedly. I left my face blank for him, because no matter what else I did it would not change the fact he wanted to cause me pain. Master Ivan frowned at me and pulled out his black leather strap.  "I see. As always. Your beautiful face must transform for me today, my darling." He wrapped the strap around his hand and let it loop in such a fashion it would not fly loose when he struck me.

  The bastard had began to saunter around me, for this was his favorite part of the game, letting me fear where he would hit first. He pulled his arm back and disappeared around from behind me and I could only tense. I yelped out, shuddering as I felt the warm strap curl around my right thigh from behind, the hit was left with a stinging red mark in it -~s wake. I was careful not to lose my balance as he began to circle me again, flicking his wrist to aim and hit my helpless breasts and trimmed mound.

  Tears welled up in my eyes as he began to hit the same places harder and harder, aiming for my ass checks, my thighs, breasts, and crotch. Sometimes, he would angle it just right to where it felt as if the leather would break through my skin only to leave another dark red mark or welt upon me. I whimpered as a tear began to roll down my cheek, his repulsive laughter echoed in my ears. 

  His cruelty finally got tired of my silence and began to hit at the backs of my legs and knees, forcing me to lift up a foot to relieve the pain in some way, only to be returned with a hit on the bottom of my foot. He continued this until I finally was sobbing, begging him to stop. That's when I began to teeter on the platform from my crying and his lashes. My cries ringing in the area, overcoming the other cries of the other slaves here.

   "Beautiful." He said this as if it was that simple as he put a bare thumb to beneath my eye to catch a tear to taste my pain. Then, he walked past me for a moment before I heard him stop, I heard him come closer to me. At that moment, I heard the soft shuffles of the leather and then I felt him spread my cheeks apart. His dirty thumb enter me behind just for the fun of molesting me before running the other bare hand in front of me to enter my mound. I flushed and whimpered, but stayed unmoving for him. He chuckled as he felt my arousal allowing him to slide a finger into me before removing himself from the room. 

  There I was, now aroused for the viewers and ready for the Auction with only remnants of hope to be sold within me.

---

  Behind me, I listened to the steps of the onlookers passing my room and sometimes I heard a few step in to examine me from behind before quickly stepping out as soon as they saw the welts upon me. Most people disliked seeing those welts, for it was normally a sign of misbehaving slaves and many people couldn't deal with such slaves. These foreigners were lazy and only assumed without inquiring, to my chagrin. That was how Master Ivan kept me there at his mercy.

  I began to doze as I took in the sun, the steps and loud voices becoming nothing but inaudible murmurs in my mind. I began to slip away into a dream, that is, until I began to lose my balance upon my small platform. I slowly began to awaken once again and shuddered as my feet felt the edge of the stand, and that's when I heard it behind me. The gravel crunching beneath someone's feet. Ever so slowly, those steps came to me and a cold hand ran down my spine and to my cheeks. 

  I looked down to the ground and closed my eyes, taking in the sensations of the new feelings upon me. I could feel those chilled hands running up my spine to my long, slightly curly hair. I whimpered as I felt the pair caress my neck, although it was in a kind manner that aroused me slightly. The hands ran over my body from the neck down to my ankles in a manner you would have assumed we were lovers, had I not been bound in the place I was.

  Crunches once again. I finally saw the owner of the hands, a younger man that looked neither too young nor old, to my relief. His blond-brown hair was cut in a military style fashion and piercing blue eyes that took the breath away from me. His frame was large and well muscled with broad shoulders, his aura gave off the feeling of command. I had a sense from him that he was a natural Master, and I was a natural slave. He gave a quirky grin towards me, almost child like.

   "What is your name, slave?" Even with the commanding force that made my stomach squirm, his voice was mesmerizing.

   "Isabella, sir." I spoke softly to him, went red and shy as if this was a first meeting for a normal couple.

  He began to circle me, prodding softly at me and inspecting all my crevices and curves I had to offer to him. He nodded and smiled, pinching at the slightly red marks left from what felt like hours before until I squirmed for him. I thought I had his approval for a moment when he stopped in front of me and smirked.

  I supposed, when I saw him look up, Master Ivan stood behind me. The vicious man had moved behind me and on the charming man's signal I was cut loose from the beams. I teetered from the surprise of relief on my muscles and toppled off the stand away from the two men standing in front and behind me. I blushed furiously and reactively apologized, earning an unhappy look from the man and a delighted look from Master Ivan. Immediately I realized my mistake, I had not referred to them as their rightful titles.