Ezra drew a deep breath as he turned the engine off. This was all planned. They were going to discuss, like normal, rational adults, all the reasons why JD needed to tone it down a little. Why they were going to take it nice and slow.

His mouth dried.

And they were *not* going to have sex before they had talked.

He slid out of the car, squared his shoulders, picked up the cooler box, the bag containing a new mobile phone, and a bag containing three boxes of condoms and six tubes of lube - he hadn't been able to decide on a flavor or particular brand, so selected three at random, and three unscented, unflavored ones to balance them.

He glanced ruefully at his full hands. Sure. He was going to lay down the law. And hand out presents, ice cream and his new investment in prophylactics.

He was struggling with the bags to reach his keys when the door swung open.

"Hey, Ez!"

"Good evening, John," Ezra said repressively, and winced. The delighted smile on the boy's face faded at his tone, and he looked away.

"I fixed your computer. If you want I'll restore it -- I've got the whole thing backed up." John turned away and started back towards the kitchen. He could smell garlic and fish and possibly lemon, and he paused, breathing in the scent deeply. "I hope fish is okay?"

He dropped the two bags and hurried after him. The kid had his back to him, lifting the lid on a double boiler that Ezra barely remembered someone giving him one Christmas. Probably Maude. She was good at giving him gifts that he had no idea what to do with.

"John--JD..."

"If it isn't, you'll have to go out. I found a shop down the road, but it pretty much tapped me out, and I don't know how you want to handle the whole money thing."

"I'm sorry." The cooler hit the floor with an audible thump, and he set his hands gently on JD's shoulders. "I don't like the unexpected. In my job, it sometimes means the difference between life and death. I'm not used to it. I over-reacted."

"No. You were right," he contradicted, regret in his voice. "I shouldn't have done it." JD shook his head. "It was just, I wanted to get online, and then it was all so slow, even though it's pretty good for a pc, and it seemed the easiest thing in the world to clean up some of your settings."

Ezra tugged at his shoulder. "JD, I'm sorry. I told you to use the computer if you needed to."

"I'm sorry." He turned around and leaned against Ezra. Ezra sighed and tilted his face up and kissed him. JD's lips tasted of lemon and sun, and when he slid his hands into his hair the clean, harsh smell of chlorine blended with the tastes flooding his sensorium. His lips parted readily, but there was no enthusiasm, not at first, and Ezra frowned, concentrating on coaxing a response. It wasn't hard. His tongue lapped gently at JD's, and his breath shuddered at the warm pleasure of feeling soft flesh moving with his touches, pressing back. JD's teeth closed delicately on his tongue, and his tongue stroked the underside of his. He moaned into the kiss, losing his grip on the rest of the world utterly. He had no idea when JD's arms slid around him. He was just grateful for their support when his knees unexpectedly unlocked. His hand clenched at JD's waistband until it was tugged out of his grip.

A metallic chime on the floor, quickly followed by another was his first warning that his cufflinks had been removed, and when his shirt slid off his shoulders he simply moaned, pushing himself into his lover's body, not caring when it had been undone, or where his jacket had gone. He hitched himself up a little when the hard edge of the kitchen table pressed against his buttocks, settling himself with his legs open, wrapping them around JD's thighs, pulling him in close.

The kiss never broke as knowing fingers traced their way down his body, the touch barely there at all. He was breathing hard, concentrating on the light touches. His skin was suddenly so sensitive he could feel the heat from the sun as it poured through the windows; the breath of air as the breeze drifted past them. Where their bodies touched their skin slicked instantly with sweat, smoothing the glide of silken soft warmth against his body. Two little nubs puzzled him momentarily, and he ran his hands up JD's chest to find his nipples tight and hard, he rubbed his thumbs over them, then pinched none too gently until JD moaned into his mouth. He wrapped his hands around JD's back. The skin there was cool and slick with sweat, muscles moving in ripples as JD shifted his own embrace, pulling Ezra closer with one arm, dipping the other between his legs to cradle Ezra's balls, ignoring the shaft pushing eagerly at his stomach, their erections rubbing against each other with tantalizing irregularity.

Something clattered behind him, and he startled. JD moved back a fraction of an inch, and smiled into his eyes.

"Sssh, you'll like this," and slippery fingers were pressing something cold and greasy into him, the stuff smearing in his crack, melting in his hole, small lumps of it slipping down the acutely sensitive skin of his inner thighs.

"You're going to ruin the finish of the table," he murmured, short of breath and spreading his legs wider.

"If you're thinking about the finish of the table," JD gasped, grinning, "I'm not doing it right." He pulled one of Ezra's hands between them and slid it up and down his own shaft until Ezra caught the movement. "That's it. Oh god, go easy, easy..." He moaned and settled his hands behind Ezra, locking them in the small of his back. "Put me in. Inside."

Ezra looked down between them, and shifted his hips until they were lined up. He couldn't see what he was doing, but the blunt pressure as the gently pointed tip fitted itself to his anus was more than guide enough. JD gasped, "Please?" and Ezra relaxed, tilting his hips upwards, leaning hard on the cradle of JD's hands.

"Now," he said in a voice that sounded nothing like his smooth tenor, and JD rammed home in one long stroke. Ezra howled, his back arching. It hurt! He breathed through the pain, gradually coming aware of the lips nibbling at his throat, drifting up to tug at the lobe of his ear. He shuddered as JD blew in his ear softly, a cold breeze over his wettened skin. There were words in the breeze, gentling him as he relaxed into the bulk filling him. Finally he slowed his breathing almost to normal, feeling the table pressing into his lower back. JD's hands holding him securely. JD's lips laying a trail of kisses from his ear down to his mouth. He opened his eyes, not sure when he had closed them, and blinked to discover the sun pouring in. It had been so dark.

"Move." He smiled at JD's concerned look, and squeezed with his ass. JD grinned and pulled out in a stroke as slow as the first in had been fast. "You're not going to torture me, are you?" he asked as JD reversed direction, taking a full five or six seconds -- an eternity-- to sink fully into him.

"Depends," JD smiled, and Ezra groaned.

"How long, and forgive the pun, do you think you can keep this up?" he asked as JD took his own sweet time possessing him. He worked the muscles in his ass rhythmically, and JD groaned in turn.

"Not very, if you keep *that*", and he jabbed hard into Ezra's ass, "up."

"Isn't dinner going to burn?"

"Turned it down."

"I thought you were upset," Ezra accused, more entertained than annoyed at the tactic.

JD shrugged, mischief glimmering in his eyes. "I thought *you* were. I figured I could distract you."

"John, I don't-- oh my god!" JD smirked as Ezra's eyes rolled back in his head.

"I was wondering if you had one of them. Didn't find it last night." He thrust in again at the new angle, and Ezra wailed, words gone.

When he came to he was sprawled on the kitchen table, his lower legs dangling off the end. He stared up at the ceiling in bemusement, trying to place where he was. A clatter caught his attention and he lazily turned his head to one side. He found the butter dish almost touching his nose and frowned. Beyond it his bare-chested lover was doing something mysterious over the chopping board, back to Ezra. He watched, content to breath in and out. He shifted a little, and grunted softly as his asscheeks slid against each other. He frowned.

"Did you-- I don't remember--"

"Did I come? *Oh* yes." He grinned, deliberately misinterpreting Ezra's words. He shook his head at the man's anxiety. "Did I do you bareback? Nope. Not that dumb." JD smiled over his shoulder. "I'm just finishing the salad. If you want to get changed, we'll eat in about ten minutes."

"You're going to be the death of me," he replied. JD offered him a hand and he accepted it to sit up, shifting from side to side in an effort to spare his tender behind. He held onto JD's hand when the kid would have headed back to the green leaf salad he was putting together. "JD-- you don't have to seduce me to stop me being upset with you."

JD tried to hold his eyes, but he didn't miss the small flinch, and the momentary tightening of his jaw. "I'm serious. That was great, fantastic. But I'm not interested in getting laid if we're not reading off the same page, okay?"

JD quirked a half smile at him. "I-- it wasn't like that. Not really. I've been thinking about you all day, and when you walked in, I just--" His smile spread and became a real full one. "You didn't seem to mind too much."

"Brat," Ezra said affectionately, and wondered at himself. "I had this whole thing planned where we were going to talk about how we were going to manage tomorrow evening, and we'd discuss it, and I kept telling myself I wasn't going to jump you the second I walked in the door." He swallowed dryly, and his voice dropped to nearly a whisper. "I thought about you all day too." He tangled his fingers in JD's hair and pulled him in for a kiss. "You can fuck me on the kitchen table any time you like," he added hoarsely, and they kissed for a long, peaceful moment, holding each other secure.

"Food," JD broke away.

"Such self-control; I'm impressed," Ezra observed wryly, and JD grinned.

"I haven't eaten all day. You don't have much in the kitchen."

Ezra laughed. "In that case!" He wiped at his ass as he slid off the table and looked at his hand, an eyebrow lifted in comical distaste. "Okay, if you used protection, what the hell is this?"

JD looked guiltily at the butter dish, and Ezra began to laugh helplessly.

"I guess you could say I was trying to butter you up," JD sniggered, and ducked as Ezra grabbed a tea cloth and threw it at him.

"Don't abuse the cook!" JD protested. "That's for later."

"I'm going to wash up and find some clothes." He eyed JD with exaggerated wariness. "Something I don't mind losing to whatever bizarre rigors you choose to put my much-abused anatomy through the next time."

"I chucked your suit in the wash."

"What!" Ezra shrieked, and fled to the utility room.

"But I didn't know which cycle you wanted me to use, so I didn't turn it on," JD followed him out and leaned on the doorpost, his shoulders shaking with amusement as Ezra pulled the crumpled clothing out, shaking it with tender hands to ease the worst of the creases.

"The only things that go through that are the towels, bed linens, my workout gear, my riding pants, my swimming trunks and my underwear. Everything else is dry cleaned." Ezra shuddered. "Never. *Never* attempt to put wool, or silk, through this thing. It would shred this suit in a moment, ruining two thousand dollars of hand sewn artistry."

"Two thou--" JD gulped. "I'll remember that. I'm gonna go check on that fish." He disappeared into the kitchen and Ezra sighed. The kid had been poor all his life, reading between the lines of his dossier made that plain. It looked like Ezra's causal acquisitiveness was going to make the young man skittish.

Anyone who could survive on a succession of part time jobs, teaching, mucking out stables, stacking shelves, stamping books, serving in fast food restaurants while working his way through a double major, a masters and the best part of a PhD had clearly never really even considered money to be an important thing, a thing worth pursuing for itself. Money had probably made no serious impact on his worldview until he was faced with overwhelming debt after his mother's long illness and death. It was an attitude so utterly different from his own that he wondered if they would ever really have more in common than the sex.

He laid the suit down. And smiled. Well. That and the laughter. JD had made him laugh more in the last twenty four hours than he suspected he had in the last ten years.

If the secret to this improbable mirth was to have nothing in common beyond sex, he could live with that.

And somewhere in the back of his mind, he basked in the simple pleasure of unexpected happiness.