Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Xander/Angel, Spike/Angel, Spike/Xander, Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 1/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here, follow the links at the bottom
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

Angel sighed. Again. Sat next to the body he found his mind wandering. He had an idea how Buffy was going to react – she still had her stake first, ask later attitude and with his move to Los Angeles and her perception that he had rejected her, that definitely extended to him. Frankly he was more worried about what Willow would do – he knew Giles hadn't got the grip on the witch that he should have, and he didn't want to wake up a vampire toad before he got the chance to explain what had happened. Although how to explain this.........
He sighed. Again.

He didn't want to wake up because he just knew it was gonna hurt. Hurt worse than any of the times his dad had taken a strap or fists to him. Way worse than 'helping' Buffy train by being her punching bag, especially since Angel left. But everything was just so loud, and he was hungry which meant, yeah, no concussion because normally after he'd been smacked in the head that hard he was more nauseous than hungry. Sighing internally, he accepted that he was gonna have to suck it up and deal. He'd suffered worse pain, he was pretty much sure of it, so time to open his eyes. Now. Ok, count of three. One, two, three, now. No more messing Xander, this is no worse than getting up for work. Open your eyes NOW!

“Xander?”

“Deadboy? Er - Sire??” What the fuck?

96 hours earlier

“Deadboy”.

“Xander – what are you doing here? Is Buffy - “

“Buffy's fine – this, it's nothing to do with her – well not entirely”. Xander sighed. He had known this wasn't going to be easy from the time he left Sunnydale, but he knew it was the right thing to do. His burgeoning feelings for Spike were not the only reason he was doing this – what the Initiative had done to the blond vampire was wrong on so many different levels. Spike was totally unable to protect himself from humans, and Xander knew from growing up how painful and dangerous that could be – he wouldn't inflict the helplessness he had felt as a child against his father on anyone. “It's actually about Spike. I mean, you're his Dad right, or his Grand-dad or whatever?” Angel flinched, then sighed.

“Come down to the apartment – I get the feeling we need to be comfortable for this conversation. What's Spike done this time?”

Following Angel to the old style lift, Xander did his best to avoid letting his gaze drop below Angel's waist. The dark vampire was wearing well worn jeans (who knew Angel even owned a pair) and a thin white tank, the broadness of his shoulders tapering to the lean waist and a surprisingly rounded ass with long, strong legs. Shaking his head, Xander licked his lips and brought his attention back to the conversation.

“It's not so much what Spike's done as what's been done to him. I wasn't sure if you knew but I thought you should be made aware I guess..” Angel gestured towards the comfortable sitting room, hovering in the direction of the small kitchen.

“You want a drink?” Xander shook his head – he wasn't sure Angel would want to be quite so polite once he heard all of this.

“Ok. Spike got caught by the Initiative – it's a government group working secretly in Sunnydale. They're experimenting on demons. Spike's been fitted with a chip – if he even considers hurting a human, it sparks off, gives him a pretty major pain jolt”.

“What? I don't understand – somebody's being experimenting on Spike?” Angel stood over Xander.

“Yeah. Look, Dead - Angel, could you sit down? You're kinda scaring me with your looming over me thing”. Once the older vampire had taken a seat, Xander tried explaining again. “They caught Spike and inserted a chip – it gives him an electrical jolt when he thinks anything evil, worse if he actually hurts another human. He came to us – well, Buffy and Giles really, for sanctuary”.

Angel ran his hand through his hair, disturbing the coiffed strands until it was a mussed mess. It made Xander realise that Angel had known nothing of Spike's situation – if his reaction was strong enough to allow him to mess up his hair, he obviously cared for Spike more than he let on. Which made the next part of the conversation even harder.

“We – God, Angel, this isn't gonna sound good ok? We've been using Spike for information – paying him in blood and cigarettes, etc but we haven't treated him very well”.

“What do you mean, you haven't treated him very well?” Back to looming, Angel's voice rose alarmingly.

“You have to remember, our previous experiences with Spike haven't been favourable ones. He kidnapped Willow, clocked me over the head with a microscope, has tried to kill Buffy on lots of occasions. He was pretty much tied up for the first month or so while we looked into his story, figured out if he was telling the truth and everything. Well he was. But Giles needed his bathroom back, so he sent Spike to stay with me. And I started out by tying him to a chair, but I knew damn well he could get out of those ropes if he wanted to, and it just seems wrong that we're using him to fight with us and treating him like this which is why I came here!”

“Bathroom? Tying him up? Are you trying to tell me you've been taking advantage of Spike?”

“Hell no!!! Back up big guy, you need to take a step back!” They were both standing face to face now, both agitated. “Not that kind of advantage. It's just – look, I've been spending time with him and getting to know him, and I hate what this whole thing is doing to him, but Buffy and Giles can't see past the whole vampire thing which seems like a weird thing for me to be saying but there you go. And Angel, man he tried to dust himself!”

“Oh God! My poor Childe”. Angel looked devastated, and Xander led him to a chair, pushing him back gently.

“Yeah. Er, me and Willow came in and caught him just in time, but it made me realise how bad this whole thing is. He's been better since he found out he can fight demons – that's where him helping us fight comes in – but he's getting thinner, and not healing so fast or anything, and I'm worried”. Angel looked over at Xander suspiciously.

“You're worried about Spike? What – about what he might do?”

“No, I'm worried for Spike. He's not himself, you know, I mean, even the insults have kinda died a death. I just – I guess, I just wondered if there was something we should be doing to make sure he was ok, you know?” Avoiding Angel's gaze, Xander plucked at the arm of the chair.

“Xander – do you have feelings for Spike?” It would explain the changing pheromones the boy was throwing off – he was obviously very attracted to Spike, and knowing Xander as he did he half envied the blond vampire.

“What?! No! I mean – I don't know – look, this isn't why I came here!! Can you help Spike or not?” Nodding once, his suspicions confirmed, Angel sat back and tried to decide what to do.

“Yeah, if I can get him to come to LA to me, I might be able to help. Give me a week – I need to get some things in place, but then yeah, if I can get him to come to LA I can try to – I don't know, make it more bearable for him or something. If I can't find someone to take the chip out then at least keep him healthy”.

“Take the chip out?”

“Yes, Xander, that's what I'll be trying to do. I need to do some research – if people are making these kinds of behavioural modification then someone out there is making a way around it. And if the chip comes out, Spike gets to make a decision – whether he goes back to how he was, or works with me”. Xander nodded. That seemed more than fair to him, and now he felt like he'd done the right thing bringing the whole issue to Angel.

“Thanks. I – I really appreciate it, you know. Buffy and Giles – I don't think they've been looking too hard into how to get rid of the chip, and it wasn't sitting right with me the way we were using him, you know?” Standing up, Xander moved towards the lift.

“You're welcome to stay if you like”.

“Thanks for the offer”, Xander smiled, “but I need to be heading back to Sunnydale. Don't want to face any questions as to where I've been”. Holding out his hand, he shook Angel's – probably the first time he'd voluntarily touched the other vampire that wasn't violent. “Ow.” Small electric shock between them, and he automatically put his finger into his mouth. They stood staring at each other for a moment, before both turning towards the stairs and heading back to the lobby.

Angel walked him out to his car, head down and hands tucked into his pockets. There was a lot about Xander that he admired, and he found himself once again envying Spike the young man's affections. Mind you, Xander would be a lucky man if Spike returned his affections. Will had originally been a very loving vampire before Angelus beat it out of him...

He was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't even register the young Afro-American man running towards the two of them, only Xander's cry of “Angel, watch out!” catching his attention. Angel lashed out, hitting the assailant in the chest and throwing him off course. As he watched, the man span round, the stake in his hand slashing Xander across the throat as he turned back to help Angel. Before he even had time to hit the ground, Angel had Xander in his grasp, lowering him gently. He turned back to their assailant, kicking him over onto his back and grimacing as he realised that he had fallen onto his own stake.

Reaching down to take Xander into his arms, he subconsciously noted the bright red kerchief around the dead man's arm, and realised this hadn't been some co-ordinated attack, that this was just a rite of passage for someone trying to get into one of the local gangs. Then all of his attention was on Xander, the sound of his heart thundering in his chest, blood pumping out of the wound that with more bad luck than aim had caught the young man in the jugular.

Rushing back into the hotel and down the stairs to the apartment, he laid Xander onto the bed and tried to stop the bleeding. And realised that he nearly too late. Xander was pale, his heart stuttering now, the precious seconds rushing past while Angel struggled to figure out what to do. He wouldn't make it to the hospital in time – it was too late for that. But he knew how much the other man had hated vampires. The operative words there were had hated vampires. Could he let Xander die for something so stupid, when he had come out to LA to do something right? When he had spent so many years help save the world - to die over something like this?

Swearing, he made up his mind, diving down and morphing into vampire face so that he could suck at the hot sweet blood pumping out of Xander's neck. Wrenching back, he ripped at his own wrist and held it to the young man's mouth. There was no reaction and he thought that he'd been too late, had waited too long, but then he felt the lips move, a light suck followed by a stronger one.

“Thank fuck” he thought, sitting himself down next to Xander's body and keeping his wrist within easy reach. Xander was sucking enthusiastically now, holding onto Angel's wrist weakly as the coppery tasting hot liquid slid down his throat.

“That's it, Xander, good lad – my good lad!” he whispered, stroking the damp chocolate strands of hair back from Xander's sweaty face with his free hand. The suction on his wrist had become erotic, and he shifted uneasily in his trousers as he reacted to the feel of that hot mouth sucking strongly on him. God, what would it be like if -

Shaking off those thoughts, he watched as Xander fell back, his head landing with a soft thud onto the pillow, eyes closed. His heartbeat was skittering, fast, slow, fast, slow as it gave one last fight to save him. And then the thudding and the harsh breathing stopped and the Scooby lay still. Xander was dead.