I am a 47 year old gentle man well built body.One day I was browsing in a cyber cafe of Satyam info way in Delhi.I prefer to surff in delhi in satyam info way because of privacy and speed. It was a hot after noon in summer. I was involved in my job who comes or go in the cafe does
not bother me. A small girl probably reading in any school ,was also surffing near my system.she was a new user asked me to help her in attiching a document in sending a mail. I tried to explain but she could not do it. Then I went to her desk and practically explained her how to do it.

During this process while showing the function of mouse my right arm just touched her left boob .I could noticed that she was thrilled and looked at my face.Since i did not had any bad intention I did not cared much. Besids she seems to be a small child to me and myself is a edicated husband. It never came into my mind anything erotic at that moment butI could feel that her eyes are telling something else.I feel shyness in her eyes and red flashes came up on
her white and beautiful cheeks.I am sure she also had no such intentions while asking me for help. some how or other I was not much comfortable fron my withne and came back to my sheat. I could not concentrate as I am old enough for such incidents. I finished my job and while coming out she asked how to log off the system. I explained her and we came out. Outside was very hot due to peak summer and we came out from a well airconditioned room. While opening the door of my car I just casually asked her where she will go so that I can give her a lift. There I could feel that She is not a school going child but a bit older. She told me the location of her destination. As i was going towards that direction only I offered her a lift.Which she aggreed immidiately.Till that period I had no other feelling on her On the way when the conversation started I was realy surprised to know that she is serving in a mnc in Hrd deptt. and staying in that house as a paying guest. She has a separate room and the owner of the house is a widow having one son.Since she was not feeling well that day she was returning home for some rest. she seems to be well behaved and smart woman. When we reached to her hose she called me up to her room and requested to share some cold drink. I could not refuse. I was introduced as her uncle to the lady of the house and we came to her room. Her romm was fitted A/C and well decorated I liked her house. She asked me sit in the sofa and requested me for a few seconds. I thought I had formed a wrong impression on this girl and sat quitely on the sofa. After some time she appeared her dressed changed. she was looking very beautiful and sexy. slim figure slightly swollened boobs which i had seen few minuts back. Dark green mini skirt thighs half nacked clear visibility ofnoval portion well shaped.I again confused looking at her.I thought she must be a wrong type of woman.I did not have any choice but to spend some time there. My mind was blowwing and she was also quite comfortable. She brought some cola and sat near me in the same sofa. I saw her thaighs and boobs,whichbrought tenssion to me balls. normally i donot use underware as such iwas unable to control my organ. when she was handing over the bottle of cola i saw green bra peeping from inside of her sleevless top. It converted me to my youth. I took the boottle from her and said you gave me a lot of surprises to day. To this smiled and said dont think me a wrong type of girl. Iam a virgin.I dont have any affair with any boy so far, but since 2/3 days I am unable to control my self. I left my office today due to the same
reason.ultimately I drop up in the cyber cafe. There also I could not concentrate.It was a chance only that your arm brushed my chest and ifelt some excitement from your male touch.It so happened that we are sitting here. I liked her bold conversation and by that time i was also in tense. I kept my hand on her bare shoulders and drag her close to me. I kept my hot lips on her soft petals. squizeed her proud boobs .She started moaning. Itouched her thaighs, hips, back and I was fully aroused.soon we stood up kissing each other.she was brooding some thing which were not audible to me at that moment. I opened her top and skirt in the standing positio.My lund was also jumping like a snake.Her bra and panty were dark green color.I inserted my fingers to her chute which made her mad. I opened her bra and released her choochi. I really amazed to see her erectd boobs.kissed them ruthlessly. I had forgotten to relish a young women which I had in my youth.She opened my paint and amased to hold the lund and said it is very big.she asked me
whether the lun of an aged man becomes bigger compared to a young man. I repled no,and enquired from her where she had earlier seen an adult prick.her reply was she had seen the lun of a male collegue while coming out after urinal.She was much aroused that day and could not sleep. It was hardly 2 inches.That means u have not seen any errected lun till date. I opened her panties and found her chute full of jouices .She opened my clothes kissed my lun,smelled it.She was mad with the lund and took the same into her mouth and sucked. The activities of girl sometimes confuses me ,perhaps she is fooling me and she is experienced one.I put her on the bed. she was shrp naked looking like a white pari, painted lips, eyes , eye brows finger nails,sounds of sh,,sh,,sh,, etc which were highly provocating. I leaned on her and kissed all over her nude body kissed boobs,choote,navi etc. Her cunt lips looked tight and the inside of her pussy was pink. Gently, I inserted half of my middle finger in her wet pussy and with my thumb, I started massaging her clitoris.Ritu body shook and trembled. She screamed OHHHHHHHHHHHH PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE DON'T STOPPPPPPPPPPPPP. She then pushed herself forward to have my middle finger fully inside her wet and flowing choot. She tried moving her body to get some rhythms but was finding it very difficult. Her body was now sweating and her cunt juice smell made me go crazy. Her moans were getting wilder and wilder and I judged that she was close to an orgasm. I kept finger-fucking her and went close to her for a good-deep kiss. I enter my finger into her hole of love.She was badly excited . she hold my hand to insert more but it was very tight.Then i was confirmed that it is her first time.By that time I was very much aroused,my top was full of pre cum.I came in between her legs,kissed Her lips,boobs one after another and brushed my lun on her pussy lips she was very much aroused and started heavy moaning.I pressed her boobs and at the same time pressed my lun into her. It was not entering. slowly i increased my pressure but no use.I kissed her lips and gave her a jhatka. My lun entered slightly but it was paining her.Slowly I continued ramming her she widen her legs and with second heavy thrust my lun entered 80% and contnued ramming her.now she was enjoing and started giving upward thrusts.one after another my thrusts become harder and she started shouting jore se -- jore se karo. main mur jaoingi. oh isme itna anand hai mujhe pata nahin tha, oh ishliye AURAT KO koi vi murd jarurat hota hai. Aur jor se karo please, meri chuchi ko chooso Ah..Oh..Aur jor se....she started shouting Ah--- Ah--- Oh-- continue faster faster dont leave me etc.etc. and a low moarning came from deep inside her throat, indicating that her orgasm was filling her belly. which quickly turned into a Roar and she came. Her choot erupted as if a volcano was erupting lava. she smiled which meant "Ohhh " she said softly, "I've been waiting for this moment for so long". Her first orgasome discharged. she liked it much. She released her heat but I was in tense. Again I kissed Her lips,boobs one after another and brushed my lun on her pussy lips she was very much aroused and started heavy moaning.I pressed her boobs and at the same time pressed my lun into her. It was not entering. slowly i increased my pressure but no use.I kissed her lips and gave her a jhatka. My lun entered slightly but it was paining her.Slowly I continued ramming her she widen her legs and with second heavy thrust my lun entered 80% and contnued ramming her.now she was enjoing and started giving upward thrusts.one after another my thrusts become harder and she started shouting jore se -- jore se karo . main mur jaoingi. oh isme itna anand hai mujhe pata nahin tha, oh ishliye koi vi murd jarurat hota hai. Aur jor se karo please, meri chuchi ko chooso Ah..Oh..Aur jor se. Ab mera kuchh nikalne wala hai. .Aur jor se karo ..she dischaged.Oh it is very pleasent she said.My lun was inside her It was swalling. Iwas also enjoying a Kora chute and feeling excited.I started fucking her again she liked it.All the strokes she was enjoing. I continued Thurst one after another. frequencies were increaed and after a number of strokes she cried jore se..jorese and increased to my climax with afew very hard strokes she came again and I also came on her very heavily. I dont know how many liters of sperm I pumped into her chute on that day. now we were motionless and I slept on her for a few minutes. Then she said Cyclon is just over. I was a bit tired slept with her nacked. she was very much contented After some time I saw Her moving to toilet nacked and came back to me again. I could not resist to Her nacked body and tried to kiss her again.I saw there were a number of scraches on her boob and cheeks but she was dam cared. Her body aroused me again. I came on her top and fondled her massaged her chuchies .My lund again erected. Arre yeh to fir mota ho gaya . mai to thuck gai ab. Aur hath me lekar mera lun se khelne lagi. Mere lun per vi khun ke kuchh katre usne dekhi aur kahi ye to wounded ho gaya hai.Maine fir usko paker ke bed me sulaya aur uske boor me lund ghusane laga. oh vi paniya rahi thi aur spread her legs to receive mine. this chodan was very pleasent and continued for atleast 16 minutes and we both discharged at climax with lot of pleasure. I took a bath in her bathroom she also got fresh we took cola kissed each other.we didnot go in to much conversations but enjoyed like any thing. It was my first sex other than my wife which changed my life.I kissed her very deeply once again and programmed to meet her saturday next. I returned home but i could not forget her.I told her to keep everything very confidential as I am a family man.I gave a very good fuck to my beautiful wife in the night thinking and smelling the aroma of the girls body.Next day I enquired her on telephone. she told me that she is fine and slightly tired.she will come back to home around 2 pm.she told me that she is safe with her uncle.she was fully contented with an experienced touch.

It is the second part of my story on experienced touch. I got alot of mails from all categories most of them are working ingles .But all of them highly appreciated this.Iiam thankful to them. Second part continued like this.
Next day it so happened that I started for my office slightly earlier with a view to see her in the house itself, as she had badly controlled my mind. When I reached there the land lady told me that Rani had a high fever in the night probably she was effectd by hot summer Loo .She could not go to her office. When I entered in to the room of Rani I found she was lying on her bed but
seems tobe tired. I told the land lady leave her & I will take care of now. I just closed the door and sat beside her and enquired what has happened. she told me that her whol body is paining and she got high fever in night. specially her vegina has been swollen she was not able to pass urine even. I consoled her, saying that it so happens for the first time.She smiled saying that
though it is very much enjoing but pain full. I kissed her soft lips, her eyes,her cheecks and whole face. She forgot about herself,her pain and enquired about me,how come you came here,I was just waiting to call u in your office and so many question. I told her how could u become so affectionate to mm e in one daythat made me to think so much. I saw she was wearing a white very soft nighty and boobs are visible from the top .I fondled her boobs and all over her body.her body was very soft and silky. With the touch of my hands she started quivering and enjoing. I could manage myself beside her on the and started soft massage on her hips, backbone, spindles, pussy lips boobs nipples & so on.She was very much delighted and tried to press her whole body on my chest. I could feel her body going into nostalgia again forgetting all her pain.I started pressing her pussy. She was feeling pleasure.
She told me your magic touch again making me wild. She cought hold of my lun and started forward back ward motions.Kissed all over my face chest etc. between the cries oh ah and all.she was getting hot again. I found her pussy geting wild. I felt the heat from her pussy and my fingers stopped massaging her boobs and started exploring her wet cunt. Her cunt lips slightly swollen and inside of her pussy was pink. Gently, I inserted half of my middle finger in her wet pussy and I started massaging her clitoris with my thumb & fore finger.Ritu's body shook and trembled. She screamed OHHHHHHHHPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE DON'T STOPPPPPPPPPPPPP. She then pushed herself forward to have my middle finger fully inside her wet and flowing choot. She tried moving her body to get some rhythms but was finding it very difficult. Her body was now sweating and her cunt juice smell made me go crazy. Her moans were getting wilder and wilder and I judged that she was close to an orgasom I asked her to show her choot how it was unable to urinate. She opened her legs. In the meantime she had opened my paint .I got up from the bed to see her pussy. My lun was also whispering at full force. We are not aware of the morning time .I inspected her pussy it was swollened . I kissed her pussy and she was delighted like any thing. Then i touched my tongue to her clitoris .This made her horny, her hips jumped and said still there are so many things of heavenly pleasure.I moved down to her waist, lifted her gown completely up and gently kissed her pussy. It was emitting a sweet love scent. I took my tongue out, licked her lovely cunt top to bottom several times. played with the clit with the tip of tongue. She pressed my head on to her pussy, pulling my hair moaning at a very very low pitch I canot hold my self. she thrown the chader on her, and asked me to enter this mota(holding my
lund) in her pussy saying so she put my lund into her mouth and started liking.this blowjob turned me mad and it ached my croch and nerves. It was so pleasent that if I continued for a longer time I have to blow in her mouth, so I taken out. I asked her, should we go for a fuck now. She turned furious and told why then you fired my body you have to quench it now only. I could feel she had forgotten her all pains by now.I came between her legs started giving jhatkas one after another. Ah..Ah Ahhh mujhe Mar dalo.Ish chodai me kitna maja hai.Aurat sali isilia murd se dur nahin rahti . Murd jitna vi sataye lund to deta hi haina bolne lagi.jis murd ke pas khada lund nahi hai us se aurat khus kaise rahegi. Bolne lagi chudai me umer (age) se koi matlab nahin . Apne to mujhe oh chise diya jo bahuton ko nahin milta.I really adore you.Never think Guilty of me. and fuck me hard now. Oh I am Coming Please Do fast fast.. oh hold me Oh Oh Oh It is gone. On the otherhand I was ramming her like a horse. For me it was a rare occasion.I stopped for a while allowing her to breathe. Her heavy breathings were lifting & lowering her boobs which were veruy much erotic.I started her pumping again. she was enjoying. I had drained several times since yesterday, which is not normal so i could hold my discharge a bit longer.After 3/4 minutes our climax were seen and collapsed with a bull fight. our bodies were torn.I took out my lund from her chute and spread me bucket of sperm on her flat belly boob and some fell on her face
even.I told her massage all these harmones all over body and face which are good for skin. This makes the skin silky.Europeans buy this to maintain the glaze of theire skin. lastly we laughed and slept for some time fully exhausted.
We were in sleep for at least 2 hours. and got up on hearing mobile tone from my office.We got up & feeling hungry.We took glasses of pure apple juice.Now she started to keep juices as i donot like cola drinks . Then We went to a hotel took our lunch and I left my little wife at her residense to her satis faction. She was quite cheerful now. After a few days I came to know that she has lost her anger, depreession,irritant behaviour and converted herself into a gentle and sober lady.She was appreciated by her seniors,she remained pleasent always.Though she is very strict and deciplined same as earlier but harshness was not there.She speaks to her friends that a mahatma has changed her life.It is almost 6 months we met but no body is aware of our affairs.
I also got alot of advantages.Iwas careless earlier.Now she takes care of my nutrition . Once she requested to satisfy her very close friend married a year back very beautiful looks similar to Ritu Bery but without any additional weight any where in her body.I will narate this story latter on

This is the third day of our intimacy with Ritu, I name her my little wife and the episode begain like this.
It was a sunday. It was raining cats & dogs from the previous night and the weather was very pleasent. you know heavy rains at the peak of summer excels sex like any thing . Besides I was feeling horny since the past night and my wife was in the 2nd. day of her red tape as such I was helpless. on the other hand the feel of Ritu, my new little wife, was making me restless. I got up early in the morning and after being fresh I told my wife I will return in 3/4 hours, as I had to meet a client. I left my house at six in the morning. When I reached to Ritu's house & pushed the bell the land lady Dimple opened the door and informed that Ritu is quite well, no fever in the night. She perhaps thought that I have come to enquire about Ritu's health. Dimple is also found to be well behaved & cultured lady having a good physique. I noded my head & said thank god she is relieved soon. I proceeded to words Ritu's room. Dimple on the way said rains made the weather comfortable in the peak summer.
In the mean time Ritu opened the door hearing our conversations. She diplored Wa..ho ..what a sur prise. I was just thinking about u in my sleep. She had a chunni on her nighty. We went to her room she closed the door immediately. As she removed her chunni her dress was so sex provocating that I cannot explain. Her boobs seems to be significantly became larger, which she confirmed me later.she said she was searching me from the nigt.She opened her pantyfirst and opened my paint also. took the semi erected lun into her mouth. she was very horny and her body was very hot.her mouth was also very hot. With the touch of her feather like lips and tongue aroused my horny feelings & made my organ erected and very hard. I pressed her boob and hold her head, given some jhatkas into her mouth. Then she pushed me into a single chair and sat on my lap.Her chute was very slippery and took my lund into her love pot.she started jumping on it very fast holding my shoulders.After a number of jhhatkas she felt very hot& sweating, opened her nighty from the top of her head, then stripped her pink coloured bra. Her pink nipples were erected and stiff. during her pumping the hard nipples were touching my lips. she was making different noises from her mouth.She was pushing hard strokes and vibrating boobs which made me amused.Afer some time she exhausted and hang on my neck kissing & liking my face. She was in deep breathing and told me I was horny from the night. After she is over I lfted her to the bed and fixed her at the edge of the bed.Iwas standing on the floor. Holding her waist i started my miracle strokes conteneously without any break. her whole body was in severe jerks. She was almost shouting due to pain & pleasure, perhaps due to heavy rains probably sounds were not going out. I was fearing Dimple may be alarmed and push the bell to know what is happening. But nothing short of that happened.I was not willing to discharge soon so I stopped my strokes but the lund was inside her,she was unable to hold herself so she came once again.My lund was inside but since i had not exhausted,I was sucking her nipples she was tired but not willing to leave me. I again started pumping heavily she asked me for a slow kick but my lund was boiling I did not hear any thing from her and continued strong strokes , perhaps she was feeling pain now. But I was wild on her and merciless.she pulled my head towards her face and again our mouths were glued. I could feel the softness of her breasts and her erect nipples against my chest. I was fucking her hard and she had her legs wrapped against my buttocks. Lifting myself on my hands, I pushed harder and faster, but she seemed to want more. "Fuuckkkkkkkk me haaaarder AAAAHHHHH PATHUKAEEEEEEE AAAH YIOOOOOOAAMMAAEEEENALLA GAMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAKUTTTAAAAAAA
AAAAHHH AAMAAAAAEEEEE MURUKKAE ANGANAEAAHHHHHHH AYIOOOOOOOO " she cried. "Tear me with your cock AAAAAH UUUUMMMAAAAAAYIIIIOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAHHHH" around 20 strokes I came on her. boobs, belly and on chute .some also sprayed on her lips also. During the last 20 strokes she got discharged twice. after I drained all mine valuables I entered my organ into her choote again but I fell upon her. She complemented that today is the best of last three days fuckks. And at this age also you are very strong...... Some body rang the bell at that moment and out of fear I immediately callected my dresses and ran into the bathroom. She also adjusted her bed ,wore a fresh nighty, washed her face and put some make ups. Even then she was unable to hide her tiredness. when she opened the door it was Dimple. she had brought some coffee & snakes for all of us.Ritu was not willing to accomodate dimple at that moment but there was no choice. I took a bath with warm water and became fresh. Ritu finished her coffee and went for a bath. I was just talking to her, but I felt the smell of fuck was inside the room. Perhaps experienced Dimple could have smell it but soon I sprayed the room freshner.
