Finally I have the house back to myself, I had a cousin of mine and her boyfriend crashing at my place for the last week and I apologize for the lack of posting.

My place is amazing because it is right on the beach but it is pretty small so I gave them my bedroom and I slept on the couch.  I am able to work but without privacy there are something I don't get to spend as much time on as I like.  They were great fun though.

I'm not out at all to any of my family so there was obviously no hanky panky happening while they were here.

So today, I was really horny, I had the house back to myself and I turned on Grindr and to my surprise, Grindr now allows speedos!!!  I haven't turned Grindr on since I was in Breckenridge with Kip (still have the setting to miles instead of kilometers) but in the past I've had submitted profile pictures of me wearing speedos and they have not been approved.  I think I mentioned it on a blog post how stupid it was that Grindr wouldn't allow a non-adult/porn photos of guys wearing speedos and someone mentioned that it had something to do with Apple who would not approve the App.  I'm not sure if that is the real reason but it was stupid.

Today, I scrolled down and found this super fit, 36yo guy wearing speedos and looking fucking amazing in them.

Of course I messaged him immediately "Love the speedos mate.  I'm having a `speedo only' day myself.  In Terrigal and available all day if you are interested."

He messaged me back immediately.  "Definitely interested, Sydney based but up here working. Could be in your neighbourhood about 3pm."

I sent him my address and he sent back "Wearing AussieBums under my work clothes."

Just after 3pm there was a knock at my door.  I had been wearing my AussieBum Coolabah's all day and when I opened the door, that was all I was wearing.  I was semi hard and my packaged looked just perfect in the nylon speedos.

Mr. Grindr looked just as amazing in his Grindr profile photo as he did in person.  We shook hands and he walked in.  Before the door had closed he was unbuttoning his shirt.  I stood back and enjoyed the strip show.  Mr. Grindr removed his slacks and he was wearing classic blue AussieBums.  Fuck me sideways he looked like he was just made to wear speedos.  He was semi hard as well.

I said I'd grab him a drink and turned around about to head towards the kitchen when I felt his hand grab the back of my speedos by the waist band.  Mr. Grindr came up behind me and started kissing my neck, grinding his cock along my arse crack and he reached around to the front of my AussieBums and was rubbing my cock through the lycra matrial of my white speedos.

He then undid the drawstring.

My AussieBum Coolabah's don't have any elastic in the waist band so once the drawstring is undone they get pretty loose, pretty quick.  Mr. Grindr told me he wanted to fuck me.

We had managed to get close to my kitchen breakfast bar which had condom and lube on it.  Mr. Grindr was rubbed up and he squirted lube into my butt and put a glob of it on his cock.  He bent me over the breakfast bar and entered me.  He really did fuck me hard and not having had a cock inside me for the last month or so I was pretty tight.

Mr. Grindr was cumming in no time.  When his trusts finally died down he got on his knees and told me to cum on his face.

Now with my back to the breakfast bar, I pulled the bum of my speedos up, pulled the front down and started jerking off.  I was really horny and it didn't take long until I was cumming on Mr. Grindr's face.  He grabbed my cock and rubbed the last of it over him.

He said he wanted to leave my jizz on his face for the drive back to Sydney so he pretty much got up and left.  Not a big talker - hahaha.