Author: mypenname3000
Title: Winning a Genie Harem Chapter 19: Hot Genie Wife's Passion
Summary: Steve's made his choice and chosen his genie. Now he has to face the other genies and convince them he made the right chioce.
Keywords: FFfffff mff mFf ff Fsolo fff oral anal A2P creampie rim inter voy exhib D/s

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Characters

Main Characters

Corey Derrickson: High school senior, friend of Kyle Unmei, given the chance to marry one of four genie, each from a different tribe, if he can find them at St. Maria Theodora Catholic School!
Aleah Buckley: Corey's first sex slave. High school senior. He claimed her after Kyle suggested she'd be a good candidate for starting Corey's harem.
Tania Buckley: Aleah's younger sister. Corey's second sex slave. High school sophomore. Seduced into the harem by Aleah.

Students

Asra Duff: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and PE. Thought to be a lesbian, the goth girl is actually a Ghul who wants to get Corey expelled.
Bettie Black: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and History classes. A spoiled princess dripping for a man to take her in hand. Now his sex slave. She is revealed to be the Jann
Briana Hamilton: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and PE classes.
Brenda Nevada: A senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes.
Debbie Goffe: Sophomore at St. Maria Theodora.
Franny Keighley: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Jennifer Nielson: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Hallie Hunt: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and Chemistry classes.
Havva Najjar: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class. After eating her pussy and seeing her submissive nature, Corey suspected she was the Jann but was wrong. She is also his sex slave.
In'am Alfarsi: Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A slutty Arab girl who waited naked in Corey's locker room eager to enjoy the only boy at school. Corey suspected she was the Si'lat but was wrong. Now his sex slave.
Lisa Comstock: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Megan Scrivenor: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Nadia Rivers: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's PE class. Challenges Corey to a hot race. When he caught her, he claimed her. Now his girlfriend. She is revealed to be the Marid.
Natiqua Osbourne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class. Was convinced by Corey to join his harem in favor of falling for Father Horn.
Regina Florence: Girl who moved in next door to Corey, sophomore at St. Maria Theodora. In Tania's math class. Is seduced by Tania and becomes Corey's girlfriend. She is revealed to be the Si'lat.
Pita Reyes: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and Chemistry class. Joined Coreys harem after the fight with Father Juan.
Ritsuko Takayama: A Sophmore at St. Maria Theodora.
Rita Pickle: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Sheila Thorne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's History and PE class.
Tammy Fredrick: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and PE Class
Ursula Bannister: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Chemistry class. Joined Coreys harem after the fight with Father Juan.
Vanessa Shearer: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes. After her private study with Corey, now she's his girlfriend.
Zahia Qadir: A Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A submissive, Arab Christian that is eager to learn naughty things from Corey. Now his girlfriend. She was suspected to be the Marid.

Faculty

Mrs. Abigail Reynolds: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Ms. Allie Reid: Corey's English teacher and the librarian at St. Maria Theodora. A naughty teacher doing wicked things with Corey. Now his girlfriend. She is revealed to be the Ifrit.
Coach Denise Bennett: Corey's PE teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Mrs. Donna Blackwood: A philosophy teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Anna Petra: A nun and Corey's Chemistry teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Doris Suzette: A nun and teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Ester Sarah: A nun and Corey's Math teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Francis Jean: A nun and Corey's History teacher at St. Maria Theodora. Her true desires have been uncovered and she no longer tries to stop Corey. She has submitted to his desires.
Sister Nova Victoria: A nun and new headmistress at St. Maria Theodora. She was suspected to be the Ifrit but Corey was wrong. Now his sex slave.
Ms. Valerie Terrence: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.

The Incubus

Father Juan: The Incubus summoned by Asra to disrupt the school!
Father Horn: The Satyr summoned by Asra to disrupt the school!
Father Puck: The Pookah summoned by Asra to disrupt the school!
Father Black: The Svartlfar summoned by Asra to disrupt the school!


Aleah Buckley  Thursday, September 10th 

Ms. Reid the Ifrit leaned on me as we left behind the auditorium. She shivered, her flesh cold. She'd burned too much of her fire to kill the Svartlfar, Father Black. Her fires had exploded out of her and washed over the bastard.

It had been amazing. Stupendous. Those fires had caressed me but had not burned me.

Now I was worried about her. 

Come on, I told her, the immortal being trembling and staggering. You can make it.

'Course I can, she slurred. A violent shiver ran through her. I'm Humayra daughter of Rawiya

That's right, I said. Humayra. That's a pretty name, Ms. Reid.

Reid... She trembled again. Means redhead. You know. Like it. One with fire hair.

Oh, I said. I had no idea. Well, come on. Let's get you back to the others.

I burned for him. He'll be proud of me.

Yes, he will. Corey's going to love you.

Be his wife. She glanced at me, her coal-black eyes dull. Want that... Seen him. Watched him with you all summer. He has passion. He blazes so bright. I want my man to burn.

Yes, he does, I said, smiling. I'm sure he'll pick you. I mean, you almost killed yourself.

Yes! Another violent spasm as we staggered down the halls.

Dazed girls wandered around naked, coming out of the various entities' influences. The bastards must be getting beaten everywhere. Father Puck and Father Horn wouldn't stand a chance. Then we'd figure out how to kick Asra out of the school, too. That bitch had to pay for all of this.

Tried to get me to cheat on Corey. To fall prey to that gorgeous dark elf. I shuddered at how close I'd come. Being bait had been a risk. Not that I'd die, but that I'd become the plaything for Father Black. Worshiping him instead of my Master.

Thank you, I whispered.

The Ifrit didn't seem to hear me.

We rounded the hallway and the library lay ahead. Her library. The doors were sealed shut. The rest of the harem and Corey waited in there. My Master must be pacing with worry, chaffing that he couldn't fight. But he was a man. What could he do against these dangerous beings that Asra had summoned?

Through the windows set in the door, Regina peered out. The cute, petite Djinn opened the door, blonde pigtails dancing about her face. She stepped aside for us, staring at Ms. Reid with a curious look.

She's damaged her core, Regina said, blue eyes widening behind her glasses.

Burned the bastard, Ms. Reid said.

We entered the library where the harem waited. You're the first back, Aleah, said Jennifer. She gasped. What's wrong with her.

Burned the bastard, Ms. Reid slurred again, her body shaking.

She's cold! I said. We need to start warming her up.

Here, get her on the table, Sister Nova Victoria said. The nun headmistress patted it.

Vanessa swooped in and came in on the other side to help me carry her. The brunette gasped. She's so cold. How is she still standing?

Not human, I said. I couldn't imagine a human surviving with such a low body core. Okay, settle her on the table.

We did. Ms. Reid gasped as she stretched out on it, her fiery hair spilling about her face. Her black-rimmed glasses shifted on her dainty nose. Her large breasts jiggled. I grabbed her right thigh, rubbing at her flesh. The harem swarmed in to help. Havva rubbed at Ms. Reid's right arm and Jenny her left. Vanessa took the left thigh and Sister Nova Victoria groped the Ifrit's large breasts. Natiqua rubbed her ebony hands across Ms. Reid's smooth, beige belly. In'am went straight for the Ifrit's pussy, sliding through the fire-bright hair to massage the Ifrit's twat. Ursula and Pita rubbed calves and Zahia massaged Ms. Reid's face with dusky-brown hands.

You're going to be fine, I said, feeling Ms. Reid's skin drinking in our warmth. Already she seemed to be improving. 

The Ifrit just moaned. In'am jammed two fingers into Ms. Reid's pussy, plunging them in and out of her while Sister Nova Victoria squeezed those breasts, digging digits into the pillowy flesh. My hands stroked and massaged and kneaded Ms. Reid's thigh, caressing over her skin and working life back into her, restoring what she lost.

Who just kicked a fairy's ass? Bettie announced.

I threw a look to the door to see the Jann striding in with Tania on her arm. My fellow sex slaves both had big grins on their faces. Bettie thrust her arm up into the air, her round breasts heaving. Burnished-brown hair swayed about her lush and haughty face. Her triumph glazed.

That's right, Master, I... Her voice trailed off. Master?

I frowned and realized Corey wasn't here. He wasn't massaging his Ifrit. Wasn't helping us warm her back up. I glanced around at the other members of the harem. They were all shifting, rubbing at her flesh, none meeting my gaze.

Where's Master? my sister asked. Did something happen to him?

He, uh, left, Regina said.

What do you mean, 'he left'? demanded Nadia, the Marid sauntering in, hands on her hips, her glossy-black hair falling down around her shoulders. 

Behind her, Sister Francis Jean peered over her shoulder, a look of wild lust on her face. But Master has to be here! I need him so badly! I have to be fucked!

What do you mean, 'he left'? Nadia repeated, fixing Regina a withering glare.

The Si'lat, already the most petite of the Djinn, shrank even more. Bettie joined Nadia, advancing on the blonde. She swallowed and then said, He, uh, left.

Why didn't you stop him? Nadia asked.

Bettie nodded in complete agreement.

Regina straightened up. He overruled me. She swallowed. I can't stop him.

Why did he go? Bettie asked.

I groaned in realization. He went after Asra, didn't he?

What? Ms. Reid demanded. The Ifrit's flesh flared with warmth. A chill swept through me. Goose-pimples broke out across my body and a violet shiver racked me. My teeth rattled. And I wasn't the only girl ripping back hands and gasping. Ms. Reid sat up and scooted down the table. Why would he do that?

Because he's a man, Bettie groaned. 

Then let's go, Ms. Reid said. She scooted off the table. You should have at least went with him.

I had to protect his harem, Regina said, her spine straightening. That's what he wanted me to do. He ordered me to guard them.

Well, the threats are neutralized, Nadia said. Let's go and save him before Asra kills him. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson

They'll hate this, my new wife said.

Wife... I knew I would pick a genie to be my wife, I just didn't think it would be today. And certainly not Asra. She had a pleased smile on her face as she took my arm with a certain possessiveness. If she was my wife, then I was her husband. 

That fact cut both ways.

The Ghul was quite cute. Gorgeous, even, with that smile on her black lips. She went with the Goth look and it fit her slender figure. The heavy eye shadow and mascara made her eyes at once haunting and vulnerable. Her black hair contrasted with her milk-pale skin. Even my skin seemed dark against hers, and I was a redhead. Small, firm breasts, a black bush dripping with my cum, and a spiderweb tattooed on her inner thigh.

I wondered what she really looked like, this flesh-eating monster I married. Regina had shown me her true form, though hers was just an Arab version of her current blonde form. Was Asra the same, or was she like the others claimed: disgusting?

Mmm, the other four are going to be so pissed at you for choosing me, Asra continued as we walked across the school roof where I'd confronted her.

If I couldn't stop her from trying to harm my harem, then I would neutralize her the only way I could. So I had ended this and chose her. I could hate her for being a bitch, but I felt pity when I realized why she was lashing out. She was excluded when she only wanted to be included, despised for no other reason than being different.

Now I'd tamed the monster and she clutched to my arm with a smile on her lips. 

We descended the stairs naked. My clothes were back in my math class, Sister Ester Sarah's room. She'd been swept up by Father Horn. I'd last seen her and the girls in an orgy with the satyr. I supposed he was dead by now. I had faith the other Djinn would win.

And I knew they would be angry at me.

We descended down the stairs to the first floor. Asra's steps were light, her hips swaying. She had a feline grace to her. Predatory. Yes, she hungered. I could feel it in her eyes when she glanced at the naked girls stumbling through the halls, coming off the lust magic that had permeated the school. A pair of them were kissing in an alcove, still lost to it.

We rounded the corner and the library's doors lay ahead. I drew in a deep breath, preparing myself for the storm. I was just about to open it when the doors flung open and a naked Ms. Reid stood before it. She had a look of fiery determination on her face that exploded into shock.

Corey? she gaped at the sight of me. And... What is she doing on your arm?

Asra tightened her possessive grip.

You made her your bitch, Bettie said, standing behind Ms. Reid. The Jann burst into mocking laughter. 

Ms. Reid stood aside. The other three genies were behind her. The Marid had an intense, studious look on us as we swept past them. Regina blinked in surprise. Ms. Reid seemed to be deflating, the exuberance with which she flung open the doors melting out of her. Bettie kept giggling with spoiled delight, reveling in the supposed humiliation of Asra.

I am not his bitch, Jann! snarled Asra.

You're dripping with his cum, Bettie observed, her hazel eyes sparkling.

You made her your wife, Nadia said, disapproval thick in her voice.

Bettie's mirth popped.

What? gasped Regina.

No! roared Ms. Reid, heat dancing around her body, her hair fluttering in the roiling air. You did not make that disgusting, vile, filthy, flesh-eating

maggot-ridden, corpse-rutting spat Bettie at the same moment, the ground rumbling.

polluted, stinky, miasmic, and rotting thing snarled Regina, her blue eyes wild behind her glasses, a pair of vortexes while her blonde pigtails whipped around her face.

treacherous, foul-mouthed, poisoned-clawed harridan your wife! exploded Nadia, water pouring off her body. What were you thinking?

How could you choose that thing over us? Bettie demanded. She stamped her foot and the room shook. Books fell off shelves. 

The harem shouted in surprise.

I fought for you. Burned for you. I almost died for you! raged Ms. Reid. And you picked this odious, blood-sucking, fly-spawn whore to be your wife?

This is unforgivable! howled Regina. The winds swirled around her faster and faster. You have offended every Si'lat choosing such a putrid and loathsome thing over a creature as sublime and perfect as me.

What were you thinking sticking your dick in her rotten cunt? demanded Nadia. Do not be fooled by the form she wears. She's black. She's a sack of rot and pus and carrion!

Diseased slut! 

Poxed whore! 

Worm-ridden slattern!

I weathered their anger, Asra clinging to me, her head raising higher and higher. Their insults blinded together. The four of them pressed inward, all shouting over each other. The hatred in their eyes slammed into me.

Finally, they sputtered out into hissing words and shaking mutters and crackling snarls and sputtering silence. I faced them all, the fury in their eyes. The rage in their faces. Especially in Ms. Reid's.

Are you done throwing your tantrums? I demanded.

Tantrums? roared Ms. Reid. Her hair waved again as the heat distorted the air around her. I burned my core for you. I almost died protecting your woman, and you pick that thing? I could understand the little Si'lat trollop or the Jann bitch. Even the Marid. But a Ghul! There is nothing in the universe more foul, more ugly, more nauseating than a Ghul.

I pulled away from Asra and motioned to her. That's ugly? I squeezed a firm breast, kneading that boob. That's not a ripe pair of tits? I spun her around and bent her over. I thrust her ass out at the others. And smacked it. 

Asra cooed in delight.

That's not a tight and gorgeous ass? My fingers slid lower. I parted her pussy lips. My cum spilled out. Let me tell you, that was virgin pussy. Untouched. And she tasted sweet. Nothing rancid about that cunt. She was as delicious as any of you. She sucked my cock with hunger. She surrendered her body to me with zeal.

You picked her, muttered Bettie.

She is sexy, said Aleah. She strode up to us and then she knelt and kissed each of Asra's butt-cheeks, right then left. That is a great looking ass and... She ducked her head into Asra's black bush and licked. Mmm, she tastes good mixed with your cum. Nice and sweet. Master, I don't know what the Djinn are talking about. She's gorgeous.

All four of the Djinn bristled.

Tania appeared next. She knelt down by her sister and nuzzled her face into Asra's pussy. The Ghul moaned and wiggled her cute, pale tush. Tania had a big smile, her green eyes bright behind her glasses. Yum, Master.

The sisters rose, then the two nuns appeared. Sisters Nova Victoria and Francis Jean both knelt down and kissed Asra's rump and murmured how cute she was. Mistress, Sister Nova Victoria said, please make our Master happy by being his wife.

Just the happiest, Asra said with smug delight.

You've earned the enmity of every clan of Djinn, snarled Ms. Reid, her dark eyes flickering with flames. Do you know what you've done, Corey. How you've insulted us?

Not all the clans, Asra said. Or do you forget that the Ghul are Djinn, too?

Barely, muttered Nadia.

She's not one of us! Bettie hissed. She cheated. The Sultan will be mad at her. You can't pick her!

Can't? I demanded, flashing her a look. That's quite a lot of backtalk from my sex slave. You need to put that mouth to better use. On your knees and suck my cock.

Bettie flinched back at that. Her head lowered and she squirmed.

NOW, slave!

Bettie squeaked and then fell to her knees. She opened her mouth wide and sucked on my dick covered in Asra's cunt juices. The Ghul just smiled as In'am and Havva came up next, two more of my sex slaves kissing and licking at the Ghul's cunt. Bettie sucked harder, her eyes squeezed shut as she did it.

And I don't care if Asra cheated, I said to the other three. I don't give a fuck about your rules. I claimed her. I had my reasons for picking her.

Regina burst into tears. Her over me? She hugged herself, her body shaking. I could accept the others, but... but...

Ms. Reid ground her teeth together. I fought for you. Don't you care about that? We risked ourselves to protect your harem and you throw us aside for her!

I didn't throw any of you aside for Asra, I said, fury boiling through me at this damned game. It seemed like a lark in the beginning, but Kyle had messed up leaving out one of the tribes. I'm keeping all of you. You're all my wives. I'm done with this choosing. I can't. We went through something today. We all worked together to defeat the threat.

That she caused! Ms. Reid hissed, pointing at Asra. Now she's getting a reward!

The point of this was to win honor for our Clans! Regina said. How will the Si'lat clan supposed to be the best if you marry all the others!

I flashed my gaze to her. If you're just here to win your people honor and have no interest in being a part of the harem or being my wife, then you can get the fuck out. I only want you to stay for yourself.

Regina wilted.

So it shouldn't matter what clan wins. It should only matter that you want to be here. 

Bettie sucked harder on my cock. 

The Jann's in. Regina. You?

She quivered there. Well... I mean... I do care for you. Love you. She blushed. I just... I don't want to give you up. She flung herself at me and hugged me from the other side as Asra. She rubbed against me in a cute and trembling way. I'll be your wife. I don't want to give this up. I mean, I get to have Tania as my slave, and she's so much fun to molest during classes. I was going to tease her with air and make her squirm and gasp and have orgasms.

I love you, Tania moaned. Let's keep her, Master.

You cannot have five wives, said Nadia. A man is only permitted four wives.

I rolled my eyes. Why four?

Four is a number with power. It is the symbol of the world. Of creation itself. The four elements. The four humors. The four corners of the world. The four cardinal directions. It is a foundational number, as a man's wives are the foundation of his harem.

So four wives and all the concubines I can want? I asked.

She nodded.

You stepping out then? I asked. Making way for me to have the other four?

Nadia blushed. I didn't say that.

It's fine, I said, smiling at her. Bettie's my sex slave. It would be weird for her to be my wife. I'm keeping her no matter what. Look at her, she's already surrendered to me.

Bettie kept sucking. She nursed on my cock with worship, her head bobbing, cleaning off all of Asra's juices. My dick throbbed in her mouth, my orgasm building and building, bringing me closer and closer to erupting into her hungry mouth.

So, Ms. Reid? I asked. You fought for me. You risked everything for me. Be my wife. I want you at my side. I want your passion for teaching, for love, for protecting my women with me.

Ms. Reid swallowed. She glanced at Asra. When did you make this decision to keep us all? After you chose her?

Fuck, no. I've been wanting to keep you all. How could I choose between you? I was going to drag this out until the last possible moment just to be selfish. I wanted to enjoy all you for as long as I could. Well... I'm going to be as selfish as I want now.

The Sultan will be mad, Ms. Reid said and took my proffered hand. You're defying him.

Kyle's my friend, but I am not giving you up for him. I'll defy him. I smiled at her. Going to be just as passionate when that happens.

I'm your wife, she said and I felt that shifting happen. It's my duty to support you. Fight for you.

Guide and counsel you, said the Marid. I felt that connection forging with her. 

And fuck you, said Regina, pressing her small breasts into my arm and joining with me as my fourth wife.

I glanced down at Bettie. She closed her eyes, sucked with all her might, and bound herself to me as my slave. Perhaps the Jann would be pissed that their representative got the lesser role, but Bettie willingly accepted being my concubine-slave.

Damn, I groaned and erupted in her mouth.

I trembled surrounded by my four genie-wives and pumped my cum into my genie-slave. Bettie gulped down the cum. She sucked with hunger on me, swallowing it with zeal. I bucked, Asra and Regina clinging to me, my harem clapping around us.

Damn, I groaned, riding the high, my pleasure slamming into my mind. Fuck, you are one hungry slave, Jann.

She makes such a docile pet, Asra said, rubbing her hand through Bettie's burnished hair.

Bettie sucked hard and her eyes tightened. As I spilled out the last of my cum into her mouth, I knew I'd have to do something about the enmity the four had for Asra. I couldn't let it fester. My women had to get along. My wives had to be willing to play with each other.

This school day is fucked, I said. Let's go to the dorm. I want you fourI gave the four original genies looksto bond with Asra.

Nadia grimaced and Ms. Reid sighed. That was what I had to fix. They had the wrong idea about her. Maybe her people really did deserve their reputation, or maybe they were just the outsiders getting shit on for being different. I didn't know. Asra had a temper. She brimmed with pain. But what I'd found in my monster's heart, so far, had been delicious.

Master, may I make sure the school is in order, Sister Nova Victoria said. I have to make sure my chargers are recovering from what happened today.

Of course, I told the headmistress. Get things settled. Join us when you can.

And with that, I led my harem to the dorms. The five Djinn were around me, Regina and Asra clinging to my arms, Ms. Reid and Nadia striding before us, Bettie trailing behind us. The rest of the harem orbited around us, grouping up and chatting. Pita and Ursula looked the most unsure, not surprising since they were the newest. They'd relax.

We entered our dorm suite and the bed awaited. I looked at Asra. Choose one for them to play with,I said. Then the next and so on. We're going to get them to see that you are anything but disgusting.

Bettie, she said. She's the most accepting. I want to show that I can be loving even to a slave.

Er, yes, uh, Mistress, the Jann said, sounding unsure. I guess you're my Mistress now.

We all are, Bettie, said Regina. She smacked the Jann's ass. And I know that's just how you want it.

I guess so, the Jann said.

Well, my wife, how are we going to play with you? I asked, leading Asra to my bed. It lay in the central room of what should be the shared living room. The four genies had set this up. The other rooms were for the members of the harem who didn't get to share my bed that night. I mean, there was only so much room.

To show how generous I can be, said Asra, Bettie can sit her pussy on my mouth so I can eat her.

I bet you want to eat me, Bettie said, a hint of muttering in her voice. 

Well, if Corey gives me permission, I can eat you in other ways, Asra purred and slid onto her back. The dark hunger in the Ghul's eyes glittered. She opened her mouth and, for a moment, her human-like teeth became fangs. Sharp and needle-like.

Bettie glanced at me and said, Master, I am your slave. Do with me as you will.

I won't do that, I growled. You're not helping, Asra. Stop being a bitch to them.

Sorry. The Ghul smiled, her black-painted lips pursing together. I couldn't help it. I won't bite her. Hard.

Bettie burst into giggles and then she slid onto the bed. 

I smiled. This was going to work. This insane idea of bringing our enemy into our harem. The Jann crawled onto the bed, her round breasts swaying. Then she straddled Asra's mouth and lowered her cunt. The Jann didn't hesitate, hips wiggling, to settle her twat right on the Ghul's mouth.

Asra licked. Bettie moaned.

I moved between my wife's thighs and pressed my cock into her messy bush, eager for a second go at her pussy. I rammed into her. Asra's small tits jiggled. She moaned into Bettie's pussy. Delight crossed the Jann's face, the gold and green flecks in her hazel eyes glittering.

She threw her arms around my neck, pulling me to her. She pressed her forehead against mine, her eyes filling up my world. I groaned, our noses brushing. I pumped away at Asra's pussy, savoring her cunt's grip on my dick. She held me tight. The pleasure rippled through me. My dick throbbed in her pussy, pulsing and aching.

I pumped away hard and fast. I slammed to the hilt in her cunt, savoring her snatch squeezing about me. Her flesh massaged me while Bettie whimpered. Her eyes sparkled. Then she kissed me with hunger.

I thrust my tongue into her mouth and didn't taste any cum. She'd used her magic to clean her mouth.

Good slave.

I grabbed her ripe tit in my right hand while I slammed my cock into Asra's pussy. I buried to the hilt in her, plundering her snatch over and over again. Bettie's tongue darted around in my mouth, caressing me. Teasing me. 

Asra's thighs gripped my hips. Her pussy squeezed about my cunt. My Ghul's tight twat devoured my cock on every thrust. Her flesh hungered for my cum. My balls smacked into her taint while she moaned into Bettie's pussy.

Cunt isn't half bad, moaned Asra, words muffled. Not bad at all.

I love it, moaned Aleah. Mmm, little sis, want to love my snatch. I'll love yours!

Yes! squealed Tania.

The harem paired off into twos and threes, falling into fun. All save my genies. I could feel the other three watching Bettie and Asra bond. The Jann kissed me with hunger. Her lips moved on my mouth. Her tongue danced with mine.

I broke the kiss and ducked my head down. Bettie arched backward, thrusting her tits up at my face. I cupped both her breasts and kissed at her plump flesh. I drove my cock deep and hard into Asra's cunt as I latched on to Bettie's nipple.

Master! she gasped as I suckled. Oh, yes, yes, that's making what Asra's doing to my cunt feel amazing.

She's so juicy, purred Asra. Mmm, yes, yes. 

I thrust harder, the ache building and building in the tip of my cock at hearing Asra's delight. That she was getting along with Bettie. I suckled with hunger on the Jann's nipple. I nibbled on it, my hands squeezing her tits. 

Her moans echoed around me. She ran her hands down my back. Her fingernails bit into my flesh. Her gasps grew throatier. She raked her nails across my back, leaving lines of fire. My dick throbbed in Asra's cunt.

Master! Mistress! the submissive Jann cried out. Oh, yes! She's got her tongue deep in me. I... I...

Bettie cried out in orgasmic rapture. She shuddered, her fingernails scratching across my back. Her breasts jiggled in my hands as she bucked. Asra's cunt clenched around my cock. I could hear her feasting on the cream that I knew gushed out of Bettie's mouth.

So delicious! gasped the Ghul.

She joined Bettie.

Asra's cunt writhed and spasmed around my cock. That wonderful delight surged through me. I shuddered as I pumped away at her hot flesh. I thrust to the hilt in her again and again. I rammed deep. Hard. I plundered her twat. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. It was incredible to enjoy. An absolute delight. 

I erupted.

My cum spurted into my wife's cunt. I pumped it into her spasming flesh. She moaned and gasped, her snatch milking me. I groaned around Bettie's nipple as the pleasure slammed into my mind. Hammering rapture drummed into my thoughts.

I loved it.

I drank in the ecstasy bursting from my cock. My balls unloaded my seed into Asra's pussy. I savored it. I rode the high of my orgasm. I ripped my mouth from Bettie's nipple and howled out to dorm, to the world, my pleasure.

Oh, Master, panted Bettie. She's so good at eating pussy.

I winked at her as I fired the last bit of cum into Asra's pussy.

Bettie gasped, her eyes widening. Oh, she just gave my pussy a little nip. That felt incredible. Yes!

Bettie slumped over, squirming and groaning, quivering through another orgasm. Asra had a huge grin on her face, her black lips and milk-pale cheeks gleaming with pussy juices. I groaned and pulled out of her.

Mmm, Regina, Asra moaned, get that cute, little Si'lat ass over here, lie on me, and kiss me.

Sure! Regina said. I like kissing pretty girls. And you do look pretty, Asra.

I am pretty, the Ghul said, staring up at me.

I winked at her.

Regina charged in, her blonde pigtails dancing behind her. Bettie rolled off the bed as the Si'lat flounced onto it. Regina landed on her knees, bouncing twice. Then she threw her petite form onto Asra's equally nubile body. 

The pair kissed with enthusiasm. They squirmed together, Regina's blonde bush meeting Asra's black, cum-matted one. They kissed with enthusiasm, the pair squirming together in delight, Regina's rump flexing.

The horny Si'lat just couldn't resist her lusts no matter how much she might have claimed Asra was disgusting. It made my cock throb hard. I watched them, eager for Asra to tell us how we would play with Regina.

Turn around, moaned Asra. Let's eat each other's snatches. I want to watch as Corey slams his cock into your pussy. Just see that delight up close and personal.

Ooh, yes! Regina moaned. You're pussy is full of his cum. Mmm, two loads. Lucky me!

Regina didn't turn around like a normal girl would. She lifted off the bed, her body spun in a gust of swirling wind, and then she settled back down into a sixty-nine with Asra. Regina buried her face between the Ghul's thighs and feasted with hunger, blonde pigtails draped over Asra's thighs.

I moved around the bed to find Asra licking at Regina's blonde-furred muff with eager delight. The Ghul's shadowed eyes looked up at me with this naughty gleam in them. Then she grabbed my cock and pulled it to her cunt.

Fuck the little Si'lat slut hard! 

I am such a slut, Regina moaned in complete delight. Yes, yes, please, fuck me, Husband. I'm your wife now! A giggle of delight burst from Regina. Yours!

I pressed my cock into her pussy and thrust. I slid my dick into her juicy cunt and savored the embrace of her twat around my dick. That wonderful snatch embraced my cock. I groaned, savoring every inch of her snatch sliding over my cock, her pussy squeezing around me. She massaged me with her delight, teasing me.

I pumped away at her cunt. I reveled in her pussy's grip on me. I thrust away hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in my Si'lat's twat while my Ghul licked at my shaft. She flicked her tongue up and down my shaft as I penetrated into Regina again and again. 

Shit! I moaned.

Mmm, I know, groaned Asra. That little slut's got her tongue deep in me. She's licking out all your cum.

Yummy cum! moaned Regina dreamily. Yummy pussy! Yummy cock!

I loved how her twat gripped me as I drew back so I could plunge into her. That tight heat that squeezed around my cock. It was fantastic. Then I had Asra's tongue lapping at me. My balls dragged over her forehead. She kissed them before I pulled back.

I shuddered, pumping away into Regina. I thrust hard. Fast. I rammed to the hilt in her while she feasted on my cum buried in Asra's cunt. My balls grew tighter and tighter with every thrust. I gripped Regina's hips while around me, the harem played.

Pita and Ursula kissed and fingered each other. In'am wore a strap-on and fucked Jennifer hard from behind while she licked at Vanessa's pussy. Zahia, sitting on Natiqua's face, worked a long, slender vibrator in and out of Havva's asshole while next to them, Aleah and Tania were lost to their sisterly sixty-nine. Only Sister Francis Jean was alone, holding her hands behind her back, still being punished.

Poor thing.

Oh, shit, she's got her tongue licking deep into my cunt! gasped Asra. Then she squealed. Now she's sucking. That little Si'lat whore is vacuuming out all your jizz from me.

Of course my wife is, I said, loving saying that. I had them all. All five of the genies. I took them my way. My balls ached. My orgasm swelled and swelled, building up steam until I would explode in Regina's cunt. Fuck, yes!

Asra's tongue fluttered against my shaft. Regina's twat massaged my dick. I buried over and over into Regina's cunt. She moaned into Asra's twat. The frame and mattress creaked. Bettie, Ms. Reid, and Nadia waited around the bed, watching us with hungry eyes.

Regina squealed. Her pussy went wild about my dick. Her cunt sucked at me. That wonderful heat surged through me. I slammed to the hilt in her cunt. I buried hard and fast into her snatch. Her pussy convulsed around me with all that wild passion. My balls ached.

Exploded.

Fuck, yes!

My cum fired hot and fast into Regina's twat. I pumped her full of my jizz. Spurt after wild spurt of my spunk flooded out of my dick and into her cunt. I groaned, reveling in the delight of pumping my seed into the hot embrace of the Si'lat slut. She whimpered and moaned, her cunt squeezing around my dick. That wonderful massage felt incredible.

Yes, yes, yes! Asra howled. You fucking naughty bitch! Making our husband cum!

Asra sucked on my balls, moaning about them as my cum pumped into Regina's pussy. I shuddered and groaned, my stars bursting through my vision. Regina's cunt sucked at my cock, rippling and writhing and draining my balls dry.

Her head snapped up as I fired the last of my jizz in me. Next! The naughty Si'lat then scampered off the bed, pulling her cunt off my cock. Asra kept nursing at my balls while Regina hopped off to the floor before Bettie. Slave, lick my pussy clean of my husband's cum.

Yes, Mistress, the Jann purred and fell to her knees, happily licking. 

Mmm, I need to try another pussy, moaned Asra. They're so yummy. She glanced at the Ifrit and the Marid. I think I'm in the mood for something spicy. Ms. Reid, stretch out on your back. I'm going to devour you. Asra licked my balls. And, Husband, I have another hole for you to break in. I can't be a virgin everywhere.

I grinned.

Nadia sighed.

Though I was married to Ms. Reid, it was hot thinking of her by her last name. That would change, I knew, since she was now technically Mrs. Derrickson, but I liked the naughty teacher vibe. I wanted to keep that going for a little while longer.

She stretched out her busty form on the bed, her breasts pillowing into two lush and jiggling mounds. She spread her thighs, her fiery bush soaked with pussy juices. Asra sat up, licking her black lips. I darted in and kissed her, savoring the tart taste of Regina's twat on her mouth.

Mmm, come eat me out, Ghul, Ms. Reid purred. Show me what you can do with that mouth and tongue. If you're going to be my sister-wife, then let's do this properly.

Asra broke her kiss and arched an eyebrow. First you were offended, now you're all passionate?

I'm fire. I burn hot but I can't stay angry long. I need new things to consume.

I understand consumption, Asra cooed. She crawled between Ms. Reid's thighs and wiggled that slender ass at me. 

There was not a drop of my cum left in her bush or leaking out of her snatch. Regina had done a thorough job on the Ghul.

I brought my cock, soaked in the Si'lat's cunt cream, to Asra's slender, pale ass. I pressed between her butt-cheeks. She moaned into Ms. Reid's cunt. The Ifrit teacher quivered in delight, her big tits jiggling back and forth. She stared at me with such hungry eyes as my juicy dick slid lower and lower until I found my goal.

Break in her asshole! purred Ms. Reid. Fuck her hard. She needs to have all her holes ready to take your cock.

Like a good wife should, Regina sighed. Then she gasped. You naughty Jann whore, yes! I love that.

The moans of the rest of the harem echoed around me. They were cumming, switching partners. Aleah and Tania were attacking Vanessa now. Natiqua was getting her ass fucked by the vibrator, still wielded by Zahia, while Havva was bent down and rimming Zahia's asshole. They both wore their tartan headscarves, looking so adorable. In'am now had Pita riding her dildo while Jennifer and Ursula sixty-nined beside them.

I smiled and thrust my cock into my Ghul's virgin asshole.

Her tight anal ring resisted for a moment. Then she surrendered to me. She moaned as I slipped into her. I pressed deeper and deeper into her naughty bowels. I loved the way she shuddered and moaned. She wiggled her hips back and forth while my dick sank deeper and deeper into her bowels. The pleasure spilled over my cock. The wonderful delight of her bowels engulfed inch after inch of my shaft, swallowing my dick with hunger.

Yes! gasped Asra, into Ms. Reid's pussy.

Mmm, sodomize her, husband! purred the Ifrit. Her coal-dark eyes smoldered behind her glasses. She squeezed her thighs about Asra's black-haired head. Ass-fuck our wife hard. Ooh, she's devouring my cunt. She's got a mouth that was made to love pussy.

Yes, she does, I growled. And to suck dick!

I reveled in the hot grip of Asra's asshole. My cock throbbed as I pressed deeper and deeper into her bowels. I bottomed out in her and then pulled back. My Ghul moaned, wiggling her hips and stirring her velvety sheath around my cock.

I slammed back into her. I rammed deep and hard into her asshole. My balls smacked into her flesh. I fucked her hard and fast. I groaned, my back arching, the pleasure surging down my shaft. It was a thing of beauty. A wondrous delight. A rapture that had my hips thrusting forward hard and fast. 
Shit, yes! I groaned, savoring Asra's bowels around me.

Mmm, that's good! the Ghul moaned. Don't hold back. I can take it!

Yes, pound her asshole, husband! moaned my Ifrit-wife.

Yes, yes, husband fuck her hard! panted Nadia. 

Do it! Regina moaned, grinding on Bettie's mouth.

I groaned, pumping away with powerful strokes. I buried hard into her bowels. I slammed deep into her. The pleasure rippled over my cock. My heart hammered in my chest. My hands squeezed about my wife's hips, holding her tight while I pounded her.

I rammed into her tight sheath over and over again. I plowed her hard and fast. I reveled in the heat that flowed down my cock from her velvety sheath. The pleasure rippled through me. The amazing sensation danced through my body. 

I slammed forward hard into my Ghul. I plunged to the hilt in her bowels. It was such a treat to experience. An amazing delight to enjoy. Every last thrust into her brought me nearer and nearer to exploding in her.

She groaned. Her hips danced from side to side while she feasted on Ms. Reid. The Ifrit trembled, her breasts heaving. The pleasure crossed her face. Asra's feasting brought the teacher closer and closer to her own climax.

Yes, just like that, you little Ghul delight! gasped Ms. Reid. My clit! Oh, yes, yes, I love having my clit played with. Mmm, suck on it. Fuck, yes!

Ms. Reid heaved. Her face contorted with the pleasure of her orgasm. Her eyes squeezed shut. Her red hair danced about her tossing head. Glasses shifted. Asra's bowels clenched around my cock as she licked up the Ifrit's passion.

Yes, yes, you like getting eaten by a Ghul, cooed Asra.

It's fucking amazing! The Ifrit grabbed her heaving tits, squeezing them. Corey! My husband. Oh, yes!

Now your turn, I groaned to Asra, my hands stroking her slender hips and sides. Let me feel you cum!

She squeezed her bowels around my cock. She wiggled her hips and then she groaned. Her head snapped up. Her black hair danced as her asshole writhed and spasmed around my dick. The pleasure surged through my body. 

I groaned, my heart hammering in my chest as I experienced the rapture of her convulsing bowels. The wonderful delight of her anal sheath writhing and spasming around me. I slammed into her, my balls smacking into her taint.

I erupted into her. 

My cum fired into her asshole. Spurt after spurt. I flooded her. I reveled in every blast. The pleasure slammed into my mind. I loved my Ghul. I basted my wife as the stars danced before my vision.

Fuck, yes!

Mmm, pump that cum in me! Asra moaned, her head glancing at the watching genies. Pump me full of all that yummy seed!

So yummy, Regina sighed.

I groaned and fired the last of my cum into Asra's bowels. I panted as I swayed there. I had hit the peak of my pleasure. Then, with a pant, I pulled my cock out of her asshole. It slid out with a wet plop. I shuddered and then beckoned to Nadia.

How are we going to play, Ghul? Nadia asked. 

Asra crawled forward and rested her face on her hands, her ass thrust up into the air. Why, you're going to lick out all of our husband's cum from my asshole while he fucks your pussy.

With his dirty cock? the Marid asked.

Well, you're water aspect, cleaning dirty things should be something you're good at.

Nadia's jaw worked. You're doing this to demean me.

You did spoil my fun yesterday.

When I stopped you from killing Corey! This is petty.

I know. But you're going to do it, aren't you? You're a slut, wife. Just like me. Corey's made us all into his kinky whores.

Nadia glanced at me and smiled. Yes, he has. My pussy will wash his cock clean and make him cum harder than your cunt did. Then your ass, also.

Big words.

Nadia bent down and nuzzled her face between Asra's butt-cheeks. The Marid sucked and moaned, wiggling her hips at me. Her shaved pussy was aimed right at me, dripping with juices, waiting for my dirty dick to plunge into her depths.

I pressed my cock into her and thrust.

I groaned as Nadia clenched down my entire plunge into her twat. She was buffing my cock clean of Asra's asshole. At the same time, she kept sucking, making Asra moan. My Marid wife was hungry for cum, not caring where the source came from.

I groaned as her pussy purified my cock with her juices. She felt wetter than she'd ever had. The pleasure rippled down my shaft as I pumped away at her, letting her polish my pole. The delicious, silky massage of her twat felt incredible, my balls already swelling with another load of cum.

I loved my stamina.

Oh, fuck, yes! gasped Asra. Corey, she's sucking your jizz out of my asshole. She's such a dirty Marid, isn't she?

Just as dirty as you, wife! I groaned, thrusting away at Nadia's twat.

Asra looked over her shoulder at me and winked a dark eye. Her anger gone, her true playfulness was revealed. Like a lioness playing with her kittens, restraining her deadly power. I groaned, knowing things would be interesting with the five of them in my harem.

I pumped hard and fast into Nadia's cunt. Her pussy gripped me. She kept squeezing tight, not relenting. Her control of her pussy muscles was amazing. She wiggled her hips, her juicy cunt sliding around my cock.

Fuck! I groaned, my balls smacking into her clit on every downstroke. Buff my dick clean!

Yes, husband, she cooed.

Asra gasped. Oh, she's got her tongue in my butthole now. Corey! Corey, she swabbing me!

Good! I panted, thrusting away hard and fast at my Marid. Cum on her mouth.

Cum in her pussy, husband!

I would. Hard. I would feed my Marid with every drop of cum in my balls. Already, I was approaching my eruption. I pumped away hard and fast into Nadia. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch, the ache at the tip of my dick reaching for that boiling point.

My balls smacked into her clit. Her pussy held me tight. The pressure swelled at the tip of my cock. I couldn't hold back much longer. Not with that amazing pussy massaging me. Squeezing me. I groaned, pumping away with powerful strokes.

Yes! Asra moaned. Oh, fuck, yes! I'm cumming from having my ass licked by a Marid slut! My Marid wife!

Cheers burst from the watching harem.

Ooh, you're so lucky, whimpered Sister Francis Jean.

Yes! I groaned. My hands slid up Nadia's body to her swinging, round breasts. I squeezed them. Join her!

Mmm, yes, my husband! Nadia cooed as I slammed into her pussy. 

As I pulled back, her cunt went wild. That hot twat spasmed and writhed about my dick. I shuddered, savoring the buffing delight. The pressure surged towards my explosive release. I slammed back into my Marid's pussy and erupted in her.

I pumped my cum into her pussy. The pleasure slammed into my mind. I had my genies. All five of them were mine. My harem moaned around us. Aleah and Tania were writhing with joy in the middle of them.

Sister Francis Jean whimpered in need.

I groaned, spurting my cum into Nadia's greedy cunt. Her juices bathed my balls as her convulsing walls rippled around my cock. I shuddered, my body bucking as I fired the last spurt of cum into her pussy I could.

I knew Kyle would be pissed. He told me I could have one genie and now I had five. I didn't care. I'd stand up to my friend no matter how much power he had. How many deadly women and powerful Djinn were in his harem.

I would never let any of my women go.

I pulled out of Nadia and my eyes fell on Sister Francis Jean. I made you a promise. It's the next day. Time to get your cherry popped.

The nun quivered in delight. Until Kyle showed up, I would have fun with my harem. I would savor them all. I grinned. I had won me the wildest genie harem in the world. 

To be continued...
