VII.

Nyota arrived on McCoy’s doorstep a few days after their tryst in his pristine new office. There was no interrogation. He welcomed her, arms open wide, eyes full of concern, and his heart overflowing with love.

Leonard McCoy was a pessimist by nature. Yet when she crossed the threshold and buried her face in his chest and began to cry, something strangely resembling hope bubbled to the surface. He cursed the negative thoughts he’d entertained and renounced the hateful whispers he’d uttered against his wife’s name.

Nyota was damaged goods. Hell they both were. Nyota and McCoy were halves to a whole comprised of a myriad of negative experiences and bevy shady histories. He knew going into their union that it wasn’t going to be easy, and instead of countering Spock’s attentions from their inception, McCoy let Nyota walk away. He cried incessantly over a situation that could have been avoided. He entertained the thought of revenge with the first kiss Jim placed on his lips. It was useless; McCoy’s heart, body, and soul only wanted her.

He may have had Jim Kirk to thank for their meeting, but this reunion was all orchestrated by his own hand.

The thought of what was his, sharing a bed with another man made Leonard McCoy violently ill. Surely if Spock professed even a fraction of that depth of affection for Nyota, then the knowledge of what transpired between husband and wife would indubitably drive the man insane. Or, at the very least, create an irreparable wedge between the star-crossed lovers that would send Nyota back where she belonged.

McCoy’s eyes landed on the face of the woman sobbing in his arms. Her body shook with every hiccup and interruption of breath. She searched his face for forgiveness. He had none to give.

Nyota’s cheeks were stained with tears and her eyes heavy with unshed water. “I’m so sorry I hurt you.” Her words were useless, a Band – Aid on a wound desperately in need of stitches. Begrudgingly he accepted her guilt-induced apology. The doctor leveled the lightest of kisses to the tip of her nose.

He didn’t want sympathy or pity from her.

McCoy smoothed the wild strands of Nyota’s hair. “Hush darlin’.” He filled the accompanying brush of his lips with the promise that one day he would no longer associate her touch with pain.

Nyota’s arms tightened around his waist. “Happy birthday.”

He’d nearly forgotten the significance of the day. A fitting present, the return of the life he’d wanted. He didn’t fight her when she broke their embrace, her attention focused on the bottle of Glenfiddich. Nyota’s finger traced the full body of the bottle. She stroked the small card in front of it, recognizing the script.

“Jim?”

He nodded. “A gift from a friend.”

She hesitated before speaking, considering the depth of the pending conversation. “That was… sweet.”

He groaned. The inevitable question was balanced on her tongue and yearning to be expelled from her lips.

“Did…”

Unable to stand neither another moment nor an additional veiled accusation, McCoy attacked. “Does it really matter, Nyota?” He watched her tremble in response to the harshness of his tone.

Wasn’t she the same woman who had walked out on him, forgetting their vows while she succumbed to the desires of her flesh? Fuck the adulteress. Screw the cold blooded femme fatale that left him heartbroken and alone. McCoy watched as Nyota blinked rapidly forcing her tears to return to the ducts buried behind her eyes. She regained her composure quickly, returning to typical upper class form; back straight and her arms elegantly folded across her chest.

“Yes, it does.”

Nyota’s lips formed a severe line, but her eyes were wide and expressive as she eagerly anticipated his answer. Surprisingly her bluntness and brief display of emotion comforted him. He closed the space between them, held her face in his hands. “All I’ve ever wanted is you.”

Something registered on Nyota’s face and a wave of calm rushed over the doctor. It was what she needed to hear and a realization he needed to face. As much as he wanted revenge he’d never wish the trials he’d endured on anyone.

Not even the living and breathing source of that pain.

***

Life went on.

A semblance of happiness returned to the McCoy household. They laughed, loved, and discussed the possibility of children in their future. Nyota stopped trying to change him and he ceased apologizing for his meager upbringing. Compromise became a way of life for them. The doctor no longer held his forgiveness hostage, it was his wife’s to receive, free of conditions.

Nyota was on a healthy road to recovery. The number of pill bottles in their medicine cabinet decreased. Her penchant for smooth and expensive wines diminished. Yet, the man couldn’t help but wonder where she spent the hours they were apart. Did she take phone calls from her former lover? Were flirtatious smiles exchanged over warm cups of coffee?

McCoy watched and waited. His gaze drifted over his shoulder on cloudy afternoons spent walking hand in hand with his wife along the city’s streets. He knew the time of Spock’s appearance would soon come. A jilted lover with red rimmed eyes, the shreds of the man’s heart stitched on his sleeve for the world to see. All while professions of love billowed from a tongue weary and tired from long nights travailing in fruitless prayers.

Time passed, days grew longer; McCoy stopped anticipating the confrontation, pushed the inevitable disaster from his mind and enjoyed the reconciliation with his wife. The tension in the doctor’s shoulders subsided until the day he lifted his eyes from the screen of the monitor on his desk and found Spock’s frame filling his doorway.

The city had been buried under a cover of gray for over a week. Rain fell steadily from the sky, promising a spring filled with lush green grass and brightly colored flowers. It was Wednesday, the heaviest day on his schedule. Patients didn’t begin to arrive until after nine, McCoy heard the buzzer, the brief melee between his receptionist and a familiar monotone voice. Spock’s water logged steps squished and squeaked along the hall as he travailed to the doctor’s office. He looked like shit, hair matted to his head, jacket wrinkled, and a thin layer of stubble gracing his chin.

“I need Nyota back.”

Smirking, McCoy sat back in his chair, glancing at the clock; he knew he had fifteen minutes before his first appointment. He’d humor the aristocrat, briefly. The battle had already been won, there was no way he would entertain the thought of his losing his wife again.

“The lady has made her choice.”

Spock moved closer, “We never meant to make you suffer.” He dropped his briefcase, “I owe you an apology.”

McCoy noted that while disheveled and unkempt the man still held on tightly to the power carried in the syllables and vowels of his last name, he expected the doctor to back to gracefully and honor his demands.

“Aren’t you the gentleman, embracing accountability and accepting your callous behavior,” McCoy eased from the chair and walked around his desk, “That doesn’t sound like a fucking apology to these ears?”

“Doctor McCoy, I apologize.” Spock paused staring him in the face. “If you love her, you’ll let her go. You’ll let Nyota be happy.”

McCoy smiled, “You’re an idiot. She doesn’t want to happy…she wants to be loved. She wants to be accepted. She wants someone who really sees her.”

Spock pounded his chest before speaking, “I make her happy.”

McCoy didn’t even miss a beat. “You don’t even know her.” He infringed upon the man’s personal space, “To you, she’s a doll that you dress up and carry around like the lost little boy you are.”

McCoy’s words forged their way deeper, their effects evident in the man’s demeanor.

Spock’s eyes glistened but no tears fell. “I love her.”

“Boo hoo. So do I, you’ll have to try harder.”

The buzz of the intercom interrupted their face off. The doctor waited for the receptionist to relay the information from lab before turning his attention back to his esteemed guest.

“Guilt is the only reason Nyota returned to you. She couldn’t bear your suffering, your calls in the middle of the night, and your idle threats.” A rush of confidence filled Spock, “You love her like a dog loves his owner.”

“And that owner rewards the dog for its loyalty and affection.” McCoy returned to his seat. “I never threatened Nyota, I just asked for her to come home.”

Spock moved around the desk, an air of desperation creeping into his mannerisms. “You will hurt her with your disapproving glares and poor bedside manner. You’ve yet to forgive her.”

Maybe he would hurt her and it was possible that his heart would know pain again as a result of his wife’s actions, but he had forgiven her. He would do it again without question, if that’s what it meant for the survival of the love that lived between them.

“I have forgiven her. Without forgiveness, we’re savages. You’re drowning without her Spock.”

The doctor returned his attention to the screen and ignored the look of disdain on Spock’s face.

“Without me there would be no Mr. and Mrs. McCoy.”

McCoy paused, glancing at the man beside his desk, “Yeah thanks for that. Jim wanted so badly to keep you that he arranged a match made in heaven.”

“Your marriage is a sham!”

A full bellied laugh emerged from McCoy’s mouth, “That is the funniest thing I’ve heard in a long time.” He extended a finger in Spock’s direction, “Try this on…she never sent the divorce papers to her lawyer.” Spock’s face contorted with the revelation, “That’s right, seven nights she laid beside you, contemplating her escape, knowing, lying, waiting patiently to get back to me, her beloved husband.” He ignored the receptionist’s attempts at a second interruption. “To you I may be common, low rent, of less than noble blood, but I am what Nyota, my wife has chosen, and we must respect what she wants.” McCoy picked up the receiver, “Five minutes, Christine.” He returned the phone to the cradle. “You go near her again and I will fucking kill you.”

“How could she love you? You are an animal.”

McCoy jumped from his seat, wrapping his hands around Spock’s collar and tightening his grip. He wanted so badly to drain the life from the self centered asshole, but he decided against it. The loss of Nyota would hurt him more than death. “What are you, mommy and daddy’s precious baby boy?”

He released him, pushing the man from his space. Spock recoiled and launched a verbal attack of his own.

“You think love is simple.” He pushed the journals, files, and loose papers from the doctor’s desk, yelling as they tumbled to the floor. “The heart is not a diagram drawn in black and white on the pages of your books.”

“Have you ever seen the human heart? It looks like a fist wrapped in blood!” McCoy held his hand up before Spock’s face, “Go fuck yourself.”

The doctor removed his white coat from the back of the door and eased his arms carefully into the sleeves.

“She hates you.” Spock’s words failed to hurt McCoy. The victory in this battle clearly belonged to the doctor.

“And she pities you and your repressed sexuality.” McCoy’s voice fell to a whisper as he opened the door, “Its over. Move on. Find Jim. Never darken my door again.”

A shadow of a long forgotten emotion danced across Spock’s face with the mention of his former lover’s name.

His voice was hollow as he spoke, “When did you see Jim?”

“Now who’s got a heap of questions and regrets?” McCoy straightened the collar of his jacket, “You really fucked that relationship up too…dumbass still loves you.” The doctor pressed further, “You were so blinded by your grandeurs of love; you didn’t see what you had right in front of you. Jim didn’t want to be a muse or inspiration for your poorly written expose. He wanted to be loved.”

The pillar of perfection did feel. McCoy watched as a solitary tear snaked a path down Spock’s cheek.

“Sit down.” The doctor tossed a box of tissue at the man. “Take some free advice, find him, apologize, move on with the life you had.”

Spock’s eyes were vacant. “He’d never have me.”

“Stop with the bitchin’ and moanin’, how do you know unless you try?”

“I don’t know how to find him.”

McCoy grabbed a prescription pad from his desk and scribbled down an address, “He owns an old club on the west side. I’ve seen him a few times. Almost fucked him once, but that’s not my thing. So, I didn’t violate your precious piece of ass.” He shoved the paper in Spock’s direction, “I really do have patients to see.”

Spock accepted the crumpled stationary before standing, “Of course.”

“You should really leave my wife alone.”

Spock took small, measured steps to the exit.

“I know. I’m sorry. Thank you.”

“For what?” McCoy met the man at the door.

“Your kindness.”

Despite Spock’s sincerity, McCoy still found his words amusing. “I am kind. I’ll bill you for my time.” Spock was half way out the door when the doctor delivered his final blow, “Oh by the way, Jim really does have a sweet mouth and a delicious tongue, sorry for telling you…I’m just not big enough to forgive you.”