I was making my rounds in an electric cart of a local supermarket, picking up a few things for dinner, minding my own business ... and keeping an eye out for a shapely bottom or a full-sized breast or just a pretty face when ... I caught a glimpse of all three in the same jeans-and-vee-neck-blouse ahead of me.
I followed her up the aisle, slowly, savoring the narrowness at her waistline, the way she rounded out the backside of her jeans and, yes, the more-than- handful globes in her blouse, much of which appeared in the loose fitting, deep vee cut of her blouse. The black material set off the tanned-and-freckled skin of her boobs very well.
Then I got a good look at her face and my heart-rate quickly doubled. She was gorgeous. She had magnificent blue eyes, blonde hair (although it appeared that it was probably not her original color) cut very attractively so that it just broke in curls on her shoulders. Her makeup was impeccably done, in either perfect lines or smoothly fading changes as the case might be. Her skin was as smooth as silk with no visible blemishes.
I rode toward her slowly, savoring her loveliness. When I got near, she spotted me and gave me a quick smile of apology as she moved her basket to the side of the aisle. I told her I wasn't in a rush and that she was not in my way but she just smiled. So reluctantly I rode on past her.
I killed time until she came by me, continuing her shopping. Unfortunately she turned the opposite way from where I was going and I didn't want to be obvious about watching her. So I turned away and sadly assumed I had seen the last of her.
But lo and behold, when I finished at one end of the store and turned along the meat counter at the back of the store, she was there studying different cuts of meats. I rolled by her a ways and then rode around a low-boy freezer case, turning back toward her and stopping to gaze longingly at her again.
Making her selections, she turned her basket up another aisle and I figured she was headed to the checkouts. But again I was pleasantly surprised when I spotted her stopped halfway up the aisle, looking at various bottled waters. I slowed my pace to a crawl, then stopped. There were two other shoppers in the aisle and I hoped they would leave first while the woman stayed. I had decided to speak to her.
I got lucky again as the other two shoppers moved on, leaving only the woman and me in the aisle. I began moving toward her. When I was a few feet away, she spotted me again and moved her basket over, cheerfully apologizing for being in my way. Gathering my courage, I motored on ... and stopped right in front of her.
She looked surprised but interested when I started to speak. "I hope I don't offend you," I said, "but I just have to tell you that I think you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen."
Her mouth dropped open, and then she smiled, her perfect, absolutely white teeth showing. Dimples also appeared in both cheeks. She said, "Why, thank you. That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me."
"Well ... I just couldn't pass without speaking to you. You are truly gorgeous."
"Thank you, again," she said, reaching out to touch my shoulder.
I couldn't help but let my eyes stray to her cleavage as she bent slightly. It was enough to show almost all of her left boob to me, and I felt a growing in my crotch.
She started to turn away and I reached for the cart's throttle. But then she turned back and said, "You've just made my day, you know."
"No!" I said emphatically. "It is you who have made my day."
She leaned over and kissed my cheek ... and I looked down the large gap between her blouse and herself. I now knew that she was not wearing a bra, her boobs would overflow even my large hands, and at least her left nipple was hard. Could the compliments have caused that?
Her left arm stayed around my neck and she knew where I was looking. I tried to draw my eyes away and look at her face but my gaze kept going back to those lovely boobs. She asked, "Do you like what you see?"
"Absolutely," I responded with feeling. I managed to look in her eyes; there seemed to be a little twinkle there.
She said, "You know, I think what I wanted might be on this other shelf." She spun around, still bent over and fumbled with some bottles near the floor. In the process, her magnificent bottom brushed against my arm. Hastily I moved my arm around her as if to keep her from falling, in the process pulling her back so that her bottom rubbed against my chest. Oh, if I could only strip away our clothes and have a go at her. Thank goodness I was not paralyzed above my knees.
I swear she rubbed her ass in little circles against me. Then with a little up and down motion that she repeated a couple of times she turned back to me with one little bottle in hand.
Again she bent over to me and put an arm around my neck. "You do like my boobies, don't you?"
"Yes, I love them."
"Good. What do you think about ... the other part?"
"Your bottom? It is wonderful."
"Oh, yeah? I'm glad you like it ... but ... well, how much do you like it?"
"What do you mean?"
"Well, if I promised to let you play with my boobies, would you kiss my ass?"
"Just as much as you can stand," I said fervently.
"Then I'll meet you at the front door in a few minutes, okay?"
"Yes!"
Twenty minutes later, I hobbled after her into a nearby apartment complex, just a five minute drive from the store. She put her purchases away and then, turning to me, took off her light jacket and left only her sleeveless, low cut blouse covering her standout knockers ... I just realized that the way they stood out as she moved was what caught my eye in the beginning.
"Come on," she said, leading me down a hall to a large bedroom.
She sat on the edge of the bed and said, "Just so we understand each other, this is going to be oral sex only. I don't let any man screw me until I get to know him. If you can't agree with that, we'll stop right here."
"I can understand that. And, yes, I agree. Tell me when you want me to stop and I promise I will."
"Okay," she said. "Here's what I have in mind. If you will kiss my ass until I say stop, then I'll let you play with my titties until you are satisfied. Okay?"
"Yes, agreed."
"You might as well get undressed."
We both took off our clothes. When she sat back on the bed naked, she asked, "How do you want to do this?"
"If its okay with you, let me kneel on the floor and you can pull your legs back."
I dropped a pillow where I was going to kneel in front of her and clumsily lowered my knees to it, slipping my crutches out of the way under the edge of the bed. I looked up as she spread her legs, gazing with desire at a pussy that must have been freshly shaved that morning. However she kept pulling her legs back until they brushed the sides of her breasts.
By lightly pulling the sides of her buttocks apart, I had easy access to her anus. I started as far up her legs as I could reach and licked my way down her legs and into her anal valley. With enthusiasm, I laved all of the flesh that usually remained hidden, going around in little arcs until I narrowed the arcs to her puckered little hole.
She had begun to moan softly as soon as my tongue settled into her valley but when I centered on her opening, she started squirming wildly and squeaking out words of encouragement, like "oh, yes, baby, lick me, honey, don't stop, please don't stop, lick my ass, sugar." Suddenly she shrieked, locked her legs behind my head and bowed her back as she climaxed.
A minute later, I pushed her legs back high and wide and resumed my assault on her anus. She said, "Honey, you've done your job. You can quit now."
"I'd rather not, if you don't mind."
"Well ... who am I to argue with success?"
She grabbed her legs and again tugged them close to her side, leaving my hands free to do the detail work. Surprisingly it didn't take long to get her going again, squirming and wiggling her butt as if she was trying to screw it down onto my tongue. In just a few more minutes things escalated until again she wrapped her legs around my head and shrieked, "I'm cummmmmmiiinnnnngggg!"
This time when she relaxed, I spread her legs again and went exploring, up over her perineum into the nether regions of her pussy. There was a small lake of cunt juice trapped in the folds of flesh that formed the bottom of her entrance and I lapped up every drop I could find. I sent my tongue into the slick, wet hole and searched out all of the sweet/tart tastes of her cunt juice.
I moved up again, located her clitty standing tall and proud, and sucked the little bud into my mouth. I softly lashed it with my tongue and then sucked on the whole area and my lady friend came unglued for the third time, gurgling something like, "ohbabythatfeelssogood, yes, baby, yes, domeagainpleasehoneypleaseeatmypussyandlickmyasshoney."
Hoping for at least one more good response from her, I set about licking and sucking everything from the top of her crease to the bottom, clit, pussy, anus and everything in between. Whether I found the magic button or it was just a combination of things, when I started pinging my tongue off her ass hole, she had the grandmother of all orgasms ... at least of the four she had had with me that day.
When I finally stopped licking her and laid my head on her abdomen while she recovered, she ran her fingers through my hair and whispered, "Let's lay on the bed, honey."
While I laboriously hoisted myself to my feet and more or less fell into bed only to pull myself around by my arms, she had gotten turned so that her head was at the head of the bed and she lay on her back waiting for me. As soon as I settled beside her, she opened her mouth with her lips puckered and I couldn't pass up that opportunity to kiss the most beautiful woman in the world. Yes, I realize that beauty is in the eye of the beholder but to me, that's just what she was! Hands down.
We kissed for several minutes, deep passionate kisses that kept my erection throbbing. Finally she broke away and said, "Time for you to collect your reward, honey."
I looked at her magnificent tits and began kissing my way down her neck, across her shoulders and around her two globes. I don't think her tits were as sensitive as some partners I've had but she certainly didn't complain. She rubbed the back of my head most of the time and seemed to arch her back to push her beautiful tits into my face.
I was lost in my own pleasure, sucking away at the most beautiful tit I'd every nibbled, when she asked, "Honey, do you ... you know, still do it?"
I looked up at her. "You mean, fuck?"
She nodded and I said, "Oh, yes. Every chance I get."
"So how do you ... do it?"
"Well, I guess most every way that other people do it. I love doggy style. Missionary is always good, whether its me or her on top. And there's lots of other positions too but I don't know what the names are."
"Really? You like to be on top in missionary?"
"Yeah, I love it."
"You want to ... do it that way with me?"
"Are you kidding? I'd do it anyway I could with you. But you said ..."
"Yeah, I know what I said. But that was before I knew how good you would be to me, honey. Would you fuck me?"
"If you're sure ..."
She nodded and I scrambled to get my legs between hers. There was an awkward moment as she tried to pull her right leg up far enough to let me get my lower legs between hers and I wound up on her foot before I got my weight up on my arms and slipped into place on the second attempt. She was very understanding.
I worked my cock up and down her slit between the lacy flesh that extended above the swollen outer lips. She was wet ... again ... and her juices quickly coated my member. However as I eased into her, I found her to be very, very tight so she either had not had sex in a while or her lovers were maybe smaller than me. I didn't know and didn't really care because right then I was the one privileged to be in her and it felt fan-damn-fucking-tastic to be in a pussy so tight.
It took me a while to work my whole shaft into her, using short strokes and making each one a little bit longer than the one before. She had her legs spread wide with her little feet bouncing in the air beside me as I moved. Her eyes were closed, her mouth softened by a gentle smile, and her hands kept running through the hair on my chest, stopping often to carefully pinch my nipples.
When I finally felt my crotch settle against her pubis, I rocked back and forth, loving the feeling of being inside her hot snatch. She wrapped her legs around my ass, her arms around my neck and pulled me down until our mouths met for a long kiss. When we broke apart, she pulled me closer and laid her cheek by mine and whispered, "Honey, that big thing feels wonderful in me. I want you to stay here for a minute and then fuck me hard, baby."
So I lay there supporting my weight on my forearms, hands under her shoulders, flexing my cock inside her smooth love tunnel. Every few seconds her pussy would squeeze around my shaft, returning the favor. Finally she smiled and said, "Okay, baby."
I started slow but at her urging started picking up my speed. Her facial actions and body motions indicated that she was loving the activity so I kept getting faster and faster, banging her pussy harder and harder, and she rewarded me by cumming again ... maybe half a minute before my balls coughed and spit shot after shot of hot cum into her fabulous cunt.
Afterward she pulled me down on top of her and smothered me with kisses. She said, " Honey, I have not had sex in months, since my last boyfriend got caught dealing drugs and was sent away for several years. Anyway you are bigger than him and have made me feel much better than he did. And I especially loved the way you just kept on licking my anus. I couldn't believe how fantastic you made me feel. The few times I could get a guy to do that, he always quit if he got me off once but you ... I couldn't believe you got me off FOUR TIMES." Her arms tightened around my neck and she again planted a series of sloppy wet kisses on my open mouth.
Finally she broke to regain her breath and I managed to roll to her side without being too clumsy but she turned with me and kept her luscious body pressed into mine. This time I initiated the kisses and she responded instantly. When we pulled back, I gazed into her eyes and averred in a soft voice, "Sweetheart, I can't believe it. I have just fucked the most beautiful woman in the world!"
Her grip on my neck tightened and she gave me another quick kiss, her tongue making a hit-and-run pass into my mouth. She broke the embrace to grasp my semi-aroused cock in one hand. She whispered, "I can't believe you said that again, honey. That makes me so horny. Do you want to try it again?"