Silent

H. Jekyll

MF, Mf, Ff, bdsm, nc, some scat:  story codes refer to the series, not to 
specific chapters.

Chapter Seven:  Mother and daughter


She was happy to see him when he returned to the bathroom.  She had used the 
blow dryer and a brush on her hair;  it needed cutting, but it flowed out from 
her head.  She had found make-up, and had used a deep red lipstick, red nail 
polish, and some eye make-up.  She had put rouge on her face and also, 
remembering some book, on her nipples.  She knew he liked underarms, so she had 
shaved hers especially smooth, and had oiled them with a scented lotion. She 
thought she looked lovely, and she hoped he would too.  She was still floating.

He looked her over for a moment and told her he was pleased with her.  He 
caressed her face with the back of his fingers, what seemed his most 
affectionate action.  They kissed, and he ran his palms softly down her back and 
up her ribs to her breasts.  Then he had her kneel and he fucked her ass. He 
readied her with a gentleness for which she wasn't at all prepared.  She worked 
to give him as much pleasure as possible, remembering what he had told her.  She 
got hot during all of this and wanted him to pleasure her like he did the other 
time, but he didn't and she was disappointed.  Then she prepared herself to suck 
his cock clean afterwards, but he had her use a wash cloth.

He led her to her bed, strapped her in with softer restraints than he had used 
before, added the ear plugs and turned on the white noise machine.  He did not 
blindfold her, though.

He strapped a devise over her pudendum, something she had not seen before.  It 
was a teardrop shaped, bowl-like contraption made of mesh, rather like a 
colander.  It went from above her pubic bone on top, where it was widest, to her 
anus, not touching any erogenous area.  A tube led from someplace she couldn't 
see to a spot on the mesh directly above her clitoris.  He made some 
adjustments, and it began to drip water on her with fair regularity, every 
several seconds.  The water was hot, but not burning.  "Now it's time for you to 
get some rest," he said.  He didn't tell her what the thing was for.

He left the room in complete darkness, and a cycle of water drops began.  One 
hot drop, then another, falling on her clitoris.  At first she thought that he 
would use them to shock her somehow, and waited tensely.  Then the drops began 
to stimulate her.  Very little stimulation.   The only stimulation.  A drop, 
then nothing, then another, in the dark.  There was nothing else to experience.  
After a bit she lifted her hips to try to get to them.  If she lay just so, they 
landed just right.  She was restless between them.  Then they stopped.  She 
waited, then gave up.   She even moaned in her disappointment, but caught 
herself and lay very quietly, hoping he wasn't nearby, and practiced open-throat 
breathing.  A few minutes later they started again.

She dozed between drops.  She woke with drops of hot water falling on her sex, 
trickling, tickling, down to her anus, bringing short fantasies of him pushing 
pins into her clitoris and making her hot.  Her world became her desire.  Then 
the photos began, dim projections on the ceiling that caught her dilated eyes 
and coincided with the drops.  These were photos of women being torture and 
raped. They were interspersed with film clips of more rapes and tortures, with 
sounds!  Through the ear plugs!  Women begging, moaning, and screaming, then 
sucking penises, being fucked in the ass, licking shit off the pricks, and 
drinking streams of urine from anonymous pricks.  The drops continued, not too 
frequently.  After a bit there were scenes of her own punishments and rapes, 
each one punctuated with drops.  She saw and heard herself cry and beg, and each 
time she was allowed just the touch of hot water on her clitoris.  Then there 
were scenes of her daughter being punished and raped, always accompanied by the 
drops.  

She could not turn away from the tape of her daughter, hands bound behind her, 
sucking his penis, sucking it thoroughly and deeply, while he flicked a whip 
down against her ass.  She watched her daughter jerk and shiver with the whip 
but keep her mouth on the penis and continue to give pleasure.  There were 
sounds with this tape, and she heard her daughter scream onto his penis, the 
sound muffled by the large head.  Another drop.

-----------------------------------------------------

She was there forever;  she didn't know how long it was.  Finally she slept, but 
fitfully, with sexual dreams that never brought her release.  

When he returned he removed the device from her crotch.  She raised her hips, 
hoping he would just touch her there.  If he would just stroke her vagina 
softly, once or twice, it would do.  Several of her prickings had begun to ache 
during the night (Night?  Had it been night?) but she was not concerned with 
them.  Just her sex.  Please caress it, please.

He studied her, inspected her body closely.  He kissed her deeply again.  They 
kissed deeply.  He sucked on her nipples until they stood hard against his 
tongue and she was panting loudly.  He stood.  "I know what you want, kitten.  
Fulfillment, though, comes through total obedience, and through pleasing me."  
He smiled at the devastated expression that crossed her face.  "You were 
disobedient only recently, something that we'll correct. You'll get to prove 
yourself to me, yet.  Now let's get you up and ready for the day."

----------------------------------------------------

She kneeled at his feet, hands cuffed behind her back, taking food the way he 
had trained her.  Her knees were spread so she couldn't give herself any sexual 
stimulation, but she was still hot.  He gave her a birth control pill and a 
multi-vitamin, adding an antibiotic tablet to reduce the chance of infection 
from the pins.  It wouldn't do to lose the main entertainment.  

Today he let her have soft fried eggs, taking them into his mouth and making 
them into a sloppy mush before spitting them into her mouth.  She hadn't any 
real food in days, weeks?  She didn't spilled any food, even the liquid.  She 
ate everything he had for her.  

He put her through her usual workout, using a thin fiberglass whip to make her 
go beyond her endurance.  She had very little stamina now, and would have to 
build back up.  He made her work her arms hard, and then practice using her 
hands again, though they didn't seem as bad.  When he had her lift weights she 
found her arms had almost no strength at all, from being immobilized so long.  
They used the bathroom and he gave her the usual enema to clean her out, then 
let her take a bath.  

After this he cuffed her hands behind her again, then led her out to the 
discipline room, where her daughter stood, legs tied widely apart, hands cuffed 
together and pulled straight to the ceiling.

----------------------------------------------------

"Look at her;  isn't she delectable?  Your first meeting wasn't all that it 
could be, so I'm going to let you have some sweet time together."

The woman and the girl stared at each other while he busied himself with 
something.  She remembered now that the girl's breasts had grown from before she 
had been captured.  She looked more mature. The mother saw immediately that the 
girl's shaved pussy was darkened and the lips were slightly open.  My god, he's 
done the same things to you.  He makes you desire.  Does he completely control 
you, too?  She already had known this, but it was concrete now, and she knew the 
answer to her question.

Her daughter stared back. Mother. Her pussy had looked strange when she whipped 
her.  Now it was different.   The daughter noticed the state of arousal.  Her 
mother's body had a few welts from the workout, and some old yellow bruises.  
She was so much thinner than she had been.  Her thighs had lost their marbling.  
And then there was her pussy, again.  Oh, Mother, you're all sexed up.  How 
could you let that happen?

"Go kiss each other, nicely."  She walked over to the child she had birthed, 
fed, changed.  Their eyes were locked on one another.  Neither had a choice, did 
they?  For a moment they held still, one or two inches apart, then they began to 
kiss shyly and tentatively, barely touching, brushing lips, feeling each other 
softly, not knowing how to get past their old mother-daughter form of kissing.  
He did not rush them.  Even obedient slaves need time to get used to some 
things.  

The mother started crying, and then they opened their mouths and caressed each 
other's tongues.  All of life was pain or nothingness or this pleasure, so they 
obeyed and feasted on each others' mouths.  That taste on her daughter's mouth - 
semen!  When did he have time to do that today?   Each found the other's mouth 
much smaller than his, less pungent, the lips softer, smoother, the mouth devoid 
of stubble.  

The mother moved so her breasts were touching her daughter's.  She had never had 
that gentle experience.  Her husband had told her he loved the sensation, the 
first feeling of her bare breasts against him like a pair of bumpers.  She 
flashed on him saying it and would like to have told him that now she 
understood.  She brushed her lips on her daughter's lower lip, then sucked on 
it, then sucked her tongue completely into her mouth.  Their breathing grew 
heavier.  The daughter's eyes closed almost completely and she tried to push her 
pussy out against her mother's;  mother pulled her hips back.  He let them kiss 
a long time, and they could have gone on for hours, but he stepped in.

"Now why don't you suck on her sweet nipples?  Do it right."

She bent over a little, took the nipples into her mouth.  They were already 
hard. Her daughter's breasts were still small and a bit pointy, so she could 
suck one almost completely into her mouth.  Her daughter panted loudly and 
thrust her chest as far forward as she could.  The mother bit a nipple, causing 
the daughter to gasp exceptionally loudly.  It kept occurring to her how 
damnable a thing it was to sex your own child, and she wondered in some corner 
of her mind how she could find it so easy to do this thing she'd never in her 
life considered.

"Now you're going to lick and suck her cunt."

She knelt and faced her daughter's pussy, but hesitated before the swollen pussy 
lips.  "Is it something you've never done before?  Why your little teenybopper 
has more experience than her mother."  And he laughed.  He told her to lick all 
along one lip, then the other.  Then lick all around the clitoris.  It wasn't so 
hard to get herself to do it.  It tasted tangy, and her daughter bucked 
wonderfully.  It just seemed strange to have sex with no moaning. She wished it 
were her own pussy getting licked, and she tried to do what she would want done 
to her.

----------------------------------------------------

"Now we're going to have a little contest.  Momma's job is to make her little 
baby come. Baby's job is to not come.  The loser gets severe discipline while 
the winner gets a sweet reward.  Go slowly, Momma.  There's no reason to win too 
soon."

The daughter went completely still.  Her eyes went from almost closed to wide 
open.  She pulled back as far as she could.  The mother thought, I can't take 
more discipline.  I have to win.  She moved up into her daughter and licked the 
full length of the pussy.  Her daughter only quivered.  She sucked in a pussy 
lip, the other.  Her daughter moved her hips forward for a second, then tried 
pulling back again.  She moved her lips as softly as she could directly on the 
clitoris, and her daughter moved her sex rhythmically.  The daughter gave in, 
moving her hips to allow her mother access to her hole, then letting her suck 
almost the whole vulva into her mouth.  She started to thrash and it was 
happening.  The mother sucked and sucked, and then the daughter moaned aloud and 
cried out and the mother stopped in horror, thinking, No, don't do that, don't 
do that!

He pulled the mother's head back.  No sense in giving more pleasure than was 
needed for the job.  The daughter's legs had collapsed so she hung, breathing 
heavily.  "Well, little one.  You wanted to come and you have.  But you've been 
a very bad loser, and we can't allow that, can we?  Since Momma won the contest, 
she gets the pleasure of disciplining you.  Momma, this will be the most fun 
you've had since you spanked her little bottom when she was a toddler."

He stood her up, uncuffed her, and  handed her a type of cane made of half-inch 
doweling, like he had used to batter her breasts.  "Hit her hard.  Very hard.  
Her breasts, her belly, her thighs, and her ass.  Not her face.  Hit her once 
every minute - I'll tell you when.  We have plenty of time.  I'll be especially 
pleased with you if you make her scream.  She's supposed to be quiet just as you 
are, but as you can see she hasn't learned enough discipline."  

She held the cane out, swished it through the air.  Her arm was weak but the 
cane made a heavy whooshing sound.  Her daughter just stared at her and made 
little jerky sideways movements with her head.  No, no.  "Give her the first 
dose of medicine now."

She swung as hard as she could, hitting the girl just above her navel.  The 
sound was a splat.  She watched the shock wave flash along her daughter's skin, 
saw her jerk backward with the first jolt, then watched as she began writhing 
with the secondary pain as blood poured into the wounded skin.  A few seconds 
after the blow a red mark appeared, and then this became a thick welt.  "A good 
start, my pet."  He was standing right behind the mother, right up against her 
in fact, caressing her belly, her breasts, and her pussy.  He instructed her how 
to hit more effectively. He moved a finger around her clitoris in a circle while 
he did this.

It took her several tries to get the technique right.  The second stroke, on the 
front of her daughter's thighs, barely made a mark at all, and he clucked at her 
impatiently.  Her daughter reacted the same way as before, though.  She used the 
same open-throated panting that her mother recognized she used herself.  The 
third stroke was much better.  It was on her daughter's breasts, right across 
the two of them, and they bounced like gelatin.  A drop of blood formed at the 
tip of a nipple.  Her daughter's eyes were scrunched mostly shut, and her mouth 
formed a lovely 'O.'  She writhed much more rapidly, and longer, and her mother 
thought she could hear the start of real vocal sounds.  He had stepped back to 
give her a wider arc for swinging the cane but now he stepped back right up to 
her and squeezed her labia, pulled them out, then let them slip through his 
fingers.  He did it well, as always.  "You are a natural flagellatrix.  You will 
get your just reward for this."  She stood with legs spread, letting the arm 
with the cane droop, and tried not to fall backwards as he played with her 
pussy.  She wanted to feel empathy for her daughter, but she couldn't get her 
attention off her sex.  

By now the daughter didn't stop writhing or panting between strokes.  She used 
all her stores of energy trying to not make sounds, but at the seventh stroke, 
on her ass, she let slip the first grunt, and at the eighth stroke, on her belly 
again, she lost all chance of silence.  She groaned and cried out, made sounds 
like a cat that has been hit by a car, and tried to say "no" and "please." Her 
face was wetter than her sweat-covered body.  Tears and sweat mixed with the 
snot that ran from her nose and around her mouth to drip off her chin.

He rubbed the mother's pussy with mentholated petrolatum.  He moved his slick 
hands along her sex, and pushed a slick finger into her ass.  "She has lost all 
discipline," he said.  "We need to begin over."  He didn't play with her enough 
to finish her, but enough to keep her close.  She waited for the next time to 
strike.  She wanted to make her daughter jump and scream, to get him to keep 
going.

----------------------------------------------------

They stopped after twenty-seven strokes.  Her daughter had ceased to interest 
him long before, and just hung by her wrists and moaned between strokes. There 
seemed to be a lot of blood. "We'll let her rest," he said.  "She can have more 
discipline later." The daughter wasn't completely conscious. 

Would be finish her now?  That's all she wanted.  She would do anything for him 
if he would let her finish.  The whole of her genitals and ass were hot from the 
mentholatum.  Do me now, master.

He took her to the bathroom and told her to clean herself up - she too was 
sweaty.  When he started out the door she moved a hand to her crotch.  "Oh no 
you don't!  Bad girl!"  He rummaged around and found the colander device, which 
he strapped on her.  She couldn't touch anywhere near her vagina.  "And after I 
let you whip her!  This is the thanks I get!  Trying to take your own pleasure 
without my permission.  Well, you have another thought coming, little girl!"  He 
stalked out leaving her to wash herself while whimpering, afraid of what he 
would do, and so dreadfully aroused.

But he didn't hurt her too badly.  He whipped her back with a belt for a bit, 
while she knelt before him, then he strapped her to the bed again and started 
the hot water drops.  This time he included tapes of her loving her daughter, 
and whipping her.

--ch. 7
