It shouldn’t have mattered. It shouldn’t have affected him at all. It did get to him though, and that could only mean he had doubts of his own hidden away somewhere.

It’s not as if the age difference was some new realization. It’s not as if he hadn’t been aware of it. Somehow though, one small conversation with Beverly had left him uneasy and he just couldn’t seem to figure out what it was that was bothering him.

He needed some quiet time to think, which meant…The door swished open and in walked Wesley. The smile on his face was real enough at having seen Will, but he had caught a glimpse of Wesley’s face beforehand. Something was wrong and Will was about to make it worse.

Wesley hugged him tightly, and Will whispered, “hey baby” before wrapping his arms around Wes. Wesley sighed and looked up at Will.

“Rough night?” Wesley nodded and Will leaned down to kiss him. “Wes, I’m sorry. I’m not about to help.”

“What’s the matter?” The concern in his voice and on his face only made Will feel worse.

“Wes, it’s just that…I just need some time to myself. There are some things I need to think through, and I just need to be alone.”

“My mom got to you.”

It wasn’t a question, and when Will opened his mouth to say something, nothing came out, and Wesley pushed away from him. He may as well tell Wesley all of it. He didn’t want to lie to him, and he didn’t want to keep secrets from him either.

“Wesley, if your mom got to me, then it was only because there was something there to begin with. But before you say anything,” he held up a finger to Wesley’s lips, because he had been about to talk, “I want you to know that it’s not something that I’m even aware of. I know something is bugging me and I want to figure out what it is so we can fix it. You have to believe me when I say I want this to work.”

Wesley nodded. “I do. I do believe you.”

Will cupped Wesley’s face and kissed him again. “I’m sorry.”

“No, no you’re right. Better to figure this out now. Better to fix this now. Better to figure out if it’s something that can even be fixed.”

Will smiled down at him. “When did you become such an adult?”

“Do you want an actual answer?”

“You have an actual answer?”

Wesley looked him right in the eye. “When I almost lost you.”

Now that he thought about it, he realized it was true. Wesley had been different since then. He was better around people, and seemed more sure of himself. He had grown, he had matured, and Will had completely missed it.

Wesley backed away from him. “I should probably get going.” He was nearly out of Will’s quarters when he stopped and cursed.

“What’s the matter?”

Wesley sighed and ran a hand through his hair before turning to face Will. His mouth opened and closed a few times like he was trying to find the right words.

“You fought, didn’t you?”

Wesley nodded. He definitely couldn’t go back there to sleep, and Will was sort of reluctant to let him go now anyway.

“You can stay here, Wes.”

“No, it’s fine. I’m sure I can find someplace to stay.”

“Don’t be ridiculous. Go get into bed. I was going to sit out here for a while anyway.”

Wesley nodded and Will watched as he headed for bed. He sat down and tried to wrap his head around what was bothering him. Instead, he thought about the changes in Wesley that he had apparently failed to notice.

The fact that he hadn’t noticed the changes worried him. They were good changes though, changes that wouldn’t have probably even have been made if he wasn’t with Will, and probably wouldn’t have been made even if he had been seeing someone else.

It was small things, like tonight, where Wes was willing to give Will time to himself. It was the nights when Will had to reluctantly leave Wes because he was needed on the bridge, and Wesley just kissed him goodbye and told him to be safe. It was Wesley’s growing confidence, in their relationship, in the bedroom, outside of their relationship. It was so much more than that.

It hit him then that he wasn’t in a relationship with a teenager. Well, technically he was, but Wesley had matured beyond that now. Wesley had always been intellectually mature, but somehow, nearly losing Will had pushed him to emotional maturity too. And even though the age was something he was always able to not even think about, for the first time he felt equal with Wesley.

Will felt himself relax, and for the first time he was able to picture his future with Wesley in a way he had never been able to before. Home. A home for him and Wesley that could be on a ship or on the ground. It didn’t matter.

He stripped off his clothes as he made his way to the bed, and crawled under the covers with Wesley.

“I thought you needed time to think,” Wesley murmured sleepily.

“Turns out the answer was right in front of me.”

Wesley rolled over and curled into Will, throwing an arm and a leg over him.

“Are we good?”

“Yes. Were you worried?”

“No.”

“Really?”

“You love me. Whatever it was, we would have been able to fix it.”

“What if it turned out I had a problem with the age difference?”

“Something tells me this was about the age difference.”

“Brat.”

Wesley laughed quietly. They lay in silence for a while, Will enjoying the warmth of Wesley’s body pressed against his, the warm puffs of air against his shoulder as Wesley breathed, the soothing motion of Wesley’s fingers on his chest.

“Wesley, you do see me in your future, don’t you?”

“You know I do.”

“Kids?”

“Yes.”

“On a ship, or on the ground?”

“I’ve pictured both. I think we would both prefer the ship, but it doesn’t really matter. I just want to be with you.”

Will rolled onto his side so he could kiss Wes. He pulled Wesley closer, his erection rubbing against Wesley now, when Wes pulled away, a sheepish look on his face, and then he yawned. Will groaned and pulled Wesley back to him, willing his body to cool down.

“Do you want me to…” Wesley moved his hand down Will’s body, but Will pushed it away.

“No. Don’t worry about me. Let’s just get some sleep.”

“Sorry.”

“Don’t be. You have nothing to be sorry for.” He kissed Wesley one last time and closed his eyes hoping sleep would come quickly.

************************

He felt warmth on his neck and as he slowly woke up, he realized it was Wesley kissing him.

“Oh, so now you’re awake and ready to go.”

Wes laughed against his neck and then pushed Will onto his back and straddled him.

“What do you want?”

Will smiled up at him and raised a hand, stroking Wesley a few times before moving his hand between Wes’ legs, stroking along his crease. Wesley laughed and grabbed the lube, handing it to Will. He slicked up his fingers and pressed one into Wes, enjoying the view of Wesley fucking himself on Will’s finger. He added a second finger and Wesley sped up a bit, eyes closed, tongue poking out from between his lips. He removed his fingers causing Wesley to groan.

Will laughed. “Just desperate for it this morning, aren’t you?”

Wesley blushed and Will laughed again. He slicked himself up and groaned as Wesley sank down onto him.

He watched as Wes began to move, and he watched as Wes shifted, finding the perfect position, the one that would make this better than good.

Even though he was beautiful like this, Will wanted him closer. He gripped Wesley’s hips tightly to keep him from moving. Wesley looked down at him, a questioning look on his face. Will just smiled and managed to roll them over without slipping out of Wesley.

He captured Wesley’s lips with his own and began to thrust. He moved his lips down to Wesley’s neck, kissing gently until Wesley squeezed his muscles around Will, causing him to groan and bite down hard on Wesley’s neck.

Wesley cried out, his own hand taking him over the edge, Will coming almost immediately after. He collapsed onto Wesley, grateful that he never seemed to mind Will’s weight on him.

The alarm went off and Wesley sighed. “I guess I should go now.” He tried to shift out from under Will, but Will wouldn’t let him.

“You have an extra uniform here, right?”

“Yeah.”

“Then stay here with me. We can shower together and then go to breakfast.”

Wesley looked at him like he was speaking a foreign language.

“Are you sure?”

“Definitely.”

Wesley grinned. “Well let’s go shower then.”

They washed each other, and took advantage of their slicked up bodies, Will wrapping a hand around the both of them, their orgasms leaving them light headed and giddy.

It was nice, getting to spend the morning with Wesley like this. Rationally, he knew he shouldn’t have allowed this to happen. He knew he should have sent Wesley away when the alarm went off. He couldn’t do it though. He was sick of hiding.

He was in such a good mood that he couldn’t help bumping against Wesley as they made their way to breakfast.

“What is with you this morning?”

“What are you talking about?”

“I stayed with you this morning, we’re walking to breakfast together, you just bumped me. We could have been caught…” Wesley stopped talking, the implications of what he had been saying finally hitting him. He stopped walking and turned to Will.

“You don’t care.”

Rather than pretend he didn’t know what Wesley was talking about, he just went ahead and answered truthfully.

“It’s not that I don’t care. It’s just…” He didn’t really know how to finish that.

“You’re not going to go out of your way to tell people, but if someone were to find out, it wouldn’t be a terrible thing.”

“Well, I’d still rather Picard didn’t find out.”

“No, of course not.”

Wesley was positively beaming at him. It was contagious. He could feel the wide smile begin to form. He would love to take Wesley’s hand, but he hadn’t been lying. He wasn’t going to risk Picard finding out, so they still couldn’t do things out in the open.

They got their breakfast and joined O’Brien, Worf, and Guinan at a table, and were shortly joined by Data and Geordi.

Geordi turned to Wesley. “Man, Wes, your boyfriend sure is possessive.”

Wesley laughed, his hand going automatically to the bite that Will had left this morning. “I don’t mind.”

“Wesley,” Data started, “I went through a list of possibilities of men that were likely candidates, and I believe I know who your boyfriend is.”

Will couldn’t keep quiet. “Oh, this I have to hear. Please, enlighten us, Data.”

“It is you, Commander.”

He could see Wesley’s eyes widen and could hear Geordi trying to tell Data that that was ridiculous, but Will just smiled.

“You know, Data, I really shouldn’t be surprised by what you can do, but I still am.”

He caught Wes’ smile before Geordi was demanding his attention.

“Will, are you saying that it is you?”

“Is there a problem with that?”

Geordi smiled at him. “No. Actually, I can see that. I think it works.”

“Just make sure you guys keep it to yourselves. Everyone at this table knows and Beverly knows. I don’t want Picard finding out. Oh, and I wouldn’t talk to Beverly about it if I were you.”

It was Guinan who spoke up at that. “I take it she’s still having problems with it then?”

“That’s an understatement.”

Wesley nodded his agreement, but he couldn’t wipe the smile from his face.

They spent most of the rest of breakfast talking about their relationship, which was a little strange, but at least they weren’t getting too personal with the questions.

He and Wesley made the trip to the bridge themselves.

“When you find a spare moment, you should go back to your quarters and grab some things to keep in mine.”

Wesley stopped walking. Will turned to face him and saw that Wesley was standing there with his mouth hanging open.

“Will?”

“Wesley.”

Wesley had been staring off, but when Will spoke, Wes’ eyes snapped to him.

“Are you talking about moving in together?”

“Sort of.”

“Sort of? Either we move in together or we don’t.”

“Wes, I would love to have you in my quarters permanently, but since we aren’t exactly telling the entire ship about us, then maybe you should still keep some stuff with your mother.”

Wesley started walking again, so Will followed.

“Yeah, okay. I’ll get some stuff.”

He sounded anything but happy about it. “Wes, if you don’t want to, you don’t have to.”

“What? No, I didn’t mean to sound so… I do want to… I…”

“This is going well.”

Wesley chuckled. “I’ll move some stuff into your quarters later, okay?”

This time Will could hear the smile in his voice. “Good. You probably won’t be there long anyway. Hopefully you’ll get into the Academy soon.”

Wesley was quiet beside him, and when he finally spoke, Will had to strain to hear him.

“I don’t want to go.”

He sounded so sad, and Will wished he could put his arm around Wesley and hold him close.

“I know. I don’t want you to go either. It could be worse though. I’m sure we’ll still get to see each other while you’re there.”

“I know. I just don’t want to be away from you for months at a time.”

He laid a hand on Wesley’s shoulder and squeezed gently. There was nothing he could offer in the way of comfort for either of them.

**************

The day had been uneventful. Travelling from one planet to the next was absolutely tedious. If there was information available on the planet they were travelling to, then he would spend his time reading up on it, otherwise, there wasn’t much for him to do.

Well, it’s not that there weren’t things to do, it’s just that there usually wasn’t enough to keep him occupied the entire time on the bridge, especially during the longer trips.

When he got back to his quarters, he found Wesley facedown on the bed, already in his jeans and a t-shirt.

Will lay himself down on top of Wesley, wrapping his arms around him and pressing a kiss to his neck. He felt Wesley move under him, so he lifted himself up just enough so that Wesley could roll over underneath him, before lying back down. Wes didn’t look happy.

“Hey, what’s wrong?”

“I went to get my stuff to bring here. I went during a time that she shouldn’t be there, but she was.”

Wesley had stopped talking and didn’t seem to have any inclination of continuing. Will kissed him until he could feel Wesley begin to relax under him.

“Do you have your stuff?”

Wesley nodded.

“Come on,” he said, standing up. “Let’s celebrate.”

He grabbed Wesley’s hand and pulled him to his feet. He figured a nice bottle of wine with dinner would be nice, and maybe help Wesley feel a bit better.

Wesley’s knock sounded at the door. They looked at each other and shrugged.

“Come in.”

Geordi walked in, with Data by his side.

“How did you guys know Wesley’s knock?”

“Worf told me,” Geordi replied. “Will, you need to change out of your uniform. You and Wesley are coming with us.”

“Do we get to know where?”

“Nope. It’s a surprise.”

Will looked at Wesley, who nodded, so he changed and they left with Data and Geordi.

“Why did you bring us to the holodeck?”

Geordi chuckled. “Will, do you understand the meaning of surprise?”

Next to him, Wesley laughed.

“What are you laughing at?”

Wesley just shrugged so Will cuffed him in the back of the head and Wes laughed again.

When the door opened, they walked into a diner.

“A diner?”

“We thought you guys would like to be around some of your friends and be able to not pretend that you two are just friends. Come on, we have a table in the back.”

He had to admit, he was touched. He slung an arm around Wesley’s shoulder and pulled him in close. He felt Wesley’s arm wrap around his back, and they followed Geordi and Data back to their table where Guinan, Worf, and O’Brien were already sitting.

They had an oversized booth, so Will and Wes slid in next to Guinan, with Geordi and Data sliding in after them.

It was strange to be sitting with people from the Enterprise and allowed to sit close to Wesley, or to rest his hand on Wesley’s knee, or to hold Wesley’s hand. And just because he could, he pulled Wesley close to him, his back to Will’s chest, and kept an arm firmly wrapped around him. Wesley relaxed back into him.

They spent a couple of hours with their friends, talking and eating, before they headed back to Will’s quarters. No, now it was their quarters. More than ever, he wanted to show his affection for Wesley in public. He barely restrained himself, and as soon as they were back in their quarters, he grabbed Wesley and pulled him in close. He wrapped his arms around him and Wesley huffed out a laugh.

“What?”

“Nothing. You’re just being awfully affectionate today.”

“Is that a problem?”

“Definitely not. I like it.”

Will leaned down to kiss Wesley and walked him backwards towards the bed. He pushed Wesley down onto the bed and crawled on after him. They lay there, clothed, arms wrapped around each other, trading sweet, lazy kisses.

He was content. He was more than content. He never wanted to move. This was what he had always imagined. The comfort, the closeness, the playfulness. A lover, a partner, a best friend.

He wanted to remember this moment forever, wanted to capture it just right to keep in his head, his heart, to help him through the loneliness that would come when Wesley finally went off to the Academy.

He swallowed against the lump in throat, still amazed at the feelings that Wesley stirred in him. It was funny how last night changed his entire perception of the relationship.

He had gone from knowing that Wesley would be in his future, that he loved him more than anything, to knowing that Wesley would be in his future and that he loved him more than anything.

He hadn’t even been aware that he would feel like this or act like this. It was a side of him he hadn’t even known existed. It made him feel vulnerable, a little scared, completely girly, but so incredibly happy.

“Hey,” Wesley murmured in his ear. “You still with me?”

“Sorry. I was just thinking.”

“Happy thoughts, I hope.”

“You have no idea.”

Wesley let out a soft, happy sigh. He placed a gentle kiss to Will’s lips, and then he buried his face into Will’s neck, content to sleep the night away, fully clothed and everything.

Will hugged Wesley tighter. It seemed like a good way to spend the night to him too.