I had been canoeing with some friends and we had parked at the end of a dead end road with a foot bridge over the river. I had been running late when I got there I realised I had forgotten my towel so I had been talking to wait for everyone to leave before I got changed. As the last of my friends left I was just putting my kayak on the roof of my car, I then started to get changed.
I had taken off everything apart from my shorts, I looked around to check there wasn't anybody about and took them off and put them in my car and felt the warm breeze on my naked body. I was about to put my boxer shorts on when I thought to myself "I've been here at least 15 minutes and haven't seen anyone other than our group I might just enjoy being naked for a minute". I stood there for a couple of minutes facing the back of my car with my bare bum on full view up the road holding my boxers so I could quickly put them on if I heard anyone, then I decided to be a bit more daring so I put down my boxers and put on my shoes then walked to the front of my car and back. I was now starting to get a bit turned on, I looked at the foot bridge at the end of the road which crossed the river then a path went through a short field and into a woods. I decided I would walk the 50 yards to the bridge and back naked, when I got to the bridge I bent over and gave myself 5 slaps on my bare bum before walking back to my car. I was now getting really turned on, I almost wished that someone would see me but maybe just a glimpse of my bare bum.
I stood by the back of my car and started to slowly wank a little, I then thought "I'm going to go over the bridge". I hid my car key and walked off over the bridge, across the field and into the wood. I must of walked about 10 - 15 minutes away from my car when I stopped and spanked my bum several times then broke a thin branch from a willow tree and used that on my bare bum. As I walked back I continued to use the branch on my bare bum, I had almost got to the bridge when I thought I heard a car pull up so I quickly hid behind a hedge and hoped I wouldn't get caught, I stayed there for several minutes but didn't hear anything else so I wondered if I really had heard a car. I crept onto the bridge and saw that there was a car there with a man and a woman sitting in the front and it was parked in a narrow spot right at the end of the bridge but they couldn't see me so I went back behind the hedge.
I stayed there for about 5 minutes but didn't hear anything, I thought about what I could do and came to 3 options, 1stay in hiding behind the bush and hope they leave soon and no one finds me, 2 swim across the river further down and try to get across the grass field and to my car without being seen or 3 just walk past them like it's totally normal. It was starting to get late so the first option wasn't the best and the second it would be very unlikely that they wouldn't see me so the best option seemed to just walk past them totally naked!
I had wondered earlier what it would feel like if someone saw a glimpse of my bare bum well now I was going to find out and they wouldn't just see my bum they would see everything, my bum was feeling sore so I felt it and could feel welts from where I had used the stick on my bare bum and the thought of them seeing the marks got me really turned on and I started to wank myself again. It didn't take long till I thought I was about to cum so I stopped wanking and thought I am going to have to do it. I walked onto the bridge and the car was still there and I got a better look as I got a tiny bit further across the bridge, the couple were probably in there mid 50s and were looking towards the bridge. I took another couple of steps and knew they would now be able to see I wasn't wearing a top but shouldn't be able to see anything else yet, I thought about covering my cock with my hands but decided that my best option was probably not to and just walk past normally. They were looking my way as I carried on walking across the bridge but I kept walking, I felt a little bit embarrassed but also excited as I realised that they would now be able to see I was naked and that I was heading straight towards them and would have to pass right by there car. 
As I got the end of the bridge there was a barrier to stop vehicles but to walk through it I had to turn my back to the car so they could then see my bare bum and as I was only about 6 feet in front of there car they would see the marks on my bum and they had now had a good look at both my cock and my bare bum. I continued towards my car but to do this I had to pass there's and there was a gap of about 2 feet on either side of there car and the hedges so I passed on the passenger's side were the lady was sitting. I was so turned on as I approached knowing she was going to get a good look at me naked but as I was about to pass she opened the window and said "your a bit naughty aren't you?"
I replied "yeah I'm sorry I didn't think anyone came down here"
He said "well we did. You know if we caught our children doing something like that we would give them a good spanking"
My already semi hard cock started to get harder as I wondered how it would feel to be spanked in public, she said "I think you like that idea don't you?"
I had been spanked a few times but by people I had chatted to online first and in the privacy of there homes, the thought of being spanked out in the open did sound kind of fun.
I said "what being spanked"
He then picked up his phone and said "or I could call the police"
She said "your bum already looks a bit red have you been spanked lately?"
I replied "please don't call the police I was just having a bit of fun and didn't mean to offend anyone"
He said "what sort of fun?"
I said "I was just walking naked but I did spank myself a bit I guess that's why my bum is red"
She said "so is it the police or do we spank you?"
I again said "please don't call the police"
She said "so we're going to spank you?"
He started to get out of the car as I said "OK I guess that would probably do deserve it"
She got out of the car as well and although I was totally embarrassed as I stood there naked in front of them I also had a hard on, they told me to bend over the back of there car and started to spank me on my bare bum. They took it turns to spank me, as I stayed bent over with my bum on show to anyone who came down the road. After a couple of minutes of them spanking me I heard another 2 voices and I realised that there were others watching me get spanked as well, I managed to glance round and there was a young couple there. I was so humiliated knowing they could see my bare bum that I felt must be red as it was getting sore and burning from the spanking, but I also liked the feeling knowing they were watching as I got spanked. Suddenly I felt a little bit of cum drip from my cock, the elder woman must of noticed to as she said "I think he might be enjoying the spanking to much" she then told me to stand up and turn to face the young couple then she started to wank me while he still kept spanking me.
She started wanking me slowly but then got a bit quicker, I felt so embarrassed standing there naked in front of these strangers who had watched me get spanked as she wanked me off. 
It didn't take long before I felt I was about to cum, I quietly said "I'm going to cum in a minute" hoping she would stop but she just carried on wanking me a bit harder and he spanked my bare bum really hard. I was desperately trying not to cum but couldn't hold off much longer, this time I almost shouted "I'M GOING TO CUM" She didn't stop though and with that I couldn't hold off any more. I felt completely humiliated and embarrassed as I let out a sigh and shot my load of cum onto the floor in front of these 4 strangers.
He said "I hope you have learnt your lesson"
I said "yes"
Then he said "thank you for letting us punish you"
As I started to walk back to my car I said "in a way I kind of enjoyed it"
The young lady said "we noticed but then again we enjoyed watching"