Sylvie's Quest
by paul2021

Sylvie dares to dive but how deep will she go?

SUMMER:

Sylvie lay on a beach towel, nude and shining, offering her body to the soporific mid-day Norfolk sun. She languidly let the tips of her fingers drift down over her glistening breasts and her soft tummy to settle familiarly on the mouth of her depilated cunt -- not to fuck herself -- just to feel the soft lubricious smoothness she now loved so much.

Today, she needed to calm, relax and think clearly and the beach was the perfect place. The Norfolk sand dunes and pine forests ran east-west for miles and were deserted if you knew where to park to avoid the day-trippers. Sylvie would always take the jeep down the farm track near the cottage and out across the flats to the wood at the back of the beach. Here she would find a secluded spot in the dunes to undress, sunbathe and swim without any disturbance.

It had been an eventful month since Tim had gone away so urgently.

First his credit card was cancelled, forcing her to raid the stash of spare cash at the cottage and ask Jake for a loan which was disappearing too fast. Finally, the biggest shock of all - she was called over to Tim's solicitors in Norwich to find that, if she could please sign the documents, she would become the sole owner of "Old Wood Cottage"!

It was all too much!

Tim had gone incommunicado so she had to live somehow and, if she could earn some money, she might survive without needing to sell or raise a loan. She had grown to love "Old Wood Cottage", and, in her mind, she was only a caretaker. After all, Tim would soon be back to re-claim her and the cottage -- wouldn't he?

******

Her first job application was as a lifeguard at the local tourist beach. She had always been a strong swimmer and on the day of her "audition", knowing that the supervisors were all male, she made a special effort.

That particular morning coincided with Jack's day at the cottage.

Jack was one of the young village crowd and Tim had employed him to maintain the garden and clear some of the Wood at the back. Sylvie chose that morning to reduce his pay-packet and, after softening him up by sunbathing topless on the patio, he was very sweet and blushingly agreed to stay on the lower rate until Tim returned.

This was her first win -- and now for the lifeguards.

She slipped on her red thong bikini - the halter neck was daringly slim fitting, and the bottoms were outlandishly cheeky. She was sure that would be sufficient to impress, and, after her last visit to the spa, her crotch was clean. With her denim shorts and crop top she was decent and, following a quick word with Jack, she left him to the garden, ran the jeep out of the garage, and she was off - soft top down and wind cooling as she drove through the quiet Norfolk country lanes.

The car park was empty when she arrived, and she was early for her interview. Feeling the refreshing breeze off the cobalt blue sea, she decided to walk along the surf in the sunshine, kicking the water with the soles of her bare feet like a child. She relaxed and time passed quickly, and it was soon time to head up to the Lifeguard Station.

******

Dave and Nick were both dishy sun-bleached blonds, deep tanned with the strong scent of sunblock. Dave the older of the two was down from London for the season. Nick was younger -- Sylvie recognised him as another member of the young village gang who were regulars at the "Jolly Sailors".

After filling in the forms it was time.

Dave suggested that Sylvie could leave her stuff in the back room and when she appeared in her costume Nick whistled -- the boys would be queuing up to be rescued by this one!

Sylvie was surprised. She expected Dave to snatch a look at her body, but he seemed to be disinterested. Nick, however, could not take his greedy eyes from her and feasted on her tits and bum without even bothering to hide his lust. Dave shot him a look and Nick smiled and turned away.

Did she want to wear a tee shirt for the walk out to the sea? No, that was quite unnecessary thank-you. Sylvie wanted to give Dave a little more time to be turned!

As they jogged out to the sea, Sylvie created quite a stir -- the beach was busy with trippers -- and she enjoyed the attention after her exile in the Cottage.

They both plunged through the surf and were soon swimming powerfully out to the diving platform beyond the breakers. It was good to cool in the deep blue and they soon arrived at the empty platform. Dave asked her to tread water and then deep dive which she performed effortlessly.

He then told her to lift herself on to the platform -- again no problem -- and Dave joined her.

******

Sylvie knew that her costume would now be semi-transparent, but Dave seemed to take little interest as he gazed back at the beach.

What was wrong with him?

After several minutes of a very pregnant pause, he asked her a question:

"You're from Old Wood Cottage, right?"

Sylvie nodded and he continued:

"I've heard lots about you -- you've got quite a reputation in the village. Yeah -- a hell of a reputation -- and I can see why."

She looked puzzled:

"Reputation?"

He continued:

"Let's just say people are talking -- about you having two blokes and being hard up and all... and look at you now -- showing it all off."

Sylvie was shocked but Dave wasn't finished:

"Look, you're a good-looking woman with a great body and you need money now -- right?"

She flushed up and didn't deny it.

"Don't worry babe, I'm not going to proposition you, but listen - I've got friends - contacts in London who could help -- yeah?

In the hotels in the West End, you can make tons of money.

I do it -- yeah -- I do. I like sex -- lots of it -- usually with blokes but sometimes with older ladies if they pay enough and, if I can earn good money doing it, then that's a win-win as far as I'm concerned.

I'm just suggesting that a woman like you would find it -- well -- easy to pick-up some custom on Park Lane or Curzon Street.

From what I hear you'd be pretty good at it!"

Sylvie's face was ruby red, but she was too embarrassed to protest at his frankness.

"I've got a driver who lets me use his flat and he takes me to all the hotels -- he knows who to bribe to prevent any shit -- and then it's up to me. He takes a half, and I keep the rest -- he's a bit of a gangster so he won't take any bollocks, and, in any case, he knows the market rate.

If you're interested, I can have a word -- and -- by the way -- you've got the job -- but you'll need a new swimsuit!"

******

Sylvie walked back along the beach -- her mind in a whirl. In her distress she hadn't bothered to dress again over her bikini but the attention from passing men was getting to her. How the fuck did Dave know so much about her? She felt like everyone was looking at her -- even the women. Well -- OK -- they all think she's a whore -- fine -- why not act like one!

As she walked into the carpark, she saw two boys in speedos next to her jeep staring hard and she recognised Jack. As she walked towards them, she saw their obvious discomfort and glancing down the reason was clear - they were both growing serious erections.

Her body and her costume were still wet and, following Tim's departure, she was up a size around her breasts and hips making her bikini even more revealing. She shivered in her newfound fantasy as a whore and the boy's lust was making her even hotter.

She was on show, and it was turning them on -- her power had returned.

She chatted with Jack to check on his work at the cottage while his friend shyly eyed her up. Jack introduced him as Mudge. He was more mature than Jack, but his face was twice as crimson as his cock continued to grow into a predatory animal straining to escape from his speedos.

Sylvie was stimulated by her proximity to young sexually active male bodies after many weeks without a man. They were slim, tanned and good looking; and had the tangy smell of sea and salt about them. She felt their eyes lock onto her bum as she bent over to remove the sunshade from the windscreen and, before saying goodbye, she dipped her chest to brush some dry sand from her legs and Mudge momentarily, without thinking, stroked his hand across his bulging prick.

It was fun being desired again after all these weeks and, as she drove home, she felt that old familiar tremor in her tummy as she imagined the two boys taking her into the woods - covering her in sweat, sand and cum - exhausting her with their young virility.

Maybe Jack and Mudge would work at the cottage for free if she allowed them to fuck her!

She burst out laughing -- what was she thinking!

Her thoughts drifted to the conversation with Dave on the platform and she began to daydream -- what would it be like to offer her body for money -- the thrill of the unknown -- the danger and daring of being bought and fucked.

She had also made another discovery: she enjoyed showing off her body. She was excited by the looks of desire on the faces of the men at the beach and the disapproval and the jealousy of her own sex, and to act the "brazen hussy" in her anonymity was such a turn-on.

She should have known better, but life was empty, and she had discovered through Tim an erotic sensibility and an addictive sexual need. She was poised, ready to dive into deeper waters, but she still stood in fear, unsure, on the edge of that dark and magical pool of her dreams.

******

The next day was even hotter and there were no visitors at the cottage, so she went nude. Applying lotion was much easier with no costume and to stay cool, she didn't even bother to dress when she prepared lunch. She slept on the giant bed in the sultry afternoon and dreamt of Tim and Jake sharing her in a languid haze of buzzing bees, sun heat and massage oil. She showered and stayed undressed through the evening, and around midnight, walked outside to cool. The air had turned humid, and a storm was coming in from the sea.

A movement in the wood at the edge of the garden attracted her attention.

She saw Jack and Mudge dive for cover and, keeping calm, pretended not to notice.

Thinking quickly, she turned and slowly walked back into the conservatory savouring the moment -imagining the desire on their faces as they saw her naked for the first time.

This was an opportunity to indulge herself and she took her vibrator from the dresser in the corner. Leaving the bi-fold doors open, she lay on the couch, opened her legs and began to fuck herself -- slowly at first and then with greater urgency. She gasped as her orgasm developed.

This was real -- not pretend.

She sensed the boys creep across the patio in the shadows and she cried out and shook as the orgasm shot through her -- she was glistening wet with her effort in the warmth and the humidity.

To be watched was just so...

After calming she put on her robe and slowly walked over to the doors to close-up for the night giving the "Peeping Toms" sufficient time to escape into the darkness.

It began to rain hard, and she could not resist shedding her robe and running out again on to the patio to cool. She raised her head and her arms to the dark sky and laughed out loud as the warm rain caressed her body, stimulating her glowing flesh with its sensuous touch.

She had found another forbidden room of erotic pleasure -- she would not forget!

******

The Indian summer of September continued and, after her first shift as a Lifeguard, she drove out to her usual beach at the back of the Cottage. In the bright afternoon sunshine, the sand was hot on the soles of her bare feet as she walked towards her usual hideaway in the dunes.

She stripped and creamed up and lay on her towel. Her skin was now a golden honey brown and, being fully relaxed in her nakedness, her first orgasm came easily.

Adding lifeguard Nick to her fantasy along with Jack and Mudge had supercharged her libido. She imagined the three of them spying on her and fucking her everywhere - simultaneously - all together - giving her no respite - hour after hour.

She ran out to the sea -- the freedom was exhilarating.

Striking out in a steady crawl she quickly cleared the white sparkling surf and swam into the gentle swell of the deeper water where she sculled and let the waves wash over her and take her where they would. Relishing her nudity, she performed several deep dives before surfing back to the shore, stroking a crawl. When she walked through the shallows to the beach, the sea water on her tanned flesh sparkled under the clear blue sky.

Surprisingly, a couple suddenly appeared, walking hand in hand, from the dunes very close to her hideaway. Usually, she only saw others at a distance along the vast beach, but it was too late to avoid contact -- they were only twenty yards away and walking directly towards her.

Both were naked and middle aged. The man had long black/grey hair in a pigtail and was wearing a silver earring. His face was black with stubble and his wiry muscular chest was covered by an elaborate multi coloured tattoo in the shape of a crouching dragon. It was also alarmingly obvious that he was, what Tim would call, well hung. The woman was statuesque, slightly taller than Sylvie, but well-built and full figured. Her skin was a freckled tan, and her luxurious mane of sandy brown hair blew across her face in the sea breeze.

As Sylvie closed with them, what grabbed her attention was the woman's pube. From the top of her vulva down she was clean shaven just like Sylvie, but above her abundant cunt lips, her bush was as lush as her hair. The startling effect was to highlight the fecundity of her sex and the sparkling gold ring piercing her labia.

Sylvie saw both their eyes drop to her exposed pube to read her own message and they both gave her a broad knowing smile as they walked on, without saying a word, towards the sea.

Sylvie lay on her towel to dry. The couple had obviously seen her in unashamed display but were not censorious or disapproving or lecherous despite the indisputable fact that a young woman would only show herself in this way as a symbol of her availability.

This excited her.

As she drifted into a doze, she shivered with desire as she re-imagined his powerful manhood and the luxuriant sex of the woman -- exposed and ringed -- a celebration and an ornament to her potency. She dreamt of the dragon standing over the woman proudly offering his erect prick -- silently waiting for permission to enter her -- and she with her eyes and hands assessing its strength and size before allowing him to mate with her and plant his seed.

******

She could hear the distant moaning of a woman as she stirred from a deep sleep. She had no idea of the time and was still lost in her imagining of the dragon. Then she heard short masculine gasps joining with the woman's hushed cries and she immediately recognised the familiar rhythm of love.

She roused herself and silently climbed up the rise above her hideaway to spy on her neighbours. At the top, Sylvie crouched low on her haunches before peeking over into the next depression in the dunes and she deliciously felt the soft hot sand on her open sticky cunt.

The man was on top of the woman who was face down. Her legs were splayed open, and he lay between them working up and down. He gripped her hard as they made love but, as Sylvie watched, the woman forcefully raised her bum upwards and they began to heave like two wild animals in heat. The lower back of the woman down to the top of her arse was covered in a large tattoo showing a butterfly with stretched wings from hip to hip. The tilt of its head seemed to point her lover directly down to her sex from behind. Her front was covered in a thin coating of fine sand, and she shook as he brought her to climax. Once she was done, he withdrew and violently threw her onto her back before roughly entering her again.

She whispered in his ear:

"Fuck me you bastard -- go on -- take me -- use me -- yes -- yes -- oh my -- you fucker -- you're soooo big - oh please please fuck me -- fuck me hard."

He joined in:

"You can't get enough -- I'll teach you -- next time I'll bring my mates and you'll lick their dicks and fuck them all afternoon -- even that wouldn't satisfy you -- would it? - WOULD IT?"

She responded frantically as he drove into her:

"I want cock -- oh my - just give me big cock -- fuuuck - lots of it -- fuuuuuuuck -- oh my -- OH MY -- yes yes yesssss..."

He kept at it:

"In your mouth?"

... she moaned.

"In your cunt?"

.... She cried out

"In your ass?"

... "Oh -- yesss yesss yesss"

With long deep thrusts he came inside her as she came all over him. With loud cries they both convulsed to extend the ecstasy just a little longer, and finally collapsed, gasping for air, on to the soft sandy bed.

There was a brief pause while they recovered and then they exchanged a tender kiss.

Their role play had finished, and love had returned.

Sylvie stealthily dropped back to her hideaway and lay on the sand, face down.

The rough talk had driven her wild.

With her right hand she bought herself quickly and silently, yet again, to another coming.

She made communion with her own kind -- the dragon and the butterfly.

******

As summer turned into early autumn Sylvie got to know Jack a little better and began to enjoy the flirting and teasing as she helped him in the garden. She would brush past him allowing her breasts, free under her linen dress, to stroke across his back; or she would touch his strong young forearms with her bare thighs as she knelt with him to arrange the bedding plants. It was great fun and watching Jack redden and begin to stutter was so funny.

The weather turned hot again -- just one last time before autumn -- and Sylvie, during a trip to Norwich, mischievously bought a tiny bright orange bra and thong bikini which comprised three small triangles of fabric with some ties which would show off her all-over tan very nicely. She wore the costume when Jack next came to the cottage, and she warmed when he stopped his work and slyly turned and gawped when he thought she was asleep on the sunbed. Upping the tension, she untied her top, keeping her breasts covered and rolled over on to her front to tan her back. In her thong it must have looked as if she was naked. He quickly stopped weeding and rushed into the wood for some self-relief before returning to his task, sheepishly red faced.

Jack's torment was plain to see, and through many long, lonely nights she would fuck herself by imagining a sweaty, dirty Jack burying her with his young, ever-ready, never-ending virility.

One morning over coffee Jack mentioned his girlfriend, Tina. Her parents were very strict and, in Jack's words, "to kiss and cuddle" they had to make do with the back of his old banger or the local cinema. Sylvie was sympathetic and before he went home that afternoon, she offered him the use of the back bedroom once a week on a Sunday. Provided they cleared up after themselves that would be fine. Jack was "over the moon" with this suggestion and offered to work an extra day as recompense.

Tina was a pretty girl with long platted blond hair and the uniform of white crop top and skinny jeans. She had that plump ripe freshness of the young and was a little shy with Sylvie, but as they chatted over a glass of wine while Jack worked in the garden at the end of their first Sunday play time, Tina loosened up. She was a delightful intelligent sexy girl with plenty to offer and Jack was lucky to have her.

The arrangement continued for several weeks until one Sunday, Sylvie saw that Tina was unhappy with Jack. He had just cancelled next weekend as a friend had offered to take him to the Grand Prix. Tina was naturally upset - she had yet to understand the behaviour of boys where sport was concerned.

To console her, Sylvie suggested that Tina spend that weekend at the cottage. It would be nice girly company - they could relax, cook a nice meal together and maybe drive out to the beach. Tina leapt at the opportunity, and all was agreed.

For Tina, Sylvie had become a glamorous "older sister" -- someone who opened doors to excitement and aspiration -- someone to follow and emulate.

******

When Tina arrived for her stay, Sylvie opened a bottle and, as they chatted over glasses of Cava, the conversation turned to men. Sylvie talked about Tim, his disappearance and her loneliness and Tina was upset that Jack preferred Lewis Hamilton to her!

As more wine was taken, the subject of sex came up and it became clear to Sylvie that Tina had yet to experience a full-on orgasm with Jack. As the older woman, Sylvie gently explored the subject, and it appeared that Tina had never masturbated. Sex had been a taboo subject in her parent's house and her education was non-existent.

After more wine and lots of giggling, Sylvie came up with an inspirational idea and immediately began to warm. Would Tina like to learn to pleasure herself by watching Sylvie? Tina giggled and prevaricated but finally gave in amid self-conscious laughter and more wine.

Sylvie stood and slipped off her dress. She had long ago stopped wearing a bra and panties and was pleased to see Tina's surprised embarrassment at her unexpected nudity and her shock when she saw Sylvie's depilated pube.

Sylvie lay a large beach towel on the conservatory floor and sat, thighs apart, facing Tina who then knelt in front of her, transfixed by her first close-up look at another woman's sex.

Sylvie spread her thighs wide and teased out the lips of her vulva to find the pleasure spot, explaining everything to Tina as she progressed. Keeping her lips apart to display the pinkness of her inner cunt, she gently massaged her clit to prominence and as Tina moved closer to better see, Sylvie tremored with her first cum.

Tina smiled in wonder.

Sylvie then demonstrated her technique: fingertip circling in 123 shapes, pulling, rolling, and gentle nipping between her purple painted fingernails.

All the time she continued to breath deep in her growing arousal as a fascinated Tina looked on.

... and now came the moment:

Sylvie reassuringly smiled before reaching for Tina's forefinger and placing it on her clit. Their eyes met in understanding and Sylvie took Tina's finger around her pleasure spot on a wonderful journey. When Tina took the initiative, Sylvie let go and massaged her own glowing breasts with both hands while looking skywards and mewing in blissful tender orgasm as she felt the touch of a woman for the first time.

******

In the dark country night, a nude Tina slipped into Sylvie's room and climbed into the warm bed beside her. She found Sylvie's hand and placed it on her own sticky cunt which had already seen much self-administered action since bedtime. Although Sylvie was still half-asleep, she found Tina's expectant clit and they spent the rest of the night entwined in gentle comings, comforting sucklings and restful sleep.

******

Saturday morning was sunny, and the women decided to sunbathe. Sylvie asked Tina if she would mind if she went nude today and Tina helped Sylvie cream up before changing into her own white lace bikini. They lay together and spent the morning chatting, reading their books, and napping. At some point in the day when Sylvie awoke from a doze, she saw that Tina had removed her costume and her pale young swelling breasts with their distended rose-pink nipples were presented to the sun for the very first time. Sylvie smiled and went back to sleep.

They watched a movie that night, sprawling on cushions in front of the fire -- both still naked. Tina slipped under Sylvie's arm and lay her head on Sylvie's thigh and Sylvie tenderly stroked her fine blond hair as Demi Moore pined after the ghost of Patrick Swayze and both girls shed a tear.

The love making lasted long into Sunday morning with each woman exploring the other with lips, tongues, fingers, hands and Sylvie's vibrator. Following their exertions, they did not wake until the sun was already covering the cottage and garden in the heat of early afternoon. They had discovered a new passion and the serene satisfaction of a loving sisterhood.

When Jack arrived at the cottage to collect Tina, she was wearing Sylvie's orange thong and nothing else apart from a shell necklace which dropped between her eager breasts already swelling in anticipation. Jack was dumbfounded and, by pre-arrangement with Tina, Sylvie suggested they both might like to take an hour in the back bedroom before going home.

As Sylvie paused outside the closed door of the love-nest, the sounds within told their own story.

*******

AUTUMN:

Sylvie needed money now and Tim was still missing. The Lifeguard job was finishing at the end of the season, and she had spent her way through Jake's second loan -- this couldn't go on.

She scanned the job ads at the village Post Office and spotted a vacancy for a Photographer's Assistant at a local farm on the other side of Old Wood. Hours were flexible and the pay was good.

She made the phone-call and drove over for an interview.

She was in for a big surprise.

As she walked into the studio, she saw a man and a woman facing away from her looking at some prints on a display panel. When they turned to greet her, she saw, with amazement, the couple she had watched in the dunes that hot passionate afternoon -- the dragon and the butterfly.

Sylvie was relieved when there was no sign of recognition on their part, and they introduced themselves as Ray and Lyn. They seemed friendly and over a coffee, Sylvie was briefed regarding the job.

Ray specialised in photography, painting, and sculpture while Lyn made beautiful jewellery which she either sold at local craft fairs or sent to an agent in London for distribution. She also specialised in natural medications produced from herbs and wildflowers growing on the farm. These were sold by a friend on a market stall in Norwich.

Ray needed an assistant when he took on an urgent job, but the hours would be irregular. On a rush job Sylvie might need to work overnight and there was attached guest accommodation at the farm to grab some rest when time allowed.

Sylvie was keen -- it sounded exciting and different -- and after a few routine questions from Ray she was offered the job which she eagerly accepted.

******

Ray and Lyn instantly recognised Sylvie as the spectacularly naked woman they had met by chance on the beach. When she spied on them making love in the dunes, it made them insatiable and watching her fuck herself afterwards was amazing. She was undoubtedly the woman who had become the talk of the village at the "Swan" and the "Jolly Sailors".

There had been much salacious village gossip about the "goings on" at Old Wood Cottage and the rumours of sex and scandal were rife. The young village set were full of stories about the young woman and her "ways" and Jack, Nick and Mudge fuelled the local male fantasy of the beautiful, exotic, frustrated temptress, thwarted in love, and desperate for a good "shag".

Lyn and Ray were intrigued and wished to know her better.

Following that first meeting on the beach, Ray saw the signs in Lyn. As far as he knew she had not wanted another woman since Roxanne, a model from London he had used last year for a nude assignment. Lyn was pining, tearful, and impossible until that relationship had been consummated and although she had enjoyed several man friends since that affair, there had been no other woman until now. Ray was sure that Lyn would not allow him into her bed until she had fucked the beach girl.

When Sylvie appeared at the studio Lyn told Ray that her pagan gods had delivered her up to them. Lyn was a practicing witch, white or black depending on her mood, and Ray suspected that her small coven had sacrificed a fowl in Old Wood as an offering in return for the giving of Sylvie.

Being a believer in the old ways of the country he would never cross the wood deities and he was certain that Sylvie would be taken by Lyn, the coven and himself, as surely as the sun rose above the barn every morning.

They encouraged Sylvie in the studio and then slowly, very slowly, gained her trust and friendship. As their desire for her grew, they developed a strategy and, when the time was right, they would snare her like a bushy tailed young doe in a trap.

******

As summer turned to autumn Sylvie forgot her problems and enthusiastically entered the world of Ray and Lyn which offered friendship and novelty as well as money.

The farm was built around a central courtyard and Ray had converted a small barn into a well-lit, warm, and comfortable studio. His specialism was "Fine Art" photography, and the male and female models who posed for him were regular visitors to the farm. The shoots could be for fashion magazines or comic strips, but his speciality was in "Sci Fi" and "Fantasy" where he would photograph life models and, with computer generated artwork, convert the images into illustrations or story boards for books, magazines and websites.

Sylvie quickly acclimatised to the frequent routine nudity in all its suggestive beauty, and she enjoyed learning the science of photography and the structure of a shoot from Ray. She was also fascinated by the lives of Ray's regular models as they chatted over daytime coffee or evening wine.

Ray's boys and girls were hired through an agency and most travelled up from London for the shoot, staying overnight in the guest suite at the back of the studio. Sylvie would always collect them from Norwich station while Ray was setting up and then drop them off once the shoot was over.

For Sylvie, this was all very exciting and deliciously stimulating for her fantasy life - she was still without her two men and the vibrator was put to good use most evenings.

What would it be like to model nude for Ray?

That feeling warmed her through the cold autumn nights.

******

When Lyn suggested to Sylvie, they take a day off to shop and lunch in Norwich, she was delighted. She had worked hard in her first month in the studio and had grown close to Lyn; relishing the promise of female friendship and perhaps sensing something more. She also liked Ray with his cheeky sense of humour, kind consideration and easy manner and she often re-imagined that day on the beach when she saw up close Ray's potency and Lyn's luscious femininity.

It was over a delicious fresh crab salad and a bottle of Muscadet in a little fish restaurant just off the Market that Lyn lowered her voice and subtly turned the conversation to more intimate matters:

"Honey, you know that we love having you in the studio, and we are so grateful that you chose to work with us, but I would like to ask a favour of you, and I don't want you to be shocked or upset. That would be awful!"

Sylvie was re-assuring regarding any potential "shock" and Lyn continued:

"You first need to understand that Ray and I have what you might call an open marriage -- I take lovers, and so does he and you might have already guessed that I like women as well as men. Does that surprise you?"

Sylvie shook her head. This was no shock - she had seen the way Lyn looked at her in the Studio with a strange hunger in her eyes - but to suddenly see her anew as a potential lover sent shivers down Sylvie's spine.

Lyn began to whisper in the crowded cafe:

"My lovely baby - I hoped you would understand because we have a shoot coming up which will be more explicit than normal, and we would like you to help in the set-up and the operation.

Ray has taken on a specialist project for a discrete wealthy male client where both crew and models will be paid a premium rate due to the extreme nature of the content. The shoot will cover both stills and video and Ray and I, along with Jade, one of our regulars, will model and perform in a short movie.

The theme is "Cats". Ray's client loves the show but wants some nice shots and videos of extremely naughty female cats revealing a little more, shall we say, than one would normally expect to see in the West End.

Look -- I'll say it straight out -- the three of us will all be fucking each-other."

She sat back with a broad smile:

"Wow -- did I really say that!!"

Sylvie inhaled deeply, her heart pounding, as Lyn began to whisper again:

"Now lovey -- listen carefully and please please please do not be offended -- promise?"

Sylvie forced an embarrassed smile and took another large sip of wine.

"We know you were the naughty naked girl we saw on the beach last summer and we know you watched us make love. We also watched you touch yourself afterwards which was awesome.

We know about your two men -- lucky girl - and we know about your performance at the cottage for Jack and Mudge -- wow -- wow -- wow. The "Jolly Sailors" was full of it -- it was a pity Mudge couldn't keep his mouth shut!

We also know about your "education" of Tina -- I was so envious! You must tell all, on the way home!

... and finally, we know about your exhibition at the Lifeguard interview -- Dave is a very good friend of Ray and as for Nick... well you can guess!"

Sylvie's face was crimson, but Lyn was quick to counter:

"Lovey -- please - don't be embarrassed - you are a very brave, very beautiful and very sexy girl and we love you all the more for your "adventures".

Sylvie's mouth was dry and without thinking she helped herself to more wine and drained the whole glass in one gulp as Lyn continued:

"Now honey - we want to offer you an opportunity -- if you wish to take it."

Lyn reached across for Sylvie's hand and stroked it.

"If you want to join with us to make love in front of the cameras on the "Cats" shoot then we would be absolutely thrilled -- we both love you no end and the thought of it just sends me to heaven.

Look -- there is no pressure -- we anticipate the shoot going through the night and, in any case, we want you there to help set-up. Needless to say -- if you went all the way with us, your earnings would sky-rocket.

Think it through and if at some point in the shoot, you want to participate then just say the word and it will be done.

Good -- all said -- all finished."

A wicked glint spread across Lyn's face:

"We'll order another bottle and then go shop some more -- I'll buy you that naughty red low-cut mini in the little boutique in the Lanes to get us all in the mood!"

******

As Sylvie drove to the farm in the cooling night air, she felt again that acute anticipation first experienced in the bedroom at the cottage before the Gift giving. The countryside at night with sweet scents of hay and sedge was soft and magical and appeared to Sylvie to hold the promise of something exotically strange and deliciously stimulating. She was ready for this next step. She had waited for Tim long enough and it was time to continue her quest and enjoy her new-found freedom.

She had slipped on her short white linen dress with flat sandals for driving and a silver necklace Tim had given her as a present from Vietnam. She wore no underwear.

She pulled into the farm and parked in the dark behind the studio. The night was heavy with humidity and there was fork lightning on the horizon. Large warm raindrops began to fall on her head and shoulders.

She walked through the open doors of the studio and saw Ray and two men rolling out a huge soft green rubber mat, like a large carpet, on to the studio floor. Ray introduced them as Tommy and Mick who were looking after cameras, sound and lighting through the shoot. They seemed matey and professional, and she began to help by setting up the lights under Tommy's direction.

Sylvie noticed that the mat had been cut to surround an iron post which served as a support for the studio roof. This had been freshly painted in a blood crimson colour and Sylvie saw that two silver chains were attached to rings in the post about a foot from the ground. Tall dark scenic boards had been placed behind the post to hide the background and create an enclosed "set" where the action would take place.

She was tense with excitement and sweating under the lights in the oppressive expectant atmosphere of the studio. The doors had been shut and rain was pouring in torrents in the courtyard.

******

When Sylvie slipped off her sandals to walk on the mat Ray saw the silhouette of her full golden body through her dress as she passed in front of the lights. He knew by the movement of her breasts as she stooped to adjust the lamps that she was naked beneath and his prick began to wet as he remembered her display at the beach. He needed to concentrate hard to avoid a serious erection which would frighten her prematurely before Lyn's potions worked their magic.

Lyn was expert in taking plants or roots from the nearby marshes, woods or her herb garden and adding secret ingredients from the East to create cordials which could be taken to deepen and extend sexual desire. The formulations varied -- male to female -- but the effect was the same. Ray and Lyn used them regularly themselves and would often medicate their models in the Studio to achieve a more intense naturalistic performance. He knew Lyn would already have Sylvie's "prescription" prepared and he shuddered in anticipation.

They were all set -- Tommy would handle the "video" and Mick would take the "stills" and he paused to re-assure Sylvie that Jade was resting in the guest apartment -- it would be a long rest!!

It was time for Sylvie to go fetch Lyn.

******

Lyn was freshly showered and sitting in the bathroom of the suite, in a pink robe, blow drying her long chestnut brown hair into a wild mane which cascaded over her freckled face and covered her broad shoulders. She turned as Sylvie entered and rose to kiss her on both cheeks. Both women felt the soft breasts of the other as they embraced.

Lyn asked Sylvie to open a black box, and inside was a beautifully crafted half mask of a cat's face in fine tight clinging rubber, textured to represent fur in shades of brown and white to match Lyn's colouring. Lyn lifted the back of her hair with both hands and Sylvie fastened the mask behind her head. Lyn then let her hair drop to fully disguise herself. There were slits for both eyes and Lyn artfully blended her exposed nose and lower face with brown and grey make-up to match the texture and colour of the mask. Finally, she coloured her lips a light pink and the transformation was complete.

They both walked out to the studio.

*******

It was extremely hot and close, and Ray had stripped to his shorts revealing his sun browned sweat shining wiry torso. For a middle-aged guy, he was in excellent shape and Sylvie's eyes were inevitably drawn to the dragon tattoo which seemed to stare directly at her like a predator sighting its prey.

Lyn went to the small kitchen and returned carrying an ornate silver tray with three richly decorated ancient glass goblets filled with a rich ruby red damson wine which Lyn made from fresh fruit picked on the farm. While Ray toasted the success of the shoot, Sylvie thought it odd that Lyn murmured a short incantation as she took the goblet to her lips. The wine was strongly flavoured with a bitter taste which Sylvie did not recognise. Strangely, Lyn insisted Sylvie drain her goblet and she took a deep breath and drank it down.

******

It was time.

Ray asked that Lyn get into character. He wanted her to adopt a feline movement in her posing and, for the first phase of the shoot, he would direct her.

Lyn walked brazenly up to Ray and turned her back on him to stare at Sylvie with mischief in her eyes. She undid her robe without taking her eyes from her and Ray lifted it from her shoulders, leaving her naked apart from the mask. Both Ray and Lyn looked intently at Sylvie to see her reaction.

******

She was a magnificent woman.

Sylvie gazed on Lyn's breasts -- heavy, plump and fertile -- and the areola surrounding her brown nipples were enormous. Although her waist, legs and arms were thickening, her proportions were perfect and with her broad hips and rounded firm bum she was a fertile mother cat on the prowl for a mate. Her skin, a light brown with pale freckles, served to enhance the effect. Sylvie recognised, as Lyn parted her legs, the golden ring in her shaven cunt, so provocatively exposed below her luxurious bush.

Lyn took Sylvie's hand and walked her on to the set. They stood for a moment holding hands facing each-other as Lyn's animal eyes stared in undisguised yearning. Sylvie felt a strange desire - she wanted to be taken by this creature but was uncertain - holding back - not ready to commit.

Lyn let Sylvie withdraw and Ray began to shoot. He wanted Lyn on her back, and she began to pose.

She was a practiced performer. She lay out her arms in a crucifix position raising and spreading her legs before turning on to her tummy to show her smooth rounded bum to the camera. She moved to her knees, thighs apart, proudly exhibiting her ornamented freshly flowering vulva lips before dropping onto all fours to display from behind the full glory of her pierced labia, pink perineum and the black "O" of her anus which a fascinated Sylvie saw was already dilating. Her quivering heavy breasts hung below with their fulsome nipples swollen and proud in her growing passion.

All the while Lyn maintained eye contact with Sylvie -- mesmerising -- desiring -- provoking:

"Look at my body"

"You know you want me"

"Perform with me"

"Touch my flesh"

"Let me fuck you"

Sylvie was tortured by her growing desire and her hesitancy as the first shoot came to an end.

******

After a short break, Ray produced a golden collar and buckled it around Lyn's throat. The collar was ringed, and Sylvie was asked to lead Lyn across the mat to the red post and lock the ring to one of the silver chains. Lyn dropped to her hands and knees to allow the chain to be attached and Ray began to shoot again as Lyn pretended to fight against the restraining chain. She set her legs open, and Ray shot her from behind as she aggressively thrust in Sylvie's direction to show off her arousal.

Sylvie's mind was whirling. She saw the second chain and imagined the thrill of being captive with Lyn, making dirty sweaty naked woman love as the men looked on:

"Hungry"

"Insatiable"

"Sinful"

Sylvie felt her first tremor and she hadn't even touched herself!

******

After the second shoot, Ray asked Sylvie to shorten Lyn's chain to force her to kneel at the post. As Sylvie knelt to re-attach the chain, Lyn first attempted to claw at her before whimpering and nestling on her lap to be stroked. Lyn was wet with her exertions.

Sylvie instinctively petted her, and Lyn raised herself and tenderly kissed Sylvie on the lips.

Her resistance was finally broken and both women passionately explored each-other's faces with lips and tongues as Ray silently gestured to the boys to keep shooting.

Sylvie could no longer help herself -- she was ready to perform and turned to Ray with a wild imploring look in her eye.

Lyn's gods had worked their magic. The coven's sacrifice had been accepted.

******

Leaving Lyn curled up on the set, Ray took Sylvie into the suite where she stripped off and stood defiantly before him to signify her willingness. He wanted to take her then but knew it would be sweeter if he fucked her, in character, with Lyn.

He reacquainted himself with her body. The dark halos around each nipple enhanced the swelling heaviness of her breasts just like his African models. Her narrow waist and broad hips -- her soft tummy -- her beautiful legs -- her brown skin -- gorgeous -- and her depilation gave her a captivating virgin look of innocence. Finally, his practiced eye saw a shine of moisture at the pink mouth of her cunt as she bloomed under his gaze.

He told her to sit and, after deciding on her colouring, took a black and white rubber cat mask from the box and fastened it behind her head. He arranged her black hair around the mask and applied black and grey make-up to her lower face and her favourite mauve lippy to match her nails.

Finally, he selected a silver collar and carefully buckled it around her throat.

She gasped under the restraint and shamelessly spread her thighs to expose her arousal.

Sylvie was now a cat just like Lyn.

******

Lyn stirred to observe the "rival" approach the post and as Sylvie knelt to allow Ray to attach the second chain to her silver collar, Lyn, in character, arched and crouched and stared hard at the new she-cat.

Lyn hissed and Sylvie, taking her cue, did the same. There was no escape from claws, paws or mouths as, crouching on all fours, they looked for an opportunity to strike. They were on heat and would fight to establish dominance.

Without warning Lyn pounced, throwing Sylvie on to her back and kneeling over her. She held both Sylvie's arms tight under her knees and began to pull her hair and scratch her exposed breasts. Spectacularly, she reached behind to savagely grab Sylvie's wet cunt in her strong fingers.

Sylvie was in shock as consecutive cums shocked through her. The pain, the aggression and Lyn's dominance was out of her experience. She kicked her legs and struggled but it was hopeless -- Lyn was too strong.

Tiring, she whimpered in submission and relaxed her body under Lyn's strong grip and Lyn, smiling in victory, played the tips of her falling breasts lightly across Sylvie's face.

Sylvie found a nipple and began to suck, bite, and tease. She felt Lyn spasm and turned her attentions to the other offered breast.

As her arousal deepened, Lyn became more aggressive, violently working Sylvie by plunging her fingers deep into her liquid cunt. Sylvie cried out in shock, but Lyn restrained her with one arm across her neck and continued to penetrate deeper with her free hand. As the pressure inside her increased, Sylvie's cries of pain turned to desperate screams of pleasure -- pleading -- urging Lyn to go further.

When Sylvie quietened, Lyn knelt over her face to offer her cunt to Sylvie's mouth. Sylvie explored the open distended fulsome lips with her tongue and skilfully manipulated the gold ring to draw gasps of pleasure from Lyn. Finally, she moved deeper to stimulate Lyn's clit with her teeth and lips until, with loud animal screams echoing around the Studio, Lyn came in a gargantuan rush, covering Sylvie's face and breasts with her juices.

Lyn rose to release Sylvie and stared impassively down at the limp, wet, exhausted, conquered body with the black cat face and the open panting purple mouth.

******

A jar of warm, honey sweet, oil had been placed close to the post and Lyn scooped up a handful and began to tenderly massage Sylvie with the lubricating liquid. Sylvie's golden skin began to shine, and she lay back and spread her legs to open her body to the gentle touch. Lyn's healing fingers moved on from Sylvie's breasts and penetrated her everywhere to sooth away the aggression of the conquest.

Once Sylvie was calmed Lyn lifted her to her knees and, standing behind her, gently rubbed the oil into her lush black hair to make it shine and hang over her shoulders like fine strips of polished black leather. Her primacy established; she was a mother-cat tending her young protégé -- preparing her for further exertions -- readying her for the touch of a male.

******

Lyn knelt and gently lifted Sylvie to her feet. Ray was behind her and released the women's chains. They removed their masks and all three embraced in loving affection. Tommy and Mick had disappeared, and after tender moments, Ray went to shower and left the women together.

Lyn gently probed Sylvie's condition:

"Honey, you did just fine -- did you enjoy it?"

Sylvie blushed and dropped her eyes and Lyn kissed her forehead. Her reaction told all.

"Now baby, we need to go harder for the second half -- you understand, don't you?"

Sylvie looked away and nodded. She was frightened by this disclosure but also intensely excited -- she was not ready to stop -- not yet.

"If you finish now, you can go and shower and help Tommy and Mick but before you decide, let me tell you what's next."

Sylvie's eyes dropped to the floor and Lyn reached out her hands to gently caress Sylvie's oil shining breasts:

"Oh - honey honey honey you are so fuckable.

Ok, to business. You will become the focus of the two cats - the male and the female. You will be chained, and Ray will fuck you. He will be forceful, but you will not be hurt -- really. There will be some slapping, deliciously painful for you but soon over. We would then like to finish with some anal."

Sylvie continued to tremor under Lyn's stimulation -- verbal and physical -- and when Lyn asked for her decision, Sylvie smiled and took Lyn's hand under hers and placed it at the entrance to her re-energised cunt. She didn't need to speak.

More goblets of wine were consumed before the two women re-fitted each-other's masks and Ray chained them again to the crimson pole.

Mick and Tommy's re-appearance caused a captive, oiled and nude Sylvie to temporarily blush up in embarrassment at her shameful predicament, but Lyn playfully clawed and snarled at her, and in character, she was ready to go again.

******

Both women's bodies were covered in a delicious blend of sweat and honey oil as they lay together in their feline bliss. Lyn lazily stroked Sylvie's hair but stopped suddenly in astonishment as Ray appeared naked wearing a cat mask with his prick frighteningly erect.

First, he grabbed Lyn's chain, pulling her to the post and shortening the slack to restrain her tight. She struggled and hissed but his strength was too much for her.

With no hesitation or any thought of foreplay he then grabbed Sylvie's chain before pushing her on to her back, forcing open her legs, and driving deep into her. Sylvie gasped in surprise but was soon using her pelvis to aggressively thrust against the iron prick pulsating inside her and force a cum in a cacophony of colours and noise. Lyn screamed as Ray withdrew and leaving Sylvie in shock, he pulled on Lyn's chain, forcing her head down and her arse up. Kneeling, he violently penetrated her from behind and pumped until she came with deep throated mews of pleasure.

Leaving her, he came again to Sylvie, placed her on all fours, ran his prick around her anus and then drove into her cunt again. Copying Lyn, she screamed obscenities at him, and his ardour forced her into another overwhelming never-ending orgasm.

He was ready to fire and when Sylvie finished her cum, he withdrew to ejaculate creamy liquid over her presented face and breasts. She had never seen so much man juice -- it tasted salty.

******

Ray walked off the set and a kneeling Lyn began to grab handfuls of vanilla ice cream from a bucket which had miraculously appeared next to the red pole.

Her face grinned from ear to ear as she plastered her chest with semi-molten ice cream, and it was soon slipping down over her breasts and falling in rivulets from her swollen nipples over her tummy and down to her pube. She began to force great gobs of ice cream between her breasts and into her cunt and cried out in pleasure as the ice cold briefly hit before becoming molten with her heat.

Licking her fingers, she beckoned to Sylvie who crawled over to her.

Lyn began to cover Sylvie and soon the two women were playfully wrestling on the floor with hands and fingers everywhere. In each other's cunts -- in each other's mouths -- in each other's rectums - stuffing ice cream into every orifice as their giggling laughter echoed around the studio.

The liquid ice cream on their flesh became molten under the lights and their shining bodies slid around on the rubber mat giving their movement a gloriously arousing unpredictability with legs and arms everywhere and liquid breasts sliding, bouncing and squeezing.

Finally at Lyn's prompting they began to lick each-other clean -- everywhere -- and their desire became more urgent as Sylvie's libido was rejuvenated for the climactic shoot of the evening.

******

Ray lifted Sylvie to her feet and fitted a pair of cuffs to her wrists. In seconds a rope was passed between the cuffs and her arms were pulled over her head. She was forced to bend double to stabilise herself with her arms stretched taut in front of her.

Lyn was free and began to talk:

"Well honey, you are a naughty girl, aren't you?

You know what happens to naughty girls?"

Sylvie anticipating her punishment whispered words which came suddenly to her, articulating a feeling long consigned to the dark corners of her sub-conscious:

"Yes... Mummy -- they should be spanked -- will you spank me Mummy -- will you -- oh please..."

Lyn slapped her bum cheeks hard, and Sylvie squealed.

"That's right you little whore - they get SPANKED -- just like this."

Another slap...

and another...

and another...

Sylvie's tears began to flow, and her body shook violently as a razor-sharp orgasm shocked through her.

Lyn seeing her cum, plunged her fingers deep into Sylvie's cunt and stunningly, she lost control, squirting juice in all directions.

Ray took over and tenderly caressed her reddening arse before using a lubricated dildo to tease open her rectum:

"Wicked girls deserve to be fucked in the arse don't they Sylvie?"

Sylvie moaned under her breath whispering words long suppressed:

"Yes Daddy -- oh Daddy -- they do Daddy -- oh yes -- yes they do."

Ray removed the dildo and ran his fingers through her sphincter:

"You want to be fucked everywhere don't you Sylvie -- all that innocence -- fuck -- you're insatiable -- you just can't get enough -- say it -- you love cock in your cunt -- you love cock in your arse -- say it -- SAY IT."

Ray slapped her hard across the buttocks.

Sylvie was gone but she managed to moan as she gasped for breath:

"cock in my cunt -- cock in my arse -- cock in my cunt -- cock in my arse..."

Ray placed his prick at her anus and eased himself in, while Lyn continued to slap Sylvie's cunt to make her deluge cum again on to the mat below in a mess of screaming and obscenities. In her exhausted state, Sylvie aggressively twisted and contorted her body to extend the release and it all came out:

"Oh Mummy -- Mummy -- please forgive...

Fuck me -- fuck me Daddy -- oh God...

Mummy I can't help it...

It's not my fault...

Slap me Mummy..."

Sylvie was begging but her voice was failing:

"Don't stop -- please don't stop -- oh please don't stop..."

With a nod from Lyn, Ray entered her cunt for one last series of powerful thrusts, forcing a final gasping -- rasping -- used-up cry from Sylvie, and he came inside her screaming.

******

Sylvie showered and, after easing her sore and aching body with the soothing balm supplied by Lyn, she took an early breakfast in the guest suite. Lyn had thoughtfully provided croissants and home-made strawberry jam from the farm, and the fresh aroma from the steaming Italian coffee maker filled the little kitchen.

Through the open window, Sylvie could see the pale-yellow sun already rising through the mist into the translucent sky of early morning. The storm had passed, and all was calm.

With her senses keened after the night's adventures, she slipped on her dress and walked out to the studio to find her sandals. The sunlight gave the studio a very different aspect to the colours of the night but the red post with the two silver chains brought back memories which were barely believable.

She continued into the courtyard and passing through a gate in the hedge, found the footpath which led uphill to the large coppice in Old Wood which surrounded a secluded mere fed by a clear spring.

She reflected on her new relationship with Lyn and Ray following the night of the cats.

Yes -- they truly were her new "Mummy" and "Daddy", and this gave her comfort.

She was dimly aware that some event in her past had made her use these words, but the meaning still escaped her.

Walking through the soft grass under the trees she saw the mere ahead with the warming sun sparkling on its placid surface. Several geese who had been lazily feeding on the water flew away over the trees at her approach leaving crystal droplets in their wake.

A platform floated in the middle of the mere, and she removed her dress and sandals and swam briskly out to the wooden island. Lifting herself on to the smooth planking her naked body was purified by the cleansing water and the cool autumn morning air. She dived again and, taking a deep breath, swam down until she could see sharp rocks on the bed below. She daringly continued her dive into the rock cluster but, sensing her danger, pulled upwards and, breaking the surface, took deep draughts of air into her lungs before swimming back to the shore.

She dressed and, after walking back to the studio, collapsed on to the bed and slept soundly until late afternoon.

******

Lyn was baking in the kitchen when Sylvie appeared at the farmhouse. Lyn was unsure if Sylvie would reject her friendship following the night of the cats but there was no need to worry. For Sylvie, the bond between them was strengthened following their consummation -- she had found a loving family who would nurture and take care of her and provide the excitement she craved. Both women tenderly embraced, and Sylvie felt a tear on her cheek.

As Ray came in from the studio, Sylvie rushed to him, burying herself in his arms, recognising the invisible, erotic, loving web of shared adventure binding them all together.

Lyn offered to wash her dress and offered her some jeans and a white blouse and Sylvie stripped off without thinking as if it were natural to display her body to her new family. Ray and Lyn exchanged a knowing smile and admired her beauty afresh.

After dinner and two bottles of Lyn's raspberry wine, they relaxed with a movie - snuggled up together on the sofa - as night darkened around the farmhouse.

When tiredness overtook them, they shared one bed for the first time, and all was cosy loving bliss.

******
