The boys, both of your boys, are sitting by the fire, shoulders barely brushing, drinking beer and swapping dreams of Pro-football careers and hunting ranches. You meet each other's eyes over the sparks shooting up into the sky and tilt your head toward the lake. Her chin tilts up in recognition and you know she'll meet you there; as soon as she can get away without it being obvious.

You wait by the shore and when she comes to stand beside you, pink flip-flops in her hand, you glance over your shoulder, up the hill to make sure your boys aren't paying any attention. They aren't – all wrapped up in each other, oblivious to the both of you- but that suits you fine, just fine.

You don't have to speak, just smile a little as she pulls you close, brings her sweet strawberry glossed lips to yours. You sigh into the kiss, pull her hair free of its pony tail, and wrap it around your hands. You've thought about growing yours out as long - you could be matched sets, one blonde, one brunette – but that's too cutesy for you, you're embarrassed you even thought of it.

She pulls back with a little sigh and traces your nipples with her fingers, she mouths at one over your tank top staining it with her gloss until you push her away with a whispered "no evidence." She pulls and tugs until the shirt is over your head and tosses it aside. You both kneel on the ground, then you push her shirt up, over her breasts and suck them one after the other into your mouth. She's always so soft and yielding under your tongue, not like Tim or any other boy.

No, Lyla's nothing like a boy at all. She's as un-boy-like as anything you can imagine. Her fingers pinch and squeeze your nipples and her breast muffles your groan. If the boys hear something and notice you're both gone, they'll have to check it out. If they find you, it's over. You know there's no way Lyla Garrity would even bring you home to dinner, never mind admitting to this. So you take these stolen moments, when your boys are too into each other to notice, and take advantage.

As Lyla's fingers find their way up your skirt and around your panties to slip inside, you think maybe she's the one taking advantage. She already has a daddy who loves her, the best boyfriend in town, and a future outside of Dillon – why should she get to have her pie and eat it too?

She gasps as you tug her nipple with your teeth, harder than you usually do. "No evidence." She reminds you and you'd be pissed if she wasn't sliding a third finger inside and rubbing your clit with the palm of her hand. The both of you always wear skirts on nights like these, easy access, no awkward rush to get dressed if you hear the boys heading your way. Her thighs are smooth as silk and you'd be shocked to find that she's not wearing any panties, if it had been the first time. Does Jason know? Has he already had his fingers, tongue, cock (maybe all three) inside her tonight? Thinking about it brings you off.

Lyla smothers your moan with a kiss, tongue teasing yours. You pull away and watch with wide-eyes as she brings her finger to her mouth and sucks. She's such a dirty tease. You like to think you had something to do with that. She slides a second beside the first and makes a slurping sound – it makes you shiver. You push her skirt up to her waist and bury your face between her legs.

Always a perfect Brazilian. You've never asked if she shaves or if her Daddy's money pays for it. You like to think it's for your benefit, but you know better. She smells clean and pure as though she's been waiting for you all night. You're a little disappointed about that, sure she'd been able to taste Tim on you, but that's okay. The four of you are going to be camping all night and there'll be time for a taste of Jason later.

You've got three fingers inside her and sucking on her clit when you hear Tim call your name. Lyla clamps both hands over her mouth as she comes and you scramble for your tank top and use it to wipe the evidence from your face. You've both got your clothes arranged and are sitting casually, looking out toward the lake when he stumbles down the hill.

"There you two are. What've you been doing?"

"Star gazing." Lyla says innocent as you please. You envy that. You know your cheeks are red and your eyes are too bright, but Tim's too drunk to notice. He plops down beside you and pulls you in for a kiss. It lasts longer than you expect, long enough that the taste of Lyla disappears from your tongue and Jason wanders down to find all of you and sits down behind Lyla wrapping her up in his arms.

Tim finally pulls away and you can't stop the whimper that escapes, even though you tried. He whispers in your ear, "Star gazing?" He looks over at Lyla pointedly and licks his lips. "Is that what y'all are calling it?"