Deskirted at School
I was deskirted at a school a few weeks ago. It was after classes in the outdoor walkway where everyone waits to get picked up. I was wearing a knit skirt that buttoned on the side. I drive to school (my Mom’s car) but I waited around after classes for this one boy that I really like. So I was talking with him and some of his friends when all of a sudden three girls came up behind me. One of them pushed me and said this was the 3rd time she had seen me flirting with her boyfriend. She said she girls who try to steal other girl’s boyfriends deserve a good ass kicking. I didn’t even know he had a girlfriend so I turned around and shoved her back. She tried to swing at me so I put my hands up to protect my self and that’s when one of her friends grabbed my skirt from behind and lifted it to my chest! I was wearing a tiny thong that day because I didn’t want the skirt to bunch up underneath and show panty lines. Everyone started laughing at the sight of my bare butt as I fought to try to get my sirkt back down. Every time I tried to spin around to knock her hands away she’d just spin around too so she could always stay behind me. I could have died right there for wearing this thong on this day because it was so skimpy in back it probably looked like I was naked from behind. The girl who started it grabbed my hair and pulled me down. She started swinging me around with my skirt up around my tummy still. Her friend grabbed the waist of my skirt and pulled it so hard the all the buttons tore off and my skirt came flying off! Now with no skirt on at all, the girl I was fighting got me into a head lock so I could not get away. What a sight it must have been for everyone watching this seeing me with my skirt torn off wrestling around in only a thong all bent over with only a thin strip riding up my backside. The girl tried to punch me in the face but her blow missed the target thankfully and hit my head instead. My hair was in my face and flying everywhere so I could not see much apart from the ground in my position. Fearing she’d try hitting me in the face again I kicked her in the shin very hard causing her to buckle and loosen her grip just long enough for me to wiggle out of her head lock. She yelped out loud in pain and that’s when her 2 friends came up behind. One of them shoved me forward very hard, as the other grabbed the waist of my thong and pulled in down all the way to my thighs! I grabbed it trying to pull it back up hearing a lot of the kids who had gathered around explode in shock and laughter at seeing my bare front and backside exposed. I struggled to pull my thong back up but all 3 girls reached in front all sides and basically torn my thong to shreds leaving me completely naked from the waist down. I could have died of horror and embarrassment at that moment being left stripped half naked in front of a whole group of school kids and they boy I liked so much. Cowering bottomless covering my front and back with my hands I panicked, grabbed my purse and took off running towards my car not knowing what else to do. The girl who started the fight grabbed the back of my shirt attempting to rip it off too but I managed to break lose running bottomless and humiliated past a dozen kids and through the parking lot to my car. No one followed me, and the boy I liked yanked his girl friend back from chasing after me demanding she stop immediately. I heard them arguing but all I could think of was getting into my car and getting out of there. I drove home bottomless and sobbing. I was so embarrassed that I could not get my self to go back to school for 2 days after. Even after I did I had to endure odd looks, whispering, and a lot of consolation and embarrassing questions from those I considered my friends. It was the talk of the school for the rest of the year. In the long run I did wind up dating the boy I had a crush on after he broke up with that bitch who fought with me. 
Saturday, October 27th 2007 - 12:14:29 PM
 