Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)

Title: The freshman's vacation

Part: Chapter 1.

Summary: During a long ride a freshman met a marine-boy and fell in love with him but she couldn't imagine what was coming.

Keywords: MF, vaginal, oral, teens, rough sex

Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com is for your comments.

***

Chapter one.

  Her sophomore year at college had finally ended and the exams were successfully passed. It meant that the girl had to go to her home town for the break. Jane was a poor girl and her parents would be happy to hear that she was a star student.

  During the first year of studying the girl obtained some bad habits, including smoking weeds and drinking alcohol. She couldn't imagine how she would be living for the break without it. 

  A long trip home was ahead and Jane decided to smoke a cigarette in a tambour before entering the carriage. The girl dragged on a cigarette and looked out the train's slam door. She felt very sad, she liked the metropolis full of fun and she didn't want to go to the native town full of bore. On top of that, the girl didn't like the idea of travelling alone. It could be dangerous, especially when drunk guys were around.
  
  Jane was brooding and didn't notice she wasn't alone there. She could feel somebody's presence there, but she was afraid to turn around. Even one wrong glance could be misunderstood. The girl could feel somebody's eyes sliding up and down her body.

  Jane was a beautiful 19 years old college girl. She was tall and slim. Her brown shoulder-length hair framed her angel's face. It was hot outside and the girl's clothes were light: her red tank top was short enough to show her nice belly-button and her black miniskirt left little for imagination.

  The girl pulled herself together and turned around to see who had been burning hole in her body. She was sure that there was some old bastard or some loser. As soon as she had seen him, she understood that she was wrong. 

 There was an older guy about 25, he looked like a real marine. He was tall, tanned and well-built, some army tattoos were seen on his forearms. His head was clean-shaven and the guy was smiling at her.

  Jane stared at his muscled body and couldn't take her eyes off him. The only article of clothing he wore was tight jeans. The girl was busy studying so much time that she hadn't dated at all for a long time.

  The guy acted self-confident and he was the one who struck up a conversation, "Hi."

  "Hi," replied the girl.

  Jane was relieved that the guy was nice, although a little bossy. He acted like they were old friends. The guy saw that she relaxed and leant back against the wall. He could see how playful she was. He walked her around, just in front of her face.

  "My name is Mike. What's yours?" the guy asked in a good manner.

  Jane liked him and she wanted to flirt. "I'm Jane..."

  The girl was so happy to be in a good company and she wanted to thank him. The guy was an army boy and Jane decided to tease him a bit, just to make his ride juice. But she didn't expected that she would be interrupted in the middle of the answer. As the girl replied what her name was, Mike just planted a kisson her lips.

  It was so surprising that Jane didn't think of resisting it. The soft kiss felt so good that she didn't intend to stop him. The girl felt her pussy tingling and she could do nothing with it.

  Mike was a smart guy and knew that the girl was enjoying. He could kiss her more. The guy rested his hands on the train wall and slowly drove his tongue into her wet mouth. There was no obstacle again.

  Jane was having her time and being with an older guy excited her so much. She put her hand with a smoking cigarette around his neck and their tongue started struggling. 

  Some slurping sounds were heard and they drove them both crazy: Jane's pussy was tingling and Mike's cock was hardening.

  His muscled body pressed against her body tightly and the girl could feel a big bulb in his jeans. She knew that she had to stop or the guy would ask for more, but it was too much. Jane also heard that army boys could be really brutal sometimes even if they looked nice. The girl would never decide to stay in their way. Mike was from the most brutal force, the Marines.

  Although Jane looked awesome and let him kiss her really hot, sex was another thing. She was raised not to have sex until she knew her partner well. It took about the half of year for the last and only boyfriend to get into her pants.

 Mike softly broke the kiss and said, "Nice to meet you."

  Smiling at him, Jane whispered, "Nice to meet you too. Where are you getting off? I'm going to the final stop."
 
  "Me, too, sweet-face."

  "I guess, the ride is gonna be full of fun," Jane said and slowly licked her upper lip.

  "Yeah," the guy replied. "What's your compartment?"

  "It's 5," she replied without thinking that he could join her.

  "OK, I'll be there soon if you don't mind." Mike said, turned around and walked away.

  Jane really liked this guy, his manners and she wanted him to be her boyfriend. The girl wondered about his destination, because he said that he would get off at the final stop. So did she either. It meant that they could live in the same town. What if they tried something during the ride that would be too much for her?

  Those thoughts left her mind and she wanted to enjoy the present moment. The girl watched his silhouette going away. 

  Mike went away and he couldn't resist rubbing his crotch through material. Thanks God, his back was towards the girl and she wouldn't figure it out. Grinning, he thought that his chance with that college girl was fat and he increased the pace to his compartment.

  When Jane was in her compartment, she sat and blame herself for saying to him where she stayed. The girl knew that there could be a point of no-return. It was dangerous to tease a horny marine boy. She started thinking about him and her pussy was getting wet. This had never happened before and Jane couldn't do anything about it.

  Sitting, the girl leant back against the wall and closed her eyes. The images of Mike haunted her mind and she felt warm waves of pleasure spreading all over her lust-filled body. Her hand instinctively moved down her body towards her pussy. It didn't take much time to reach it. 

  Jane often masturbated at the dorm when she was alone and her hand could easily find the way to her slit even when it was pitch black. 

  She pulled her thin thong aside and her finger easily slid inside. As soon as the girl had done it, she let out a long moan of pleasure. Jane was surprised that her pussy was very wet and she started finger-fucking herself. 

  It hadn't been a minute before the slurping sounds of her juicy pussy and the odour of sex filled the compartment. Jane couldn't do anything to stop herself and just was having her time. She was horny as hell. The girl was increasing the pace with every passing moment and her toes curled with pleasure.

  Deep into her sexual phantasies and pleasure, a little squeak of the compartment door frightened her and Jane tried to pull herself together. She didn't want to be caught in the act: the girl removed her hand from under the skirt, but forgot to fix her thong and her pussy was left uncovered. Only her mini skirt conceal her juicy spot from an outsider.

  It was her imaginable marine-boy. Having entered, Mike smelt the odour of sex there. He glanced at the girl and smiled. Her eyes were blurred and the guy understood that she had been playing with herself while he was away. He knew that he'd be a loser if he missed the moment.

  Mike didn't want somebody to interrupt him. So he turned around and locked the compartment door, imagining how he would be fucking this college slut. Grinning, the guy turned to her.

  Like in a trance, Jane stood up and slowly walked to the marine boy. With every step she could feel her sweet juices dripping out of her hot pussy. 

  When the girl finally reached him, she couldn't resist the temptation. Without saying a word, Jane laced his strong neck with her hands and brought her lips against his. The girl was out of control and her pussy was controlling her mind now. Jane felt like a sex-craved slut.

  Mike liked the way she acted and he didn't mind her wet-kissing him. He just let her agile wet tongue slid inside his mouth and his hands wandered along her back, pressing her slim body tightly against his. The girl's body was pressed so tightly that the guy figured out that she didn't wear a bra. Her teen mounds felt so good that Mike wanted to tear her top to pieces and squeeze those perky tits in his hands. All those emotions made his cock stir and the guy instinctively lowered one of his hand and rested on her ass.

  Mike was so excited that he could fuck a dead girl and Jane couldn't but notice a hard bulb in his jeans. Kissing him with an increasing desire, she imagined how well the marine boy would use it on her.

  The guy felt how desperate the girl was and understood that she didn't fuck very long. He knew that she reached the point of no-return. 

  Mike slid his hand under her mini skirt and squeezed her ass cheek bluntly. He liked the feeling of the young girl's naked flesh and the guy always considered that those who wore thongs wanted to be fucked desperately.

  Jane felt his hand on her ass and she held her breath. The girl looked forward to him throwing their clothes away with a wild passion.

  After she hadn't resisted his hand squeezing her tight ass, Mike understood that Jane gave him the green light for everything. His fingers pulled the elastic thong aside so that it gave him a free access. As soon as they had touched her slippery pussy lips, the girl's breath burned the guy's tongue.

  Mike's finger slid inside easily and her pussy clenched tightly against it. The finger immediately got covered with her pussy juice and Mike dreamt about sticking his cock to the balls inside this slut's cunt. 

  Feeling the guy's finger sawing in and out of the pussy, the girl was on the verge of coming orgasm and she couldn't bear it any more. Jane unlaced her hands and they moved down Mike's muscled body. The girl's fingers fumbled with his jeans to release his cock as he kept finger-fucking her with an increasing pace.

  When his jeans were finally unbuttoned, Mike heard his fly getting unzipped. The guy got his fingers out of her dripping wet pussy and closed his eyes in anticipation.

  Licking her lips, Jane unzipped his fly and his hard cock sprang out. Without thinking, she grabbed and squeezed it, enjoying the feeling of the hard pulsating meat in her hand. The only thing Jane thought about was to suck'n fuck it.

  The girl knelt in front of the marine-boy and pulled down his jeans to the feet. She was doing it slowly and erotically without breaking their eye contact. When she finished it, Mike just stepped out of them and stood stark-naked.

  Jane saw him in all glory and it was the first guy who wasn't shy at all. He acted like he did every day. The girl was about to give him a blowjob even if she always despise giving head, especially tasting cum but now the college girl didn't give it a care. The only thing she cared about now was to have an orgasm.

  Her ex-boyfriend's cock was much less than this marine-boy's and its size drove her crazy. She just wanted to be a slave of this amazing masterpiece of manhood. She opened her small mouth wide to take that shlong inside. 

  The girl tried to swallow it as much as she could but failed. Her mouth was too small for its girth. Jane seldom gave heads and she was unexperienced at it. The girl immediately started gagging on it. Coughing, her saliva covered his hard shaft and her face became red but she didn't let it slip out of her mouth. Little by little, her mouth got accustomed to Mike's cock and Jane tried to do a good tongue work on it.

  Until now, she had never done a tongue work but now she tried to show what she learnt from watching adult movies. Jane imagined herself a cheap slut who was with a dirty worker at a construction site as her agile tongue teased the underside of Mike's cock. The girl could feel how his cock stirred and she liked it. Delighted, she softly took his ballsack in her palm and started playing with them as her tongue circled around the purple dickhead. 

  Jane tasted his pre-cum and understood that she was doing everything right. His gasps filled the room and the girl could hear them clearly. Those moans of pleasure drove her crazy and she tried better and better.

  It didn't take much time before Mike put his both hands on the back of her head. He just held her head and drove his cock into her mouth as deep as he could.

  Jane was shocked by his impudence but being forced excited her and she didn't want to stop it. She panicked when the half of his thick cock entered her small mouth and she gagged on it but the guy didn't give it a shit. He literally fucked her skull without paying attention to her comfort. 

  It frightened her to die from a choke but Jane knew that Mike was the boss of the situation now and he could be a real threat. Thus, the college girl just tried to get accustomed to this monster cock.

  A minute later her mouth got accustomed to it but Jane didn't like the idea of being a fuck doll. Thinking it over, the guy suddenly stopped.

  Mike pulled her by hair and his vein-covered cock sprang out of her mouth and hit his abs. His eyes were blurred and he was ready to fuck the shit out of this girl. Having sex wasn't Jane's plan but the girl knew that the marine boy was in condition to fuck anything that could walk. It was stupid to resist her destiny and she tried to forget her shyness.

  Mike stooped down and picked her up in his arms.The guy carried her to the compartment bed and threw her on it. Jane's jaw was sore from a forced blowjob and the girl was delighted deep inside that she was finally going to be fucked. Like a bitch in the heat, she raised her mini skirt up her body and splayed her slim legs open, revealing her pussy. 

  Mike knelt down and looked at her pussy. The pussy was neatly-trimmed and the thin thong's material was aside the pink slit, showing the slippery hole in all glory. It looked so young and fresh. The guy couldn't let her wait for his cock too long. 

  He grabbed his cock and pressed it against this slippery hole. Mike slowly drove the head of his cock inside and the walls of her pussy were very tight. Resting like that and enjoying the sensation, he grabbed her trembling hips and thrusted forward. His balls slapped against her ass in a moment and the girl cried out on the top of her lungs. Mike closed his eyes and threw his head back with pleasure. Her pussy wasn't very often used and it was noticeable.

  The moans of the girl brought him to reality and he opened his eyes. Looking at Jane's body, Mike saw her breasts heaving up and down as if she tried to get accustomed to his cock. Then the guy glanced down at her pussy and its lips were forced a huge way apart. He grinned at the thought of breaking the girl. She didn't resist at all and the marine-boy decided that she liked to be submissive. 

  But he was wrong, Jane was afraid of his being bad-tempered. The girl gasped and felt so stuffed like never before. Her ex-boyfriend's cock was much less and she had never been treated so bad. But Mike was like a wild animal and it excited and frightened her at the same time.

  She moved her hands to her pussy and pulled the pussy lips apart, hoping that it would give her more relief but the guy didn't want to wait until Jane's sore pussy got accustomed to his cock. Mike just started fucking her, constantly increasing the rhythm.

  The college girl couldn't believe how rude he was, a real bastard. It was so painful that tears appeared in her eyes, but Mike's thrust made her moan with pleasure. Jane couldn't understand what was happening to her. She tried to convince herself that she was forced to do it but she also understood that she wanted it very much like the marine-boy opened the hidden slut in her being.

  It didn't take much time for Mike to start hammering into her fragile body. The compartment became filled with muffled moans of pleasure and slurping sounds of raw sex. Anybody who was passing outside the compartment could smell the odour of sex. It'd be obvious that prostitutes were serving the place.

  The guy was having the time of his life and he wanted an extreme penetration. He didn't wear a condom and the idea of making a freshman pregnant excited him much. Mike lifted her legs over his shoulders and then he laid on the top of her so that her knees were pushed up to her shoulders.

  It was too much for Jane. The girl could feel the head of his cock hitting the cervix and his balls slapping her ass. The student thought that she would be torn apart. Jane tried to throw him off herself but she failed. She was too weak to do it and Jane had to get along with it.

  The girl tried to relax and enjoy it. Despite of the awkward feelings, her pussy was clutching tightly against Mike's hammering cock and Jane's mind was getting blurred. She could feel her toes curling and the college girl couldn't but humping the guy back.

  Jane knew that she was on the way to her orgasm and she remembered that Mike didn't wear a rubber. It was the first time she had ever fucked without a protection and the sensations were different. The college girl was smart enough and she knew that it would be stupid to take the chance. Jane couldn't afford getting pregnant. 

  Like a zombie, the girl whispered again and again, "Please, don't come in me" but then it turned into her moans of pleasure. Her pleas changed to "Yes, stud, fuck me. Fuck me hard!"

  Jane was like a bitch in the heat, she had never felt anything like this before. The girl liked sex with her ex-boyfriend: it was some kind of erotic, sensual but dull in comparison with Mike's wild ride. The college girl was excited beyond belief.

  It was happening when Mike finally froze. He threw his head backward with pleasure as his entire cock was thrusted forward with lust. Hot stream of cum immediately started spurting, coating the inner walls of Jane's pussy but the girl didn't stop humping wildly against her lover. 

  When Mike's cum was almost dumped, the girl also reached her orgasm. Her tight pussy glove-gripped his wasted cock and began milking the rest of his last drops. The guy and the girl moaned in unison during the almost simulteneous orgasm.

  After the time of pleasure, his wasted cock slid out of her pussy and Mike collapsed on the bed next to the girl. They both were tired and tried to catch their breaths. Jane savoured the moment until she remembered that she had had unsafe sex.

  Frightened, the college girl jumped to her feet and got into her purse. In a hurry she took out several towelettes and tried to collect all the sticky baby-making cum. As Jane was doing it, she heard Mike's hysterical laughter. The marine-boy thought it was too late for it and it made the girl look funny.

  Jane kept on cleaning her pussy and swearing Mike that he acted like a stupid brat. He had to think about his sex partner, but the guy didn't give it a shit. He guessed that she was a good fuck but it was one-night stand.

  The girl was shocked how loose and purple her pussy became after that rough fucking. Three fingers of hers easily entered inside, although two fingers hardly entered before.

  A half an hour passed and the girl came to herself. She glanced at Mike and he was already sleeping. Jane knew that a long trip ahead and undressed completely. She was too tired to lay her clothes properly and just threw them down on the floor beside the compartment bed.

  Thus, they fell asleep under a warm blanket as the train was rushing to her destination, but the college girl couldn't imagine what was coming.
