Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Twenty-One: Ruru and the Pregnant Futas
Summary: The day is saved and everyone is pregnant and having such an amainzg time with Ruru!
Keywords: hhf hhFf HH hh inc oral anal DP monster preg lac inter wife tentacle

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Raquel Santiago  Six Weeks Later

My bratty little sister slid her mouth over my futa-dick. I groaned as she suckled on me. She had such a hot mouth. The incestuous rush of her mouth nursing on my girl-dick was intense. I loved it. I groaned as I savored that delight. 

Ooh, that's it, sex slave, Shannon said. My redhead girlfriend's round breasts quivered. She held a leash in one hand that ran to the collar about Calista's throat. For the last six weeks, she had been an incredible sex slave of Shannon.

And since we were dating, Calista was like my own sex slave.

Calista squealed around my dick as Shannon thrust into her slave's cunt. My sister groaned and suckled hard. I shuddered at the force of her mouth nursing on my dick. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. It was an amazing rush to feel her doing that.

I shuddered, my pussy clenching from the force of her hungry nursing. My pussy drank in all the wonderful friction. It was an amazing rush to have her bobbing her head and sucking on my girl-cock like this. I shuddered, my boobs jiggling.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. That's it, you bratty slut. Suck your big sister's girl-dick!

That's right! moaned Shannon as she thrust away hard. Her round tits bounced while her face twisted in delight.

You fuck that puta hard, pretty girl, I cooed. Show her who owns her pussy.

My sister squealed around my girl-dick. It was obvious who she picked. I loved that buzzing passion. She hummed around me with her slutty passion. I shuddered, my twat clenching as my ovaries quivered with all the cum in them.

The bathroom door opened in the master bedroom. Well, it was where Calista, Mom, and I slept all together now. My busty mother held up the pregnancy test, a big smile spreading on her face. She had golden-brown skin like Calista and me. My mother was a Hispanic beauty.

Is it...? I asked my heart clenching hard.

You bred me, mi gatita, cooed my mother. She had a big grin on her face. Her large breasts swayed from side to side. 

Nice, Shannon said. That's all of us.

It was impossible to say who had really bred whom. Between Shannon and myself, plus her two futa-mothers and futa-sister, there were a lot of cocks going in all our pussies. Ruru's couldn't breed us, but the rest of us could.

And had.

I liked to think that the baby in my womb was Shannon's, and that the one in her womb was mine. Calista declared her baby's mother had to be her Mistress Shannon's while Mom was certain that I had knocked her up.

Hence the pregnancy test.

Mmm, such a naughty daughter, Mom purred as she tossed the pregnancy test in a waste bin then headed to the bed. I should sit on your face and make you lick my pregnant pussy.

Mierda! I groaned. That sounds perfect, Mam!

Mom reached the bed and crawled over the covers as Shannon fucked Calista who nursed on my cock like the little whore she was. I trembled, watching Mom's big boobs. She reached me and threw her leg over me.

That's it, groaned Shannon, her skin so milky pale. Ride your daughter's face!

Mmm, yes, I will, gringa, moaned Mom before she planted her furred muff right on my face. 

Her thick curls spilled over my lips and cheeks moments before her spicy pussy planted on my mouth. Her bred pussy. I groaned in delight as her juices spilled past my lips to soak my cunt. I thrust my tongue into her depths and swirled around.

Mi gatita! she squealed as I did that. Oh, my naughty daughter has a tongue on her. Ooh, yes, yes, just stir up your mother's wicked cunt. That's amazing. Yes, yes, yes.

Eat your mother's cunt, moaned Shannon. And you, naughty slave, suck your big sister's cock. I want you gagging on it. Deep throat that beauty!

Calista squealed and did as she was instructed. Her lips slid down my shaft until the tip of my futa-dick hit the back of her throat. I moaned into Mom's pussy as my little sister deep-throated my dick like the whore she was.

I groaned at her skill. She worked her gullet down my cock fast. She slid lower and lower, devouring more and more of my girl-dick. I loved it. My pussy clenched. My toes curled. I tongued Mom's spicy pussy as Calista's lips reached my cunt.

She licked at my pussy as she moaned around my cock. It was so hot to feel her tongue caressing my labia as she gulped, massaging my girl-dick with her gullet. Her hums buzzed around the crown of my dick. The pleasure shot down me.

Damn, I moaned into Mom's pussy. I thrust my tongue into her snatch as deep as I could.

Mmm, that's it, mi gatita, she purred. Lick up all of Mam's cream. You love it.

I did. So delicious and spicy. I savored it as my sister slid her mouth back up my cock.

I groaned at her suction. My back arched and round breasts jiggled. Calista nursed with passion on my futa-dick, moaning as Shannon fucked her hard from behind. I quivered there, my face contorting with all this passion.

The tip of my cock popped out of her gullet. She swirled her tongue around the crown. Pleasure shot down to my pussy. I groaned and fluttered my tongue through our mother's pussy. I caressed her with hunger, licking and lapping at her twat.

Calista bobbed her head. My naughty little sister worked her mouth up and down my girl-cock. She suckled with such hunger on me. I groaned into Mom's pussy, my orgasm building in my ovaries. My twat clenched, drinking in the delight rushing down my shaft.

Oh, yes, yes, that's it, Shannon moaned. Suck your sister's cock, slave. Fuck, I am going to dump my load in your bred pussy!

Calista moaned her delight, sucking so hard on my futa-dick.

I shuddered, the pressure building and building at the tip of my girl-dick. I was so close to erupting. I trembled, the heels of my feet drumming on the bed. My face contorted with such bliss. It was a rapturous delight.

I flicked my tongue around Mom's clit. I nibbled on her bud. Her plump rump clenched before my face while her back arched. She groaned, rubbing her furred muff on my face. Her curls tickled my cheeks as she moaned.

Oh, mi gatita! she groaned. Ooh, that's it. You're going to make me cum!

Yes, yes, make your mom explode! Shannon moaned, slamming hard into Calista's cunt.

My sister squealed around my dick. I knew those sounds. Her orgasm swept through her. That naughty cunt suckled at my girlfriend's futa-cock. I shuddered, my pussy clenching from the humming delight. I suckled hard on my mother's clit.

Mi gatita! she squealed.

A flood of her spicy pussy cream gushed into my mouth. I groaned, drinking the incestuous cream flooding out of her pregnant twat. My futa-dick throbbed in my little sister's mouth. I shuddered, toes curling. Then I squealed in delight.

I erupted.

I fired blast after blast of cum into her mouth. I shuddered, spurting my cream over and over into her hungry maw. The pleasure swept through me. I moaned, drinking my mother's pussy cream as my girl-dick erupted over and over again.

Shit! groaned Shannon. You naughty slave! Take it!

My girlfriend's moans sang through the room. I shuddered, spurting over and over into Calista's mouth. I was so glad that Ruru had come. That she had given us these futa-dicks. It was so wild to drink my mother's pussy cream while spurting my jizz into my sister's mouth.

Yes! Shannon groaned as I hit the peak of my pleasure. You bred your mom, Raquel!

I did, pretty girl, I panted, feeling so wonderful right now. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stephanie Mathers - Four Months Later

I never thought I would be pregnant. Hell, I thought I was done having kids. I had a vasectomy. Morgan was our last child. Now here I was, five months pregnant with my wife's daughter. And Nora was pregnant with mine.

I was a woman fully now. Well, a futa fully. My wifewell, someone, but I liked to think it was Norahad bred me. Had pumped my pussy full of futa-cum and soaked my womb in girl-seed. I had done the same to her.

Mmm, Nora said as we lay on our bed, just the two of us. That wasn't all the case with three daughters and Ruru. But tonight it was just me and my wife. My gender change had been accepted at work and they were all shocked that I was pregnant.

I just lied. Modern medicine. They all believed me.

I need this, Nora groaned. I fucked three nurses, a female doctor, and a new mother while her husband slept in the other bed.

They overwork you, I said, her cock inches from my face, my girl-dick hovering before her lips. I was so eager to sixty-nine. I only fucked three of my coworkers. The usual rotation for them.

Mmm, your poor cock, my wife moaned. Let me kiss it to make it feel better.

Nora kissed the tip of my cock. I shuddered at that. It felt so wicked having her do that. She flicked her tongue over the crown of my futa-dick. Pleasure shot down my shaft to my pregnant pussy. My cunt clenched as I groaned.

Such a loving woman I married, I groaned and flicked the tip of her girl-dick with my tongue.

I gathered up the drop of precum beading at the tip. I loved the flavor of my wife's jizz. It was such a delight to caress her with my tongue. She smooched all over my crown, her lips hot and sweet. I danced my tongue around hers, stroking her delicious flesh.

Then she suckled my cock into her mouth. She nursed on my dick. It was a delight to have her suckling on me. A wonderful treat. Her tongue danced around my cock. I groaned at the rapture, my pussy clenching and ovaries twitching.

Nora, I breathed before I slid my mouth over her cock and nursed on her. 

She groaned around my dick. 

We loved each other's cocks. It was a thrill to have her mouth sucking on mine. I bobbed my head, loving her girl-dick. It was a wonderful delight to do this. I suckled with passion. I nursed on her with everything that I had. She groaned as I did that. She moaned around my cock. 

My head bobbed. Her lips worked up and down my cock. We loved each other. She suckled with everything that she had, slurping on my futa-dick. Pleasure shot down my shaft to my cunt. I groaned around hers, my tongue dancing around the crown of her girl-dick.

I loved the feeling of her in my mouth. The salty flavor of her precum.

I savored blowing my wife as she suckled on my dick.

My breasts rubbed into her pregnant stomach, hers into the curve of my baby bump. I loved the feeling of her against me. That was such a hot delight. My nipples throbbed as my futa-dick ached in her mouth. She suckled hard, building the pressure at the tip. I rose towards that wonderful burst of rapture. 

She thrust her hand between my legs and rubbed at my pussy lips. She stroked me. It felt incredible. I loved every moment of it. She rubbed up and down my hot flesh. I groaned around her girl-cock. I nursed with such force on her. 

She thrust her fingers into my pussy. I gasped as she did that. My cunt clenched down on her digits. She pumped them in and out of me. I gripped her ass with my fingers, loving the double assault. My pussy rippled with delight while my cock throbbed with pleasure.

I slid my fingers into the crack of her ass. 

I explored down her butt-crack and found her anal ring. I caressed her. I teased her. She whimpered as she worked her fingers in and out of my cunt. She plunged into me again and again. I trembled and pushed two of my fingers on her anal ring.

They popped into her bowels.

She shuddered, her cock twitching in my mouth. My tongue danced over her crown as I sank my digits into her anal sheath. I nursed on her girl-cock, my pussy clenching about her fingers. She shuddered as I fingered her asshole, thrusting in and out of her. 

She groaned. I whimpered. 

My pussy swelled with the heat building in my cunt, her digits reaming me out. She suckled hard. I nursed with passion on her girl-cock. All that wonderful precum spilled over my tongue. I loved it. I thrust my fingers in and out of her asshole. 

My body trembled with the force of suckling on her girl-cock. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down my wife's futa-dick. It was a thrill to nurse on her and finger her asshole. To suckle with everything that I had. My cheeks hollowed. She groaned as I loved her.

She loved me back.

The pressure in my ovaries swelled and swelled as we nursed on each other's futa-dicks. It was such a hot rush to do this. I danced my tongue around her crown and thrust my fingers into her asshole. She buried her digits deep into my cunt as she suckled hard on my dick.

My ovaries burst from the pressure.

I erupted into her mouth while my fingers spasmed around her asshole.

My wife squealed as I flooded her mouth with my futa-spunk. Her anal sheath clamped down on my fingers. Then her girl-dick erupted. Her cunt fired all that cum into my mouth. I loved the jizz spurting over and over again. She basted my mouth with all that spunk.

I loved it.

Savored it.

I trembled through the rapture, gulping down her cum while my pussy was spasming around her digits. Her bowels suckled on my fingers while she swallowed my futa-jizz. It was so wonderful to cum with her. To drink her spunk as she drank mine.

All that salty jizz spilled into my mouth. I groaned, loving it. My boobs rubbed into her swollen belly as I trembled through my orgasm. I hurtled towards that peak, so close to spurting all my jizz into her. It was an incredible delight. I loved every moment of it.

My belly was so full of her girl-cum. Just brimming with it. That was such a delight to enjoy. I loved it so much. I groaned and slid my mouth off her girl-cock as she slid hers off mine. I panted, savoring her futa-spunk in my mouth.

I sat up. So did Nora. Her auburn hair spilled around her lovely face. I kissed my wife, so glad that Ruru had entered our lives and changed us for the better. My tongue danced with hers. She kissed me with such passion. 

Our hands rubbed the other's belly, feeling the curve of each other's baby bump. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

Ooh, that looks like fun, Ruru said.

I broke the kiss with my wife and turned to Ruru. The pink slime still wore Shannon's face with Morgan's pigtails. Her gelatinous body quivered as she hurtled over to us and threw herself on the bed. She had her own baby bump. According to Ruru, she was nearing her own division, so she was putting on mass for it. 

So she put it in her belly like she was pregnant.

And her boobs. They were much bigger than usual. They were verging on I-cups. They looked so sexy swinging from her as she bounced on the bed, her swollen belly as hot as my wife's. Ruru had this bright smile on her lips.

How can we say no to her? Stephanie asked. My gender-swapped futa-wife stretched out on her back. She wore contacts now instead of glasses, though a pair of them was still on our nightstand. Her large boobs quivered while her pregnant belly had a lovely curve to it.

We can't, I admitted. Mmm, go sit on my futa-wife's cock and I'll fuck you in the ass, you naughty slime!

Awesome, Ruru said.

The sexy alien threw her leg for my wife's body and lowered herself. The swell of their pregnant bellies rubbed together. Since Ruru was making the copy of herself from our cum that we fired in her all the time, it was like she was having all our babies. Mine and my wife's, Shannon and Morgan, Raquel, Mrs. Seymour, and a few other futas she had made in the neighborhood.

It was so exciting.

Ruru slid her pussy down my futa-wife's girl-dick. I loved the sight of my wife's thick shaft through Ruru's gelatinous flesh. I could just see her filling up the slime's pussy. It made my girl-dick throb as I moved behind her, so eager to fuck her in the ass.

I loved the shadow of my wife's cock through Ruru's body as I pushed my clit-dick between the futa-slime's butt-cheeks. Her warm, gelatinous body made me feel so good. I slid down lower and lower until I found her backdoor.

I thrust against her. 

She groaned as I did that. Her back arched, pressing her flesh into my pregnant belly. I slid my hands around her body and grabbed those big, squishy breasts of hers. I kneaded them. Squeezed them. It was so wonderful to feel them in my grip.

Her anal ring spread and spread until I popped into her bowels. I groaned as I did that, her hot flesh engulfing me. I felt my futa-wife's girl-dick through that thin separation of asshole and pussy walls. I trembled as I slid deeper and deeper into her.

My big boobs swayed while my pregnant belly rubbed into her back. Her flesh gave way, letting my belly push into her. Her moldable flesh was so wonderful. I squeezed her big boobs as I bottomed out on in her.

Mmm, that's so wonderful, groaned Ruru. Ooh, thank you, Mrs. Nora.

You're welcome, sweetie, I purred and drew back my cock. 

I loved the way her asshole clung to me. Then she rose, shifting her bowels around my futa-dick as she slid up my futa-wife's cock. I slammed back into Ruru, her flesh rippling from the impact and massaging my pregnant belly. I loved it as she slammed her twat down Stephanie's girl-shaft. 

My wife gasped in delight as Ruru rode her futa-rod while I buggered the alien. I slammed into the futa-slime's bowels again and again. It was wonderful to fuck her like this. A delight to bury into her anal sheath over and over again. I loved sharing her with my futa-wife.

Ooh, ooh, that's it! moaned Ruru, the futa-slime squeezing her bowels down my futa-dick.

Pleasure shot down to my pussy. I shuddered, my pregnant belly and big boobs quivering as I fucked her asshole. I squeezed those big, soft boobs of hers, the pressure building and building at the tip of my girl-dick. 

So good, Stephanie moaned. Ooh, I love it when our bellies rub together, Ruru!

Right? the futa-slime groaned. That's amazing. Yes, yes, that's just wonderful. I love that big dick stretching out my pussy. Ooh, and look at our baby bumps pushing together. So hot!

I shuddered, their talk heating up my pussy even more. I thrust harder into the futa-slime's bowels. The tip of my girl-cock drank it in. The heat swelled through me. I shuddered with delight as I fucked her. It was wondrous to feel her squeezing about my cock.

The pressure swelled in my ovaries. They would explode with such force. I thrust into her over and over again. I fucked her with such force. I plowed with everything that I had. I rose towards that moment of eruption. 

It was such a thrill to fuck into her asshole as I moaned, Ruru!

Are you going in cum in me? she purred. Are you going to flood my asshole with all that futa-cum? Mmm, I need it. I need both your girl-jizz flooding me!

You'll get it, my futa-wife moaned. I'm going to cum in you, Ruru! Fill you with so much spunk!

Yay! she moaned.

I was so close to cumming. I squeezed her breasts as I slammed into her bowels. She impaled her cunt down my futa-wife's girl-dick. The naughty slime squealed in delight. Her anal sheath convulsed around my cock as she came.

Oh, yes, yes, that's so wonderful! I moaned and erupted.

My futa-jizz pumped into her bowels. I fired over and over into her asshole. It was such a thrill to pump her full of my cum. I loved it. I savored it. This heat swept through me. It was a wonderful delight to have this pleasure rushing through me.

I groaned, savoring every moment of spurting my cum into her bowls. Her asshole writhed around me. She suckled at me with this wild passion. I groaned, spurting into her over and over again. I loved flooding her with all that jizz.

Fuck! my futa-wife moaned. Oh, Take it, Ruru!

I am! the wicked futa-slime moaned. Yes, yes, just fill me with all your cum. You're both so wonderful! Two sexy futa-MILFs! I love you both!

We love you, too, Ruru! I groaned, rubbing my pregnant belly into her back as I pumped more and more of my futa-spunk into her asshole. It was a delight. An amazing rapture. I shuddered, firing everything that I had into her asshole.

I quivered through the rapture. I shuddered, my body trembling with all this ecstasy. It was amazing to pump her bowels full of my cum. I flooded her with it all. I loved her with everything that I had. It was amazing.

Fantastic.

Oh, damn, I groaned, so glad to give Ruru the futa-cum that she needed.

I hit the peak of my orgasm. I shuddered, my pregnant belly rubbing into her back. The pleasure swept through me. It was an amazing rush. I shuddered, loving every second of this delight. This wonderful bliss. I felt incredible.

Fantastic.

I sucked in deep breaths. I loved the pleasure that had wreathed through me. It was a wondrous delight. Just fantastic. I buzzed from the rapture. I squeezed her boobs as her asshole's ripples slowed then stopped.

Mmm, that was wonderful, the naughty futa-slime cooed. Just amazing. I am so glad that I met Shannon and your wonderful family!

Me, too, Stephanie panted. 

Yeah, I panted. This is such a wonderful life we have. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Mathers - Two Months Later

I loved being six months pregnant. I didn't know which of my sisters or mothers had knocked up my gender-swapped womb, but I loved being a pretty girl. Sexy and delicious. It was wonderful having a cunt that I could fit a big, fat futa-dick into.

I loved futas. Ever since I had discovered them on the internet. Those Japanese dickgirls with their big, throbbing cocks and huge tits and juicy pussy. Now I had one for a girlfriend. Kaylani winked at me, her golden-brown futa-dick thrusting out from her pussy. It was a thrill to see her with her own pregnant belly.

We were both the same far along. Everyone in the family but Morgan was. She was a late bloomer, only two months pregnant and not even showing. Her womb had been very stubborn to resist being knocked up by all the futa-cum pumping into her pussy day and night.

Okay, Morgan said as I straddled my girlfriend. Plant that pussy on your girlfriend's futa-dick so I can fuck that hot ass!

Such a pushy sister, I said to my girlfriend.

Kaylani giggled, her large breasts quivering. I loved her caramel skin. She was gorgeous. I straddled her and pressed her cock into my cunt. I loved riding her because when I slid my snatch down her shaft, our pregnant bellies touched. It was such a hot delight.

I groaned as I sank down her futa-dick. Our bellies rubbed together, both of us pregnant with new life. Bred by futas. It was the hottest thing in the world. Maybe it was that peppy sister behind me. She loved beating me in video games.

Now she had beat my womb and reached the end of the game. She had knocked me up with her girl-sperm. I loved thinking that.

Here we go, Morgan said. She pressed her girl-cock into my butt-crack. I trembled, my twat squeezing around my girlfriend's big dick. Mmm, big sis's tight asshole. What a hot thrill!

Yes, it is, I groaned as she rubbed her naughty dick into my backdoor. She pushed against me. A hot shiver shot through me. I groaned as she pushed against me. It was an incredible delight to have her pushing against me. 

Mmm, that's good, I moaned. Just ram that dick against my asshole. I'm so ready for it. Hammer my bowels with your sister-dick.

You got it, she groaned and thrust against my anal ring. 

A wave of heat rushed through me as my asshole widened. I quivered on my girlfriend's futa-dick, our pregnant bellies rubbing together. She smiled at me, her big boobs jiggling. I winked at her as my sphincter surrendered.

My little futa-sister invaded my bowels with her big girl-cock. I groaned as that big shaft stretched out my anal sheath. I had two wonderful clit-dicks in my body. My back arched and my big boobs swayed from side to side.

Morgan hugged me from behind and grabbed my titties. She gripped my tits. She squeezed them and kneaded them. I loved how she did that. It was an amazing delight to have her kneading my breasts. Her fingers slid up to my nipples.

She twisted them.

Fuck! I gasped and slid my cunt up Kaylani's cock.

Ooh, that's it, Kylie, she moaned, her face twisting with delight.

Morgan groaned and drew back her hips. Her small tits rubbed into my back as her clit-cock slid out of my bowels. She rammed back into my anal sheath as I impaled myself down my girlfriend's girl-dick. I loved this so much.

I shuddered, my boobs bouncing and jiggling. I arched my back and slid my cunt up that amazing cock again. It was a wondrous to ride Kaylani's futa-dick as my little sister buggered me. Morgan hammered my bowels with such force.

Oh, my god, you know how to make me feel so naughty, I groaned, squeezing my bowels around her thrusting girl-dick.

Good, Morgan moaned as she rammed into me. 

What about me? pouted my futa-girlfriend.

You make me feel so loved, I moaned, my hands sliding over her pregnant belly.

She beamed at me as my pussy worked up and down her girl-cock. The delight swirled in me. My orgasm built and built as all these naughty delights shot through me. I was hurtling towards such a wild climax.

Morgan pumped away with such force at my asshole. Her fingers twisted my nipples. All the delight swept through me. I groaned, savoring this wonderful passion. I would have such a big orgasm. A mighty climax.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, god, that's so good. That's amazing. Yes, yes, that's just a wonderful passion. I'm going to cum!

You better, moaned Morgan, her futa-dick hammering my bowels. I'm fucking you so hard. It's a wonderful passion to pound you!

It was. It was so hot to have my futa-sister fuck my asshole as I rode Kaylani's girl-dick. Her thick shaft massaged my twat. The two cocks built and built me towards my orgasm. I trembled in delight, savoring their two girl-shafts in my holes.

I shuddered, my pregnant belly rubbing into Kaylani's over and over again. I trembled, loving this delight. My bred pussy gripped her girl-cock as my futa-sister's rod hammered my bowels. She buried deep and hard into me.

I hurtled towards my orgasm, the heat swelling in my nethers. It was so wild to feel. My head tossed from side to side as I loved this passion. It was an incredible ecstasy. My pussy clamped down on my futa-girlfriend's dick. My asshole clung to my dickgirl-sister's cock.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. I'm going to cum!

Yeah, you are! Morgan moaned, her girl-cock hammering my bowels.

Mmm, cum on our futa-dicks, honey, Kaylani moaned. Let me feel that hot, tight twat going wild on my cock. I want that so much.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, savoring their girth in me. I slammed down her girl-cock as Morgan buried into my bowels. My pregnant body quivered.

Then rapture exploded in me.

Fuck, yes, I gasped, my pussy writhing and rippling around my girlfriend's dick while my bowels convulsed around Morgan's thrusting girl-cock.

Ooh, that's it, Morgan moaned. She drew back her girl-cock through my spasming asshole. That's what I want to feel.

Me, too! gasped Kaylani, her caramel face twisting in delight. Yes!

She bucked and shuddered, her head tossing from side to side as she fired her girl-cum into me. She pumped blast after blast of her jizz into my cunt. I shuddered, my dick writhing around her thick shaft. I suckled at her. Nursed at her.

It was fantastic to enjoy. I loved her futa-jizz spurting into my spasming cunt. Then Morgan buried into my bowels and squealed her delight. Her hot spunk pumped into my writhing asshole. I had two futa-cocks blasting my holes full of their seed.

I love this! I howled, trembling through my rapture. Oh, that's so good. That's just remarkable!

It was a heady rush. A wondrous delight to experience this majesty. I groaned, savoring the ecstasy rushing through me. My cunt rippled and writhed around my futa-girlfriend's dick, milking her dry. My asshole massaged my dickgirl-sister's rod, working out all her girl-spunk.

I hit that wonderful peak of my pleasure, shuddering as I savored being a pregnant woman getting fucked by hot futas. This was the life. As my holes milked dry their cocks, I trembled with rapture. I smiled.

This was an amazing life. I was so glad that Ruru came into my family.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Morgan Mathers  One Month later

God, you look so hot pregnant, Raquel, I said, peeking in on my sister Shannon's room.

Oh, Raquel said. The golden-brown, Hispanic futa was rubbing baby oil on her baby bump. Her large breasts quivered, her nipples so fat. You are starting to show yourself.

Yes, she is, Shannon said. She was behind me. Her swollen belly bumped into my back. You want to fuck my sexy Raquel, don't you?

God, yes, I moaned, my futa-dick growing from beneath my baby bump. I wasn't nearly as pregnant as the others. My womb was stubborn. But someone had done it. Lucky me! I was so glad to be pregnant, too.

Then go and fuck her, Shannon said. 

Mmm, yes, yes, fuck her, moaned Ruru who was also behind Shannon. And you can fuck me!

Ooh, hot, I said and darted into the room. Raquel scooted to the edge of the bed, her futa-dick growing from her shaved pussy.

She had a golden-brown dick that matched her sexy hue. She was such a hot, Latina futa. I loved it. Her futa-cock twitched as I fell to my knees on a little fucking stool that Shannon had in her room. It put you at the perfect height to fuck the very pregnant Raquel. Everyone but me was a month or so from their due date.

Ruru moved past me. Her belly was as swollen as the others. She was so close to her division. Soon, she would split in half and there would be two Rurus. How insane was that? It was so crazy. I couldn't believe it.

Kneeling on the bed, Ruru wiggled her ass at my futa-sister. Shannon stepped up beside me as I brought my cock to Raquel's pussy. Her futa-dick nuzzled into my baby bump as my girl-dick pressed into her pussy. I felt those juicy folds just begging for my girl-rod to ram into her.

So I thrust.

Oh, my god, gasped Raquel. Pretty girl, your sister has a cock on her. 

Yep, Shannon said and grabbed one of my pigtails. She twined it about her finger as she pushed her futa-dick into Ruru's dripping pussy. She's not bad.

I'm amazing, I groaned as I sank to the hilt in Raquel's bred depths.

My futa-sister winked at me before she thrust into Ruru's pussy. The slime groaned, her pregnant belly quivering beneath her. She had pigtails, like me, but they were stiff so they didn't sway much. I did like the look of them, though. 

I pumped away at Raquel's pussy. I fucked her cunt, loving to bury my dick into her snatch. It was so much fun to feel her tight twat gripping my dick. She held me tight as I thrust into her again and again. Beside me, Shannon fucked Ruru with just as much force.

Then something naughty happened. Ruru grew tentacle-dicks.

I shuddered as they thrust out of the side of her body near me. She rushed them at me. They both went around me and hit me from behind. A tentacle-cock thrust into my pussy while another went for my asshole, hitting my anal ring.

Ruru, I squealed in delight as I drove my cock into Raquel's bred pussy. Her futa-dick slapped into my belly as I did that. Yes!

Enjoy! Ruru moaned as she fucked one tentacle-cock into my cunt and the other nuzzled at my backdoor. 

I pumped away at Raquel as that tentacle-dick rammed past my anal ring and into my bowels. Two of those amazing girl-dicks filled me up. The futa-slime fucked me with her tentacles as I drilled my cock into the juicy depths of Raquel's pussy.

I was in heaven. It was incredible. My girl-dick pumped away at hot and juicy cunt while my pussy and asshole drank in the rapture of having two tentacle-dicks fucking me. Ruru thrust them in and out of my holes with the same rhythm as Shannon's strokes.

Ooh, yes, yes, Ruru moaned, her pregnant belly quivering. Fuck me, Shannon!

And fuck me, I gasped, my asshole and pussy melting around those tentacle-cocks spearing into my depths. Yes!

I thrust so hard into Raquel's pussy, inspired by the two appendages hammering my cunt and asshole. They buried into me at the same time, thrusting away and stretching me open. It was outstanding. A true joy to experience this rapture.

I groaned as the tentacles thrust in and out of my snatch. I squeezed my bowels and pussy down on them as I fucked Raquel's silky twat. Her hot pussy gripped me. Massaged me. She groaned, her boobs jiggling.

I loved it so much. I thrust into her pussy with such force while my ovaries drank in all three frictions. My pussy and asshole plus Raquel's cunt all combined to give me such wondrous rapture that swirled through my body.

The ache grew at the tip of my futa-dick. My small breasts jiggled as I thrust forward. I groaned. Whimpered. I was in such naughty heaven. My moans echoed through the air. My pigtails danced around my face.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Ruru! Raquel!

Oh, hammer my cunt, moaned the Hispanic futa. Just fuck my pregnant twat with that big dick!

You're going to feel my cum spurting into your depths, I groaned. Oh, my god, yes, yes, you are going to have my cum hosing your twat down.

Good, she whimpered, my pussy and asshole clamping down on those tentacle-dicks.

Are you going to cum, Ruru? Shannon moaned, slamming her futa-dick into the slime's cunt.

You know I am, Ruru moaned. Between your cock and Morgan's holes, I am going to just explode. I'll be flooding her cunt with cum while drinking your girl-jizz.

Yes! Shannon moaned. She thrust away hard into Ruru who fucked my holes with such passion.

I trembled, hurtling closer and closer to cumming. My pussy and asshole gripped those tentacle-dicks pumping away at me. I plunged into Raquel's pussy. My hands rubbed over her pregnant belly as she gasped and groaned. Her twat massaged me.

She trembled, her face contorting. Her big boobs jiggled as I fucked her. She humped against me. I loved the feeling of her pussy around my girl-dick. She brought me so close to cumming in her. I trembled, ready to burst in her.

To just explode.

I buried into Raquel's pussy and gasped. It was too much. Yes! I squealed. Fuck, yes!

I came.

My cum spurted into her pussy. I flooded her with my futa-jizz. My cunt and asshole spasmed around Ruru's tentacle-cocks, nursing at them. Waves of pleasure washed out of my writhing snatch while ecstasy shot from my spurting girl-dick.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, unloading in Raquel's bred depths.

Oh, you naughty slut! groaned Raquel. Morgan!

Her pussy went wild around my cock. Her snatch rippled and writhed around my dick. She suckled at me as I pumped her twat full of my girl-spunk. My cunt and asshole did the same to Ruru's naughty tentacles while the dual pleasures drowned my mind in rapture.

Oh, Morgan! groaned Ruru. Yes!

Hot cum jetted into my pussy and asshole. Spurt after spurt of jizz bathed my cunt and bowels. My holes spasmed around Ruru's tentacle-dicks as they flooded me with her girl-seed. I loved it. The ecstasy surged through my body.

Morgan! gasped Shannon. 

Amazing! Ruru cried, her pregnant belly and large boobs shaking. Fantastic! I love your cock, Shannon!

Shannon buried into the futa-slime's pussy. My pregnant older sister gasped as she erupted. Her futa-cum flooded the alien's twat while Ruru's jizz pumped into my cunt and asshole. My spunk spurted into Raquel's pussy and her jizz fired into the air.

Her pearly spunk splattered over her pregnant belly. Lines of girl-jizz ran over the curves of her belly. It was such a delight to witness. I groaned, my cock spurting one last time into her pussy. My orgasm peaked as Ruru spurted a few more times into my snatch.

Damn, that's so good, I groaned, my head spinning from all the rapture that swept through me. I felt so amazing right now. I just brimmed with all the delight. It was awesome to cum like this. Just wonderful to spurt all this jizz into her pussy. You are the best, Ruru! Just the best!

I shuddered with all the joy, Raquel's twat rippling a few more times around my cock. I felt so good right now. I just buzzed with all the delight that had spurted into me. This was the best life. Being a futa rocked. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers  One Month Later

I was so close to giving birth. So was Raquel. Her breast milk had come out.

I latched my mouth onto her dark-brown nipple and suckled. My futa-girlfriend's creamy and warm breast milk flooded my mouth. I groaned, savoring that delight as I knelt before her. She lay reclined on my bed, propped up by pillows. My big boobs draped over her very pregnant belly.

We were due any day now.

I groaned, savoring that delicious breast milk. I swallowed the creamy treat. It was so sweet and wonderful. The cantaloupe aftertaste was a thrill. I shuddered, my pussy clenching as that hot delight poured down my throat.

A hard futa-dick pressed into my shaved pussy.

Ooh, Shannon, that looks so delicious, the wonderful Ruru said right before she thrust her girl-dick into my cunt.

I shuddered at the feeling of the pregnant futa-slime fucking my well-bred cunt. Her swollen belly rubbed over my rump as she drove her shaft to the hilt in my juicy pussy. I clenched down on her, my clit throbbing.

But I didn't grow my girl-cock. I would enjoy this fun just as a sexy girl.

She drew back her hips as my cunt squeezed down on her girl-cock. I loved the feeling of her futa-dick massaging my cunt walls. I nursed hard on Raquel's nipple, her creamy breast milk squirting into my mouth.

Oh, pretty girl, that's so good, she moaned as I suckled at her wonderful delight. 

I want a taste! Ruru moaned.

A tentacle thrust past my shoulder with a hungry mouth that latched onto my girlfriend's other nipple. The pink mouth, translucent so the dark-brown nipple could be seen as a shadow, contracted. Raquel gasped as her milk squirted into the mouth. 

As I drank down more and more of my girlfriend's breast milk and Ruru fucked my juicy pussy with her thick dick, I watched that mouth drink the creamy delight. The white liquid started to fill it up, a lighter shadow in the pink. Then the tentacle swallowed.

The liquid flowed down the appendage and out of sight.

Only for it to start all over again.

It was so hot to watch as I nursed on Raquel's breast. I drank her milk as Ruru fucked my pussy hard. Her pregnant belly rubbed on my rump as her girl-cock drilled into my snatch. I loved it. I squeezed my hot twat down around her shaft.

My orgasm built in me. That wonderful burst of pleasure that would surge through my body swelled in my cunt as I enjoyed that gelatinous futa-cock fucking me. I wiggled my hips, stirring her around in my pregnant twat.

Oh, wow, that's yummy, Ruru moaned, her tentacle-mouth swallowing more of Raquel's breast milk.

And feels so naughty, moaned my girlfriend. Oh, wow, that's just wild the way you're both nursing on me.

I bet it was. My nipples ached as they rubbed against my girlfriend's pregnant belly. I shuddered, Ruru fucking me so hard. She rammed her girl-cock into my snatch. She pounded me with all that passion. I loved the way she drilled into me.

I suckled hard on Raquel's nub. She whimpered as I drank that breast milk. It was a thrill to enjoy this passion. I was so glad that her milk came out. My nipples ached more and more. They tingled against her pregnant belly.

Was my milk coming in?

I shuddered and popped my mouth off my girlfriend's nipple. I shuddered as I arched my back and brought my heavy tits to her face. Our swollen bellies rubbed together, Ruru's girl-cock thrusting hard into my cunt.

I think I'm lactating, I moaned. Like you set me off, Raquel!

Ooh, that sounds yummy, she said as she cupped my left breast and brought my Double D towards her lips. She latched onto my nipple.

She suckled.

I groaned as she nursed but didn't feel my milk squirting into her mouth. She nursed harder and harder. I felt this... barrier. Then it crumbled as the pressure burst in my nub. I gasped as my milk gushed into her mouth.

Raquel! I moaned, my cunt squeezing down on Ruru's girl-dick. Ooh, drink my milk. Gulp it down!

She did while Ruru kept nursing from her nipple. The futa-slime slammed her girl-cock into me, churning up my pussy. It felt even more intense with my milk streaming into her mouth. She gulped it down with such passion.

Oh, I have to try your breast milk, Shannon, Ruru moaned. 

Her tentacle nursing on Raquel's nipple split. A second one thrust off it and bent around to latch onto my right nipple. I groaned as the futa-slime nursed from me, too. After that same building pressure, my milk spurted into her tentacle-mouth.

I shuddered, watching my milk and Raquel's flowing down the two tentacles to where they met and merged into a stream of breast milk that Ruru enjoyed. It was so wild. My cunt clamped down hard as I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, on the verge of bursting in orgasmic delight. Oh, Ruru, just keep thrusting into me.

I will! she moaned.

She buried into me with that amazing clit-cock. My nipples throbbed as Raquel and Ruru sucked down my milk. They drank my creamy treat. It was an amazing moment. My pussy clenched down hard on the futa-slime's cock. 

I hit that point.

I climaxed.

Yes!, I howled. The pleasure surged through me. 

My cunt rippled and writhed. It was an amazing ecstasy that rushed through my pregnant pussy. My twat spasmed around Ruru's futa-dick. She moaned as she rammed into me, her belly rubbing on my ass.

Raquel kept gulping down my breast milk as Ruru plowed to the hilt in me. She gasped. Her hot cum flooded my pregnant snatch. My cunt writhed around her erupting cock. I gasped in delight, nursing at her.

I loved sucking out the cum. I savored the pleasure rushing through me. My head tossed from side to side, my redhead hair dancing. It was an amazing passion. I shuddered as my cunt milked Ruru's dick. More and more of that hot cum pumped into me.

Oh, my god, I groaned. Oh, that's so good. I love it. This is amazing. Yes, yes, I love that you fell from space, Ruru!

Me, too, she moaned, her dick spraying my cunt with all her cum. 

She filled me with her jizz. It was an amazing rush. I shuddered, my eyes fluttering. Such joy swelled through me as my pregnant belly rubbed into my girlfriend's. I couldn't wait to be a mother. This was such a wonderful life.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru  One Month Later

Everyone but Morgan, who still had a few months to go, had their babies.

They were all so cute. Shannon had her daughter Casey, Raquel had Rosa, and Calista had Samantha. Nora Mathers had Britney while Stephanie Mathers had Jill. Veronica was Kylie's daughter, Pita was Mrs. Santiago's, and April was Kaylani's daughter. Just so many cute babies.

But now it was my turn.

Which was why I was outside, staring up at the stars. I had come from up there. Somewhere. I didn't ever want to go back, but I did need to divide. I had to reproduce. Mitosis was how it worked. There would be two of me in a moment.

The division started. I felt my body splitting in half. I trembled as my mind divided. I didn't feel any different as the two halves of me came apart. I suddenly had the normal mass when I had arrived. I was no longer pregnant.

And New-Ruru stood before me. She looked down at her, wearing Shannon's appearance with Morgan's pigtails. I smiled. She smiled back. We were the same, but from this point on, we would be different. Have new experiences and become new people. 

Have fun out there, I said.

Have fun with them, New-Ruru said. I'm sure I'll pop by from time to time, but there's so much of this world to see.

Already, the differences were showing.

In fact, New-Ruru said, I think I'll check up on Lieutenant Seabrook. I hear that she quit the military.

Well, she is still looking for aliens, I said. 

Right! New-Ruru quivered, her pink body jiggling. Maybe we can have fun. I'll keep in touch.

Good luck!

She turned and headed off to play in the world. But I was happy here with my best friend Shannon and her family. I was in such a good mood. I hummed as I headed back inside to see all the babies again.

I was so glad that I fell onto this world. It was amazing to be free of my prison. 

The END
