                                         Roman Orgy 2
                                        By Lust 4 Life

This is a sequel to Roman Orgy and the adventures of Adrienne, a member of the 
pleasure staff at House of Venus. In this installment, a kinky lady client wants to watch 
one of the house studs fuck one of the girls at the peak of her fertility so she can watch 
what may be an actual impregnation.

Background

Time passed with Adrienne servicing clients every evening and along with other girls, 
providing entertainment at various parties and orgies. Claudius also spent time between 
her legs a couple of time per month, ensuring quality control and that the girls give good 
pleasure. And of course the inevitable eventually happened: she missed her period, 
began to feel nauseous in the mornings, and soon her belly began to swell with new life  
the child of one of the many men who had pumped their sperm into her pussy. There was 
of course no way to know who the father was, which pair of testicles had provided the 
lucky sperm that had penetrated her egg. Not when she was taking on several men each 
night. Like the other pregnant girls, she still spent her evenings in the reception lounge, 
allowing the clients to see for themselves that the women of the House of Venus were not 
only available for their pleasure, but were also fertile. As she began to show, the number 
of men interested in fucking her diminished  some men were attracted to the obvious 
fertility of her swelling belly, but the majority preferred to empty their seed in a woman 
who might swell with their child.

Adrienne would watch the men come in, look over the scantily clad women, some rolling 
their hips seductively, and eventually make their selections. Adrienne would watch the 
women leading the man back to their quarters where she knew that soon the men had 
their erect penises buried in the womens wet vaginas, thrusting back and forth in the 
ancient act of procreation, the couple gasping in the throes of sexual delight, until finally 
the man ejaculated his sperm into the woman, coating her insides with his sticky seed. 
Eventually the couple would return to the lounge, the man with a satisfied smile on his 
face, and Adrienne knew, the woman, even if she had douched, still carrying some of his 
seed inside her.

Eventually her time came and she bore her child. She spent the first two months with the 
child, but eventually it was time to return to work. Now she spent her days with her child, 
but returned to her work as a pleasure girl, a whore, in the evenings. Once again she spent 
her evenings in the lounge, available for the men to select. And once again, she would 
lead men back to her room to fuck, to take their hard cocks in her pussy and fuck them 
until they emptied their loads in her, once again fertile pussy. She was again playing 
sperm roulette, and knew that it was only a matter of time until she again became 
pregnant. She did try to reduce her chance of pregnancy by trying to take on multiple 
customers per evening during part of her cycle so she could avoid having to take a man 
during the peak of her fertility each month. But with each man that she took back to her 
room, she wondered, Is this going to be the father of my next child? As she caressed 
his balls she wondered, Are these the balls that will make me pregnant? And as she felt 
her partner thrusting in her, nearing his orgasm, she often wondered, Will this be the 
spurt that does it? She wondered these things, but not with worry. She had long ago 
resigned herself to her fate as a whore and given herself over to enjoying the physical 
pleasure of sex, the thrill of knowing she was turning her men on, making them hot with 
desire for her body.

Kinky Clients

Most of the clients at the House of Venus were men who had come to fuck one of the 
women. However, the House of Venus catered to a broader range of clientele. There were 
men who came for sex with some of the house studs, and there were women who came 
for sex either with the house studs or with the women. Adrienne had enjoyed several 
sessions servicing some of these women. Some of the women came to the women of the 
House of Venus because they preferred women, or because they wanted to experiment or 
broaden their horizons, try something different. Others came because while they might 
prefer men, they did not want to risk pregnancy.

But there were a few kinky women who feared pregnancy, but could afford to be a bit 
more extravagant. Michelle was one of these. When Michelle arrived, she explained to 
the hostess that she was not looking for a single partner for herself. She wanted 4 people 
for the night, 2 men and 2 women. She would pick the two men and one of the women 
herself, but she needed some help with the choice of the second woman. She wanted a 
woman who was mid-cycle, at her most fertile. The hostess pointed out 3 women who 
were in their fertile time, one of whom was Adrienne. After a moment of thought, 
Michelle selected Adrienne. Adrienne had not been planning on taking any customers 
tonight exactly because she was at the peak of her fertility for the month, but now she had 
no choice, the customer had selected her explicitly to take a load of cum at the peak of 
her fertility. Michelle then selected one other woman, Clarisse, and then they moved over 
to the mens lounge where she selected two men, Anthony and Miguel.

Now Michelle explained what she wanted. She wanted Clarisse and Anthony to play with 
her, while Miguel and Adrienne played and eventually fucked. Much as she would like a 
cock in her pussy, Michelle did not want to risk pregnancy, so Clarisse would eat her to 
orgasm. Michelle would get the pleasure of getting a man off and feeling him coming, by 
sucking Anthony off while Clarisse was eating her. However, fucking was a big turn on 
for Clarisse, as well as the risk of pregnancy. Which was why she wanted Adrienne and 
Miguel to fuck  she wanted to watch a fertile couple mating, to see a man shooting his 
sperm into a fertile woman, possibly making her pregnant.

At one level this was just a routine part of their work for both Adrienne and Miguel, just 
another paid fuck. But it would be with someone they each saw everyday. It would also 
be with a high chance of pregnancy. And it would be with a good looking partner. 
Sometimes Miguel had to fuck some less than exciting older ladies, and other times men 
(even though he was by nature heterosexual). And of course Adriennes partners came in 
all sizes and shapes. So, she was resigned to (and often enjoyed) regular sex, but this time 
she could at least look forward to an exciting partner who as a professional, was likely to 
satisfy her. And Miguel often lusted after the good looking women of the House of 
Venus, but their charms were usually reserved for the clients. Miguel was delighted at the 
prospect not only of fucking this hot woman, but of doing so knowing she was at the peak 
of fertility, ready for his sperm to do its job inside her body.

The hostess led the 5-some to a special party room, where she left them to enjoy 
themselves. Michelle asked that first the 2 hired women strip for herself and the men, 
then the men were to strip, and lastly she would strip. Adrienne and Clarisse rose and 
began to sway and undulate while showing their legs through the slits of their flowing 
robes. She noticed Michelle snuggling in between the two men, one hand in each mans 
crotch while they were gently massaging her breasts. The two dancers began to remove 
their robes, first opening them, revealing glimpses, then removing them completely but 
holding them in front, hiding their breasts and pussies, tantalizing their audiences. She 
could see the appreciative looks in the eyes of the three on-lookers and heard Michelle 
talking to Miguel, Doesnt she look hot? Arent you going to enjoying fucking that hot 
little whore? She looks like she really needs your hot cock up inside her. Shes mid-cycle 
and fertile. Does it turn you on to know you have a good chance of knocking her up when 
you shoot your sperm inside her? Adrienne felt herself getting wet and blushing a bit as 
Michelle spoke to Miguel. She also saw the bulge in Miguels robe and the look of lust 
on his face as he watched her body. Since they both worked in the House of Venus, 
Adrienne knew Miguel. She had never had sex with him, but they knew each other. And 
now seeing the bulge in his tunic, Adrienne knew he was enjoying the view of her naked 
body and the anticipation that he was soon going to be fucking her.

Adrienne bent over, wiggling her ass and bare pussy at her audience, and now turning 
around, tossed her robe aside, revealing herself completely to her audience. Clarisse also 
tossed her robe aside, but for now, Adrienne was really the center of attention. She 
cupped her breasts for her audience, then ran her hands down her body before returning 
to her pussy. She ran a finger along her slit, and then let it slide inside. She moaned at her 
own touch as she worked her finger around inside. Then she withdrew it, first showing 
how wet it was, then licking it off. Now Michelle beckoned Adrienne with a finger, 
Come, let the men feel you body, how smooth and soft it is, and how wet and eager you 
are for a hard cock, for a good fucking.

Adrienne wiggled over to the seated trio, and straddling Anthony, shoved her tits in his 
face. She could feel his straining hardness through his robe as she wiggled her pussy in 
his lap. First he buried his face between her breasts, then reached up and grabbed one in 
each hand as he sucked first, one, then the other. Now she rolled across Michelle who 
briefly slipped a finger into Adriennes wet pussy, and straddled Miguel. Are you going 
to fuck me Miguel? Are you going to stick that big cock in my pussy? she asked as she 
ground on him. Mm-m-m, you bet Miguel answered, savoring first the sight, then the 
feel of her naked body, the naked body he would soon get to possess.

Now it was the mens turn. Michelle asked the men to stand and strip for the ladies. She 
asked Clarisse to start eating her, while Adrienne and Michelle watched the men. 
Michelle spread her legs and lifted her skirt enough to give Clarisse access and then 
settled back while the men began their strip. Adrienne could see distinct bulges in the 
robes of both men, they were already turned on by the sight of the two women stripping, 
and the comments of Michelle. And Michelle kept up her banter while the men slowly 
removed their clothing, teasing the women. Michelle was talking now to Adrienne, 
Wow, arent they hunks? Look at the muscles on those guys. And look at that tight ass, 
good for driving a hard cock into a wet pussy, eh? Michelles comments were 
punctuated by moans as Clarisse did her job, and Michelle kept squirming her hips as she 
enjoyed the tongue lashing she was getting. Eventually the men were both naked. Wow, 
look at those potent cocks and big cum filled balls she said. Now she beckoned the 
naked men over. She left Anthony waiting and slid her mouth over Miguels erect cock 
making him gasp. She cupped his balls. Then she turned to Adrienne and said, Soon this 
is going to be inside you, fucking you. This cock is going to shoot sperm from these balls 
into you, and maybe make you pregnant. Here, why dont you take a few licks, get to 
know him.

Now she turned to Anthony and cupping his balls, said, And dont worry handsome, Im 
gonna take care of you, make sure you get off as well. Just watch. With that, Michelle 
stood up and moved in front of the other 4 naked people. Now she began to strip, saying, 
Oh, I am so horny. Clarisse dear, you have been doing a wonderful job. Oh I cant wait 
to feel Anthony cumming in my mouth, to taste his hot cum and to know that Adrienne 
and Miguel are enjoying each other, mating without inhibitions. Soon she too was naked.

During Michelles strip, Adrienne gently fondled Miguel, stroking his hard cock, running 
her fingers over his balls, while he was massaging her breasts and slipping a finger into 
her wet cunt, making her squirm. Miguel was delighted, proud of his large, hard cock, 
mesmerized by Adriennes hot body and wonderful touch, and eagerly anticipating 
fucking her. Adrienne knew that she didnt really have any say about participating in this, 
and that Michelle was the customer and was paying a lot of money for this scene, so they 
all needed to act their parts, play their roles with enthusiasm. Michelle slowly removed 
her clothes, asking Anthony and Miguel if they like her body, if it turned them on.

As Michelle finished her strip, Adrienne knew they are approaching the main events. 
Michelle came over, rubbing her naked body against the others, fondling each of the 
others, urging them to run their hands over each other and her. Finally she said, Alright, 
I want to see Adrienne and Miguel fucking. Adrienne lay down please and spread your 
legs. Adrienne did as asked, spreading her legs wide, revealing her naked pussy for all to 
see. Ooh! I cant wait Adrienne said, playing her part. His cock is so beautiful. I cant 
wait to feel it inside me, fucking me. And those big, full balls. Im so horny. I want to 
drain all of his seed from those balls.

Michelle slipped a finger into Adriennes wet hole. Oh my! She is sure wet for you she 
said to Miguel. I think she cant wait to feel that cock of yours up inside her. Here, slip 
your finger in, what do you think? Adrienne felt Michelles finger replaced by Miguels 
somewhat thicker finger as he again slipped it up inside her. And Adrienne, Miguel 
certainly looks like he is ready to fuck you. Look how hard that cock of his is, eager and 
ready for your hot pussy. And those balls, all tight in their sack, ready to release his seed 
for you. Ooh, I can feel him pulsing in my hand, his staff of life. Here, let me lead him to 
you, help join you two together. With that she gently pulled on Miguels cock, leading 
him between Adriennes legs, and then bringing the head down to Adriennes pussy until 
their genitals made first contact. They both gasped a bit and Michelle began to rub the 
head up and down, opening Michelles labia, moistening Miguels cock head with 
Adriennes lubrication. Oh come on stud Adrienne said, Fuck me good! Knock me up 
with that big cock of yours! Im fertile and just dying for your load right up inside my 
pussy where it will do the most good!

Both Adrienne and Miguel knew this was it, the moment he would begin the mating, 
likely leading to her impregnation with his child. Both were completely aroused, their 
bodies stimulated and ready for the reproductive act leading to the deposit of his seed 
inside her fertile womb. Oh, Im gonna love fucking your hot pussy and shooting my 
cum in your hot snatch Miguel said.

Go ahead. Put it in her, fuck her stud. Knock her up, she is ready for you Michelle 
urged. With that, Adrienne felt Miguels cock start to slip into her pussy. She was indeed 
very wet and he slid in easily. He continued to slide into her until she felt the head of his 
cock bump against her cervix, positioned to spray the opening to her womb with his 
sperm. She tightened her vaginal muscles, enjoying the feeling of them gripping his shaft 
and making him groan in delight.

Now she felt Miguel start to move inside her, sliding out, then back in. She pulled her 
legs back, allowing him deeper penetration, and wrapped them around him. Looking over 
she could see Michelle watching them as she stroked Anthonys cock. She knew Michelle 
could see Miguels cock sliding into her pussy, his balls bumping her ass on each stroke. 
Is this what you wanted to see? A hard cock in a fertile hot pussy? Then Miguel adds, 
Oh yeah! Her pussy feels so good, gripping my cock. Oh, Im gonna shoot a big load in 
her and knock her up good.

Adrienne concentrated on the feeling of Miguels cock pounding in her pussy. She knew 
she was open, fertile, and likely to conceive her second child today when Miguel cums in 
her, but there was not really much she can do about that. The waves of pleasure began to 
build as Miguel continued to fuck her, she began to moan and gasp as the pleasure 
mounted, Oh yes! Yes! Oh your hard cock feels so good, filling me, stretching me. Oh 
yes, pound that cock in my pussy! She was fucking back now, driving her pussy up to 
meet Miguels thrusts. Michelle had started sucking on Anthony, bobbing her head up 
and down on his cock while she ran her fingers over his balls, while playing with herself 
with her other hand. Now she told Adrienne, Play with his balls. Feel the balls that are 
preparing your baby for you. Adrienne did as ordered, reaching around and feeling 
Miguels testicles, eliciting a groan of pleasure from him, accompanied by an increase in 
his thrusting. She could also feel his cock, slick with her juices, sliding in and out of her.

Adrienne can feel Miguels body tensing as he gets closer to his climax. Oh, your pussy 
feels so good, squeezing my cock. And your fingers on my balls, oh. Oh I want to cum in 
you, fill you with my cum and knock you up. His words send spasms through Adrienne 
who is now bucking frantically on Miguels cock, trying to reach her peak, knowing that 
this is likely to send Miguel over the edge as well, likely to make him spurt his seed into 
her fertile womb. Now Michelle says, Ooh, it sounds like he is getting ready to cum in 
you, getting ready to impregnate you. I want to feel it, experience this. I want to feel him 
cuming inside you, shooting his semen into you. With that, Michelle leaves Anthony 
and moves over next to Miguel and Adrienne where she can massage Miguels balls.

Adrienne feels Miguels penis start swelling in her pussy in preparation for ejaculation 
and can feel Michelles fingers brushing her pussy as she plays with Miguels balls. The 
feelings in her pussy are getting stronger as she feels the head of Miguels penis bumping 
her cervix and she feels her pussy getting still wetter, soaking Miguels cock with her 
lubrication, her lust. She is driving onto Miguel, grinding her pubic bone against him on 
every thrust as she feels the sensation building. She is almost there, and then it washes 
over her. Her pussy spasms and grips Miguels cock, her body bucking in orgasm. She 
cries out as the pleasure in her pussy consumes her consciousness. Miguel can feel her 
pussy spasming on his cock, her body shaking in orgasm under him and thinks, Yes, 
now, now I can fill her, spray her insides with my juice.

In the distance she can hear Michelle whispering to Miguel, Thats it, youve made her 
cum on your cock. Its your turn now. Let it go, pump your sperm into her. Impregnate 
the little whore, shes ready for you. Miguel begins to grunt, Ah! Almost there, Im 
about to come! They both know Miguel is just a few strokes away from releasing his 
potent seed inside Adriennes receptive body, a few strokes from impregnating her. 
Adrienne can feel his cock swell even more as he continues to pound into her and then 
she feels it pulse heavily inside her at the same time as Miguel moans, Ah! Im coming! 
Im making you pregnant!. She can feel him pulsing inside her now as his penis pumps 
his life creating semen into her fertile pussy. She can feel the spreading warmth of his 
cum as Michelle whispers, Thats it! Cum in her good! Fill her up with your cum! Plant 
your seed in her and knock her up! Empty those balls in her pussy! Miguel holds himself 
deep inside her, the head of his penis pushed up against her cervix as he empties himself 
in her, coating her insides with his cum. Finally he finished but stays inside her for a few 
moments, enjoying the aftershocks. Adrienne can feel him spasm inside her periodically 
as his penis tries to push the last few drops into her. Finally he falls away from her with a 
satisfied groan, having planted his seat.

Michelle immediately pounces on his dick, taking it her mouth, tasting the mingled juices 
from the lovers, Adriennes pussy juice lubrication, Miguels sperm. She licks his cock 
and balls clean, eliciting moans of pleasure from Miguel. Once she is done, Michelle 
turns to Adrienne and says, I want to feel his sperm in you. She slips a finger up inside 
Adriennes cunt and then pulls it out, sniffing it. Oh, yeah, I can smell your pussy and I 
can smell that a man has just left his cum inside you! she exclaims with a wicked look. 
Here, taste it, you and Miguel mingled together. Adrienne takes the proffered finger 
and licks it clean, tasting her own pussy juice and that of Miguels sperm.

Meanwhile Michelle turned her attention back to Anthony saying, Now I want to make a 
man cum for me! With that she got on her knees between his legs and began licking his 
hard dick and nibbling at his balls. Clarisse gets behind Michelle and begins licking her 
exposed cunt. Michelle moans in pleasure as Clarisse licks her excited cunt while she is 
sucking Anthonys hard dick and massaging his balls. Both Anthony and Clarisse are 
moaning as their pleasure builds. Michelle is pushing back on Clarisses face, feeling her 
orgasm building but she feels Anthonys excitement growing as well, his cock getting 
harder in her mouth, his body tensing as he gasps and groans with his approaching 
orgasm. Michelle knows she is coating Clarisses face with her pussy juice and at the 
same time can taste pre-cum leaking from the tip of Anthonys excited cock. She knows 
he is about to cum in her mouth, shoot the sperm from his balls, just like Miguel recently 
shot his sperm in Adriennes fertile pussy.

Michelle can tell that Anthony is right on the brink, his hips thrusting uncontrollably. She 
too is almost there, enjoying the physical sensations from Clarisse, but also enjoying 
knowing that she is about to make a man cum for her. Now she feels Anthonys cock 
grow still harder and larger as he moans, Ah! Oh! Im about to cum! Oh its building 
up! She tastes more of his pre-cum leaking into her mouth, as she continued to fondle 
his balls as she bobs her head on his cock. Suddenly his cock jerks in her mouth as he 
yells, Oh fuck! Im coming! The first massive jet of cum shoots into her mouth hitting 
the back of her throat. Now she feels his cock pulsing as it shoots jet after jet of his 
semen into her mouth. She swallows some, but it runs out of her mouth and down over 
her chin. She pulls the still pulsing cock from her mouth, rubbing it over her face, her 
cheeks, and down over her breasts as the sensations between her legs suddenly increase 
until she screams in orgasm of her own, pushing back hard against Clarisse as her pussy 
shudders in climax. Finally she collapses, her face smeared with Anthonys cum, 
Clarisse face smeared with Michelles pussy juice, and of course, Adriennes pussy 
filled with Miguels hot sperm.

Eventually the revelers cleaned themselves up. Michelle left, a satisfied customer while 
the other four headed off to their rooms for sleep. Michelle continued to take customers, 
spreading her legs and fucking them, but when she was late for her period and once again 
began to feel nauseous in the mornings, she wondered if this time she knew who the 
father was, if Miguel had made her pregnant with his load of cum during her peak 
fertility time. She could of course never be sure, but she could suspect.

