Becca Takes Her Hands Off The Wheel 
by ratios 

Part 10:

Putting one foot in front of the other became my sole focus in life.


Keep your eyes on the ground. Don’t look up. If you can’t see strangers seeing every inch of you, you can’t feel shame so hard it makes you want to curl up into a ball on the ground and cum until you’re unconscious.


The beams of a pair of powerful LED headlights from a passing car burned towards me like the rays of an angry sun and I reflexively squeezed my eyes shut to block them out. Walking in blindness for several steps had the unfortunate side effect of breaking my visual focus on the repetitive shuffling of my feet, allowing my imagination, fueled by rampant horniness, to immediately seize the wheel.


Who might be driving the car that was fully illuminating my nude form in all of its glory? The dean of my university, ready to expel me? My furious parents, ready to disown me? Father Johnathan, the kindly priest who had baptized me nearly two decades prior and had preached to our congregation back home ever since, ready to excommunicate me?


Imagining the look of shock on Father Jonathan’s face as he drove past me in my fantasy caused a hitch in my step and so I stopped walking temporarily. For reasons I couldn’t explain, I planted my feet apart much wider than they needed to be and blindly waited for the car to approach. In my mind, my elderly town priest was behind the wheel, so enchanted by the sight of my naked body that he would surely veer off of the road and crash into a ditch in his distraction. Me, the devil temptress, my nude body acting as my siren song, causing good men to crash upon the rocks around me. The thought caused me to go weak in the knees and I knew I had to stop myself from fantasizing further.


Forcing my eyes open, I distracted myself by looking towards the road to find the car and its industrial strength headlights had passed me by, its high beams moving on to shine on any other, more preferable naked women who might be wandering around further down the road behind me. The vehicle didn’t even pause in its journey; a honk and a shrill whistle out the window being the only legacy it left behind.


No angry or disappointed adults. No martyrs sacrificing themselves upon the altar of my sinful body. Not so much as a slow-down-and-stare.


The thought came unbidden to mind: Some people are so boring.


A nervous giggle escaped from my mouth at the inappropriate thought and I felt myself stand up just a little taller. Realizing I was still standing there, presenting myself to an unknown driver that was now long gone, I glanced at the grinning faces of the women around me and forced myself to resume my walk of shame, returning my focus to my feet once again.


Without having to discuss it verbally, the ladies had formed a loose diamond around me, each paying attention in a different outward direction, all ready for action in case trouble should approach their vulnerable, naked friend. Had I noticed at the time, I’m sure I would have been greatly appreciative and felt much safer in my nudity, but I was a bit distracted at the time and didn’t recognize their protectiveness until I looked back on the night later. A bit of distraction was perfectly understandable given my situation, I feel, so I didn’t beat myself up about not giving my whole attention to outward situation awareness at the time.


One foot in front of the other. Step by step. Just keep moving. Every step is a step towards being done with all of this. Whatever you do, make sure that you ignore the rhythmic squishing sound of your damp thighs pressing against each other every step.


Right. *Squish* Left. *Squash*


…


Holy fuck, I need to cum again!


Grimacing, and in need of a release I couldn’t possibly achieve in the middle of a city street, I decided to count my steps instead. Anything to avoid thinking about where I was and what I was doing. I did pretty well for myself, too, I would say, and got as high as one hundred and eighty six before the world intervened to steal my serenity once again.


“Nice tits! Wanna see what I’m packing?”


The unexpected shout pulled me back to reality in an instant and it only took a second to find the source: an older scruffy looking guy, laughing and walking in the other direction on the opposite side of the street. The presumptive shouter had his hips thrust out and he was groping the crotch of his pants in my direction. Having stopped in place to stare at him, I wondered how I was supposed to respond to his entreaty. That’s when he started walking towards us, his hand still on the bulge in his pants.


Suddenly, there were hands on my shoulders as Sasha and Deeta urged me forward, away from the aggressive guy. Nicky and Monique lagged behind to shout reprimands and curses back at him, ensuring that he didn’t follow us, and their language made me blush; a hard feat considering my otherwise situation. A few seconds later, the ladies guiding me and I had rounded a corner and, twenty seconds later, the other two caught up. We continued moving quickly down the street, presumably keeping a faster pace than before to get us further away from the man, while I processed my first catcalling.


“Don’t worry, Bex. We’ll be off the street soon. Don’t let Dick-For-Brains back there kill your nudie vibe.”


Deeta’s reassurances weren’t exactly necessary. My body’s reaction to the brief interaction with the man was completely unexpected… and not entirely negative. Deep down I realized that I kind of wish we had stuck around so that he could say more to me. Call out my nudity further and verbally humiliate me for it. Let me know how much of a stupid slut he thought I was. Comment on my body like it was an object for his entertainment. Cross the street, shove me down, and show me what I was worth, whether I wanted him to or not.


That last thought triggered some alarm bells in my mind and I quickly shook myself out of my fantasies again. Thinking back on Nicky and I at the restaurant, I seriously wondered if my brain, or at least the sensible part of it, really was shutting down over time as more and more of my energy was funneled towards my needy pussy.


In the last ten minutes I’ve imagined a priest getting into a car accident staring at me naked and having a scummy guy off the street force himself on me. Yeah, my brain is definitely in Stupid Horny Overdrive mode.


Something had to be done, and there wasn’t much I could do about it while on the street like this. Biting my lip, I decided to ask for help. The thought of doing so made my need grow even more.


“Um… Ladies?”


The group slowed down a bit and then Deeta pulled us off the sidewalk into the door alcove of a closed shop. Everybody looked at me expectantly and so I looked at the floor.


“You alright, Becca?,” Nicky asked, concerned.


“Funny you should ask that,” I replied nervously. “I, uh, think you might have been right earlier… You know, in the bathroom at the bar before you got me off?”


When Nicky’s gaze immediately flickered to the confused faces of the other women in the group, I recalled the last thing that she had said to me before leaving me alone in said bathroom. We were never supposed to talk about this again. As realization of what I had just said dawned on me, Monique started laughing, Deeta pointed and shouted, “HA,” and Sasha covered her open, surprised mouth.


Literally face palming, Nicky stood there shaking her head at nobody in particular. “Becca…,” she chided in a tired voice.


“Oh, shit. I mean, before I got myself off,” I attempted to back pedal, feeling awful, but the group was not having it. Nicky and my reactions to my foolish words were too telling for me to put this particular cat back into the bag.


Giggling giddily and literally bouncing up and down in place with excitement, Deeta grabbed Nicky’s arm. “I didn’t know you were bi! Howd’ja do it? Clit flicking? A bit of ‘come here’ for the ole G-spot? Did you bend her over? C’mon, spill it, sister.”


Pulling Deeta away from Nicky, I held my Indian friend in place to stop her exuberant wiggling and hastily tried to perform some damage control.


“No, no, no! It wasn’t like that. It was detached and depersonalized. Like she was an ER doctor and I was a patient suffering from, like… acute orgasm withdrawal or something. She only fingered me long enough for me to cum on her hand once because I was being dumb.”


“BECCA! Stop talking!,” Nicky shouted in exasperation.


“O M G, that’s so hot!,” Deeta laughed, waggling her eyebrows and adding, “You know, Nicky. I’m feeling a bit pent-up, myself, if your clinic is still open.”


“Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up. This is what I get for being a good friend.” Nicky just rolled her eyes at all of us and turned around and stood there with her arms crossed.


“A really good friend, you mean,” Monique teased.


This earned Monique an over-the-shoulder raspberry from Nicky. At this point, Sasha, having regained her composure, put a hand on my arm and, thankfully, came to my rescue.


“Becca, you presumably brought up your orgasm in the bathroom at the bar for a reason. Do you want to expand on that?”


Grateful for the not-really-a-change-of-subject, I sighed and made my ask.


“Sooo… Uh, in the bathroom at Speedway, Nicky theorized, in a completely platonic and friendly way that was in no way lesbianish-,” Nicky facepalmed again at this, “-that, uh, being really horny makes me stupid. Based on some thoughts I’ve had recently… and, now that I think about it, the fact that I’m walking down the street naked… I think that she might be right. Needing to, uh, get off too badly makes me an, uh, *gulp* a dumb slut.”


Seeing the shocked looks on everyone but Nicky’s faces, I quickly added, “Dumb slut in a not-bad way! Like, maybe I wanna be a dumb slut, or something? Not trying to attack myself...”


Crap. Had that come out wrong?


Then Deeta was hugging me tight enough to lose my grip on my skirt and shawl. The pressure of her clothed body against my naked one was enough to prevent my garments from falling back into place, however.


“Oh, Bex. You poor, confused girl…” she whispered to me.


Not knowing what to do with my arms, I kept them awkwardly at my sides for the first couple of seconds, and then just sort of patted her back after that. After a bit, she released me and stepped back and Monique spoke up.


“Sure, you’re naked on a public street, and, sure, your little kitty is drooling down your leg, and, sure, you’ve let us talk you out of almost all of your clothes through the night, but that doesn’t mean you’re stupid. Just really gullible, maybe,” she laughed.



“And deeply sexually repressed,” Sasha contributed.


“Definitely a closet exhibitionist, too,” Deeta chimed in. Watching me gather the material of my skirt and shawl behind me once again without having been told to do so, pulling them away from my body and ensuring that I continued to remain on full display, she giggled again and added, “Well, maybe not that closeted any more.”


Realizing what she had just watched me do, I wondered to myself why exactly I had done it and blushed once again, turning away from her, mumbling, “Uh, thanks, I guess…”


“And don’t worry about any of us slut-shaming you,” Monique continued. “Deeta’s been part of the group since Day One and we barely give her any shit at all for the fact that you can always see her thongs sticking out of her skinny jeans, or the way she flashes her tongue stud at other women in class, or the way-”


A playful shove from Deeta interrupted that thought. “What my entitled friend is vainly trying to shout down from the top of her oh-so-tall ivory tower is that we don’t judge here.”


Shoving back at Deeta, Monique kept most of her attention on me. “Right, no judgment. Maybe a teeeeensy bit of teasing, but that’s all.”


Deeta snorted at the emphasis on the word teensy but didn’t comment further. Sasha was nodding along but was silent during this discussion. Nicky had turned around and was still avoiding eye contact with me, but looked a little calmer now that the conversation had shifted away from my mistaken reveal about the fact that she had diddled me.


No judgment from my friends. Well, that was reassuring at least, but I realized that I had not gotten my original point across very well. A deep breath and clarification was necessary here. I couldn’t believe what I was about to request, but my yearning was too great to not ask for it.


“I appreciate the acceptance but, uh, that kind of wasn’t my point. What I meant to say was…” Gulping, I squished my slicked thighs together and forced myself to continue. “I’m horny, I'm desperate, and I’m imagining some crazy stuff. I think I really, really need to cum. Like, real soon, before I do something really stupid.”


The shoving match between Monique and Deeta stopped and everyone, including Nicky, turned to look at me once again. Waving everyone back from me, Deeta stepped directly in front of me smiling and loudly stated, “I volunteer as tribute!”


Everyone in the group except me began to laugh as I felt myself turning tomato colored at the statement.


“NO!,” I shouted, maybe a little too forcefully, as Deeta actually took a step back and stopped laughing. Quickly clarifying, I continued, “I mean, I don’t need help this time. I just need a little privacy, maybe.”


Nodding to herself, Deeta clapped and announced, “Okay, team! New plan - it’s the same as the old plan, just slightly faster. Let’s go to the park!”


After finishing her cryptic statement, she grabbed my hand and started walking down the street again, now at an even quicker pace. The rest of the group formed up around me again and we made several quick turns down dark streets until we hit the edge of Vanderbilt Park, the large green space that ran a several city block wide corridor between the river and the town for a couple of miles. The park would be closed now, as it was after sunset, but I could still see the paths inside were well-lit.


“The plan was always to go through the park to get back to ‘Nique’s. I figure there’s less cops and less traffic in there, so Nature Girl gets to be naked for longer, but it’s less risky overall.”


Still pulling on my hand, she led us into the park at a fast walk, zigging and zagging down a few of the concrete walking trails, constantly glancing around as if looking for something in particular.


Being naked in the park felt… different somehow. In town, my nudity was at constant risk of discovery by the general public. That knowledge of that risk made the experience far more stressful, but also made me constantly aware of my humiliating situation, and thus kept me.. well, I’ll just call it drippy down below.


Here in the park, hours after dark, there were probably no other people around at all, and thus the pressure of potentially being seen (at least by anyone who hadn’t been seeing me in my ever more revealed state) was lessened. Wandering in the quiet amongst the plants and trees, my nakedness just felt more… natural? Tranquil, even. Like, my nudity was at home here. As if I could forget that clothes were ever an option.


There were tall trees, covered in vines. Grass growing up to waist height off the sides of the path in places. The air felt damn, and earthy, and alive. We passed sweet smelling bushes covered in little white flowers. Was that honeysuckle? Or was honeysuckle just the only flowering bush name I knew? Didn’t matter. It was honeysuckle in my mind and I began to feel like I was one with the forest.


Breathing deep, smiling and calm for the first time in quite a while, I embraced my newfound serenity for a peaceful few minutes as we silently made our way through the park, following Deeta’s hurried pace. Then, we arrived at our destination.


The clearing we stopped in was back off the main concrete walkway a ways and, to get to it, we had to divert down a narrow path made only of dirt that squished between my toes and gave me slight background anxiety of how filthy I was going to be after this… whatever this evening had been, was over. The thought struck me that fearing dirt wasn’t very one-with-nature of me, so I pushed the worry aside.


On one side of the small, grassy space was a dilapidated wooden gazebo, covered in spray painted graffiti, with holes in its roof. On the other side, there was a curved-back wooden bench supported by two thick metal poles that stuck into the ground. The entirety of the clearing was hidden from the main path to the point that none of the light from the well spaced lamps in the park reached us. If not for the nearly full moon and clear sky, we probably wouldn’t have been able to see each other, though we were all only an arm’s length apart.


“Tada!,” announced Deeta, holding her arms out wide and spinning around.


The rest of us looked around in confusion, then at each other, then finally at Deeta.


“Huh?,” Monique asked, mirroring the rest of our thoughts.


“Bex wanted privacy, right? Well, here we go. This super hot goth chick I met at the beginning of the semester brought me here to get high and do other things-,” she said this part huskily and winked at me, “-a few times and we never saw another soul. I figure it’s a perfect spot for B to get that O she’s chasing.”


Oh. Right.


I had asked to be given an opportunity to masturbate.


The idea of vocalizing such a naughty request to multiple other people felt so foreign to me now, though I recalled having been desperate enough to make the plea only ten scant minutes prior. Didn’t everyone else in the group know I was one with nature and at peace with the world now? Or maybe I had just lost enough horniness since I escaped the view of the public and stopped thinking about my nakedness that I was thinking slightly more lucidly and taking in my surroundings better. All I knew was that, at that moment, the need was gone, I was quickly drying out down below, and I wished that I had never spoken up.


Exiting my inner thoughts for a moment to take stock, I found the other four women looking at me intently. Deeta had pulled out her phone and flicked on her flashlight app, shining it on me and making me momentarily squint and hold up a hand to cover my eyes. Before I fully regained my sight, I felt my hand being taken in somebody else’s. Without seeing the person, I realized that I could tell that it was Deeta’s, completely by feel, and I wondered what to do with that knowledge. She pulled me forward and led me blindly through the dark, as I blinked to clear my spotty vision.


When we stopped, the shawl was gently pulled from around my neck until I no longer felt any contact with it. There was then gentle, but persistent tugging on one side of my skirt until it began to slide down my legs, falling to pool on the grass at my feet.


Having made the full transition from effectively nude to fully nude, I was bodily spun around and pushed backwards, leaving the skirt behind on the ground. After a couple of steps, the back of my knees hit something thin and cool, causing them to buckle, and then I found myself sitting on the wooden bench. The wood was cold, rough, and disturbingly sticky in spots. Knowing I would have a panic attack if I tried to consider what filth may have been layered on my seat over the years, and was now layering itself upon my bare skin, I steadfastly refused to think about it.


From behind the shining light of her phone, I heard Deeta say, “All right, horse: you’ve been led to water. Get your drink on.”


Squinting past Deeta’s phone light, I saw Nicky, Monique, and Sasha all watching me with looks of earnest curiosity on their faces. Trying to glimpse Deeta’s face, I couldn’t see past the bright light, but it was then that I noticed that there was a tiny red light next to the source of the beam that meant that the phone wasn’t actually in flashlight mode; it was in video recording mode.


Of course it was.


Then I realized: they all thought I wanted this, and they marveled at the spectacle in front of them. In a brief flash of clarity, I saw myself as the camera, and the women around me might. A wannabe-nudist, laid back on a filthy bench in the middle of a public park, surrounded and filmed by women that she respected, and whom they had respected up until a few hours ago. A crazy girl who had practically begged to be allowed to perform an extremely private, compromising action for their entertainment, and was now about to do so, on camera, just for kicks.


Never mind that I had actually been asking to be given privacy, not only from the public, but from my friends as well, to perform my shameful act. Never mind that I no longer felt as I had before. Never mind the fact that I thought I might be going insane with all the conflicting fears and desires in my head. They had an expectation of me, and I was nobody if not a person who catered to the whims of others.


It was the thought of giving in and masturbating for my friends, putting on the most humiliating display of my life, willingly and perhaps even enthusiastically degrading myself for their and my pleasure, that did it. I saw it in my head, knowing it would be recorded, knowing I wouldn’t be able to stop myself from watching it again and again when I touched myself in the future, reliving my debasement over and over. Just like that, the need was back.


I began to spread my legs.
