The Trailer Park: The Fifth Year: Part 1: Words And Music
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2007 by Wizard

Chapter 36

Coach Vickers blew his whistle and signaled the team over.

"Settle," he yelled as we formed a circle around him.

I was feeling good. It had been a good week. So far, no one had threatened to suspend or expel me. Dad gave me some funny looks. I think he was trying to decide if he had to say something about Tami and me, but in the end I guess he decided that Mom had handled it. Football practice had gone great and so had the play. It was Thursday. Maybe, just maybe, I would finally get the confrontation free week I'd been hoping for.

"I just have a couple of announcements, then you can take off. No game tomorrow, and we've looked real good this week, so I've decided to give you the day off."

The team cheered. It had been awhile since we'd had a Friday to ourselves. Robbie looked like she couldn't decide whether it was good news or bad till I clapped her on the back and she smiled.

"Next week, we have the first round of play-offs and we lucked out, we're at home.

The team cheered again.

"If we win..."

"When we win," Mark interrupted.

"When we win, we'll be at home for the quarter finals, too."

"Then the Tacoma Dome!" Mark yelled and that brought on another team cheer.

Coach Vickers was grinning as big as any of us. "Last, next week, Tony won't be with us on Monday and Thursday."

I won't?

"Some guys think they're special," Luke muttered.

I started to say something, but a sharp look from the coach silenced me. "Some guys are special," he said, getting right in Luke's face. "If he wasn't, you wouldn't be on this team right now."

Luke looked away from the coach, caught me looking at him, and looked down.

"And if any of the rest of you think Tony's getting special treatment," it might have been my imagination, but I thought he looked straight at Mike, "volunteer to give up twelve weeks of your free time to coach some kids and you can miss a few practices too."

Gymnastics. Tami and Robbie must have arranged it with the coach when they talked to him about getting me back on the team.

Friday was still peaceful. Not one teacher threatened me, though Mr. Singara gave me a dirty look on general principal.

That night Robbie and her dad, Tami, and I had dinner with the Bradleys.

I'd talked to Mr. Bradley a little before the concert, but now I had a chance to get to know him. He had a crude sense of humor, and I learned several new dirty jokes that could come in handy for settling pitchers during baseball season.

Betty and Jo spent most of the night in my lap, with both Tami and Robbie giving me satisfied looks. I promised myself that if either of them mentioned the words twins and harem in the same sentence, I'd spank.

Saturday I went with Gary and the team to Traci's gymnastics meet. Traci was having a pretty good year. She'd finished in the top six at every meet so far, but not yet in the top three.

Tami, Peter, and Kelly came along to cheer. Since Kelly was a level seven, she didn't compete until January.

The girls all had a pretty good meet, though not one stayed on the beam. Sixteen falls for twelve girls is not something to be proud of, but Gary said some days are just like that. Traci finished fourth all-around but took a first place on vault, which was going to have her dancing on the ceiling all weekend. The team came in third. Not bad, but they usually finished first or second.

"What's gotten into you? Tami asked as we walked around the park Sunday night. I was grinning at the stars.

"I did it."

"Did what?"

"A confrontation free week."

"Tony, I'm so proud of you." The sarcasm in her voice made me wonder about shipping a certain bad influence back to Tennessee.

"Think I can make it two?"

Tami smiled. "Go for broke, try for three."

I think we both knew a month was out of the question.


Chapter 37

"If you were grinning any harder, you'd hurt yourself," Tami said as I slipped into the seat beside her.

"Nothing wrong with being in a good mood," I said defensively, but my grin didn't slip. I checked the whiteboard in the front of the room, but Mr. Walker hadn't written anything, so it was business as usual.

Tami looked at me suspiciously. "What are you working on?"

"Nothing exciting. Just the grades list." The school paper printed a list of everyone with a three point or better at the end of the nine weeks.

Tami looked at me appraisingly. "Wouldn't happen to include the class standings too, would it?" she said after a minute.

"Well, yeah." We always included the top five students in each class.

"You wouldn't happen to be on it?" she asked, a smile starting to appear.

"I usually am," I said without false modesty. I was almost always in the top ten, and better than half the time, crept into the top half of that.

"Your best friend wouldn't happen to be on the list too?"

"She always is," I admitted. Robbie hadn't missed top five since she arrived.

Tami shook her head gently. You two wouldn't happen to be in alphabetical order for once?" I hadn't beaten Robbie in three years of trying.

"Now that you mention it."

Tami held out her hand, so I opened my notebook and handed her the list I'd gotten from the office. Tami scanned it. "Tony, number one. I don't believe it."

"It just proves what I've always said: school gets in the way of education." I'd been suspended for the first week and a half of the grading period and for the first time topped the list.

"I see Kelly Dubrey placed fifth," Tami said, handing back the list.

"If the school didn't make her take things besides math and science, nobody could beat her."

"You weren't planning on rubbing this in, were you?"

I put my hand over my heart. "I wasn't planning to say a word."

Tami cocked her head to the side and kept looking at me.

"Okay, the banners are ordered and the sky writer's scheduled for two."

"That's my Tony."

I shrugged.

"Just don't rub it in too hard. Knowing Robbie, you might not heal in time for the honeymoon."

I started to protest that the honeymoon was a year-and-a-half away, then remembered we were talking about Monster Girl.

"My boyfriend and my best friend, one and two on the class list. I feel positively stupid by comparison." Tami had placed fourteenth, which was about average for her.

"You have other talents," I leered.

"We'll assume you mean her writing," Mr. Walker said, standing over our table. I nodded quickly. "Back to work. We have a paper to get out."

As he walked to another table, I leaned back, my hands behind my head. "Last week was a good week, but this one's going to be even better."

Tami grinned. "Now you've done it. Maybe I shouldn't sit so close."

"Good job, Monster Girl," I said as we caught up to her in the lunch line. "Number two in the class."

Robbie smiled. "Who beat me? Toby Mather again?" Toby was the uberstudent. Not as smart as Kelly Dubrey, but good at every subject. Plus, he had no life.

"Nope, he's third."

"Kelly?" Robbie asked as she paid for her lunch.

"Fifth," I said with a straight face.

Robbie looked at me. "No, the world isn't that warped."

I just smiled.

"Ladies!" I yelled about medium loud.

Nobody paid any attention.

"Not like that," Stephy Ward said. "You got to do it like on the bus after a meet." She took a deep breath, "Get your butts over here!" she yelled at full volume.

The girls all stopped talking and came over in front of us and sat down.

"See?" Stephy said looking at me.

I patted her on the head, then looked at the group.

"For any of you who don't know me, I'm Tony Sims." There was some whispering back and forth, especially from the new girls. "This is Tami Sharp," I said indicating Tami. More whispers. "And you probably all know Stephy Ward," I added. "We're your assistant coaches." I noticed some of the looks that Stephy got and mentally recorded the lookers.

"Miss Calloway won't be here today. She broke a tooth on the mac and cheese." You've got to love cafeteria food.

"There are a couple of things you need to know about Stephy. She's a freshman. I know some of you are thinking 'she's only a year older' or 'she's only two years older', but you better understand right now that she IS your coach. If you don't treat her like that, you WILL deal with me or Miss Calloway. Just remember, we need Stephy more than we need any of you."

"Even me?" Kelly asked coyly.

"Especially you," I pretended to snap. I knew Kelly wouldn't be a problem and probably would be the captain of this mob.

"There are advantages," I continued. "Last year, the coaching staff was Miss Calloway, Tami, and me, with zero experience between us. This year, the three of us each have a year of experience and Stephy has about three times as much as all of us combined. She may not be able to spot you on some things some of you are bigger than she is but if you're smart, you'll listen when she talks."

I watched the faces I'd noticed before, and I think most of them got the message.

"Any questions so far?"

Susie Calloway raised her hand, and I nodded at her. "How come we aren't in the splits?" A couple of girls groaned.

I grinned. "That's a good question. Susie knows that we always do team meetings in the splits. The answer is, you aren't on the team yet.

"One thing we want to see on this team is support for each other. Last year we went to our first meet and did bad.

"Really bad.

"As we got back on the bus, almost every girl was ripping every other girl."

"He yelled at us," Kelly interrupted.

"A lot," Susie added.

I grinned. "But the team learned that when they worked together, we could make the impossible happen."

"We weren't last at districts," Traci said proudly.

"No, we weren't," I agreed. "And we aren't going to be this year. Basically it comes down to this: if you don't want to play nice, there's the door." I pointed at the door to the locker room.

"If you don't want to help your teammates, there's the door.

"If you don't want to work hard, there's the door.

"If you don't want to listen to Stephy, there's the door.

"If you don't want to listen to Tami, or me, or Miss Calloway, there's the door."

I gave them a few seconds to let it sink in. "But if you want to be on this team, get in your splits. Good side." Last year's gymnasts were sliding into their splits before I finished the last word. The others only a few seconds behind.

"We're not even going to bother learning your names today. If you come back tomorrow, then we'll work on it."

"Tony," Tami interrupted and nodded her head.

"Oh, I won't be back until Thursday, I've got football. But Traci and Kelly are both ticklish, and I'll get a full report."

Play practice was the smoothest ever. Everybody had their lines. I think even Robbie relaxed. At least as much as she could.

"No practice tomorrow or Wednesday," she said when we gathered at the end. "I think we all want to go see the competition. "Thursday, we'll do a dress rehearsal in the morning. Then..." she finished with a sigh.

I gave her a quick hug, and everybody started gathering their stuff.

"You think you're pretty smart."

I turned and saw Steve Reed, Darlene's stepfather standing at the foot of the stage, looking up at me.

I grinned. "Well, I hate to brag about my I.Q., but class standings just came out. You can check them." From the corner of my eye, I saw Robbie and Tami both stick their tongues out at me.

"You thought I'd never know," Reed said.

Definitely open-ended. There were a lot of things I didn't think he knew, but I wasn't going to be stupid enough to volunteer any of them.

"You forgot something," he said and held something in his hand.

I squinted against the glare of the footlights and realized it was a CD or DVD case. Then I recognized the cover. It was the amphitheater in Otter Park. The Live From Otter Park CD. Darlene and I were both on it.

"What are you doing with that?" Darlene demanded loudly. "It was in my room."

"It was in my house," he said simply, then looked back at me. "You thought you could go away with my daughter all summer and I wouldn't know."

"Stepdaughter," I clarified. "And it was only two weeks."

"Ex-stepdaughter," Darlene said stepping to the front of the stage. "I don't want anything more to do with you."

"You WILL NOT talk to me that way. Go get in the car."

"No."

"I'll..." He lifted his hand, though I didn't know what he was planning to do with it down there.

"You won't touch her," I said.

"Unless you want to go through me first," Robbie said, stepping to the edge of the stage.

"And me next," Tami added, standing beside her.

"She's coming home."

I looked at Darlene, and she shook her head.

"No, she isn't."

"You can't stop me."

I jumped off the stage and stepped in front of him. "I could break you in half if I had to."

"We'll see if you want to break the police in half." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a phone.

"Call them. Right now, I think Darlene would rather spend the night in jail than go home with you. And that's where they'll take her if she refuses to go. Out-of-control minor, I think they call it. But either way, she's not going with you."

We stared at each other silently for a minute.

"And if you want to push it, we'll have the petition filed before noon," Robbie added from the stage.

"Petition?" Reed asked.

"For emancipation."

"You can't possibly win that."

"Probably not." Just from the sound of her voice, I knew Robbie was grinning. "But before we're done, the whole county will know how you treat your family."

"Treat my family? I love them."

"Sure. Hey, Tony? Want to bet the little girls have a list of daily chores and Mike don't?"

I grinned at Reed. "Not a chance. I ain't throwing my money away."

Reed stared at me. Then Robbie. Then Darlene. Then back at me. After a minute he turned and stomped out.

I turned in time to see Darlene sob and walk toward the wings of the stage. I jumped back on the stage and pulled my phone from my jacket pocket, tossing it to Traci. "Better call Mom and tell her I'm bringing home strays again." Then I followed Darlene.

"You were right, I got cocky," I said later that night as Tami and I walked the park.

"See what happens when you tempt fate." Tami laid her head on my shoulder as we walked. "Where's Darlene?"

"Already asleep. She's in my bed, I'll get the couch."

"Did she talk to her mom?"

"For about ten minutes right after we got home. Then she said Reed started ranting in the background. I don't think she's going back anytime soon."

"Why is it my boyfriend keeps winding up with cheerleaders living in his house?"

I started to say, 'Just lucky I guess', but changed my mind. "Some knights rescue maidens and ride off into the sunset. I bring them home."


Chapter 38

"You've got a funny look on your face."

I'd just stepped out my front door to meet Tami. I kissed her, slipped my arm around her and my hand into her back pocket, and we started walking.

"I'm trying to decide whether to be insulted or not."

Tami giggled. "About what?"

"Mom and I were talking about Darlene, and she was saying that she was proud of me for bringing home strays, girls who need help."

"And that's insulting?"

"Then she added she'd be prouder if my strays weren't all female and cute."

Tami laughed. So how's Traci getting along with her roommate?"

I suppressed a grin and kept a straight face. "Darlene isn't living in Traci's room."

"She's not?" Tami asked in surprise. "You're still on the couch?"

"Nope. I'm back in my bed." I gave Tami a minute to process. She wouldn't get really jealous, not over Darlene, but there was a little...

"You mean your mom... ?

"Tami, my love, Darlene moved out this afternoon."

"She went home?"

"That's not happening. She moved in over at Robbie's. Robbie's dad said she could stay until she graduated college and not a day longer."

"Good. You think her dad will make trouble?"

"Stepdad," I corrected. "I think he'll make noises. Mr. Tate talked to a friend of his. He's a judge in family court in Seattle. It's not his jurisdiction, but he seemed to think that since Darlene has a good place to live and is a good student and everything, that if nothing else we could drown Reed in paperwork and stall till she turns eighteen in thirteen months."

"So she's never going home?"

"Never say never, but I'm not holding my breath. I can't see Reed changing, and I don't think Darlene's mom is going to stand up to him."

Tami nodded, and we walked in silence for a while. I knew Tami was worried about something, but I also knew she'd talk when she was ready. We were just finishing our third circuit when she asked, "What about her sisters?"

I sighed. It was a question that I'd thought about but didn't have a good answer for. "They'll probably get it worse than Darlene since they're growing up in it. But there's not much we can do unless they rebel like Darlene did. If that happens, Robbie's dad said they're welcome, but it probably won't happen. They're too young to realize they're second class citizens in that house."

"That's sad."

"That it is." We walked some more.

"Think we'll win?" she asked on the fifth circuit.

"The truth or the answer I'll give Robbie?"

"I'll take the truth, and that's what you'll give Robbie too."

"Probably, but she ain't gonna like it. I think we're gonna send Romeo and George to Seattle."

"Why? It was okay, but it wasn't that great."

I agreed. We'd seen the play last night. Carl Troutman had done a good job adapting a story he'd found on the internet, but the group he'd put together hadn't been the best actors. There were a lot of awkward pauses and mumbled dialog.

"The problem is the system. Everyone in school gets to vote, but less than half went to one play, let alone all three. Most of them will vote for a friend's group or whatever. Romeo and George will get a lot of votes just because of the idea of Romeo actually being hot for Juliet's brother."

"What about Detective?" she asked as we passed her house for the sixth time. We'd seen The Accidental Detective tonight after my football and her gymnastics.

"I think Leslie blew it."

"But it was good."

"It was great," I corrected. Leslie's play was much better staged than Carl's. And her actors hit all their marks. Leslie's timing for comedy was as good, maybe better than for drama. "Leslie did a fantastic job, but the play itself was a little too... too intellectual for high school. A lot of the jokes depended on actually knowing some history and current events."

Tami nodded. "I guess. There were times when Robbie, you, and I were laughing, but most of the audience just sat there."

I nodded.

"So, tomorrow?"

I shrugged. "Tomorrow we perform and do great, then lose. Or we blow it completely and lose. No one ever said high school was fair."

"Even with Parker gone," Tami agreed with a sigh.

"I've got a plan!" Tami announced as I tried to kiss her goodnight.

"I'm trying to kiss you here."

"This is more important. I've got a plan."

I shook my head. "So what's your plan?"

"We petition the school board to let the middle school vote too. Since we've got the only play with middle schoolers..."

"We win big time," I finished for her.

Tami nodded.

I kissed her hard for several seconds, then stepped back and bowed.

"Robbie would be so proud."


Chapter 39

"Are you in trouble?"

I'd been nuzzling Tami's neck as we walked. I kissed it and said, "Don't think so. Why?"

"Look."

I lifted my head, Tami was pointing toward my house. Robbie's little Rodrigo was parked in front, and Robbie was sitting on the hood.

"Should I make a break for it?"

Tami smiled evilly. "Nope, she's faster than you." I made a face. "And tackles harder."

For a few seconds I contemplated replacing Tami. A nice dumb blond. Judy Saunders was major cute. And she was smart enough to dress herself, but not much more. Life would be so much simpler. But I knew what Tami would say if I brought it up I'd be bored in ten minutes and unfortunately, Tami would be right.

Robbie hopped off her car as we approached. Watching her stand there waiting for us, I couldn't tell if I was in trouble or not. I reviewed the day and couldn't think of anything, aside from a crack about the number one student.

"Hi, Rob..."

In a heartbeat, Robbie was in my arms her lips mashed against mine.

"I guess you're not in trouble," I heard Tami say in an amused voice next to me as Robbie's tongue pushed deep into my mouth.

"It was so good," Robbie said when she finally came up for air.

Dress rehearsal had been a disaster. Peter stepped on Susie's toes three times, and at one point was reciting dialog from act three while the rest of us were rehearsing act one. I wasn't much better, though I didn't step on anyone's toes.

Mr. Reed had arranged for us to have the stage all day, so we were able to get a full run though before lunch, then work the scenes that Robbie was most worried about, then another full run though. The only catch had been springing some of our troop from the middle school, but Mr. Hallowell helped with that.

We finished at three-thirty. Tami and I drove Traci and Susie back to the middle school for gymnastics, Robbie headed for football, and Darlene for cheerleading. By five-thirty we were all back and getting the final preparations done. At least Mom dropped off a pizza to keep us from starving. I think Robbie forgot food existed.

The auditorium started to fill up about six-thirty and was SRO, standing-room-only, by seven, though we didn't start for another half an hour. It was almost like winning right there, since Romeo and George had only filled about three-quarters of the seats and The Accidental Detective about half.

"It's traditional that Tony says something," Robbie announced a couple minutes before curtain.

Traditional? Then I remembered last year when I'd threatened to have Ricky gag her.

I motioned everyone to circle around me. "Okay, I think most of you know that I don't think we can win. So, we're just doing this for us. Let's have fun, hit our marks, give the audience a good show, then wait to lose." Okay, not the most inspirational speech ever, but Robbie was nodding.

"One more thing," Tami added. "We're not just doing it for us." Her eyes flicked toward the ceiling, and all of us knew that Zoe was watching too.

I'd called the play Zoe's Song, but it wasn't about Zoe, not really. The Zoe in the play was thirteen and had a death sentence hanging over her head, but the resemblance ended there. The play's Zoe was an eighth grader, she hadn't skipped ahead, and she didn't go to school. She home schooled on her computer as her mom tried to protect her from the world.

David was a freshman who lived three houses away. He was a bit of a geek, not popular but not unpopular. Kind of an every-kid.

In act one, they met in a chat room on the internet, not knowing they lived in the same town, let alone on the same block. We'd made a set that had two bedrooms, Zoe's and David's, separated by a big machine with flashing lights that was supposed to represent a server or the internet in general. We'd set it up so that we could light one or both bedrooms, depending on who the scene focused on. It was kind of amateurish, but hey, we were amateurs.

Traci and Peter, playing Zoe and David chatted back and forth, talking their words as they typed, occasionally interrupted by others: Zoe's mom and dad or her doctor, David's mom and sister or his girlfriend Crystal.

The first song was called Chatting, and Sally had written the lyrics a few days after we started rehearsals to a song her brother had written a couple years before. In it, Traci and Peter sang about chatting with a new friend, while Robbie and I, as Zoe's parents and Darlene as David's mom, sang a counterpoint about kids and the internet.

The second song was Traci's alone. It was called Living to Die and Dying to Love, and it sort kinda maybe almost worked. I'd written the lyrics and Sally did the music, and we all agreed that it was just a little too saccharine, but none of us knew how to fix it.

In the second act we'd taken out one of Peter's songs in favor of Chatting in the first act, so the next song was Traci's. She sang Too Many Feelings as her character tried to sort out her feelings from finally meeting David. As she finished, Peter echoed the last chorus. David started sneaking over to see Zoe, and Robbie sang A Mother's Heart after catching them together and kicking him out.

In the last act Zoe and David got closer, with him sneaking to her room every chance he got. Peter got to sing A Little Bit Dangerous. Then Traci snuck out once just before her death scene. Robbie sang Too Soon as Tami pulled a sheet over Traci's face.

The final scene was in Zoe's empty bedroom where David and his family came to pay their final respects to Zoe's mom and dad.

"She'd still be alive if you hadn't interfered," Robbie accused. "My baby would be alive, she'd be here. We'd be here."

Peter dropped his head for a long pause, and I held my breath, waiting. Susie's hand found his and squeezed, and I heard some "Ahhhhs" from the audience. I let out my breath. They'd gotten it. Suzie's character, David's little sister, had been a total brat to him during the entire play, but now gave him just the support he needed.

Peter lifted his head and looked at Robbie. "But she wasn't alive. She was existing. She was surviving. She wasn't living."

"How dare you!" Robbie thundered.

"I dare because I cared for her. I loved her. I know you loved her, too, and tried to help her, tried to keep her alive. But to live you have to have something to live for besides just drawing your next breath and listening to your next heartbeat. I hope I gave her that."

"I..."

Peter stepped forward and took both of Robbie's hands. "You loved her, and that was important. You did the best you could in an impossible situation. You were her mom when she needed you most."

Robbie sank back on Zoe's bed and cried. Peter sat beside her, his arm around her. They appeared to keep talking as the lights on that set slowly dimmed. I'd slipped out of the scene and over to the set for David's bedroom.

A single pale blue spot hit me as I sang Zoe's Song. I felt a tear in the corner of my eye and it rolled down my cheek. A tear that wasn't fake or make-up, 'cause I wasn't singing to the audience...

I was singing to her.

"So it was good for you too?" I asked Robbie with a leer when she released me.

"It wasn't just good, it was right."

I smiled. From Robbie that was about as good as it got. When the play finished we'd both been too busy with the meet-and-greet thing to talk.

"But I noticed you kept the best song for yourself."

"I did?" I said, mustering as much innocence as I could.

Robbie's fist hit me in the arm at the same time as Tami slapped the top of my head, and I wondered for the millionth time if girls were worth the trouble.


Chapter 40

"I don't think Wasay is happy with you."

"Huh?" I looked up from my table of photographs. "Wa-say?"

Tami sat down, picking up one of the photos. "The W-S-A-A, Wasay"

I grinned, picked up two more pictures, and compared them. It was second period journalism, and Mr. Walker had me picking out pictures for a two-page photo spread on the plays for next week's paper.

"And why would Wasay be unhappy with me?"

"North Lincoln didn't show up for volleyball at Lake yesterday."

"And this is my fault?"

"Pretty much. That makes two teams that haven't shown up for volleyball with Lake: North Lincoln and us. And one that didn't come for cross country. You're playing havoc with some carefully calculated schedules."

"It's probably going to get worse before it gets better," Mr. Walker said as he looked down at my cluttered table.

"Why?" Tami asked. I picked up two more pictures.

"One of the Lake school board members gave an interview in the Seattle Times yesterday."

"What'd he say?" I asked, discarding a picture of me in favor of one with Peter and Traci.

"Pretty much that kids have no business judging an adult's actions."

I raised my hand in the air and started waving it around while making small grunting noises.

"Yes, Tony?" Mr. Walker said with a small sigh.

"Can I request an assignment?" I asked eagerly.

"What?"

"I want to cover districts for swimming."

"Huh?" Mr. Walker looked confused.

Tami got it before he did. "No way. I'll cover districts. Tony can come along and take pictures."

"Oh, God," he groaned and turned toward his desk.

Tami and I grinned at each other, then she gave me a small kiss, and I went back to my pictures.

I wondered if no one else showed up for the district meet if Lake won automatically, since they were the host team.

"... HIGH SCHOOL WELCOMES YOU TO THE FIRST ROUND OF THE 2005 WASHINGTON STATE FOOTBALL PLAY-OFFS." Luke's voice boomed from the speakers.

The two teams were milling just outside the gate to the field. Robbie and I had gone over to chat, but I think they thought it was a trap, 'cause they mostly ignored us.

"FROM WALLA WALLA HIGH SCHOOL, THE BLUE DEVILS." The other team yelled and started sprinting onto the field. The stands were completely packed, and about a third of them stood and started yelling and clapping. The Devils circled the field once, then formed up in the south end zone and started some spirited jumping jacks.

"AND THE HOST TEAM..." The rest was drowned out as the remainder of the crowd jumped to their feet and yelled. I lifted my arm up and circled my finger three times, then pointed at the field. We yelled and started jogging. We didn't circle the field, we just jogged to the opposite end zone and started our own warm-ups.

"... SHOULD BE A HELL OF A MATCH-UP." I wondered how much trouble Luke was going to catch for that slip of the tongue. "THE BLUE DEVILS ARE SEVEN AND ONE AFTER ONE OF THEIR BEST SEASONS IN YEARS. THE REBELS ARE ALSO SEVEN AND ONE IF YOU COUNT LAKE HIGH SCHOOL, BUT NOBODY DOES." The crowd laughed and clapped.

Both teams finished their warm-ups and jogged toward their sidelines.

I clapped Robbie on the back. "Ready for this?"

She grinned. I knew she was thinking, 'Born ready, ' but she just nodded. Robbie was born for this. For the first time I wondered what the future held for her. I mean, Tami was a journalist and I was a coach. It might as well be etched in stone. But Robbie... I grinned back, saving her future for another time.

"Captains!" the coach yelled, and we started walking toward the fifty yard line.

"Looks like we're outnumbered," I commented, noticing that Walla Walla was sending out three captains.

"No sweat. You take the little one and I'll get the other two."

We shook hands, all three of the Blue Devil captains giving Robbie a big smile as they touched. I got nothing. The ref flipped an over-sized coin, and one of the Devils called it in the air. "Heads." And heads it was when it stopped on the grass. "We'll receive."

Robbie and I nodded, then turned and trotted back to our sideline.

Mark kicked off, and the Devils brought if back to their thirty-four. Then on the first play Robbie slipped though the line and sacked the quarterback before he knew what was happening. That'll teach them not to chat with us.

The next play it looked like every Devil on and off the field was watching Robbie, and their line stopped her cold. I might have been insulted if I wasn't so busy racking up my first sack of the game.

On their third play the QB actually got off a pass that Mark tipped away from their receiver. They punted.

Our possession was even shorter. Two Mike Reed passes right into Luke's arms and we had six on the board. Another pass, and the score was seven - zip.

That must have been their wake-up call, 'cause they got tougher and smarter after that, and the score at the half was still seven nothing.

Coming back from halftime, Robbie took over at quarterback while I stayed on defense. She and Luke were so in sync it was almost scary. It seemed like she'd toss the ball to an empty piece of field and Luke would be there. The score at the final gun was twenty-seven nothing.

As chaos enveloped the field a dozen reporters surrounded Luke, Mike and Robbie. Nobody wanted to talk to me about my seven sacks, but I felt too good about our win to be annoyed. Besides, right now those three were the stars, they'd get to me soon enough.

Robbie and Tami were waiting by the door to the training room as I came out of the lockers. "Ladies," I acknowledged. "So, you and Mark going to meet us at the Three Blondes for a snack? Or are you planning to find a dark spot to take advantage of his innocent body."

Robbie blushed, which surprised me. I'd certainly said worse to her.

"Robbie's going to dinner with Cody at the Holiday Inn," Tami explained.

"Cody?" I asked a little sharper than I should have. "What about Mark."

"Mark's a nice guy, but..." Robbie didn't meet my eyes while she answered.

Tami slipped her arm around me and her hand into my back pocket. I glanced at her, and her eyes warned me that not only was I on thin ice, but there were sharks in the water below. I reminded myself that Robbie was a big girl and nodded slightly at Tam.

"Would you two stop telepathing back and forth?" Robbie said in annoyance.

I grinned. "Why don't you bring Cody to the Blondes. Food's half the price and usually better." I was thinking about the twenty ounce prime rib I was going to devour for my snack.

"First date," Tami said before Robbie could answer.

I understood and nodded. First dates were hard enough without being in a group where you were the outsider. "I withdraw the offer."

Robbie smiled a thank you, picked up her equipment bag, and headed for the stairs.

"So what do you think?" Tami asked as I shifted my own bag that I'd been holding.

"I think Robbie's my friend, and I want her to be happy. If Cody makes her happy..."

Tami smiled. "Now that you've been politically correct, what do you think?"

"You know that feeling I used to get in the pit of my stomach when Parker would come up behind me and say 'Mr. Sims'?"

Tami nodded.

"I don't feel that good about this."
