Snape considered feigning relapse in the morning, but the smell of bacon tempted him out. Charlie and George were already up, both looking somewhat the worse for wear, huddled pitifully over their coffees. Snape wished to join them, for very different reasons.

"Are you sure there's no hangover potion in the house?" whined George.

"Yes," said Molly, doling out bacon. "I'm sure, and you should have thought of that before you drank too much! Oh, morning, Severus dear, how are you?"

"I have been better," he said.

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, would you like a cup of tea? I'm about to put more bacon on, too. Really, Charlie, Severus is still recovering, you shouldn't be getting him drunk!"

"I don't think that's the problem, mum," said Charlie, sending a look Snape's way. Snape accepted a mug of tea and curled his hands around it. It was a comfort, though why Snape sought it he was not entirely sure.

Merlin, that boy gave him a headache. What was it that troubled him so? Was it truly his pride that was bothering him, over such an absurd thing? So Potter was attractive – his 'type', even – and he'd been wide-eyed and confused and decidedly available, and it was hardly a shameful thing to be tempted. And he'd not even acted upon it – quite the opposite, he'd been insufferably noble.

No, he knew what it was. It was that he could not seem to get Potter out of his head. It was too much, to be fixated on a boy he'd hated, who he still hated – or at least wanted to. A boy who, despite his bravery and his spirit, was nothing special. Nothing that should matter to him so.

He wanted to laugh. Of course Potter mattered. He'd always mattered, from the day he was born, and to Snape doubly so. He'd hated and he'd feigned hatred, and he'd protected the boy both resentfully and with true belief, but had he managed indifference?

No, indifference was beyond him. He cared about Potter, and he hated it.

At that moment, Potter came in, reading a piece of parchment. Snape looked at him, youth and grace and concentration, and was shocked by how much he wanted him.

"Morning Harry? What's that you've got?"

"Oh," said Harry, smiling vaguely at them all. "It's a letter. From a friend. We went out last week and he wants to do it again."

Snape only noticed his hands had tightened around his teacup when it began to hurt.

"Oh, that's nice, dear, want some bacon?"

"Yes please," he said, and sat opposite Charlie.

Charlie raised his eyebrows at him.

"What sort of friend is this?" he asked quietly, grinning. Harry rolled his eyes.

"One Hermione's trying to set me up with. I think I'll go though. He's... nice."

"What's he like?"

Potter shrugged.

"Same height as me, kind of cute, kind of... normal. He was in the year above me, in Hufflepuff, but I don't really remember him. He remembers me, though." A shy sort of smile, and Snape snorted inwardly. Of course he remembered the resident celebrity. And Potter was dating a Hufflepuff?

"Bet he does," said Charlie. "Done anything yet?"

"No offense, Charlie, but I'm not quite as quick as you," said Potter, grinning. Charlie grinned back.

"One of these days I'll change my ways," he said, and leaned back as Molly slid bacon sandwiches towards Harry and Snape.

"I live in hope, Charlie, I really do," she said. "When are you going to come home and get a proper job?"

"Proper job?" said Charlie, rolling his eyes. "Charming."

"Oh, Charlie dear, you know what I mean," said Molly. "A safer job. The kind of job you can do to support a wife and children without them wondering whether you've been burned to a crisp."

"Mum, I've told you a million times. I don't want children any time soon and I seriously don't think there's ever going to be a wife," he said.

"Oh, I know you like your freedom, but don't you think you're a bit too old for that attitude?"

"I don't think I'm ever going to change my opinion about not wanting a wife," he snapped. Molly blinked.

"Whatever do you mean?"

"Oh, mum, I don't even fancy women," he said tiredly. "I'd have thought you'd have guessed that by now."

Molly stopped. There was a second of tension, then Molly snapped,

"Well that's no excuse! Why don't you have a steady boyfriend by now?"

Snape snorted. Charlie stared.

"Mum!" he protested. "Who says I don't?"

"Don't you think this would have come up earlier if you did?" she said, sweeping up his empty coffee cup. "Honestly, what were you planning to do? Flit around being a bachelor for the rest of your life and hoping it would never be an issue? Oh, I wish you'd said something, I met a lovely young man the other day who talked about you from school – seemed quite taken with you, remembered you from Quidditch of course, and such a sensible boy!"

"No," he said. "I'm happy, and even if I wasn't, I can look for nice young men on my own."

"Quite right, Molly, leave the poor boy alone," said Arthur, coming into the kitchen and pouring a tea from the pot. Charlie started.

"Oh, don't tell me you're not surprised either," he said, covering his eyes.

"It must have been eight years ago, by now, when young Ronald came to me and asked why his big brother was snogging his best friend in the orchard," mused Arthur.

"And you didn't think to mention it to me?" screeched Molly.

"Didn't think it worth mentioning," said Arthur mildly. "Boys will be boys sometimes, and if it was more than that I always thought he'd tell us on his own time."

"Boys will be boys?" said Molly, "Boys will be boys? Are you telling me it's something you did as a teenager?"

"Well, not me, I was with you, wasn't I?" said Arthur. "But I'm told it's a common phase. Wouldn't you say so, Severus?"

Charlie grinned at him. Potter snorted.

"I may be a bad person to ask," said Snape.

"Ask what?" said Ron brightly, coming into the kitchen with Hermione close behind.

"Whether it's a common occurrence for boys to go around snogging other boys when they're young," said Molly, crossing her arms.

"Er," said Ron, glancing rather unsubtly from Charlie to Potter to Snape. Snape rolled his eyes. "Not for me, obviously," said Ron eventually, "But I think Dean kissed a Ravenclaw boy in spin the bottle once. Why?"

"It really doesn't matter," said Charlie, putting a hand over his eyes.

"No, I suppose not," said Molly, sighing and turning back to her frying pan.

"What have you got there, Harry?" said Hermione, sitting down.

"Owl from Ben," said Harry, shrugging.

"Oh," said Hermione significantly. "Can I see?"

"Sure," said Harry. Snape closed his eyes.

"I've got to go," said Charlie. "I said I'd pop in to Bill's before I set off."

"No lifts on dragons?" said Snape.

"Just a portkey to the continent and a muggle train," said Charlie. "Gabriela's not very happy with me, so I don't get a lift, and it's a dreadfully long broom flight."

He rose. Molly bustled forward and hugged him.

"Have a good trip, dear," she said tearfully, "Promise you'll be back again soon?"

"I can't promise anything," said Charlie. "You know where I am if you need me. Is Ginny still in bed?"

"I'm here," said Ginny from the stairs. "Are you going?"

"Yeah," said Charlie, and gathered her in for a hug. "Will you survive without your wonderful handsome brother at your side?"

Ginny laughed.

"Is this some brother I haven't met yet?"

Charlie batted her over the head.

"Right, I'm going to get my bags."

"We'll just see you outside, shall we?" said Molly, sniffing.

The whole family, most in their pyjamas, went trooping out into the front garden. Snape followed, cup of tea in hand. Charlie was down a second later, rucksack in one hand and broom in the other.

"Not apparating?" said Snape.

"Never was one for it," he said. "Brooms are much more fun."

"I'll say," agreed Potter.

"Mad," muttered Snape.

Charlie grinned and patted Potter on the shoulder.

"You can always owl me if you want to talk, Harry, you know that right?"

"Yeah, I know," said Harry, smiling warmly.

"Nice to see you again, Hermione, make sure you keep Ronald in check," he said. Hermione grinned. Charlie ruffled Ron's hair. "And George, owl me, alright? I want to know how much money you're earning." He pulled George into a manly sort of hug.

Charlie turned to Snape. Snape remembered he'd never been good with goodbyes.

"You can owl me too if you like," said Charlie, grinning. "We can be pen pals."

Snape snorted.

"But seriously, I'll owl you if I'm at the Burrow again. I know I said that last time, but it still stands."

"If I ever find myself with a Dragon problem, I'll write," he said, smirking.

"Too right," said Charlie. "And just so you know, this is your fault," he said, and before Snape could enquire what, pulled him into a long kiss. Snape was too surprised to react.

"You know Harry has a thing for you, right?" he murmured, pulling away a little.

"Potter's confused," said Snape coldly.

"He looks more annoyed right now," said Charlie with a smirk, and in one graceful movement slid away and onto his broom.

"See you all soon!" he said, raising rapidly, and Snape glanced warily at Potter. He was scowling.

"Right," said George, into the faintly shocked silence. "I'm going to work."

"Work?" said Molly, looking away from Snape. "At the shop?"

"Yeah," said George. "It seems crazy to leave it locked up any more when it's fully stocked and ready to go. I'm going to tidy it today and have a look at re-opening this week. I've left it too long."

Molly squeezed her son's shoulder.

"If you think you should," she said.

"Yeah, I do," said George. "Me and Charlie talked about it last night."

"Do you want a hand?" said Ron. "Not like I'm doing anything at the moment, and you're going home, right, 'Mione?"

George considered him.

"Yeah, could probably use a lackey," he said, grinning faintly.

"I should probably return to my home," said Snape, more than prepared to run away from the awkward scene.

"What, Spinner's End?" said Potter quickly. Snape shot him a look.

"Yes, Spinner's End, where I live," he said. "For the time being."

"Are you coming back?" he said.

"At some point, I expect so," he said blankly, staring at Potter. "I've imposed upon this house's hospitality for quite enough for now."

"Oh, nonsense," said Molly, at a tenth of her usual volume, evidently still somewhat shocked. "You know you can stay for as long as you like."

"I am exceedingly grateful, Molly, but I have much to sort out. I need to begin living by my own means."

Molly smiled, understanding.

"Do you want another cup of tea before you go, Severus?"

"That would be nice," he said, unsure why he wanted to linger despite the overwhelming instinct to run.

The remainder of the group, all looking rather dejected, returned to the kitchen. Ron, George and Hermione went upstairs to get ready; Potter sat opposite Snape, and stared into his fresh cup of tea.

"What is it now, Potter?" snapped Snape.

Potter looked up and shrugged.

"Everyone seems to be doing something," he said. "But I don't have a clue where to start. I thought... when I was with Ginny, it was easy. I was going to sell Grimmauld Place and get a nice house with her, and maybe rebuild Godric's Hollow for when we need more space. I was going to see if I could be an Auror. I really don't want to live on my own."

"Maybe you ought to, Potter," he said. "Maybe it will be good for you."

"Do you want to live alone?"

Snape considered.

"Not especially," he said. "But the thought of living with someone in any setting smaller than Hogwarts appalls me."

It did appall him. Yet why did the vision of sitting alone with his wine and his books no longer hold as much appeal?

"You live here alright."

"I'm a guest," he said. "And my stay is short-term. I daresay the daily routine would get tired very quickly."

He shot a shifty glance at Molly, who was tidying the kitchen with unusual thoughtfulness. Harry caught the look and smiled.

"Yes, it can get a bit... tiring," he said dryly. "I think I need to get out."

"Owl this 'normal' boy. I'm sure he can keep you entertained."

Potter smiled, looking up at Snape through his lashes.

"I'm not convinced normal will work for me," he said. "But you're right, I should owl him."

He sipped his tea. Snape swallowed, and looked to his.

"I will, you know," he said, after a moment. Snape raised an eyebrow.

"Come back. When I know what I'm saying."

And before Snape could formulate an adequate response, he set down his tea and slid away.

Snape left before he came back downstairs.

*

Spinner's End was prison-like and miserable. By the third day, he'd decided to move. He went to the goblins and discussed his small inheritance from Dumbledore, and the type of property he might buy with it; he contacted a muggle estate agent to sell his own home. He looked at maps and photographs of areas he might move to. He even viewed a house in Yorkshire, a pretty little cottage that felt too much like it ought to have children and animals gambolling about it, not one bitter old man and a million books.

He owled Minerva for advice, and she sent him owls with nice locations or pleasant houses in them. None of them seemed right.

He gave up on looking for a while, and began to concentrate on selling mail-order potions through an advert in the Daily Prophet, all the while making his current house saleable. He sent a stock of potions to the Weasley family in repayment of their kindness, and sent Narcissa a letter which received a polite reply and an open invitation to dinner. Snape could not bring himself to take it.

Occasionally, he would look out of the newly revealed window, as if expecting Potter to be on his front step. He was surprised when one afternoon it was Molly instead.

"Hello, Severus," she said. "I brought you a casserole."

"Oh," he said, surprised. "Thank you."

He took the dish from her hands. Molly beamed and peered over his shoulder.

"I thought I'd come by and see how you were doing. Oh, goodness, you've redecorated!"

That was possibly an understatement, thought Snape. He'd removed most of the bookcases and packed all his books into boxes which filled his bedroom, and he'd painted the whole room magnolia and charmed his furniture cream. He'd bought cream curtains too, and cleaned the carpet, and there was a room-brightening lampshade on the old electric light. The kitchen was painted magnolia too, with sunny yellow curtains. The Estate Agent had been very enthusiastic about magnolia.

"Come in," he said. "Would you like a drink?"

"Oh, a tea would be lovely," she said, settling down onto one of Snape's chairs. Snape took the casserole into the kitchen and laid out tea and biscuits. He wondered if he would see Molly regularly like this, now. He wondered whether he was alarmed or glad.

"Oh, hobnobs!" she said. "I really oughtn't, but just one won't hurt." She picked one off the tray and dunked it in her tea. "So, how have you been?"

"Very well," he lied. He paused, but Molly looked at him expectantly, so he added, "I am selling the house."

"Oh, I see!" she said. "Do you have somewhere to move to?"

"Not yet," said Snape. "I am still looking."

"Oh, Harry has that problem too, I think," she said. "He's moved in at Grimmauld Place and he's trying to fix it up a little, but it's such a dreary place, full of bad memories, and I know he doesn't want to live there. He said it's nice to be in London, though – according to Ron he's spending a lot of time in the Muggle world, 'clubbing' I believe he called it, Merlin knows what that is but Arthur assures me it's nothing to do with hitting people so that's good. Ron and Hermione moved out recently, too, they have a lovely little flat near Diagon Alley and I think they see Harry quite regularly. Hermione's studying to be a healer, I believe, and Ron's helping George in the shop – and by goodness, they really do seem to make a lot of money. I've had an owl from Charlie," she said, and paused significantly. "He asked if you were well. Does he... owl you, too?"

"Not as yet," said Snape, internally smirking.

"I see. So..."

"So?" said Snape innocently.

"So you and he... you're not..."

"No," said Snape.

"Oh, said Molly, looking relieved. "Oh, good. That is to say – you'd be a terrible match. He's so... flighty. I can't imagine what it would take to pin him down."

"Me neither," said Snape, wondering why Molly thought Severus was looking to do any pinning anyway. "How is Bill?"

"Oh, very well, I believe. Fleur's really showing now, and heavens, she glows! But apparently the hormonal rages are something to be seen."

"I can well imagine," said Snape.

"And Percy came around the other day – he's got a new girlfriend, he brought her round to say hello... she's, well, a little bit – alternative, I suppose I would call her, and older than him, but he seemed much less, well, tightly wound, so I think she's good for him. And Arthur's finally making some progress in the Ministry, he's just got a new job in the muggle liaison office, thanks to Kingsley of course, he's such a dear. And Teddy's getting bigger and more troublesome by the hour, but Harry's really pitching in with him. Oh, and Ginny's on the reserve team for the Hollyhead Harpies!"

"I'm sure she's very pleased," said Snape. "Is she seeing Thomas?"

"No," said Molly. "She tells me that he's a close friend but that it would never work out as a relationship. She also says she's 'sort-of seeing someone', but she won't tell me what that means or who it is, which is a little troubling, to say the least. But she seems very happy, whoever he is. Everyone really seems to be settled. It's very strange, not having someone to worry about all the time!"

Snape sipped his tea and said nothing.

"I don't think I'll ever stop worrying about Harry, of course," she said eventually.

"Me neither," murmured Snape, and Molly smiled.

"I suppose you've been worrying about him as long as I have, haven't you?"

"Longer, I should think," said Snape. "I cannot seem to avoid it."

Yet he was glad to hear of him.

"You two really seemed to be getting along, didn't you?" said Molly.

"In a manner of speaking," said Snape, who wasn't quite sure what they'd had between them.

"If he's house-hunting too, perhaps you two ought to get together and swap tips," she said. Snape could hear the beginnings of a plan in her voice, and he found himself disinclined to discourage it.

"Perhaps," he said, and picked up a hobnob.

"Would you like to come to dinner on Sunday?" she said. "I was going to make it a big one, in honour of Arthur's promotion."

Snape hesitated. Did it seem right, to go to a family lunch, when he was no longer especially affiliated with them?

"You don't have to answer now. Have a think about it and owl me when you decide. Thank you ever so much for the potions, by the way, I so rarely get time to brew – and of course, I'm no master."

Severus accepted the thanks with a bow of his head.

"Well, I ought to be off," she said, setting down her empty teacup. "I'll leave you to your decorating. Do think about coming to lunch, Severus, I'm sure this is all keeping you very busy but we'd all like to see you again."

"Thank you, Molly, I will think about it," he said. "And thank you for the casserole."

"No problem, Severus dear," she said, standing on tiptoes to kiss him on the cheek. "See you soon."

"It was good to see you," he said, honestly, and Molly squeezed his hand. He saw her out, and waved as she apparated away.

He sat down in his empty magnolia lounge, and pretended that he was at least considering not going.

*

He did a lot of pretending that week. He pretended that he wasn't thinking about Potter in muggle clubs, dancing with boys far prettier than he; he pretended he wasn't hoping that Potter would keep his word, and come back when he was sure of himself; he pretended he wasn't wearing his waistcoat and trousers for any reason other than comfort.

He pretended, as he arrived at the Burrow with wine for Molly and Arthur, that he wasn't terrified.

"Ah, Severus," she said, "We're eating in the garden, as usual – good job it's such a lovely day! Really, we must consider expanding this room a bit –"

"Molly, dear, the whole house will fall down," said Arthur, from his position dutifully making the gravy.

"Yes, I suppose you're right. Oh, Severus, is that for dinner?"

"Yes," said Severus, handing her the bottles.

"Oh, you shouldn't have," she said. "Thank you, dear. Do you want to go ahead? We'll be along shortly with the food."

Severus headed out to the garden with a fluttering in his chest he was quite convinced he'd not felt since his schooldays. To his surprise, the party was much larger than he'd expected; as well as the Weasley consignment, Andromeda was there, beside Harry, and two unfamiliar faces sat beside Hermione.

Harry looked well; he was better-dressed than Snape had ever seen, and he was chatting to Andromeda with the same air of self-assurance Snape had glimpsed at the trial. It looked good on him.

With Molly and Arthur in their usual positions, the only available space was beside him. Snape did not know whether to be pleased or horrified.

Then Potter looked up and gave him a bright, surprised smile.

"Didn't know you were coming," he said. "I wondered about the extra seat."

Snape slid into his seat, nodding at everyone who smiled at him.

"Molly paid me a visit at Spinner's End," he explained. He shot a glance at the unfamiliar faces, and Harry grinned.

"That's Mr and Mrs Granger," he said.

"Granger's parents? Aren't they muggles?"

Harry laughed.

"You look horrified. They're very nice, you know."

"Professor?" said Hermione. "Er, sorry, I mean Severus. Um, these are my parents."

"Nice to meet you, I'm Jean," said the woman, "And this is my husband, Hugo."

"Severus Snape," he said. "I taught your daughter."

"Oh," said Hugo Granger. "Dare I ask what subject?"

"Potions," he said.

"Ah!" he said, "Things in cauldrons, yes?"

"Indeed," agreed Snape uneasily.

"Is there really that much call for that, when you can do all these spells?" said Jean Granger. Snape took a deep breath in as Potter sniggered.

"That is what I attempted to teach," he said, irritated that even muggles had no respect for his subject. "That whist it might appeal, sparks and flourishes and instant results are not always practical. Potions are complex and nuanced and infinitely controllable – the merest adjustment to ingredients may turn a healing draught into a poison, or a poison into mere sludge. You can harness infinite magic in a potion, and even the poorest wizard may access that power – and you can make a potion at your best that may save you at your worst. They are decidedly necessary, and it is a shame so few people realise that."

Mr and Mrs Granger blinked.

"Ah, I see," said Mrs Granger. "Was Hermione good?"

"Obnoxiously so," he said, looking at Granger, who mercifully understood the teasing nature of the comment. She smiled; Mr and Mrs Granger looked annoyed.

Snape, bored with them, sat back. Harry gave him a sideways look.

"Why didn't you ever say any of that in class?"

"I did," said Snape wryly. "Repeatedly."

"Oh," said Harry, "That must have been what all those speeches were about."

"Brat. You were probably asleep."

"I was probably distracted by your voice," he said, smiling coyly.

Snape swallowed, and looked away.

Molly appeared with the roast, another impressive cut of meat, and he and Potter brushed arms more than was strictly necessary. Snape was beginning to feel a little tortured.

"So, Harry, how's things?" said Molly.

"Not bad," he said. "Grimmauld's still a dump, but it's a dump with magnolia paint," he said.

"I'm beginning to hate the shade," muttered Snape. Harry shot him a smile.

"And what about this, ah – beating, was it?"

"Clubbing," said Harry with a laugh. "As in, going to clubs."

"Oh," said Molly, sounding relieved. "What sort of clubs? Chess?"

Hermione giggled. Snape snorted. Harry smiled kindly.

"Dancing," he said. "And drinking."

"And picking up men?" muttered Snape.

"Maybe," murmured Harry, smiling.

"Like a dance hall!" said Molly. "Oh, the fun me and Arthur had down at the village..."

"Tell me," said Mr Granger, leaning towards Snape. "It seems like much of the wizard world seems to be stuck in the forties. Do you think that's the impact of magic on technology and innovation?"

There was a moment of blank silence.

"Innovation is sadly lacking in the wizarding world," said Snape, taking pity. "There is a deplorable lack of interest in the science of magic. It's almost taboo – as though when we begin to question where our power comes from, we may lose it, or worse still learn that we are not so special after all."

"Wow," said Potter.

"How fascinating," said Mr Granger.

"Magical science is a growing area," said Hermione. "The Wizarding world will catch up. Hopefully improved ties with the non-magical world will help."

"So, this clubbing," Arthur asked Mrs Granger. "I've heard of it, of course. Is it popular?"

"With the younger generation," she said, looking bemused.

"Is it like raving?" he asked. "With the brightly coloured clothes? I saw that on a telly once, when we were on holiday and Molly was in the pool. Why do they wave their hands about?"

"It's a bit like raving, yes," said Mrs Granger. "The music sounds the same to me."

"Ah, yes, muggle music! Is it true that you all like music by beetles?"

Potter snorted.

"Poor Mrs Granger," he murmured. "He'll be like that all night."

"The Beatles, dad," corrected George. "They're classic."

"Oh, oh I see! Do you have any, what-you-call-it, cassettes, George? I'd like to hear them."

"Oh, spare me, it'll probably be some of that dreadful noise Bill likes, don't encourage them!"

"The muggle world's the new trend," said George. "Everyone's asking me about muggle jokes. And I've seen loads of older wizards in jeans and things."

"Stands to reason," said Harry. "Everyone wants to distance themselves as much as possible from Voldemort's ideals."

"Ah, yes," said Mr Granger. "You had a spot of trouble with a dictator recently? Hermione's explained it all, but whenever I try and think of it I get a little hazy and think about moving to Australia. It's the strangest thing."

Snape raised his eyebrows at Hermione. Hermione looked away.

"She made them think they didn't have a daughter," Harry explained, close to his ear. "She's been having a bit of trouble getting them back to normal again."

"I'm not surprised," he said. "Changing minds with magic is a delicate thing. Lockheart stands testament to that. Couldn't she have just sent them away?"

"They would never have left her," said Harry, sounding almost wistful.

"Which would have been foolish, by all accounts," said Snape. "Since they could not protect her and would have run a severe risk of being targeted."

"I don't think they'd see it like that," said Harry.

"Have you heard from Charlie, mum?" asked George. Potter stiffened slightly.

"Yes, actually, dear, I got an owl yesterday," said Molly. "He sends his love to everyone."

"Bet he does," muttered Harry, not quite quiet enough for Snape's acute hearing. A pause, and a forced sort of casual:

"Do you two still talk?"

"We have not yet," said Snape. "Careful, Potter, you'll sound jealous."

"I suppose I might," he said. "By the way, Ben wanted me to say congratulations."

"Ah," said Snape calmly. "And how is he?"

"I haven't seen him in weeks, actually," he said, caught out. Snape wanted to smile.

He dug into his roast dinner with renewed vigour. Potter turned to his friends.

The meal was delicious, as always. Severus was unusually regretful that he could not manage more. Teddy began to whinge half-way through dessert; Harry, already finished, took him into the house to play while Andromeda ate.

Ron and the Grangers bid their goodbyes after dessert. The remainder of the party retreated to the kitchen for coffee, and Snape accepted the invitation in without hesitation. He made polite conversation with George for a while, but he knew why he lingered.

He surrendered to his instinct, and got up to look for Potter.

He was in the lounge, conjuring little sparkling dragons that gambolled over Teddy as he squirmed on the floor. It seemed to be hilarious; the child giggled and pawed at them, his hair a rapid succession of sunny colours.

"Ah, and my black heart melts," said Snape. Harry looked up and smiled.

"He's a cute kid," said Harry. "But I think seeing him with Andromeda makes me realise I don't want one full-time."

"There is hope for you yet," said Snape dryly.

"Maybe I'd like to teach, though," he said thoughtfully.

"I take it back," said Snape.

"I think I was a good teacher," he said, smiling and turning the dragon into a golden lion. The light glinted off his glasses. Teddy gurgled.

"You certainly seemed to inspire your little gang into revolution," agreed Snape. He sat and fired a large silver serpent at the lion. It sank its fangs into the lion's neck.

Snape winced. Teddy clapped.

"At least he knows which House is best," said Snape, rubbing his own neck.

The silver snake curled on Teddy's chest. Teddy's hair turned silver.

Snape smirked. Harry shook his head.

"You're a bad influence," he said.

"Because Slytherin is inherently bad?"

Potter opened his mouth, hesitated, then shut it again.

"They've not exactly got a great track record," he said eventually.

"Perhaps it is time to change that," said Snape. "Before some embittered student with ambition decides to take over the world."

Harry looked thoughtful.

"Maybe you're right," he agreed. A light seemed to turn on in his eyes. Snape did not dare ask what it meant.

Harry called back his lion and conjured another dragon, green this time. It prowled over Teddy's chest for a few minutes, then curled up around the snake. Teddy yawned.

Snape watched them, unsettled. He looked up at Harry, who was smiling.

"I've been thinking about you a lot," he said softly.

Something in Snape jumped. He raised an eyebrow rather than risk a reply.

"It sometimes feels like I'm hardwired into it," he said. "That you've been... part of how I think for so long I don't really know how to... not think about you."

"I know the feeling," he muttered. Harry grinned.

"But there's no reason to think about you now. We've not seen each other in months. We don't have to see each other at all. So why do I want to?"

"My scintillating conversation," said Snape dryly, and Harry grinned.

"Probably," he agreed.

"Mind you, I'm not sure why you're asking me. I could not imagine what goes on in your head – if anything."

"I'm not really asking. I think I already know the answer."

Snape was silent. He knew that he ought to say something, but he could not form the words.

"And what answer is that?" said Snape, and he knew he sounded too guarded because Harry looked uneasy.

"If you don't know, it doesn't really matter," he said.

"Ah, there you are, Harry," said Andromeda, interrupting the moment. "Oh, good, he's asleep."

Snape looked at Teddy. He was snoring softly on the floor, the snake and the dragon still curled up on his chest. Snape stood, something tight in his chest he did not want to analyse.

"I should be going," he said, and all but fled.