Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 3)

I should have seen it coming. I had been seeing the signs for days. But I had been distracted by automobile euphoria and got blindsided by her request. Of all the possible moments she could have said it, she just had to do it now and steal my moment of triumph.

I needed to study, and all she could think about was playing games. Sighing, I removed my foot from the pedal and stood up. I seethed and silently wished for her to take it back. I briefly wondered if she would accept a pause until after I had my license in hand. But I knew deep down that would only make things worse. She had held out asking as long as she could because of the grave seriousness I attached to those two words. She had not uttered them lightly and I would be doing her a disservice to treat them that way.

She held her breath as I stood silently and considered my next move. The more I thought, the brighter my anger burned against her. I should have been well on my way to the library. Instead, I was dealing with this.

I wracked my brain to come up with something on the spot. Heat, pressure, time. Those were my instruments. No, those were my weapons. I had wielded them against her many times by now and was a skilled warrior. All I had to do was come up with some effective application; some dare that combined them in just the right way...I...

...I just couldn't do it. Every time I tried to concentrate, my mind drifted and I saw myself joyriding down the open road in Mr. Beski's car. Lucy's selfish behavior was driving all that further and further away from me.

No! I wasn't going to let that happen. If Lucy wanted something so badly from me that she couldn't wait, then why should I have to put aside what I wanted to help her? She should be helping me instead...that's it!

Her face lit up as I, making up my mind, stepped off my bike and stood before her ominously.

"Lucy Jenkins," I said, "I dare you...to help me study for my driver's test."

She tilted her head to one side like a confused puppy. As dares go, it had to be by far the tamest one ever uttered. But don't worry, I wasn't done.

"Furthermore," I continued, "from this moment until I pass my test, you have to stay completely naked."

Her eyes fluttered and I knew I had her. Time. On this dare, time would be the key. The uncertainty of time always drove her crazy in the past. After all, given enough time, even the smallest pressure can make a diamond. And the only way she could control or speed up the process was by helping me study for my test.

Want to know the best part? Without any clothes, she would be forced to stick to the house. That left me free to do my research without having to drag her around with me. To drive the point home (see what I did there?) I even made her strip right there in the driveway. As soon as she was completely naked, she gathered up her things and scurried inside before a neighbor saw her outside without any clothes on.

Satisfied my initial gambit would keep her occupied and out of the way for a while, I mounted my bike and took off. In addition to getting a study booklet, I was able to confirm at the library that I did indeed qualify for a hardship license, even at 14. There were a few restrictions, though. I could only use it in the execution of educational, vocational or homemaking duties. That meant I could only use the car to drive to and from school or a job, or to do stuff like picking up groceries. So much for joyriding. But hey, I could still have plenty of fun driving to the supermarket!

I got home that evening to find a rare site. Mom was actually making dinner! She was usually so spent after her second shift that she didn't have the energy. When she called us to eat, her eyes bulged when Lucy came to the table completely naked.

"Lucy, what on Earth are you doing? Go put something on this instant!" she chastised. Of course, she didn't know about the dare.

"It's too hot," was Lucy's feeble excuse of a reply.

"Hot or no, you absolutely must put something on," said mom, trying not to back down. She wasn’t very good at that.

"I don't have anything clean right now," Lucy lied in response, "cmon, mom, it's just summer."

Mom looked over at me for moral support. She knew it was wrong for her daughter to be parading around naked, but she couldn't summon the fortitude to defend her position. I just shrugged and rolled my eyes as if Lucy were a precocious toddler who didn't want to wear clothes instead of a gorgeous tween bombshell in the making strutting her stuff for everyone at the table.

Given no other choice, Mom conceded the dinner argument and let her daughter eat naked. But she insisted Lucy would go straight upstairs after dinner and get dressed. When Lucy came into the living room that evening to watch tv and still hadn't put anything on, mom huffed, but said nothing. The next morning, when she came down for breakfast naked, mom surrendered the fight.

As for Lucy, she was anxious to start helping me study, but she had important chores to complete first. Her existing garden needed daily tending and she had already marked out a new section of lawn to till and plant additional flowers; the only way she would possibly be able to keep up with demand. After breakfast, I sat at the bar in view of the backyard and tried to look over my booklet. But really I was more interested in what Lucy was doing.

She had procured various gifts from neighbors in support of her gardening enterprise. Someone had given her a nice pair of gardening shears which she used constantly. She had also received a large straw hat. It was a darker yellow than her hair, and floppy, but great for keeping the sun off her face and fair skin.

I had let her purchase a cute little apron with pockets and various slots. She kept it hung on the fence loaded up with strange tools. One was called a spade; I knew that much. There was also what looked like a miniature little rake and a few more whose purpose I couldn't even begin to guess. She usually only wore her apron on planting days, though. The rest of the time, she just carried her shears with her.

Normally, she would wear the same outfit every day to do her gardening; a tank top souvenir from the Redneck Riviera that she didn't care if it got dirty, and a very special pair of sweat shorts. The shorts were a gift from a nice boy she had liked named Luke. His family had moved away, but I think she liked to wear the shorts because they reminded her of him.

To complete her outfit, she had been gifted a pair of authentic gardening boots. They were army green and too big for her, but she happily wore them nonetheless. Even as ugly as they were, she somehow managed to make them look stylish when she wore them.

But that morning, she had to make some changes. I watched in rapt amusement as the naked girl stepped her slender bare legs into her oversized rubber boots and threw on her floppy hat. I guess she considered shoes and a hat accessories which did not violate the "no clothes" terms of her dare. Completely bare from her calves up, she went right to work like she always did.

She worked tirelessly under the hot summer sun. I spent a good hour "studying" while she worked, and my brain retained precisely nothing from the effort. It seemed like every time I reached the end of a sentence, something would catch my attention outside. I would look up to see the most salacious sights. A naked girl bent over a plant studying the leaves to look for signs of pests. A naked girl wrestling to get a hose in position to start the sprinklers. A naked girl jumping carefully over a row of vegetables to avoid smashing the plants while her entire body jiggles enticingly. A naked girl fanning herself with a giant hat as beads of sweat form on her gorgeously swelling chest. A naked girl...well, you get the point.

I almost lost it at the very end when she came up near the house covered in dirt. Instead of circling the house and changing in the mud room like normal then heading upstairs to take a shower, she just came to the back patio, removed her hat, and stepped out of her boots. Then she turned on the hose and let the cold water cascade over her naked body. It was one of the most erotic things I had ever seen to that point. If you've ever seen a hot naked girl wash herself clean with a garden hose, you know what I'm talking about.

Normally, after her morning garden chores, and before her shower, she would go for a jog. She was hoping to make the junior high track team in the fall and needed to keep her skills and fitness up. But she couldn't very well do that without clothes. So, she had to skip that part.

When she came inside, her nipples were rock hard. I could tell it was from the cold hose water, not from arousal. But it was still a great sight to look at and appreciate. They appeared to have grown a little larger recently and stuck out further when erect. She stood naked and unabashed in front of me and asked how the studying was going. I nodded dumbly and tried not to stare at her spectacular naked body which was literally glowing. I could feel the sun's warmth radiating off her. It reminded me of our vacation when she spent so much time outside, she nearly got a nasty sunburn. But she wouldn't have to worry about that now. She was only spending a couple hours outside each day.

Wanting to expedite the process in every possible way, she offered to help me study and suggested we move to the living room couch to be more comfortable. I agreed and sat up normally at one end, but she laid down and took up the rest of it. I gulped and tried not to stare. My naked study buddy was eager and willing to help me. I'm not sure how much I was going to really learn with the constant distraction of her spectacular nude body sprawled out before me. But I was willing to give it my best effort, for both our sakes.


Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 4)

Warning me to pay attention, she picked a chapter and began to recite statistics and rules of the road. I tried to focus; I really did! But my eyes kept getting distracted by her body.

She was built like an exotic sports car. Everywhere you looked was another enticing curve. I counted every bone in her spine curving down to the small of her back. There, my eyes lingered on her athletic rump which could be perfectly smooth one moment, then flex tighter than a drum the next as she readjusted her leg or shifted her body posture. Having lost her swimsuit on vacation, she had absolutely no tan lines, only a perfectly tan, unbroken stretch of naked flesh.

Her thighs were fit from jogging. They did not come completely together in the middle but left a tantalizing gap all the way down her legs to her knees. Her feminine calves were finely honed and capped by small, but well-proportioned ankles. I did not normally get so intimate a view of the soles of her feet. But laying as she was with her legs bent up at the knee and her bare feet swaying listlessly in the air above her showed that her supple skin and flawless curves extended even to the most distant limbs of her body.

Her dainty toes were painted shiny blue to match her eyes perfectly. Whenever I got a question right, she would wiggle them excitedly, causing them to sparkle in the light. But that didn't happen very often because I missed way more than I got correct. I kept getting distracted scanning every inch of her perfect body which her dare required her to bare, from her piercing blue eyes to the blue tips of her toes.

Propped up on her elbows with her head buried in the booklet, she recited proper crosswalk and pedestrian protocols. But all I could focus on were the now medium sized twin orbs sloping down to hang beautifully from her naked chest. Her breasts had grown a full cup size since our vacation. I knew that for a fact because Lucy wouldn't stop complaining to mom that her bras weren't fitting anymore.

I had detected a steady increase in size during our recent massage sessions. Too bad we had run out of her special growth-stimulating lotion. I would have loved to suggest another treatment that very day so I could get an up close and personal update on her development. But regretfully, that would have to wait until my supplier, Riviera Dave, came through with a new shipment.

Since her accumulating assets no longer qualified as small, her complaints appeared to be legitimate, and she was probably right about needing to buy all new bras. I doubted any of her older ones would fit anymore, at least not comfortably. But do you know how much a new bra costs? Even back then, it was outrageous!

Maybe if she had only asked for one or two new ones, I would have considered it. But she had the gall to demand ten, a complete replacement of her existing collection. No way! Mom had just given her a ton of money for all new bras not three months ago. But mom wasn't in charge anymore. I ordered Lucy to make do with her old ones for a while longer until we could afford such an extravagance.

Or, being summer, I suggested she simply go without and avoid any place that would typically warrant wearing a bra. How hard could that be? And delivering flowers door to door did not qualify. I'm sure her clients weren't going to complain one bit if such a nicely endowed young lady showed up to their door braless and sporting a beautiful, perky pair like hers. I know I wouldn’t.

Our study session lasted all morning, and I wish I could tell you something I learned. But sadly, the only thing I committed to memory that day was the exact way a gorgeous girl's muscles will ripple when she's lounging naked on a sofa and needs to shift positions. After hearing about crosswalks and staring at her naked chest all day, my fingers wanted nothing more than to walk across the total breadth and width of those tempting orbs; right of way be damned.

Although I was failing miserably to pull my weight in the studying department, Lucy was a model study buddy. She had a knack for dedicating her whole being to the task at hand. She was determined to help me pass that test…at least for those first couple of days, until something else came up. She insisted on another rigorous study session after lunch. By evening, my mind was mush.

Mom grew concerned when she got home that night to see her daughter had spent the entire day completely naked. Just before bedtime, she pulled me aside and expressed that she thought something might be wrong with Lucy. The girl had gone over 24 hours without clothes by that point with no sign of letting up. It was up to me to reassure her that Lucy's behavior wasn't overly concerning.

"It's just a phase, mom. It's so hot in the summer and some kids just hate sweating through their clothes all the time," I offered.

"I suppose," said mom, "but...she's not a little girl anymore. Do you understand what I’m saying? You may not notice it because she's just little Lucy to you. But your sister has been growing…a lot. As a woman, I can see a difference lately and I don’t know why she doesn’t have enough self-awareness to realize. She is showing off body parts that should be kept more private as she matures. She needs to learn to be more modest. I mean, what if one of your friends comes over and sees her like that?"

"Aww, mom," I complained, "stop trying to make her grow up so fast. If you keep bringing it up, you're going to give her a complex. Just let her be a kid for at least one more summer. I promise, I'll keep an eye on her and I'll make her put something on if anyone is coming over." Then as a joke to lighten the mood, I added, "Besides, think of how much money we'll save on laundry!"

I had to hold in my amusement and stay solemn as I reassured her. Of course, Lucy had self-awareness and felt shame when someone saw her naked body! That was the whole point of her asking for dares. If she didn't feel anything, she wouldn't bother. But I couldn't tell mom all that. So, I just dismissed her concerns and promised to keep an eye on Lucy. And trust me, as long as she stayed naked, I would gladly keep both eyes on her!

Day three went much like day two. We all got to eat breakfast together before mom left for work. Mom raised an eyebrow when Lucy came to the table still naked but made no comment about it. Lucy performed her outdoor chores and repeated her erotic hose bath then came inside and offered to help me study just like the day before.

She proved an excellent study buddy; very thorough and studious. She was always smiling and upbeat, even when I missed an answer. She just patiently explained what I had gotten wrong and marked the question to ask again later. I think she was learning it faster than me. Of course, she didn't have to deal with a gorgeous naked girl distracting her the whole time.

She even tolerated my corny jokes and asides. What does a blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is working? Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. No.

Being one herself, she hated blonde jokes and I usually ended up getting smacked in the arm when I told them. But that day she just rolled her eyes and kept going. She had to be missing her clothes a lot by then and was surely quite motivated to see me succeed.

As for her dare, I didn't see any sign of progress on her body, even after three days. Even though she was under very little pressure at the moment, I knew the heat would grow steadily; especially since she was forbidden from relieving any pressure by her own hands. I was satisfied that she was on her way, and I could focus on my test. Time was on my side, even if it took all summer.

We studied the rest of the day, and, by that evening, I felt I was ready to take the test. On the morning of day four, my still naked sister stood dutifully at the front door to see me off; wishing me good luck with an encouraging smile and wave as I headed for the DMV. My prospects of getting Mr. Beski's car and Lucy's prospects of getting to wear clothes again all on depended on my performance.

I'm not a bad student. At least, I don't think I am. I may not make the honor roll, but I've never flunked a class. In fact, I can't even recall ever flunking a test...until that day. I got a 10. Out of 50 questions, I only got 10 correct. So, that is technically a 20%. But it is still way below the 90% required to pass.

I don't know if it was nerves or lack of preparation or some sort of mental block. Maybe I am a bad student... But whatever it was, I didn't even come close to passing. They told me I could come back in two days and try again and sent me on my way. When I got home, my sister met me at the door. She looked so cute standing there with her face full of hopeful exuberance and her perky naked body on full display.

I hated to disappoint her, but I could only shake my head in shame and hand her the paper. She studied the test results in disbelief. Her shoulders slumped when I broke the news that meant she would be stuck naked for at least the next two days.

I felt so bad for letting her down that I promised to resume my studies immediately and do better next time. Perhaps some solo studying, where I wouldn't keep getting distracted by her naked body, would do me some good. But before I could get started, she brought up another problem. Not being allowed clothes had forced her to postpone her flower deliveries. The orders were really starting to pile up and couldn't wait two more days.

Since I had failed her, I felt it my duty to help out and deliver them myself. She loaded up the wagon with fresh cuttings and handed me list of addresses and other paperwork with specific instructions on how to complete the deliveries and receive payment.

I hadn't really paid that close attention last time I helped her. I had just come along to help pull the wagon. But this time I was responsible for everything. And, let me tell you, it did not go well. My heart just wasn't in it. And I was kind of distracted berating myself the whole time and wallowing in my failure.

I did so bad that, even after I had finished my rounds, I somehow still had several undelivered bouquets in the wagon. I also must have failed to collect the correct amount at several of the houses because my money pouch was quite a bit short. Lucy was incensed and lashed out at me.

"How could you be so bad at something so simple?" she growled. I'm pretty sure she meant that insult to include both my failed flower deliveries and my driver's test performance.

I ignored her jab at my test failure and focused on the other. "What does it matter?" I replied too flippantly, "they're just stupid flowers."

"Stupid?! You're the stupid one!" she shot back. Then her voice broke, and she added with a slight quiver, "I had a good reputation and you ruined it. I can't count on you for anything!"

Ok, that one hurt. She turned away from me to hide the tear forming in the corner of her eye and crossed her arms defensively over her bare chest. I couldn't stand letting her down, and I hated to hear her say she couldn't count on me. I took a deep breath and tried to salvage the situation.

"Come on, Lucy, I'm sorry," I said, "I shouldn't have called your flowers stupid."

She begrudgingly turned back toward me but kept her lip pout prominent to communicate how she really felt.

Addressing the real source of her grievance, she asked, "Are you even trying to learn the questions?"

"Of course!" I replied, sincerely, "and you really have been a great help. I honestly don't know what went wrong at the DMV. I think, if I just study on my own for a while, I'll do better next time. How about you take a break this afternoon and relax while I go over the book? You can quiz me after dinner!"

She considered my apology and offer for a few tense seconds. When she finally put her lip away and let her arms drop, I breathed an inner sigh of relief. The peace restored, we went our separate ways, and I kept my distance so I could actually get some quality study time in.

I stayed in my room and buckled down until my neck started to hurt from leaning over my desk too long and all the rules of the road were blurring together. I pushed Lucy out of my mind and didn't even bother to check on what she was doing with her free time all afternoon. So, I was completely blindsided by the wonderful new activity she had discovered in my absence.

You see, a package was delivered to our house that day that would completely change the trajectory, not just of her summer, but of her young life. I didn't know it yet, but that simple, nondescript box brought an end to my studious and completely dedicated study buddy and founded a whole new creature.


