TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c November 2002 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

STORY CONTENT: (Cuckold, MC, MF, M+/F, FemDom, Impreg)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE



STORY  Tim and Tina
Author: C.D.E.

ABSTRACT:  Tim laments why he loves his fiancee so, 
especially in light of the abject humiliation she subjects 
him to.


	Well the wedding is finally over.  Tina and I are 
going on a well planned, but short honeymoon.
	We aren't going to far from home as she is in her 
eighth month and could deliver anytime now.

	But it's so good to finally be married to the love of 
my life for so many years. Finally I'll be able to have sex 
with the woman of my dreams.  Well not right away.  You see 
the doctor told her that intercourse is out until about 60 
to 90 days after the baby is born.  Oh, well.  I've waited 
this long, what's a few more months?

	The doctor did say it was okay for me to perform oral 
sex on her.  So I'll be performing the same type of sex 
I've had with her since we began dating and became serious 
with each other.

	Tina and I have been dating for the last five years.  
We had known each other in high school, but we were more 
friends than lovers then.

I tried to make her feel for me as I felt about her 
back then, but, she insisted we remain friends.  After 
College I returned home and she and I became closer 
friends, then an item.  We became serious and then lovers, 
but she still wasn't ready for marriage.  She said she 
wanted to be sure I was.

I did everything I could to prove to her that I would 
love and cherish her, but to no avail, she chose to keep on 
dating and for us to remain lovers.

"Tim, I want to be truly sure you're in love with me 
before we get married.  I know you love me and I know I 
love you.  Let's continue to maintain our relationship 
until I'm sure we're both ready." Tina said kissing me 
before we went out on our date for the evening.

As we drove, I couldn't keep from glancing at the very 
short mini skirt she was wearing tonight.  Her blouse was 
extremely sheer and she wore no bra.  I wondered if her 
size 38C endowments would be safely constrained by the thin 
fabric.  Luckily, there were opaque patches at strategic 
places to hide her nipples.

That night I dropped her off at Steve's apartment.  
There were several cars parked out front of the duplex.
Two nights ago I dropped her off at Bob's apartment.  
I suspected he was at Steve's place tonight also.

"Tim, I'd like for you to walk me to the door this 
time and maybe come in for a moment or two before you go 
back to my place."

"P-Please Tina, you know the guys are going to rib me 
about you being there with them.  Y-You know I haven't got 
over the time you were in the back and they pulled a train 
on you while they kept me occupied upfront.  Later they 
sent me back to get you when they had their fill of you."  
I moaned pathetically in reply.

"You haven't gotten over that yet?  Why that's been 
over four years ago.  Tim, you're just going to have to 
grow up and accept that I like to party and be friendly 
around the fellows from high school and their friends.  It 
wasn't planned to be a sex thing then.  It just happened.  
It seemed like the right thing for me to do at the time.  
They were so horny and their horniness caused me to be 
horny too.  So I gave them all some. They have their needs 
and if I'm in the mood and able to help them out, I do so.  
Besides darling, you know I always go home with you, or 
come home to you after they've borrowed my cunt.  If I 
didn't love you I wouldn't come home at all, especially 
after they've partially satisfied me and gotten the 
hardness out of their cocks.  You know you're the only man 
that can really satisfy me after I've come in from partying 
all night.  I really am in love with you, and especially 
your tongue.  You eat me out so heavenly.  No man has made 
me feel like you do Tim darling.  I feel like I'm floating 
out of this world when you put your head between my legs 
and lap and suck out all the juices other fellows shoot off 
in me."

"T-Tina please.  W-we've gone over all this before.  
Y-You know I want to please you so much.  That's the only 
reason I-I do you... when you come back all messy, drippy 
and full of their stuff..., b-but can't you consider 
c-cleaning..."

"No!  I've told you before that I think it's romantic 
and sexy when you suck my pussy after I've been out with 
other men.  Men with big dicks, I might add."  She said 
with a smirk.

I cringed as usual when she does that to me.

"I'm sorry Tim darling.  I was wrong.  That was 
unfair.  Even though you're small, your heart is in the 
right place.  I know you really love me.  I know these guys 
in there just love to fuck me, and I guess I love for them 
doing that darling.  But you see, it's just sex with them.  
But with you it's always very special.  It's love and sex.  
That's why I haven't let you put it in yet.  If I give you 
some and not be married to you, you'd probably take me for 
granite and even lose respect for me."


SOME HISTORY ABOUT TINA & I

	I truly love Tina even though many would say she is 
nothing more than a gutter slut.

	Her mother adores me and strongly encourages me to 
keep holding on for her daughter.  She urges me to  
persevere and be patient as I wait to be her husband one 
day.  However, her family also supports her being the free 
spirit she is and for me to love her in the way she desires 
me to.  	To my chagrin, Tina doesn't keep it a secret that 
I suck her pussy, and especially after she's been fucked by 
one of her many lovers or strangers.

However, something her mom said did upset me.

	"Tim you'll make a wonderful and dutiful husband for 
Tina, even know you'll probably never be the real man in 
her life."

	Her words hurt, but I respect her to have her own 
opinion.

	The other sad thing is that my family also loves Tina.  
My mother and father think she'll make the perfect wife for 
me.

	"Dear, I love your father, just as Tina loves you.  I 
know how she feels.  I love to go out and party with other 
men too.  You've know that now that you're of age.  You 
also know that you are your father's child while your 
sister's father was one of my lover's.  Dear, like your 
father, you need a slut for a wife.  You won't be happy 
with out having slut pussy to suck.  From what Tina tells 
me, you suck just as good as your father.  You are 
definitely a chip off the old block."

	As can be seen, Mother was very supportive of me 
eating other men's cum from Tina's well fucked cunt.  
Because of mom, Tina started requiring me to do an around 
the world on her with my lips and tongue after she gets 
ganbanged, which is about once a week.

	I tell you, I've licked and sucked a boat load of 
other men's jism out of her luscious pussy, off tits, 
belly, thighs, ass, and off her face.  She thoroughly likes 
me to wash her face with my tongue when men splatter her 
face with their thick gluey semen.  She also adores kissing 
me when her mouth is coated with some man's, or men's, 
gooey dick slime.

	Mother has repeatedly told me women like she and Tina 
like two things in a man.  Those with big dicks and the 
other that has a good tongue and isn't afraid to use it to 
show the woman he loves, he truly loves her.

	"You see son, you and your father are in the second 
class.  The pussy eating class.  That's how you take care 
of women the best, and of course to do it up right will 
require you to eat cum, other men's cum, that is from those 
with the big dicks, from her cunt.  To me that's the 
highest expression of love you can show your woman when 
you, as a pussy eating class male, does that for your 
woman.  Just remember, most women can always find men to 
fuck them, it's the pussy sucking class, like you that are 
indeed a treasure for women and are thought highly of."

	In one way or the other mother's words have been 
repeated to me in different ways many times.  However, for 
some reason, I don't feel held in high esteem or treasured 
by my fiancee.  I seem to be in the pits more often than 
not.

	I really don't know how I got into this thing of 
sucking out Tina's sloppy slimy pussy.

	If memory serves me right, it was when Tina 
disappeared at a Christmas party one evening, and I later 
found her in a closet in one of the bed rooms of the house 
where the party was held.  She had let three men, one right 
after the other, bone her standing up in the tight confines 
of the closet.

	It was my misfortune to arrive just after the last man 
had busted his nuts and passed me after walking out of the 
small closet as he was adjusting his clothes.  He whispered 
as he walked past me. "There's a hot slut in the closet. I 
just fucked her as well as 2 other guys.  She's sloppy, but 
definitely a good fuck."

	I couldn't believe my eyes when I opened the closet. 
It was such a shock to discover that the slut he'd referred 
to was my Tina.  Secondly, there was a heavy stream of jism 
running down the inside of Tina's thighs.  There was a 
stream of pussy juice beginning to run down the inside of 
her thighs toward the top of her nylons.

	"Tim darling, I'm so glad to see you.  I could use 
some help here."  She said in more of a matter-of-fact 
tone, than one of being surprised to see me.  I was alarmed 
at her apparent lack of shame.

	Just then I heard more voices coming into the bedroom, 
which had the many guest's coats on the bed.  I quickly 
closed the closet door and dropped a blanket across the 
bottom of it to keep the closet light from reflecting out 
along the bottom.  Why I thought of that, I'll never know.

	The closet was a walk in type and apparently was used 
for linen and blanket storage.

  	Now my attention was back on Tina and her predicament,  
which she quickly turned around into my predicament.  She's 
so canny about doing that to me.  This is how she did it.

	"Tim I can understand you being upset because those 
fellows big cocks got me turned on.  But now I got all this 
cum in me that needs to be cleaned up.  We got three 
options.  One I can use something in this closet to wipe it 
up.  I don't like that because I respect the host too much 
to mess up their bed linens and towels to do that.  Two, I 
can walk out of here and others will see me all a mess and 
we both will be embarrassed.  Your high class college 
friends will not think highly of you, including your 
religious upright boss, if they see me this way.  Do you 
want that?"

	"N-No, of course not. W-What is the third option.  
You'd better hurry, his thick semen has almost reached the 
top of your stockings."  I said in a whispered panicky 
tone.

"That you clean it up with your mouth."  

"S-Stop kidding Tina.  I-I am not about..."

"You cleaned your sister's cunt out several times when 
her dates rubber busted.  She told me.  You're no stranger 
to eating cum, so don't play naive with me darling.  In 
fact it was your mother who insisted you do it for her.  I 
also know your father also did it for her and does it 
routinely for your mom after she's been out with her 
lovers.  I know about your mom fucking around."

Her words were like a series of lighting bolts.  I 
knew I looked sick.  Why did my sister tell her about our 
family's dirty laundry?

	To make a long story short, I was coerced into 
eating her cream pie and cleaning up the evidence of her 
closet fuck session.

When I got home that night - this was before Tina and 
I moved in together - I let mom know about sis being a 
blabbermouth.  To my surprise, mom didn't react the way I 
thought she would.  I really wanted sis to be on the 
receiving end of mom's wrath, at least once. I thought sure 
this was going to be it.  Instead, she simply asked me, 
"Did you do a good job of cleaning her up with your tongue?  
Did you swallow all of the fuck juices?"

I was stunned and speechless.  Seeing my slowness to 
reply, she went on to let me know that she had expected 
this to happen sometime or the other and is the reason that 
she had me in training on my sister's jism filled cunt.  
She also revealed that my sister was on the pill and it was 
a ruse about the ruptured condom.  "I wanted you to be 
trained in sucking pussy as well as sucking pussy with a 
purpose in mind, which is what happened to you tonight.  It 
appeared your training came in quite handy and should also 
show Tina that you have a quality and skill that will 
endear her to you."

I was spellbound as she talked.  I had to sit down.	

LIFE GOES ON

	As I've said before, I don't know why I love Tina so 
much, that is, in view of the way she treats me.  Each time 
I get fed up with her antics and tricks and decide to walk 
away from her, it seems I just fall deeper in love with her 
and usually get more humiliated.

	I'm really puzzled about that too.

	One thing that's kept my sanity about this whole thing 
is the counseling that Tina's uncle, who's a shrink, gives 
to us free.

	He invites us both to come in every three months or so 
to help us with our relationship.  I'm really thankful for 
his help, otherwise I believe I'd gone insane by now 
because of her.

	He's been so helpful in causing me to see Tina's 
problems and helping her in dealing with them.  The only 
problem is that it seems I keep letting him talk me into 
staying with her and being a part of his schemes to wean 
herself away from her sluttish behavior. 
 
He has been helping us for five years.  Each time we 
go in to see him, he seems to have good reasons why she 
does what she does, but no criticism for what she does, 
like I often do.  Even though he sees her trampish behavior 
as her searching for something or the other, there is never 
any condemnation of it. 

In the end, it seems as if things remain the same and 
I feel better about having gone to the session.  That's the 
real part that's a mystery to me, even though he's 
explained that to me also.  However, it seems as soon as I 
walk away from him I can't explain it to myself or anybody 
else for that matter.

The other thing is his having separate interviews with 
us after our main session in which the three of us meet.  
It is in his session with me where I feel more at ease and 
good about my relationship with Tina, even though I know 
it's a humiliating situation for me. He often has me listen 
to some recoded music on headphones for about an hour as I 
lay on a divan in this absolutely quiet room he has in his 
office complex.  It's so well insulated that you can't hear 
a thing from the outside.

To make matters worse, it appears that Tina always 
manages to get laid by someone while I'm in the room 
listening to the soothing music her uncle has for me to 
hear.

The problem is that I often seem to fall asleep doing 
these sessions and when I awake, she comes in and tells me 
she has met somebody in the office building and had a 
quickie with them and now needs some of my mouth treatment 
she adores so much.

For some reason, it seems I have no will to refuse her 
and end up slavishly yielding to her even though I should 
be running away.  It seems I always leave her uncle's 
office with the taste of her and some unknown man's fuck 
slop in my mouth and the smell on my breath.	

Well now that we're finally married and she's wearing 
my name, even though she's carrying another man's baby, I'm 
hopeful that marriage and motherhood will wean her away 
from her promiscuous ways.

Tina's uncle didn't provide me much consolation by his 
take on things.

"Tim, it's amazing what marriage can do for a wayward 
woman like my niece.  It can help her get over letting 
other men sew their wild oats	in her.  The good part of it 
all is that no matter how long it takes, or how many of the 
sown oats turn into babies, you, her faithful husband, will 
be by her side, and of course, we expect you to be a good 
daddy to those kids."

His wedding present to me was a CD, which he told me 
to listen to daily. It's labeled "Being A Happy Husband".

Tina's uncle seems to have a hold or influence over me 
I can't quite explain.  It's almost hypnotic at times.  It 
seems that I just have to do what he tells me to.

Oh well, maybe it's just me.  Anyway, on the CD, there 
are several lectures or chapters by him and others that are 
suppose to give encouragement to husbands who have wives 
like Tina.

There are chapters with such titles as:
-Living With A Wife That Puts Out For Many, But Who 
Encourages You, Her Husband To Jack Off.
-Sucking Up After Others, A Definitive Guide For Husbands 
Whose Wives Need Them To Perform Slimy Cunnilingus After 
Other Men Have Fucked Her
-Being A Cuckold Does Not Mean Being Humiliated

	The father of our baby, was one of Tina's old 
boyfriends.  Tina wasn't sure before the baby being born. 
His name was Gregory and the baby's face is a spitting 
image of him.  Tina insisted we name our son Greg.  I 
wasn't thrilled with the idea, but as is often the case, I 
can't seem to stop giving in to what Tina wants, or going 
along with her ideas and suggestions, when I know I don't 
want to do them, or go along with her.

	I've grown fond of our baby son and realize his 
innocence in all this, so I'm being the good daddy.  My 
wife and both our families are pleased at my behavior.  
Even Gregory, the baby's father, compliments me.  The bad 
part of it is that he does it when he comes by to take Tina 
out on dates, while I'm home baby-sitting little Greg.

	I was of course opposed to Tina going out with her old 
flame, the sire of our child.  However, both my new wife 
and her uncle, quickly let me know I was being repressive 
and overly possessive as a husband.  Again, I was 
overwhelmed by their desire for me to not refuse her.  And 
again, I found myself with no will to resist.  I 
capitulated.

	However, I must say I did manage to save face by 
winning a concession from my wife and her old boyfriend.

	"Okay Tim, I promise that I won't let more than five 
men, other than me, fuck your wife if she gets the urge for 
a gang bang."  Gregory said as he reached out to shake my 
hand.  I reluctantly shook his much larger one, which hurt 
as he almost crushed mine.

	Tina also promised too, but added a condition that 
probably was already understood.

	"Honey, it makes me feel good for you to put limits on 
me.  I know you mean well and it tells me you do it because 
you love me.  However, at the same time, I still need you 
to show your love for me and my wet pussy when I come 
home."

	Embarrassed at her unexpected openness, I meekly, and 
while blushing a very deep red in front of her, her uncle 
and mother, as well as Gregory, I promised that I would 
suck her "wet used" pussy nevertheless.

	"You're so sweet and just a perfect understanding 
husband."" My new wife said as she planted a kiss on my 
cheek just before she and Gregory left on their night out.
 
"Tim, Tina is more outgoing than you.  That's her 
natural personality.  She brought that into the marriage.  
You on the other hand are an introvert, and not very 
outgoing.  That's your personality and what you brought 
into this marital partnership. Your role is ideal to be the 
one to stay at home, while she goes out.  Your wife will be 
at ease knowing that your child is being well taken care of 
as she enjoys herself dancing and drinking the night away.  
Also, by her temporarily getting away from the bonds of 
marital life for a short time, it'll renew her bond with 
you and the marriage.  And as far as her going out with 
little Greg's real father, you should be comforted that 
she'll be with someone we're all close with."

I looked at her uncle with a bewildered and speechless 
look as he consoled and reassured me I had done the right 
thing.  However, his fleet-of-foot talking was dazzling, 
not so much from its strange logic, as it's unbelievable 
and brazen disregard for the sanctity of marriage and the 
traditional role of a husband.

	Oh well, They say marriage is give and take, but 
it seems like I'm having to give up much of my esteem as a 
man, and take a lot of humiliation as a husband.

	When I lament about "my perceived situation" - my 
wife's and uncle's words - they encourages me to listen to 
her Uncle's CD.  They direct me to the chapter on: "Your 
Self Esteem Is At its Highest When You Kneel And Place Your 
Head In Your Wife's Crotch When She Comes Home From A Date 
With Another Man".

###END###

Comments? Contact CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com 

All my stories are archived at www.asstr.org. Click on 
"Authors", then click on "C.D.E.", then click "FTP".

