The Fateless, ch 3: Lust

Written by James Marcus

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus


	Adam still felt anger, he was sure that once he had stopped Miranda, that the unnatural anger he felt would dissipate. He looked down at his newest slave as she lay on the ground at his feet. He knelt down and shook her a few times. When she did not move he began to lightly slap her. "Wake up Miranda!" He growled.

	Miranda stirred and then jumped away from Adam. She looked at him with fear. "What have you done to me?"

	"I think I bound your fate to mine. Somehow I severed your thread from the weave while it was bound to me. If I remember what Clotho told me correctly you are now bound to me forever, your fate is mine to do with as I please."

	Miranda cringed at the thought "Why, why have you done this to me?" She asked as tears began to form in her eyes.

	"Why! You have the gall to ask me why!" Adam yelled as he pointed to the unconscious form of Mrellia. "That is why, you attacked me, and in return I attacked her. You are lucky I stopped at binding you to me. I was tempted to cut your thread entirely. I still might, unless you tell me why I am still getting angry."

	Miranda sighed, "It's the Rage curse. It is one of our abilities, it makes the victim slowly become angrier and angrier until they explode in a rage. Until it runs its course there is no way to stop it."

	Illisis looked at Miranda and Adam. "That is not, entirely true Adam. There is one other way to break a Spirit of Anger's curse, but you won't like it."

	"What is that?" Adam asked his impatience growing.

	"You need to break the effect of the rage with another emotion, one just as powerful. The only one we have at our disposal currently is desire."

	Adam scowled at Illisis and shook his head in an attempt to control his temper. "And just who am I supposed to inflict this on?" He growled through clenched teeth.

	Illisis simply looked at Miranda "Let the punishment fit the crime."

	Miranda began to shake her head and tears began to flow freely down her cheeks. "No, please, no, no, no."

	Adam could not believe what he was hearing from Illisis. Her voice broke through his rage and into his thoughts, "She did this to you, it is only right that she be involved in correcting it. Who else would you suggest, Ginger, Jan, Mrellia while she is unconscious, myself? It is only right that the punishment fit the crime. You do not have to truly force yourself on her. You can use your aura, open the pipe that is feeding her, and fill her with desire for you. It will in turn fill you with desire for her. Once your mutual desire is sated you will be free of the Rage curse."

	Adam could not believe what Illisis was telling him, but he knew that he had to do something, turning to Miranda, Adam tried his best to concentrate on his aura. His concentration kept slipping and his mind kept drifting back to his anger at Mrellia. Slowly, bit by bit, he was able to open the link to his aura. As the desire for and from the women slowly overpowered his rage Adam found he was able to concentrate on his aura better. "Adam, stop you are effecting all of us, you want to effect only Miranda." Illisis gasped to his left.

	Adam tried to concentrate on the feeds to Illisis and Mrellia, he could not seem to get a hold of them, passion and desire poured from and into his body. The flood of emotion pushed the tendrils larger and larger. Adam felt himself becoming more aroused than he had ever been in his entire life. Illisis walked over to him and grabbed him by his shoulders and drug him to the ground their lips locking in a passionate kiss as she fought with the zipper of his jeans. Another set of fingers began to stoke along Adams cock, as Miranda joined in to help Illisis remove Adams pants. Illisis broke her kiss with Adam panting with desire. Only to be replaced by a bruised Mrellia. "Finally, I get some release." Mrellia purred into Adam's ear as she brought her lips to his. "I did not think you had it in you my love."

	After a few tries, Illisis and Miranda managed to free Adams cock from his pants. As Miranda engulfed his inflating cock in her mouth, Illisis pulled Adam's pants from his legs and tore his underwear from his body. Miranda quickly started sucking as much of Adam's cock into her mouth as she could, her head bobbing up and down its full length, her tongue licking along the shaft and across the bulbous tip, lapping up his pre-cum as fast as it was produced. Illisis's hands massaged Adam's balls while she moved Adam's legs apart so that she could get between them and lean in to lick the base of his cock and his testicles.

	Mrellia lifted her dress over her head and dropped it to the floor, she lowered her cunt to Adam's mouth as Adam began to lick and suck on her pussy. His fingers slid in-between the woman's lips quickly becoming coated in her juices. Once his fingers were thoroughly coated, Adam slid them from her and pushed them into her ass. Adam quickly sucked Mrellia's engorged clit into his mouth and started licking on the tip, while his fingers slid in and out of Mrellia's ass. Suddenly Mrellia began convulsing in orgasmic bliss as her body was overcome by Adam's manipulations. 

	The manipulations of Adams cock and balls by Illisis and Miranda were causing Adam much difficulty as he felt his balls start to tingle; he was going to cum soon. Knowing he had two more women to take care of he pulled Mrellia's limp body off of his face and tried to sit up. Miranda looked up at Adam with eyes filled with passion as her head continued to bob on his swollen blood engorged cock. Adam fell back against the floor as he felt Illisis tongue his balls. She sucked them into her mouth and licked them vigorously. 

	Adam knew if he did not stop them soon he was going to cum in Miranda's talented mouth. He was not ready to finish just yet. "Miranda, Illisis, stop please."

	The two women barley heard Adams please, after a few seconds of thinking about math equations; Adam was able to regain his composure enough to pull himself away from the two women. They stared at him with madden desire as Adam ordered Miranda to get on all fours with her ass in the air. Once her ass and pussy came into view He grabbed his rock hard cock and guided it into Miranda's dripping snatch. With a single push he felt his cock slid into her, almost immediately he felt resistance to his intrusion and with a shock he realized that she was still a virgin. 

	Adam pulled his cock out of her and ordered Illisis to suck it. The blond Spirit quickly grabbed his cock and sucked it into her warm moist mouth, Illisis took in as much of Adams cock as she could, licking and sucking until it slid into her throat, Adam almost came right then.

	Adam slid his fingers into Miranda's pussy once again coating them in lubrication. Once he felt they were sufficiently coated he pulled them from her and pushed them into Miranda's ass, using her own juices to lubricate her. 

	Once Adam felt that Miranda was sufficiently lubricated he pulled his cock from Illisis's mouth and guided it into Miranda's ass. He pressed his cock slowly in. With each stroke he was able to move another inch deeper into her. Miranda tossed her head back and moaned as Adam fucked his cock in and out. After a few more strokes Adam felt his balls slap against Miranda's cunt as their hips came together with his seven-inch cock buried completely in her ass. "Fuck me, Fates yes, fuck my ass, fuck me harder." Miranda screamed as her arms turned to rubber and she laid her face on the floor. 

	As Adam fucked into Miranda's tight ass he looked over to Illisis, who was viciously masturbating herself while she watched. "Are you a virgin too Illisis?" He asked

	"Yes I am but it is yours my love, take it. Please fuck me now."

	Adam continued to fuck his cock into Miranda, using every trick he could think of not to cum but her ass was just to much for him and he blew his first load into her ass, as she orgasmed around his cock. 

	Adam pulled out of Miranda and looked down at his cock. The smell was overpowering. Mrellia quickly grabbed a cloth napkin from the nearby table and soaked it in the water glasses. Using the now wet cloth, she cleaned his cock off and then began to suck it back to hardness. Once Adam was again ready to go, she smiled up at him "As a Spirit of Desire I have had to do much worse my love. Now go fuck Illisis before you drive her mad."

	Illisis crawled across the floor towards Adam and pushed him onto his back. She straddled his chest and kissed him passionately, their tongues dueling in his mouth. Grabbing his cock she guided it to her waiting cunt and slid down. As he felt her moist lips engulf his rod, he let out a moan. She smiled at him as they broke their kiss and she completely impaled herself on his cock.

	Adam felt his cock tear through her maidenhead and bury itself deep within her body. Her cervix stopped his cock head painfully. Illisis laid her body back down onto Adams chest and passionately kissed him once again as she rocked her hips and fucked her recently plucked cherry on his cock. It did not take Adam long to get the rhythm of his thrusts to match hers. After a few strokes Adam rolled Illisis onto her back and started fucking her pussy as hard as he could. 

	Illisis tossed her head back with a moan of pleasure as Adam began to fuck her with a vengeance. Adam lowered his lips to Illisis's breast and sucked her nipple into his mouth, licking vigorously with his tongue. Illisis started to buck as the sensations ran through her body. Her fingers clawed at the carpeting and her back arched as she let out a scream of passion and multiple orgasms tore through her. She continued to scream and thrash as Adam started to work on her other breast. Adam fucked her through two more orgasms before he felt the tell-tail tightening of his balls that meant he was about to cum. With one last thrust of his cock deep into Illisis, his cock pumped spurt after spurt of his fertile seed deep into her waiting womb as Illisis was once again caught in throws of orgasmic bliss.

	As Adam came down from his orgasm, he felt a strange sensation in his chest. As if something or someone was pulling at him. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the sensation. It took a few seconds before he realized it was his string of fate. A choice needed to be made, he was at a crossroads. He had just cum in Illisis and she was ovulating, he needed to decide if he was going to become a dad or not. He opened his eyes and smiled at his love, rolling off of her and onto his back. He looked at her and grinned. "Congratulations, mom." He whispered to her as he brought his fingers up to caress her cheek.

	Illisis gave Adam a confused look as she lay panting on the floor of the restaurant. Her eyes grew large with understanding. She brought her hands to her stomach where she could feel the energies of the life that was just now forming. She smiled and closed her eyes, basking in the glow and pleasure of the new life. Turning her head to Adam her smile grew and her eyes filled with tears. "I am going to have your baby. I love you Adam." She whispered to him as tears of joy streamed down her cheek to fall upon the carpeted floor.

	Miranda and Mrellia felt the energy of the new life forming in Illisis's womb and smiled at their sister. Both women were panting, covered in sweat from their recent activities. Miranda ran her fingers along Illisis's naked body to her stomach and smiled. "Congratulations, sister." She whispered as she kissed Illisis on the cheek.

	Adam suddenly sat up and looked around. "Oh crap, what the hell are we doing?" He exclaimed as he jumped to his feet and started throwing the women's clothes at them. "Get dressed, we still have a lot of work to do."

	He helped Illisis to her feet and kissed her passionately. "I love you too, and I wish we had more time to enjoy the moment, but right now we need to get time started back up for all these people and try to save a family." He exclaimed as he pulled on his underwear and reached for his pants.

	Adam quickly finished getting dressed and watched impatiently as the others followed suit. Once everyone was dressed he went into damage control mode and had Mrellia start cleaning up the left over mess of their recently completed orgy. He turned to Miranda and had her straiten up the table and chairs as he headed to the back room of the restaurant to find some air freshener. Once everything was straitened up and cleaned. Adam had Miranda and Illisis go invisible and positioned himself and Mrellia as close to their original location as possible. "What do I do now?" He beseeched Mrellia.

	She gave him a wicked grin "Just will time to start again." She replied as she brought his hands to her neck "Remember you were choking me luv, and you were very angry with me." She purred in his ear.

	Adam did his best to ignore her as he closed his eyes and willed time to start. The room was suddenly filled with the sounds of conversation and the clatter of plates, dishes and silverware. Adam let go of Mrellia's neck and turned to Ginger and Jan. They both stared at him with looks of shock that bordered on fear. He quickly approached Jan. "Jan you and Ginger need to follow me, Thomas is in trouble and needs your help."

	Jan turned white as a ghost and stared at Adam. "What are you talking ab....?" She started to say.

	"No time for questions, your husband is in danger. Follow me NOW!" He yelled as he grabbed her by her arm and headed for the exit.

	The maitre d' quickly approached the group in an attempt to intercept them. Adam turned to Mrellia, "Take care of him, and I mean pay our bill, we don't need any more trouble." He growled as he dodged around the man and headed out of the restaurant still dragging a stunned Jan by the arm.

	As Adam exited the restaurant, Jan suddenly came to a stop. Adam spun around to see a rather large man holding onto Jan by her waist. "Is this man hurting you Miss?" The man asked as he glared at Adam. 

	Adam released Jan's wrist and glared at the interloper. He new the man was only trying to help what appeared to be a woman in distress, but he knew they did not have time. He also could feel the hands of fate involved in the man's actions. The Fates were actively working against him, trying to prevent him from saving Jan's husband's life. He did not care, he had to try, everything that he was screamed it. As he got close to the man Adam knew he was out matched physically. The man had a good eight inches on him in height and a good foot in girth. "This is none of your concern, I am simply trying to get the lady and her daughter to her husband. He has been injured and needs them right now." He growled.

	Jan looked up at the man and smiled. "It's alright sir, he is a friend. Thank you for your concern."

	The giant released Jan and stepped out of Gingers way. "If you say so, but if you need any help I will be here for a while." He stated giving Adam a knowing glare.

	Adam grabbed Jan by her arm once again and practically dragged her down the street. Ginger rushed behind them trying her best to keep up, tears streaming down her face. "What is going on, how do you know my dad is in trouble?" She asked through her tears.

	"I just do, I can't explain it right now, and I am sorry about what happened earlier, I can not explain that right now either, but I promise as soon as I can I will." He stated looking back at the teen. "Miranda where the hell am I going, where is Thomas going to get stabbed?" He said in his mind.

	Miranda guided Adam the two and a half blocks to the alley where Thomas was to meet his fate. As the rounded the last corner and the alley came into view, they heard a scream and a young teen came running out of the alley. Her blouse was torn and there was a large bruise forming on her cheek. She was screaming almost incoherently for help. Adam let go of Jan's hand and ran up to the girl "What happened, what's wrong he yelled at the near frantic girl."

	She stared at him in terror and jumped away from his touch. "Down the alley, they tried to rape me...He tried to help... They stabbed him..." She cried as her heal caught on the curb and she fell back landing hard on her ass.

	Adam turned towards Ginger, "Call 911 and try and help her." He yelled. Grabbing Jan by the arm again he ran as fast as he could down the alley.

	They got ten feet into the darkening alley when Jan started yelling and trying to pull free from Adam's grip. There lying in the middle of the alley was her husband, Thomas Winters, with a large hunting knife sticking out of his gut. Adam released her and she ran to her husband. "Oh My God! Thomas!" She yelled dropping to her knees next to him.

	Adam ran up to her and quickly grabbed her hand, stopping her from pulling the knife out. "Don't, if you pull it out he will bleed to death."  He said as he looked further down the alley to see two forms rounding the corner. "Wait here for the ambulance."

	Adam stood up and ran after the fleeing youths. He rounded the bend and saw them fleeing down the street. The crowd was hindering their flight. Adam had no such issue, with a thought everything stopped. He ran down the street after them. Just as he got within ten steps of the would-be rapists, he reached out and took their fates in his hand. Reading them he made a quick decision and allowed time to flow once more. The two teens started running again, The younger of the two looked back and saw that Adam had almost reached them, the quickly took a left turn and attempted to jump over a small rough iron fence, Adam twisted his fate and the young man came to a sudden and painful stop as his foot became caught in the fence and his ankle snapped.

	The Second teen heard his friend screaming behind him and turned to see what had happened. With another twist of fate from Adam, the young man failed to notice the police officer that was rounding the corner and collided with her. The two fell in a jumbled heap. The teen's head collided with the sidewalk and he lost conciseness. 

	Adam smiled as he rolled the unconscious teen off of the police officer and helped her to her feet. "What the hell is going on?" she asked looking with concern at the unconscious youth and the second one lying a few yards away with what appeared to be a broken leg.

	"I am glad you are here officer." Adam panted. "These two boys just tried to rape a young girl in an alley back there and stabbed a guy who tried to help her."

	""What!" She exclaimed grabbing for her radio to call for assistance.

	Adam continued to pant as if he had been running for a while; bending at the waist and grabbing his knees as if he was exhausted. "Yeah!" In his mind he was telling Mrellia everything he was saying and asking her to ensure that Ginger and Jan knew their parts.

	The officer pulled out her hand-cuffs and started cuffing the unconscious boy when Ginger came running up with tears in her eyes. "Did you get them? Are these the guys that stabbed my dad?"

	Adam looked at the teen and grimaced, "Yes Hun. Come on we need to get you back to your dad. You need to be with him right now." He said as he turned to guide Ginger back to her dad.

	"Sir, I need to ask you some questions." The Officer replied as she grabbed Adam's arm.

	Adam looked at the officer "I am sure they can wait, her father is lying in an alley with a knife in his gut, I am not going anywhere, just taking her back to her dad."

	She let go of Adam's arm with a nod. Adam and Ginger headed back to her dad, she was clutching onto Adam crying the entire way. All Adam could do was run his fingers through her long blond hair and kiss her forehead. They rounded the alley as the ambulance was arriving. Ginger broke from Adam's grip and ran back down the alley to her father and mother, crying the entire way. 

	Miranda formed to Adams right with tears in her eyes. She looked up at him "I never knew, I swear I never knew it was like this. It was always just a job. I never stayed around to see the results of my missions." She cried as she grabbed Adams arm.

	Illisis formed on his left, "I never get used to this. I hate this part." She said sadly as she looked at Miranda. "We always had cleanup you know. We were not allowed to talk about it. They did not want it affecting the others. It was always, Empathy and Conscience that were left to pick up the pieces. Oh you guys got to come later after the crying was done and get them riled up about how horrible it was, fill them with righteous rage, but we always have to put them back together." She said with tears streaming down her face.

	Adam could see Mrellia with Jan and Ginger. She was holding the two crying women as the paramedics worked on their husband and father. Adam heard her voice in his head "Why does it hurt so much?" 

	"Because it does." Was all he could say.

	The paramedics loaded Thomas into the ambulance as Illisis and Miranda once again became invisible. Adam approached the three ladies in the alley with grim determination. Jan turned to Adam with tears in her eyes. "How did you know?"

	"I can not go into that now, but as I promised earlier all will be explained. Please go with your husband, I will follow with Ginger. He needs you right now. GO!"

	Jan gave him a quick hug. "Thank you." She whispered in his ear as she gave him a kiss on his cheek and then rushed off to the waiting ambulance.

	As the Ambulance left the alley lights and sirens blaring, a male officer approached the three. "Hello, I am Officer Rollins. I have a few questions I need to ask you before you leave." He stated.

	Adam looked at the officer with a sigh. "Will this take long? I would really like to get her to the hospital where she can be with her mother."

	"No sir, I just need your statement as to what happened. I already have most of the information from the young woman that was originally accosted."

	Adam, Mrellia and Ginger gave the officer an abbreviated statement on the incident. They left out any mention on what happened at the restaurant, simply stating that Adam had joined them after Thomas left in anger. When asked how he knew Thomas was in trouble, he replied, "I am not sure, I just got a bad feeling and followed it."

	Officer Rollins nodded his head, this was not the first time he had heard that explanation and he was sure it would not be his last. He himself had had similar feelings in the past, so he understood. "Officer Menendez asked me to thank you for your assistance in apprehending the two would be rapists." Officer Rollins replied as he held out his hand.

	Adam shook the officer's hand and then led Ginger and Mrellia away from the alley. As the three walked down the street towards Adam's car, Ginger leaned up against him, tears still coming down her cheeks. As Adam leaned back into her she quickly took his hand in hers. Adam felt a jolt run through his body as she squeezed his hand. When they got to his old beat up Civic Adam held the passenger door open for the two ladies. Mrellia approached Adam with a smile and kissed him on the cheek as she spoke to him with her thoughts. "I am not suited for this kind of stuff, I will see you back at the house."

	Adam frowned at Mrellia. "Are you sure? You're human now and you should get used to dealing with this kind of stuff."

	Mrellia smiled back and hugged him "I know, but not right now. Right now they need you. Fate will not let him go that easily." As she thought this last part she smiled at him hugged Ginger and walked off. Looking over her shoulder she said aloud "I'll meet you back at your house Adam."

	Ginger climbed into the car and Adam closed the door and come around to his side. He was surprised to find his door unlocked when he got there. Adam started up the engine and quickly headed to the hospital. Once they got there, they found Jan in the waiting room crying. Ginger ran to her mother, and Adam feared the worst. "How is he?"

	Jan looked up to Adam. "He is still in surgery, that's all I know."

	Adam sat down in the chair next to Ginger and they waited. The two women were crying hard. As they waited Adam tried to reach out to Thomas's fate, but it slipped through his fingers every time. He could not read, nor affect it in any way.

	After over an hour of waiting, a nurse came out and called for Jan. Jan and Ginger both jumped up and headed to the Nurse. Adam started to stand up but thought better of it and sat back down. Jan and the nurse talked for a bit and then started to the back. Ginger looked over at Adam and then rushed over to him and grabbed his hands. "Come on."

	Adam reluctantly allowed the young teen to lead him to the back behind Jan and the nurse. They were led to a private room, where the Dr. and a Chaplin waited for them. As soon as Jan saw the Chaplin she started wailing and fell to her knees. Ginger let go of Adam's hands and fell to her feet beside her mom holding her. The Dr. gave his condolences and said things about how they tried everything but the injuries were too severe. Adam was not listening, His mind was filling with anger at his helplessness. What was the use of giving him the abilities if he could not use them when he needed to?

	As Adam grew angry with the Fates, He heard Illisis's voice in his head. "They told you some things you would not be allowed to change my love. His fate was already locked in. Be heartened by the fact that they allowed you to lessen their pain and give them one last moment with him."

	Adam, growled and the Chaplin looked at him. Adam shook his head to waive the man off. "I can not help but feel responsible, if I had not let Mrellia control me, if I had not fooled around with them in the restaurant..."

	"They would have sat there and finished their dinner, Remember Jan was angry at him, she would have finished their dinner and then expecting he had left probably taken a taxi home. They would not have found out until much later what had happened to him and then would have lost their chance to say goodbye. You righted the wrong as best you could. Please do not beat yourself up over this. They need you now."

	"Me? Why the hell would they need me?"

	Adam could feel Illisis smile. "They need someone to help them pick up the pieces of their life. Jan's husband is gone, Gingers father. For some reason after the incident and the attack they have latched onto you. I can feel their compassion for you. I do not know why, maybe it is because you tried to help. Or a left over from the desire they felt. But they will now turn to you. I know it, I feel it. You need to be here for them."

	The Chaplin was doing his best to console the two grieving women. But neither one was listening to him. After a bit he stood back and continued to wait. The Dr. chose this moment to make his escape. Adam walked up to the two and sat down beside Jan. She looked up to him and threw her arms around him. "What am I going to do? I can't go on without him. He was everything." She cried into his shoulder.

	Adam did not know what to say he just put his arms around her and held her tight. Ginger came around to Adam's other side and hugged onto him as well. The Chaplin did not stay much longer than the Dr.; seeing he was not needed he too made his exit. The three sat there in the private room for a while like that, the two women crying and holding onto Adam, Adam doing his best to comfort them. 

	After a bit Jan finally got herself composed and smiled. "Thank you, I am so confused right now, but thank you for being here."

	"Not a problem. It's the least I can do." Adam replied guiltily.

	Ginger continued to snuggle against Adam, her crying had subsided and she was slowly falling asleep in his arms. Jan smiled down at her daughter. "Today has been too much for her. Is it ok if I leave her here with you for a bit? I need to go see him." Jan asked with concern for her daughter.

	Adam tried his best to smile, tears were threatening to well up in his eyes. "She will be fine, I promise to be good. Go, go see your husband. We will be here waiting for you." As he laid Gingers sleeping head onto his lap and began to run his fingers through her hair. He sat there for a while, running his fingers through her hair. "What am I going to do?" He thought to himself as he looked down at the young teen sleeping in his lap. "Yesterday I was nobody working in a dead end job. No hope of a family or a future. Now I am a near immortal being with powers beyond my wildest dreams. I have three beautiful women who respond to my every whim, a young sixteen-year-old girl who appears to be falling in love with me and now a beautiful woman and her daughter who just lost the most important person in their lives and are turning to me to help them."

	As Adam sat there contemplating all the things that had happened to him and those around him today he felt himself growing tired. He too had had an emotional rollercoaster ride. He laid his head on the back of the couch and gave in to his fatigue.

	He was startled awake by a hand on his shoulder. He jolted up, but was pushed back into the couch by the hand on his shoulder. "Shh, you will wake her up." Whispered Jan.

	Adam looked down at Ginger sleeping peacefully with her head in his lap. He started running his fingers through her long blond hair. Lightly tickling her ears as his fingers ran though them. Adam looked up at Jan. "So you do what you needed to do?"

	"Yeah." She whispered as she sat down next to Adam. Gently she brought her hand to Gingers shoulder and shook her awake. "Ginger, sweety, its time to go."

	Ginger slowly came awake and looked towards her mom. "Ok." She grumbles as she lifted herself from Adams lap, rubbing her eyes and started crying again.

	Jan jumped up and quickly took her daughter in her arms. "Oh sweety, I know, we will get through this some how."

	"Oh mom, I want to see him, I want to say goodbye." She cried.

	Jan held her daughter to her as she cried and looked towards Adam. "I'll wait right here, once you two are ready let me know." 

	Jan and Ginger headed out from the private room as Adam once again laid his head against the back of the couch. Just as he was starting to fall asleep he was jolted awake by the sound of crying. He looked up to see Jan and Ginger returning to the room. Ginger was clinging to her mom. "Is she going to be ok?"

	Jan looked up. "Yeah, she just needs to get home and get some sleep."

	Adam led the two women to his car and drove them home. They pulled up to a nice two-story home in the outskirts of town. As they pulled into the driveway Jan turned to Adam. "Can you please stay the night? It's late and I would feel better with someone else in the house."

	"I am not sure if that is a good idea. You and Ginger have been through a lot today. The things I did earlier, I am not going to make excuses about them and they were not appropriate..."

	Jan put her finger to Adams lips to quiet him. "Adam, I have no idea what happened at the restaurant, and right now I don't care. What I do know is that when we needed help you were there. You tried to save Thomas and thanks to you we both got to say goodbye. If it were not for you the men who killed him would have gotten away. Please stay the night."

	"Are you sure, I mean you two have been through a lot?"

	"Yes, Adam, besides you owe us an explanation for what happened today, how you knew Thomas was in trouble." Jan replied, trying her best to smile as tears once again welled up in her eyes.

	"Ok I'll stay." Adam replied.

	Adam heard Illisis's voice in his head "Good for you Adam, they need you. They need this."

	"Yes Adam, remember they are still connected to you." Mrellia stated. "They will turn to you now that Thomas is gone, to fill the void in their lives. Do not be surprised if things get a little weird tonight."

	"What do you mean by weird Mrellia?" Adam asked with concern

	"Desire is one of the few emotions that stems from or leads to every other one. They are linked to you by a shared desire. They both have had a rollercoaster of emotional responses today. That link and your aura may cause them to turn to you for other forms of comfort." Mrellia replied.

	"Be careful Adam, they need you tonight, how they respond to that need is up to them. Do not turn them away. Or you may do more harm than you intend. Remember the saying the road to hell is paved with good intentions." Illisis whispered into his ear as he felt her presence fade away.

	Adam was a little astonished at what he had heard. They could not have meant what he thought they meant. Her husband had just died, there was no way that Jan would want to...

	Adam's thoughts were interrupted by Jan "Are you ok Adam, you look like something is bothering you?"

	"No I am fine, I was just thinking. Trying to work in my head if it really is a good idea for me to go into that house with you tonight?"

	Jan smiled at Adam as her face got inches from Adam's. "And why would it not be a good idea for you to come into the house with me?" She whispered.

	Adam took a deep breath, taking in the scent of her sweat, perfume and arousal. "This is why, your husband just died and..."

	Jan pulled back from Adam as if he had slapped her and looked hurt. "Fine, don't come in. Can you at least give me long enough to get the front door unlocked and help me get Ginger inside?"

	Adam looked toward the back seat where Ginger was sprawled out, once more sleeping soundly. He looked back at Jan who was sitting in the front seat crying. "Jan I am sorry, I didn't mean anything bad. Let me help you get Ginger in and then we can sit and talk."

	Jan wiped the tears from her eyes and quickly nodded. Adam got out of the car and came around to Jan's side of the car. He opened her door and helped her from her seat. As she came to her feet she stumbled and fell into his arms. Adam helped her to her feet as he stared into her eyes. He felt a skip in the beat of his heart and then he was kissing her. Jan returned his kiss with passion, her body melting into his. As they broke the kiss, Jan blushed and quickly pulled herself from Adam's arms. "Let me get the door." She stammered as the headed around Adam to the front door.

	Adam went back to the car and gently woke Ginger. "Hun you are home, you need to get up so we can get you in the house."

	Ginger rubbed her eyes and moaned, to be left alone. She started to curl up on the back seat, then looked over at Adam and smiled. "Hi Adam."

	Adam gently took her hand and helped her from his car. Ginger looked Adam in the eyes as she stood up, the smile on her face grew and she leaned in and gently kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you Adam, for everything." She whispered as she put her arms around Adam and let him walk her into the house.

	Adam and Jan helped a very tired Ginger to her room. As Jan started helping ginger remove her clothing to prepare for bed, Adam left the room "I'll be down stairs."

	Jan looked over to Adam with a conspiratorial grin. "Oh, ok if you want to go, I'll meet you down there once I get her in bed."

	As Adam headed down the stairs he once again wondered why he was here and were they really flirting with him?

	Adam sat on the couch to wait. After about twenty minutes Jan cam down stairs to join Adam, she had changed as well, into a black silk negligee and a see-through shawl. Adam felt a lump in his throat as she carefully sat next to him. "Ok Adam I believe you have a story to tell me." She said with a slight smile and a twinkle in her eye.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus	

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.