Karry looked out over the scenery that her bedroom windows provided, an intense need riding her hard. It had been too long since she had felt the freedom to go where she pleased and do what she pleased, too long since she had the right to make her own decisions. She would give anything to have the right to decide for herself what she wanted and what she needed. But the demands of her people came before her own, the needs and wants were all more important than what she craved.
She was the leader of a small group of human that refused to ally themselves with any species or kingdom. The group only contained forty people, but those forty people were her responsibly. She hadn't asked for the responsibility, what sane twenty-one year old would, but it had fallen into her lap after everyone had seen what she could do. Karry had the guts to do what everyone else was too scared to do and smart enough to not get caught. Still taking charge over all of these people was wearing her down.
The constant moving and having to fight to stake their claim on some decrepit building was becoming hard for her. Having to find a way to come up with money to get the supplies they need or scrounging around for food was starting to kill her, so was the face of every person that she had to kill to protect her own. Everything was nothing more than a fight of the fittest, it was a struggle to hold onto your sanity and still be able to do what needed to be done. She didn't have anyone to talk to, no one that could comfort her when everything including herself was falling to pieces at her feet. Instead she had to suck it up and put on a mask that said nothing was wrong no matter how bad things became.
She wasn't sure how much longer she could continue this life, how much longer she could slip into her role before she had to break free. Even now she felt like running away, somewhere that no one could find her and stay there. She feared she had very little time left before she left these people, and that alone made her somewhat sad. She cared for everyone and wanted what was best for them, but someone like her was not what they needed.
"Those must be some dark thoughts you are having Karry."
Karry smiled slightly at the sound of the only person she could have ever relied on, her father's friend Thorn. Thorn had been almost a part of the family since before her father passed away, now he was more of a friend that wasn't really a friend.
"I guess you might be right. Are we running low on supplies again?" Karry asked
"No, the supplies are fine."Thorn said
"Then what brings you here?"
"An intruder has been spotted near the back entrance." Thorn said
Karry sighed as she turned to face Thorn and forced the mask of indifference back over her features. She knew without being told that this was something she would have to take care of personally, that no one else would play with their life as she would. Walking past Thorn she headed out the door and down the winding stairs to the first floor before passing others as she headed to the rear entrance. When she got into the room that held the back door to the outside, she closed the door she had come through and locked it tightly placing several heavy objects in front of it.
"I assure you that blocking that door isn't necessary, we do not mean any of you any harm."
Karry whirled around dropping into a defensive crouch at the deep masculine voice behind her, every nerve in her body, both what she was born with and the ones heightened by experiments went on full alert. Several men stood against the fall wall, the only one standing straight was the one in the front, a woman at his side. She could tell by the way they carried themselves that none of them were human which meant only two things. One, they were going to kill her and everyone else for coming into their territory or two, they planned to sell them all off as slaves.
"What do you want here?" Karry asked as she slightly adjusted her body to take an attack if need be
"My brother wishes to meet the woman who leads these people. I would like you to take us to her; I swear we will not harm anyone. My name is Lucian LeSabor and this is my mate Kiryn."
Karry felt a shiver run up her spine at the name LeSabor. The rumors from every place she had ever been was that the LeSabors were monsters beyond even what they were born as, merciless and ruthless. She did not know that she had been in their land; if she had she would have allowed no one to leave the building but herself.
"You are already talking to me. I was informed that someone had entered and came down to check." Karry answered standing up but not letting her guard down
A look of shock crossed over Lucian's face and he knew Kiryn had the same expression. The feeling of astonishment was quickly followed by anger.
"How dare they allow their leader to come unescorted to a potential threat?! Do they have no idea how dangerous that is?" Kiryn growled
"It is my job to take care of everything for those who follow me, their needs and safety come before my own. I would think even the LeSabors would know that." Karry said sarcasm dripping from her words.
Karry watched as both the man and woman composed their features before looking her in the eye again. This had to be the strangest encounter she had ever had when dealing with members of the supernatural community. They truly didn't mean any harm, and even the panther DNA that had been injected into her and enhanced said they spoke the truth. She could feel her panther beneath her skin stretching to come out, begging to properly investigate the matter for herself, but Karry battled the urge away. She was embarrassed of what she was but more than that, she didn't want to give away her only card too soon.
"Would you consent to come with us to our home and meet with my brother?" Lucian asked
Karry tilted her head sifting through the words and the tone to find a hidden meaning but finding none, which bothered her even more.
"I don't think I can trust you." Karry spoke honestly
Lucian inclined his head which was another surprise to Karry. She wouldn't have thought that any royal supernatural would ever do that to anyone. She watched him closely as he turned to his men and apparently gave them a command that she couldn't hear as they backed out of the building and could be seen heading up the hill. She returned her attention to the woman and secretly scented the air. The woman didn't smell as most supernaturals did, nor did she smell human, the panther inside Karry pacing back and forth at the problem they now faced.
"I can assure you that no harm will come to those under your protection. My brother simply wishes to speak to you as the ruler of these lands." Lucian said again.
-Lucian, she isn't scared at all, instead she seems like she is ready for a fight.-
Lucian nodded to his mate and looked over again at the woman before them as her lavender eyes narrowed in speculation for a moment. Karry glanced over them and glanced at the door behind her finally releasing a small sigh.
"I will come with you as you have asked, but if my people come to any harm, not even Satan himself could protect you." Karry said slowly and loudly making sure that she would be heard.
"I understand, please come now I am sure my brother is growing worried." Lucian said
Karry nodded and started to follow that woman out, the girl looking no older than she herself did, though she knew better. She also knew that there was something between these two, something dark and though they were working through it, it still hung over both of them. As she left the safety of the building and entered the cool night air, she felt worry for her people as any leader would, but there was also a brief flash of pleasure.
As they walked, Karry was careful to memorize the way, just in case she would have to make a mad dash back down here later. She wondered vaguely why she was being invited to the castle to talk; after all they could have just killed everyone here. Keeping silent she continued to watch the two in front of her, though her attention was completely on them, her mind relaxed more than it should have been under these circumstances. The wind tugged at her wild mane of sable hair that for some reason under the right lightening had shots of deep purple running through it. She shivered a bit as she scanned the areas that could be used for hiding, wondering if people were there waiting for an order to attack the humans that had been left behind.
"You are oddly quite for a woman who is being asked to come and visit the master of the lands you are hiding on."
Karry lifted her head her gaze meeting Kiryn's and she shrugged her shoulders.
"There is nothing to be said. He demands to see me and I am coming at his order, it is the least I can do since we are staying on his land." Karry said her eyes continuing their scanning
-This woman is an odd one- Lucian linked to Kiryn
-I agree, but I must say I admire her courage in this situation. - Kiryn stated
Silence fell over the group again as they walked up the long road leading to the castle gates, Karry's breathing hitched a bit as she entered the courtyard but she tried not to show it. She had heard many stories of this place, all of them speaking of blood baths and death for those who entered but were not part of the LeSabor clan or family. She should have been more afraid now that she was here, but she couldn't seem to muster the energy for that type of emotion. She lifted her head a little higher as she entered the castle itself, though she had to admit that the dark red and silver tiling on the walls and floor looked nice. Maybe it made the small blood splatters that never got cleaned less noticeable, Karry thought to herself as a set of large oak double doors were pulled open for her.
"My brother is waiting for you inside."
Karry nodded her head and entered the study like room, the walls lined with more books then she had ever seen, the fire roaring in the hearth despite the lights being on. A desk sat in the middle of the room a man sitting behind it looking over the papers in front of him, the pure white of his hair gleaming in the lights. He glanced up at her and Karry felt pinned in place by the icy blue gaze that met her own.
Malachi was stunned for a moment at the woman who stood in front of him, her chin held high and her shoulders squared, just a hint of fiery defiance gleaming in her lavender gaze. She was smaller than he had thought she would be both in height and in size. She could only be five feet' three inches at the most, her body slim and compact like one would think a swimmer might be, yet she held herself with authority and dignity.
"You may seat yourself." Malachi said
Karry was a bit startled a the husky and sensual voice that came from the powerful looking man in front of her and a small shiver ran down her spine as she sat down in the chair across from him. He was extremely attractive, white hair that was both long and thick framed a face that would have made Adonis envious if he saw it. The dark green long sleeved shirt he wore did nothing to hide the obviously well-muscled build of his arms and chest, or his broad shoulders. Giving herself a mental slap across the face Karry pulled herself from her musings to focus on the matter at hand.
"I was told that you asked me to come here. IS there something that you wished to talk about?" Karry asked
Malachi chuckled a bit and pushed aside the paper work he had been looking over to give the woman in front of him his full attention.
"I think it is best to start off with introductions. I am Malachi LeSabor, king of these lands. May I get your name?" Malachi asked
"I am Karry Strayer, leader of a band of human vagabonds that are currently residing within your lands." Karry answered her worry increasing at the seemingly polite dialogue
Malachi nodded his head and leaned back in his chair, the leather creaking a bit as he did, his eyes running over the young woman in front of him.
"That does seem to be the case here. I have been watching you since you first entered the LeSabor lands and you seem to be without any real means of supporting yourselves."
Karry simply nodded her head as she watched Malachi, his long fingers touched together at the tips as he rested his elbows on the knee he had crossed over the other leg.
"Do you have someone; say...a male that leads along with you?" Malachi asked
Karry arched her eyebrow at the question a strange sense of foreboding washing over her as she watched Malachi's face.
"There is not, I lead everyone on my own. I don't see what this has to do with you asking me here." Karry said carefully
Malachi smiled a bit, the very tips of his fangs catching the light as he did. He leaned forward a bit and watched her reactions carefully.
"In that case this might work out better than I had thought it would." Malachi said as he rose from his seat to stand with a hand resting on the back.
"What would that be?" Karry asked as she too rose from her chair
Malachi smiled again this time a full smile revealing the sharp fangs and white even teeth. Karry simply stared as she waited for him to speak and when he did his next words sent her reeling backwards in shock.
"My offer to take you as my wife, and queen."