Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Twenty-Two: Futa Warriors! Exploding with Hot Passion
Summary: The futas has to fight to get past Ella's harem to make it back to the harem.
Keywords: hhh Hh hsolo hh oral inter voy exhib fantasy magic gamelit viol

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Brígida Vasquez

“Ten, nine, eight,” I countered beneath my breath as I felt the magic keeping my wall of fire up dwindling. The flames sputtered. The barrier had no fuel to burn, sustained only by my power that needed an influx of futa-cum to keep up. Now that jizz ran down my thighs as I prepared the spells. “Three. Two. One.”

The flames went out. On the other side, Akane and her ten members of her volleyball team were digging up dirt to try to snuff out the magical flames. Unprepared for the sudden cessation of the fire, we had our chance.

Kali's arrow hissed over our heads and took Koharu in the shoulder. The Japanese girl screamed in pain and spun around, collapsing. The words tumbled from my lips as Lada, Ocean, and Ejiro charged at the startled enemy.

“Eenaap Enaalid!” I chanted. Magic surged from me, empowering Tidal Wave. 

A roar and wall of water swept into Bryanna, Chelsea, and Susanna, the three volleyball players swept back into the wall of prickly holly behind them. They screamed as the sharp leaves poked at the exposed parts of their skin. I didn't want to hurt them, but...

They wanted to hurt us. My heart labored as Lada slammed her bronzewood sword down at Akane. The Japanese volleyball captain rose and parried, her doll-like face twisted in fury. Bloodiron screeched against bronzewood, the two weapons in a bind. Then they both snarled and attacked, their weapons a blur. Ocean crashed into Guiying while Ejiro fell up Mary Jo. 

Saffron's dagger flew through the air and took Lyda in the shoulder. The girl screamed in pain, wrenched the knife free, and flung it back at Saffron. The black-haired rogue dove beneath the blade, tumbled, and then burst up into a crouch, stabbing for Lyda's guts.

The battle was chaotic. Fatou rushed at Ejiro to attack her from the flank as she was busy with Mary Jo. Kali's arrow took her in the thigh, her flesh left exposed by her skirt of armor. She collapsed with a spurt of blood. At the same time, Celandine rushed at me.

“WITCH!” screamed the blonde White girl. She raised her bloodiron sword, madness in her eyes.

“Jaag Ahkohd!” I cried and pointed at her. Her body crackled with electricity. She collapsed to the ground, every muscle in her seized by the current, paralyzing her. She growled at me through her clenched teeth.

Saffron, Lada, Ocean, and Ejiro dueled with their members of the team, the air clattering with blows. The three girls I swept into the holly bush ripped themselves free. Bryanna, Chelsea, and Susanna all glared at me.

“Gnila, Goddess of the Cock and Mistress of Prowess,” prayed Aria in the background as the three wet girls rushed at me. “Share your boldness with us. Let us be as strong fighters as you are! To thrust into a pussy is to do battle with pleasure itself! Share that wisdom with us.”

“Eenahsor Ahkohd!” I shouted and struck Bryanna with blindness.

Kali's arrow took Susanna in the arm, spinning her around. Her sword fell from her grasp. Then Chelsea was on me. I jumped back as her sword hacked through the air. My body flowed with grace, moving with skill I shouldn't have. I felt... energized by a boldness. A prowess that had my cock aching even as death rushed at me. 

“Uyaav Enaalid!” I cried. A blade of air slashed at Chelsea and struck her sword as it went to hit me. 

It knocked her back, a wind bursting out around her. She stumbled and then an arrow struck her in the leather armor. The shadowy material deflected the arrow, but she still gasped. She staggered beneath the blow. Hissing, she recovered, the White girl's eyes mad with rage.

“Fucking bitch!” she screamed and thrust her blade at me.

“Eenahsor Rehpareh!” I cried and a burst of rainbow light exploded before her, dazzling her. She gasped and staggered back, dropping her sword and clutching at her eyes. She stumbled to the right, unable to see. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

Ocean screamed in pain, Guiying's sword ramming through my cheerleader's thigh. Blood spurted and Ocean fell back. She landed on her rump, her black hair spilling around her face. I couldn't help her. I had Akane's slashing her sword at me.

We traded furious blows as fear swelled through me. Ocean bled badly and the Chinese bitch raised her sword to finish her off. Ejiro dueled with Mary Jo, the two dancing around each other while Saffron and Lyda were engaged to my left.

“No!” I cried.

At the last moment, Guying cursed and darted to the right. An arrow struck her cheek, gouging down the side of her face and ripping at her ear. She hit the ground, screaming in pain. Kali had our back. That elf archer had skill.

“Aria!” I cried, but the futa-priestess was already rushing forward. 

The Black girl fell to her knees and put her hands on Ocean's bleeding thigh. As Aria prayed, a nimbus of silver light engulfed her and then spread into Ocean's leg. The blood slowed but didn't stop. A bad wound.

Akane's sword slipped past mine. Distracted by Ocean, I had fucked up. Her blade struck my breastplate, denting the armor. I felt the blow on my nipple. Pain burst through my tit. I gasped and staggered. The crushed bronzewood squeezed my boob, compressing it. I staggered.

Roaring in fury, Akane raised her sword to cut me in half. She slashed. I parried. Our blades collided together. I let hers slide past mine and then flicked out an attack that struck her in the stomach. Her armor held, the shadowy leather protecting her stomach not even marred by my sharp blade. 

She slammed her head into mine. Stars burst. I staggered back a step.

“Jaag Eeahir!” cried Brígida.

A bolt of lightning stuck Akane in the chest. Her shadowy armor burst with umbral motes even as the spell threw her back smoking. She crashed deep into the holly bush. I gasped, my head throbbing and my thoughts fuzzy.

To my right, Ejiro swept Mary Jo off her feet and kicked the girl in the head hard. Ejiro whirled around, looking for threats. But there was only Lyda dueling Saffron. The rogue twisted to the side and then caught Lyda's sword arm. Saffron pinned the limb to her body with her left arm and plunged her dagger low into the back of Lyda's exposed thigh just above the knee. The bronzewood knife cut flesh. Blood spurted and she dropped.

“Ejiro and Aria, you grab Ocean!” I shouted as some of the other girls were staggered. We should finish them off, but the idea of murdering them churned my stomach. They were my classmates. They didn't use to be evil. Those weapons perverted them.

“YOU FUCKING WHORE!” snarled Akane. Her armor had protected her from the lightning bolt. “When I get out of here, I'm going to shove my sword up your cunt and fuck you to death with it!”

She meant it. Christ, we had to find a way to save them. Ella had led our classmates into madness. It was sick. But we didn't have the numbers here. If we tried to capture them, we were risking the point of this mission.

It was a raid. We couldn't afford to be slowed down by prisoners. 

“Move! Move!” I cried.

“Where are they!” blind Bryanna cried, swinging her sword wildly, her red hair flying behind her.

“KILL THEM!” screamed Akane.

Ejiro and Aria lifted the wounded Ocean. Her bleeding had stopped enough for her not to be dying, but she still couldn't walk easily. It would have to be mended when we had safety. I charged out through the break in the holly bush, everyone following behind me.

We left Akane and her wounded squad. They were out of the fight. If they made the mistake of following us, then we'd have to do something. I really, really, really didn't want to kill them. It was such a waste. They were all such beautiful girls.

“Imoohb Rehpareh!” Brígida called.

A great burst of dirt showered into the air as a wall of stone thrust out of the ground, blocking the break in the holly. Brígida turned and darted to catch up with the rest as we moved through the dreamweave trees.

I patted the pouch on my waist. The weapons and armor for the others. We had accomplished our mission. We just had to get back safely. I burst into a jog, my tennis shoes smacking on the trail. It felt weird to wear this medieval armor and then a modern pair of shoes. Surreal, even.

But that was our new lot, wasn't it? We were in a fantasy world to save it from the evil of Ella. And we would. I was a cheerleader. I always rooted for the winner. And Virginia was that winner! She would crush that bitch and save the day. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I stared up into the tree. “Shit, she got free.”

“The assassin?” Lada asked as Aria and Ejiro set down Ocean.

“Yes!” I could see where I had left the dark futa-elf bound and dangling from the tree, the ring gag in her mouth. “Slippery bitch. I was wanting to put a collar on her and drag her back to my sister. That would have been so hot.”

“Yeah,” Lada agreed. “Kali, are we being chased.”

“If they are, they are not close enough for me to hear,” Kali said. “But if Surexila is free, we must be on our guard. She may be lying in wait to ambush us once more.”

“Ooh, I hope she is,” I said, such eagerness to take on the bitch swelling in me.

I wanted that cunt to ambush me again. This time, I would take her skank ass down. She would be my bitch. She would trot before me with a collar about her throat and her asshole dripping with my futa-cum. I would keep her bowels just filled to the brim with all the futa-spunk that I had in my ovaries.

It would be magnificent. 

I shuddered as my wild fantasies played out in my mind as we continued our walk through the woods. My bandoleer hung comfortably across my chest and between my small boobs. It was full of knives to throw. Weapons to defend myself. My pack held rope and all manner of bondage gear.

I would put that ring gag on the futa-assassin so I could fuck her mouth and not hear her wine. I'd sit on her back and grind my pussy on her as I made her crawl around and carry me. My own mount. I'd use a riding crop to whip her ass.

Her skin was so dark, though, so no markings would show easily. No blushing of her skin. 

That didn't matter. I would still spank her. I would make her squeal in delight. She would beg for my futa-cock to fuck into her bowels. Then I would grab her head and fuck her mouth to clean her dirty asshole off my dick before I flooded her with all my cum. It would be amazing.

I rubbed at my futa-dick. Half my shaft was buried into my cunt, my pussy so hot and juicy. Just walking was enough to stimulate the crown and send bliss rushing through me, but I wanted more than just that teasing bliss. I burned so much.

Surexila was supposed to be my bitch. Instead, the cunt escaped!

As I padded with the others, I gripped my girl-cock and fucked it in and out of my pussy. I shuddered at the silky delight. A rush of bliss rippled through me. I fought my grown, wanting to hide what I was doing from the others as they padded through the woods.

My pussy juices lubed the way. My girl-cock thrust in and out of my cunt with ease. My flexible shaft drank in the silky glide of my hot cunt. It was so wonderful to both stimulate my pussy and clit-dick all at the same time.

God, I was so awesome.

Pussy cream soaked my bush and started trickling down my legs. I bit my lip, working only a few inches of my girl-cock in and out of my snatch as I walked at the back of the party this time. I looked around, staring at the trees, keeping my ears pricked as we walked through the forest.

And savoring the wonderful delight of my futa-dick penetrating my cunt.

I trembled, my toes curling. The ache at the tip built and built with my every plunge into my pussy. Then I had the delight of drawing back my shaft. My crown drank in the silky grip of my cunt clenching down on that thick girl-cock. 

My ovaries grew hotter and hotter, the cum inside of them approaching a boil. At the same time, the ache at the tip of my dick swelled with that wonderful release. I would have such an explosive release. Just a big burst of jizz that would fire into me.

It was so amazing. I wanted to cry out my bliss.

Instead, I kept padding behind Ejiro and Ocean. They both looked great in their pleated skirts of bronzewood. The stiff bands that swayed, sometimes giving me a glimpse of their cute rumps beneath. They both had great thighs, Ejiro's having that pale-olive hue of East Asia. 

I shoved my futa-dick in and out of my own cunt faster and faster. I shuddered, my small boobs jiggling. My pussy cream soaked my hand, the tangy aroma filled my nose. It was such a fascinating delight to breathe in. I loved it. I breathed it in deeply.

My ovaries quivered. The itch hit that explosive ache at the tip of my cock.

I jammed my futa-dick deep to my cunt, my silky flesh massaging my spongy crown, and I erupted.

I fought my groan as my futa-cum fired into my spasming pussy. The dual delights of cumming with a pussy and a cock rushed through me. I shuddered, my dick erupting over and over again. I bathed my pussy while my body trembled.

I whimpered, releasing my cock and letting it unload in me. Ocean glanced back at me. I grinned at her as more and more of my futa-cum pumped into my snatch. My hungry cunt milked my girl-dick, working out every drop of jizz in my ovaries.

“You okay?” Ocean asked me.

“Wonderful,” I breathed, my pleasure hitting a peak in me. I stretched my arms, my hungry pussy suckling down every drop of cum that was in my ovaries. “Oh, you have no idea how amazing I'm doing right now.”

She shook her head. “You don't take anything seriously.”

Ejiro giggled. “Nope. She doesn't.”

“That's right,” I said, wanting to hum. My body buzzed with such delight. Instead, I played it cool and kept on walking, my eyes scanning the dark while my futa-dick ached in my juicy pussy. I had so much cum filling me up, all plugged into my cunt by my wonderful dick. 

Ahead, we entered the canyon. We were almost back to the others. Mission complete. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

The others slept. I couldn't. Not with Kali, Lada, Brígida, Aria, Ocean, Ejiro, and Saffron out there in the dark with no weapons. With those crazy followers of Ella out there. I didn't know if Ella was the Demon Lord everyone wanted me to defeat or not, but I would not let this world down.

I just wished the others didn't have to put themselves in danger.

And Saffron! My twin sister wasn't supposed to be on that mission! But she snuck off! I knew the moment that she was gone where she had went. So infuriating.

I paced. I stretched. I watched Willow sleeping with envy, the futa-dryad sandwiched between Avice and Tamera. They all looked so cute. The only ones up were Suzan and Janette who were on guard duty at the entrance to the cave. I kept glancing in their direction, but I couldn't see them in the near dark. It felt like it had been days since they left.

But it had only been a few hours.

My futa-cock swung loose between my thighs, not hard at all. Nothing to be excited about when I was drowning in worry for my lovers. My harem needed to be complete. They all had things to do. Acts that they had to perform.

Then I heard talking down the tunnel. I trembled as footsteps padded down the tunnel. Kali appeared first out of the gloom, her big boobs bouncing before her. She had her bow in hand and a big smile on her face. The quiver on her hip bristled with arrows.

“It was a success, Lady Virginia,” she said quietly so as not to wake the others.

I cupped her face and kissed her. My elf was back. Tears sprang in my eyes as our lips worked together. My futa-dick hardened as her futa-dick poked me in the stomach. Her lips tasted so sweet. So wonderfully amazing.

I broke the kiss to find Lada wearing armor with a sword belted at her left hip. She put her hands on her hips and asked, “Can I pull of being Wonder Woman?”

“Your hair's the wrong color,” I said, looking her up and down. “But you do have this Amazon vibe going on. Damn.”

“Yeah, like you stepped out of Themyscira,” Brígida said, my futa-mage stepping up. Her bush and thighs were caked in dried futa-jizz.

“Where's that?” Lada asked, glancing back at Brígida. “Thema-whatever?”

“Where Wonder Woman is from,” said Brígida, rolling her eyes. “I know you watched both of those movies. I showed them to you.”

Lada snorted. “That second one was so bad. She was lassoing lightning. I never saw something so funny in my life.”

“I'd totally lasso lightning,” Saffron said. She was coming up behind Aria, Ocean, and Ejiro.

My anger at Saffron for sneaking off vanished. Instead of yelling at her, joy burst inside of me. So I smiled at my twin sister then gasped as I saw the dried blood on Ocean's leg. “You got hurt?”

“Aria healed me,” Ocean said and threw her arms around the naked, Black priestess. The futa-cheerleader kissed Aria with passion, the pair melting together.

“We ran into Akane and her cheerleaders,” said Lada, her face falling. “Thanks to Brígida, we were able to get all we needed from the armory and escape. We might have killed one or two, but I'm not sure. It was dicey, that's for sure.”

“Yeah,” Saffron said. “I also tied up that dark elf assassin bitch, but she got away. I did fuck her in the ass.” My twin sisters grinned at me. “That was hot.”

“I bet,” I said and threw my arms around her. “I'm so glad you're safe, Saffron.” I loved all the women in my harem, but my twin sister held a special place in my heart. She was my first wife, even if Kali took my virginity.

I kissed my sister, my lips melting on hers. My tongue thrust into her mouth while my futa-dick throbbed into her belly. My round tits pressed into her small boobs. I didn't feel her clit-cock. Did she have it tucked into her pussy again?

I broke the kiss and fell to my knees before her, tits bouncing. The stream spilling out of the well and running through the cave babbled nearby. I grabbed her girl-dick and pulled it out of her cunt. She groaned as I did that. Her dick popped out wet.

I shoved it up against her belly and leaned in. I nuzzled through her black bush only to be shocked by a flood of futa-cum that poured out of her. The salty delight, flavored by her tangy juices, set my taste buds on fire. I quivered as I drank the flood. 

When it slowed, I gasped, “Why are you full of cum?”

“Full of cum?” asked Lada. “Saffron, who fucked you while you were...?” Her words trailed off. “Wait, did you masturbate while on the way back?”

“Yep!” Saffron said with such impish delight. “Big time. You had no idea, either. I was fucking my cock in and out of my pussy and then came in myself. I'm a sneaky fucker, aren't I?”

Lada snorted in laughter while I just moaned my delight. It was such a treat to lick my own twin sister's cum out of her pussy. I thrust my tongue into her twat. The flood had slowed, but there was still plenty of futa-cum for me to find and enjoy.

My tongue thrust into her snatch. I swirled around in her. I danced my tongue, churning her up. She tasted so good. She groaned, shuddering on my face. I licked at her with such passion. I lapped at her with everything that I had, drawing out those wonderful drops of her salty cum. 

She groaned, her body swaying. She stared down at me with such heat in her hazel eyes. Her small breasts jiggled. She ground her cunt across my face, smearing that wonderful and delicious pussy across my lips. It was a fantastic delight. I loved every moment of it. I savored every last second of licking at her. I lapped with such passion.

“Oh, yes, yes, that's so hot,” moaned Saffron. “My sexy twin sister is feasting on the creampie I made for her. Ooh, yes, yes, just getting out all that yummy cum.”

“I am,” I moaned, my futa-dick twitching beneath me. My pussy dripped cream down her. “Won't someone please, please, please fuck me!”

“I would be honored, Lady Virginia,” Aria said, her beaded braids clattering as she moved behind me. The sexy, Black girl sauntered by, her round boobs and big cock jiggling as she passed by. “I will fuck you so hard. Gnila blessed me with a dick and Eenoy gave you a juicy pussy. It is fate that we come together.”

“Kismet, sis!” moaned Saffron. “Yes, yes, that's it. Lick that cum out of my twat! Eat my jizz!”

I did. My tongue danced around in her tangy pussy, her bush rubbing on my lips and chin. I closed my eyes, savoring the delight. And it only got better when Aria pressed her futa-dick into my pussy lips. I shuddered, my hand gripping my sister's girl-cock, keeping it pinned to her stomach and out of the way as I devoured her.

Aria thrust her clit-dick into my pussy. Her big, Black cock stretched me out. I groaned, clamping my pussy down on her delight. Her braids clattered together as she bottomed out in me. I groaned, savoring her girth in me.

“Aria,” I moaned in delight, reveling in her being in me. “That's perfect.”

“Mmm, I know,” she groaned and drew back her hips. My pussy clung to her dick. I savored her girth withdrawing out of me. “Oh, that's amazing.”

My cunt clenched down on her futa-dick. She rammed back into me. She buried to the hilt in my pussy. I shuddered, scooping out more and more of my sister's cum. I licked and lapped, savoring that incestuous treat mixed with her tart pussy juices.

Saffron's girl-cock throbbed in my hands as I feasted on her pussy. Her small titties quivered. She stared down at me with such hunger in her eyes. Such lust. It was an amazing moment. I loved it. My tongue thrust deep into her cunt, searching for any more of her cum. 

I couldn't find any. I danced around in her as Aria fucked my cunt. The Black futa drilled my pussy with her hard thrusts. I shuddered, loving the pleasure shooting down to the tip of my dick. Pussy cream ran down my throbbing shaft as Aria churned me up.

“Oh, that's so good, Lady Virginia,” moaned the sexy futa-priestess. “Ooh, your pussy is just amazing. This is wonderful.”

“It would be better if that fucking bitch-ass-cunt-slut-assassin-whore hadn't escaped!” Saffron moaned, her cock pulsing in my grip. “I had that skanky twatwaffle. I had her!”

“You'll get her,” I moaned, pulling my face from her pussy. There was no more cum to enjoy. 

I leaned back, my pussy clamping down on Aria's drilling futa-dick, and opened my mouth wide. I brought my sister's futa-dick to my lips covered in her tart cream. The scent filled my nose. My lips slid over her crown, the flavor of her twat melting through my mouth.

I swallowed my sister's taboo cock. My lips sealed around her shaft. I suckled on her as Aria pumped away at my cunt. She thrust her big, Black futa-dick over and over into my cunt. I groaned, rocking forward and swallowing more and more of my twin sister's girl-cock.

Her tip reached the back of my throat. I kept going. I relaxed my gullet and deep-throated my twin's dick. She gasped, her head snapping back. She shuddered, her face contorting with the bliss of sliding down my esophagus.

“Shit,” she moaned. “Oh, Virginia! You're the best twin sister ever. Ooh, deep-throat my cock!”

“Yes, yes, deep-throat your sister's dick, Lady Virginia!” panted Aria as she hammered my cunt. She thrust harder, plunging into my juicy depths.

I moaned from the pleasure that my Black futa-priestess gave me. My pussy drank in the heat, the tip of my dick aching while the pressure swelled in my ovaries. I would unleash so much spunk. I would just explode with all that cum in my ovaries. 

My lips slid further and further down my sister's shaft until I nuzzled into her taboo pussy lips. Her juicies spilled over my cheeks again. I breathed in her tangy delight. My tongue thrust out and fluttered at the folds of her cunt, giving her a bit of delight as I moaned around her cock.

“Fuck, Virginia,” moaned Saffron. Her hands grabbed my blonde hair. “Jesus, that's incredible.”

“It is,” moaned Aria, your pussy is just so wonderful. I love being in it. I savor it so much. This is incredible. I'm going to cum so hard. Just spurt you full of all that jizz.”

I wanted to moan out how wonderful that idea was, but I had my mouth and throat full of my twin sister's futa-dick. I moaned around her cock to give her the most pleasure I could. I knew she would have a big orgasm.

I slid my mouth up her shaft. I wanted to have her cum in my mouth. To fire all that jizz into me. It would be incredible. I suckled as I slid up and up her shaft. Aria thrust away at me, my ovaries on the verge of erupting. I was so close to that moment of pure bliss.

It would be incredible.

“Oh, that's it,” gasped my twin sister as the crown of her cock slipped out of my gullet. My tongue danced around her spongy tip. “That's just wonderful. Ooh, yes, yes, I love that. I love what you're doing to me. Oh, god, that's perfect. That right there. You're going to have me exploding. Fuck, yes!” 

I nursed on her, my round breasts swaying beneath me. My futa-cock twitched every time Aria slammed into my cunt. I was so close to my own burst of bliss. My twin whimpered, her head shaking from side to side. 

“Fuck!” Saffron moaned. Her futa-dick erupted.

Hot cum fired into my mouth. That wonderful jizz spilled over my taste buds. It was incredible to enjoy her salty spunk flooding my mouth. I gulped it down. I swallowed blast after blast of her spunk. It warmed my belly and melted delight down to my cunt being stuffed with hard futa-dick.

“Oh, Lady Virginia,” moaned Aria as she hammered my twat. “I'm so close.”

So was I. As she buried to the hilt in me, my futa-dick erupted. Hot cum fired out of my clit-dick while my pussy writhed around her thrusting futa-dick. I shuddered, the heat sweeping through my body and drowning my mind. Stars burst across my vision. I gulped down more of my twin's cum.

“Ooh, that's so hot!” Saffron moaned, emptying her ovaries into my mouth.

“Lady Virginia!” groaned Aria as she plunged to the hilt in my cunt. “I love you!”

Her futa-cum pumped into my spasming cunt. I groaned around my twin's cock as all that hot jizz flooded my snatch. My pussy convulsed harder while more jizz erupted from my girl-cock and splattered the floor. My boobs swayed beneath me.

It was so wonderful. My pussy milked Aria's cock while I suckled the last of the cum from Saffron's dick. My dual pleasures surged through my body and lifted my mind to such heights of ecstasy. I soared through those rapturous delights for one glorious second.

Then I crashed down to earth. I shuddered, my eyes squeezing shut. My pussy milked out all the cum that was present in Aria's futa-dick while I trembled. I savored this moment. Drinking my twin sister's cum and milking my Black priestess's girl-cock were amazing.

“Ooh, that was great,” Saffron moaned. “But I am so bushed. We have a lot of traveling to do tomorrow.”

“Indeed,” Kali said. “We should head east to the human fortress of Narinda. From there, we can travel to the Spring of Maidenly Oozes which lies in the Stony Teats Mountains. We should leave at first light. Only a few hours away.”

I slid my mouth off Saffron's cock, drool running down my chin. Suddenly, staying up so late was pressing on my mind. I felt so tired. “Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's get some sleep.”

“Mmm, wanna cuddle?” asked Saffron. She arched her eyes at me.

“At least then I can be sure you're not sneaking out to go on missions you weren't supposed to even go out on,” I said, giving her a stern look. “I'm not going to let you go. We're going to spoon.”

“Ooh, I get to be the little spoon, right?” she asked. “All safe and sound in my big sister's sexy arms, her futa-dick buried into my butt-crack.”

I burst into giggles and shook my head. She would never change, would she? I would be worrying about her until the end of time. 

I made sure that Ocean was really not hurt. She had a patient smile on her lips as I examined her thigh. The bronzewood armor looked great on them. The breastplates that cupped their breasts and the skirts made of thin straps of the same metallic wood made them almost seem like medieval cheerleaders. Like they could just start busting out a routine at any moment.

That made the tired me giggle more than it should have.

Finally, Saffron pulled me down for sleep. I cuddled up to my twin sister from behind, my futa-dick nestled between her butt-cheeks, kept safe and warm by her buns. I held her tight, lying on the makeshift bed. It should be too uncomfortable to sleep on, but I fell unconscious almost immediately.

I dreamed I was running through a dark dungeon. I charged down tunnels, golden light spilling off my body. My cock throbbed hard before me, pulsing with lust. Something dark jumped out of the shadows, an oily, black thing in the shape of a busty woman. I slapped a hand into her jelly-like flesh.

She flew back and hit the ground with a wet splat. Her flesh rippled. Then she moaned and grabbed her futa-dick, stroking it. I kept running by her, my round boobs bouncing before me. My blonde hair streaked behind me.

A spider woman with white hair scuttled out of the ceiling. She had eight spidery legs and the torso of a human. She leaped down at me. I dove beneath her and came up. I smacked the chitin of her abdomen.

She skittered in passion, golden light rushing around her body.

I kept running. I had to keep moving. I had to save someone. I raced through the tunnels and then burst into a large room. My heart pounded in my chest as a woman sat cross-legged on a throne of skulls. It was horrific. The woman wore black-thigh high boots, her skin pale white and her hair midnight black. She smiled, sharp fangs flashing. A corset lifted her large breasts into two mounds, her nipples pierced by black rings. A chain and collar led to a girl kneeling at her side, weeping in pain.

She looked up and—

I bolted awake with a gasp, holding Saffron in my arms. A shiver ran through me. I swallowed, my heart thundering in my chest. My entire body brimmed with such fear. A deep terror that shuddered through my soul. Those teeth.

I groaned at that shitty nightmare. I held Saffron so tight, nuzzling into her back. I was so afraid I would lose her. She kept sneaking off and doing dumb things on her own. She was lucky I saved her from being Vixen the Succubus's little bitch.

What if she got captured by some awful monster like that thing sitting on the throne. I shuddered, my skin crawling. I closed my eyes, my heart racing. I didn't want to go back to sleep. I was worried that I would fall into the same dream.

Sometimes, that happened. The same dream would just repeat over and over again. 

Instead, I listened to Saffron breathing as I came down from my terror. The clammy grip on my guts relaxed. My heartbeat slowed. I breathed in the scent of my twin sister. She was right here. Safe and sound. My nightmares didn't have to worry.

Yet. 

Who knew what tomorrow would bring. Or the next day. 

I fell back into my sleep. My dreams were a dark blur. That nasty woman with the fangs was in them. Lurking. I kept having to search for someone. I had to rescue her. I had to save her from the darkness. It was horrible.

And then I ran into Saffron kneeling. She smiled at me. “There you are, Virginia.”

“What?” I gasped as she grabbed my cock and swallowed it. She nursed with passion on my dick. “You're impatient with me. I was so worried about you.”

“I was perfectly fine,” Saffron said even as she nursed on my cock. She sucked with such force, I rose from the ground. “I promised I would always come back, right? I won't ever break it.”

“Right,” I groaned, rising higher and higher. I floated through the ceiling, in a world of darkness. There was just Saffron nursing on my cock. “I know you'll always come back. You're my twin sister!”

“I love you, Virginia,” Saffron moaned, her tongue dancing around the crown of my dick.

My pussy clenched, the heat rushing through me. It felt so incredible. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of this moment. It was incredible. I whimpered, my head tossing back and forth as I savored her nursing on me.

She blew me with such passion. She suckled on me with such force. It was outstanding to feel. I groaned, my face twisting with the bliss of this moment. With the absolute passion of her suckling on me. It was incredible to enjoy.

“Oh, yes, yes,” I groaned. “Oh, wow, that's wonderful, Saffron.”

I rose into... into... My body.

My eyes fluttered open. I stared up at Saffron standing over me, her cock tucked into her pussy. She had a big smile on her lips as I groaned. A mouth suckled on my dick. A hot and hungry mouth that blew me with such passion.

“You thought it was me sucking your dick,” Saffron said, shaking her head. “You can't tell me apart from Willow.”

“Oh, god,” I groaned, seeing Willow's curly, green hair spilling about her nut-brown face. Her green eyes stared up at me. “I'm so sorry for mixing you two up, Willow. Ooh, you're making me feel so good. Yes, yes, that's wonderful.”

The futa-dryad slid her mouth up my cock and moaned, “I just had to love you, Lady Virginia.”

“Aria and her girls are cooking breakfast, then we'll be on our way,” said Saffron. “Enjoy. I'm going for a look around outside. Make sure it's still safe.”

“No, wait!” I gasped as Saffron sauntered away, her naked rump wiggling.

“I'll be back,” she said in a thick, Schwarzenegger way.

I groaned, shaking my head and then shuddering as Willow loved my futa-dick with such passion. She suckled on me with all that she had. It was rather amazing. I groaned, my face twisting with delight. My back arched, and my boobs shook.

The dryad danced her tongue around my dick as she loved me with everything that she had. She nursed on me with such wondrous passion. It was amazing to feel. I loved every second of it her mouth working warm and wet up and down my shaft.

I squirmed on the ground, my breasts jiggling. My face contorted with delight. The other members of my harem were moving around me, smiling at me. The cheerleaders were donning their armor while the delicious scents of cooking came from the priestesses on the other side of the room. The futa-mages were fucking each other.

Brígida was dick-deep into Sylvia's cunt, her blonde braid swaying as the Hispanic futa fucked her from behind. Frederica and Iseul were sixty-nining not far away, their fingers buried in the other's cunt. I shuddered, my own pussy clenching.

“Willow,” I whimpered, my pussy growing hotter and hotter.

The naughty futa-dryad slipped her fingers into my butt-crack. She rubbed at my asshole. I shuddered and bit my lower lip. She caressed my sphincter in slow circles before her two fingers drilled against my anal ring. She popped into my bowels with ease.

I groaned, my futa-dick twitching as she sank her digits into my bowels. It was a wonderful delight to enjoy. I loved every moment of it. The heat was incredible. My head tossed from side to side. I whimpered, my heart racing. 

“Oh, you're going to get a breakfast of futa-cum if you keep that up,” I moaned, savoring the way the futa-dryad bobbed her head. “Yes, you are. Ooh, just keep sucking me like that.”

She groaned, nursing on me with such passion. I shuddered, my head tossing from side to side. My heart pounded with the force of her nursing. She suckled on me with such passion while her digits plundered my asshole.

The heat those thrusting fingers generated in my bowels melted to my pussy. To my ovaries. They brimmed with the cum that Willow's nursing brought closer and closer to erupting into her mouth. My face contorted with the pleasure.

“Oh, that's it,” I groaned, the ache at the tip of my dick about to burst. “Oh, well, that's... that's... Yes!”

I squealed out my delight and flooded her mouth with my cum. I pumped blast after blast of jizz into her mouth. My body bucked as the cum fired out of my dick. Stars burst across my vision. My back arched, my breast heaving from side to side.

“Oh, god, that's so good,” I whimpered, ecstasy firing through my body and rapture washing out of my cunt. “Willow!”

She gulped down my cum. My asshole writhed around her digits. I trembled, my boobs heaving. Stars burst across my vision as the dual delights rushed through my body. My toes curled as the pleasure drowned those nightmares out.

“Oh, thank you, Willow!” I howled as I hit the peak of my rapture. “Mmm, you know just what to give me, don't you? Just what I need.”

My futa-dryad slid her mouth off my cock. She had drool and cum on her lips and chin. She smiled at me and winked a green eye. 

I smiled back, feeling so relaxed and wonderful. I breathed in the scent of breakfast. My stomach rumbled. Time to eat and then leave our refuge behind. 

The meal was simply biscuits without even any gravy. Aria looked apologetic, but we had been in a hurry to get out of here. Still, it was warm and fluffy and there was enough for everyone to eat their fill. There was almost a festive air about them.

My harem was full of smiles. Laughing and joking. Seeing the futa-cheerleaders in their armor seemed to lift everyone's spirits. We had Kali with her bow looking sexy and dangerous, plus our own personal guard of hot warrior women who all had big dicks beneath those skirts made of strips of bronzewood. Their swords only added to their perfection. These were the women who were going to lead us to safety.

I smiled, so glad that we were going to make it out.

After breakfast, the dishes were washed thanks to the pitcher of everflowing water. It was a spell Brígida had cast. A simple one to enchant something small. “Eenaap Anagnar,” she chanted. After that, whenever it was tipped over, a stream of liquid poured out. “Gaa Rehpareh” was used to heat the wash water.

Then we all enjoyed sponge baths. We wiped ourselves down, getting off the dirt and dried cum that decorated most of our bodies. There wasn't much fooling around now. We had to get going. There was an air of urgency building and building.

Saffron slipped in from her scouting. “We're clear. For now. I don't think those bitches realize just how close to them we've been hiding. That illusion worked out well, Brígida. Still going strong.”

“It'll last a few more days,” Brígida said, pushing up her glasses. The petite, Hispanic futa-mage stood proud, her girl-dick hard before her.

“I pray to you, our Seven Harmonious Goddesses, to watch over us on our travel to Narinda,” Aria prayed, her hands lifted into the air, her ebony breasts quivering.

Her futa-priestesses knelt around her, chanting, “Loving and Merciful Goddesses, watch over us!”

“We do travel into the wide world while beset by our enemies. Eenoy, let your magic fill Brígida and her mages. Gnila, let your bold prowess harden the spirits of Lada and her cheerleaders. Natsi, let your gentle healing empower the miracles of my priestesses and me. Ivara, let your sunlight guide us with knowledge. Taari, let your darkness cover the eyes of our enemies and keep us safe. Jeeba, keep us safe so we can enjoy the pleasure of your orgasms. And Adna, we place ourselves in your hands, the foundation of life.”

“Guide us and protect us, our Seven Harmonious Goddesses,” the other futa-priestesses chanted.

A tingle washed through the air. I shivered as the blessing fell on us. I closed my eyes and breathed in a deep breath. This was it. We were off on our quest. No more dreaming of another world. No more hiding in a cave. We were moving out.

“Saffron, make sure it's safe,” I said. “Kali, be at her side. You're our guide. Lada, form up your girls.”

Saffron winked at me before she darted out through the illusion. Kali bowed to me, her ears twitching, then my futa-elf followed, her bow in hand. Willow pressed close to me. I put my arm around her. I could see the fear in her eyes.

“Okay, girls,” said Lada. “I'm upfront. Ocean and Suzan, you have the rear, the rest, you're on the flanks. I want two columns around them. Mages and priestess, keep Queen Virginia in the middle. She's more important than all of us.”

A murmur of, “Yes!” and “She is!” and “We'll protect her!” echoed around me.

Everywhere I looked, I saw my concubines beaming at me with such love. The bold cheerleaders, the demure priestesses, and the energetic mages all spilled around me. Brígida and Aria ended up behind me with a ring of mages and priestesses around me. I had Avice's plump rump and Addy's cute ass before me. The cheerleaders formed up on the flanks. 

Kali stepped back through the illusion and motioned us forward.

My heart fluttered a wild beat. I held Willow to me. She wasn't the only one scared. I was glad to have her beside me as we walked down beside the purple stream flowing out of the cave. The illusion rippled as we flowed through it. I felt the magic tingle over my skin. A moment later, I was out in daylight.

Birds sang in the trees. It was like the desperate flight of yesterday had never happened. I stared around at the canyon, the holly bushes leading up the slope we had come down. The great dreamweave trees rose around us, their golden maple leaves gleaming as they caught the light. A wind rustled through them. The air had a sweet scent. A drowsy aroma that made me want to lay my head down and go to sleep. To dream.

We marched down the canyon, all of us looking around. It was so peaceful with the birds chirping that it seemed too good to be true. That our enemies could be lurking around every tree. I kept glancing up at the top of the canyon for any sign of Akane and her volleyball team or the teachers. They could rain down spells on us. Ambush us.

Then there was the assassin. Surexila had escaped my twin sister's bondage. She would be pissed. Out for vengeance. She held a grudge. I could just feel that in my soul. She would be an issue that would have to be dealt with.

But the attacks never came.

The canyon gave way to the forest once more. We turned to the left, heading away from the school. From the rest of our classmates. I feared what Ella was doing to them. I hoped she wasn't hurting the other girls. 

No, Ella thinks she's saving the world, I thought. She's going to convince them to join her side. Her army might even grow.

That was a disturbing thought. It was bad enough that Akane and her girls had been corrupted by the bloodiron, but the rest of the girls at our school? Things were going from bad to worse. I had to complete these trials and gain the golden power.

Because I was utterly useless.

I had no special abilities. I could make new futas. That was it. And so could my futa-wives. Brígida, Aria, and Lada could do that. Heck, so could Saffron. And everyone in this world was futas. So there wouldn't be any more opportunities.

These thoughts danced through my mind as we marched through the woods.

The day grew warmer. The trees thinned after two hours and then the forest came to an end. It was a strange border. They just... stopped and before us was a plain. It was rolling with grass, a sea that stretched off toward a horizon. Mountains were looming in the distance. They looked purple through the atmospheric haze.

“The Stony Teats?” I asked, pointing to the horizon.

“Yes,” said Kali. “The Spring of Maidenly Oozes lies in those mountains. Narindar is before it. We're on the edge of human lands. To the east, is their farmland. It's prosperous lands. Or was.”

“Was?” I asked as we stepped out into the plains.

“Blight. They're fighting to save their crops. The Demon Lord's work, of course.” The elf shook her head in disgust. “There might be famine.”

I swallowed. Things were getting so real.

We walked across the plains for the entire day, stopping only for food at midday. The mountains came closer and closer. They were a series of peaks that thrust into the air. They did kind of look like boobs but with white nipples. Glaciers, I supposed. The sun sank to the west, the shadows growing long, when a road appeared.

It was dirt but well-traveled. It came from the east and turned to the south, the direction we were heading towards the mountains. Towards Narinda. The fortress soon appeared in the distance sitting on a hill. It was a squat and ugly thing with a tower thrusting out of the center of the walls. Black smoke rose from one side of it.

“Something's wrong,” Kali said. “There are no soldiers on the battlements. And they have not blown the trumpet announcing our arrival.”

“Great,” Brígida said. “They're all dead. That's the trope we're in right now.”

“Dead?” I gasped as we kept walking to the fortress.

“I fear she's right,” said Kali. “I can smell fire on the air. And blood.”

“Get ready,” Lada shouted. “Eyes in all directions. Mages, ready to do your magic shit.”

I swallowed, fear squeezing about my heart as the fortress loomed closer and closer.

To be continued...
