Amy's Senior Year: Scout Dip
by TwinkleTwinkie

Amy takes a dip in the river, but has to negotiate.

Amy was in charge of the girl scouts of Troop 666. She was 18. She normally would have been kicked out of the scout troop. However, this was Amy's first year in public school. She has been part of a unique homeschool program before that allowed her to take college marketing classes for her electives. All other subjects were taught through her computer. Amy had long flowing bleach blonde hair. Her skin was the color of a raw hotdog. Her eyes were like the clear blue oceans. Her round butt was small like a baby's. Her breasts were big like an airport neck pillow. Amy often looked at her reflection when getting dressed thinking her breasts may not be Playboy big, but good sized.

Her parents wanted her to communicate with more people her age besides her brother and twin Michael. He was always in public school, so he will be starting classes in college. Amy was glad. Michael could be a bit of a nerd, and she wanted to be popular, break some rules, and experience life.

The troop set up their camp. The campsite was a field of grass. Across the rocky street, was an RV and the manmade river. Amy came hoping they would be close to the water to swim. The troop had four propane tanks connected to their stoves and lamps. Most of the girls were chilling around telling stories. Amy was setting up a private tent. She chose to pitch it by one of the few bushes. Amy is still a stubborn woman. When she wants something, she will not give up. Not being at the river would stop her.

She was currency wearing jean shorts and her scout shirt. The shirt was blue with their troop number over her left breast. Amy bought this shirt when she entered 7th grade. It was well worn. It was large. Now it has a hole on the back bottom edge of her shirt. Her hiking boots covered her feet. Amy had her blonde hair in a ponytail. She stood in front of the other scouts.

"Alright troop! Tomorrow we will begin by making breakfast. The rules for the night are:

Keep your voice normal and not loud.

Do not leave a trace.

Lights out at 11pm.

The bathroom is a couple blocks from here towards the entrance. It has a shower stalls and toilets."

The girls brushed their teeth and went to bed. This story is not about them. Amy walked behind the others to make sure nothing was left behind. No stragglers left behind. She had to remind a few that this is the outdoors. Following that statement by explaining bugs live outside and suck it up. As everyone else left their sleeping bags in their tents, Amy went by each tent throughout the next hour. Amy was busy shushing giggling girls. Several minutes finally occurred without needing to control her scout troop.

Amy at this point was the only one up and out of her tent. She checked her watch. Midnight. She was heading over to the bathroom to shower until she noticed the campground across the street. The lights were all off. Her eyes were dilated from staying up in the dark wilderness. Amy decided to swim.

Amy grabbed her beach towel for the swim. She hurried as quietly as she could. When she went by the RV, she decided it was a good landmark for finding her clothes. Amy unveiled her breasts. She let go and let the shirt fall into the grass. She untied her boots and took them off. Then she got her socks off. She unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts. She moved her hips to the left and right as she pushed her shorts down. Amy unclasped her bra, then leaned over to remove her panties. As the panties fell, she pushed the bra to collide to join the rest of her clothes all in a pile. The cold breeze felt nice. Amy was glad it was still fairly hot outside.

Amy hurried down the edge into the river. The cool water crashing and rippling around her bare skin. As she walked along the edge of the river, tall grass brushed and tickled her between her legs. Amy began to fantasize about the new school year. She hoped someone would hold her and spoil her. She wanted to be kissed all over her body. She pictured in her head a short haired blonde jock leaving the football field. As he got closer more of his skin was exposed. Amy focused on his cock. Amy did not really date. She had a few offers, but those men only wanted to fondle her and have sex.

Amy got out of the cool water. She went over to the RV. No clothes. She circled the RV, but she could not see any clothes. Amy was surprised she did not find it with the RV light on. Light ON!! Amy quickly covered herself up. One arm was across her breasts and the other had her hand over her pussy. Amy had a pretty good idea of what happened.

Amy slowly approached the RV. She quickly uncovered her breast to knock on the metal door. She quickly covered back up. Amy could see a large shadowy figure answer the door. Behind the door, stood a tall white man around seven feet tall. He had huge muscles and abs. He looked like he was in his mid twenties. He had wet long brown hair that fell as far as his lips. Amy's eyes fell on the man's right hand around his penis with Amy's panties. Amy was nearly speechless from the sight of the hunk in front of her. She did not notice the warm cloudy liquid dribble down her legs from her clit.

"Do you have my clothes?"

"Clothes are a big trace that you were here. I do not think you're even old enough to do something so inappropriate!"

"I happen to be eighteen years old! It is dark out! Stop rubbing yourself with my panties!" Amy boasted. The man sped up the speed of his hand stroking his penis.

"You should be in your tent...."

"I am used to a few hours of sleep," Amy interrupted. Amy was biting her lip. She was being turned on by the man.

Amy stepped up and pushed the man backward. Amy closed the metal door behind her. She pushed the man's head down to taste his lips. She could taste the mint toothpaste from his breath. He grabbed her rear with both hands. He lifted her up. Amy wrapped her legs around his waist. He began kissing her neck. He gently lowered Amy onto his couch. As she hit the couch, he descended his kisses down her body. When he came to her nipples, he sucked them like a newborn child. Amy was breathing heavily. Amy's eyes looked out at her campsite.

The man's face was in Amy's vagina. He was lapping up her juices. Amy held her hand out. As she lifted his face from her soggy pussy, she mouthed, "I need to get my clothes and leave." She put on her shorts, bra, shirt, shoes, and socks. The man handed her back her now soiled panties. Amy pushed his fingers around it. Then pushed his hand back.

As Amy walked back to her tent, she noticed a slip of paper with ten digits on it. Under that was the name, Carlos.
