Title: Island Sex - Robert
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: The lusty tale of a South Sea island girl's life and loves as told by her husband's viewpoint from when he met her. Second of 3 parts (so far). (FM+ MF+ preg)
*********************
In my third year at university I was in class beside an island girl named Moira. She was barely 5 foot, slim with nice sized breasts, brown skin, and the usual long dark hair. I was intrigued by her since I had never known anyone from her culture. She shyly responded to my attempts at conversation. I thought that it must be because she was innocent and uncomfortable with men...how wrong that was I would later learn. After repeated gentle inquiries, she explained that she was the first girl from her island, and the first one in her family, to go to university. The different culture and education system required her to work very hard. I offered to mentor and tutor her if that would help. I was in engineering school and, being a bit of a nerd, did well in my studies. This act of kindness brought a beautiful smile to her face. I was captivated. Her defensiveness reduced as we became friends during the tutoring sessions. She began to accompany me to school events but resisted good night kisses on her doorstep.

Finally something changed. First, kisses then slowly progressing to more intimacy. When we reached the oral sex stage it became evident that she was being my teacher and was still holding back from fully letting go with me. We were never completely nude at that point. On my birthday we went out for a rare restaurant dinner and Moira invited me to her room afterwards. She went to the bathroom and come out topless in a native sarong which soon went to the floor. She led me to her bed, helped me strip and lay back in welcome. I didn't last very long my first time inside a pussy. Unbelievably good feeling! Moira rolled us over, got me hard again quickly and sat on my cock. This was wonderful. I could caress her breasts and just enjoy the motion of her pussy. I lasted longer and we both climaxed. What a happy birthday!

She wouldn't let me spend the night and said we could only have sex once a week even though we got together other times. I really began to wonder about my assessment of her sexual history but was not brave enough to ask her directly. During an anthropology class that we had together she brought up the subject of sex in different cultures. When I saw the reading list she gave me I got really curious. What was she trying to tell me? As we fucked, I began asking more direct questions and the answers I got "knocked my rocks off". She had been having a lot of sex for a long time! I was both excited and scared. Why was she attracted to an inexperienced nerd like me? Could I measure up to her standards? Would she leave me in the dust?

We began having sex more often and she revealed more about her island's sex culture. That part got me excited, especially when she told me of her participation in unusual parts like fucking male visitors. She was proud of her experiences and pleased that I could begin to understand and accept them. One weekend we had pizza and beer with two male students from her island. Afterwards I had to ask her more about them, knowing what I now did about her customs. She revealed to me that they had been her fuck buddies since shortly after she came to university and that she planned to continue with them. She went on to explain that they were only friends and that she had much more special feelings for me. I remember that, as she rode my cock she  told me, "It doesn't wear out you know."

How I managed to keep my studies good during this time of rapid emotional change I just don't know. Perhaps it was Moira's emotional support, understanding, guidance, and frequent lovemaking. As I got more, her sex buddies got less. The inquisitive me learned that she enjoyed each of her partners a bit differently and that she usually did not screw more than one of us a day. That opened up another avenue of discussion. I had been reading about women having multiple partners and that "sloppy seconds" was a special erotic experience. When I mentioned this to Moira, she related a story about fucking three men in close succession. The second man, a young neighbor boy, had remarked how good her pussy felt being full of cum. Of course as she told this story to me I had my cock deep inside her pussy. When she asked me if I was ready to find out firsthand, I blasted a hot load on her cervix. I stayed hard as she went on to say that tomorrow she would fuck one of her buddies after dinner and come directly to my room. At the prospect of my first "creampie" I fucked her like a madman. It was very hard to concentrate in class the next day. About seven, Moira came through my door, quickly stripped (I couldn't miss the wet crotch of her panties), and spread her legs next to me in bed. I rolled into her wet, wet vagina in one stroke and blew my balls out on the third one. She was grinning at me and said, "I think you like shared pussy". I hadn't softened and grinned right back as I kept sliding in and out of the wettest, warmest, slickest place I could imagine. The erotic thoughts about all the mingled sperm we were both feeling right then helped us have a great finish.

That really "broke the ice" for me. It was finally clear that sex was like a good meal. To be enjoyed at the time and in memory, but one would soon enough be "hungry" again. Home cooked meals were often the best, prepared with love, but a restaurant dinner could be a great experience as well. Who and when she had fucked was always in the past. Whatever cock was in her cunt NOW was all that mattered. I decided that if I couldn't be the only cock in her pussy, I would try to always be the most recent one. I felt ready to explore all the wonders of sex with her. Eventually we even tried some multi-male sex with her sex buddies and I got to watch her suck and fuck them. It was quite an experience to watch another cock filling the only pussy I had ever fucked, to hear the grunt or groan as he pumped his seed deep inside her, and to be holding her when she orgasmed with him. It was enlightening how she could welcome another familiar hard cock into her cunt as easily as she welcomed mine. I also learned that oral sex with fresh cum in her pussy wasn't so bad, even if it wasn't mine. 

One weekend we were all drinking a bit more than usual and Moira bragged that she could outfuck all three of us. Well, she proved her point but wouldn't let anyone near her pussy for a few days afterwards! Another memorable episode was when a woman visited Moira from her village. She was few years older than us, quite a bit taller than Moira with a chunkier but not bad figure. I was offered to her according to custom. Moira went to the library to study and I had my second sex partner. This new partner encouraged two good rounds from me before Moira returned. We all fit on the bed together and Moira managed to get some loving for herself from a nearly worn out me. The visitor got a "good morning" fuck before departing. Later I told Moira that "sex with our visitor was fun but it helped me realize just how good you are in bed." Although that was intended to be very diplomatic, I hadn't yet realized how much my growing feelings for Moira were involved in my sexual satisfaction.

When holiday came, Moira insisted that I come home with her to the village. I really wanted to see this place she had told me about. When we arrived I was very pleased to see the many nice brown tits displayed by the sarong skirted women. I was a light-skinned novelty and they soon crowded around us, not minding if they pushed their bare tits on any part of me they could. Much was being said in their native language and Moira turned to me with a pleased look on her face. She told me, "Lots of the village women want to offer you 'visitor hospitality'. You know that I am looking forward to fucking many of the men I have had in the past so I guess it is only fair. Are you interested?" I quickly replied, "I wouldn't think of being an ungrateful visitor..."

Moira's mother helped arrange our sex schedules. That two week period gave me more sexual variety than most young men get in years of college. I was happily getting laid by a very interesting selection of women - all shades of brown; all body types and sizes; all experienced and enthusiastic. Even if their English wasn't very good, it didn't matter. I lost track of Moira at times and figured she might be getting more than the planned number of dicks. I was happy for her since I was being well taken care of! She was very tender and loving when we were together each night and would tell me what she had done...if I asked. And she did ask about each of the women since she knew them all. I thanked her for building up my stamina so much, to which she replied, "I have a reputation to maintain, you know!" I laughed and hugged her.

The last night Moira's mother claimed the parental right to give me a "sex exam" and Moira didn't object. I knew she would spend the night with her mother's partner whom she had fucked before. Her mother was in her late 30's and, like most island women, in good physical shape. She spent a lot of time examining and sucking my circumsized cock...a new experience for her. Then she fucked my brains out as many times as she could get me hard enough to slide into the vagina Moira was birthed from. I found out where her daughter got her sex drive and talent from!

Back to school, and a chance to recover. Not very much later Moira began noticing changes in her body. Her birth control had suppressed her periods (convenient for her sex life) so she went to the university clinic to find out what was going on. They confirmed her pregnancy. Somehow, the stimulation of many different penises, the innumerable sprays of sperm on her cervix, and the constant presence of seminal hormones from multiple men in her vagina for almost two weeks must have caused an egg to begin its journey toward the many billions of wigglers. Who might the father be? It was unlikely my sperm that reached the target. My cum loads were deposited late in the day and were minimally potent because of all the sperm I had been distributing around the village earlier. There were so many shades of brown in her background that no matter what the baby looked like it wouldn't help me know if it was mine or not. In their culture it didn't matter anyway so why should it matter to me? It did make me wonder if any lighter skinned islanders would be birthed nine months after my visit.

I married her right away in a civil ceremony. The village bonding ritual would happen the next time we visited, possibly after the baby was born.  We found a flat and set up our new household.  Since I had read that women can get extremely horny when pregnant, I encouraged her to keep her fuck buddies. It may have saved my life!

