"Oh, there you are," Face said a half hour later. His gaze traveled over Amy's body, curled up in the desk chair as she perused a magazine of real estate listings.

Amused, he noted, "I like the way my shirt looks on you."

"What happened to my clothes?" The words came out a bit more sharply than she'd intended.

"Murdock hid them. He was hoping you'd come downstairs before I did." Face looked at her, considering. "You heard, then."

Amy nodded, having already decided she wasn't going to pretend she'd heard nothing. "Why do you put up with his jealousy?"

Face shrugged. "I've put up with worse."

The way he said 'worse' made Amy ache for the things she hadn't known he'd endured. How many lovers had only seen what he'd been willing to give, had demanded more that he hadn't been willing to give, had caused him to run away? How much pain had he gone through? Whatever the amount was, it was more than Amy could bear. In that instant, Amy started reevaluating the entire situation. She'd said yes to dating them because she'd been curious, but curiosity didn't account for the way she felt. She'd been pleased to discover her lust for them matched theirs for her, but this was the morning after, and it felt like she had forgotten to protect her heart.

She got up, needing to kiss Face in a way she hadn't needed to the second before. He accepted the kiss as if he, too, needed that sort of intimacy. The slow, achingly tender kiss lingered a moment before Face stepped back.

"Come on, Murdock has breakfast waiting."

Amy took a deep breath. "If I come downstairs wearing your shirt, will he be jealous?"

"Only if you don't wear his next time," Face replied, half-jokingly. His smile slipped when he took in Amy's wary expression. "Amy, it's not you. He just needed me to show him I hadn't forgotten him."

"And that fixes everything?" Amy snapped, suddenly feeling like she was in the middle of a badly written soap opera.

"In this case? Yes, it does," Face answered steadily. "Feel free to continue to be mad at him, if you like, but he really does make excellent waffles, and I just made a fresh pot of coffee. Oh, and one other thing, in case you've forgotten: Murdock is crazy, obsessive, and prone to believing in things that aren't there. Being declared sane enough to be released from the VA didn't change that."

Amy nearly laughed at the way he defused her temper. "And that's supposed to make me feel better that he thought to use me as some kind of pop quiz for you?"

"I'd rather it was you," Face said honestly. "I don't have to put together a pretty cover story." He paused.

His posture and facial expression changed subtly, becoming somehow less open even while it conveyed a friend's exasperation. In a very convincing voice, he said, his hands underscoring his words, "I'm sorry — he just gets that way. He's my best friend. He and I served together in 'Nam — well, it did things to his head, you know, and he was in a mental institution for years, but he was eventually certified sane. There are moments, though, when he just cracks and I don't know what possesses him sometimes-"

"Oh, God, stop," Amy said, pained. "I get it, I get it. But you'll understand if this just—" She blew out a breath. "Makes me reconsider a few things."

Face nodded. "I'd wonder if it didn't."

She inhaled deeply, then started for the stairs. "I don't suppose you have any idea where my clothes are?"

"No clue," Face replied, following her. "Did I mention I like the way you look in my shirt?"

Deliberately, Amy stopped. "You did," she said, turning to face him. "And I think it would be wiser if you went downstairs first instead of me."

Face looked at her a moment, sighed, and then moved to do as she suggested.

Murdock was finishing setting the table when they came down the stairs. A platter of waffles sat in the center, along with a bowl of mixed berries and maple syrup. When he saw her, he put down the last plate and moved to kiss her.

She didn't move to meet him halfway, caught in a tangle of emotions. Standing there, she was shocked to discover how much she was willing to forgive him, how much she needed to forgive him.

Her hesitation caused Murdock to stop.

"You overheard?" he asked her. At her nod, he chuckled grimly. "I don't suppose I can plead temporary insanity?"

"I'd believe that more if I didn't feel like you planned to use me from the start of this crazy affair," Amy scoffed as her temper flared.

"I didn't," Murdock shot back. "I swear to you, Amy. I wasn't expecting to feel jealous of you and Face, and it messed me up."

His face was bleak with self-pity. Unable to keep her heart from forgiving him, she took a deep breath. "Last night, you made me feel like I had a special invitation to share in the love you and Face have. If you'd woken me up instead of hiding my clothes, hoping I'd wake before Face, I might still feel like I was seeing something special. Why didn't you?"

"I was too busy jumping to conclusions," he admitted.

"Idiot," she berated him. His wry, self-mocking smile answered her. "I might forgive you if your waffles are worth it."

Hope lit up his face. "Then by all means, have some."

"Or I might just forgive you now," Amy continued as if he hadn't spoken. "I thought I was supposed to be the one freaking out here, not you. I've never done anything like I did last night. For that matter, I've never dated more than one person at a time. And it feels like the best thing that I've never thought I wanted, but now can't imagine being without."

Murdock stood still, taking in her words. Face busied himself with pouring coffee into mugs, but she knew he was listening just the same.

"Next time," she told him as she pulled out a chair at the table, barely managing from jerking it out, and sat down, "wake me up. If it takes physical demonstration for you to believe in someone's love for you, then for God's sake give me the chance to prove it."

She stabbed a pair of waffles off the platter. "Butter?"

"Coming right up," Face said smoothly, hiding a grin.

Murdock looked shell-shocked. "You love me?"

Face handed her the stick of butter. She sliced a pat off, enjoying the way the action felt more than she supposed it should, and dropped it onto her waffles.

"No, I'm in love with some other Texas flyboy who's been certified sane," she snapped, annoyed. The words shocked her; she hadn't realized she felt that way until just then, and had to take a deep breath. To give herself room to adjust to the idea, she added, "Maybe I'm just saying it because I'd rather not spend the rest of the day mad and would like to get back into my own clothes. What do you think?"

"I think," Murdock said carefully, "I'd better not piss you off again, either way."

"Do you want any cream in your coffee?" Face asked, holding a carton of half-and-half.

Amy looked at him, abruptly uncomfortable. He didn't seem bothered by her declaration, and she let out a small sigh of relief. She knew she cared about him, but it wasn't yet the depth of emotion she felt for Murdock. She wasn't sure if it would ever be. Not quite trusting she wouldn't say something she'd regret, she simply nodded her head in response to his question.

Face handed her the carton and then sat down as Murdock made his way to his own seat. "Did you have any plans for the day or did you just want to get back home after breakfast?" Face asked as they began to eat.

"I'm supposed to meet some friends this afternoon for shopping and dinner," she replied. "It's our once-a-month girls' night out. Did you have something in mind?"

"Not really," Face answered. "I just wanted to spend a bit more time with you." He shot her a teasing grin. "Considering you just declared your love for another man, I think I need some reassurance you still want me for my body."

Amy took a sip of coffee, needing the moment to think of a comeback. "Nah," she said finally, "I just want you so you can make my friends jealous."

He sighed dramatically. "Reduced to a prop. I think I'm going to go back to exploring my love of men. Murdock, do you think you could teach me a thing or two about that?"

"Oh, I don't know," Murdock replied, smiling, "I might have to make sure my girlfriend's okay with that. Amy, will it shock you if I taught Face a thing or two about gay sex?"

She feigned horror, knowing it was her cue even as she took comfort from their teasing. "You're gay? Oh my God, Murdock, how could you fool me like that?"

"Really, darling, it's just this one time " he began, but they couldn't look at each other before they started laughing.

After breakfast, Face shooed them out of the kitchen. "Go get Amy's clothes," he told Murdock. "I'll handle the dishes."

"I put them in my room," Murdock said, leading her through the door off the dining room, which turned out to be a bedroom furnished as if he still lived in it.

"You keep your own room?" Amy asked, surprised.

"When Face first found the house, we weren't seeing each other," Murdock explained as he pulled out her clothing from underneath the pillows on the bed. "Sometimes the nightmares come back and neither of us wants to be in the same bed. Thankfully, that hasn't happened in a while. I've just never gotten around to moving my clothes upstairs."

Amy took the clothes he handed her. "No room in the closet?" she teased as she debated whether or not she had a right to be modest. Deciding that being modest was silly given what had transpired the night before, she started unbuttoning the shirt she'd borrowed.

"Well," Murdock conceded, "there's that."

He took a deep breath and reached for her hands, stopping their movement. "I'm sorry, Amy. I can't promise I won't have moments like this morning. Face will be the first to tell you I'm not an easy person to love."

"I'm beginning to get that idea," she agreed. "I'm still a bit annoyed with you, mind."

"I figured," he accepted. "But at least you can't say I'm not crazy over you." He paused. "May I show you how much?"

The smoldering flame she saw in his eyes startled her. "Proving it to me?"

He shook his head. "No," he said softly. "Because I want to love you. You're so beautiful, so passionate, Amy." His hands slipped up her arms, bringing her closer.

She watched, hypnotized, as his lips slowly descended to meet hers, and then he stopped, a hair's breadth away from kissing her.

"Say yes, Amy," he whispered.

"What about Face?" she wondered.

"Don't worry about me," was the quiet reply from the doorway. She turned to look at him, seeing only assurance. "You two need this more than me. Besides," he added with a grin, "we don't have to do things together all the time." Then he gently closed the door, leaving them alone.

"Amy?" Murdock asked again. "Please."

She looked at him, her heart full of love and longing. The depth of both surprised her. Somehow, she'd thought one night would ease that ache, but now, looking at him, she knew she'd been wrong. She was still annoyed, but being annoyed didn't change the fact she was still attracted to him, still wanted his kisses, his touch. It wasn't enough to overcome the want she felt now, nor was it enough to not forgive him.

Instead of replying with words, she kissed Murdock slowly, unsure at first if she was doing the right thing. He kissed her equally slowly, thoughtfully, lingering as if he was trying to show her his passion was nothing to fear. She quivered at the sweetness of his kiss even as his hands finished unbuttoning the shirt, sliding it off her shoulders and down her arms until she stood naked beneath his gaze.

Gently, he laid her down on the bed. His hands and mouth began a lust-arousing exploration of her soft flesh even as she reached for him, needing to touch him as much as he was touching her. Tenderly, they made love, solidifying their love for each other.

When they at last left Murdock's bedroom, Face was watching TV in the living room.

"Feeling better?" he asked them seriously, turning off the TV.

Murdock walked up and kissed him. "Now I am."

Face smiled. "Amy, did you need to head back? You mentioned something about meeting your friends, and it's almost two o'clock now."

"Trying to get rid of me now?" she teased.

He shrugged. "Well, if you'd rather stay —"

She shook her head. "No, I'd better go. My car's still at work, and I was supposed to meet them half an hour ago."

"Then I'll make sure you're not any later."

The following weekend

Face studied the woman who occupied a place in his heart as she leaned on the railing of the back deck. Rain whispered its promises on the wind, but it had been threatening to pour for hours. She'd been quiet all day, and he hadn't thought much of it at first, attributing it to the late night they'd had. She'd been a bit moodier than usual as well, and he wondered what was bothering her.

Stepping out of the dining room via the screen door, Face crossed the deck to hold her. Oddly, she didn't lean into his embrace the way she normally did. Fear shot through him as an old paranoia about abandonment he'd never been quite able to shake raced through his mind. Face let his hands and arms drop to his side.

"Amy?" He swallowed the fear. "Are you .do you not want me to touch you?"

"No!" she said quickly. "I'm just — " She stopped and sighed in frustration before offering him a rueful smile. "You know how you wondered if I freaked out in private?"

"And are you?" he asked gently.

"A little," she admitted.

He raised an eyebrow.

"Okay, so a lot," she revised in a rush. "It just hit me when I woke up this morning, the way you and Murdock were curled around me, and you were both holding me like it was " She fumbled for words and gestured helplessly when she couldn't find them.

"Like it was what, Amy?"

"Like it was the way I'm supposed to wake up on a Saturday morning. Like maybe I want to keep doing that every morning. If you told me I'd wake up one day wanting that, back when we were a team, I'd have thought you were telling me the greatest joke in the world."

Face chuckled softly. "I wouldn't have believed you'd have wanted it then, either."

She was quiet a moment as she crossed her arms and pulled them tight against her body.

He studied her, seeing confusion and unhappiness. "What's on your mind?" he asked gently.

She took a deep breath and exhaled it. "Love," she admitted. "Us, this whole relationship." She half-shrugged. "The way I feel about you, about Murdock."

"I know you love Murdock," he told her, a slight grin tugging at the corners of his mouth as he remembered how she'd declared it. "There's nothing that says you and I have to be in love as well to do the things we do together. Do you care about me?"

"Yes," she answered without hesitation. "I very much love what we do together, Face, and I love you more than just friends, but it's not the way I feel about Murdock. I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize for how you feel," he told her as he ignored the pang her words gave him. "Sometimes I've thought that loving Murdock takes up so much room there's not much left over for anyone else." It was a truth, but it wasn't all of it. He didn't want her to feel like she had to match the depth of his emotion. It wasn't what he wanted from her, not now. He figured he had plenty of time to convince her he was worth her love.

"It's just " Amy struggled to find the words and paced a few steps away from him before turning back. "I feel like I'm cheating you somehow."

"Why?" he asked. "If you pretended to be in love with me because you thought I needed that, then maybe I can see you feeling like you were cheating me." He looked at her with an understanding smile. "We've only been together like this for five weeks. Took me longer than that to admit I loved Murdock."

She stared at him, not quite sure whether to believe him or not. "How long?"

He chuckled ruefully. "Almost a year. I freaked. It wasn't pretty. I spent some time trying to prove I wasn't in love with a man, much less someone who was having problems coping with reality."

Understanding flashed across her face. "That's one of the reasons why Murdock gets jealous sometimes, isn't it?"

Face nodded. "Made worse by the fact I didn't want to be in love anyone, either. What he and I have now didn't come overnight. It took us years to get here. There was a long time when I was sure we'd never be able to live like this."

Gently, he added, "I can live with knowing you care about me, Amy, that you love being with me, and if it never gets to be more than that, then that's more than I had three months ago." Silently, he prayed that with time it would be more than that, but he'd learned the virtue of patience years ago.

"But if I decided not to tell my friends that you're anything other than my friend and Murdock's best friend, would you be upset that I'm hiding the truth?"

"Not as open-minded as you'd like them to be?" His right hand smoothed a loose tendril of hair away from her face, making her smile at the gesture.

"Robyn talks a good game, but when it comes down to it," Amy looked at him sadly, "she's very conventional. She's my closest friend. Heather's fun to be with, but I wouldn't trust her not to try to seduce you."

Face chuckled. "Well, she can try, but I'm not going to let it get that far." He paused, knowing what he needed to say next. If his heart broke in the process, well, it was a small price to pay to keep her in his life. "Amy, we all make compromises. I lived with Hannibal enforcing a 'don't touch Murdock in public except as a friend' rule for years; I can live with Murdock being the boyfriend you admit to having."

She smiled, but it didn't quite light up her eyes. "I just want to shout to the rooftops sometimes how lucky I am to have you and Murdock. But other people aren't going to understand this."

"No," Face confirmed unhappily. "You have to admit, Amy, it sounds really kinky. You're in love with a guy who's in a committed relationship with another guy. You're having sex with both guys, and the three of you are friends."

"Put it that way," Amy said slowly, "and it sounds more titillating than it is. I don't see it as that. It feels, well, normal, like maybe we've been headed towards this all along." She looked at him. Her face revealed the sense of confusion she felt. "There's a part of me that thinks maybe I shouldn't see it like that. Like maybe I should be with Murdock more than you."

"Do you want to be?" Face asked carefully. His heart was in his throat, but long practice had him hiding that dread.

"And wonder if it's going to be the thing that drives you and Murdock apart?" Amy shot back. "Pretend like I don't lust after your body and the way you make me feel? I don't know about you, but I haven't ever managed the whole 'we'll still be friends' once the sex part was over."

Face shrugged, though he was secretly relieved. "It wouldn't be the first time someone chose someone else over me."

"Do you want me to?" Amy countered. She looked miserable at the thought, but he recognized she had the right to ask. "I mean, I think I'd understand if you thought it was better if I just stayed away."

"How could that be better?" Face reasoned. "We'd be making Murdock choose, too, and for what?"

Amy shrugged. "You tell me. I never pretended to understand the logic behind half of your schemes. It's always been enough for me to know you had a plan, I had a part to play, and if we were successful, we'd do something for the team."

"And what of our friendship, Amy?" Face asked, irritated. "That wasn't anything I planned."

"That's different," she argued. "I didn't plan on that either. But I'm standing here wondering if you wouldn't be happier giving all your love and attention to Murdock."

Face stared at her. "Where the hell did you get that idea?"

She held his gaze for a moment before looking away. "I watch you with him sometimes and it just — there's no way I should be a part of your relationship. You have so much history with him, so much love for each other, and I don't know how I'm supposed to act when you look at me like I'm the present you never expected to have."

"And you think we'll get tired of you?" Face asked. "Speaking for myself, I don't think I will. You think I want to give up your friendship, give you up as my lover? I don't have to pretend anything with you, not like I would if you were any other woman.

"I don't want to give up being with you. I've just gotten used to believing we can make this work. I don't want to go back to just being your friend, Amy. I'm not sure I can pretend not being that interested in you, not after knowing what I know now." He shook his head ruefully. "It was a lot easier when I was just guessing what kind of lover you'd be. For a while there, you had me worried that you'd run off with Daniel Running Bear."

She half-chuckled. "I think I worried everyone where he was concerned. Hannibal asked me if I was going to come back to LA."

"Well, from where we were all standing, it looked like you'd fallen pretty hard for him. He pretty much fell the day he met you."

She shook her head. "He wanted forever. I didn't." She sighed. "Which leaves me to wonder what you want from me and if you're just saying what you think I want to hear."

Annoyed, he snapped, "No. God, Amy, you think I'd con you now, over something as important as this? Do you think I really want you to not trust me?"

"No," she said swiftly, "but I wonder if you're just doing this to keep Murdock happy."

He stared at her, shocked again. "I wouldn't," he said, incredulous at the accusation. "I'd do a lot, but not pretend to want you this much. I couldn't. Amy, sweetheart, what is going on in that head of yours? Are you that scared? I haven't seen you this afraid since we had to run from those guys in Jamestown."

She closed her eyes briefly. When she opened her eyes again, she didn't meet his gaze, but looked away at the trees that bordered the back of the property. "The last time I wanted something this badly, and was this sure I'd screwed up, was when I was on that plane to Mexico with you and you were explaining to me that Murdock was really insane."

He chuckled, remembering, but quickly sobered as he caught the implication of her words. "And what makes you think you're screwing it up?"

She didn't answer right away. She was pretty good at rolling with the punches, he knew, but he also knew the way she dealt with the fallout was to analyze it to pieces when she thought it was safe.

Finally, when the silence had stretched to a thin razor wire of anticipation, she admitted, "I keep thinking it's not supposed to be this simple. I keep looking over my shoulder for someone to tell me I can't have what I have with you and Murdock, that it's against the law or something."

"It probably is in Missouri," he said quickly, grinning.

When she didn't return his smile, he studied her a moment, assessing her. What he saw made him sigh. "I can't promise you what we have now is going to be all candlelight and roses, Amy. I think you know us better than that."

"I know," she said quietly. "In some ways, I wish I'd just met you and didn't know everything I do."

Face smiled. "You'd still be freaking out, Amy. You weren't expecting to fall in love with Murdock."

She shook her head slightly. "Am I that much of an open book to you?"

He drew her into his arms and held her close. "Well, it helps that I've known you a while. If you were taking this all in stride, I'd wonder if you'd gotten too good at hiding how you feel."

She chuckled ruefully. "Somehow, I don't think I'd be able to hide much from you."

They heard the screen door slide open and turned to see Murdock step out.

"Oh, there you are," he said, clearly relieved to know where they were. "I was beginning to wonder where you'd gone off to."

Something in the way he said it made Face narrow his gaze. Amy glanced at Face, then looked at Murdock. She felt Face's hands start to slip from where they rested at her waist. With a sudden start, Amy realized that Murdock was jealous and that Face was moving to intercept it. She quickly reached down and grabbed Face's hands, stopping him. He looked at her. His expression warned her she'd better let go.

"We were just talking, Murdock," Amy said quickly. "Have I told you lately I'm in love with you?"

She saw Face's look that said she'd made a great save. She let go of his hands so she could turn towards Murdock, who looked caught off guard by the question.

"Not lately, no," Murdock said finally, and smiled. "Why don't you two come in before it rains and you can show me?"

Three weeks later

The bedside clock's alarm shrilled and was instantly silenced by a slap of Murdock's hand. Hearing it, Amy groaned at the reminder she needed to be awake, wishing for a moment she could stay safely tucked in between her two lovers. It didn't seem fair that they lived far enough out of the city that she had to get up at five to be at work on time, but being with them was worth it.

Though it was only the second weekend in a row she'd spent the entire weekend with them, she was starting to really get used to waking up like this. Face had draped his arm around her waist in his sleep, keeping her spooned up against him, while Murdock had chosen to sleep facing her, his arm around her as well. The mornings she spent in her condo waking up alone just didn't seem to feel right anymore.

"Don't go," Face said as he tightened his grip on Amy, who was promptly distracted from answering with a deep kiss from Murdock.

Reluctantly, Amy pulled back from the kiss and squirmed against the hold. "Guys, come on. My adoring public waits for me to tape the week's segments."

"Oh, but we can adore you here just fine," Murdock said, his hand slipping down her waist to the junction between her thighs, his fingers slipping underneath her panties and seeking the sensitive flesh hidden there.

Inhaling sharply, Amy tried to ignore the spike of desire that flooded through her. "Stop that! As much as I would love to stay, I was late last week and my producer wanted to fire me."

"I suppose we should let you go," Face mused, considering. "Are you coming back tonight?"

Amy smiled at the request. "Of course. You promised to show me the house on York Street you're renovating, remember?"

"So I did," he agreed, and then kissed her before slipping out of bed so she could get out on that side, which was the closest to the bathroom.

She noted with a smile that her lovers took the opportunity of her leaving the bed to snuggle with each other. They were still that way when she exited her shower and changed into the clothes she'd brought with her two nights before. She had a sneaking suspicion they were doing more than just holding each other, but didn't dare look. If she looked, she knew she'd be tempted to join them in what she'd learned was Murdock's favorite way to wake up.

Amy headed downstairs as she tried to get the images of her lovers together out of her head. Two days ago, they'd been more than happy to demonstrate just how she could help them make love; it had been a very arousing and educational experience. Combined with the way they made love with her, together and separately, it was nearly enough to make her want to head back upstairs and call in sick just so she could repeat those experiences. She forced herself to continue downstairs, reminding herself that even if she wasn't looking forward to a day in the studio, Murdock had flying lessons to teach and Face was going to check on the progress of the house he was having renovated for sale.

She shook her head, amused, as she realized how very lustful and loving her life had become. It didn't seem real, somehow, that she was this happy, that Face and Murdock were happy with her. She still had some doubts, but she was beginning to think that her fears were unfounded. Murdock loved her, and she knew Face cared about her. Both men did their best to make sure she felt included in their lives, without pressuring her to give up her own. In return, she tried to give them as much as they gave her.

The smell of coffee from the automatic coffeemaker pulled her out her musing and into the kitchen, where she poured herself a cup and added half-and-half. She was careful to leave enough half-and-half for Face and made a mental note to buy more on her way back to the house later.

Humming to herself, she toasted a slice of bread and located the jar of peanut butter. While the bread toasted, she walked to the living room, flipped on the TV to the news, checking on the early traffic report as she sipped coffee. When she heard the toaster pop up the bread, she spread peanut butter on the toast and finished both it and her coffee while watching the news. She turned off the TV and put her dishes in the dishwasher, as comfortable in this house as she was in her own.

She spent a moment putting down the top of her convertible before sliding into the driver's seat and turning on the radio for traffic updates. Pulling into the street, she navigated the now-familiar route to work, her mind focused on the segments she was to tape that day even as she wished she could have stayed with her lovers for one more hour. Even at that early hour, it was beginning to warm up; it promised to be a typical summer day in LA.

Traffic into the city was just starting to build, but Amy had allotted enough time for any potential problems. She'd just taken her usual turnoff to the route she preferred to use to get to the Channel 11 office tower. It went through a section of the city that was in need of revitalization; a semi-abandoned strip mall sat a few blocks away from the freeway off-ramp; a city park that had seen better years bordered one side of the road; the few houses around looked as though they'd been condemned. It wasn't the greatest sight to see on the way into work, but Amy knew it was faster than trying to go through the main drag. She was sitting at the lone stoplight, wondering if she'd ever see any dogs hanging out behind the chain-link fence of the doggy day care on the corner, when, out of nowhere, a man jumped into the passenger seat of her car.

He pointed a gun at her. "Do as I as I say or I'll shoot."

"What do you want?" Amy demanded, turning to face her kidnapper. He was a middle-aged Caucasian man, with wavy brown hair and an otherwise unremarkable face and a medium build. He wore a denim work shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his forearms, cuffed with neat precision. His brown eyes were hard as they stared back at her.

"Keep driving," he told her. "And shut up." He pressed the gun deeper into her side.

Amy's mind spun. She'd expected something like this to happen in the days she'd been a part of the team, but not now. Still, she wasn't entirely surprised, either; she knew the team had made a lot of enemies, and some of them even knew she was a member.

She drove, not wanting to piss off her attacker just yet. She knew she had to escape. The guys wouldn't know where she was; they'd have no reason to believe anything was wrong. They'd drilled in her the need to see avenues of escape; she just hadn't thought she'd ever need them again now that they were safe.

Mentally, she scoffed at that idea and forced the rising hysteria down. She needed a clear head; she needed to think. The only person who could get her out now was her. They were currently on an open stretch of road near a city park; if she remembered right, the road curved and there was a giant oak that protruded out into the sidewalk that denoted an access road into the park.

Opportunity came as they rounded that curve in the road and she flooded the gas pedal. With a silent wince at the damage she was going to cause to her car, she aimed for the tree.

Her kidnapper saw her intent and grabbed the parking brake. It was too late to stop the impact. For a moment, he lay dazed in the passenger seat, blood streaming from where his head had made contact on the dashboard.

Sparing him only the briefest of glances, Amy unfastened her seatbelt, wincing as she felt the bruises across her torso. Ignoring her pain, she started trying to get out of the car. Her door was stuck shut. She hastily started to move out over the door as her attacker started to stir.

She got as far as a leg over before he grabbed her, dragging her back in.

Squirming, kicking, trying her best to get free, Amy fought with her kidnapper. She found a way out of the car, only to be snatched back. She lost a shoe with only the briefest of regrets. She'd managed to elude her attacker and was celebrating the fact she'd kept up with her running when she felt the sting of a needle and then remembered nothing else.

10:00 AM

"Looking good, Luka," Face said, clapping his general contractor on the back. "How much longer?"

Luka surveyed the progress. "We get the drywall up; we have another two weeks, maybe three. Is good house. You know how to pick them, boss."

"Good," Face smiled. "Is there anything I can do for you?"

Luka looked at Face. "How big is the next one?"

"Not very big," Face told him. "Two bedrooms, one bath, about fifteen hundred square feet. The bath's the big problem — it's going to have be completely torn out and redone. Your cousin might like it — it's in Calabasas."

Luke looked surprised. "How'd you know my cousin was looking for a house?" he asked.

Face hid a grin, pleased to be able to surprise him. "You'll let him know?"

"Of course. You make him a deal?"

Face chuckled. "Maybe," he promised. "I'll leave you to it, Luka."

Luka nodded. "Thank you."

Pleased with the house's progress, Face headed off to pick out flooring for the next house. He was halfway to the store when his phone rang.

"Hello, I'd like to speak with Templeton Peck," a woman's voice said.

"This is Templeton," he replied. The professional way she said his name made him prepare to dismiss her as a telemarketer. "How can I help you?"

"My name is Robyn Johnson. I'm a friend of Amy's from Channel 11. I found your card in her Rolodex, and since it has her boyfriend's name scribbled on it, I'm hoping you can help me." She took a deep breath. "Have you seen Amy at all today?"

A sense of foreboding rose up in him, nameless and too strong to ignore. Over the years, Face had learned to trust his instincts; they were pealing bells now. Hastily, Face pulled over to the side of the road. "No, not since she left the house this morning around six."

"House? Oh, right, she mentioned you and Murdock shared a house. So is there any chance she and him might have left together?"

"No, he and I were having a discussion," Face said smoothly. Yeah, if you consider having sex a conversation, he thought, but the need for discretion was an ingrained habit. "I take it Amy isn't at work?"

"She usually stops by and we go get coffee before she tapes her segments on Mondays. It's now ten, and even accounting for traffic, she's never later than eight-thirty. Well, except for last week, when she said Murdock distracted her."

Well, it was more me and Murdock, Face thought, but we won't get into that. Aloud, he said, "So I heard. I can call him and check to see if he decided to convince her to play hooky, but he's probably up in the air teaching flying, so it might be a while before I get back to you. Is there a number I can reach you, Robyn?"

"Yes." She gave him both her office and home numbers. "Thanks, Templeton. I hope she's okay."

"I'll let you know as soon as I do," he promised. He hung up and quickly dialed the airfield.

"Lammas Field, this is Judy, how can I help you?"

"Hi, Judy, this is Templeton Peck. I'm trying to get a hold of Murdock. Is he in the air right now?"

He heard the rustle of papers before Judy said, "Yes, he is. He should be touching down around noon, though. Would you like to leave him a message?"

"He didn't happen to bring his girlfriend with him today, did he?" Face knew the answer was no; he'd heard Amy's car leave, but he wanted to double-check. Silently, he calculated whether or not to tell Judy to get a hold of Murdock now.

No, better not. If Amy's just out somewhere and forgot to let anyone know where she went, I don't want Murdock worrying any earlier than necessary, Face thought.

"No, the guy he's teaching booked him for four hours — guy really wants to get his instrument rating something fierce — and Murdock usually lets us know if he's bringing along someone. Is she missing?"

"Her work's trying to find her," Face said. "I'm just checking all the possibilities." He forced a cheer he didn't feel into his voice. "Maybe she just decided to take an unscheduled vacation day and forgot to tell everyone."

"Well, I hope she's okay," Judy said. "I'll let Murdock know you called looking for her. Does he have your number?"

"Yes, but please tell him to call me on my mobile. Thanks, Judy."

"You're welcome," Judy replied, and hung up.

Possibilities swam through his head, but he forced himself to focus on driving, to ignore the well of fear that had settled in his stomach.

Needing to reassure himself, he drove to Amy's work to check the parking garage.

Pulling up at the tiny booth where a uniformed attendant stood passing out tickets in front of a simple lift gate, he asked, "Excuse me, but I was wondering if you saw a blue '89 Sunbird convertible go through this morning. It's my girlfriend's car, and I left a rather important file in it, and she can't remember where she parked the car."

The lanky black man grinned. "Oh, Miss Allen's car? She usually parks it on this level, since she's usually one of the last people to leave, but I haven't seen it yet this morning."

"Damn," Face swore. "Thanks, though."

"You're welcome," the attendant said. "Nice 'vette, by the way."

Face smiled, more genuinely this time. "Thanks. Say, do you mind if I just pull through and around?"

"Not a problem, man." He pushed the button to release the gate, allowing Face to drive around and out of the Channel 11 parking garage.

Twenty minutes later, Face was at Amy's condo. He made quick work of the locks, half-glad that Amy had yet to take him up on his offer to replace them with better. If she had, getting in would have required a locksmith's master key and not his set of lock picks. A quick search of the small condo proved it was not only empty, but it hadn't been touched since Amy had been in it on Friday morning.

Face found her answering machine, which was blinking. He pressed play.

"Amy, where the hell are you?" a man's voice demanded loudly and irritably. "You'd better be hacking your lungs out, sick, or I swear to God, I'll fire you, you hear?"

The machine's mechanical voice added, "Message left, 9:10 AM, Monday."

Face groaned silently. He made a mental note to get Robyn to let him speak to Amy's boss and convince the guy to calm down.

The next message was from Robyn. "Hey, girl, you're probably out smooching that handsome boyfriend of yours, but if you ever come up for air, call me. I'd love to check out the home show with you, if not this weekend, then definitely next Saturday. If I don't hear back, I'll talk to you Monday."

The machine added, "Message left, 1:23 PM, Saturday."

There were two other hang-ups, but neither left a message; whoever had called had evidently hung on long enough to breathe into the phone and cause the machine to think it was a message.

Grimly, Face exited the condo. Back in his car, he pondered his next move. He wanted to find her before he had to tell Murdock she was missing. He'd seen how angry his lover could get if someone he cared about was hurt or missing; he remembered how coldly focused Murdock had gotten when Amy had been hurt on that ill-fated mission in Oregon years before. Face didn't want to see him like that again. If Face could find Amy before he had to tell Murdock she was gone, then that whole scene could be avoided.

He just hoped the icy fear twisted around his heart wasn't a premonition of danger.

"Not that I'm complaining that we're having lunch, Face," Murdock said after they'd seated themselves in a booth at the small caf housed in the same building as the airfield's administrative offices and control tower, "but you never kiss me in public unless I initiate it. What's wrong?"

Face met his gaze and sighed, realizing he'd slipped. He'd needed that kiss, but he hadn't wanted to reveal his worry so soon. "Did Amy mention anything to you about meeting anyone this morning?"

Murdock shook his head. "No. Remember, she said she'd be taping her segments today?"

"I just thought maybe she said something when she was talking to you before dinner yesterday."

"She was worried about what Hannibal thinks of us," Murdock replied. "I told her I wasn't worried about it, especially since he'd have said something by now."

"He thinks she's just seeing you," Face informed him. "He asked me after dinner if I had any problems with it. I said no, that you and I were still together, and he didn't say anything after that."

"Going to let him figure it out by himself again?" Murdock asked archly before taking a bite of his sandwich.

"I thought we'd agreed that you'd be Amy's boyfriend in public," Face replied. "That's what Amy wanted."

"Face, it's Hannibal. BA's already figured it out; how much longer do you think it'll take Hannibal?"

"Probably not very long," Face said heavily. He wasn't hungry, but forced himself to eat anyway. He had a feeling it was going to be a long night.

Murdock started to speak, then changed his mind. "You still haven't answered my earlier question," he reminded Face. "Why are you here?"

"What?" Face tried. "I can't have lunch with you?"

"Ordinarily," Murdock replied, "I'd believe you. But you made it clear to me and Amy yesterday that you were going to be a busy, busy man today, between checking in on the house on York Street and picking out materials for the new one in Calabasas. In all the time you've been flipping houses, you've only ignored your plans once, and that was when Hannibal asked you to help him get into that upper-class apartment complex he's living in now. Come on, Face, do you think I don't pay attention?"

"No, but I feel like I've been ignoring you lately," Face dodged. Admitting his fears made them real, and he didn't want to them to be. Admitting he needed his lover's help only drove home the fact that the notion of being the one who found Amy had a strong appeal.

Murdock shot him an irritated look. "Quit that," he ordered. "Before you make me start wondering just how bad it could be that you're trying to con me into thinking everything's okay."

Unable to hide anymore, Face sighed. "I could be worrying for nothing," he began. "But a friend of Amy's called me, looking for you. She thought maybe Amy and you had played hooky."

"How long has she been gone?"

"She never made it to work. It's now almost one o'clock, and there's still no sign of her. I''ve already checked the hospitals — no one's been brought in that matches her description. I've driven all over, trying to figure out ways Amy could have gone into work, and there's no sign of her car anywhere." He turned bleak eyes to his lover. "I wanted to find her so you wouldn't have to worry, and I can't do that."

Murdock took a deep breath and exhaled it. "You can't do this alone," he told Face. "I'll go upstairs and tell Judy we've an emergency. Then I'll help you look."

"And if we don't find her in another two hours?"

"Then we'll call Hannibal and BA and they'll help." He reached across the table and grasped Face's hand in his. Meeting Face's eyes, he said firmly, "We will find her."

Yet Face couldn't shake the feeling of dread that had settled firmly in his stomach. Still, he nodded agreement, and they rose, abandoning their barely-touched lunch.

Meanwhile:

Amy woke up to the distinct smell of smelling salts. She held back the urge to vomit and found herself securely tied to a white four-poster bed. She glanced up at the ceiling and found that it was decorated in pink hearts and flowers to match the pink bedspread and the pink walls. Instinctively, she began to struggle.

"Don't bother," her kidnapper told her. He'd patched up the head wound, she saw. "I learned how to tie knots in the Navy."

"Why are you doing this?" she asked him.

"You promised," he told her. "You promised you'd try. You didn't try hard enough. Now if I like your answers, maybe you won't get hurt." He pulled out a knife and laid it against her stomach. "So tell me why you didn't get my story aired."

"What story?" Amy scrambled to figure out who this guy was. She knew she'd never met him before in her life, though the voice sounded vaguely familiar. Her head pounded from whatever he'd shot her with.

"Don't you remember?"

"Remember what?" Amy stalled. All she could think of was what the A-Team had drilled into her: in the face of danger, when you can't run, and you haven't got a plan, stall for time. Thinking of it made her hope that maybe by now they knew she was missing.

"I called you over and over again. You promised every time you'd tell me if my story was going to be aired. You never did." The knifepoint now traced a thin line across her stomach.

"Stories take time," Amy countered. She tried to move away from the threat the knife posed, but found he'd tied her firmly against the headboard, with not even a pillow to cushion her.

"Bullshit," her kidnapper said. "You just didn't want to tell Jennifer Kimball's story. It's just one kid, right?"

"What are you talking about?"

"My daughter," he said. "I'm Kevin Kimball. Ring a bell?"

"I'm sorry, I don't remember everyone I talk to," Amy lied. The name sounded familiar, but she couldn't place it.

Kevin scoffed, not believing her. "Maybe I'll refresh your memory some more. She was four years old. Dark brown hair, like yours, green eyes. She had her mother's eyes, her mother's smile. She loved to play checkers. She had this little travel game her uncle gave her for Christmas — didn't really understand the rules, but she liked the way the magnets looked and she'd try to play anyway."

Amy stared at him, shock seeping through her like cold on a winter day. She knew him now. She'd talked to him on the phone, promised to follow through if the story had been approved. She'd done some preliminary legwork based on what he'd given her over the phone, but when the story had been canned, she'd pushed it out of her mind. It had been over a month since she'd first talked to him, and there'd been other, more pressing issues.

"You said you understood the pain I went through when she died," Kevin said in that same conversational tone. "Have you ever had a child, Miss Allen?"

"No," she admitted.

"Then you don't know," he spat, and the knife he wielded cut deeper, spilling blood.