Night School
Fri Feb 22, 2008 17:3364.12.116.7

This was originally written as a report for my friend Jenn's group...but, it 
left me so hot writing it that I needed to share here too :)

The only word that I can use to describe last night is "startled" --
Jenn, I don't know how to begin so I'm simply going to give you a
replay of what my husband did to/for me last night :) -- He didn't
get home until after 8:30 because he had a meeting at the school
that the Church owns. Asst. Pastor get assigned to all sorts of
committees and he is now the "pastoral liaison" between the faculty
and the Church. They have these meetings once a quarter and last
night was one of them. At least it is a dinner meeting so I don't
have to cook, and I get some real quiet time to study.

Anyway, he comes in and asks if I can take a break from my studying -
- honestly, I was through and had hoped to spend sometime with him
before bed...but, I could never have dreamed up what he had in
mind. He went to the kitchen, drank a glass of OJ and said, "Lets
go for a ride." Different, but OK. I was wearing sweats and still
had on my tennies. It wasn't cold, but the temp was in the low 40's
so I grabbed a jacket.

Still not a hint of why were going out. We got in the car and he
told me that he had read Jenn's site and saw the posting on my
Monday paddling. I blushed a little. I mean I know he reads it,
especially after a session like that when he knows I will probably
tell the group what happened to me. Then as we got close to the
Church (the school is on the same lot -- it is a 2-12 -- we do a K-1
at the Church) he started the "startle" by explaining that he
realized the only time I posted to the group was when I got a pretty
good spanking, and that he realized that being a young minister's
wife was hard, and that he had come to accept that sometimes just as
I "need" a spanking, that I also "need" some "naughty time." I was
trying to figure out where he was headed when he pulled into the
faculty parking lot and said, "The housekeeping crew is finished and
out of here by 8:30" (it was almost nine). The parking lot and all
the buildings were dark. "Let's go inside," he offered. I knew he
had keys, but I had no idea what in the world we were going to do in
a school at night...

Well, the first thing he did was to take me to the BOYS' locker room
right next to the gym. He grinned and said, "Boys' locker room?
Now if a girl was in here it sure would be naughty, wouldn't it?" I
timidly followed him inside, not knowing what to expect -- well, it
looked a lot like the girls' locker rooms that I have been in...He
went over to an open locker and said, "You know, Sherry, I know that
you like not wearing clothes...I wonder what it feel like to be
topless in the Boys' locker room?" I could NOT believe my ears --
he was asking me to take my top off, in a boys' locker room in a
Christian Academy. Then his eyes got that serious look and he took
on a strong demeanor..."Actually, Sherry,. that isn't a question, I
want you to take your top and your bra off, now." I felt weak kneed
and I think I know what Jenn and others mean about slipping into sub
space...I was shaking as I slipped off my sweatshirt. The building
was heated so it wasn't cold, but I still was shaking as I slipped
my sports bra over my head. Instinctively I covered my breasts. He
gently moved my hands down. My nipples were like totally erect, and
I was covered in goose bumps.

"Relax," he said as he put my stuff in an open locker, "let's
explore." He took my hand and we walked back to the showers, over
to the coaches offices and past the workout room. "Sherry, can you
imagine what it would be like to be seen like this by all those
young high school boys." By now I was getting into this fantasy and
realized I was getting quite aroused about my situation. Here I was
topless in a room where boys are usually also naked...then he
said, "Let's go out to the gym." Suddenly, the room I had been
timid to be in only a few minutes earlier seemed like a safety
cocoon. I froze and he gently pulled me towards the door. Then he
stopped in front of the locker and I was wondering if he had a
change of heart and was going to make me at least put on a sports
bra. He had a change of heart but in the other direction -- "Go
ahead and take off your shoes and socks, you know like Jenn
says, "No shirt, no shoes, no problem." I sat down on the bench and
slipped them off. The tile was cold on my now bare feet. He put
them in the locker and started to head for the gym door, but stopped
again.

"You know, Pastor has a saying about, 'in for a penny, in for a
pound.' If this is going to be a naughty night, you might as well go
all the way -- let me have your pants and undies too..." Two things
happened almost at once. I again felt first the chill, and then I
felt wet. He had no way of knowing just how aroused I was getting.
Compliantly I quickly slipped out of my sweat bottoms and my
panties. And, there I was birthday suit bare in the boys' locker
room! He lightly slapped my bare bottom, put my stuff in the
locker, and then produced a padlock from his pocket, which he used
to lock away my clothing. "Do you have the key," I asked with some
trepidation in my voice? "Sure," he answered with a smile, "at
home." My eyes got very big as he explained, "You are now naked,
with your clothes locked securely away...it's play time!"

Oh Jenn, you can't imagine all the emotions that I was having at
that moment, but I didn't/couldn't process them I just followed
Chris out to the gym. For the next 30 minutes or so we actually
shot baskets, ran the baseline, ran up and down the bleachers and
had a blast! Now remember all this time he is fully dressed (well
he took off his dress shoes and socks so he could run on the
hardwood without leaving marks). I played on our girls' team in
college and I have run across many a gym floors, but never barefoot,
and certainly never NAKED!

I was really getting into my "naughty night," when he unveiled the
next surprise. He said, "Well, you know you have been very naughty
running around naked, going in the boys' locker room that way, and
teasing me with your breasts every time you make shot -- I think you
need to go see the principal. Let's go." Before I could protest he
had me by the hand and was leading me out of the gym, down the long
hall way to the admin offices. "Chris!" I hissed, "my clothes are
back there -- we can't go walking around the school with me stark
naked!" He grinned and said, "You can't play basketball naked
either, but there you were like the naughty girl you are exposing
yourself all over the place. No, its the principal's office for
you, and you will go just like you are dressed."

OK, I admit it, what a rush! Walking past lockers, and class rooms
on the cold terrazzo floor, imaging what it would have been like to
have really been naked in school. When we got to the office he took
me inside to the principal's office and he sat behind the desk and
had me stand there for a "lecture."

"Now, Sherry, I'm told you enjoy being nude and that is why you were
running around the school naked, is that correct?"

He was stern and looked so in place there, and I was so naked and
felt so little that I almost wanted to cry as I shook my head.

"I think," he continued, "that we will need to take some corrective
action. I want you to step to the end of the desk, grab hold of the
desk and bend over..."

"WHAT??"

"Sherry," he replied, "if you are going to be naughty, you are going
to have to pay the price..." He stood up and went over to the wall
where a paddle hung (remember this a private Church run school --
which still uses the paddle as discipline, but I doubt if anyone
gets it on the bare behind, much less while completely bare).

I protested, "You paddled me Monday, please not again tonight,
PLEASE!" My fun naughty night had suddenly taken a wrong turn...I
really didn't want to get my bottom blistered again, and not with
the school's paddle which looked like a bare bottom's worst
nightmare."

"Sherry," he said with quiet resolve, "grab the desk, now."

I was fighting back tears as I did so, and steeled myself for the
first blow. He made a big deal of rolling up his sleeve and lightly
touching the paddle to my butt before bringing it back for the first
WHACK! Only it was a W H A C K! as much as a tap, followed by
eight more light taps and then, "Last one..." which was a WHACK!!!
which caused me to jump, but then it was over.

"Now, my little naughty wife, I think its time to go home," he
instructed with a grin as he replaced Mr. Paddle on the hook and
took my by the hand. My first thought was to be even more naughty
in the principal's office, but figured I would wait until we got
home -- then the next issue -- my clothes were locked away! When we
got to the door it was getting very cool. He had me wait inside
while he ran and started the car and came back with my jacket --
which he let me wear to the car as I ran across the cool wet grass.
Bare bottomed, barefoot and a jacket -- it must have been a sight!
Then in the car as soon as it warmed up the jacket came off and I
rode home naked (and by this time, very horny!)

It only took ten minutes to get home, but it was everything I could
do to keep from being "naughty" with myself in the car, I was so
turned on. As soon as we were in the garage I was almost ripping at
his clothes. I remembered Jenn saying on an occasion like this that
they never made the bedroom -- I understand why -- we made it to the
couch in the living room...Jenn it was awesome! As was our shower
after, and then again in the bed before we went to sleep and then
again in the morning when we woke up. Just thinking about the whole
night gets me turned on again. I'm hoping it will be the first of
many "naughty nights" to come. 

Sherry





 