Story: The Kyla Crepe Myrtle Incident (F/M)

Kyla is a rather tall blonde - five foot eleven - the same height as I am, and over-the-knee spankings are her favorite.  She really applies the paddle hard, and I also know that when she has me across her lap, I'm not going anywhere until SHE decides to let me up, regardless of my wiggling.

A couple of months after Kyla and I had become lovers, she had a little get-together at her place one evening.  A half-dozen of her friends - current and former co-workers - showed up just to spend an evening together.

"Hey, what's this?!" Analisa shouted from across the room.  My heart did a flip-flop when I saw her holding up the paddle that Kyla uses on me.

"Oh!" Kyla laughed.  "I didn't even know that was there!  Rick, I thought you were supposed to put those things away.  Tell her what it's for."

Blushing slightly, I explained, "Well, we sort of play with that," hoping that would be the end of it.

Kyla wasn't satisfied.  "What the hell does THAT mean!?  Tell her what it's for!"

I knew I couldn't evade any longer.  "Kyla spanks me with that - it's a paddle."

Kyla interjected, "When I paddle you, I don't see you treating it as 'playing' with it."

"Oh, wow!" Analisa exclaimed, and the others became quiet.

I noticed Analisa's wide eyes, and Kyla did too.

"Since you carelessly left that paddle out there, Rick, maybe I should give a demonstration with it," Kyla said in a voice loud enough for all to hear.

Kyla looked around.  The other ladies were obviously interested, but no one wanted to say anything to betray their interest.  Although I was hoping things would stay that way, Kyla forced their hand by saying, "Well, I don't know if they're interested in a demo - so maybe I'll take care of you afterward."

Immediately the guests filled the air with their appeals to Kyla.  Phrases such as "Come on, Kyla!", "Oh yes, please", and "Let's have a demonstration!" punctuated the atmosphere.

"Okay, my pet," Kyla said to me, "Let's show them how it's done!"  With the paddle in one hand, she led me by the hand to an armless chair and seated herself.  She started to undo my belt and fly.

"Wait," I said, "I thought that, uh..."

"You thought you weren't going to have to bare your bottom?!  Rick, I thought you knew better than that! I ALWAYS spank on the bare bottom.  Now are you going to pull your pants down, or are you going to earn extra?"

Trying not to notice the other women there, I undid my jeans and tugged them down just below my bottom.

"Those too."

I slipped my briefs down and Kyla guided me across her lap.  The room was silent and charged with anticipation.  I had never had an audience when being spanked.  The first swat imparted a sharp penetrating heat.  A couple of seconds later she swatted on the other side of my bottom.  Kyla swatted with her characteristic strength, and when she had delivered the sixth spank I was squirming.  By the tenth swat I was squirming and shouting.  Although I tried my best to keep from any vocal manifestation of my pain (an audience can have that effect on some people), I freely gave way to frantic shouts.

After twenty swats Kyla paused.

"That's how I warm his little bottom," she told the others.  "But I don't know if he's had enough yet.  Do you think he needs more?"

Sandy piped up, "Hey Kyla, don't you have a crepe myrtle tree out there?"

Kyla gave her a quizzical look.

Sandy continued, "I think you should give him a good old fashioned switching with a crepe myrtle switch.  What do you think?"

"I've never done that," Kyla's sweet voice answered.  "It does sound interesting."

"I'll show you how!" Sandy volunteered.  "All I need to do is go out and cut a couple switches and prepare them, and I can show you how to give it."

Kyla's legs stirred; I was still across her lap with my pants down, and I could tell from the way she moved that she was interested, and probably aroused too.

"Go for it, Sandy," Kyla responded.  "I think Rick needs some more spanking tonight."

Oh, no. I had already been paddled, and I was going to get a switching, with everyone watching!  Kyla had me stay barebottomed across her lap, which was humiliating.  Sandy returned a few minutes later and hastily peeled the leaves off the switches and rinsed them in the sink.

"Okay, now," Sandy instructed, "I want him face down - on a bed, or on the floor here.  We can put a cushion under him so he'll present better."

Kyla had me get off her lap and told me not to pull my pants up.  She got a firm cushion from the sofa and placed it on the carpet in the middle of the room.  Sandy's dominant streak emerged as she looked at me and pointed to the cushion.  "Get down there now," she ordered.

When I was positioned with my hips raised, Sandy suggested that two or three of them hold me in place.  Kyla knelt in front of where I was and held my shoulders.  Cassie grabbed my ankles.

"Now the basic thing," Sandy instructed, "is to just USE the switches.  Use 'em, use 'em, use 'em, until they're worn out.  I'm going to switch only on his little bottom, but if you want to give a really good one, you can switch on his legs too.  Okay, Kyla?"

"Go ahead!"

My dread of the impending switching was well-founded.  There is nothing that compares with the sharp urgency of a switch when it strikes.  A switch is usually very flexible, and curls around to wherever it can when it makes contact.

My hips bounced and jerked when Sandy switched me.  I twisted and writhed against the restraints imposed by the women holding me down.

"OW! OH! Aahh! No! Please! OW! Stop! NO! Aaaah!  That-hurts! OW! ..."

Sandy paid no heed to my most sincere supplication.  She paused when the switch was worn out, grabbed the second one and started fresh.  I struggled arduously against Kyla's and Cassie's grip.  I vigorously jerked my hips every time the switch fell across my well-reddened bare bottom.  I continued my shouting, which had intensified with the commencement of the new switch.  After what was to me an endless switching, Sandy stopped, indicating that the second switch was worn out.  Kyla and Cassie released their hold on me.  I stayed the way I was - I didn't want to have anything else come in contact with my paddled and well-switched bottom.

"That is how to give a proper switching!" Sandy announced.

"I wish my boyfriend would move like that when we're in bed," Analisa stated.  The others giggled.

"Me too," blurted Cassie.  "If mine was that lively, I'd never let him out of bed!"

"That gives me an idea," Kyla mused aloud.  She told me I could pull my pants back up and then said, "Sandy, come with me to the other room for a minute."  The two women spent about ten minutes talking, and occasionally giggling, and then came back out.

Later that night when I was tasting Kyla's sweet delights I asked her what transpired in her talk with Sandy.  She said she'd tell me in a few days about some plans they made, and wouldn't say any more.

The next weekend, Kyla asked me over for dinner.  When I arrived Sandy was there too, and appeared happy to see me.  Kyla was excited and nervous at the same time.  We had dinner, cleaned up, and went into the other room.  Kyla had something on her mind, and I knew I was about to find out what her plans were.  She was seated next to me on my left, and Sandy was on my right.  They both snuggled fairly close, and I had to admit that I found their attentions pleasant, even arousing.

Both women made it a point to be in physical contact with me.  Kyla spoke up first.  "I want to make you at ease around Sandy.  Do you remember last weekend, after Sandy gave you the switching, we went in the other room?"

How could I forget?  I was curious about that all week.  I nodded silently.

"Well," she continued after hesitating, "When Analisa said something about wishing that her boyfriend moved like you did during the switching, I thought it was so erotic.  The thought of you giving me that kind of a ride - I just couldn't get it off my mind.  I have to experience it.  So I asked Sandy if she'd be willing to, uhmm, use a switch on you when we're... in bed.  She said she needed to think about it, and when we talked a few days later, she said she'd do it if I would do the same for her."  She looked at me with her erotic eyes and said, "Would you do that for me?"

The way that Kyla squirmed indicated that she was aroused, and that, in turn, caused me to get hard, in spite of my initial reservations.

"How are you going to make it work well?" I asked.  

She sensed my concern and replied, "We know that you have to be at ease with Sandy in there too - no problem there.  And she knows that she's got to start gently and only increase the intensity when you're too turned on to have it affect you.  What say we get started?"

I went with them to the bedroom.  I saw a couple of prepared switches that had been placed by the bed.  To my surprise, Sandy quickly stripped naked.  Kyla started to remove her clothes, looked at me, giggled, and said, "Well, come on - take your clothes off, too!"

I hurried to catch up with them, and when we were all naked, Kyla got on the bed and moved to one side and motioned for me to join her.  Then Sandy got on the bed and lay next to me on the other side.  Both women ran their hands all over my body, getting me aroused in no time.  Sandy played with my testicles while Kyla gently and sensuously kissed me. Then, to my delight, Sandy took over with the kisses while Kyla manipulated my throbbing member and testicles.  Kyla retreated and Sandy rolled over on top of me in full body contact.

"I think we're ready," Kyla announced after a couple of minutes.  My erection throbbed with arousal.  Sandy got up and Kyla got back on the bed and pulled me on top of her.  I slipped in easily and she moaned.

"Easy now," she said.  "I don't want you to come too soon."

I felt the switch very lightly on my bottom, almost tickling, as I slowly thrust inside Kyla.  Sandy then switched a little harder.  I could feel it, although it didn't hurt.  Kyla moaned when Sandy added more force and I intensified my thrusting.  Sandy steadily increased the strength of the switching, and I definitely felt the intensity of the switch strokes.  My arousal, however, caused me not to feel the strokes in the same way as I had the previous week.

"Uhh... Ahh... Ohhh..." I exclaimed as Sandy switched my bottom rather severely.  I pounded Kyla with my raging boner, to her obvious delight.  Her reaction was all the more arousing to me, and I became aware, as I approached the point of ejaculation, that the switch strokes were being directly transformed into pleasure, even though Sandy was vigorously applying the switch.

Kyla stirred under me in a way that I recognized was her impending cresting to an orgasm. She squeezed her eyes shut, gritted her teeth, and wiggled her hips and legs.  Sandy thrashed me furiously with the switch as I exclaimed aloud and spurted into Kyla. It seemed that all my anxiety and pain shot out of me into Kyla's womanhood in the form of lust.

A few minutes after I pulled out of Kyla, I started to feel the effect of her switching on my bottom, though I still had an emotional afterglow from the unique way that Kyla and Sandy used me.

Sandy admitted that the whole scene was very arousing to her and that she was hot.  Kyla suggested that I pleasure Sandy with my mouth. I did exactly that.  Sandy got on the bed and parted her legs, and I went to work on her creamy womanhood while Kyla watched.

After the session, Kyla remarked that she greatly enjoyed the romp, and that she would need to practice giving switchings a few times before she could reciprocate.

She looked at me, and I knew that I would have a very sore bottom on several occasions in the next couple of weeks.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
