Kathy and Bob and Laura at the Matinee

By JimBob 
Copyright 2010

Mggg, fond, mast, inc,oral, ped. 

This story is part of a series. 
Kathy at the Matinee was first, then Kathy Gets A Ride, Kathy and
Uncle Billy 1 and 2, Kathy and Lilly and Bob Too, Then Kathy and
Lilly and Laura at the Matinee.  Enjoy.

Three girls and one man.  My, My.  Kathy stories have been told
before by Kathy.  In this one, we hear from a third person
viewpoint.

  Hurry up Lilly!  We'll miss the cartoon.  Bob told her.  That
got the kid moving.  She climbed into the car seat, and he
strapped her in.  Bob patted his little sweetheart's knee, and
then crawled into the driver's seat.

  We see Kathy, Daddy?

  I hope so, baby.

  Kathy's my friend, Daddy!

  Mine too, Sweetie.

  Lilly picked up her Teddy to cuddle, and Bob concentrated on
his driving. He parked, got Lilly out, and separated from Teddy
without too much static, and they went on in the theater for the
matinee.

  Bob let Lilly lead him on down to her favorite seats.  She was
rather surprised when he made her take the third seat in, while
he took the second seat.

  Wrong seats Daddy!

  No, Sweetie.  Kathy might have Laura with her.  Remember?  I
told you.

  Oh!  I like Kathy daddy.  Lilly stood up on her seat so she
could watch the children file in.

  I know you do sweetie.  Bob put his jacket into the aisle
seat so no one would take it.  He made sure Lilly was standing
far enough out on the seat so it would not fold up on her.

  Kathy was in a good mood, her Mom had let her walk over to
Lauras house and ride to the matinee with Laura and her mom. 
But for some reason, Laura was in a bad mood.  Apparently Laura
and her mom had a fight that morning.  Now Kathy was a little
sorry she didn't get a ride with her own mom.

  Mom!  You could have let us off right in front.  Jeeze!  Now
we have to walk half a block.  Laura whined.  She had been in a
bad mood all the way downtown.

  Laura!  It was too congested there.  You only need to walk a
few more feet.  You girls behave your selves, and I'll be here to
pick you up.  Don't talk to strangers now!

  Kathy had piled out as soon as the car stopped, with a barely
audible, Thanks, Mrs. Johnson.

  Yes Mom, We know all about not talking to strangers, you've
told us about ten times on the way over.  Laura knew she was
being snotty to her mom, but she was tired of it.  She never
talked to strangers.  Laura jumped out and slammed the car door
to shut her mom up.

  After they got their tickets, they got into the short line that
was waiting for the teen age boy to tear them and give them their
stubs.  Kathy saw the boy looking over their shoulders as he tore
their tickets.  He was watching two bigger teen age girls behind
them.  Kathy poked Laura.

  I'll bet we could give him a better fuck than those girls.

  "Huh?  Who?  Fuck who?"  Laura said, way too loud.  The girls
stopped to look at her, so did the boy.

  "Shhh!  Big mouth!  Kathy had to drag Laura away to the
refreshment counter.  "Guy, Laura!  Tell the whole world, why
don't you?"

  "What?"  Will you tell me what you are talking about, Kathy?" 
Laura was daydreaming about the ticket taker as they waited, and
hadn't caught all of what Kathy had said.

  "Never mind, Laura.  Butter popcorn, and Milk Duds," Kathy told
the attendant.  She picked up some extra napkins for Lilly and
Bob.

  "Butter popcorn and um, and M and M's," Laura told the
attendant.

  After Kathy and Laura got their popcorn, they went in to the
theater through their favorite door. Kathy spotted Bob and Lilly
right away, and Lilly spotted her, because she began to wave and
yell.

  Lilly spotted Kathy coming in the door.  KATHY!  She
screeched, and started to wave both arms.  Daddy, here comes
Kathy!

  Bob had to grab his little girl, before she disappeared down
into the seat, as it started to fold up under her dancing feet. 
Whoa little girl, take it easy.  Kathy sees us.  That must be
Laura with her.

  Lilly suddenly went silent as she spotted the girl with Kathy
and watched her walk down the aisle.  She didn't mind sharing her
daddy with one girl, but she didn't know about two girls.

   "Who is that?"  Laura asked.  "Is that the guy and the little
girl you sat with that time I, um, ah...  We couldn't find you a
seat?"

  She don't want to say she and Kevin snubbed me, Kathy thought.
"Yeah, that is Lilly and Bob.  Let's sit with them!"  Kathy waved
to Lilly again.

  "Um, I don't know...  My mom says..."

  "Aw come on, Laura!  They aren't strangers.  I know them!" 
Kathy headed for Bob and Lilly.  "Besides, Lilly is really funny.
 You'll like her!"  Kathy lead a somewhat reluctant Laura around
the front row, and into the second.

  Lilly crawled into Bob's lap after she hugged Kathy.  Laura
took the vacant seat on the aisle, and Kathy took Lilly's vacant
seat on the other side of Bob.  Kathy introduced Laura to Bob and
Lilly.  Lilly munched on a handful of Kathy's popcorn as she
studied Laura carefully.

  "Lauwa do twicks?"  Lilly asked Kathy.

  "Yes."  Kathy  answered her.  "Sometimes she does."

  "My Daddy!"  Lilly told Laura.

  "Lilly!  Don't be rude."  Bob said.  To Laura he said,
"Sometimes Lilly gets a little jealous when a very pretty girl
sits by me."  Bob patted Laura's bare knee.

  "Oh."  Laura said.  She had no idea of what was going on, or
why Kathy giggled at Lilly's remark.  She carefully tried to pull
her short skirt down over her knees, that she thought Bob was
looking at.  It slid right back up again.

  Bob reached over and patted one bare knee again.  "Don't cover
them up, you have very pretty legs," he whispered in her ear.

  Laura got a thrill.  No one had ever told her she was a very
pretty girl or that she had pretty legs.  Maybe Bob wasn't so
bad.  She offered Lilly her popcorn.  Lilly took a handful.  She
continued to watch Laura as she munched on it.

  The theater darkened as the previews of coming attractions
started.

  "Oh, I want to see this one," Laura said without realizing she
was talking out loud.

  Me too.  Bob said.  He patted her bare knee again, and left
his warm hand down there, fingers on the inside of Laura's leg
just above her knee.

  Me too!  Lilly parroted.  Everyone laughed.  She leaned over
and dug into Laura's popcorn again, signifying she thought Laura
had passed her inspection.

  Laura felt pleased that Lilly and Bob both seemed to like her.

  Bob already had his right hand under Kathy's short little skirt
and half way up her thigh.  When Lily leaned forward, Kathy could
see Bob was touching Laura's leg too.  It thrilled her to think
Bob was going to be touching both of them on the pussy today. 
Kathy wondered if Laura would take her panties off for Bob. 
Laura was kind of a chicken.  Kathy checked out the two little
boys beside her.  They wouldn't be any problem, they were too
small to even know anything was going on.

  The cartoon started and Lilly leaned back to watch it.  This
was her favorite part of the matinee, and she didn't like any
disturbance during it.  Lilly liked her Daddy to hold her too,
but he had explained to her that there would be things the big
girls would need that Daddy had to do, and if Lilly behaved,
Daddy would make her feel really good when they got home today.

  Kathy could see Lilly was settled back to watch the cartoon. 
She leaned over to ask Bob if he was rubbing Laura's legs too.

  Shhh!  Lilly frowned at Kathy.  She had disturbed Lilly's
cartoon watching. Kathy made signs to Lilly that she was sorry. 
Kathy offered her popcorn, but Lilly shook her head no.  She
never ate popcorn during cartoons. It distracted her.  Kathy
decided to sit back and shut up.

  Bob had his fingers on Kathy's panties.  Kathy looked around. 
She decided she was going to take her panties off, but not while
the cartoon was on.  Bob would just have to wait a couple of
minutes.  She wondered what Laura was feeling.  Bob was rubbing
Kathy's clit through her panties.  It made her squirm a little. 
Lilly gave her an annoyed glance.

  Laura was squirming too.  Bob's fingers on the tender thigh
skin was just like Uncle Billy's fingers when he sneaked into the
bathroom when she was in the shower.  Uncle Billy had done it a
couple of times now.  He would kneel down and put his hands under
the shower curtain, and rub them up between Laura's thighs, and
tickle her bare slit and her clit.  Laura always spread her legs
and let him do it.  Once he crawled into her bed late at night,
woke her up, and got her naked so he could lick her pussy and
then he put his cock in her wet pussy and fucked her.  She made
him use his underwear to clean her pussy up good after that.  She
didn't want her mom finding that slimy stuff in her bed. Bob's
hand got up to her panties, and he started to stroke her slit,
and rub her clit.  She wondered if he was doing that to Kathy
too.


  Now that the main feature was on, Lilly laid back against
Daddy's wide chest and divided her attention between the screen,
and her Daddy tending to the two girls beside them.  Lilly knew
that Daddy probably had his fingers on the big girl's pussies. 
She was sitting with her Daddy's big cock bulge right in the
crack of her butt.  It was big and hard like it got when she and
Daddy did tricks.  She did perk up once when she heard the rustle
of Laura opening her M and M package.  Laura offered her some,
and Daddy let her take a handful.  That really sealed her bond
with Laura.  Then she was content to lay back again and slip one
candy into her mouth at a time.  Daddy didn't have to hold on to
her, she was a big girl too.

  Kathy could feel Bob's fingers trying to get up her panty leg.
This pair was kind of tight.  Wait.  She murmured to Bob.  With
a quick look around, Kathy reached under her dress, and pulled
her panties down to her knees, then she leaned forward and
slipped them down her legs and off.  She wadded them up and
dropped them into her shoe that she had just slipped off.   Kathy
leaned back, and smiled at Bob.  She was ready for action.

  Lilly, who very seldom took her attention off the big girls on
either side of her, was aware of Kathy shedding her panties.
Lilly knew her Daddy liked bare bottoms to fool with.  She leaned
over to Laura and whispered her name.  Lauwa?

  What Lilly?  Laura asked in a whisper.

  Take panties off, Lauwa.

  Huh?

  Kathy take panties off.  Daddy do twicks.  Lauwa take panties
off too.  Daddy do twick with Lauwa!

  Kathy and Bob both giggled and laughed at Lilly's whispered
instructions.

  Laura leaned way forward and looked over at Kathy.  Kathy
lifted her dress and showed Laura her bare pussy with Bob's hand
at the top of her thigh, fingers curled into her bare slit. 
Laura's gasp was quite audible, and a few kids heads turned, but
Kathy's dress was back down where it belonged, so they saw
nothing.

  A few moments later, Laura did some wiggling in her seat and
then sat back.  Lilly smiled her approval of Laura and gave her a
couple of pats on her shoulder.

  Both of Bob's hands got really busy.  He had a pretty little
eight year old girl on each side of him, and they had both shed
their panties for him.  His fingers went right to their clits,
and he stroked and fondled each little clit until the girls
bucked and squirmed under his hands.

  Having gotten the desired response from them, he went
exploring.  He knew that a saliva and girl juice slicked finger
would sink in Kathy's vagina clear to the knuckles, but what
about Laura?  Kathy had told him about Laura and Uncle Billy, but
he wanted to see, or rather feel for himself.  So he pulled the
hand back to his mouth, sucked Laura's essence off and slicked
his index finger up good with saliva, and dipped it between
Laura's wide spread genital lips.  Bob was able to find her
vagina entrance with no trouble.  Laura sensed he was going to
penetrate her with a finger, so she slunk down in her seat a
little to give him a better angle. Then Bob's finger easily
entered and went in clear up to the knuckles.

  Now bob pulled his two fingers out, and put each finger in his
mouth to taste their essence.  They were similar, but slightly
different.  Bob thought Kathy's juices were slightly the tangier
of the two.

  Bob decided to reward Lilly and himself.  He got Lilly's
attention and had her sit up and slide forward on his legs.  Then
he unzipped his fly and got his erect cock out.  He pulled Lilly
back up against his chest so she straddled his cock, then he
pushed her forward again and helped her strip off her panties. 
He put the small wad of material in his pocket, and moved Lilly
back again, so that his cock was between her thighs, and right
against her bare little pussy.

  It was Lilly's favorite way to sit on his lap.  She could slip
a hand down under her skirt and play with her Daddy's cock, and
by pulling it back a little, have his warmth and hardness against
her cleft and clit.  She treated it like an airplane joystick,
usually pulling  back on it like she was in a steep climb.  That
way she got the most sensation on her little clit.

  Now she put both hands under her skirt, while telling Kathy and
Laura that; Lilly play twicks.  When the girls looked, Lilly
held her skirt up so the girls could see her daddy's cock jutting
up between her thighs, with one of her little hands clutching the
shaft.

  It was the first time Laura had seen an erect adult cock.  She
was impressed by the size difference between Bob's cock and Uncle
Billy's cock.  She wondered if Kathy had ever had that big thing
inside of her pussy.  Had Lilly?  No.  She didn't think so. 
Lilly was way too small.  But it was easy to see, even at her
tender age, Lilly was used to playing with it.  Laura's thoughts
were interrupted by Bob putting his hand back on her pussy again,
while Lilly dropped her skirt and put both hands under again.
  Laura looked at the movie screen, and tried to pick up the
thread of the movie again.  She had never really sat around
anywhere with her panties off before.  The seat felt funny on her
bottom, and Bob's hand felt funny on her bare belly.  This was
all so new!  Laura was thinking about Bob's big cock too.  She
felt such an urge to touch it.  Would Lilly let her?

  Bob started rubbing her clit then, and that felt so much better
than what Uncle Billy did that Laura decided she was going to
have to give him some lessons the next time that Uncle Billy
tried it.  Laura decided she was tired of his fumbling attempts.
She wanted a real man like Bob.  She pushed her pussy up at Bob's
hand, and when he glanced at her she gave him her most seductive
smile.

  Bob whispered to Lilly, and Lilly looked at Laura, then held
her dress up on that side in invitation.  Touch it Lauwa, she
whispered.

  Laura stuck a tentative finger up and poked the head of Bob's
cock.  Lilly was holding her dress over so she could watch.

  No Lauwa!  Not like that.  Like this.  Lilly took Laura's
hand and pulled it down to the shaft and wrapped the fingers
around.  Holding Laura's hand in her's, Lilly showed Laura how to
stroke the loose skin as she spread her legs wide to give Laura
room.  Do dat!

  Kathy had picked up what was going on, and she too stuck a hand
over, but instead of Bob's cock, she directed her attention to
Lilly's erect little clit, which was sticking straight out at the
top of her wide open slit.  At Kathy's first touch, Lilly gave a
start, and let out a peal of surprised laughter.  They almost got
caught as the kids in the front row turned to look.  But they got
themselves composed just in time, so with only a couple of dirty
looks, every one turned back around.  They got some more dirty
looks because they all broke into uncontrollable giggles at their
close call.

  Finally Bob whispered, Hey girls, what do you say we get out
of here?

  They had a short whispered conversation about it.  Finally
Laura agreed that they would wait in the lobby for her mom to get
them, after Bob brought them back to the theater. They had an
hour and a half to spend with Bob and Lilly.

  Bob told all the girls to leave their panties off, and give
them to him.  They all got up and filed out of the theater.  They
all got into Bob's car, Lilly in her seat, Kathy in back with
her, Laura and Bob in front.  Before he started the car, Bob
leaned over and stuck a finger up Laura while he gave her a big
kiss.

  I'm gonna get my cock into that little pussy, he told her. 
Laura was flushed with warmth from the fingering and the kiss,
and from Bob's hot breath on her ear as he whispered what he was
going to do to her.

  Bob drove them to his secret spot by the river, regretting that
he wasn't able to borrow the cabin on the weekend. Kathy and
Lilly played in the back, as Laura sat close to Bob and let him
fondle her as she slowly jacked his cock like he had showed her.
They were there in only a few minutes.  Though it was Saturday
afternoon and still light, the place was deserted.  After dark,
it would be a different story.  It was the local lover's lane.

  Kathy, would you mind taking Lilly down to the river and throw
some stones?   He gave a slight nod at Laura and winked at Kathy
and she got the message.

  Sure Bob!  Come on Lilly.  She helped Lilly out of her car
seat.  Lilly hopped out of the car.  She was always ready to
throw rocks in the river.

  Laura sat up, but Bob took her arm and whispered to her, Wait
a minute, and we'll get in the back.

  Okay, Laura said doubtfully.  Why was Kathy leaving her alone
with this man?  When Bob opened his door, she crawled out and
waited until he removed Lilly's seat before she crawled into the
back seat.  Bob helped her so she was half lying on the seat and
half leaning against the side.  He pushed her dress up to her
waist. And Laura began to get the message.  A thrill shot up her
back.  It was partly anticipation, and partly fear.  What would
happen if he was too big for her?  How was she supposed to act
while he was doing it?  Would he stop if she hurt too bad?  Would
Kathy help her?

  Then Bob crawled in and shut the door, but he crouched on the
floor, and the only thing that went into her pussy was his
tongue.  Uncle billy had done that some, but not like Bob was
doing it now.  Laura forgot all about all her fears.  This was
just ooh so nice!  Bob had kind of thought that Laura might be a
hot little broad, when she got over her apprehension about
strange men planted by her mother. Laura's hip movements and
moans of pleasure were proving him right.  She was ready.

  Laura was almost ready to cum when Bob suddenly left her pussy,
got on the seat on his knees, pulled her down so she was more
supine, and stuck the head of his dick into her slit.  With only
a swipe or two through her juicy cleft, wide open by her spread
open position, Bob got the head started in her hole and pushed it
right on in.

  To Laura's surprised delight, she felt Bob pushing his man dick
into her with no pain and considerable gain.  That felt great! 
Then when he got it in, he began to stroke, to fuck her!  And it
was so nice, so much better than Uncle Billy and his friend's
fumbling attempts.  This guy knew how to make a girl feel
everything he was doing to her.

  Lilly asked Kathy as they walked down to the river, Daddy do
twicks with Lauwa?

  I guess so, Kathy said.  They got to the rocky beach, and
both began to fling small stones out into the water.

  But even with her favorite activity, Lilly was still disturbed.
 Kathy had taken her Daddy's sexual attention away from her, now
was this other girl going to take her Daddy away from both of
them?  Since she didn't have a Mommy, that worried Lilly.  Tears
began to fill her eyes, and she couldn't see to pick up rocks any
more.  She sat down and began to sob.

  What's wrong, Lilly?

  Lauwa take my Daddy!  Lilly sobbed as Kathy took her into her
arms.

  No she isn't, Kathy said.  They are just... doing tricks.
They will be done soon.  Your Daddy still loves you best of all.

  Why he make Lilly thwo wocks?  Lilly want to make TWICKS! 
The little girl bawled.

  Kathy thought about that.  This poor little girl got moved out
every time Bob found somebody a little older or newer to him. 
She felt empathy for Lilly, because after all, here she was on
the outside too, throwing rocks.  She decided to have a talk with
Bob, and get Lilly some time with him, even if it cost her time.
She cuddled and petted Lilly as they waited for Bob to be done
with Laura.

  Bob and Laura were really hitting it off in the back seat. Bob
was deep in Laura, and pumping away, and Laura was helping him
along as much as she could in the cramped quarters.  This was not
a slow passionate fuck, it was a quick rutting, like a couple of
animals in heat.

  Laura was feeling that warm glow as she got her pussy and clit
massaged by the way it was riding on Bob's cock, and getting
mashed back into her crack every time Bob thrust into her.  Bob
had pulled her T shirt way up, and had massaged her small pips
until they hardened in his fingers.  Laura wished she had big
ones like the seventh and eighth graders.  She had asked her Mom
about a training bra, and her Mom had just laughed at her.  Well
criminy!  How was she ever gonna get boobs if she couldn't train
them?  Laura tried to thrust out her chest and hump up her hips
at the same time.  Getting fucked by a grown man who knew what he
was doing was so much fun!

  As Bob plunged his cock in and out of this new little girl, he
thought only of the tightness of Laura's little sheath. There was
no sloshing of his cock like in the well used pussies of the
women in his life.  These tight little girl pussies were so
stimulating, he could hardly control himself.  He wanted to cum
in this girl.  But if he did, what about Kathy?  He knew he
wouldn't be able to get it up again before it was time to take
the kids back.  But doggone it, he had to have a few more strokes
in this hot little  kid first...  Damn!  He couldn't hold it any
longer.  He clutched one of Laura's ass cheeks in either hand,
and pounded deep into her in several rough hard strokes, and
Laura came.  The quivering, grasping motion of Laura's sheath in
her orgasm finished Bob off. Bob shot off four large blasts of
semen against Laura's cervix.

  Laura cried out in her ecstasy and clutched Bob tightly. She
had felt thrills with Uncle Billy, but nothing like this.  She
held Bob tight until the after glow was gone, then she realized
how cramped and painful a position she was in, and pushed Bob
away and tried to wriggle out from under his dead weight.

  At about that same time, Kathy and Lilly, noticing that the car
had quit shaking and squeaking the springs had approached, and
looked in the window.  Then they opened the door and got in the
front seat.  Kathy remembered Lilly quietly getting into the
front seat when she and Bob were together at this same spot, and
felt a pang of pity for the little girl.  She only had her Mom,
and she knew she wouldn't want to lose her.  If only...   The
thought hit her and she mulled it over in her mind.  Bob was
single, and had a daughter.  Her mother was single, and had a
daughter.  What if they got married?  They could be one happy
family.  She and Lilly could be sisters!  Kathy got up on her
knees and looked Bob over with a more critical eye.

  Hmmm.  Bob was not bad looking.  About the same age as her
mother.  It would be more handy for what she and Bob liked to do.
 And the threesomes with Bob and Lilly were fun. Maybe a foursome
with her mother too?  Kathy shook her head.  She couldn't even
imagine that.  Lilly popped up beside her.  Bob and Laura were
starting to pull apart.

  Oooh!  Daddy make big mess!  Lilly popped back down and came
back up with a box of tissues.  Bob used them to clean himself
and Laura off.  Then he looked at his watch.  They had a little
time.

  Um, Laura, why don't you and Lilly go down by the river and
throw rocks for a while?

  No!  Kathy said.  Laura can go by herself for a while. We
need to talk, don't we Lilly?

  Uh huh.  Lilly said, then she sobbed once.

  Bob looked at her.  Lilly, have you been crying?  What
happened?  Are you hurt?

  No.  Not huwt Daddy!

  Her feelings are hurt.  You keep dumping her out whenever you
get a new girl!  She feels like you don't want her.  It just
isn't fair.  She don't have a mother and she's afraid of losing
her daddy.  Isn't that right, Lilly?"

  Lilly just sobbed.  "I want my Daddy!"

  Oh Lilly, I'd never leave you.  Come here, baby.  Bob pulled
Lilly over the seat and into his arms.

  Come on Laura, Kathy said.  Lets go throw wocks.

  Ten minutes later, Lilly came out to thwo wocks too. She
told Kathy that her daddy wanted her.  Kathy looked at Lilly. 
She was smiling and happy again.  Kathy went and got in the car
with Bob.

  Thank you Kathy for telling me about Lilly.  I assured her
that I love her most of all, I had some alone loving time with
her, and I won't do that to her again.  Now look what has come up
while Lilly and I were alone.  Come on, we have to hurry.

  Kathy laid back and spread her legs wide, and Bob crawled in
between them.  He lowered his lips to her pussy, and licked up
her slit, open and ready for him.  She pulled him on up over her,
she was ready for him, and she didn't want to waste time. 
Getting a licking down there was nice, but she wanted to screw
like grownups do.  She had figured some new moves to try on Bob.
She'd show him she was more grown up than Laura, by golly!

  Bob slipped his cock into Kathy quite smoothly and easily.  She
was wet, and open and ready.  As he penetrated her, he marveled
at how her tight little vagina took him in.  So tight around his
cock, and yet so smooth and hot.  He started a smmoth easy deep
penetrating stroke.  Every time it was all the way in, and he
made his little pause before the out stroke, Kathy tried her new
trick.  By really concentrating, she had found she could tighten
and release her muscles around her vagina.

  Finally Bob noticed that the little contractions he was feeling
were being done on purpose.  Kathy had been practicing!  It was
really quite stimulating, when you came down to it.  He rewarded
her efforts with more effort of his own, and soon felt Kathy
shudder as she had her orgasm.  Since Bob was right on the edge,
he put a little burst of speed and depth, and hit his own climax
in less than half a minute later.  He bent to kiss Kathy's
forhead, then her lips.

  Nice little clamping action you got there, babe.  He said to
let her know he had noticed.

  Could you really feel it?  Kathy asked.

  Yeah, it feels really sexy when I'm deep inside of you.  Next
to my Lilly, you are the greatest.

  This made Kathy feel really good.  She hugged Bob really hard,
then they got cleaned up and Bob gave her back her panties.  Then
they went out and threw rocks into the river for five minutes
with Lilly and Laura.

  On the way back to the theater, Kathy thought about her idea of
Bob and her mother getting married.  She started thinking of a
way to get it going.

  Laura and Lilly were sitting in the back, and Lilly was having
a lot of fun playing pat-a-cake with Laura.  Laura had been
trying to get Lilly to say her her name right, but it always came
out Lauwa. Then Laura tried rocks.  When Lilly tried it, it
came out wocks.

  No Lilly, rocks.  R-r-rocks.

  Wocks!  W-w-wocks.  Lilly clapped her hands.

  No lilly!  Rocks.

  Wocks.  Lilly said in a tone that said she was done with it.

  Just then they arrived at the theater and Bob pulled around to
the back.  They watched by the side door, and when the first kids
came out, they went in and then the girls went out first through
the front door.  Laura's mom was waiting, and so they ran and
jumped into the back.  As they sat down, Laura said, Oh!  and
then she looked at Kathy real funny.

  What's wrong?  Kathy whispered.

  Laura got her mouth right by Kathy's ear.  My panties,  Bob
still has my panties.

  Kathy started to laugh, and after a couple of moments of
looking horrified, Laura started laughing too.

  Laura's mom looked at them in the rear view mirror.  What's
so funny, girls?

  Oh, just something that happened in the movie.  Kathy said
between giggles.

  When they got to Laura's house Kathy and Laura ran up to
Laura's room and got some panties for Laura, and then they played
for a while and talked about their afternoon's adventure, and
then Kathy went home.

Will Kathy come up with a plan to make Bob her daddy as well as
her lover?  Watch for the next story.  


This story is all a figment of my imagination. All characters,
places and events are pure fiction.  Don't try this at home.










































