Inevitability catches up to The Losers.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Losers, Chapter 11 (MF+, cons, inc, interr, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

To summarize: I'm June, and to keep my twin brother Roscoe from getting asked out by a 'barbie', I suggested that he start dating one of the girls in our club, The Losers: Sue, or Sulu, a cute, short Chinese gymnast with a flat chest; Bella, a very tall, pretty redhead; and Larissa, a Native American with huge boobs but an acne problem. Roscoe and I are brown-haired and somewhat average, though my ass and his chest have started to fill out. We're all 18, in case you were wondering.

In trying to convince Roscoe to choose one of them, the three girls, one at a time, did sexy stuff with him, finally resulting in all of them losing their virginities to him and also taking a load of his dangerous sperm inside their unprotected pussies. I saved the day, though, by giving each of them a birth control pill from my Mom's old stash. None of us really knew how birth control pills worked, so you can see the problem. To make matters worse, I was fucking him now, too.

---

Roscoe actually joined me after we all went to bed, slipping under my covers as I lay there.

"Ros?" I asked blearily.

"Hey," he replied as he snuggled up to my back, his hard cock slipping between my buttcheeks.

I woke up quickly. "Mom and Dad are in the next room!" I hissed.

"You'll need to be quiet, then." He lifted my top leg up, reminding me of the first time we had done it, and slipped his cock inside me. I had masturbated before falling asleep, so was still quite wet.

"Nng..." I moaned, and mashed my pillow into my face as Roscoe began to s-l-o-w-l-y thrust inside me. This way he wouldn't make my bed creak, but it was both ecstasy and agony.

One of his hands moved up to caress my breasts, and soon he was tweaking my prominent nipples. My body was shaking with need, and I moved one hand down to thrum my clitoris. I was able to cum within a few minutes, and upon feeling my pussy grip his cock, Roscoe thrust into me and held himself still.

"Ohh, you're sucking the cum out of me..." he moaned into my ear, and I felt my brother's cock throb as another load of his dangerous swimmers burst inside me.

"NNG!" I cried out into my pillow as his incestuous seed was injected into my forbidden depths.

"I love you," he whispered into my ear.

"I love youuu..." I moaned, and soon we fell asleep, his cock still inside me.

---

I woke up feeling fantastic, and figured it must have been the many orgasms I'd had over the previous day-and-a-half. I felt warmth on my back and sidled back into Roscoe's body. His arm fell across mine and reflexively reached up to caress one of my breasts. I hummed in satisfaction.

Then my eyes flew open. It was light out! Roscoe was still in my bed! Our parents were home!

"Ros..." I whispered back to him forcefully. I looked over and confirmed that my door was closed. "...did you close your door last night?"

"Hm?"

"Your door! It's morning!"

His head whipped up to behold the Sunday morning light as it peeked through my curtains. "Shit!"

"Did...you...close...your...door?" I hissed out through gritted teeth.

He concentrated, which looked a lot like he had smelled a fart. "I think so."

"You're sure?"

*Knock knock knock!*

I rolled onto my back and flipped the covers up. "Between my legs!" I whisperingly urged him.

He rolled into the missionary position and hugged me close as I pulled the covers back down over us, hoping that it was enough. "Hello?" I called out, hoping my parents wouldn't open the door.

The door swung open and my Dad's head poked in. "Morning, sleepyhead! Don't let the day get away from you." Then he turned and headed toward Roscoe's door, which I could see was indeed closed.

"Dad!"

He turned back.

"I'll wake Roscoe up."

He smiled. "Okay, thanks, sweetie. Breakfast in thirty!" Then he headed back to the kitchen.

"Close the door, please!" I called out.

A moment later, and we were alone again. I relaxed back into my mattress and then moaned as Roscoe took one of my nipples into his mouth. I pushed the covers off. "No time!"

He stopped suckling. "But we have 30 minutes." He reached down to rub between my legs, and I could see that his cock was already hard.

"Ohmigawd..." I moaned as he shifted to my other nipple. He slotted the head of that magnificent cock between my vaginal lips and thrust home, my body quickly producing lubrication to aid his efforts.

I came a few minutes before he grunted and filled my wanton body up with yet another batch of his incestuous sperm, setting off my second orgasm. I arched my body, moaning as my grasping insides pulled his seed deeper inside.

Afterward, Roscoe made sure that the coast was clear before slipping back across the hallway.

I lazily played with his semen as it slipped back out of me, and then frowned. I had forgotten to take a birth control pill after he made love to me the previous night! I had just fallen asleep with him inside me, his sperm soaking into my depths...so dangerous! I quickly grabbed a pill from my hiding place and swallowed one down.

---

People at school seemed confused when they saw that Larissa was now hanging off of Roscoe's arm instead of Sue, which I'm sure produced some interesting gossip, especially since Sue still seemed to be on friendly terms with him. As long as it was keeping the 'barbies' away, I didn't care. Nobody was going to break up The Losers!

Bella griped at me that Roscoe didn't choose her to be his girlfriend, but then I reminded her that she had dated Steve Bauer, while Larissa had never had a boyfriend before. Bella had to agree that it was Larissa's turn.

---

Larissa's acne completely cleared up over the next few weeks, and she became gorgeous, practically glowing when she smiled, which was often.

We also noticed over those weeks that Sue was growing a couple of breast bumps. They were really sensitive, but she was happy to finally be getting some boobs, even if they weren't even A-cup yet. They continued to grow, and she eventually bought some sports bras.

 Bella couldn't come over for a couple of days, as it seemed that she had caught the stomach flu. A few days later, it seemed that I had caught the same bug as I hurled my breakfast into the toilet.

The thing about periods is, you notice when they arrive, but you don't necessarily notice when they don't. All we knew was that life was good.

When my stash of birth control pills started running out, I got Larissa to convince her parents to go get her some. She had a boyfriend now, after all, but when the doctor asked Larissa when her last period was, she couldn't remember. One quick pregnancy test later, and all hell broke loose. She told the doctor that she couldn't be pregnant, as she had always taken a pill after sex. That's when she found out how birth control pills really worked: that you had to take it daily for at least a week before it became even partially effective, and you had to take it every day, not just the days you had sex. From that point, the rest of us fell like dominos to positive pregnancy tests.

Tracking backward from our due dates, I'm reasonably certain when each of us got knocked up:

Sue was probably her very first time, when she had clambered onto Roscoe's lap and ridden him to his second orgasm inside a woman.

Larissa was a few days later, when Roscoe filled her and Sue up in the rumpus room before fucking me in the dark later that same night when I thought that he had mistaken me for Bella.

Speaking of Bella, I think she got impregnated right after she broke up with Steve Bauer and rejoined us, when she got filled up with my brother's cum for nearly a week straight.

As for me, I'm pretty sure that it was the night when I had forgotten to take a birth control pill before falling asleep with Roscoe's cock still inside me, not that the pills had been effective, as I had only started taking them the previous night.

The ironic thing is, we had all been taking the pills almost every day, so they would have protected us after a week or so. The problem is that each of us got knocked up within the first week of starting on them, or in Bella's case, starting on them again. My misunderstanding of how those pills worked ruined everything.

Larissa's parents were upset, but agreed to support her and her growing baby. Sue's parents were not as supportive, and she arrived at our doorstep with a suitcase, crying. Bella's parents, surprisingly, also shunned her, and my family took her in as well. After all, both girls were carrying my parents' grandchildren.

As for my pregnancy, I didn't tell Mom & Dad the baby was Roscoe's, but I'm sure that they had their suspicions, given that he had knocked up the rest of The Losers. They were supporting Sulu and Bella, so they'd have been hypocritical to kick me out. They didn't blame Roscoe, as he had always just done what we girls told him to do.

My friends were understandably upset at me for my stupid mistake, but living in the same house eventually forced us to resolve things, and we became closer because of it.

Larissa came over often, not only to support her friends, but because pregnancy made her really horny! Actually, me too. Sue and Bella were just regular horny, but Roscoe filled Larissa and I up with his cum more often than the others during our pregnancies. It's not like he could get us more pregnant, right?

Most of our breasts grew, all except for Bella's. Sue was delighted to finally achieve an A-cup before giving birth, and my C's grew into D's. Larissa...goddamn, that poor woman had to have breast reduction surgery a few years later, as those even more massive tits were giving her back problems.

We were all able to graduate high school before giving birth, though Larissa's pregnant belly was noticeable as she accepted her diploma.

Sue gave birth to a small but super cute baby boy with a unique combination of half-Asian features and my family's brown hair.

Larissa had twins, fraternal like Roscoe and I, a boy and a girl. Those babies got so fat on the incredible amounts of milk their mother produced that they looked like little Jabba the Hutts.

Bella had a tough pregnancy and had to get a C-section, but came out of it with a healthy redheaded girl, looking almost like a clone of her Mom later in life, she was so tall.

As for me, I gave birth to a little girl that looked an awful lot like both Roscoe and myself, reinforcing my parents' suspicions about her lineage.

The basement was converted into space for Sue and Bella, and later, part of it was sectioned off into a nursery. Sue never had any milk come in, so Mommy Larissa decided to move in herself in order to pull triple duty, and even sometimes quadruple duty when Bella had trouble expressing.

My parents got us all on proper birth control soon after giving birth, which was a really good idea, as none of us wanted to stop having sex with Roscoe.

Bella and Sue attended the local college. Both girls had managed to patch things up with their parents enough to get their monetary support again. I worked as a server at a local restaurant in order to make ends meet, and Mommy Larissa took care of all the babies, with Roscoe's and Grandma and Grandpa's help. My brother actually did well as an attentive stay-at-home father to five babies.

Once things got established, though, I overheard Sue tell Bella that she was wondering if her breasts would grow even more if she got pregnant again. I wondered if our big family might become even bigger soon...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)