After scrubbing and scrubbing Eric's scent off of me I finally made it out of the shower, got dressed, and made my way back down to the 'party.' It didn't take a genius to realize that most likely Drake did indeed notice that I'd been gone for way too long. He was waiting for me in the lobby outside of the bathroom hall door.

"Where've you been?" he asked, curiously and possessively.

"I had to go shower," I answered. I wasn't lying.

"Why?"

Now here came the lie. "Because...some women accidentally dropped her martini or whatever it was onto my dress," I lied.

He wouldn't know the difference. I had been smart enough to change my dress, too. Apparently, Drake had another dress hidden in the closet. Probably the dress he wanted me to wear when he so called "turned" me. But, whatever. He'll never get that satisfaction.

While I was scrubbing myself down in the shower for about five minutes or so, I had planned out my whole lie. Lucky for me, Drake did indeed buy it. I deserve to give myself a pat on the back. Great job, Selena! You deserve a metal! Wow! That's so sad! That's the most fun I've had in days. Haha!

Everything went down without a hitch for the rest of the night. Well, most of the night. Then around I think it was 2:30ish a.m. I'm not sure, I don't quite remember. I was way too beyond pissed to care what time it was at that moment in time.

Some bitch decided that she wanted to ruin my life. Apparently, she really wanted Drake all to herself. All she had to do was ask, and I would of told her to go for it, but no. Instead, she decided to go tell Drake that she saw two vampires and two humans following me into the bathroom hall earlier.

But, wait! That's not all. The bitch also went on to tell Drake, "I saw the other three come out, but the tall blonde vampire and the blonde on your arm didn't come out with them." I wanted to rip that bitches voice box out.

She continued to tell Drake what she knew, "About five or so minutes later the tall blonde vampire came out, but SHE..." She pointed at me when she emphasized the word she, "She didn't come out."

Before anyone could stop me, I balled up my fist and swung back and then forward really hard. My fist met her face and she flew backwards. I already knew that Drake would instantly believe her, so I didn't have to worry about looking guilty when I punched her. I already knew that I was guilty and I already knew that Drake believed I was guilty, and wouldn't change his mind about it.

Drake looked at me with a deadly look. As if I was some little kid, he asked, "Is what she said true?"

I crossed my arms and stood in a preppy stance. "So, what if it is?" I answered with my own question.

"Then you're a no good whore, if it is," he told me. He no longer cared what the vampires in the room thought, apparently.

I couldn't help, but laugh. "Oh, you're so one to talk!" "How many humans have you slept with since you were turned?"

"Many," he answered proudly.

I laughed again, "You know you're proving my point, right?" "Besides, you don't control me! I'm not yours! I'll never be yours! I belong to fuckng no one, but me, myself, and I!" I hissed. "If you've got a problem with it then tough! Cause' that's the way it is!" I was officially fuming mad.

Before I knew it I was sent to the floor with a powerful blow. My body hit the floor with a loud thud my head came next. The pain was unbearable. It seemed as if Drake had decided that he was officially tired of playing Mr. nice guy and that he wanted to finish what he originally had planned to do in the first place.

It didn't surprise me that everyone in the lobby cleared off to the side when Drake attacked me. The other vampires wouldn't stop to help a poor pitiful human, or at least they thought, like me. Vampires would much rather see all humans killed and then have the world all to themselves.

I felt a sting of pain and yelped as Drake bit down on my neck. I struggled as best I could. My strength, even my vampire strength, was low because of my lack of energy. All I really could do was struggle as I felt Drake start to drain me.

"Eric!" I heard Rachel scream followed by Sookie screaming, "Bill!"

"Do something!" they screamed in unison.

Unfortunately, I knew that Eric and Bill couldn't do anything to help me. Even if they did, which I know for a fact they did...the room was full of vampires. If Eric or Bill were to kill Drake, one of the vampires in the room would snitch and either Eric or Bill would have to suffer extreme consequences.

My life was slowly being drained out of me and no one could save me. I snapped my eyes shut and silently prayed to god to please help me. I didn't want to die. I sure as hell didn't want to die in the hands of the man that I had once loved years ago.

Normally in a situation like this I would use my powers, but I was forbidden to for any reason what-so-ever, by the Witch's Council, to use my powers in the presence of vampires. If I did then I'd be stripped of my powers for who knows how long. I could possibly lose them for good.

Being a witch was all I knew how to be. I didn't have any reason to live without them. Without them I'd just be a poor defenseless human who doesn't even fit in with her own family. I just couldn't live with that.

Suddenly when I thought I had no hope left my prayers were answered. Drake's weight lifted off of me and I heard him hiss as he was thrown across the room. I opened my eyes to see who had come to my rescue and I was shocked to find who it was.

I whispered with the biggest smile I could manage, "Daddy." Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Drake get back to his feet. Praying that I could repeat my actions from the other day, I hissed at him as loud as I possibly could, "You can burn in hell!" As soon as the words left my mouth Drake went up in flames. For the first time in days using what energy and life I had left in me, I laughed.

I don't remember anything else after that. Thanks to all of my pent up anger, my lack of sleep, the situation on hand, and my empty stomach...I passed out. Oh, what a sob story. Right? That's probably what you're all thinking right now. Unfortunately, I can't help it, though. It's the thing that I sometimes hate to call...my life.