Glorious spermy fucking in the pool
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

After seeing her fucked by black bouncers, I was dying to find another opportunity to let strangers have their way with my lovely wife. It turned out, rather than me looking for an opportunity, the opportunity came to me by itself. Last Friday, one of my colleagues asked me if I wanted to go for a foam party he was invited to. He had to fly out of town to attend to some family celebration. I asked him what the party was all about and he winked and said, well it was like a foam party with lots of free-flowing booze and "eye candy". The dress code, screamed the invitation card, was a bathing suit. Of course, what else!

The only problem was that my colleague told me about the party ON FRIDAY. When I called my wife to ask her, she was a little less enthusiastic than I thought she would be. Why, I demanded. "Honey, the only bathing suit I have is already worn out," she complained chiding me. No problem, I said, and promised her that I would pick something up on the way home. "Jeez, that worries me even more. God knows what you will pick up. Anyway, make it size 10 and at least try to pick something in blue," she commanded. I said aye, aye and we hung up.

Later I scooted off work slightly early and went shopping for wife. After careful consideration, I picked up a hot two-piece bikini suit in size 8. The bikini bottom was very flimsy and was held up by two knots on each side. The front was small, very small and I imagined it would barely cover the pussy mound and the slit and the back was almost non-existent with a sly little thong which would easily slide in my wife's amply ass crack. The bikini top was also very small, it was a triangular patch good enough to cover the big, nutty nipples of my wife. And yes, it was also held by a knot behind the neck. Well, to give me credit for listening to my wife, it was blue. Then I called my wife and told her to be ready. I would be late I said and asked her to pack a pair of shorts for me. I told her to come out as I honk and we would go straight to the party. She said okay.

When I reached home, true to her word she was ready in a cotton floral dress (blue if you care) and we headed for the party. She asked to see the bathing suit but it was in the boot, conveniently hiding. Finally we reached the house where the party was. It was like an old colonial-styled stone building - beautifully lit with spotlights. We parked and went in. Three beautiful young girls were at the reception wearing skin tight animal print bikinis. And each of them was flanked by a well-built male - two were white and the third one was black. I was surprised that no one checked our invitation card or anything...they just ushered us to the cloak room so we could change to our party gear as "no one was allowed in unless they adhered to the dress code." I went to the men's changing room and came out wearing my staid boxer trunks. My wife took her time. In fact she took about 15 minutes and when she did come out, my breath stopped for a while. She is beautiful. But in that tiny erotic, hot bikini suit she looked like a cheap slut, her meat (yeah, she looked like meat on offer) almost spilling out from everywhere. She gave me a dirty look but smiled at the other bulging eyes and we were pushed in. 

Inside was as dimly lit as it was bright outside. It was like an indoor Olympic sized swimming pool. Foam was raining everywhere from four machines in each corner. There was an arching staircase that led to the upper floor which was basically a viewing corridor all around. People were leaning to enjoy the view of the pool on the ground floor. Straight away, my wife pushed me towards the bar - a long never ending bar with all sorts of wines, alcohol, beers being served by men dressed to fuck (in my eyes at least as I immediately measured their fucking prowess by checking their crotches). We ordered some wine and sipped in cold silence even as music blared around us and people chatted non-stop. It took three glasses of wine to calm her down. Even then she didn't sound too happy. Anyway, the barman attending us asked if we would like some erotic cocktails. What are those I asked, just as my wife headed for the rest room. "Well, sir, I can just say," said the barman, looking around himself suspiciously, "These cocktails can put you and your partner in an enhanced erotic mood. They can make you feel super horny and you can have a time of your life here." I looked at his broad nose, and his thick black lips, his Negro hair curled up as much as they could...and then I smiled. Sure, can I have two please? One with a double dose, I winked at him. He winked back and soon had the cocktails ready. Just then I saw my wife being escorted back to our bar by a muscular Chinese man, with a pair of trunks so small that a few of his tangled pubic hair were already peeking out.

She was flushed with all the wine and when I offered her the double dosed erotic cocktail, she said I better not drink any more. The barman interjected and pushed the glass to her side, "have it, I guarantee you won't regret it." She smiled and took a sip. She smacked her lips and gulped all of it down in one straight sip. The barman laughed obscenely and produced another drink. Soon she had had four of those heavenly drink and was a changed woman. She got up and started swaying sexily to the music. She pulled me out of the chair and said, "Come on stud, let's have a dip." The pool was packed with bodies. But we found some space and as we entered I realized it was only chest deep. The atmosphere was highly erotic and many couples were already in deep foreplay. I saw many topless women enjoying their breasts being sucked. I even saw one black cock surrounded by pretty red lips. Erotic cocktails were being served freely to everyone. And the effect was showing. My wife had having some trouble staying put in one place. I think she had too many double dosed drinks and her pussy was on fire. Her hands kept sliding to her pussy and to my cock which was rock hard under cool water. I noticed many single men in the pool too. There were many groups where one woman was surrounded by many men. Some were just watching a couple but some were involved in breast sucking and more. I even saw one couple, right next to us, fucking slowly inside the water. My wife was stuck to my body like a snake to snake. She was rubbing herself up and down my shaft. Our lips were glued like we could suck the other's life out. The man next to me grunted and came. I would have known anyway as soon his white, lumpy sperm spread out in the clear water. Some floated towards us. I fished some lumps out and massaged my wife breasts with the slimy sludge. The man saw my gesture and smiled an evil grin. The woman he was with turned around to find another partner and the man pulled out of the pool and sat at the edge of the pool watching us. His deflated cock, about eight inches long, was still dribbling white remnants of sperm. My wife was getting horny but she was also drunken, and slowly lulled by the soothing water and lulling music she drifted to sleep with her head on my shoulder. In that position, her face was just a few inches away from the man next to us. I think the idea of a woman's mouth so close to his cock, fired his groin and his cock started rehardening. But since my face was blocked by my wife's head I could see any more.

At the same time, the pool was getting really crowded. It was like there was no space at all. Bodies were crammed skin-to-skin. And having consumed so much liquid my bladder was close to bursting. I didn't want to wake my drunken wife otherwise I would have missed out on seeing any action so I did the smartest thing possible, I turned around to the guy with his hard cock pointing at my wife's slightly parted mouth and asked him, if he could hold her till I returned from the toilet. He laughed nervously and tried to hide his erection (but how can one hide a 10-inch long and thick as a wrist black cock easily) and said anything for you buddy, like we were long lost brothers. He pulled her up from shoulders and moved her half-limp body from my shoulders to his lap. I pretended to have not noticed his hard cock peeking out from my wife's black hair. I got out and went to the toilet. I realized the male and female toilets were common and there were no stalls or doors for privacy. As I was pissing with my half hard cock, I saw one women on her knees blowing a fat white man. As I shook the last drops of piss from my uncut cock, the fat man blew his nuts in her mouth. She drank everything greedily and smacked her lips. I also noticed the black barman slurping on a white wife's luscious lips while his hard black cock plunged in and out of the married pussy. He looked at me for a while and winked making a peace sign. I stood there for a while, watching them and then remembered my wife and went out. In the pool, my wife was safe latched to the man's lap hanging on to his hard black cock impaled in her mouth. The cock was pumping in and out slowly as the black man pulled her head with her hair to maneuver his cock. As I slipped in, again pretended to not notice his cock in my wife's mouth, I said thanks and tried to take my wife back. "It's okay, buddy, you must be tired, rest some more, I don't mind holding her for a while more," he said, showing his dazzling white teeth and he humped my wife's mouth again. I nodded and looked elsewhere though it was difficult not to notice his thick flag post sliding in and out of my wife's mouth from the corner of my eyes. In fact I could also feel the burning hot cock on my shoulder each time he pulled it out. He started humping her mouth faster and soon dumped his second load in her mouth. Then as soon as he came, he pushed my wife towards me and left. It was in such a hurry that I almost lost my grip on my wife and she slipped down. Thankfully the two men immediately in front of me turned and helped me straighten my wife up. With all this commotion, my wife half opened her eyes just for a few seconds and planted a kiss on my mouth, and behold! All the sperm deposited in her mouth by the 10-inch black cock flooded in my mouth and I had no choice but to swallow it as the two men were watching me intently. My wife then slumped back in her drunker stupor. One of the men supporting her weight from holding her big breasts, accidentally pulled too hard and one of her breasts popped right out from under the small triangular piece of bikini. He quickly ran his big black hands all over her breast to check for any injuries and then slowly twiddled her hardening nipples to check them. I pretended to not notice his hands but it was difficult to not notice a big cock that had somehow wedged itself between her legs. It was so long and it was poking my balls intrusively. I tried to push the cock away with my hand and realized it was very heavy and thick as well. I thought I scorched my hand because it was burning hot too despite the cool water. When I pushed the cock hard, it only sprang back and hit me in the balls with such a force that I saw stars. Then I thought it better to ignore it.

In fact I made his job easy, and opened the side knots of my wife's bikini bottoms. The blue floral patch slowly sank to the bottom of the pool. The black man was copping feels of my wife's ample asscheeks and he was pulled them apart to open the pussy a bit. I helped him my holding her pussy slit open with one hand and by placing his hard hot cock's silky head right at the door of her pussy. The black man pushed a little and lubricated by the water, his precum and my wife's pussy juice, he thudded inside with a long stroke. He was in to the hilt of his sword of a cock. I was able to hold his big hairy balls easily in my hands and coax their cum out by squeezing them slowly. He showed his gratitude by locking his thick Negro lips on my mouth and I sucked on his lips in pleasure as he brutally fucked my sweet drunken wife's hairy pussy. His partner, a big Spanish man, stood facing my wife alongside and slowly pushed his bulk between me and my wife. Soon I was out of the way as I saw my drunken wife sandwiched between the black man and the Mexican. I felt with my hand and realized that the Mexican had also somehow penetrated his cock inside my wife's now every large pussy and they were fucking her like a cheap five-dollar whore. Didn't want to be left out, I started sucking on her exposed breast and when it started coming in my way, I just untied the knot of her bikini top and flung it aside. I also kept feeling their big cock under water with my hands to feel the action. They must have fucked her for hours or just a few minutes...I don't know. But it was the best time of my wife as I felt their combined slippery juice on my hands. Then one by one they came deep inside my wife's moist pussy and once they were done, they just dumped her on my shoulder and moved on to find another married trash wife to sate their ever hungry, ever horny cocks.

The pool water had started turning foggy with so much sperm loads from each direction and it also started feeling a bit squishy. The smell of sperm and tangy pussies was in the air. 

I noticed the black barmen, now completely nude, proudly displaying his 11-inch monster meat to all hungry eyes - from men and women. He noticed me and walked up to us. Sitting down behind me so that each leg was flung on both side of my shoulders he slowly pushed his cock in my wife wet mouth. I turned to her side so that I could lick his cock each time it slid in. It was a fantastic feeling to let the hot black cock slide through my lips into my wife's mouth. I even tasted his precum straight from his uncut cock head a few times. I fancy his cock must have been really at the verge of cumming because of his previous fuckings and he blasted his nut in a few minutes in - not in my wife's mouth - my mouth. Jets after jets of hot thick creamy cum blasted on my tongue and I tasted his tangy, nutty black seed directly. I swallowed each rope of his stringy cum and felt a deep satisfaction in my heart. I even ignored the fucking she was receiving from an old black man who had taken advantage of her hungry open pussy from behind. My cock exploded in the water without any contact or friction and spewed its contents like a fountain, adding to the trillions of sperms floating around. Just then I heard the police sirens and realized it was an illegal party and that we were busted. The barman was kind enough to help me haul my wife to the car very quickly and we escaped - the three of us. Once we reached home, the barman fucked my senseless wife like a lusty breeding bull three times before sunrise. Then he called a taxi and left before my wife woke up. I, to fucked her a few times and fell asleep snuggled behind her, my deflated cock still in her cum-flooded and much loosened hairy pussy.