	After shed caught him peeking in at her, Davy had done everything to avoid Lindsay.  Hed been waiting for his punishment all day and, finally, when dinner came, he marched down to dinner like a man walking to his execution.
	Lindsay didnt say anything though.  He waited and waited, each second lasting an eternity, but still she didnt say anything.
	After dinner and all through the next few days, he waited for her to tell on him but it never happened. He knew shed seen him so why was she telling?
	He was in his room getting ready for bed, wondering why she hadnt told, when he heard the shower go on.  Mom and Dad had gone to bed a while ago so he knew it wasnt them which meant it had to be Lindsay.
	He felt his heart begin to race in his chest.  Hed been able to resist peeping in on her for a couple of days but he felt his self-control crumbling under the need to see her body.
	He laid in bed, listening to the water running through the pipes behind his wall. She was just on the other side of his wall, naked and wet with her hands all over her body.
	He felt his dick hardening at the thought of her.  Hed been on the Internet at Jerrys house and hed seen all kinds of naked girls doing all kinds of stuff but there was something about his sister that made his entire body burn with a need to see and touch her body.
	He listened and waited, his hard 5 inch dick throbbing in his pajamas.  Finally, the shower turned off.  He threw back his covers and got out of bed.  He turned off his light and ran to his door.  He opened it just a crack and peeked out.
	Lindsay came out of the bathroom and walked over to her room. She turned off the hall light and closed the door behind her.  
	But not all the way.
	Davy could see a sliver of light coming from where the door hadnt closed.  Did he dare go look? What if she caught him again and said something to their parents?
	In the end, his resistance to peeking last less than a minute.  He went out his door and crept down the hall to her door.  He peeked through the crack and saw her standing there with her robe still on.  She was looking in the mirror and, when he looked at the mirror, he saw she was watching him.
	He gulped and was going to run but his fear had him frozen in place. Maybe she hadnt seen him. It was pretty dark in the hall; maybe he was just thinking she saw him.
	She sighed and said, Davy, you may as well come in. I see you out there.
	He felt his eyes go wide and it felt like his heart was trying to beat its way out of his chest. She knew! He was so screwed!
	Davy, get in here before mom or dad see you peeking and you get in trouble, she said.
	Shaking like a leaf in a hurricane, he pushed her door open and went into her room. He stood at the doorway, looking down at the floor wishing hed just stayed in bed. 
	Close it, dumbass, she said.
	He closed the door and went back to staring at the floor.
	You could get in big trouble if I told Mom and Dad on you, she said, her arms crossed across her chest as she glared at him.
	Im sorry, he whispered, tears pooling in his eyes.
	Why were you peeking? She asked.
	He shrugged and said, I dunno.
	Yes, you do and you better tell me the truth or Im going to go wake Mom and Dad up and tell on you right now.
	Please dont he begged, tears spilling down his cheeks.  I just like to look at you. Youre really pretty. Youre the prettiest girl ever. Youre perfect.
	Lindsay felt an unexpected surge of happiness.  He thought she was pretty.  Of all of the things she expected him to say, that wasnt on the list.  Shed been planning on torturing him a little more but all of those thoughts went out the window.
	Davy, look at me, she said softly.
	He looked up at her, his eyes already red from the tears pouring down his face.  She walked over and wiped his tears away and said, Does it make you feel good to look at me?
	He nodded, too unsure of himself to speak.
	She stepped back and looked down at her little brother.  He looked so sacred and sad and now she felt bad after hes told her she was pretty.  She felt she needed to make up for it.
	She undid her robe and let it fall to the floor at her feet.  She stood in front of him, completely exposed under his gaze.
	Davy felt his jaw drop at the sight of her body.  Her nipples were so pink and puffy, not all dark like the Internet girls. She had just a little bit of hair around her pussy and the sight of this made his dick as hard as a rock.
	Do you still think Im the prettiest girl? She asked, finding herself truly wanting him to tell her.
	Yes, he managed to whisper, his eyes sliding over every inch of her perfect little body, etching it into his mind forever.
	Do I turn you on? She asked, an evil smile gracing her face.
	Ummm. He said, not sure what he should say.
	She giggled and pointed at him, Look down, silly.
	He did as she told him and saw his pajama bottoms tenting out from his hard on.
	Clapping his hand over his dick, he turned away, his face burning in embarrassment.
	She giggled at his reaction and went to him.  She put her hands on his shoulders and made him turn around.  He stared down at the floor, holding his erection pressed against himself, wishing he could be anywhere.
	She knelt down in front of him and said, Davy, its okay.  You see a pretty girl and that kind of thing happens.  I bet you had a hard on the other day when you were peeking, didnt you?
	He just nodded. She ran her fingers through his hair and said, Besides, that shows that you really do think Im pretty if youre all hard and stuff.
	Just hearing you in the shower makes me all hard, he admitted softly to her.
	She grinned at him and asked, Can you move your hands?
	He stared down at her as she knelt in front of him. His hands, his whole body, began to shake with excitement.  He slowly pulled his hands away from his hard dick. His pajama bottoms tented out in front of him, pointing right at her face.
	Lindsay felt her heart begin to race.  Shed seen one of her boyfriend, Billys, dick before, plus her and Lizzi had seen a bunch of stuff on the Internet, but this was different.  Here was a hard dick, just inches from her, and the sight of it had her excited almost beyond control.
	Licking her lips, she looked up at Davy and asked, Can I see it?
	He stared down at her, horrified, aroused, and petrified, all of this and more running through him.  It was all he could do to just nod at her.
	She reached up and hooked her fingers under the waistband of his pajamas. She pulled them down, leaving on the thin cloth of his underwear between her and his hard on. She could see the head of his dick, pressing hard against the fabric.  A small wet spot had formed on his underwear and the sight of it was another turn on for her.
	She pulled down his underwear and his hard dick was exposed to her.  It wasnt as big as Billys had been but it was thicker. His head was a deep purple and a little precum dribbled from it.
	Staring at his dick, she reached out and touched it with her finger. His dick jumped at her touch and Davey let out a gasp.
	Did that hurt? She asked.
	No, he breathed. It felt good.
	She put her fingers against his dick and made it jump again. She slid her fingers down the length of his dick, amazed at how hard and wonderful it felt.  She hadnt wanted to touch Billys dick when he pulled it out but Davey She wanted to feel every inch of it. 
	She ran her fingers up the length of his shaft and rubbed the head.  Davey let out a long moan under her touch. She rubbed the head of his dick harder and faster until he grabbed her hands and said, Stop. Its too much.
	Ill be more gentle, she said.
	He let go of her hand and she reached out and wrapped her hand around his dick.  It jumped in her hand and Billy gasped.  She should have been telling him to be quiet, as loud as he was he might wake up their parents, but all of her attention was on his dick.
	She slid closer to him and stroked her hand up and down his dick.  He panted as her hand touched him.  Hed played with himself for over a year and had enjoyed it but this was so much better.  	
	He looked down at her. Watch his sister stroke him while she knelt naked in front of him.  Of all of the things hed thought would happen to him this had never even been remotely in his thoughts.
	She looked up and met his eyes.  She saw the lust and desire burning in his eyes and it turned her on even more.  She stroked him faster as they stared at each other.
	Daveys moaning turned into a longer, louder sound and she watched his eyes roll up in his head.  She felt his dick throb under her hand as his cum exploded out of him.  It splattered all over her chest.  Taken by surprise, Lindsay kept stroking as load after load exploded out of her brother and onto her small breasts.
	Daveys legs gave out and he collapsed in front of his sister. He wasnt sure if he was going to be able to stand every again after that.
	She let go of his dick and looked at the cum that had dribble onto her hand. He looked up and saw what she was looking at.  He started to apologize but he just couldnt find a way to speak.
	Lindsay brought her hand up to her face and looked at the cum on her hand. It felt warm and slimy but good at the same time.  She brought her fingers to her mouth and licked a little of her brothers cum off of them.
	Seeing this, Davey felt his dick twitch with renewed desire.
	Whats it taste like? He managed to ask.
	Salty, she said. Its weird.
	Im sorry I made a mess, he said.
	She giggled and said, No youre not.
	He couldnt hold back the grin that lit up his face.  He started to speak when he heard someone in the hall.
	They both sat, as quiet as possible as someone walked down the hall and into the bathroom.
	As soon as the door closed, Lindsay jumped up and said, Youve got to get in bed. If they find us like this we are dead!
	Davey leapt to his feet and yanked his underwear and pajamas up. With one look back at her, he opened the door and was gone.
	She closed the door and went to her dresser.  She yanked out a pair of panties and pulled them on.  She grabbed a t-shirt to sleep in when she saw all of Daveys cum still glistening on her body.  
	She rubbed the cum all over her chest and across her breast and nipples.  She felt herself getting wetter as she felt her brothers cum rubbing across her puffy nipples. 
	The toilet flushed and she quickly yanked the shirt on, turned off her light and dove into bed.
	A few seconds later she heard her door open briefly then close.  One of her parents had looked in on her, not knowing that she was still awake. Not knowing what she and her brother had done or what she was planning next.
