The Date

Ianto and Jack arranged their date for the following Saturday. Ianto booked a restaurant, refusing to tell Jack where, but mentioning that he should wear a suit. And that he would drive.

Jack spent the days until the date in the archives. An increase in Rift activity had led to an increase in field work, which, in turn, led to more reports for filing.

Tosh had been kept busy – even Owen had required treatment. He had been delivering a round of coffee when the Rift alarm had sounded. Gwen had pushed her chair back, knocking into the tray Owen had been carrying. Three hot mugs of coffee landed on Owen, scalding him quite badly. Ianto had sent them all home early that night, and monitored the Hub remotely.

Saturday arrived. Ianto was alone in the Hub catching up on paperwork – or, rather, trying to catch up on paperwork! His mind kept wandering to his upcoming date. He was taking Jack to the St. David’s Hotel. Ianto had a sudden thought that Jack might get the wrong idea, that Ianto had a room booked, but Ianto hoped he wouldn’t.

At 4p.m., Ianto gave up all pretence of work. Shutting down the Hub, he headed home. He had a list in his head of everything he needed to do when he got home, and he ran through it whilst driving; feed his fish, water his plants, shower, he still hadn’t decided what to wear, polish his shoes. Had he forgotten anything? He didn’t think so.

As he was entering his flat, his mobile rang. He rummaged through his pockets, locating his phone in the last one he checked. Checking the caller i.d., he answered.

“Jack. What can I do for you?”

“I... mm... just wanted to double check what time you’re picking me up tonight.”

“I’ll pick you up at 7.” Ianto fed his fish. “I thought we could go for drinks, then dinner. The table’s booked for 8. Is that ok?” Ianto filled a jug to water his plants.

“That’s fine, Ianto.”

“Jack. Are you sure you’re ok?”

“Yeah. Just a little nervous, I suppose.”

You and me both thought Ianto. “Don’t worry Jack. I’ll not do anything you don’t want.”

“I know, Ianto. It’s just... ” Jack paused. “Just ignore me. I’m being silly.”

“Just relax. I’ll see you at 7.”

Once showered, Ianto studied the contents of his wardrobe. Deciding what to wear, Ianto dressed, gelled his hair, then headed to collect Jack.

Jack, meanwhile, was having similar issues. What do you wear on your first date with your boss, who’s also a man? A suit. Ianto had mentioned to wear a suit.

Jack had just tied his shoelaces when he heard a knock on his door. Ianto was here. Was it 7 already? He opened the door, and his jaw dropped!

Ianto looked stunning. His black suit had a delicate plum pinstripe, perfectly matching his plum shirt. Plum handkerchief, black tie and shoes, shined so brightly Jack could see his face in them, completed the ensemble. He kissed Jack, chastely.

“You look stunning,” Ianto admired Jack. Jack had opted for a navy suit, with a cream shirt. A red tie added a splash of colour. “Are you ready to go?”

Smiling broadly, Jack accompanied Ianto to the car. Ianto, being a true gentleman, held the car door open, closing it once Jack was seated.

They drove in silence. The tension in the car was palpable. Ianto hoped he had judged Jack correctly, and that the date was not going to be a disaster. As he pulled into the car park of the St. David’s Hotel he glanced at Jack. All the colour had drained from Jack’s face.

“It’s only drinks and dinner, Jack,” Ianto reassured him. Jack smiled weakly. “I promise you, I won’t do anything you don’t want.”

Jack’s eyes darkened. “And if I do want it?” He flushed from his own admission, refusing to look at Ianto.

“Then we take it slowly.” Ianto took Jack’s hand. “You dictate the pace. Ok?”

Jack smiled and nodded.

“Let’s go then.”

Ianto led Jack to the Tides Bar for drinks before dinner. It was quiet for a Saturday night, and they managed to find a secluded table for some privacy. They exchanged small talk, beginning to feel relaxed in each other’s company.

“Ianto, can I ask you something? You don’t have to answer.” Ianto raised an eyebrow. “How did you come to be in charge of the team? You’re younger than all of us - not that I have a problem with that.”

Ianto smiled. “Seniority,” he replied. “I worked in London, before moving to Cardiff after the London office... ah, closed. Suzie was in charge then, but she lost it a little, and shot herself. I was her second, and no-one else wanted the job.”

Jack nodded. It made sense. He had been told no-one lasted long in Torchwood, but had joined anyway. Was that because of Ianto? Or, had it just been time for a new challenge...

At that point, the maître d’ approached, advising their table was ready. 

*****

Their table was on the terrace, overlooking the Bay. There were no flowers or candles at Ianto’s insistence.

Ianto held the chair for Jack, before sliding into his own chair. The maître d’ handed them menus before leaving them to choose their meals.

Having chosen, they placed their menus on the table, waiting for their order to be taken.

“So, Jack. How are you enjoying living in Cardiff?”

“Haven’t really seen much of it, to be honest.” He smiled, wickedly, before continuing. “I have a boss who makes me work long hours. By the time I’m finished, I’m usually too tired to go out. In fact, apart from a team night out, this is my first night out since I got here.”

“I’m sorry, Jack. I hadn’t realised.” And, I never thought to ask...

“It’s ok.” Jack reached across the table, taking Ianto’s hand in his. Their eyes met. “It’s been worth the wait.”

Ianto raised an eyebrow. “Do you mean you’ve been... ” he hesitated. Jack continued.

“Waiting for you to ask me out on a date,” he paused. “Or, to at least ask to have sex with me.” Ianto looked puzzled, so Jack continued. “I knew I would be offered the job as soon as we shook hands. I felt... electricity. And, you felt it too. I saw it in your eyes.”

“So, you were waiting for me to proposition you?”

“Yes. No. Sort of.”

“Well, that cleared that up nicely.” Ianto caught Jack’s eye. “I didn’t want you to think I’d hired you because I fancied you. “Sexual harassment in the workplace” doesn’t look good on a C.V., so I waited to see what would happen.”

“I didn’t want you to think that I’d only accepted the job offer because I fancied you. And, I didn’t want you to think that I was throwing myself at you because I thought that was why I’d got the job.”

Both men laughed, realising that they had both wanted this since the day they had met.

The waiter arrived to take their order. Jack smiled when Ianto ordered the wine. It was an excellent choice, which would go with both their meals.

“How did you manage to get a terrace table at such short notice, Ianto?” Jack enquired.

“As head of Torchwood, I have my contacts.”

“When did you book it?”

“The week you joined.” Ianto admitted. Both men laughed. “I gave you time to either settle in or change your mind about the job. Then I had to get the right opportunity to ask you... ”

“Timing is everything,” Jack agreed.

Once their meal arrived, they ate in companionable silence, exchanging only glances. In between courses they chatted, holding hands across the table.

Following the meal, they returned to the bar for a brandy. Ianto’s hand found its way to Jack’s thigh. Jack’s breath hitched, eyes darkening.

“So, what now?”

“That’s entirely up to you, Jack.”

“I know it probably sounds crazy, but can we go for a walk around the Bay. It’s such a nice night.”

Ianto smiled. He stood, holding his hand out to Jack, who took it gently.

They walked hand in hand around the Bay. There was a chill in the air. It was a clear night; the Moon brightly reflecting the Sun’s light; the stars brilliant; their breath visible.

Finding a bench, they sat, snuggled together. Ianto, absentmindedly, stroked his hand through Jack’s hair, placing light kisses on his head.

“Ianto.”

“Mmm.”

“Take me home.”

“Mmm.”

Jack turned to face him, lust evident. “Stay the night.”

“Are you sure?”

He dragged Ianto to his feet before kissing him passionately.

“I’ve never been more sure of anything.”