  
      Part X
      Much to the unexpressed disappointment of all four of 
the friends, they were unable to get together on Sunday.  
On Monday Susan asked Charles if he would mind getting 
together with Lisa and James on Saturday.
      "Of course not," he said with a smile.  "I think it's 
time we had some fun again, don't you?"
      "Absolutely," she said with a smile and a hug for him.
      On Thursday Charles gave her the bad news.  His 
company had an emergency and he had to leave on Friday and 
go to Canada for several days to help resolve the problem.
      "But," he said, "I want you to know that if you want 
to get together with Lisa and James, it's okay with me."
      "Really?"
      "Sure.  As long as you give me all the details when I 
get home."
      She hugged him and said, "Only if you're sure.  I love 
you so much."
      He laughed and they kissed.  They were watching 
television later and she was thinking about getting 
together with Lisa and James.
      "You know," she said, "I really like it that you 
aren't jealous of me getting together with Lisa and James."
      "Hey, I trust that you love me and that you know that 
I love you.  We promised a long time ago to always be 
honest with each other.  I know we both love sex and, face 
it, sex with other people can be a lot of fun.  I know it 
doesn't mean you're going to leave me."
      "Well, I feel the same way.  And you know, if you 
should have the opportunity to enjoy some wild sex on a 
business trip, I trust that you'll enjoy it and then come 
home and tell me about it."
      He laughed.  "Well, if the opportunity ever arises, 
I'll let you know."
      The next morning, bright and early, Lisa called Susan 
and not subtlety at all asked her, "So, what do you and 
Charles have planned for the weekend?"
      "Well, Charles had to go out of town and won't be back 
until next week sometime."
      "Oh, man."
      "Yeah, I know.  I wanted us all to get together again 
this Saturday."
      "That would have been fun."
      "But . . ."
      "But what?"
      "That doesn't mean that we can't have some fun. If it 
is okay with you, you and me and James can all get 
together."
      There was a pause and then Lisa responded, "Are you 
saying what it sounds like you're saying?  Get together as 
in get together or just get together?"
      Susan laughed.  "I mean get together naked."
      "Really?  Are you sure?"
      "Yep.  Charles is the one that said it would be okay, 
but only if you don't have a problem."
      "No, no problem.  And I'm sure James won't mind."
      "I'm sure he won't.  We can give him a real treat, 
depending on whatever limits you want to set."
      Lisa laughed.  "No limits.  Any ideas?"
      "Well, not specifically, but I'm sure we can come with 
something.  We're meeting at the gym, right?"
      "Sure."
      "Let's make plans then."
      
      On Saturday, Susan got to Lisa's house about two hours 
before Lisa had told James to arrive.  On the way to her 
place, he wondered what was planned.  He hoped that the 
four friends would all get together to party.  All Lisa had 
told him was to show up and not worry about what was going 
to happen.  He knocked on her door.
      Lisa opened the door wearing jeans and a t-shirt.  "Hi 
sweetie, come on in."  She gave him a kiss.  He followed 
her to the living room.  She kind of led him to the chair 
that sat on the other side of the coffee table from her 
sofa.  "Let me get you a drink," she said.
      She disappeared into the kitchen and returned with a 
tray carry a frosted martini shaker and two martinis, each 
crystal clear with a film of ice on its surface.
      "Thanks," he said, taking his drink.  "So what's up 
for tonight?  You seemed to have plans."
      "Yes, I have some plans.  I hope they're okay with 
you."  She sat across the room from him on the sofa and 
took a sip of her martini.  "You know we've talked about 
getting together again with Susan and Charles and I think 
we both agreed it would be fun, right?"
      "Sure."  He started to get excited at the thought that 
it appeared it would be another evening of some interesting 
sex.
      "You don't mind a little mindless sex from time to 
time, do you?"
      He laughed.  "Absolutely not.  As long as you're 
involved."
      She smiled.  "Do you remember how Susan and I got the 
idea for . . . hmmm . . . a little deviant deviation in our 
sex lives?"
      "You were talking about fun sex, right?"
      She sipped her martini.  "She and I were talking about 
nasty sex."
      "Oh.  I see.  Nasty sex."  He took a sip of his 
martini.  His cock was beginning to make its need for blood 
known to his brain.
      "Do you enjoy nasty sex?"
      He laughed, almost a little nervously, wondering and 
anticipating at the direction of the conversation.  
Something was obviously in the works.  "Sure.  Good nasty 
sex where both people are comfortable with what's happening 
is a lot of fun.  I think I'm starting to let a little of 
my nasty side out with you."
      "Yes, you are.  And, I'm enjoying it.  Listen, you can 
quit mentioning that both people have to be comfortable.  
Let's just agree that tonight there are no rules.  Okay?"
      He raised his glass in a toast of agreement.  "Deal."
      "Besides," she said, "you keep saying two people have 
to agree."  She smiled coyly.  "It could be more than two 
you know?"
      "Absolutely."
      "Well, for you information, Charles is out of town 
tonight.  Just so you won't worry, he knows Susan is here 
tonight."
      Susan came out of the kitchen carrying a martini and 
sat down next to Lisa.  "Hi James."  She was dressed 
similar to Lisa in jeans and a pull-over shirt.
      "Hi."  He looked at the two ladies and felt a definite 
surge in his groin.  He didn't know what was happening, but 
he thought he was going to like it very, very much.
      Lisa leaned over and set her drink on the table.  
"When I say no rules, I mean no rules.  For instance, 
tonight there is no rule against this."
      She put her hand behind Susan's head and drew her face 
toward her.  Lisa kissed Susan's lips.  Actually, the 
ladies had not made a lot of plans for the evening other 
than to surprise James when he arrived.  Susan did not 
expect the kiss, but, she enjoyed it a lot.  Lisa seemed to 
be kind of taking charge and Susan was more than willing to 
go along.
      Susan felt the tip of Lisa's tongue press against her 
lips and she opened her mouth, allowing it to enter her.  
Susan's tongue met Lisa's.  Lisa pressed against her and 
Susan leaned her head back against the cushion to accept 
the kiss.
      James watched them kiss.  He could see that their 
mouths were open and that their tongues were playing in 
each other's mouth.  His cock grew.
      Lisa enjoyed the taste and heat and wetness of Susan's 
mouth.  Lisa had been thinking all week about getting 
physical with Susan and it had excited her.  She hadn't 
really planned what was going on, but she was enjoying 
herself.  Both ladies were feeling the tension of arousal.
      Lisa leaned back, looked over at James and arched her 
eyebrows provocatively as she smiled at him.  He smiled and 
raised his glass in a salute.
      "Did that get you hard?"
      "Yes.  I would have to say that it did."
      "Well, I have an idea.  You just do what I tell you 
and you'll have a good time.  Okay?"
      "Okay."
      "In fact, you don't even need to talk.  Just enjoy."
      Silently, he raised his glass in a toast of agreement.  
Susan was growing more and more excited just listening to 
Lisa and wondering what she was going to do.
      Lisa turned to Susan.  "And how about you?  Are you 
willing to just do as you're told?"
      "Oh, yes," Susan said quietly, enjoying the surge of 
arousal that seemed like a pulse between her legs.
      "James, Susan is going to let me do what I want with 
her.  That should excite you."
      He nodded, his cock pressing hard against his pants.
      "For instance, if I tell her to show us her tits, she 
will.  Won't you Susan?"
      "Yes."
      "In fact, you want to show us your tits, don't you?"
      "Yes."
      "James, do you want to see her tits?"
      He nodded.  Lisa stood and pulled Susan to her feet.  
Susan was turned on, waiting to see what this new side of 
her friend would do next.  
      Lisa was turned on, excited by the power she was 
showing.  Her breath grew short with arousal as she thought 
about how nasty she could get.
      "Face James, Susan."  She did and Lisa stood behind 
her.
      James pressed a hand against his swollen groin.  Lisa 
noticed and said, "James, take off your clothes but stay 
over there.  You can play with yourself a little as you 
watch, but don't get too excited.  I think you need to come 
inside Susan.  Wouldn't you rather do that than come all 
over my carpet?"
      He nodded.
      "So, be careful."
      He stood and removed his clothes while both ladies 
watched.  Their eyes did not move from watching his hard 
cock that stood away from his body.  He sat, spread his 
legs slightly and stroked himself a couple of times.
      Susan could actually feel the wetness between her 
legs.  She felt Lisa's hands grasp the edge of her shirt 
and begin to pull it up and over her head.  Susan raised 
her arms to assist.  She stood in front of James, with Lisa 
pressed behind her enjoying the fact that Lisa was exposing 
her to James.  James enjoyed the view of Susan standing in 
front of him in her bra and jeans.
      "Do you like?"
      He nodded, keeping quiet as she had asked.
      Lisa unhooked Susan's bra and threw it to James.  
"Feel how warm that is."  He did.
      Lisa held Susan's breasts in her hands, her thumbs 
lightly touching the nipples.  Susan's head was pressed 
back against Lisa.  Lisa leaned close, so close that James 
could not hear, and whispered, "Is your pussy wet?"
      Susan nodded.
      "Mine, too."
      "God, I love her nipples, don't you?"
      James nodded.
      "I'm going to taste one."  Lisa moved to the side and 
put her mouth over Susan's nipple, her tongue moving wetly 
over it.  A small sound escaped from deep in Susan's 
throat.
      Lisa looked at James.  "You know, I just thought of 
something I want to do sometime.  I want to lick your come 
from her breasts."
      James swallowed and stroked his cock slowly a couple 
of times.
      She licked the nipple again.  "In fact, I want to lick 
your come from her pussy, too."
      His cock twitched and reluctantly he let go of 
himself.  Susan made a humming sound of approval.
      Lisa looked at Susan.  "Would you like that?"
      "Yes.  Both ways."
      "Both ways?"
      "Yes, I would enjoy you licking come from my pussy and 
I would enjoy licking come from your pussy."
      Lisa smiled in agreement.
      "In fact," Susan said, and then paused, blushing.
      "What?"  Lisa hand caressed Susan's back.
      "You know what we should do sometime?"
      "Tell me."
      "We should rub our pussies together while both guys 
jack off on us.  Then we could lick the come from each 
other."
      "Oh, yeah, I like that nasty thought."
      James was astounded at what he was hearing.
      Lisa turned back toward James.  "James, would you like 
that? Would you like to jack off on both of us sometime and 
watch us lick it off."
      "Yes."  His voice kind of croaked.  His mouth was dry 
from excitement.
      "James," Lisa said, "did you look at Susan when were 
in bed with her and Charles?"
      He nodded.  Lisa smiled.
      "Would you like to see more?"
      He nodded again.
      "Susan, would you like James to look at you."
      "Yes," she said quietly.  "I'd like for him to see all 
of me."
      "All of you?"
      "Yes, all of me."
      "Did you hear that James, she wants you to see all of 
her."  He nodded.  She stroked Susan's breast and said, 
"Tell him what you mean by all of you."
      "James," Susan said, "I want to show you my pussy.  I 
want you to see inside of me.  Okay?"
      He nodded.  Susan smiled.  Then she blushed and looked 
shyly at Lisa.  Lisa smiled knowingly and nodded to her.
      "You know what else James?" Susan asked.
      "What?"
      "That's not all I want to show you."  She took a deep 
breath and looked shyly at the floor.  "I want you to look 
at my ass."
      He had to let go of his cock at that statement or he 
might have come.  "Yes," he said, "I"d like that."
      "I mean really look at me," she said.  "I want to 
spread my pussy open for you and then I want to turn over 
and spread my ass open for you to see me."
      A drop of pre-come squeezed from his cock.  Lisa 
noticed.  "Look, Susan, pre-come."
      Susan reached out with one finger.  Trying not to 
actually touch his flesh she caught the slick drop on her 
finger.  She held her finger toward Lisa who extended her 
tongue and, looking into Susan's eyes, she took the wetness 
from her finger.
      Lisa reached around Susan and unbuttoned her jeans.  
Susan pushed them to the floor.  James could not take his 
eyes off the two girls.  Lisa knelt beside Susan and 
pressed her cheek against the front of Susan's hip.  She 
inhaled and said, "God, James, I can smell her pussy."  She 
inhaled again.  
      Susan smiled at James.  She was turned on by being 
naked in front of James, by the attention of Lisa, and by 
the fact that Lisa was taking control.  Lisa slowly pushed 
Susan's panties down over her thighs, past her knees and to 
her ankles.  Susan raised one foot and then the other so 
the panties could slip off onto the floor.
      "James, spread you legs.  I want her to kneel in front 
of you."
      He did.  Susan knelt, sitting on her ankles, her knees 
spread a foot and a half.  The other two could not tell, 
but with her ankles she spread the cheeks of her ass.  It 
made her feel open and nasty to feel air on herself there.
      "James, stand over her."  He stood with his legs 
spread wide, his cock hard.  If he moved just a little, his 
balls brushed against the hair on top of her head.  Susan 
felt herself get wetter when that happened.
      Lisa took his cock and stroked it, looking down at her 
friend, naked on her knees on the floor.  "Susan, look at 
me."
      Susan turned her head up to look at Lisa.  She was 
looking around James's hard cock being stroked by Lisa's 
fist.  Susan and Lisa smiled at each other.
      "Open your mouth."  Susan opened her mouth wide.  
James could feel the moist heat of her breath on his cock.  
She moved her head a little further away from James so that 
the tip of him was just above her open mouth.  
      Lisa pressed the tip of his cock downward until the 
tip just passed Susan's lips.  Lisa continued to stroke 
him.  Susan let her mouth close loosely around his cock.  
He could feel her lips on the tip of him and on the skin 
that moved back and forth as Lisa stroked his cock.  His 
knees went weak.
      "Like?" Lisa asked.  
      "Oh, yeah," James said.  Susan nodded, her eyes bright 
with excitement.
      Susan pulled away from his cock, looked at Lisa and 
asked quietly, "May I touch myself?"
      Lisa smiled.  "Not yet, I have something better.  Lay 
back on the table."
      Susan came to her feet, her torso brushing against the 
tip of James's cock.  She sat on the table and lay on her 
back.  She left her legs together because she wanted to 
hear Lisa say:  "Spread your legs."  She did.  
      Lisa pulled a cushion off the sofa and pushed James to 
kneel on it.  She knelt beside him and stroked his cock.  
By rising as tall as he could on his knees, the tip of his 
cock could press between Susan's legs.  Lisa stroked him 
there, moving the tip of his cock up and down Susan's slit.  
She pulled him forward just as the tip of his cock 
separated the fleshy fold of Susan's sex and the his 
slipped in about a half an inch.  
      Lisa moved his cock around, corkscrewing the tip of 
him just inside Susan's pussy.  He felt the wetness 
covering him.  Susan closed her eyes and concentrated on 
the feelings, arching her back to increase the pressure of 
his cock.
      Lisa pulled his cock up, it slid with excruciating 
friction against the top of Susan's pussy, tugging at her 
as it slid out of her.  Lisa took the tip of him higher, 
seeking the bud of Susan's clit.  Lisa put two fingers of 
one hand on either side of the hood that protected Susan's 
clit and pressed back, exposing the pearly tip.  Leaning 
over, Lisa let a thin, warm line of saliva fall right on 
the exposed clit.
      Susan's legs quivered with excitement.  Lisa rubbed 
James's cock against Susan's clit, continuing to jack him, 
sliding her hand up and down his hardness.  Lisa moved him 
close to the clit and stopped stroking him.  Susan felt 
Lisa's cool fingers move to the tip of James's cock.  Susan 
felt her clit enveloped in a warm embrace.  She gasped and 
raised her head to look.  "You're putting me inside him, 
aren't you?"
      "Yes, your clit is fucking his cock."
      Susan and James both moaned in appreciation of the 
sensation being shared.  Susan pressed closer, and started 
humping motions with her pussy against him.
      "Turn over."
      Susan followed her friends request, moving to get on 
her hands and knees in front of James and Lisa.
      "Spread your ass."
      The command flushed through her.  Susan reached back 
and with one hand on each cheek of her ass, she spread 
herself, exposing all of herself to the couple behind her.  
She felt the tip of James's cock, wet from her pussy and 
Lisa's saliva brush against her asshole.  James looked down 
to see his hard cock in Lisa's hand being stroked and 
pressed against the asshole of the lady on her knees in 
front of him.  
      "Baby, I'm going to come pretty quick," he said.
      "Good," Lisa said, "I want you to come on her while I 
jack you off."
      His eyes closed as he surrendered to the sensations.  
Lisa sped up the stroking of his cock.  Susan moved back 
and forth beneath him, pressing her asshole against his 
cock.
      He made a sound as his orgasm bubbled to life.  His 
come was a hot jet of liquid against Susan's ass.  Lisa 
watched the sperm pump out and coat her friend's ass and 
begin to flow down toward Susan's wet pussy.  Lisa put a 
hand underneath, cupping her Susan's pussy to catch the 
sperm before it could fall to the floor.  Her fingers sent 
Susan over the edge to an orgasm as Lisa rubbed the hot 
come over and into Susan's pussy.
      Lisa pushed James so he sat back on the sofa.  Lisa 
moved behind Susan.  With a hand on each of Susan's thighs, 
Lisa pushed her tongue as low as possible and licked up 
toward her friend's asshole, tasting James's come and 
Susan's lubrication.  Her tongued moved up and over Susan's 
asshole trying to lick all of James's come off.  Lisa sank 
two fingers into the wet folds of Susan's pussy and Susan 
reached a new peak, having a more intense orgasm than she'd 
had before.
      Afterward, James sat sprawled at one end of the sofa, 
his soft, sticky cock heavy against his thigh.  Susan sat 
naked next to Lisa, her hand on Lisa's thigh.  Lisa, still 
fully clothed, had her arm around Susan.
      "Wow," Susan said.
      "Yes," Lisa said.
      "I have to pee," James said.  He got up to go to the 
bathroom.
      "Thank you," Susan said, "that was intense."
      Lisa laughed and said, "It's going to be difficult to 
behave properly around Cathy and Tom at the beach next 
weekend."
      Susan laughed.  "I've been thinking about that.  Maybe 
we should stay and extra week.  I know that nobody has our 
place rented that week.  I'm also sure that if we only 
decide to stay an extra week after we get there, that Cathy 
and Tom will not have time to make arrangements for the 
kids.  I'm sure Charles can take off the week.  How about 
you?"
      "It won't be any problem for me.  I don't know about 
James.  But it would be fun, wouldn't it?  We could all go 
naked all day."
      "We have another plan."

