Leonard McCoy watches.

He leans back in the shadows of the disciplinary center, rolling the cracked apple in his fingers, gaze never leaving Kirk where he stands in the agony booth. The way the booth plays the nervous system against itself usually drives people writhing to their knees, but Kirk never wavers; he glares out at the crowd of other cadets gathered, enemies all, with the intensity of a lion at the zoo. McCoy knows their hatred without looking at them: they hate Kirk for succeeding where everyone else has failed, or for cheating when no one else has been able to. For lashing out at one of their own, or for not playing the alliance game at all. For coming into the Academy three years ago straight from Nogura's own ship, a genius child with the hallowed Kirk name and the Fleet's high hopes clinging to him like a cloud of incense.

The boy's brilliance hasn't withered, but their hopes must have; at sixteen Kirk is savage and unpredictable, and only the old pederast's influence has kept him out of the hands of the doctors who can declare him unfit for the service. He has no friends, his father and his brother are dead, and his mother is kept out of his reach in the dark between the stars.

A faint waft of sweetness reaches his nose from the fruit. He considers it for a moment, and turns his attention back to Kirk.

Don't throw it away. It's still good.

Less than two hours ago, he'd gotten his first look at the child everyone else wanted to discard. He watched Kirk soundly defeat the Kobayashi Maru; McCoy figures he used the torpedoes to cause the simulated Klingon's shields to feed back on themselves in some fashion, though he doesn't understand the physics well enough to sort out exactly how, or if such a trick would work outside of a computer. Either way, he's sure the boy didn't cheat, didn't somehow hack into Lieutenant Commander Spock's carefully designed program. Whatever Kirk had done, he'd been sure it would work on its own merits.

He'll get a copy of the debriefing report later; some of the answers he needs will be in there. He's sent a politely worded request to his grandmother; many more of them will be in the combination of the two documents. But most of what he wants to know is right in front of him.

He studies the tension in Kirk's narrow shoulders and hips. He's definitely still a boy, which means if he's to be of use McCoy will have to get him out of Admiral Nogura's compound. Though it has been three years; if the bastard hasn't broken him by now, McCoy doubts anyone will. Kirk has learned how to divorce himself from the physical indignities Nogura likes to inflict, a skill serving him well in the booth.

The mechanism is working on him; subtle shivers and shudders run through Kirk's muscles and the fingers curling lightly against his thighs, but the only thing the booth can evoke, after all, is physical pain. And Kirk's clearly aware, from the way his bright wary eyes flick around the room, that pain is the least of his worries, particularly when the clear chirp of a communicator sends a stir through the room.

McCoy watches, eyebrow raised slightly; the Vulcan guard answers the call, and his dark eyes flick toward Kirk. Though his expression never changes, McCoy knows he doesn't like the order he just received. The guard closes the communicator and reaches out to punch a code into the wall console. McCoy hears the subliminal whine of the security camera fade, shortly before the booth reaches the end of its cycle. The two Vulcans simply walk out of the room.

McCoy leans forward, slightly. Perhaps half of the cadets leave with the guards, wanting no part of whatever's about to happen, or having too many demerits of their own to risk getting caught. Though Barnett's ordered this -- or Nogura has. McCoy considers, then discards the latter idea. Nogura's absence is message enough to Kirk.

The boy straightens and pushes the booth's door open, baring a flash of white teeth. The crowd hesitates. Their prey is not as vulnerable as they thought. McCoy considers intervening now, before they gather themselves and attack, because Kirk is only putting up a good front. Mind over body or not, he's likely weaker than a kitten.

But he's still not certain he's ready to take responsibility for the boy, and so he waits in the shadows; index finger tapping against the tacky skin of the apple. The cadets swarm forward, but Kirk's surprisingly ready -- he breaks someone's nose with the heel of his hand before landing a solid punch to the beefy leader's solar plexus, enough to give Kirk a four-step break toward the door.

McCoy will give him the bravery, and an impressive stubborn streak, but neither are enough to protect him from the overwhelming press of the mob. When he sees Kirk's legs swept from beneath him, he stands and moves closer, but he doesn't intervene until they stuff a gag in Kirk's mouth to keep him from biting, hands pulling arms roughly behind his back while other hands tear at the fastenings of his uniform.

"Enough," McCoy snarls, pitched to carry. The command cuts through the sounds of the struggle and most of the cadets straighten to face him. Kirk doesn't, but then the beefy bald cadet has his hand pressed hard into the small of Kirk's back where he's got the boy bent over a table. McCoy lets his eyes rake over all of them, coolly taking in those faces he doesn't know to attach to names later. "Out."

To a one, they obey; he's an officer, he ranks them, and none of them want to spend their own eternity in an agony booth. Kirk warily rolls to face him, reaching up to yank the gag out of his mouth. He spits blood, and the part of McCoy that never seems to know better wants to run a scanner over him and see what needs mending.

But the boy hasn't earned it, and he hasn't asked for it. His blazing blue eyes catch on the apple in McCoy's fingers, then come back up to McCoy's face.

"What do you want?" Kirk snaps, taut and balanced, prepared for another attack. McCoy raises an eyebrow, and the boy glares for a moment more before his eyes drop to the apple again. "Sir."

"Do you play chess, Cadet Kirk?"

Kirk's startlement and confusion are so plain in the way his eyes widen and his brow furrows that McCoy almost laughs. "Chess?"

McCoy smiles, thin and dangerous. "Yes. Chess. Just you and I."

Kirk's nostrils twitch, like some feral thing trying to guess whether the scent of food means survival or yet another trap. But he wavers, the lines smoothing from his forehead as curiosity begins to win out over suspicion.

"When?" He slowly draws the front of his torn jacket closed, fastens it without looking down.

"Now's good, if you're up for it," McCoy says with a shrug. "There's an overflow mess in the med center that no one should be using."

McCoy counts his own heartbeats, gets to five before Kirk decides with a sharp nod. "All right. No doctoring, though."

McCoy snorts, and tosses the apple over; Kirk's hands come up warp-fast and it smacks juicily into his palms. The grin Kirk offers in return is huge and white and strangely innocent, but he doesn't let his guard down because of the treat. He follows McCoy into the evening darkness, keeping them within each other's peripheral vision but out of arm's reach. His eyes are alert to everything around him while he happily crunches the apple right down to the core.

McCoy opens a side door to the med center and leads Kirk into the empty mess hall, rarely used for anything other than passing the time. He pulls an old-fashioned 2D chess set out of a cabinet full of dice, cards, and ancient board games.

Kirk chooses a seat in the corner, and reaches out to start setting up the board, taking the black pieces for himself. McCoy settles into the chair, watching him; Kirk's hands deftly drop the pieces in place, no signs of tremors or hesitation, as though his body has already forgotten the pain of the booth and the beating. He's focused on getting the board set up, but his eyes flick to McCoy's face at regular intervals.

When Kirk finishes, McCoy turns the board so the white pieces are in front of Kirk, and lifts an eyebrow slightly. Kirk shrugs and advances his knight; McCoy chooses a predictable opening that leaves Kirk many options, and Kirk responds swiftly, making each of his moves as soon as McCoy's let his piece go. The boy's lips, still speckled with dried blood, twist a little as he takes his first few pieces; predictable apparently doesn't earn McCoy much respect in Kirk's book.

If he's right, nothing but a solid victory will. Time to change the game a little.

"What did you think of the simulation?" McCoy asks, dropping a captured pawn back in the worn cardboard box.

"Pfegh. Real Klingon torpedoes aren't that powerful." Disgust thickens Kirk's voice.

"Do you think the simulator is meant to be realistic?"

"Why bother, otherwise? I mean yes, I know it's supposed to be no-win, but why make people throw out all the real-world things they've been taught? Just put in a few extra ships or something." Kirk takes McCoy's bishop, leaving his knight vulnerable to an easily sacrificed pawn.

"What do you think they're testing?"

He pauses over the board for a moment, eyes flicking through possibilities, makes a slightly more cautious move. "Fear. Decisiveness."

"No. Leadership, even in the face of death. And even without the results being back, I think you'd better prepare yourself for another defeat."

Kirk snarls and grips the edge of the table, his knuckles showing yellow beneath his bruised skin.

McCoy sighs. The boy has no control over his emotions; a dangerous flaw he'll need to be broken of, but one McCoy can exploit for his purposes right now. "Do you think you led effectively?"

"I told them what to do, they did it, and everybody lived." His voice is harsh, strained. "No one else has ever done that. I don't have to be nice about it, do I?"

McCoy captures his bishop with a knight. "Of course not. No one would respect you if you were. What makes an effective leader? Your mother, for example."

"She'd beat the shit out of anyone who tried to cross her."

"And does that make her an effective leader?"

Kirk studies the board, brows drawn down over blue eyes in concentration, not confusion. Pondering the game, or the conversation? "I don't know. She's strong. People just listen to her." He moves another pawn forward.

"People aren't as simple to figure out as equations, true, but people generally do things for reasons. Not always good reasons, not always sound reasons, but there are always reasons." McCoy ignores the bait, moves a rook to threaten Kirk's remaining knight. "Why is relying on your ability to beat the shit out of people a bad idea?"

His cheek twitches. "Because sometimes they have me at a disadvantage."

"And more generally?"

Kirk pushes away from the table, sending the chair skittering backward in a burst of energy. McCoy tracks him, noting that even in the moment of temper Kirk had been careful not to disturb the pieces on the board. And this isn't the time for a reprimand; too much to learn when Kirk's on the edge.

"If they'd just listen to me they'd be better off." He backs away from the table, raking a restless hand across his chest. His voice is thick and bitter.

"Why should anyone believe that?"

"I just showed them why!" Kirk paces around the edges of the room, slapping the wall hard as he goes. McCoy adds bruised palms to his mental list of Kirk's current injuries. "I don't belong here, I belong up there. This place is just a hell I need to go through to get there. I know ships better than anyone else on this filthy rock, I know ships, I know tactics, I know our enemies and if they'd just put me out there I would show them all!"

Interesting, that Earth is just another rock to him.

"And do you think you're showing me why I should believe you, right now?" McCoy leans back in the chair, arms folded over his chest, watching Kirk move. "Because, frankly, what I see is a spoiled child who I wouldn't put in charge of a tribble, let alone a starship."

"I'm just in the wrong place."

"Yes, of course." McCoy will offer only boredom in response to teenage whining. Kirk rubs his thumbs across his fists, then makes himself stride back over to the table. He moves his queen boldly across the board with a sharp clack.

"You don't know what I'm capable of," he says, still standing, leaning over the back of the chair. It might be intimidating in someone else.

"No," McCoy agrees, mildly, "but I know something you don't. What you're capable of doesn't matter."

He studies the board for a moment, and then captures Kirk's queen with a pawn. "Checkmate in two."

Kirk looks up into McCoy's eyes, startled, then down at the board again. His lips tighten and he searches the board, unwilling to take McCoy's word for it. McCoy waits to see if Kirk can find the one move that will upset his prediction; within a second, he slides his rook forward.

"Forgive me. In four." Again, he doesn't bother to hide the boredom. Pleasure at proof of Kirk's strategic intelligence, on the other hand, he keeps to himself.

Kirk makes him play out the four moves. The refusal to resign isn't unexpected in the face of what McCoy has already seen today.

"Again," Kirk demands.

"Another time. You're not sufficiently in control of yourself to be a worthwhile opponent."

"No! I can do this." He sits in the chair again. "I want to play."

McCoy rests his chin on his steepled fingers, considering whether or not the boy's potential is worth the effort. Finally, he nods.

"Once more. Set up the board."

This time, the game is almost silent, and Kirk takes more time between moves. McCoy shows the same focus, and in the end the best the child can do is fight him to a draw. Kirk is frustrated, but also fascinated; McCoy suspects it's been a long time since anyone has beaten him at chess. Or even agreed to play a second game.

"One more? Please?"

"No. Not tonight." McCoy rises to his feet.

"When, then? Where?"

"Here. And I won't be available again until late Sunday morning." They're going to have to start by teaching Kirk a little patience.

Kirk nods, and hurries to leave. McCoy shakes his head, eyes narrowed, watching him go. The boy and his abilities will fit neatly into his plans for the future, but there are a lot of ifs. He's not a fan of uncertainty, and getting the cadet ready will mean a certain amount of re-structuring.

Nevertheless. He's used to challenge, and if things don't pan out with Kirk himself he can see a number of ways taking the boy under his wing will still be useful.