Two volunteers
by Cloudy

I couldn't believe what I heard when I'm health class. I was half heartedly pretending to be listening while I slowly zoned out as class started but after our basic introduction, the teacher announced that we had two volunteers that had lent their bodies for educational purposes. That couldn't really mean what I thought it did right? I was positive that something like this was too good to be true, something that could only happen in fiction. Maybe I missed some important detail while I was zoning out, thinking about what I was gonna do after school. Was this some kind of joke that I wasn't in on? I looked around the room at the reactions of everyone else and they all seemed just as shocked as I was. When the teacher called up the volunteers, I wasn't sure of anything anymore. They were students? And from this class? Who was she talking about I wondered, but I never would have thought I could be so lucky. The two hottest girls in class walked up to the front of the room next to the teacher. Nicole and Leah. 

They were both blushing, although still smiling making them look nervous about what they possibly agreed to do. Leah was always a bit of an eccentric person. Outgoing, personable, and she rotated boyfriends every month in a very public fashion. Nicole on the other hand was shy and quiet. A smart girl that kept mostly to herself although she did obviously have many friends. They both had an aura about them that made them seem like someone you would want to be around. You could call it friendly but that wouldn't do them the justice and although they were radically different people, they both had that same vibe to them which made them good friends. And now they both stood in front of the class, Leah trying hard to look confident while standing in front of everyone and Nicole letting the awkwardness show more abundantly in her nervous smile. 

"Ok so just to be clear, you two came up with the idea for this and agreed to it, right?" The teacher asked them. 

"Yup!" Leah answered somewhat proudly, with her chest puffed out and her hands on her hips. Her tight shirt came up a little bit, showing her tan belly to the class as she answered for the both of them. Leah was from some kind of Spanish country, although I don't know her well enough to know which one, but it gave her an exotic look that most people were a sucker for. She was tiny, standing nearly only five feet tall with a chest that looked like it needed a little encouragement to grow. Nicole, on the other hand, was about six inches taller and already had a full rack on her. In my opinion her best feature was her beautiful face with short, straight black hair, but I'm sure most other guys would disagree with me. Nicole had enough bust for the both of them although it looked like she could use a little more of the sun that Leah got. Her usually white face was now full blown red as she tried her best to not look shy but the embarrassment was already getting to her. 

"Ok so which one of you wanted to start," asked the teacher, who was also feeling the obvious tension in the room. 

"We were gonna do it all together if that's okay," Leah shot back with a thirsty look in her eyes. I was still having a hard time believing it. Were they being forced to do this or did they really, truthfully volunteer to do it without being asked. It made no sense. 

"It's fine with me. Nicole, that was what you two planned?" She focused the attention onto Nicole who was feeling much more self conscious than the bubbly Leah. The only answer she could muster was an awkward 'Y-yeah'. "Then," the teacher continued, "how do you want to get started?" She asked the girls and it was of course Leah that answered back, offering to just jump right into it. 

Leah wasted no time pulling her jeans off her body as well as letting her shoes fall off. Her thighs were tanned and petite and the panties she was wearing were pure white. Every eye in class locked onto her underwear, as well as Nicole’s, who was struggling to begin undressing. She watched along with the class as Leah lifted her shirt over her head, and revealed her bare chest to the everyone. She had no bra on, the class collectively gasped as her tiny tits popped out with even tinier brown nipples sticking out. Her areolas were puffy and made the rock hardness of her nipples even more plain to see. Her whole body was tanned but by this point everyone could tell that she was blushing pretty hard despite her huge smile stretching across her face. Was she really doing this because she volunteered? It was difficult to tell, she looked like she could have been getting blackmailed or maybe she really was just this aggressively horny. 

Leah took a seat on the table in the front on the class room, keeping her legs spread as her vagina pressed heavily against the fabric, desperate to get out. Nicole finally began to strip when she realized that her friend had already done it all, and was now sitting in front of the class in her panties and socks. Nicole clumsily unbuttoned her jeans as the class was still glued to the eyes of the nearly naked Leah. Nicole unzipped her jeans, and the first glimpse of her pure white panties came into view for anyone that could take their eyes off Leah. Nicole wiggled her jeans down her thick thighs and milky white calf's before she fumbled around trying to remove them completely. She was obviously feeling rather self conscious as she couldn't even properly take off her shoes without losing balance. When she finally did manage to get her pants off, the smile on her face had totally vanished. She quickly reached for her shirt, and without hesitating, pulled it over her head, showing off her massive d cup breasts to the class. 

Leah had barely any chest so it made sense that she might not bother with a bra, but for a well endowed girl like Nicole, to go without one was absolutely shocking. The audible shock from the class as her boobs dropped out of her shirt without a bra must have just added to the embarrassment. Her nipples were ghostly white and barely even visible for the most part, especially from a distance. She avoided facing most of the crowd as it was revealed that they were wearing matching outfits to the strip show. Both of them had tight, pure white panties, no bra, and black knee high socks. Nicole took a seat next to Leah who was ecstatic to see Nicole had managed to undress the same way she had. Oddly enough, when looking at the girls panties, I couldn't help but notice what looked like a little wet spot on Nicole's. Was she just as into this as Leah? Were they both really this excited to be naked in class? Was this even allowed?

"Okay," the teacher said calmly, "so a girls breasts..." she droned on about female anatomy but I doubt anyone was listening. Every time she mentioned a part of the body, Leah would make sure to show everyone. When the teacher started with their breasts and Leah began to gently grip her own flat chest, the teacher had lost the focus of the whole class. Everyone stared, unashamedly as Leah squeezed the small amount of fat on her and pinched and and pulled her own nipples in front of everyone. Nicole watched from right next to her, looking almost as desperate as the boys in class as she watched her friend grope herself but didn't make a move to touch her own massively excited breasts. I wasn't paying attention to whatever the teacher said that made Leah peel off her knee high socks but her delicate feet slid out and her toes stayed scrunched for much of the presentation. Nicole, without saying a word, in disappointing fashion, decided not to take off her socks at the same time. 

When the time came, Leah could hardly wait to grab a hold of her white panties. The teacher was getting to the part that everyone was waiting for, Leah was beaming with anticipation. Nicole's forced awkward smile had returned as well which meant to me that maybe she was waiting for this too. Before the teacher couldn't even utter the words, Leah bounced to her feet, and threw her panties to her ankles, proudly displaying her clean shaven pussy as the class watched silently. Her pussy lips were thick and juicy, looking ready for action. She kicked her panties off her feet, and sat back down on the table, spreading her legs just enough to spread her vagina open, showing her every part of it to the class with an obviously sexual and horny smile on her face. Nicole stayed seated and wiggled her underwear off her butt, and down her legs, letting them hang around her feet. Her legs were closed for a moment before she reopened them, moving her knees apart but her feet together to display her dripping wet vagina.

Nicole's clitoris had become enlarged as pointed out by the teacher, making the whole class watch intently as their stares alone almost brought her to orgasm. Her beet red blushing face was smiling more genuinely than ever as she reached down to expose herself further to the teacher's explanations. They both looked extremely horny like they couldn't wait for the chance to start masturbating in front of everyone. The teacher went on to explain everything about each part and when she mentioned that the clitoris is the most sensitive part and was used mostly for sexual pleasure, Leah made the generous offer to show everyone in detail. Without a response from the teacher, her hand shot down to her pussy as she began rubbing her clit in circles. The whole class was shocked. Sure she was sitting totally naked from head to toe on her own accord but to actually begin masturbating in front of everyone was still somehow unbelievable. 

The teacher stopped talking, I think she was even shocked and unsure of what to really say or do about it. Leah just kept rubbing on her glistening wet, bald, tanned pussy. She lifted her feet onto the desk, keeping her legs spread and one hand in her clit, the other reached down and she inserted two fingers into herself with a small but audible moan. Her smile seemed to widen each second as she purposefully humiliated herself for the class' enjoyment. As she sped up, and pleasured herself harder and harder to reach climax, Nicole slowly took one hand to her own clitoris and began to follow suit. In contrast to Leah who masturbated with clear experience and a tolerance for having her clit toyed with, Nicole gently touched herself. Carefully, she touched her clit with two fingers, she moved her hand slowly but the look on her face told the class that she was already close to cumming which wasn't a surprise since her pussy had been soaking wet the whole time. 

Leah aggressively and forcefully got herself off, showing how much experience she's already had while Nicole used just one hand and looked ready to cum in half the time it took Leah. Nicole began to hunch over and close her eyes. She was ready to climax in front of everyone. She squeezed one of her breasts and gently kicked and twirled her feet as she came in front of everyone. Her panties that hung by her toes finally fell to the ground, and her vagina released all the pent up sexual tension in her body. A wave of cum left her body as she covered her mouth partly in shock from cumming so heavily but also to muffle her gentle moaning and heavy breathing. A few seconds after Nicole's intimate moment with the class, Leah finally managed to orgasm as well. As she did, she took her hands off her vagina and lifted her legs off the table and into the air. Her pussy was throbbing and pulsating as she held her legs up to give a clear view of her tight anus as well. 

Leah's stretched her toes back and forth as her pussy began to cool off from the orgasm. Her little soles rubbed together, showing how much energy was put into that orgasm. Her juices flowed down her pussy and dropped off her sweating body. The teacher, feeling awkward after having witnessed two students orgasm in class, brought over a box of tissues for them to use to clean themselves off. Leah wiped herself down with the same huge smile, but when Nicole touched her vagina again, just to clean herself up, she couldn't contain her pleasure seeking moan. It was only for a second and she couldn't even stop herself from laughing about it. The genuine happiness on her face and in her voice after having touched herself for no discernible reason in class made me realize that they both wanted this. There was no doubt anymore that they were just a couple of girls looking to get their rocks off in the strangest and most humiliating and public way.
