                                The Fatherless Pact
                                  By Lust 4 Life

Monique has always loved sex and been fascinated by playing sperm roulette. Now as a 
professional woman who has decided that for the most part men are jerks, her biological 
clock is going off when she meets her old friend Alex. The two women share a common 
desire for children but not husbands, and agree to play sperm roulette together. M+F+ 
preg

Background

I guess Ive always been a bit oversexed and a bit kinky, ever since I started to develop 
around age 13. Of course I learned the basics in sex ed a few years before, but as my 
breasts began to fill out and my pussy hair started to grow, I found I could think of little 
else but sex. I was always a bit fascinated by the idea of playing sperm roulette, of letting 
strange men cum in my pussy and taking my chances. Once I watched a pair of 
neighborhood dogs humping away, and couldnt help but feel how wonderful it would be 
to be as wild and uninhibited as those two dogs.

I managed to hold out till I was 16 before I lost my virginity. My boyfriend and I went 
away on a camping trip, specifically to do the deed. I remember we were both so anxious 
to get the tent up so we could get inside and start to explore our bodies. We barely left the 
tent for meals that weekend. The first time hurt at first, but then felt wonderful. The first 
time I felt a man shooting his cum in me was such a mind blowing experience. I didnt 
really know what to expect, he just kept going faster, panting, and tensing up, holding me 
tighter, and then I felt him swell up and suddenly there was this fantastic pulsing feeling 
inside my pussy and a sudden warmth as he groaned and I knew he was doing it, shooting 
inside me. Ever since then I have always loved the feeling of a man spurting inside me, 
the look on his face, his groans, the feel of him pulsing inside. We must have screwed 10 
times that weekend. I was a soggy mess and we were both sore by the time we headed 
home.

Well, that did it. I was absolutely hooked. From then on, I went wild, having sex as often 
as I could. I couldnt get enough. Somehow, I not only finished high school but went on 
and finished college as well. There were a few frats that would never be the same after I 
was done with them. And you know those stories you hear about wild co-eds at Daytona 
Beach for Spring Break? Well, Im sure I was at least a strong contributor to those 
stories. There were the wet T-short contests, the wild all night beach parties, you name it.

As I was going through college and afterwards, I was having too much fun to think about 
settling down or getting serious with anyone. But I watched most of my friends 
eventually get married, and almost as inevitably, get divorced. As I listened to their 
stories, and from my own experience, I gradually decided that men were good for a nice 
hard cock and sweaty sex, but other than that, they were jerks and just not for me.

Just about the time the ol biological clock really started going off, I ran into an old 
college friend, Alex, who had shared many of my wild times. Turns out she had taken a 
similar path in life, loved sex, thought men were jerks, and now wanted to have kids. The 
more we talked, the more the idea started to take hold. Being a single mom is just no fun 
 too much work, no time for play, balancing job and kids with no time for mom. But if 
the two of us lived together and both had kids, we could help each other out, take turns 
watching the kids, giving each other some time off. We were both professional women 
with good incomes, we could certainly support ourselves financially. Maybe we didnt 
need fathers in the mix disappointing us and messing things up. And thats how we came 
up with our fatherless pact. At first we decided we would each get pregnant, without the 
father even knowing we werent using birth control. As we talked about it, I confessed 
not only my interest in having a baby, but my fascination with playing sperm roulette, 
wrapping myself around a complete strangers cock and letting it shoot its virile sperm 
into my fertile womb, until one of them made me pregnant. Alex confessed a secret 
fantasy of hers, to watch someone mating for real, or be watched as she was mated and 
became pregnant. The idea turned me on too.

So we agreed, we would both go off the pill and use a diaphragm most of the time, but 
when we got to a time of the month when we were both likely to be fertile, the 
diaphragms would go away, and wed go out together to find a pair of good looking 
healthy men to bring home to shoot us full of their baby juice.

Pickup

We finally decided Friday it was. We were both ovulating and fertile. I was completely 
distracted at work, probably would have been more productive to just blow it off 
completely. The hours seemed to drag. Finally it was time to head home, have dinner, 
and get the show on the road. We were both giddy that evening, part nervous, part 
anticipation as we had dinner, showered, and got dressed. We both picked out some of 
our more outrageous clothes for the evening  short skirts, low cut blouses, high heels 
(fuck me pumps). Once we were convinced we were irresistible, we piled into my car 
and headed to a local night club.

As we headed into the club, the men immediately began to notice us  it was hard not to. 
A few single men approached Alex or myself and we usually accepted a dance, and 
enjoyed letting them run their hands over our bodies while we pressed against them on 
the dance floor. It was a turn on to feel their bulges through their pants, knowing they 
would each love sink their hard cocks in our wet pussies. Little did they imagine just how 
ready we were for them. But we werent ready to make our selections yet so we politely 
declined second dances and kept looking. Of course all of this rubbing on the dance floor 
and male arousal was making my juices begin to flow.

Then we saw them, two wonderful looking hunks sitting at a table not far away. Both had 
nice V shaped chests, muscular arms, and were clean shaven. One had dark hair while 
one had dirty blonde colored hair. We saw them dance with a couple of women (oh, they 
had nice tight asses and moved well), but they obviously werent attached yet. I felt a 
twinge in my pussy and a little extra dampness  yes these guys had possibilities! Alex 
felt the same way and soon, like two cats in heat we went after our potential mates. 
Walking over to them, we were pretty straight-forward, telling them their good looks had 
caught our eyes and wondered if they would like to dance. Since we were all over them, 
rubbing our chests against them as we asked, they really never stood a chance. And ooh, 
even their voices, deep, rich sounding voices sent shivers through my body.

Soon we moved out on the dance floor. I pressed up against Jake, the blonde while 
Alex fit herself against Karl. At first I mashed my breasts against his muscular chest, 
enjoying the sensation and the effect it had on Jake, while I let his hands roam freely over 
my body. As we continued to dance, I could feel a swelling in his pants and ran my hands 
over his ass as we pressed together on the floor.

All too soon the dance was over and the men invited us back to their table. Sitting next to 
the men, making contact with our legs and shoulders, we chatted a bit, enough to learn 
that Jake was a martial arts instructor and Ken was a professional, and both worked out 
regularly. Jake and Ken complimented us on our hot looks and uninhibited attitude. 
Soon they suggested that it was kind of noisy and hot in the night club and maybe we 
should go somewhere else. They didnt need to ask twice and we invited them back to 
our place. Jake and I went in my car while Alex and Ken followed in Kens car. When we 
got to our place, we settled the men in the living room and headed for the kitchen to fix 
drinks. Well, this is it whispered Alex. Theyre raring to go. How about you?

God, Ive been dripping all night, but especially since I saw them! Im so horny I may 
just melt down if I dont get a hard cock in me soon! Alex giggled and said, I know 
what you mean, me too!

Round 1

We headed back to the living room with the drinks and soon plopped down almost on top 
of Jake and Ken. We all knew what we were here for and the small talk didnt last long 
before Jake and I were entangled in a passionate kiss our tongues eagerly exploring each 
others mouths as our hands explored each others bodies. God did his hands send shivers 
throughout my body and make me squirm. He seemed to enjoy the effect he was having 
on me. I could hear pants and slurping sounds coming from Alex and Karl behind me, but 
was too busy to pay too much attention to them.

Soon Jake began to slide the straps of my top off my shoulders. Wait I said. How 
about if Alex and I do a little strip for you guys? Would that turn you on? The men 
eagerly agreed, and I knew this would turn Alex on, watching me turning the men on 
getting ready to be impregnated, and in turn, being watched when it was her turn. I stood 
and began to grind my hips and wiggle my chest at the 3 on the couch, and then took my 
time teasing them with my top, before finally pulling it free, exposing my 36Cs for all to 
see. Moving over I offered one to Jakes mouth as I continued to move my ass and ran 
my hand over his crotch, feeling his erection. Then I moved over and gave the same 
treatment to Ken. Now I backed up a bit so everyone could see as I continued to move 
my hips and started teasing them with my panties, starting to drop them in front just 
enough to show a little pubic hair, then raising them, turning, dropping them to show my 
ass, then raising them. Finally, I pulled them all the way down, exposing myself 
completely to my audience. I continued to dance for a short while, running my hands 
over my body and over my pussy. Running a finger along my moist slit I moved over and 
let Jake lick it off before I settled down in his arms. Now it was Alexs turn.

I sat between the two men, with a hand in each lap feeling their bulges through the fabric 
of their pants as Alex began to strip. I thought to myself, These hard dicks are soon 
going to be pounding in our hot, fertile pussies and then shooting their hot cum into our 
unprotected wombs! Were going to be not just fucking, but mating, like wild animals, 
doing it for real! The thought made me squirm. Ken was massaging my right breast 
while Jake worked his finger in my sopping pussy. Alex soon had her top off and was 
offering her luscious breasts to the men, before returning to finish her strip act. By the 
time she lost her panties we were all so hot we ripped the clothes off of the men.

Jakes cock sprang up from its hairy nest, staring at me with its lidless eye and I dove 
down on it and immediately swallowed it. Its masculine flavor tasted wonderful in my 
mouth and I loved the velvety soft, hardness of it. I reached in with my hand and began 
running my fingers over his sack, feeling his balls. He was so hard they were pulled up 
tight against his body instead of hanging down. I could taste his pre-cum oozing from his 
slit as I worked on his cock with my tongue. I could hear Alex working away on Ken, 
next to us and glanced over to see her head bobbing up and down in his lap as he moaned 
in pleasure.

Soon Jake said, I cant stand this any longer. I dont want to shoot in your mouth, I want 
to shoot in your pussy. I lay back and spread my legs wide for him, while looking over 
and catching Alexs eye. Now Jake was moving between my legs, his cock reaching 
eagerly for my pussy. This is it I thought, Last chance. I could still run and put my 
diaphragm in. But no, I had never been as turned on as I was now. The thought that I 
was really playing sperm roulette with my unprotected womb and a hot eager cock was 
incredible. Now Jake brought the head down and touched my pussy lips with it, Oooh, it 
just sent shivers through my body. Now he was rubbing it along my lips, lubricating it 
with my juice as I tried to thrust up and get him to slip inside, but he took his time. 
Finally he brought the head back to the entrance and with one smooth motion his cock 
slid all of the way into me. He drove down and in as I thrust up to meet him, till our pubic 
bones ground together and I could feel his balls against my ass. The sensation was terrific 
and I could feel him throbbing and twitching in me and my pussy clenched around him.

Now he started moving inside me, pulling back, thrusting into me. I had been fucking 
regularly since I was 16, but that was all practice. This was my first real fuck, the way 
nature had bred us to do it. As he drove into me, I pushed up at him, grinding against 
him, trying to feel as much of his cock in me as I could. Unh-unh-unh, yes, oh, more, 
more, fuck me I moaned as I grabbed his ass. Oh, I loved that, the feel of his ass flexing 
in my hands as he drove into me! My pussy was going crazy, convulsing on his thick 
cock as he continued to thrust into me. I reached around under my legs and ran my 
fingers over his balls. I was rewarded by an increase in the speed of his strokes and his 
sighs of Oh, yes! Oh I love that! I looked over and saw Alex watching me as Fred 
pounded into her. I smiled and blew her a kiss, before my eyes closed and I was lost in 
the sensation.

Soon I felt my orgasm beginning to build, my whole body was tingling. Meanwhile I 
could feel Jake thrusting into me faster, he had a glazed look in his eyes, lost in his own 
sensations as my body urged him on. I could feel his body gradually tightening, his 
abdomen tightening, his legs tightening as he drove faster into me, his arms tightening 
around my shoulders, pulling me closer to him, so he could pull me as close as possible 
when he came inside me, so he could sink his cock as deep as possible while it spewed its 
fluid in me, increasing the chances that he would impregnate me. Without thought from 
me, my hips were jamming against him, I was clawing at his back. My body too was 
tensing, getting ready for the release of orgasm. Both our bodies were on auto-pilot now, 
mating of their own accord. Our minds were just along for the ride, in fact, they were 
almost shut down, all either of us could feel was the need to keep going, to complete the 
act.

I could feel my orgasm was just a moment away, I was straining to feel it, reaching for it. 
Yes, yes! Do it! Fuck me! Make me come! I moaned. Then I heard him gasp, Oh, oh! 
Im gonna cum  That sent me over the edge. My orgasm washed over me, I screamed, 
my body thrashing wildly against him and then I felt him swelling in me as he lunged 
against me, groaning deeply, and I then I felt a flooding warmth inside me as I felt his 
cock throbbing, pulsing inside me as he pumped his sperm into my unprotected, fertile 
womb. Yes-s-s I wailed, Give it to me, pump it into me! Give me your cum and then 
I went somewhere Ive never been before or since. Jets of pleasure were shooting through 
my body, down my arms and legs, my butt was clenching, my pussy was going crazy. 
But at the same time, I could see the jets of cum blasting out of the end of his cock, 
flowing through my cervix, filling my womb. I could see his sperm swimming up my 
tubes toward my egg.

As I slowly drifted back to reality, I saw Alex watching me with a look of amazement on 
her face, and then her eyes rolled back in her head as she started coming, arching up, 
offering herself to Ken. This was too much for Ken and I saw him lunge into Alexs 
eager body, trying to drive himself deeper and deeper, and I knew he was coming, 
pumping his load into Alex. I reached around and massaged Jakes balls again and felt his 
cock flex inside me as he emptied a few more drops of semen inside me.

Interlude

The men were shot for a while. They both said they thought we were going to rip their 
dicks off we came so hard. We got another round of drinks and sat chatting, cuddling, 
and lazily fondling each other. The men suggested that Alex and I work on each other 
while they recuperated. Sounded like a good idea to me, as I leaned over and began 
kissing and nuzzling Alex. Soon her arms were around me, her hand running over my 
back, then over my breasts. My hands were doing similar things and continuing down 
over her nice ass and on down her thighs, then back up to her pussy. There was cum from 
both of them on her inner thighs and in her pussy hair and back into the crack of her ass. 
Now I kissed my way down her neck, drawing shutters from her as my hand continued to 
massage her pussy. Finally I reached her breasts. At the same time I slipped a finger 
inside her pussy  she was sopping, full of cum!

I nibbled on her breasts while her hands massaged my breasts and one hand slid down to 
my pussy. I squirmed in delight as she slipped a finger inside. After a bit more nibbling 
on her luscious breasts, I worked my way down her belly, turning so that we ended in a 
69 position. As my tongue slid along her slit I could taste the mixture of her tangy juices 
mingled with Kens cum. Knowing I was tasting the left over sperm from a real mating, 
from a hot throbbing cock in a fertile, open pussy added to my excitement. At the same 
time, I felt Alexs tongue exploring my own slit. Ahh, thats great I managed to 
mumble while working on her slit. Can you taste Jakes sperm that he shot in me? I 
asked. Then I concentrated on the job at hand  making Alex go wild with pleasure. I 
slowly slipped my tongue deeper between her lips and found her rigid clitoris, tonguing it 
for a while, then slipping down and sinking my tongue into her sopping hole. Alex was 
doing similar things to me, causing me to moan as I licked, to squirm my hips against her 
face, and my breasts against her abdomen. The sensations were overwhelming  her 
tongue in my slit, the pressure on my breasts, the smell and taste of her recent mating in 
my nose and on my tongue.

I continued to work on Alex, eliciting moans and squirms from her as I felt my orgasm 
building. As I licked, I could feel her body beginning to shake, I could feel her heart 
pounding through her body and then as the final climb to orgasm began, she focused 
entirely on her pleasure, momentarily stopping her work on me. I didnt care, I was so 
turned on by what I was doing to her, by my desire to send her over the edge, I kept 
working, feeling her respond, till suddenly her body began convulsing and jerky wildly as 
she came. I could taste the flood of new juice from her, but was having trouble keeping 
my mouth in place as she spasmed in orgasm. Finally she slowed and attacked my pussy 
with renewed vigor, almost desperate to make me come as well. Now it was my turn, I 
just closed my eyes and concentrated on the feeling. I could feel my orgasm building, like 
the tide coming in, a series of waves of increasing intensity, each peak a bit higher, then 
receding a bit before climbing again. Now I could sense the big one was coming, I could 
feel my muscles tensing for their release as Alex worked first my clit, then my hole, then 
back to my clit. Just as I was about to go over the top, she slipped a finger deep into my 
pussy and it felt like my body just exploded. It was as if someone hooked a high voltage 
generator to my body as I started bucking and thrashing, but in an exquisitely pleasurable 
way. Finally, my orgasm began to wane and we untangled ourselves, kissing deeply.

Round 2

Then I felt a larger, stronger pair of hands on my shoulders, a hairy chest against my 
back, an erect penis brushing against my legs, and a mouth nibbling my neck. I opened 
my eyes to see Jake holding Alex from behind, so it must be Ken behind me. I pressed 
back against Ken, wiggling my ass to let him know I was receptive and enjoying the feel 
of his hard body pressed against mine. His hands came around and grabbed my breasts, 
massaging them. After a few pleasurable minutes of this I pulled away, turned around, 
and with both of us kneeling, pressed my body against his, our tongues finding each other 
as we kissed. I could feel his hairy chest against my breasts, his partially erect cock 
pressing into my bush, his hands on my ass. Mm-m-m, delightful!

Now breaking away and pushing him back, I started to nibble my way down his chest, his 
belly, to his curly pubic hair, until I engulfed his semi-hard cock. It still tasted of come, 
his and Alexs. As I sucked on him, bobbing my head up and down, and then licked his 
shaft with my tongue, he rapidly hardened until he was stiff as a rock. Reaching down, I 
ran my fingers over his balls, the balls that had just filled Alex with sperm and were soon 
going to be filling my unprotected pussy with sperm. Looking up at him as I continued to 
fondle his balls, I asked, Do you have a big load for me? Are you going to fill me up 
good? Ken just moaned. I noticed Alex and Jake were already going at it like animals, 
Alex on her knees, Jake behind her, thrusting his cock into her. Thinking that looked 
good, I got on all fours facing Alex and wiggled my ass in invitation to Ken. He didnt 
need to be asked twice! Moving behind me, I felt the head of his penis brush my thigh, 
then lie on my ass as he slid up between my legs. Now I felt him taking his cock and 
running the head up and down my dripping slit, lubricating it for easy entrance. Reaching 
back between my legs, I grabbed the head and positioned it at the entrance to my pussy. 
We both moaned as he started to slide into me, my cunt walls separating around the head 
as it slid in, clinging to the shaft. He kept sliding in, until I felt his belly against my ass, 
his balls against my clit. He was all of the way in, the head of his penis right at the 
entrance to my unprotected womb. I already had one load of hot sperm swimming inside 
me, looking for my egg, and now another cock was in position, ready to flood me with 
another load of male sperm, intent on finding my egg and impregnating me. Again 
reaching between my legs, I ran my finger tips over his balls, the balls that were 
producing the sperm his cock was soon going to spew into my womb. Come on lover I 
said, Im ready. I want to feel that cock thrusting into me. Fuck me. Fuck me good. 
With that, he started to withdraw, then slam back in, fucking me bareback for the second 
time this evening.

I looked in Alexs eyes. They were partially glazed, she was moaning, lost in her own 
world, feeling Jake plowing into her fertile pussy from behind. I watched as the cock that 
had recently been stroking into my pussy now slid in and out of Alexs, as the balls that 
just shot a load of hot cum into my fertile womb bounced off Alexs cunt as they got 
ready to deliver another load into her. Looking back over my shoulder at Ken, I moaned, 
Oh, yes, more, give it to me. as I felt him continuing to thrust into me, felt his balls 
slapping against my cunt each time he sank into me. I wiggled my hips and pushed back 
against his thrusts, urging him on, showing him how much I enjoyed his fucking. Now I 
felt him bending over my back, reaching around and felt his hands massaging my breasts, 
sending additional shivers through my body.
Meanwhile, Jake was really plowing Alexs cunt and she was panting, gasping, and 
suddenly pushing back hard on Jakes cock as she came, groaning in pleasure. Jake 
continued to thrust into her, hard and fast, intent on his own orgasm now, on cuming deep 
inside her. Now he too was gasping as he neared orgasm, his strokes short and fast, 
keeping his cock deeply buried in order to deliver his load at the entrance to her womb. 
Oh, oh, oh,    Ah-h! Ah! Ah! Jake moaned as I saw him lunge into Alex. She pressed 
back hard against him and I knew he was shooting his load deep inside her unprotected 
pussy, mating with her the way nature intended.

Now I felt Kens body tensing as he too neared orgasm, turned on no doubt by the sight 
of his friend cuming in Alex. I felt his cock slamming into me faster, staying deeper. I felt 
his body continuing to tense and knew he was close to exploding inside me, close to 
delivering his second load of hot sperm this evening, this time into my eagerly waiting 
cunt. Suddenly I felt his cock swelling getting even harder with his last few strokes. My 
body was out of control too, pushing back hard against him, urging him on. Suddenly I 
felt his cock swell again and he pushed hard into me, the head pressed up against my 
cervix, grinding his pubic bone against my ass, pressing his balls against my cunt. I felt 
the sudden flooding warmth and wetness as he started to pour his sperm into me. Now 
my orgasm washed over me, overwhelming me in pleasure as I felt his cock continue to 
pulse inside me, pumping more sperm into me.

We all collapsed in a heap. After letting the sensations finally die down and recovering 
our breath, it was time for the men to go.

