A slut for my father's bachelor party

By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My father was getting remarried after being a widower for nearly 15 years. Both my brother and I were very happy for him as he had finally found someone to spend his time with. We had always been worried about him - both of us being married and busy with our own families and all - as we could not spend as much time with him as we would have liked. Anyway, we wanted to make his marriage an exciting affair for him and decided to throw a bachelor's party for him and his five close friends. Of course, both of us were involved as well. A stripper or a dancer has been the show piece of any bachelor party and we really wanted to surprise our father so we hired a stripper and arranged for a large motel room to have the party away from home. As luck would have it, the stripper really fell sick on the day of the party and called me to apologize. I really had no clue what to do...and my brother was busy with some plumbing job he had committed to (I am sure you got it that he runs plumbing services). I called several friends frantically to get a replacement but how many strippers are out there in a remote town like mine? Not many. So I told my wife about my problem...and asked if she knew anyone who could humor some old men for about one hour. But she could not think of anyone.

My wife is about 30, same age as me, and she is hot. Since we do not have any children yet, and since she follows a strict exercise regime, she has this super hot body and a face to match. She is also a very good dancer.

So in the end I just begged her to be the dancer. "Honey, please do this for me...it's just a little bit of wiggling your butt and tits...please darling just think of it as an hour of aerobics..." Sighing and whining, she agreed. The party was just a few hours away so leaving her to rent a costume and wig, I rushed to the motel to make the other arrangements. My brother arrived just half and hour before the party straight from his plumbing job and he really raised a stink in his dirty overalls and grease and dirt streaked body. But now there was no time for him to change. Leaving him in-charge of arranging food and drinks, I drove his mini-van to pick the oldies. There were only three of them waiting for my brother in my father's house as arranged - my father, looking fit and athletic despite his 55 years of age; his best buddy 60-year-old Kishore - wearing his trademark baggy pants and white shirt and his black skin shining like it had been polished with wax; 70-year-old Rudra, another of my father's friend who is rather fat and ugly - he works in a tannery so he was stinking much more than by brother.

Anyway, we reached the motel. My brother had miraculously arranged everything (except cleaning himself). We got the three main guests seated and once two rounds of drinks had been served, my brother changed the music to a sexy Latin beat and announced, "And now...in the honor of the groom, I present to you, Judy...and her thunder thighs...Judy? Judy?" Oh gosh, in all the hurrying about, I had completely forgotten that I had not told my brother about my wife being the replacement. But before I could even murmur anything, I looked at "Judy" and was dumbstruck. Even if my wife's own father was here, he would have been fooled. My sexy wife was wearing a short red leather skirt (so short that I thought I could even see some of her pussy hair sticking out) and a bright red top with a knot at the back so tight that if she breathed hard, her boobs would spill out. She fuck-me pumps were killing the hard on I had suddenly got as was the slutty red lipstick she was sprouting. The lifesaver was the red wig she was wearing which changed her from her decent pure, faithful wife looks.

My brother whispered in my ears, "Good choice bro...but I think she is new...she has already gobbled down like a full bottle of wine in nervousness." Oh gosh, this was bad news because once my wife is drunk, she can get very uninhibited. 

She stepped in and the three fuddy duddies (if you can discount my virile brother who was as excited as a 10-year-old boy with his fast car toy) were clapping about and cheering my pretty wife disguised as a stripper. Soon she was gyrating to the music and shaking her booty like she was a professional stripper. She even circled around the oldies...and the three (I couldn't believe even my father was doing it) oldies started pinching her bottom or groping her tits each time she passed them. Once when she was shaking her big fat tits in Rudra's face, the old fart opened the knot at the back, and sure enough the whole garment came off, and so did the twine beauties of my wife. Actually, the creamy white boobs looked relieved that they were finally out of their confinement. My wife must have been aroused because her nipples were erect and sticking out - just a baby boy's penis. They were rock hard and my father extended his big calloused hand to tweak his own daughter-in-law's hard nipples. I saw a wave of pleasure passed over my wife's face as she moved to my father and shook her breasts in his face. I saw my father's old tongue flicked out and licked my wife's nipple briefly.

"Drink some fresh milk, Shanta," Kishore and Rudra chimed to encourage my father, who got bold and grasped my wife's big breasts and started sucking on them like a baby. I was slowly dying because I knew once my wife's nipples were sucked, she starts craving for a cock like a mad woman - like a cow in heat. Sure enough, within two minutes of getting her nipples sucked, she offered her other breast to Kishore who started sucking the fleshy fruit like breast earnestly. So there was my wife dressed as a stripper entertaining her own father-in-law and his old smelly and horny friends while I - her husband - watched helplessly. My brother was not as helpless as he got turned on by my wife. He moved ahead and started grinding his bulging crotch in my wife's sticking out ass. Rudra joined him too and they alternated in dry fucking my sweet wife. My wife was so drunk and so horny that she didn't care that she was only ACTING as a stripper. She pushed everyone away and started a gentle gyrating sway like a slut. Slowly she twisted her ass down and then moved up again to the tune. Then, in a flash, she pulled the skirt off and flung it in my father's face. Now she was there clad only in sexy lacy underwear.

My brother, big and strong as he is, plucked her up from her waist and planted her on my father's lap. He pulled her down from her shoulders and intentionally ground her crotch on my father's crotch. "Fuck her pussy, fuck her pussy," chimed Kishore and Rudra - completely drunk and forgetting any kind of civil behavior. My father was like a breeding bull and my wife was like a cow in heat...I really don't know how he managed, but while my brother was grinding my wife's pussy on his crotch, he somehow managed to pull his cock out and in all that motion, his cock jammed in my wife's hairy pussy from the side parting of her panty. Suddenly, she stopped short; as she must have felt my father's ageing cock enter her chaste pussy. A dreamy daze filled her eyes and she looked at me and away. She pushed my brother away and pulled her up. My eyes rolled as I saw the never-ending cock of my father. My father is slightly dark, but his cock was jet black and fatter than my wrist and it must have been, it was, at least 10-inches long...My wife got up and let the cock quiver in air before descending back and sliding on that rampant rod slick with my father's precum and her own pussy juices. My wife rode my father's black meat rod like she was born to do so. Kishore, too, horny at such an erotic sight, pulled out his own cock a perfect match for my father's cock. He moved in front of my wife and waved his still soft cock in front of my wife's mouth. Her eyes were closed from the pleasure of being fucked by my father's fat pussy-beater, and her mouth was parted slightly. Kishore aimed at her parted mouth and slowly, pinching the root of his cock to increase the hardness, entered the puckered mouth of his uncut black meat in my wife's parted mouth. This jolted my wife out of her fucking reverie and she was shocked, truly shocked as she never sucks me, at the meaty intrusion of her mouth. Either Kishore's cock tasted musky and tasty or she was too gone too notice anything, but my wife sucked Kishore's cock like she had been sock starved for years. Rudra stood by jerking his smelly brown uncut cock every now and then touching its foreskinned tip with my wife's hard nipples. A stream of sticky precum made rivulets all over my wife's creamy white breasts as the three smelly old men - including my own father who was going to get married in three days - fucked her like virile breeding bulls.

My father came first. And he came straight inside his own daughter-in-laws fertile pussy. Once he had wiped the last of his spooze on her hairy pussy, Kishore pulled her onto his own black meat. He fucked her like she was his first love - gentle and slow. When she started fucked her, Rudra offered his smelly leaking cock in her mouth, she accepted the fat salami of a tannery-workers cock and sucked it despite the strong leathery smell. Rudra came fast and coated my wife's mouth with his gooey, sticky white cum. I hadn't noticed before, and by the time I did it was too late for my brother, having discarded his dirty overalls, was holding his massive meaty cock (I must be the smallest dick in the family) just behind Rudra. 

Once Rudra moved out of his way, my brother pulled my wife off Kishore's lap and lay down on the floor. He made Kishore uncle lie down in such a way that his and Kishore uncle's cock were aligned together. If you held their two cocks together, you would have an awesome girth of at least nine fat inches...but my brother was hell bent on ruining my wife's petite pussy. My wife meanwhile was glugging alcohol straight from a whiskey bottle - I am glad she did that otherwise it would have been too difficult to take the double penetration that was being prepared for her. As soon as she had finished the half bottle, my brother pulled her down. He held her up by her thighs (I told you he's real strong) and as Kishore uncle held their two cocks together, my brother slowly released my wife on their double darts (some fat and long black darts). My wife slid down slowly but helped some by the lubrication provided by my father's cum deposit previously and some by gravity. In seconds, she her extremely stretched pussy was grounding on Kishore uncle and my brother's pubic hair. After giving her a few minutes to adjust to the size, my brother lifted her up again and left her to slide down by herself.  He repeated this style of fucking till, Kishore uncle couldn't take it anymore and shot his thick old smelly cum all over my brother's cock and inside my wife's pussy. My brother pushed Kishore uncle's cum deep inside my wife's pussy by his blunt-ended thick cock but the heat of Kishore uncle's scalding hot cock cream and my wife's moist pussy must have egged my brother's sperms and he too soon blasted his nuts mixing it all together with my father and Kishore uncle's cum. 

It had already been like three hours of party and all the old men were really fatigued so my brother - after they had all made themselves presentable - drove them to their respective home leaving me to settle the motel account. I went to the reception to clear the bill and drove my car right up front to help my wife get in. When I went to get my wife from the room, I was horrified to find two old janitors helping themselves with my wife's holes. One smelly cleaner was filling my wife's flooded pussy with his gnarled old black cock and the other one had pushed his uncut Mexican cock in my wife's mouth. My wife was just simply lying down servicing their cocks. Once they were done they wiped their dirty cocks on her face and hair and left. When I bent down to thank my wife, she French-kissed me, I could taste some smelly tangy bitter-sweet cum left by the Spanish cleaners. Then slowly my wife pushed my head down to her cream filled pussy and said, "Better clean it up...and who else to do it but you since it was your idea and since it was your family who messed my pussy up."

I was happily slurping on sperm from her freshly fucked pussy when my brother came back to help. His mouth hung open when he saw "Judy" without the wig and when he realized it was my wife. But then it only lasted a minute, the next minute he pulled his overalls down and pushing me away plunged his rock hard fat, blunt-headed cock in my wife's pussy again. "Now that she has already tasted it, I plan to get it more regularly, do you mind, you fucking cum-drinking faggot?"

As an answer, I simply bent down and slurped on my wife's pussy as my brother fucked her with his meaty cock.

The End.
