CHAPTER 6: Misa

As Misa listened to the muffled rumble of voices at the end of the hallway, she knew that regardless of what the task force members were saying or what they might do, she'd already outsmarted them. Light thought she was stupid, she could tell. He'd always thought that way, even though she'd come up with a genius plan years ago to find him in the first place.

Just one phase of that plan had gone badly, and it hadn't really been her fault. Those Kira videos had proved traceable to her because of pollen, hairs and ink on the envelopes, but she had kept her fingerprints off of them and had almost pulled off that stunt without a hitch.

And then, months later, she'd helped the Higuchi plan go smoothly too, even risking her life in the process. No, Light should have had more appreciation for her, and he would. She would earn it by being brave and smart, rescuing him without getting caught, proving once again that neither of them could possibly be Kira. She'd show him just how essential and useful she really was, and then he'd really love her, the way she wanted, and he would never, ever dream of leaving her.

If anyone was stupid, it was the Kira task force. Those idiots had been tricked thoroughly by two Kiras for years. L's death should have been suspicious, the way he died exactly when he was the only one still suspecting Light and herself, and furthermore he'd died just before trying to test a rule that, if it failed, would make both of them prime suspects again.

Misa almost couldn't believe there was no real suspicion after that. She kept waiting for the trap to spring, for the entire task force to suddenly swoop in and arrest them, or at least for them to kick Light off the team because it was too unprofessional for a former Kira suspect to lead the mission to catch Kira, but none of those things ever happened.

Those idiots just kept following the endless stupid leads Light created to keep them busy, often things as inane as keeping track of gossip on Kira websites, while Ryuk cavorted around them invisibly, making faces to try to provoke Misa into laughing at odd moments, and both Kiras killed in secret every night in the very same apartment that was used as the Kira investigation headquarters during the day.

Yes, what a bunch of stooges! There was Soichiro, Kira's father who always wanted to believe in his innocence. Then there was Matsuda, the idiot goofball who idolized Light and was a huge Misa-Misa fan. And there was Mogi, who never said much and basically did whatever he was told. He was mainly a paperwork guy, and didn't seem to think much.

The only ones who had any thinking capacity at all were Aizawa and Ide, and luckily both of them shared the same attitude toward the real L, namely that he was an overrated weirdo with terrible methods of investigation. Neither of them wanted to give much credence to L's old, discredited theories.

If only L had managed to put enough truly smart people on his team, if he'd managed to stock it heavily with L-supporters and brought the weight of opinion to his own side, he might have won. Well, there was Aiber and Wedy, but that was a case of too little, too late, and Light killed them before either got too suspicious. Yet even that didn't tip off the task force. The process was almost too easy. Kill off the smart people, and keep the stupid ones. Simple.

As Misa heard the tone of the voices down the hallway rise, becoming more excited and argumentative-sounding even though the words were still indistinct, she was almost sure of their next step. They would search everywhere for a death note, and they would arrest her, keeping her where she couldn't possibly write, where they would see everything she did.

Well, Light had taught her expertly. It was possible to get through that kind of thing. As long as they couldn't find a death note or a scrap of one anywhere and the Kira killings continued even while you were confined, you were completely safe, and furthermore you came out of the experience even cleaner than before, your innocence proven beyond a doubt.

They didn't know anything about the ownership deal, and they didn't even suspect there were three death notes in the human world: Ryuk's extra one, and both the ones Rem had possessed before she'd died. L, the real L, had never even suggested more than two. He'd talked about how there must be two death notes in front of Light and the task force in the days before his death. And, as Light said, people usually went along with what they'd already been led to believe.

With three death notes, it was easy to set up almost any scenario you wanted. Misa remembered the plans Light had discussed with her for what to do if certain things went wrong and he was arrested. He'd never discussed being kidnapped by criminals, but the same principles obviously applied.

Yes, Misa had buried her own death note in a place where they'd never find it, and she'd sent the other death note to a fanatical Kira supporter, Teru Mikami, along with a letter describing what to do and threatening to kill him if he didn't obey, since she knew his face and name but he didn't know hers.

Light had previously discussed a plan very much like this and it was so genius it was sure to fool the task force. She even had Ryuk taken care of. Light had long ago trained Ryuk to roam further afield into other people's houses to look for apples when he was in need and it was inconvenient to let him have one. Ryuk's addiction wouldn't give her away. They'd never be monitoring fruit in all buildings near wherever they decided to imprison her.

As far as sending the Kira videos threatening Light's captors, that was the worst part of the plan, the most suspicious thing she could do, but Misa knew there was really no choice about the matter. She had to save Light. Doing it this way was better than letting the task force trade away Higuchi's old death note for Light's return.

Those criminals, if they had any brains at all, would probably write down Light's name the moment they obtained a death note. Why truly let your hostages go in such a situation, when you could instead control them to not betray you with the added bonus of killing them from afar?

The criminals would kill the task force too, or as many as they knew the identities of. Anyone with an ounce of sense would do that. Otherwise, the criminals would be ceaselessly hunted down by an organization built for the purpose of figuring out who had death notes. No, her plan was the only thing she could do, the only choice, the only way to save Light.

Then, the voices suddenly stopped, and she heard many feet coming down the hallway for her. She put on her actress face, saturated with sweetness and charm. She could play the oblivious girl who didn't think at all. She'd been doing it for years; it was flawless by now, a perfect mask that everyone loved. Everyone except for Light.

Well, after this, it would be different. He'd be enthusiastic, pleased, impressed. Light would acknowledge her as a resource that should be treasured.

And then, the men were all there, lining up in front of the couch where she sat, grave looks on their faces. She knew what was coming next.

Soichiro opened his mouth, closed it, swallowed loudly and then said, "Misa, you must realize how this looks. Light was kidnapped by criminals and then, when you find out, the second Kira makes a video saying the first Kira was kidnapped by criminals. It's too much of a coincidence. We're going to search everywhere, including in your private things. We'll even need to pull apart the furniture and look inside the walls. And, we'll need to put you in a holding cell."

Misa said, "That's fine, because I know I'm not Kira. Misa will just do whatever you say."

There were looks of doubt exchanged between all the men. Her confidence had confused them.

Misa said, "Look, we know Kira tried to frame Light years ago, when all the clues seemed to point at him for a while, so maybe it's the same thing again. Or, if these criminals want to gain Kira's power, it makes sense they would want Higuchi's notebook and Kira too, and they'd make both moves at the same time. They'd want to force Kira to say where the other notebook is. I'm sure Light will tell you all the same things when he returns. He'll get to the bottom of it and find out what happened. Until then, I'll just let you do whatever you need to."

Aizawa cleared his throat and then said, "What about the 13-day rule? If the criminals have Sayu, Light and Kira, then Kira will die if they don't let him go before Kira's time runs out."

"Well," Misa said, "don't you guys want Kira to die anyway? If the criminals let Kira go soon enough, then the world gets a long break from the murders, and if they don't, then Kira dies and only the second Kira is left, so doesn't that make things easier either way?"

Matsuda said, "If both Kiras stop killing people for a whole year, how will we ever find them?"

Soichiro said, "Matsuda! These are people's lives we're talking about. Even if it delays the process of catching Kira, it would be wonderful if the murders stopped for so long."

Matsuda said, "Sorry!"

Misa gazed sweetly at Aizawa and Ide, studying their faces. These were the only ones with real brains, and they both looked terribly suspicious. Well, soon they'd lock her up and as the killings continued with no pause, their suspicions would die out day by day until nothing was left, until she was completely clean and innocent again.

Misa held out both wrists stiffly in front of herself and said, "Do you want to handcuff me? I'd like to start this as soon as possible. Let's not waste time."

After a glance at Aizawa, Ide came forward and handcuffed her, next slipping a blindfold over her face.

In a take-no-shit kind of tone, Ide said, "You're not allowed to know where we're taking you. We're not as cruel as the former L, so you'll be loose in your cell, not in a straightjacket and strapped to a metal frame. It will be small but comfortable."

Misa smiled and let him lead her away.

A/N (Author's Note):

Well, now we know what has been happening at headquarters. Misa's incredibly stupid move wasn't quite as stupid as it first seemed to be. She knew the consequences, but her dedication to preserving Light's life at any cost won out, and with a modified version of one of his plans, she is sure that what she's doing isn't too damaging, at least not in the long run.

Though Light will probably see it as an idiot move when he gets back.

Oh, and with what Misa has done here, Mikami hasn't gained ownership of a death note, he's merely borrowing one, since the owner (Light) never gave up ownership of it. Of course, if he kept it in his possession long enough, or if Light died...