The Shower Incident
by jastes22 
.
The Shower Incident (Part 6) - The boys decide on the next phase of Susan's humiliation, and they take a ride. 

Fair warning, this part gets a bit intense.

“I’ve got an idea,” Sam said.

I didn’t like that tone. Whatever it was, it couldn’t be good.

“There’s a party going on at Greg’s place, another one of Susan’s exes. I was going to invite her right when she called...” He paused, and I could imagine him taking a moment to look at all of me, from my bare back to my butt, then to the tips of my toes. “...but I don’t think she’ll need an invitation.”

The boys were silent as what Sam was suggesting sunk in.

“I like it,” Alex said.

“Wait,” I said, my throat suddenly very dry, and my heart rate quickened. It felt like it was going to burst through my bare chest. “You said you wouldn’t embarrass me publicly if I played along.”

“I didn’t say that. What I did say was I wouldn’t put those pictures on the front page of the school’s newspaper. What people do at that party is up to them.”

“That’s not—”

“Shut it.” Someone—I'm assuming Alex—slapped my butt cheeks, hard. I squealed, the pain almost too much. I fell silent.

“Good girl.”

“Tell you what, Suzie. We’re going to go to that party, but we’ll tie you up and put a bag over your head so people won’t know who you are. How does that sound?”

How does that sound? I thought incredulously. What kind of a deal was that?

I realized, however, that I wasn’t in a position to negotiate anything better. Besides, maintaining some form of anonymity was the only way I was going to keep any shred of dignity. And I knew that if I tried to argue, Darryl would just change the conditions and make it worse.

“I...I guess that sounds good.”

“Great,” Darryl said. Even though I couldn’t see it, I could imagine the grin on his face. “Alex, go into her room and grab a black pillowcase, and some shoestring.”

I heard footsteps behind me go into the hallway and presumably towards my room.

“What’s with the panties?” Sam asked when Alex returned.

“I thought we should gag her. You know, in case she tries to ask for help.”

“Good idea.”

“What? No!”

The thought of being gagged was terrifying. With my limbs rendered useless, my words were the only thing I had to protect myself. I would be completely and totally helpless.

“Please don’t, I just—hmmffh!” Hands grabbed my hair, pulled my head back, and shoved blue-yellow panties into my mouth. Pressure. The hands released me. My panties were snugly tied around my head, completely stripping my ability to speak.

Next, the pillowcase, followed quickly by the shoestring wrapped around my neck. It was tied snugly enough that I couldn’t just throw it off with my head, but not so tight as to cut off my air flow.

“I’ve got another idea,” Sam said.

Great. What was it now?

“Make her wear her shoes.”

“Mmff!” was all I could say. Sam knew I had a thing about wearing shoes without clothes. I felt sooo naked with them on and nothing else.

After a minute, I felt shoes being pulled on over my wet feet. I whimpered, desperately wanting to do anything to cover myself. I would’ve done anything, but, of course, my ability to negotiate at all was gone.

I felt my hands freed from the handcuffs. I thought about trying to run, but it was pointless. I was blind and surrounded by the boys. Where would I even go? Run out into the streets in the nude?

Any hope for an escape was quashed when I felt handcuffs wrapped around my wrists again, behind my back. The second pair of handcuffs went around my shins. I couldn’t run, I couldn’t use my hands, I couldn’t do anything.

Hands wrapped around my midsection and I was slung across someone’s shoulder. I began to suspect why Darryl permitted the bag. Yes, it protected my identity, but it also cut my visibility by 95%.

I heard a door open, and we were outside. The air was much colder than I remembered it being that morning. Whoever was holding me shifted me on his shoulder like a bag of rice I could hear cars going up and down the street next to the university, and I started to panic. Could people see me from their cars? My humiliation was becoming more real by the second. Inside my bathroom was one thing, but now I was out in public.

More walking. A car door opening.

“I’ll drive,” Sam said. “Get in.”

I heard the other two scramble in.

Sam grabbed my head and pushed me down into the car like a policeman.

I was stretched across the entirety of the back seat with my front facing up. I realized that was lying on the laps of Darryl and Alex, and I could feel both of their erections through their pants. My shoes dangled over someone’s lap.

“Wait,” Darryl said. “Sam, get a picture of her like this.”

“Hmmf!”

I heard him get out and open the back door. I could have raised my legs or done something to cover my legs, but I couldn’t find the will to do anything except to simply lay there and surrender to the fact that there was nothing I could do to stop him.

*Click*

As the car started, Alex and Darryl began to touch my body with their hands with abandon. Not just my breasts and pussy, but my stomach, sides, legs, and neck, too. I realized that after my very intimate spanking and with me being completely bound and even blindfolded, they had no qualms with completely exploring every inch of my body.

Occasionally, one of them would reach underneath me and pinch my butt, eliciting a groan of pain and pleasure. I wasn’t going to be able to sit for days. Fingers would glide up my chest, tug at my sternum, and then creep through the cleavage between my breasts. A few times, even, one of them slapped the side of one of my breasts, laughing at how it jiggled.

I would writhe every time one of them came close to my pussy. Upon discovering this, Alex made sure to focus his efforts primarily on my lower regions, though he and Darryl never penetrated me. Several times he would grab my leg and spread it to touch the crease between my leg and pubic mound. He even tugged on the hair near my privates, a move he knew I enjoyed. It took everything not to screech at his touch. After only a couple of minutes, I was having a hard time breathing, each assault taking the wind out of me.

After what felt like an eternity—a whole ten minutes of groping—the car stopped, and the engine turned off.

“We’re here,” Sam said. “Let’s party.”

Holy crap.


The Shower Incident (Part 7) - The boys bring Susan to the party, and her humiliation is completed.

Hands grabbed at my shoulders, pulling me partway out of the car before grabbing my waist and pulling me out on my feet.

I could hear people talking and laughing. With the darkness of the night and the pillowcase over my head, I couldn’t see a thing.

I waited for one of them to put me over their shoulders and walk inside. Instead, they started to walk, two of them holding my arms behind my back. I yelped as I was suddenly off-balance. The arms pulled me back on my feet. As they continued walking, I started to jump to keep up, very aware my jiggling tits and butt cheeks.

My shoes plopped on the sidewalk with each bounce, and I was worried about falling flat on my face.

Really? That’s what you’re worried about? How about the fact that you’re about to walk into a freaking party buck-naked? Worried about that at all?

The cold air was replaced with the warm air of a heater, and I could light through my mostly opaque head covering. I was inside.

“Whoa!”

“Dude, she’s naked!”

“Who is that?”

I blushed, suddenly somewhat grateful for the covering. This was a thousand times worse than anything the boys could do to me in the bathroom. I imagined cameras and videos going off and capturing this moment for years. I imagined my faceless body plastered across the college campus. I should have just let Darryl put the pictures in the school newspaper. Which, I realized, he might still do.

“Come on,” Darryl said, grabbing me and pulling me forward. “Let’s get you that attention you always wanted.”

He pulled me about 50 feet through a hallway and into what I was pretty sure was a large center room. The room was dead quiet, but I could hear the pattering of more people coming to gather around me, like a mob gathering to witness a public execution.

Darryl lifted me up onto something about a foot off the ground. A coffee table?

“Kneel.”

I began to, but not being able to shift my feet or use my hands for balance was difficult. Darryl, seeing my predicament, grabbed me, lifted me up again and folded my legs underneath me, and then deposited me like a stuffed bear. His price for his assistance was a slap to the butt. I moaned without thinking. Realizing that I had just done in front of everyone made me blush underneath the pillowcase.

“Sit up,” Darryl said.

I straightened my back and realized how much of my pussy I was exposing, completely stretched out by my position. With my butt on my shoes, it gave me like a half-centimeter of height. Not much, but enough to make me feel even more exposed, and the feel of rubber on my bare butt only served to emphasize my nakedness.

I could imagine a hundred cameras going off and immortalizing my body. I realized that it didn’t matter what Darryl’s threats were. My pictures may as well be plastered all over campus with the amount of public exposure I was experiencing. The only thing that protected me was the black pillowcase and some shoestring.

“Would anyone like to come up and touch her?”

What? The boys touching me was one thing, but total strangers that I couldn’t even see?

Hands pushed and poked against my stomach and breasts with no finesse or consideration, and I moaned against my gag. Someone started touching my butt, giving me a few slaps and laughing at my squeals. At one point, I counted what I thought were five or six hands on me. The extra height of the coffee table combined with my kneeling made it much easier for others to touch me in places that I wasn’t used to, like the top of my rib cage or my collarbone. Someone was groping my breast while at the same tome someone was stroking their fingers through my hair.

“Look how wet she is!” It was a girl’s voice. It sounded familiar. I realized with horror that it was Lily on the soccer team. She was one of my best friends, and I couldn’t bear the thought of her seeing me like this. Again, I held to the assurance that the pillowcase held only by shoestring protected me from ultimate humiliation.

“Alright, time to step this up,” Darryl said. His hand touched my stomach, his whole hand flatted on my skin. I shuddered as he slid his hand down like a snake. I screamed into my gag as he inserted a finger into my pussy, pushing further and further with greater penetration than I had ever experienced.

I nearly fell off the coffee table as the orgasm overtook me. I shook violently, groaning and moaning with any thought of who was watching.

Hands grabbed me and laid me on my side, my pussy facing towards the onlooker. My orgasm climaxed, and I heard people gasp as I felt cum squirt out of me and drip onto the table.

“Ew,” I heard someone say. I realized it was Lily. “I can’t believe she did that.”

“You want to see it again?” Darryl asked.

Quiet affirmations from the group.

Oh, crap. Please no.

The pressure on my wrists released. My hands were free. Immediately, My hands flew to cover myself, one over my breasts and the other over my crotch.

“No, no covering,” Darryl said. He pulled my arms to the side. “Go on,” he said. “Masturbate in front of all of your fans.”

What? Cum three times in an hour and a half? There was no way.

That was Darryl’s plan, I realized. Make me so dry I would have to spend several long, humiliating minutes touching myself in front of everyone.

I wanted desperately to end this horrible night.

I spread my legs—giving quite a view to my audience, I’m sure—and plunged my fingers into my pussy while stroking my tits with the other. Immediately, the urge to cum returned. Crap, what was wrong with me? I’ve never cummed so often in such a short amount of time. Was I really so turned on by this? A normal person wouldn’t be able to cum so fast after what had just happened. And I was doing it in front of literally everyone!

It’s okay, I thought, trying to hold on to even the smallest shred of hope. No one knew it was me.

“Come on!” someone shouted.

“We’re waiting for you to squirt!”

“Slut! Whore!”

I continued stroking myself without abandon, trying anything to get myself to orgasm while groaning and moaning the entire time. A minute passed. Two minutes. Three. I could feel it, right on the edge, but the dam had yet to burst.

“Looks like she’s having some trouble,” Darryl said. “Here, let me help.”

He pulled my hand away from my pussy. I resisted. I was too far. I had to finish, no matter how humiliating it was.

A pause. I felt Darryl kneel down and lean forward.

I felt something wet enter my pussy. Darryl was licking me! I shrieked into my gag as I felt his tongue drag up my slit like sandpaper, flicking inside of me like the forked tongue of a snake. Despite what he told me, I tried to resist the oncoming orgasm, but it was like trying to stop a boulder with a piece of paper. I collapsed in ecstasy as my leg spasmed uncontrollably, screaming into my panty-gag.

In the haze of recovering from the mind-shattering orgasm, I couldn’t think straight I felt the shoestring around my neck loosen. My body was too spent to resist. I had just enough lucidity to scream into my gag, “No!” just as the pillowcase was lifted off my head.

*Click*
