MY Initiation @ 8teen

By: Neha


Hai..This is a true story based on my own travails when I was 18 yrs old
and staying with my parents at Trivandrum. Now, I am 32yrs of age and
stay in Pune with my husband. To start with I am 5'2", 34/28/32, fair
and well sculpted body with enough curves at the right places. When I
was young, I was very much attached to my aunt who is elder to me by
11yrs. She has a figure of 5'5"and figure /color same as me. I grew up
and played in her laps and was very affectionate towards me. I used to
spend much of my childhood with her till she married to a very
good-looking guy who had his own business in another town 150km away (a
remote place). So she used to stay in Trivandrum near to My Engineering
College while her husband used to come during weekends and holidays
only. While in college I used to go to her house sometimes when I had
enough time.

We are from a strict Brahmin family, where boozing, smoking let alone
talking of sex was totally prohibited. Only clean family oriented
serials and films were to be watched and our bodies to be totally
covered with sari or churidaars at the most. I had no boyfriends because
of the strict culture of Brahmanism. Now let me come to the reality. My
aunt was married for about 6yrs by the time I was 17 and had no kids.
One day there was some student's problem (common in Kerala) and college
was suddenly closed indefinitely at 1030am. I had a slight headache and
thought of going to aunt's house, take rest then go to my home, which is
about 15km away. When I reached there I saw the house locked. I heard
some sound from inside. I brushed it off as imagination. After some time
again I heard some sounds (now more clearer). This aroused my
suspicions. I went behind and tried the door, which was also locked.
Then I took the external staircase and climbed up. The terrace door was
closed but not bolted. I tiptoed in and went down cautiously. I was in
for a series of mind shattering shocks, which altered my lifestyle
completely forever. I reached the dining hall, which faces one of the
bedrooms. The scene unfolding in front of me transfixed me to the ground
endlessly. There was my lovely aunt (Radhika) sitting naked in all her
glory sipping from a glass of clear liquid and smoking too. Beside her
was a very smart handsome well-built guy naked and doing the same like
her. They were talking in hush-hush tones.

Soon their glasses and smoking was finished and he began to play with
her lovely breasts, kissing, squeezing, and circling them with his
tongue and fingers. Then he kissed her lips and pushed his tongue inside
her mouth for a very long time. Her eyes were closed soaking in the
pleasure. Her hand meanwhile reached his fat dick, which as rigid as a
tent pole and started playing with it. Both were moaning in pleasure and
making weird noises. Slowly he went down on his knees and encircled her
navel then went down the black mound and kissed there. Radhika just
arched her body outwards and cried out (ahhhh) and clutched his head;
thrust it down with a jerk. He then put his tongue out and stuck it in
to her vaginal hole and began to lick it deep inside. This continued for
ages I presume and my throat went dry. Without removing my eyes from the
explosive scene, I stretched my hands and clutched the water bottle in
lying on the dining table and took in a few gulps. My throat burnt, I
didn't care. Radhika started yelling filthy words in Malayalam (da puri
mone,polayadi mone,patti kazhavari..vegum onnu varthi thada, da
nakki,lick deep inside and fast etc etcc). Then she suddenly jerked her
whole body, clutched his head tightly and screamed breathing heavily and
panting. He was licking more vigorously like a true dog all over her
black mound and in-between thrusting his tongue deep inside.

Then she lay down properly on bed panting with her breasts heaving up
and down beautifully like sea waves in the nearby seashore. He rose up
after some time after licking clean her mounds and lay down beside her
stroking his dick. I meanwhile took another two gulp of the bottle and
slid under the table in fear of being getting caught. He rose cam to the
table fixed two glasses (from the same bottle),took soda from the fridge
pored in to it and went back to her. Both of them were drinking and
smoking. My head began to spin a little and then I realized that I
gulped down some kind of intoxicating liquid and not water. I began to
tremble and shiver. My headache disappeared and my body was starting to
feel very light, comfortable and eased out. Soon she finished her drinks
and started playing with his body hairs which where in abundant all
over. She kissed his nipples and nibbled at them. Slowly she slithered
down and down towards his pennies. He meanwhile lit her another ciggi.
She took his huge balls one by one in her lovely mouth and tried to
swallow them as if it some kind of fruit. Then she inhaled a lot of
smoke from the ciggi and put the pennies in her mouth. I could see her
lips wide stretched to accommodate the banana in her mouth even though
only half of it could go inside.

It must have been around 7 inches and as thick as a robust pazham(the
green peeled banana one gets in kerala). There was slurping sound when
she was sucking at it like children do when they get a lollypop in their
hands. He was catching her hair by one hand and massaging her breasts
with the other shouting all kinds of filthy words (..u bitch, kooti
patti,polayadi mole,vedi ,sharikum oombi tha etc etc). This continued
for some time and then he made her lie down on bed in a 69 position. He
started licking her cunt and she had her mouth full with his cock. She
was moaning now immensely with pleasure while sucking at his cock. He
too was grunting a lot. I could see her mouth was churning out some
while liquid from the corners of her wide-open lips with cock inside and
she was trying to gulp in everything that was inside her mouth. He was
arching his body up and down in her mouth for quiet some time before he
slowed down his actions and started licking her cunt more vigorously.
She started screaming and let go his cock from her mouth clutched his
buttocks and dug her long nails deep inside. She subsided slowly and
became calm like a sea after a storm. Both of them got up and she
niggled back in to her arms and embraced each other tightly, lay down
quietly for some time, took another glass of drinks, smoked and talking,
cooing to each other like love birds. She called him by the name
Raj.(Time was 1pm).

The same game started all over once again with positions being
interchanged once often an d his limp cock coming back to life, with all
kinds of unimaginable filthy words being thrown around, she slithering
like a snake all over, self massaging her own breasts when he is busy
else where on her body, she slurping on his cock and balls, he licking
vigorously at her breasts and cunt. Her body was turning in to a ball of
fire and becoming uncontrollably wild, impatient, twitching, clawing and
biting at his body. Then she suddenly pushed him down, telling enough is
enough and fuck her now itself as she cannot tolerate any further. He
came on top of her, passionately kissed her lips, breasts simultaneously
his cock was exploring the open and inviting vaginal hole by itself
without any guidance like an expert. Slowly he started pushing his
buttocks down on her allowing his cock to enter her slowly. I was
wondering it will be a pain for her and she wouldn't be able to take all
the cock inside her hole but I was surprised as it disappeared
completely inside her after a few thrusts from him and settled neatly
inside her.

She started arching her body and giving upward thrusts, while he had her
breasts inside his mouth, her hands where nailed to his buttocks and
thrusting it down. He was slowly doing his pushups and was step-by-step
gathering speed of a train. I understood that he was driving her slowly
in to frenzy and wanted to whip p a storm inside her from his multi
actions like licking her body, playing with her breasts, tongue fuck her
in her mouth, squeezing her buttocks and simultaneously fingering her
hole around his cock which was inside her going in out like a well oiled
piston. She was moaning yelling all kinds of nonsense, filthy words and
he was also responding with words and grunts. Then they interchanged the
position and she came sat on top of him and guided the missile in to her
bunker in one clean shot. I couldn't tolerate the scene unfolding in
front of me. I was perspiring a lot. Her breasts where bouncing like a
basketball in the court, her body was perspiring a lot, heaving and
arching, sometimes playing with her own breasts while her ass was going
up and down allowing wider access to his cock inside her pussy. She was
coming hard on him slamming down on his cock. He too was not idle. He
was thrusting his ass up I a very synchronized motion meeting her pussy
half way, playing with her breasts etc. After some time they again
reversed the position and acted like real dogs do (doggy position) she
kneeled down and thrust her ass outwards allowing a proper view of her
pussy for anyone behind. He came in behind and rammed his piston in one
go inside her already lusting vagina. I could see lust written all over
her body. My head was spinning and going out of control. He was ramming
deep inside her at a frenetic pace and she yelling out with each thrust.

Then she disentangled herself saying she cannot wait anymore and lie
down on bed. He climbed on her top and guided is cock inside her pussy
once more and started banging her real hard that previously. I couldn't
believe the way he was hitting her hard and violently. She took her legs
upwards for some time then entangled her legs behind his back. She was
calling him to push still harder and do it to her with more speed. Her
nails were deep inside his backside flesh. His hands were clutching her
breasts very tightly. Suddenly she cried out shuddered tossing her heads
to the sides, biting her own lips perspiring a lot, legs went up and
slowly came down wide apart but with knees up. He kept on banging and
then with loud grunt he increased his speed a little more and then
slowed down while she was panting with her breasts heaving in slow waves
like motion. ...And GUESS what???...My head spinned a lot and I
collapsed right at that moment on to the floor.what happened there after
is the next part of my ordeal(a true story based on total truth word by
word from neha, Pune. Contact me at totempole@hotmail.com).


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *6808* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=973>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=973>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=973>

