The Pond Exhibitionist
by jastes22

The Pond Exhibitionist: Part 1

Lily asks her friend to help her go skinny dipping. 

I stood there, looking down at the pond with my flashlight. It was a colder day for spring, but it was still a nice day, and that’s why I chose this to be the day I would finally go skinny dipping.

“Lily?” Porter worked his way down the hill where the pond lay at the bottom. “Is that you?”

I waved him down, feeling my heart skip. I was actually going to do this. The urge to do something like this started to form in my brain years ago, but I was always too scared to actually act on it.

That was, until I told Porter about it. It was supposed to just be a friendly tease, telling him that I’d put on a “show” if he helped me with my English project. He did, and thus I was bound.

But, in a way, this would be helpful. I’d have someone who could help me follow through with it. And I trusted Porter. He was a good guy and would be helpful and respectful about the whole thing.

Porter came down to me, holding a cardboard box. He looked at me up and down and blushed. I knew he was imagining me naked in front of him. His eyes had nearly bugged out when I asked him to help me skinny dip in the town lake.

“What’s the box for?” I asked.

“To hold your clothes so they don’t get dirty while you...” he couldn’t finish the sentence. It was kind of cute, I thought.

I stepped forward and gave him a kiss on the cheek, which made him blush even more furiously. “Thank you,” I said. I took the cardboard box and set it besides me. “Okay, here are the rules. I’m going to take off my clothes in front of you and then put them in this box. Once you agree that I’m naked, I’ll go into the lake for ten minutes. If I come out before the ten minutes, then you get to tie me up and do whatever you want for a day.”

“What?” He asked, taking a step back. “You never told me that I might tie you up. I...”

Again, I thought it cute how flustered he got. Maybe this was why I invited him, because I knew he would get embarrassed, and that would make my own embarrassment a little more manageable.

I shrugged. “It’s motivation so I don’t chicken out. It’s only ten minutes.” And it was for motivation. I hated the feeling of being tied up and helpless. My sisters did it once to me in the woods, leaving me tied up to a tree for a half-hour, and it was the most traumatizing thing in my life.

“What should I pull off first?”

“What?” He blushed again. Gosh, I was having too much fun teasing him. This alone was worth my little dip in the pond, never mind scratching the itch to go skinny dipping.

He coughed, composing himself. “I...I guess your pants.”

I worked quickly, not giving myself time to bail. Belt unbuckled. Zipper down. My breath hitched and my heart thumped against my chest as I hooked my fingers in my waistband and pulled them to my knees. They stopped at my shoes, and I tugged on them to pull them out. I deposited them into the box

“Okay, next your shoes,” Porter said. “Except do it so your back is facing me.”

I blushed. I was super self-conscious about my big butt, and Porter knew it. He was never mean about it or teased me about it, but he knew that it was an embarrassment for me. I guess after my own teasing, I couldn’t exactly blame him.

I turned around and bent over to take off my shoes, wincing how the fabric stretched across my butt, knowing that I was exposing the tops of my legs. My fingers trembled to untie my shoes and pull off my socks, stretching what should have been just a few seconds into what felt like a minute.

“Good. Now stay bent over and pull your panties off.”

He was getting bolder. I reached behind me and grabbed my panties. Pulling down in my position was awkward, so instead I just tugged, hoping that it would be enough. Instead, I heard a rip as my panties tore away, and suddenly my big butt was completely exposed for Porter’s viewing pleasure. Crap. I guess I wasn’t going to be wearing panties after this.

I stayed bent over for what felt like several minutes while Porter admired me. For some reason, I felt like I couldn’t return to standing until Porter said so. I heard him come up beside me to pick up the pants and destroyed panties and put them into the box.

“Okay. Now face me and take off your shirt.”

I did so, turning to face him. I suddenly became aware of the bush of pubic hair on my privates. Crap, I knew I was going to be swimming. Why hadn’t I shaved before this?

Porter didn’t miss that fact, either, his eyes focused on my crotch. “Go ahead,” he said.

I grabbed the hem of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I blushed again, knowing that my small tits, even covered by my bra, was now in view. Small tits and a ig butt. It wasn’t like my whole self-esteem was based on those two things, but it was still embarrassing.

Porter looked at me, clad in only my bra. “Can I... take your bra off?”

He was being respectful, knowing that this was something that I was in charge of, ultimately. But he still wasn’t going to let this huge opportunity pass him by.

I didn’t trust myself to speak, instead just nodding. He stepped forward and grabbed my shoulders to turn me around. His hands fumbled with the strap for a moment before it came undone. I held my breath as he reached around me and tugged on the front of my bra and letting it fall to the ground.

I let out a soft moan as my nakedness was complete. His fingers didn’t retreat, though, his fingers wrapping around my breasts for a moment and squeezing. Not enough to quite be considered fondling, but he definitely made sure to get a good squeeze in before pulling his arm back.

He reached down in front of me, my face in his butt, and deposited the shirt and bra in the box, The entirety of my wardrobe was in that box now.

He grabbed my shoulders again and turned me around, giving me a good look over. I blushed, knowing that my little tits were on full display now with nothing to cover them. It felt odd to be completely naked outside in the middle of the night, an it gave me a little bit of thrill doing something so forbidden.

“You know, Lily...I’ve had a huge crush on you since elementary school,” he said. “So...you can imagine how I’m feeling right now,” he said. He blushed, realizing what he had just confessed. I could definitely see it, too, based on the bulge in his pants.

“Well, I’m glad you’re enjoying it,” I said. And I meant it, too. “Well, start the timer.”

“Not until you get in,” he said.

I nodded. That was fair. I turned around to face the pond, pausing for just a moment. I was really going to do this.

I stepped forward and jumped into the pond.

Holy crap, it was freezing! I hadn’t even thought about how cold the pond would be in the middle of the night. I wrapped my arms around myself while I bobbed in the water. The feeling of the cold water on my bare breasts and privates made my skin tingle with excitement. I floated towards the center of the pond.

It was pitch-black, and I realized I couldn’t see anything. The darkness was suddenly claustrophobic, and suddenly I couldn’t breathe. I kept myself in the water, though, the fear of failing my 10-minute timer enough to keep me in.

Several minutes passed, and I let myself revel in the sensation of being naked in a public pond and just the sheer silence of the night.

“--Someone will hear!” A girl giggled.

I yelped. There were people here! Middle schoolers, it sounded like, just making out by the pond. Boy and a girl.

I started to panic. What if they saw me? What if they took pictures?

I tried to make myself as still and small as possible in the water. I squinted at the shore of the pond. Where was Porter? Wasn’t my ten minutes almost up?

“Hey, I think there’s something in the water!”

Oh, crap crap crap.

I saw something move, a pair of legs, on the shoreline. There was a pause, and suddenly a phone flashlight I turned. I suppressed a squeal and a groan. The light was pointing down, towards the shore. The boy must’ve thought it was just a fish or a shifting rock. Still, if he moved it up just a little, he’d see a naked girl, just floating there.

I held my breath, frozen in fear. It had to have been ten minutes, right? I realized that I never gave a Porter a way to let me know my time was up. Or if he would even tell me.

The light moved towards me. I groaned and plunged my head underneath the water, praying that the inky blackness of the pond would be enough to hide me.

I held myself underwater as long as I could until my lungs felt like they were going to burst. I emerged, breathing heavily. I turned, only to see the flashlight still on, but this time on the side of the pond. They were still investigating the source of the disturbed water.

No, I couldn’t do this anymore. It had to have been more than ten minutes.

I pulled myself to the shore, climbing out. My wet hair stuck to my neck, and my pubic hair clung to my crotch.

Porter was waiting for me at the shore. He probably never lost sight of me, I figured.

“I hope you had fun,” he said. A pause, followed by a grin. “Unfortunately, you only lasted seven minutes, Lily. I think you know what that means.”

I groaned as he reached for my hands and began to tie them together using my discarded panties.


The Pond Exhibitionist: Part 2 - Three Minutes

Lily's failure to skinny dip leads to more embarrassment. 

Porter tied the panties snugly around my hands—not enough to hurt, but snug enough that my hands wouldn’t accidentally come free.

Porter’s eyes fell on my tits. “Looks like you’re enjoying this.”

I blushed. My nipples were hard as ice. “I-it’s just the c-cold water.” At least, that’s what I told myself. I was freezing, and with my skin still dripping with water, the cold air of the night was like sharp knives scraping down my skin.

“Of course,” Porter said. He reached over and pinched my right nipple. I squealed, pulling away from him, but not stepping away. He stepped up to me, pressing his body against my back. His hands wrapped around me and grabbed my small tits with both of his hands. I moaned in pleasure. His hands were warm, and I found that I didn’t want him to stop. I groaned in disappointment as he pulled away.

“D-does my time start now?” I asked. Crap. What did I just say? Was I really going to go through with this? A whole day of being subject to Porter’s whim? He would never hurt me, but it wouldn’t stop him from having some fun, either.

He grinned. “Not quite,” he said, starting to guide me up the slight hill of the pond. In his other hand he held the cardboard box. “You lasted seven minutes, but our deal was for ten. I think you need to make up for those three minutes.”

I gawked at him. Our deal? This whole thing had been my idea! If those kids hadn’t shown up nothing would have happened!

“What do you mean?” was all I could say.

“Forfeits. I get to pick three things to do to you, one for each minute. I’ll even let you suggest what they should be, but it’s my decision. Only after those three forfeits do we start your time.”

My heart sank. How had this gotten so far out of hand?

We approached the kids’ playground in the park. He guided me to the monkey bars. “I’m going to tie your arms to the bars and then I’ll tickle you for five minutes.”

I groaned. “That’s not fair! You know I’m ticklish!”

“Of course, I do,” he said with a big grin. He was enjoying this. Having his childhood crush naked, exposed, and completely at his mercy. “Now beg for it.”

I whimpered, and yet, at the same time, I felt a flutter of excitement. The whole appeal of exhibition, the whole reason I wanted to skinny dip in such a public place, was because of the thrill of being completely vulnerable. As terrifying as being almost caught was, it was still exciting. Porter was just extending my experience.

“Please...”

“Please what?”

“Tickle me. Tickle me mercilessly for five minutes.”

He grinned, obviously pleased at the little addition. I wasn’t even sure why I said it. It just slipped out of my mouth.

He tied my wrists to the bars using my panties and my shirt. He tried to bunch the shirt up so the height from my wrists to the bars was roughly equal, but there was definitely a slight difference, forcing me to stand on my toes. The feeling of an entire leg on display while another was planted on the ground was intoxicating, and I knew the position I was in stretched my privates slightly. With my pubic hair still wet, there was nothing to impair his view.

“Wait...somebody will hear me laughing.” Technically, what he was doing wasn’t anything different than skinny dipping, aside from the absence of water. Despite that, it still felt completely different, like a whole different level of exposure

“Well, then don’t laugh,” he said. Without warning he attacked me, running his fingers up and down my stomach and sides. I lasted maybe two seconds before bursting out screaming and laughing. I tried to breathe, but every ounce of oxygen was bursting out of me like a boxer punching me in the gut. He moved to my chest, squeezing and kneading my smaller breasts.

“Please! Stop!”

My precious words were wasted as he moved to my back, running down my spine. I screeched. There was no way anyone within a mile of us couldn’t hear me. Someone would come to investigate!

“Stop! I-I'll do anything!” I couldn’t let anyone see! The pond at least covered some of me, but out here I was completely exposed. My crotch was burning, and the thought of someone witnessing me crap myself was too embarrassing.

He slowed, but didn’t stop. His hands clenched my big butt and squeezed, letting his fingernails scrape lightly against my skin. “Anything?”

I squealed at the sensation, which turned into a moan. Crap, he knew all my weak spots.“Y-yes! I...I’ll let you watch me take a shower! Please!”

He stopped. I groaned, gasping for breath. One of my hands, the one bound by my panties, had come free in all my thrashing, though it hadn’t even registered with me in the moment. I stretched it across my chest.

“I suppose that will have to do,” he said. I realized that he needed a reason to get me out of the park, or we’d get in trouble and the night would end. I had just given him a reason to not only leave the park, but also to get even more embarrassment out of me. It was a win-win, at least for him.

He untied me, and then picked me up and walked me to his car. He laid the passenger seat as flat as he could and deposited me, completely stretched out on the seat like a trophy. He reached over and buckled me in, the sensation of being completely naked while wearing a seatbelt was so strange and yet so stimulating. I couldn’t convince myself that the wetness in my crotch was only from my dip in the pond anymore.

Despite my embarrassment of being completely naked in Porter’s car, I started to nod off, the physical exertion of swimming and getting tickled catching up to me. I lost track of time and only awoke when we started to pull into my driveway.

“Have a good nap?”

I blushed. I realized that with me sleeping, he could stare and ogle all he wanted without me ever knowing.

He guided me to the master bathroom and helped me into the tub. “Go ahead.”

I bit my lip but didn’t say anything. I turned on the hot water and sighed as the water ran down my body and the steam replaced the smell of the pond on my skin. I felt better now that I was finally warm.

As I reached for the body wash, Porter said, “Face me. I want to see this.”

I groaned.

“Come on,” he said. “This was the deal.”

The deal was to shower in front of him, not model my nude body. Still...that thought wasn’t enough to stop me from turning so my breasts and privates were facing him. I applied the body wash, blushing as I rubbed it across my chest, pelvis, and legs. The feeling of the soapy suds dripping down my cleavage was terrifyingly stimulating. I couldn’t tell, but was I subconsciously taking longer to apply it? Was I being more thorough, just so he’d get a good look? Holy crap, was I enjoying this?

Porter certainly was. “Good. Next, the shampoo, but do it this time with your back towards me.”

I did so and started to apply the shampoo, glad to have my tits and privates turned away, but now my big butt was on full display, and with my fingers in my hair, there was nothing I could do to cover them. The steam was getting heavy now as I stroked my fingers through my hair. I smelled good, but that only served to remind me that I was being watched as I bathed.

I turned off the water and turned to face him. I put my hands on my hips, trying to look confident, but it felt off, not believable at all. “Happy?”

He grinned. “Very. That’s worth one minute. Two more.”

I groaned. “Come on!”

He ignored me. “You know, now that you’ve showered, let’s get that pubic hair off of you. Get on the toilet.”

I whimpered, stepping out of the tub. I was dripping everywhere, but Porter wasn’t going to let me get dry. I pulled myself onto the toilet, pulling my knees up by my head.

Porter approached with shaving cream and a razor in his hands. “Spread your legs and put your hands on your head.”

I spread my knees, giving him complete access to my privates and spreading my pussy wide. I placed my hands on my head, wincing as I realized how exposed I was with my limbs in their various position.

I moaned in pleasure as his hands started to apply the cold cream. His fingers would occasionally “slip” and enter inside me, and my moans increased in intensity. I felt like I was going to fall off my perch. Other times he would press his palm on my crotch to “steady” me, and the pressure and sensation of his fingers on me sent pangs of pleasure through me.

As he started to shave with one hand, the other hand reached up and started to caress my tits, rolling my still-erect nipples with his fingers. Even with the focus on what was between my legs, the position I was in also gave my tits little-to-no cover, and there was nothing I could do. His fingers were soft and careful, and I purred at his touch.

He pulled his arm away, and I gasped at the sensation of being hairless around my crotch. It wasn’t that I never shaved down there, but I felt naked when my privates were bare, even when wearing clothes. So, being naked, hairless, in such a prone position, and right in front of a good friend of mine, I felt the most exposed and ashamed than I ever had before.

Porter, oblivious to my growing embarrassment, stood up and put the razor and cream away. “Wonderful. Down to one minute left. What should I have to do now?”

I coughed, not believing what I was about to say, but knowing that I needed to. “Please...let me release myself.”

He arched an eyebrow. He hadn’t expected that. “Right here?”

I nodded. Anything to let me go. I couldn’t hold it in anymore.

I didn’t wait for him to accept my offer. With my knees still spread and my privates completely exposed, my middle finger slid inside with almost no resistance. I pulled it in and out multiple times, knowing that Porter, who stood right in front of me, could see absolutely everything. I couldn’t think of anything more embarrassing. I was going to crap myself right in front of my friend.

The orgasm took over me quickly, and I shuddered as cum started to squirt out of me. I was grateful he let me do it on the tile floor of the bathroom instead of a carpeted floor or bed. Cum was everywhere, and there was nothing I could do to stop it.

I moaned as the orgasm finally ended, laying my head on the back of the toilet but not attempting to close my legs. I was so embarrassed, and the fact that I had asked to do it myself made it a thousand times worse.

“I think that takes care of your three minutes, Lily. To be honest, I didn’t actually think you’d go through with any of it.”

I groaned. He didn’t actually expect me to do any of it? I could’ve avoided all that embarrassment if I had just been a little more assertive?

“I guess I’ll have to start your day of captivity,” he said. He reached for his phone to set a timer. I felt a moment relief. A day was a long time, but at least there would some end to this in sight.

He wasn’t done, though. “But wait, I’m getting ahead of myself.” He put his phone away. “You said a day tied up. Maybe I’ll have a little more fun with you like this, and then I’ll tie you up so we can get started on your sentence.”

I groaned, feeling myself shudder. Out of dread or excitement, I wasn’t sure.


The Pond Exhibitionist: Part 3

Porter brings Lily to the mall and gives her a choice.

Porter took a step back, just admiring me. If before had been a first-come-first-served buffet, with him taking all of me as much as he could as fast he could, now it was a fancy banquet, taking his sweet time examining and enjoying all of me. He started with my little toes and then worked his way up my legs, appreciating the fact that I had yet to close my sore legs. He then moved up to my arms and chest, settling on my eyes. "You really have a stunning body, Lily."

I whimpered, feeling so vulnerable. One of my hands went to cover my pussy, while the other wrapped around my tits.

"Let's see...what should we do next?" he asked out loud. I could only whimper, and he grinned. The terror that arose in my chest thinking of all the things he could do to me was exciting.

"I know! Let's go shopping!"

"What?" I asked. Go out in public? "But...but it's late!" was all I could think of.

He shrugged. "Don't worry. The mall should be open, still. Plenty of people making midnight runs. Besides, it's not that late. Only about 8:30."

The terror in my chest rose into my throat, choking any words I could say. He reached over and helped me up, giving my tit a pinch. I groaned and leaned on him for support. He used my movement as an excuse to place his hand on my hip and pull me closer to him. I shuddered at the touch of his fingers on my bare side, an action only made possible that I was completely naked.

It was really a smart move, I had to admit. It was late, so not many people were going to be at the mall to completely humiliate me, but enough that people would see me to make me embarrassed and give me that thrill of exhibitionism that I wanted in the pond. In a way, all of this was my own doing because I couldn't go through with my initial attempt at exhibitionism.

He put me in the car in the passenger seat again. I noted that my box of clothes was in the back seat. I had been so terrified in the park I had completely forgotten about it.

Unlike the ride to my home, where I was exhausted from my tickling, I was fully awake now. The terror in my chest grew proportionally to how close we were to the local mall.

We pulled into the parking lot, and the terror reached its max. Was he really going to parade me naked in public? I realized that I could put a stop to this. He implied earlier that if I said anything, He would've stopped. He wasn't going to make me anything I wouldn't be comfortable with. Well...not too uncomfortable. He was just giving me opportunities, but ultimately this was still my experience. I was in control, sort of, though it definitely didn't feel that way.

Porter turned to face me, his hand caressing my knee. "Here's how this is going to work. We are going to take a walk around the mall. You can choose what pieces of clothing you want to wear. However, with each article, you have to do one thing I choose inside."

It was brilliant, really. It was a tradeoff between the length of my embarrassment and how exposed or covered I was during said embarrassment. By setting the terms myself, I was implicitly agreeing to whatever Porter came up with, and couldn't argue with what he came up with. "Umm...I guess I'll wear my bra and panties."

He nodded. I couldn't be sure, but he seemed a little surprised that I was willing to be that daring, to wear only my underwear in such a public place. "Good. They're in the box."

I reached back and rummaged through my clothes for my two pieces of underwear. I slipped them on, sighing a sigh of relief now that I was covered. Still, the fabric felt strange on my skin. And immediately I wanted them off. Crap, was I actually enjoying this?

We got out of the car and started to walk towards the entrance. Porter walked by me, ready to stop me if I got cold feet, but making it clear that he wasn't going to force me inside. My bare feet felt odd on the cold asphalt

The mall was very bright inside, much more so than outside, and suddenly I felt very exposed. This was completely different than being outside in the dark.

Most people didn't notice me at first, but a few made a doubletake when they realized that I was only in my underwear. I blushed and crossed my hands in front of me.

"Lily?"

I yelped. One of my best friends from our high school, Kristen, stood on the other side of the entrance hallway, holding a full shopping bag. She looked me up and down, in shock at seeing me like this. I blushed when I realized that she wasn't appalled or disgusted by my nakedness, but even a little in awe by my audacity.

"Lily lost a challenge," Porter said. "She has to do two things inside the mall, anything I ask."

"Anything?" Kristen asked.

"Yep. In fact, Lily, for your first forfeit, let Kristen tug your bra down and fondle you."

I groaned as Kristen set her bags down and stepped over to me. She unclipped my bra pulled it down. She was between me and anyone else who might be watching, but the feeling of my bare tits exposed to shoppers made me blush even more furiously. She started to squeeze my tits, and I realized that Porter had been relatively soft and considerate when touching me. Lily, on the other hand, squeezed hard, digging her fingers into my breasts. I moaned as she moved behind me and straddled my back so she could get more of a hold on my breasts. Porter held my hands down so I couldn't stop Kristen's treatment.

Not that I could have, anyways. I knew that all my moaning and groaning was attracting attention from others in the mall, but there was nothing I could do about it. Instead, I allowed myself to enjoy the sensation of being so vulnerable and exposed in front of everyone.

Kristen pulled away and tugged my bra back up, but didn't clip it back together. It sagged slightly lower on my breasts so the top of my cleavage could still be seen, and it looked like it could fall off at any moment, but I didn't try to clip it back, instead holding my hands to my chest to keep it from falling.

Instead, Porter started to walk me around the mall, Kristen following. He stopped multiple times to look at things on display or to walk through stores while I waited outside with Kristen, my bra half-on. I realized that he was simply looking for excuses for me to be exposed for even longer.

Finally, we arrived at the food court, a big open area. It was mostly empty, and a few of the stores were closed for the night, but there were still some, and the open area meant others who were simply shopping could see me.

"Alright, Lily. For your last forfeit, stand up on the table. You're going to sing 'Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star' three times," Porter said. I blushed at the thought of calling even more attention to myself singing in the middle of everyone. "Three times?"

Porter nodded. "Yep, and loudly, too, or you'll have to sing more. While you're singing, touch your privates in front of everyone. If you cum before you finish, then you can stop early."

I swallowed and stood on the table. It was clear to Porter that I was too far gone to not do anything he said. I was fully consenting to all of this. I could see people looking at me, and I knew there were several people behind me looking at my big butt, but I didn't stop myself.

"Twinkle, twinkle..." I started to sing. Softly, at first, but it grew louder. My fingers plunged down my panties, digging into my privates. I moaned, unable to continue. I grunted, pushing through the sensation in my pants and continued to sing. "...how I wonder..."

It wasn't happening. I was too dry from my last orgasm only a little bit ago in the bathroom that I was never going to be able to cum here. However, I dug in even harder. Even if I couldn't cum, the pangs of pleasure in my crotch were enough to keep me going, and the fact that I was touching myself in front of all these people made the whole thing even more exciting. I couldn't convince myself that I wasn't enjoying it, anymore.

I finished the song for the first time and started to go into my second. I dug even harder into my privates, searching for anything to pull me over the edge. With my fingers digging into and stretching my panties, I felt them begin to slip. I squeezed my legs together, but it wasn't soon enough to stop my panties from falling completely to the ground. I yelped, stopping mid-verse, and started to reach down to pull them back up. The movement was enough to shake my unclipped bra, barely holding on as it was, and it fell to the ground by my panties.

I squealed, wrapping my arms around myself and falling to the ground in a ball. I turned to look at Porter, who looked just as surprised as I was to see me completely naked. He didn't have to say anything. His eyes made it very clear that I could put my underwear back on and he wouldn't stop me, but he wasn't going to make me, either.

Something about how he looked at me gave me courage. I realized that I couldn't put my clothes back on, that I needed to go through with this.

I stood up and finished the second time. As I started my third time, I could see people looking at me, staring at my chest and privates, and I knew there were more behind me. For the first time, I realized I wasn't embarrassed by my small tits and big butt.

I continued to dig my fingers into my privates, even though I was completely exposed now. Fingering myself while completely naked, in public, brought a whole new level of shame. I stopped singing for a moment, the shame almost stopping me, but I pushed on. As I finished my third sing-through, Porter and Kristen helped me down and Kristen pulled my hand away from my critch. I realized that I was a little disappointed that I hadn't cum.

"Fantastic," Kristen said, stroking my hair while holding my arms. I realized that she thought I was going to try to cover myself, but she didn't need to worry about that. "Let's get going."

They led me back to the car. I could hear Porter explaining to Kristen what had all happened leading up to this point. She would steal glances at me, and despite what had just happened inside, I felt myself blush.

Kristen and I sat in the back while Porter drove. As we got closer, Kristen started to stroke my leg. I purred at the sensation of her touch and leaned into her.

We pulled into my driveway. With everything that had just happened, I had completely forgotten about the fact that I had to be tied up for 24 hours.

"Wait here," Porter said to me and Kristen. "I'm going to grab the rope."

"You're not tying me inside?" I asked.

He grinned, but didn't say anything and disappeared out of the car.

Kristen giggled now that it was just me and her. She reached over and pinched my nipple with one hand while another explored my pussy. I groaned, shuddering with pleasure. Kristen giggled at my reaction. "You're enjoying this, aren't you? Porter's a good friend to help you with this, isn't he?"

"What's this about me?" Porter asked, reappearing in the car. He was holding rope and a bag. A tent?

"Oh, we were just talking about how much Lily is enjoying this, and how she can't wait to see what else you've got planned."

"Glad to hear it."

I opened my mouth to refute what she said, but nothing came out.

We started driving again, this time towards the edge of the town. To the forests, I realized. They were going to tie me up in the forest.

We pulled up into the parking lot of one of the campsites. "Put on your shoes," Porter said. I blushed as I pulled on my socks and shoes, feeling even more naked wearing only my shoes. As we entered the woods, I grimaced at the thought of bugs crawling up and down my skin. Kristen behind us, Porter guided me towards the center of the camp where a large tree stood. He tied my hands to a thick tree limb above me, and tied my stomach snugly to the base of the tree. He stepped back, admiring me with Kristen. "Wow, Lily. I think you've really outdone yourself today."

"Start the timer!" I nearly shouted. I whimpered at how much my voice echoed. Anybody could walk in and see me naked. My body was split. In some ways, this was so much worse than skinny dipping, and I wanted to end it. On the other, I couldn't bear the thought of ending this experience, completely at the mercy of two of my friends.

Porter chuckled. "You're right. Properly tied up now. Let's get those 24 hours started." He pulled out his phone and showed me what was on it.

24:00:00

I groaned as he clicked the start button, and the realization that this experience was going to last at least another full day began to dawn on me.

"Don't worry," Porter said. "We're going to camp out right here so you don't get lonely. Maybe we'll start a campfire. Should be a fun night. I think we could think of a few more things to do."

