 readers! I am Jonathan from Bangalore, here to narrate one of my real experiences with cousin sister Reeta Christine. Before get into the incident, I would like to thank readers who have responded well for my first experience titled incredible fucking with sweet neighbor Nithya. Let us get into my experience with Christine. It was happened in 22 years of my age.
But I was not new to sex as I already had enough with my house owner when i was working in Pune. After coming to Bangalore, I have started to search new company to fulfill my desires but could not able to get any option so forced to have phone-sex with my house owner in Pune. It also stopped after a month when i came to know that she deactivated her old contact number.
After that, I could not even masturbate by thinking her since i felt as she cheated me and she will not be mine no more. After passing some days like this, it was a fine evening on a Sunday. I sat with my parents in our balcony for tea. My mom who started to talk about my cousin sister Christine who just finished her higher secondary education and waiting for engineering council.
Mom was telling to Dad that we may make her to stay in our home if she got seat in any college inside city as her home far away. Till the time of this discussion, i never thought about Christine. But this time, Devil inside me started to imagine lot about her. That day night, my mind started to rewind my last meet with Christine. She must be studying tenth standard that time.
I could not get any further picture of her in my mind except her white complexion, spectacles and slim figure. After a month, I heard from mom that Christine is going to join in Bangalore and planning to come to our Home in with in running week.  Mom asked me to divide my room for Christine and strictly instructed to shift my bed to their bed room to ensure privacy of Christine.
It was a Saturday evening. I was waiting at Bus stand to bring Christine to our Home. I went by our new alto bought that time. I decided to call Christine in her mobile number which mom given while coming. I called 'Hello Christine, Jon here'.  She replied 'Hey Bro. Is it you? I am about to reach. Wait'. Phone line dropped. I thought a minute about Christine.
How bold her voice now when compare past. Her speaking style also looked modern. This increased my interest to see her. Ten minutes later, my phone started to ring. It was Christine. I have lifted call 'Hello Bro! I have reached. Where are you waiting? I replied with a shop identity and car details to come up. Ten minutes later, suddenly a girl opened front side car door and sat inside.
Yes! it is Christine. She asked 'Hey Bro! How are you? Hope you enjoyed lot in Pune. Now back to Bangalore'. She was started the talk elegantly with wide smile. After answering her formal questions, i began to drive my Car towards home. Still, I was in shock by seeing her bold attitude in age of 18. Also I could not fix my eyes on road because of her figure which developed lot in short period.
Flesh put up in right areas and complexion improved lot. She was glowing in her white sleeve less top. Opened thick black hair shows her face more brightly. Contact lens replaced her spectacles. I just thought about the college in which she is going to join. I am damn sure that this doll will drive all men crazy. I could see the stiffness of her tender boobs inside tops. Her bra should have gripped lot to hold those rabbits.
Her thighs were seems shaped better and widened with enough flesh. I felt erectness inside my pant by seeing voluptuous figure of Christine. By the time, we have reached home. As she was tired in travel, we have finished dinner early with her and slept. From the day of arrival, I prefer my all free time to be with Christine and passed time only by seeing her.
As i have to sleep with parents, I started to use bathroom at late nights to masturbate by thinking Christine. Desperately I was looking for the day to take her completely. The day of mine never waited long but come up with a sad incident which is accident of my Dad. The same alto was hit by a truck in a corner of street road. Dad led the car further to hit a wall with sudden acceleration in fear. Though it was not major, my
Dad was asked to be in Hospital at least for ten days due to leg injury. My mom use to stay in hospital to take care. I use to get back with Christine after seeing them and frequently use to visit to take care of their needs. Initial two days I was damn tired because of roaming to handle legal case as it was accident. The third day happened to be on Sunday. When I woke up, it was mom at the door who just leaving to Hospital.
I asked her when she came. She was in hurry but replied 'I came here at 8 am.You were sleeping well. Anyhow, I am already late. I cooked lunch and breakfast for both of you. Please have dinner outside. If you can, come to hospital. Otherwise no problems as you were tired of last two days'. She left after giving enough instructions to me.
After ten minutes, my mind filled up with dreams by thinking Christine. My cock already had its position. But nothing moved in my way throughout the day. All our conversation went very normally through the day. We had dinner at 10 pm after watching TV and about to sleep. Suddenly power went off. I told Christine to be in house as i decided to go outside to inquire the reason of power off.
But she asked me to take her with me as she was afraid of being alone in darkness. I was surprised to know this bold girl is afraid of something. We came to know that it was single line went off in some problem of street transformer. So we least expected the power back in the night. When we returned, Christine seems to be in confusion state. I asked 'Christine! Are you feeling comfortable?
You can tell me if you are facing any problem'. She slowly opened up her voice 'Bro! I am really scared of darkness. Even my parents never leave me to stay alone. I use to go their room and sleep if power gone in midnights'. I was very happy to listen this from Christine. I just nodded head and let her to speak further. She asked whether I am having any problem in sleeping inside of her room.
I thought something is working in my way. I replied 'No problem at all Christine. I will sleep in your room. We both lay on bed. It was simple double bed did not have that much space between us. I was expecting my luck to get her near during her sleep. I was lying on my back and kept my hand inside shorts. I began to massaging my cock slowly as room was fully dark.
I do not know when I slept but it was 12 am in night when I wake up again. I found power came and bedroom lamp was on. I have seen other side of bed. Christine was not there. I could hear the bathroom door opening sound. I was on bed and acted as I was in sleep. She came to bed but this time laid closer to me. I decided to make some move.
I have rolled a bit as I was in sleep and stopped when our bodies touch each other. Though she was awake, she did not try to move from me or tried to move me. With such a positive sign, I have turned towards her as I was doing in deep sleep. She was facing other side of bed so her backside was in front of me. I used my hot breathing air nearby her neck to ignite her body.
I could recognize her slight move. Oh my! I was speechless by her slight move of her ass backside towards my crotch. This is more than enough for me because she is doing all this consciously without sleeping. I thought in my mind how positive this young school girl for male touch. Even i started to think this might be her plan to get me in Bed by saying she was afraid.
After getting her ass mounts both side of my cock it started to gain its maximum erection. Hope this has felt by Christine as my cock touches her ass crack area in erection. She suddenly turned towards me to check whether i was sleeping. I managed to act well like I was in deep sleep. She again took the same position but now came closer further. This has confirmed me that she was horny and even ready to take her brother for night.
As i ignited her body well, I planned to move from her to see her reaction. I just moved from her like I was in sleep and lay on my back by facing wall. There was no movement for five minutes but after that she rolled her body towards me and acted like she is doing this in sleep. I smiled inside me with her clever act. Her hands were fallen on top of my tummy and she boldly moves the palm towards cock.
It was fully hot and erected. There was silence for a minute broken by 'tup' sound. I have opened part of eyes very carefully to check what was going on. I observed her three fourth shorts were down near her knees and bare white skin glowing in dim light above her knees. I could get the reason of sound which is from elastic of shorts when she moved it down. There was some darkness around upper thighs which should be her panty.
Soon there was sound 'tup' again. Obviously it must be her panty. Oh my God- I stunned. She started to rub her pussy slowly by her left hand whereas right hand is on my cock. I was fully ready to make my move. So I moved suddenly towards her and gripped her hands which were rubbing her tender pussy. She was stunned a second and immediately tried to cover her body. She might have thought i was in sleep.
I could recognize his fear by her shivering. She turned towards other side immediately and her back was facing me. I have taken my hand back and felt bad. There was sobbing sound in minute. Christine started to cry. I slowly kept my hand around her flat tummy and hugged tightly. Now she started to cry even louder. I have just pressed my palm gently on her navel area and whispered in her ear 'Christine!
It is ok, leave it easy'. Then I took my hand from her navel and wiped her tears. She immediately turned her body towards me and hugged me tightly. She buried her face in my bare chest. Slowly I lifted my hand towards switches near bed to on the lights. Once lights are on, I could not control by seeing the sight where my young Christine hugged me tightly. When i tried to lift her face, she resisted to move up.
Without lifting further, I kept palm of my right hand above her ass bums and started to massage gently. She slightly lifted her ass and moved closer further. I have lifted her right leg and kept around my hip. This increased my access further and i was kneading her ass crack with my middle finger. She tried further to hold me tight indicates that she was burning inside. I kissed deeply on her forehead. This time, she itself lifted her face up and seen me but did not speak anything.
I slowly kneaded her head and told ' Christine, Don't be afraid. It is natural to excite sexually by attraction of opposite sex. We human beings divided rules and relationships. If you are comfort, I am ready to provide what you want. This will be with us as secret forever. But I will move further only if Christine smiles and speaks boldly as usual'. My last line with smile broken her fear and she manage hardly to smile with tears.
I moved her body from her ass to lift up. She slowly came upwards and now her lips facing mine. Without holding further I continued with rain of kisses all over her face. She started to moan 'aaahhhh mmmm'. She turned crazy and gripped back of my head with her soft hands. She was seeing straightly in my eyes with full of lust and fixed her wide pink lips with mine. Passionate French kissing lasts longer and our bodies moved like snakes.
She moved her hand towards my ass. Her massage over my ass was rough that proven how wild she is. Slowly her hand kneaded my cock where as my hand is busy in her ass crack. I whispered in her ear 'Christine, will you remove your clothes?' She made free herself immediately and started to remove her T-shirt over her head. Oh God, There was black bra inside hardly holding those white rabbits ready to jump. As soon as her T-shirt removed, I helped to get her shorts down.
She was with panty which is also black. Due to wetness of pussy, there was dark black like patch in panty. Soon she tried to remove panty but i asked to stop. She came closer again and hugged. This time it has excited more due to her direct touch of milky skin. I made her to lie on her back and came top of her. I went down and inserted my tongue in her navel. She was moaning like animal 'aahhhaa. Brother. I love you. Take me.
I rolled my tongue vigorously in her navel. I could see my saliva made her navel to shine more and skin over there turned red. She was hitting her head either side of bed with heavy moans 'Brother, Please remove my panty. I cannot hold on. Please'. She was biting lips while moving her head. I lifted her legs and removed her panty swiftly, then thrown it in air. The sight of pussy will make even a monk to cum. My mouth was wet by seeing the young pussy which hair trimmed in triangle shape.
With this kind of look, sudden doubt came in my mind and asked 'Christine! You even cared your pubic area. Means do you had or use to sex before? She lifted her face from bed, gazed at me in anger and said I never had. I use to dream lot so maintained. Is there any problem for you brother? I know she had mistaken me. I apologized 'I am sorry Christine! I have asked simply. I do not have any problem even if you are not virgin.
I am hungry to taste you tonight anyway'. I slowly parted her vertical lips which opened the gate of heaven where pink folders shined in wetness. She held my head and moaned 'Brother, How long will you take to kiss it? She lifted her hip towards my mouth. I have started to roll my tongue over her pussy. Christine started to shout loader 'Oh my god! Tear that hell by your mouth aaahh ahha take it aahh aah lick lick lick ya.
Her rhythm of moans matched perfectly with her rapid moves of body. She added further 'Go wild on your sister brother! I am yours. Take my virginity' I have lifted her legs and kept either side of my shoulders. This makes her to lift her hip upwards and I got enough access. Slowly I began to bite her pussy skin which leads to her orgasm. She was biting her own nipples and hitting my mouth with her pussy like a man who fucks with cock.
She was louder 'aaahhhh, I am on peak. I am cumming. I am cumming aaahh. She screamed and i have seen her squirting like porn movies. She squeezed her pussy and splashed all liquid to fly over my face and air. She uttered 'hmmmm. Aaaahhh brother, even if you kill me now, I will die. Had my pleasure of lifetime'. She was breathing heavily. I was wondering how this soft soul turned like wild animal.
To allow her to take rest, I thought to leave her in bed for some time. But I was very horny and I know I will cum immediately if I fuck her pussy. So I planned to release cum initially in blow job and decided to go for fuck secondly. I lay down beside her and slowly sucked her boobs. It has almost taken half an hour for her to complete her rest but she did not slept as I was playing with her boobs.
She slowly turned her face and said 'I am getting wet again with your play but afraid to take cock inside me I replied her 'Christine, if you like to take in and then go ahead'. She was not happy with my answer and said 'Not like that brother. I am too young and should not have pregnancy know? That too with my elder brother, I laughed at her and told 'my clever sister, I will release cum outside. Will it be ok?
She replied seriously 'Please brother, control yourself when you feel Cumming'. I nodded my head and kissed her lips softly. She responded well enough and whispered in my ear with smile 'Young horniest sexy sister is yours. Take it'. I lifted her face with smile and said 'Christine, our play from start already given enough load to my cock which is holding all cum in tip that is ready to splash.
Will you suck it off'. She almost laughed and told 'Can't you ram in my pussy straight away and cum afterwards? My naughty brother wants to have one more session for taking my virginity'. By saying this, she bent down. I have opened my shorts; it made my dick to hit her face. She holds it in her hand and smiled. She sat on knees and bent over to suck my cock that gave enough view of her boobs. It was more than enough to take me in heaven.
Soon pleasure was on the peak and I moaned aaaahhhh Christine suck it like that aaahhh I gripped her head with both of my ends. She took a pause for breath and asked are you sure? You want to cum? In this gap, my cock started to release his load without control. She laughed at me loudly and said 'Bro, cant you control seconds? I was even not in state to reply her and held my cock to release my further cum.
By seeing this she immediately took in mouth and sucked. I was in heaven and released all of cum in her mouth. We rested for a while in bed. She whispered in ear 'Bro, we are near to morning. Let us finish before your mom comes'. I nodded head and said 'my cock is still sleeping '. She smiled and asked me to stand. She started to suck again by kneeling down. It has started to grow. Immediately I have asked her to stop and lay down.
She was laid in her back and asked me to start. I have taken a pillow and kept below her hips and widened her legs at maximum. Then I came above her and started to rub her pussy lips with my hand. Her closed eyes were opened and asked 'Bro, use your master. I am waiting for that only'. I smiled and slowly pushed my cock inside her pussy. I could see Christine was gripping her teeth.
Without giving much difficulty, I pushed hard once. She screamed loudly 'aaahhhh bro, it's painful. I cannot it was painful to take big cock in 18 yrs of age. I have rested for a minute after inserting fully. Slowly I have started to move inside out and I bent over her fully. Our eyes were met and engaged our lips while my hands were busy in boobs of Christine.
Soon she started to feel pleasure and left my lips to move her head without controlling herself. Heavy moans were came 'Brother aaahhhh I am feeling something inside. It is good aaaaahhh. Hit me like that aaah break me apart. After some minutes, I felt like cumming so taken out my cock suddenly out. It sounded 'Pluck' when tip of cock was out fastly. Christine lifted her head seen this and pleaded 'What happened Brother.
Please put it in please brother. I am near to my climax put it in bro please I could not able to make her understand by saying 'Christine, I also felt like that. So only taken out to give gap'. She held my cock in hand to put it in and screaming 'No problem at all. We will see later. You put it in,  I was shocked and asked 'Are you mad? I may cum inside'. She never listen me and shouting bro I am burning.
Put your cock in and fill. Please, Let your cum fill my pussy. Please. I need that pleasure too'. With pleasure, I let my cock inside that went easily compare to before. Gradually I gained speed and Christine also started to jump upwards. I have started to shoot my cum 'aaaahhhh my dear sister, take this in your sweet tub. Let my semen fill your pot ahh ooo
I came in you and when I about to leave, she put her arms around and hitting pussy towards my cock. I was idle and seeing her face which enjoying all pleasure that God stored in sex. She screamed 'Jon this time she called by name. Soon she yelled 'Jon, let's enjoy my orgasm mmm aah heavy three thrusts with 'Thup, Thup, Thup' were her orgasms. She left me and i fell down above her.
We slept nude. Suddenly heard our doorbell rang. Both shouted 'Oh my God, It is mom'. It took time to open door after dress up. Mom asked me 'What you done? Sleeping like this'. Christine smiled mischievously at me