She looked harassed and ready to snap. Obviously the school holidays: she had two kids and a partner in tow, kids under ten at a guess and squabbling with each other and the partner more interested in his phone than either her or, presumably his, offspring.
I was an incurable people watcher and, from where I was seated in the corner, I'd watched them arrive in the coffee shop. Both in their late twenties; he tall and thin wearing skinny jeans, a tee-shirt and baseball cap, she curvy in a summer dress and denim jacket not unattractive but looking drawn and harassed.
She'd sorted out the table; across the aisle and three up from me, sat the kids down and joined the queue for the coffee all while he'd been to the toilet.
He'd then sat down with his back to me while she was still in the queue, completely ignored the kids and gone straight back on his phone.
A few minutes later she thumped the tray of drinks down, sat opposite him; facing me, and started to bend his ear.
He took absolutely no notice and continued to study his very interesting phone so, after a minute of talking to thin air, she gave up and turned to tackle her bickering children. They eventually settled down and did the next best thing by joining their, me still presuming, father and began studying their equally interesting phones. She swept her eyes across the three of them and looked up in exasperation, her eyes caught mine and I smiled in sympathy, she didn't return the smile just broke eye contact and began on her coffee.
It then turned into one of those occasions that whenever one of us looked up we made eye contact, the third time this happened I again tried the smile and this time she returned it. I looked from her to her companions then back to her and raised an eyebrow, she replied with that look of exasperation.
A little later I heard her talking again and looked across to see her once again berating her other half, once again he was doing a fine job of ignoring her. She began making faces and silently mouthing obscenities at the top of his head, even giving him the v-sign. I found myself grinning, if I'd been anywhere else I'd probably have laughed out loud. She saw me grinning at her and grinned right back. After that every time one of us looked up, the other was looking right back.
I decided to take a chance.
Standing, I walked towards the counter and, passing right behind her, brushed my fingertips across her shoulder catching her hair. Getting to the display I studied the various goodies, a moment later a hand touched my bum. Glancing round, she was standing right next to me. Looking over her shoulder I could see her table, they were all doing what they'd done for the past 20 minutes: looking at their phones. Looking back at her there was a question in her eyes.
I pondered for a second, "Come on."
"Sorry?"
I pointedly looked towards the exit, "Come on."
She blinked, frowned, glanced at her table, "I couldn't, besides, I don't have the time."
"Yes you can and yes you do."
I walked out of the door and turned down the street towards the small smokers area of the pub next door. It was far too early for it to be open and I was taking the chance that the secluded little forecourt would be empty, I was also taking the chance that she would follow me.
Entering the awning covered square it was, as I'd hoped, empty.
Turning in time to see her enter, I took her hand and steered her into the corner and against the end of one of the wooden bench tables. I stepped up against her and kissed her on the mouth. She gasped but kissed me back, no resistance, no hard lips. Her hands went behind my head without hesitation, in a kind of desperation her tongue pushed against my mouth, through my lips, sought out my tongue, twisted and played with it.
Knowing that we indeed didn't have much time I slid my hands down onto her bum and started to pull her dress up until I was holding it bunched in my hands. I pushed one hand down inside her knickers and squeezed her buttocks, she gripped my head and groaned into my mouth.
With no time to be subtle I slid my hand round to her front and pushed down between her legs. My fingers probed through the crinkly bush of hair as she inched her legs apart. Down between her thighs, round underneath then stroked up and down the lips of her pussy with the tip of my index finger. They were thick and rounded, instantly wet. They seemed to part of their own accord, I pushed into the heat, teased up and down the length of her inner lips.
Her hands dropped onto my shoulders, she broke our kiss and dropped her forehead onto my chest, her breathing deepened and she groaned.
I hooked my finger up until I could tease under that little hood of flesh, flicked against the nub of nerve endings. She gasped and gave a little jump.
Stroking around her clit I eased it out from its little hiding place then, shifting my hand slightly, I carefully touched it with the tip of my finger then began to gently tap it, barely touching: starting slowly but, as her grip on my shoulders hardened and the pressure on my chest increased, I steadily increased the speed until I was tapping as fast as I could.
I had her pinned between my hand and the table, my other arm around her back as she began to shake, her stomach to clench, and her knees to collapse as a soft mewling began at the back of her throat.
I held her up, with her face now pressed into my chest, as she went through her orgasm; she was still shaking, struggling to stand and her grip on my shoulders had failed her, but, after a couple of minutes, she regained her breath, and a little control, and sat back on the edge of the table.
"Oh God, how did you do that?" she gasped.
I chuckled, "Haven't finished yet."
I bent and, taking hold of her knees, lifted her legs so that she rolled backwards onto the tabletop then put her ankles on my shoulders,
"Oh god, are you going to....?"
Looking into her eyes, "Yes I am."
She didn't reply, just looked back at me.
I pulled her knickers up her legs and over her shoes, then stuffed them into my pocket.
Holding her legs in place I reached down and unzipped my trousers, then pushed them and my boxers down.
She felt my cock slap against her bum, looked down then back up.
I take hold of her thighs; shift and let my cock rest between her legs, slide it along the length of her, she looks down between her thighs, bites her lip.
I pull back, let the head drop, reach under her leg and take hold of it, rub the tip up and down her slit, tease her for a second; feel the brush of coarse hair against the sensitive skin of my cock-head, the moist heat of her pussy.
Push in, tiny bit of resistance then my cock slides into her.
She gasps and grabs the edges of the table with both hands.
Gently rocking, bit by bit I feed my cock into her pussy. Bit by bit my flesh disappears into hers until my hips come up against her bum. I pull her against me, pause......then start fucking her.
She's really gripping the edges of the table with her head back, mouth wide open grunting each time my hips smack against her bum.
A long steady rhythm of thrusting into her, of my cock penetrating her body, shifting the angle, rubbing the head of my cock along the walls of her pussy. Pulling out as far as I can, pushing all the way in, just touching her cervix before I pull back.
Sensations building in my body, tingling, need to slow down.
Push her thighs back, lean forward and put my hands on the table under her arms, lean into her, grind my cock into her pussy, short jabbing thrusts, rub my pubic bone against her clit. She's biting her lip again, a frown across her forehead, growling. My thighs are wet with her juices, can feel the walls of her pussy beginning to swell, gripping my cock, feel every part of her, her smooth soft thighs against my chest, the coarse hairs against my cock and balls, the soft liquid grip from the walls of her pussy around the length of my cock, the hard wall of her cervix. Sensations building again, not stopping this time, I'm ready, I can tell she's ready. Start to mix it up, short jabs, twisting and grinding, long thrusts, giving her everything.
She starts to mutter to herself, "ohgodohgodohgod."
Suddenly she lets go of the table and grabs my shoulders, arches her neck, her mouth opens and she grabs her breath letting out a silent cry.
And in a rush I cum, a long pulsing jet, another thrust and another pulse, one after the other hot jets of cum pump into her until there's nothing left and they begin to subside. Until my own shivering orgasm begins to pass.
As her grip on my shoulders begins to relax I push myself upright, my spent cock slips from her. She rolls sideways into a ball, shivers and, in a quivering voice, emits a long,"Ohhhhhhhh."
I drag my shorts up and drop onto the bench seat next to her head. She's got her eyes closed with a smile on her face.
"You OK?"
"Fuck but I needed that!" was her answer.
I chuckled, "Always happy to be of service."
She opened her eyes and sighed, "Well you certainly did that. If you don't mind me asking, how old are you?"
Laughing, "61, Why?"
"Dunno, just......dunno."
She shivered again, "Gotta go." She didn't move, lay there smiling, "Mmmmmm, gotta go gotta go."
She uncurled, sat up, climbed off the table. I stood, she looked around, grabbed a beer mat and a child's crayon from the next table, wrote a number on it, "If you want to text me, I'd like that," she looked into my face, "Just for fun."
She grabbed my face in both hands and kissed me hard, locked eyes with me, "61? Fuck!"
"Yes. And I will if you promise to take your shoes and coat off next time."
She laughed, "That'll be your job." Smoothed her hands down her dress and walked out of the courtyard.
She didn't ask for her knickers back.