Oh Lisa
byGloriaWill©

I just finished putting the last of my personal items in my car. It was the end of the school year and the last day I would be teaching at this school. I sat in my car and gave the school grounds a last look and then drove home. 

Because of budget cuts a few of the newer teachers had to be cut from the payroll. I've only been teaching for three years, so I was one of the ones that were cut.

I felt bad when I was first told, but as my husband said, things happen for a reason. As luck would have it another school district not too far from me had several teachers retire to avoid future pension cuts, so I was hired to start at the beginning of the school year in September.

My plan for the summer was to teach summer school, but since I'm not a teacher at that school any longer the summer school job was also lost.

My husband told me to take the summer off and relax. I told him I would, but in the back of my mind I thought I would find some kind of part time job to keep me busy.

My name is Lisa; I'm 26 years old, married to my college sweetheart Jeff. We're planning on starting a family in a few years.

Financially we're doing very well, my job doesn't pay a lot, but it's not as bad as you hear when talking about teachers salaries. 

My husband is a partner in his families' law firm. We plan to start a family in a year or two. 

I'm told I look like Kiran Chetry formally from CNN news. I don't see it myself, but I heard the comparison enough to just smile and say thank you.

I have shoulder length dark brown hair; I'm 5"4" and weigh 120 lbs and I'm very physically fit .If I have to say so myself I have great legs and butt. I do have smallish breast, but my husband and my past boyfriends never complained. I'm told they are shaped perfectly and nipples to die for.

When I got home my husband took me out to dinner, knowing I would feel bad about leaving that school, it was my first teaching job and I planned on staying there for the rest of my career.

We had a wonderful time at dinner and it did make me feel much better. My husband is loving and very thoughtful, however because I've known him since my freshman year in college, he has become somewhat predictable. I'm not complaining, just saying.

In the middle of the following week I received a phone call from one of the teachers from my new school. Her name was Dawn and she asked me if I would like to meet her at the school the next day and she could give me a brief tour and a quick orientation. I thought that would be very nice and I told her I would be glad to meet her.

When I arrived at the school parking lot another car arrived the same time I did. We parked near the door and I got out of my car and walked over to the other car.

A stunning redhead was getting out of the car. She introduced herself to me and I did the same to her, it was Dawn.

She was wearing a sleeveless tee-shirt and I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra. She had shorts on that showed off her long shapely legs. I felt like an old lady because I was dressed in my conservative teacher suit.

I told her how I felt over dressed and she laughed. She said she dresses very conservatively when teaching and she should have told me shorts would have been okay today. 

She gave me the grand tour and told what to expect during the school year. I was pleased that she confirmed that it was a very good school and the students were attentive and eager to learn. The teaching staff was friendly and very helpful. 

I told her about myself as we walked around the building and she told me about herself. She's in her mid 30's, happily married and has a son.

She asked if I had a summer job and I told her I didn't. She was just going to do some volunteer work and suggested that maybe we could get together again during the summer and have lunch or something. I agreed, thinking that she was very nice and she could become a friend. 

I thanked her for the time she gave me today. We said our goodbyes and I drove home.

The following weekend Dawn called and invited me and my husband to a backyard cook-out. We went and had a wonderful time. My husband and Dawns husband hit it off right away and I was able to meet several of the other teachers I'll be working with.

The next day our husbands played golf together, Dawn asked me to come over to her house for some left over's from the night before, but I gave her my apologies. I was going to my sisters' house for a visit. We did however plan on a midweek shopping trip in the city.

I wore a summer dress and Dawn wore a blouse and Capri pants. It was a breezing day and as we walked around a corner in the city a gust of wind blew my skirt practically up over my head giving the construction guys sitting along a wall eating their lunch across the street a full view on my panties.

I quickly pulled my skirt back down, but at the same time received cheers and whistles from the workers. I was so embarrassed I wanted to run away.

Dawn cracked up laughing at me and commented that she never saw anyone turn that color of red. I walked as fast as I could to get out of sight of the cheering guys.

Dawn told me it wasn't any accident that the guys were sitting there. It seems they know the skirts would be blowing at that spot. 

After that we continued our shopping trip and were home by dinner time. My husband was working late so Dawn had dinner with me at my house. 

After we ate we were having a cocktail on my patio.

"Lisa I can't stop thinking about how embarrassed you were today when the guys saw your panties," Dawn said with a giggle.

"Of course I was embarrassed they saw my panties and didn't make a secret about with all the cheering," I said, and feeling myself turning red again.

"I don't know why you were that embarrassed, you have great legs and it wasn't like they booed you," She said while laughing.

"Dawn it isn't something that happens all the time, I'm not a prude, but I don't give peeks either," I said with a smile.

"Doesn't it give you a little thrill knowing those guys saw your legs and panties?"

"I guess when I'm feeling horny I'll think it was sexy," I answered.

I hadn't given it more thought then seeing how embarrassing it was, but to have guys see my panties, when you think about it is kind of cool.

"I've had times when I've noticed someone looking up my skirt or sneaking a peek down my blouse and later when I thought about it I got very turned on," Dawn said while smiling.

"Gee Dawn you sound like you have an exhibitionist streak," I told her with a laugh.

"Oh I do," she said.

"You, do? I thought I was making a joke, what have you done that makes you say that?" I asked.

"Well like I mentioned I found myself feeling sexy when I noticed someone peeking up my skirt. I thought it would be very sexy to have people see me completely nude so I asked a friend of mine to go to a clothing optional beach with me." She said.

"I can't believe you did that, how was it?" I asked, and finding myself getting a little turned on.

"It was great, it was very sexy. Don't mention it in front of my husband because I never told him."

"Why didn't you tell him and who did you go with?" I asked

"I went with a woman I met through some charity work I was doing. I can't remember if she told me or someone else did that she goes to a nude beach. Anyway I asked her if she would go with me and she said she would. I didn't tell my husband because I wasn't sure how he would react and after I went I figured he would be mad that I didn't tell him in the first place."

"Have you gone back since then?" I asked

"No, but I would like to," she answered.

When I masturbate I sometime fantasize about being nude in front of people I know. I know it's something I could never do in real life. I was thinking to myself.

"I don't think I could do that," I told her.

"We could go one day during the week," Dawn said with a mischievous smile.

I told her I wouldn't rule it out completely, just to be polite, but I couldn't imagine myself in a million years sitting on a beach nude. Well that's not completely true I would find it exciting, but Jeff would never approve and I wouldn't want to sneak behind his back

That night my husband and I like reading in bed before we go to sleep. Between chapters in my husbands book he ask" how was your visit with Dawn?'

"It was fine we talked about the school and she teased me about being embarrassed when we went into the city shopping."

"What were you embarrassed about?" he asked.

"I guess I forgot to tell you," I said wondering to my self why I didn't mention the construction workers to hi,

"It wasn't any big deal, but when were walking down the street the wind blew my skirt up exposing my legs and panties."

"Nice, wish I saw that," Jeff said.

"Well about a dozen construction guys did see it and hooted and yelled thank you from across the street." I said.

"What panties were you wearing?" which I thought was a strange question concerning I was telling him about something so humiliating.

"I was wearing the light blue boy shorts that you like."

"That means they saw your ass cheeks too," he said with a smile.

"Thanks for mentioning that, I've been trying to forget, and you seemed to be taking the fact that strange men saw my ass."

"Lisa look at this," he said as he pulled the sheet down and should me his hard cock.

"I think it's so sexy that guys saw you," he said with a sheepish grin.

"Jeff I don't know what I'm going to do with you."

I might not have known, but he knew and we had the best sex we've had in a long time.

The next morning while Jeff was getting dressed for work I said ," it seems the idea of other men looking at me barely dressed excites you."

"It did Lisa, it's not something I've always thought about when I see guys checking you out I find it, well a turn on."

I didn't think he was going to give me such a straight forward answer I was anticipating him sort of denying it so I wouldn't be pissed at him.

"Who have you seen checking me out?" I asked, wondering if he's noticed the same guys that I know check me out."

He mentioned a few names of friends of ours which I kind of thought looked at me longer than was appropriate, but it was odd hearing that my husband saw it too and found it to be a "turn on."

He did mention one name that surprised me and that was Mr. Harris the man that lived across the street. He's a very nice man in his mid fifties I would guess and has been nothing but a gentleman when ever I've been in contact with him. He always walks across the street when my husband and I are working in the yard to say hello and to just chat about local every day topics.

"Mr. Harris, I don't believe that for a minute," I said.

"Why not, he's a normal male," Jeff said while tying his tie.

"Yeah I know, but I don't think a man as nice as Mr. Harris would "check me out, as you put it."

"I'm not saying that he isn't a nice man it's just that I noticed him looking at your butt when you were getting something out of the car, that's all."

"Oh that doesn't mean anything. He was probably thinking he should help me.

"Okay I guess I was wrong," he said in a tone that I knew was just to end the conversation. As he turned to give me a good-bye kiss I noticed a bulge in his pants, yes I'm a crouch watcher."

"Hey you got a hard-on talking about this?"

"And you could cut diamonds with your nipples they're so hard," he said with a grin.

I was a little turned on by hearing the names of the guys that my husband saw looking at me, I like to be admired and at least they didn't yell and whistle after looking at me.

On Saturdays we do the out door choirs, we clean up around our pool and do some weeding if needed. Even though I'm not working and could food shop any day I still do it on Saturdays.

Today we were weeding the flower beds in the front of the house. We didn't get started until mid morning due to having sex which is a Saturday morning regular.

It was going to be a hot one today so I was wearing loose fitting shorts and a sleeveless T-shirt, dressed strictly for comfort and working around the yard.

As we pulled weeds from the flower bed I saw Jeff looking at me with a smile.

"What?"

"Oh nothing, but when you bend over like that I can see right down your blouse and see your beautiful nipples."

"Jeff what's gotten into you lately, you've been very horny."

'You have a problem with that,' he answered with the same smile.

"No, just saying."

"I have to get some more wood chips from around back and look who's walking across the street to chat Mr. Harris. 'Do me a favor and give him a treat and stand down there on your hands and knees while he's talking to you."

I was going to blast him for suggesting such a thing, but Mr. Harris was standing right next to us by then.

"Good morning Lisa, Jeff."

"Hi Roger, I have to get some stuff out back," Jeff said as he was walking away.

Mr. Harris who's first name is Roger, but for some reason I always call him by his last name, he is a handsome man, he's 6 feet tall, has a lean build ,well tanned from being on his boat and has a full head of salt and pepper hair. He is the CEO of some company in the city. I know he's a widower and has three grown children and four grandchildren.

I was going to stand up so I could talk with him, but what Jeff suggested to me pissed me off, but I found I decided to remain on my knees looking up at Mr. Harris.

"No boating to day?" I asked.

"No, the engine is having a little work done on it today so I'm land bound," he answered. He continued on telling me about the cost of boat repairs.

I bent over to pull a few weeds as he talked and I was aware that my top was hanging loose from my shoulders and Mr. Harris had a perfect view of my breasts if he was as rude as my husband thinks and was looking.

He was looking; I saw his eyes dart away when I looked back up at him. Damn I could feel myself blushing and to make matters worse my nipples were getting hard.

I looked back down at my weeding. When Mr. Harris stopped talking I looked backup at him, but this time his eyes didn't dart away he was looking right at me.

"Lisa honey your face is turning red," he said with a slight smile.

"Oh it must be from the heat," I offered.

"Yes that must be it, you do look hot."

I wonder which way he meant that and where the hell is Jeff. 

I stole a glace at his crotch, I told you I was a crotch watcher, and saw he was getting a bulge there. Wow to think I was giving that reaction to such a handsome older man. I was feeling kind of sexy and then embarrassed when I looked from his crotch to his face and he was looking at me the whole time, good god, he knows I was looking at his cock.

As I heard the lawn tractor coming around the house I took the opportunity to stand up and brush the dirt off my knees and again giving Mr. Harris a full view. I made a point of not making eye contact with him when I finished.

I excused myself to the guys saying I needed to cool off inside. Both men were grinning at me as I left.

I was confused by what just happened. I was embarrassed by letting a man peek down my blouse; on the other hand I was turned on by it.

After 20 minutes Jeff walked back into the house.

"You're right he does look at me," I said.

"Especially when he can see your whole breast," Jeff answered with a laugh.

"I man he actually stared and didn't even seem embarrassed by it."

"Hey he's a cool older guy he's not going to get all nervous and jerky."

"Maybe not nervous and jerky but he did get a hard-on," I said.

"Did you like that Lisa?"

"Yes."

"Do you want to have sex right now," Jeff asked as he was pulling his shorts down.

I didn't answer him I just pulled off my clothes and jumped him.

We were lying on the kitchen floor still naked and I couldn't help but think how things sure got hot again in our marriage, just like we were newly wed.

Jeff said, "I've been lying here thinking Lisa and don't get mad I'm just trying to start a dialogue okay?'

"Okay what is it you're thinking?" Jeff tends to talk like a layer at home sometimes.

"Well I find it very exciting when men look at you as I told you before, but with you teasing them on purpose like you did with Roger, well that was over the top, I haven't been that excited in years."

"Okay I confess it was exciting for me too. I loved that he was looking at my breasts and he was getting hard, but there's something else you want to say right?"

"Yes, what I want you to think about is, maybe we can do more stuff like that, if you're willing of course?"

"Okay Hon I'll think about, but you have to give me a better idea about what you consider 'Stuff', right now I have to go food shopping."

"Can I make a suggestion?"

"Sure what?"

"Don't change your clothes to go to the store wearing the same top you had on outside."

"So what are you going to do follow me around the Shop-rite to see who is looking at me?"

"No but if anything exciting happens you tell me about when you get home."

"I'll wear a top and shorts like I wore this morning , but I'm going to put clean ones on that look neat, and I'm not making any promises that something will happen."

I did just that, changed into another sleeveless T-shirt and matching shorts, put on some make up and combed my hair, after all I do have to look presentable, and I went to the store. 

I've never gone out anywhere with the intention of giving someone a peek at my body and didn't know what to do until I saw a stock boy on his knees working in one of the isles. 

I took a deep breath and bent over right in front of him to get something off the bottom. I saw his head turn towards me and his face was only about a foot away from my open neckline which gave him a good view of my breasts.

If he looked up he would have seen that I was looking right at, but he was more than content with looking down my T-shirt. I even hesitated, pretending I was trying to choose between two products. 

I finally stood up and put the jar of pickled something which I will never eat in my cart. At that time he did look up and I could see he was blushing, I wonder if I was. He was a very handsome which made it even more exciting, too bad he didn't stand up. 

I couldn't believe I did what I did it was so unlike me, but if my husband thinks its okay and even encourages it, how can it be wrong.

When I got home and we were in the kitchen Jeff asked me how it went. I told him everything that happened and damn if he didn't get an erection just from hearing about it.

I was wet and ready myself, but after finishing putting the groceries away we cooled off and decided to go back to our weeding which we didn't finish in the morning.

I changed back into my original clothes from the morning and went back outdoors.

Jeff took the car to the pool supply store to get more chlorine, as he drove out of the driveway he waved to Mr. Harris who was also working in his yard.

I found myself hoping that Mr. Harris would walk across the street again and as I weeded I would glance over at him to see if he was walking over, but he wasn't.

I was, at first, disappointed, but after a while I was getting pissed because this man just saw my tits and knows if he came over now he would have the same vantage point to peek at me again, but he didn't come over. 

When I finished the flower bed I stood up and looked across the street and Mr. Harris was sitting on this front steps taking a break. He was looking at me and I was looking at him, damn it, he wasn't getting up to come over. I gave in and walked over to his house, it made sense for me to be doing that, what was going to say "how come you didn't come over to peek at me?"

"What a pleasant surprise Lisa I don't think you've ever come over to visit me alone," he said as I approached.


"Yeah, well I guess I never have," not knowing what to say once I got there.

He seemed to sense my momentary confusion and said, "Sit down and relax you've been working very hard over there I noticed."

He's a cool guy and led the conversation to daily events and we chatted for quite awhile.

My mind drifted away for trying to expose myself to him, to normal conversation. We sat quiet for a moment when he said, ' Lisa on Monday I have to go to the shore and give my boat a test run after this weekends repairs, would you and Jeff like to come along I could use an extra hand?'

I've been bored with the time I've had off so I jumped at the chance. " I'd love to, I spent every summer as a kid going out on my dads boat and it would be a fun thing to do," then I realized a problem." I don't think we can go because Jeff told me he has an important client meeting Monday."

"If it's alright with Jeff maybe just you can go. Would you be comfortable doing that?"

"I would love to go; I'll ask Jeff when he gets home." 

"Here he is now," Mr. Harris said as he pointed to Jeff pulling into the driveway. Let's go over and I'll ask if you both can go with me and if he can't I'll ask if you can come alone."

I liked that he was taking charge and was going to make sure Jeff would be okay with me spending the day with him. 

We spoke to Jeff and he confirmed that he had a meeting that he couldn't miss, but said as long as Lisa could help and wanted to go it was fine with him,

After Jeff and I got back indoors he asked," Were you flashing him again?'

"No I finished weeding and I saw he was taking a break so I went over to chat."

With a smile he asked, "were you thinking about giving him a peek?"

"This is crazy I know, but I went over there because I was pissed off that he didn't come over here to peek at me."

Jeff cracked up laughing and I joined in.

That evening we cooked on the grill and rented a movie and went to bed early and yes we did have sex again.

Sunday morning was beautiful and Jeff went to play golf with his brother he asked me if I wanted to join them, but I think it more out of courtesy than really wanted me to play. I'm a better golfer than both of them and it pisses them off. Score one for the girls.

I did some house cleaning and did peek out the front window from time to time to see if Mr. Harris was outside, but he wasn't. After my choirs were done I decided to a little shopping at the mall, there were a few things I needed to pick up.

I wore a sundress, no bra and I did put on panties. 

I found the items I wanted and then just walked around the mall. I noticed a couple of older guys sitting in the center medium, I'm guessing, waiting for their wives to come out of one of the shops they were facing. I wanted to enter the same store, but before I did I bent over at the waist with my butt facing them and pretended to fix a strap on my sandal. 

I knew I was giving them a good peek at my butt and I could feel myself warming at the thought of them looking at me. I stood up and walked into the store. The whole thing couldn't have taken more that 20 seconds, but damn it was a thrill. I guess I'm now officially a cock teaser. When I left that store both guys were still sitting there and they gave me a big grin, was I that obvious that I did it on purpose?

I was ready to go home when I passed the Victoria Secret store. I did some new panties so I picked out three thongs and while waiting to check out I noticed the cutest white sheer mid-thigh robe and I bought that also.

Shopping done I drove home.

My husband arrived home shortly after I did and he was in a good mood because he had a good golf score and beat his bother. I told him I went shopping and showed him my purchases and loved the robe. I was sure he would because it was see through.

We did do much the rest of the day but relax around the pool.

'What do feel like having for dinner/" I asked.

'I don't feel like cooking on the grill again," he said.

'I don't feel like cooking either.'

'Hey let's call three brothers pizza and have them deliver something?'

'Great idea what do you want?'

He told me and I went inside and placed the order

"They said it will be half an hour," I said as walked outside again.

"You know what I was thinking Lisa?"

"What?"

"I was thinking it would be a great idea if you answered the door in your new robe."

At first I was thinking that was dumb, what would I do that for, duh, and then it dawned on me.

'Do you think I really should?'

"I could set up the laptop so we can record it too," he said.

"I don't know about that," I said.

"It'll be cool to look at it later."

"We don't know who the delivery guy will be."

"What if it's somebody too young?"

"He has to be old enough to drive, so he'll be at least 18."

"Well okay, but I'm going to peek out the window first and if I don't feel comfortable, you answer the door."

"Fair enough."

I took off all my clothes and put on the robe and looked at myself in the mirror. It was shear alright, but so much that it was totally see through, enough to see my nipples and my pubic hair. Yes that's right my pubic hair, I still have a full bush of curly dark brown hair.

The camera we sitting on a kitchen counter with a view of the front foyer and door. Jeff came walking back from the front of the house announcing the delivery car is coming up the driveway.

He turned on the camera in the laptop and I walked to the door to peek out of the window to see who the delivery guy was. My heart nearly dropped to my tummy when I saw it was Richie Wilson a boy who was in one of my classes three years ago in my first year of teaching. 

I remember him because he was for one a very good student and two a very good looking young man. He was very popular in both with his classmates, but with the faculty also. That was his senior year so he had to be 20 by now.

I was almost in a state of panic, I never thought about what if I knew the delivery person. I was going to yell to Jeff, who went to the den to hide until the tease was done, that I wasn't going to open the door. but the doorbell rang.

I took a deep breath and opened the door.

Richie was looking away from the door when I opened it, he turned and looked at me.

"Mrs. L, is that you?" he said, as his eyes went right to my nipples.

"Oh hi, Richard?" I said with a friendly smile. I hope he can't see my legs shaking.

"Please come in." 

"Richie I thought you would be running your own company by now."

He laughed and said, "No my uncle owns the pizza place and asked to help out. My regular summer job is in the city."

I was feeling so sexy having a casual conversation with a boy that is looking at my almost bare body. 

"Let me put this in the kitchen and get your money," I said and walked away from him.

I knew my ass looked good when I walk and knowing he could see it as I walked, was so very sexy. 

I was feeling very sexy now so when I went into the kitchen to get my wallet I loosened the sash on the robe. I grabbed the wallet and was opening it and walking back towards him when it opened up and bared the entire front of me.

"Oh my god," I exclaimed and dropped my wallet and wrapped the robe around me again and tied the sash.

"I'm so embarrassed," I said.

"Don't be Mrs. L accidents happen," he said.

"What do I owe you?"

"Huh?" 

"Richie what to I owe you?" 

"Oh yeah right," he said after being snapped back into reality.

I turned my back to him and bent over to pick up the wallet and money. I have a gap between my legs so I know he saw all of my pussy.

I stood and turned around and paid him. 

"Thank you Mrs. L "he stammered when I told him to keep the change as a tip. He just stood there staring.

I opened the door and he went outside.

"Nice seeing you again," I said and noticed his erection in his jeans

"Nice seeing you too," he answered with that smile that melted so many hearts in high school.

I closed the door and stood there for a second to gather my thoughts, then Jeff asked as he was walking towards me, "how did it go?"

"Jeff that was so exciting I really can't believe how exciting doing this stuff is."

"Let's see what we recorded."

We went into the den and sat on the couch with the laptop on the coffee table facing us. Jeff turned it on and there I was waiting at the door, then with a look of panic on my face.

"Why that look?" Jeff asked.

"That's when I saw it was one of my former students; I wasn't going to open the door."

"Oh my god you knew this kid." We saw me swing the door open and stand before Richie.

"This is so hot," Jeff said.

We watched as I walked towards the camera with Richie watching me. I gave the camera a wink, which don't remember doing at all. We could also see Richie straitening out his hard-on so it didn't stick right out. I could feel myself getting wet when I saw that.

"Did you notice his cock when you were doing this?" asked Jeff.

"No I didn't want him seeing were my eyes were going. I did see it when he went outside."

"Did your robe just fly open by accident?"

"Well not completely by accident I did loosen the sash."

"You are a bad girl," he said with a laugh.

His mouth dropped open the same time Richie's did in the video when I bent over and completely exposed my self." Richie actually grabbed his cock while looking at my rear view. I was bent over like that for longer than I thought, god this was sexy.

We then saw the back of me at the door saying good-bye and Jeff sat there with is mouth open.

We looked at it several more times and the last time I was looking at it with Jeff's cock in my mouth.

"Lisa are you thinking that you're sucking Richie's cock right now?"

"Mum hum." 

The next morning as Jeff was leaving the house for work and while walking out the door he yelled "Lisa be sure to wear something sexy for Roger today."

I didn't wear sexy clothing, which I don't have anyway, but looked very nice in pair of peach colored shorts and a matching summer button up the front blouse. I skipped the matching sandals for a pair of white deck shoes. After all I was going to be helping out on a boat.

Shortly after Jeff drove away the doorbell rang and just the sound brought the memory of yesterday's adventure to my mind and a tingle between my legs.

I answered the door and it was Mr. Harris.

"Hi Lisa I realized this morning that we never made arrangements if I was going to pick you up or you were coming over."

"I was just wondering myself if I should walk over. I'm all ready if you are."

"Okay Lisa let's go."

