Some of my experiences... 



Hi everyone. I'm 25, and I've been an exhibitionist for several years. I 
have several fetishes, but most of them involve some sort of embarrassment 
or humiliation due to being seen or exposed. I've started writing about 
some of my experiences on Tripod. I love this board, and I thought there 
might be some people like me hanging around here. Please check out my 
little spot on the web, and email me if you'd like. The site is totally 
free, no BS of any kind. I hope I'm not breaking the rules here, and if I 
am I apologize. 

Here's my homepage with my some of my experiences: 
http://nakedgirlgina.tripod.com/nakedgirlgina/

Here's one of my experiences for the board:

Summer Story Part I

There are a lot of beaches near my home, which works out for me. I love the 
sun! As it turns out, my love of the sun doesn't hurt my exhibitionist 
side. One of the beaches Jake and I used to go to is fairly empty. It's 
sort of in between two major beaches. The first major beach is like a big 
local beach, where people from all over the area go. Then, if you walk for 
awhile, you come to the second beach, which is more of a large tourist 
type of beach. Often times when we went to the beach we went in between 
these two beaches because it was a little more secluded. Not completely, 
just less crowded than the local beach and the tourist type beach. This 
particular area that we went to often had couples trying to get away from 
the crowds, or individuals who wanted to be alone to read or whatever. 
There weren't too many families or children in between the two beaches. 
This allowed us to enjoy the day without having to deal with all the 
children running around, or listening to loud radios playing songs we 
didn't like.


So, one day, fairly early in our relationship, we started talking about 
vague sexual stuff while at the beach. Jake was mostly probing me with 
questions, and I was mostly trying to give open ended answers. He was 
asking me what turns me and things like that. Then he asked me what the 
most embarrassing thing that ever happened to me was. It was just one of 
those questions that came up. So, I told him about the time I was at the 
pool party and got thrown in the water wearing a white shirt and bra, and 
how my top became see thru (go to the earlier stories to read about that). 
Now, something you should know about Jake is that he is a good listener. I 
mean, when we talk about stuff, he really listens. Because of this he 
often picks up on things that other people don't. So when I told him about 
the story, he paid attention. Something about the way I told him must 
have rung a bell in his head or something, because he started asking more 
specific questions about what had happened that day. How see thru was my 
shirt, did people notice, were guys staring, how did it make me feel, etc. 
I cautiously told him more details, without revealing my exhibitionist 
feelings, or so I thought. Somehow though, he picked up on it. I could 
tell he wasn't too clear on it, but he was on the right track. This made 
me nervous, because I didn't want him to freak like that guy did that I 
was seeing when I was 18. But Jake didn't seem upset. He just kept asking 
more questions, leading me on. Then he said something like, "I think you 
kind of liked it, in a way. What do you think?" Uh oh. He was directly 
asking me if I liked it when my top ended up being see thru. I tried to be 
vague, and only said something like it was kind of cool afterwards, but it 
was embarrassing at the time.


Later that day, I was lying on my stomach getting some color. Jake came 
over and started putting some suntan lotion on my back. While he did this 
he untied my bikini top. I didn't think anything of it because no one was 
around, and he was just trying to put the lotion on. Then he untied the 
strings around my neck, but I didn't think anything odd about that either 
as he put some lotion on the back of my neck. But then he leaned down and 
whispered in my ear that he didn't think I needed my top right now, and 
gave it a little tug at the same time. At first I didn't think I heard him 
right, so he whispered it again, while tugging on my top. I was in shock. 
I didn't know what to do. I started to protest, but he said something like 
don't worry, I think it will be fun. Then I said what if someone sees? He 
reassured me that the closest person was over 50 yards away, and they 
weren't paying attention to us at all. Besides, he pointed out that I was 
on my stomach anyway.


So, while giggling nervously, I leaned up a bit and he pulled my top out 
from under me. He said something like, "There you go!" I was so surprised 
that he wanted me to take my top off, but I figured he wasn't concerned 
about anyone seeing me because no one was nearby. Then we just layed there 
for awhile, making small talk. It was one of those moments where we both 
knew something significant was going on, but we didn't discuss it. The 
small talk lasted for about 15 minutes. That’s when he asked how it felt to 
know that my top was on the blanket next to me instead of on me. I told 
him it was a little weird, but not so bad because I was on my stomach on no 
one was around. Then he asked me how it felt compared to what happened to 
me when I got thrown in the pool wearing a white top. I told him this was 
much less traumatic, because no one could see me, and no one was really 
around.


That's when he suggested I flip onto my back! He almost seemed to say it 
like a challenge. I told him I couldn't! He asked me why not? I told him 
because I was topless! But he kept suggesting it, not really being pushy, 
but just suggesting I try it. Finally, he said I should just try it, and I 
could keep my hands or arms crossed over my breasts. I decided this was 
ok, and I flipped over. I was leaning up on one arm, while the other arm 
was crossed over my boobs. I was very nervous, but at the same time it 
felt...exciting! I tried to act totally cool, like I was just going along 
with his silly suggestions. But deep down, I was starting to enjoy this 
little challenge.


Then he started asking me to put my arm down. We went back and forth on 
that one for awhile. Finally, he suggested that I just try it for a minute 
or two. Looking around I decided to go for it. After all, no one was 
around, at least not close. So I dropped my arm, and sat there on the 
blanket, with my breasts totally uncovered. Lucky for me, only the 
seagulls noticed. I was very nervous, looking down the beach both ways to 
see if anyone was coming. Often times people walk back and forth between 
the two crowded beaches, but it was later in the afternoon, and the foot 
traffic had slowed down.


Then Jake asked me how I felt being topless on a public beach. Just 
hearing his voice say that sent mixed feelings rushing through me. I felt 
vulnerable, liberated, embarrassed, and excited, all at the same time. Its 
kind of hard to explain. But I didn't say any of that to him. I just said 
it sort of felt ok, but that I wanted to put my top back on. Then he asked 
me how it felt compared to the pool party incident. I told him it was 
different because no one was looking at me, so in a way it was easier. But 
at the same time, I was totally topless, so in a way it was harder. 


It was then that he commented on how my nipples were very erect. I looked 
down and couldn't believe how hard they were. They looked like they were 
going to jump off my chest! I suddenly got even more embarrassed. You see, 
I have very sensitive nipples, and they get erect when I'm excited. I know 
this doesn't happen to all girls, but it does happen to me, and Jake knew 
it. And I couldn't say I was cold, because it was way too hot out for that 
to be true. I just muttered something about the wind, but I don't even 
think there was a breeze. Then he said my two minutes was up, and gave me 
my top, which I put on. After my top was on, and I was settled, he asked 
me if my topless event was good or bad. I said I wasn't really sure. Then 
he said that he suspected that I liked it, and if he didn't know better, 
that I even seemed alittle turned on by the whole thing. I didn't reply, 
and he didn't press the issue. We spent the rest of the afternoon in 
typical beach fashion.

He was on to me, and I knew it...

If you liked hearing about my experience, please check out my homepage. 
I'm interested in hearing from other girls who share similiar thoughts, 
feelings, or experiences. Or, if your a guy who's dating a girl like me, 
that's cool too.

email me at: nakedgirlgina@yahoo.com
  

Gina

