Camp ends, and Jan heads home with her dad. Introducing Ruth, the English hitchhiker.


Girl Scout Chronicles, Last Part:

  The rest of the second and third sessions literally flew by, until we woke up one morning and realized it was all over. Angie and I herded our worn out campers to the big yellow bus for the last time, and with tears in our eyes bid our little girls goodbye. They cried, too, and gave us phone numbers, and told us to call them if we were ever down this way again.
 
  Sandy came over and hugged us both as we waved at the fast disappearing scouts. Then silence fell once more, and the birds sang and the squirrels chattered as we all walked up to the lodge to finish packing up all the camp stuff, and storing it for the winter. Then Angie and I went back to our tent houses and rolled up all the mattresses and placed them on the porch for the handy men to come and pick up.


  We went up to the counselors tent and got all our clothes and junk, and I helped Angie carry her suitcase out to the circle as her dad, who was in town again on business, pulled in to pick her up and drive her home. I was going to be picked up by my own dad later in the day so I would be the last to leave. Sandy gunned the old pickup and sprayed gravel on the lodge as she roared out the drive, waving and blowing kisses at us as we loaded Angie's stuff in her dad's trunk. Then we hugged each other tight and cried as we parted.      
 
  "It's only for two weeks, little horn dog," Angie blubbered at me.

  "I know, honey, but we haven't been apart that long in ages, I will miss you so much!" I sniffled.
 
  "Well, we'll definitely make up for lost time when school starts," She giggled, as she slipped her hand down inside my terry cloth shorts and rubbed on my clit playfully. I tweaked her long nipples through her thin tee shirt as we both gasped and looked into each others eyes.
 
  "You know I'm gonna' fuck you silly then, don't you?" I laughed, as she panted and kissed me deeply, running her big fat tongue around over mine.
 
  And the down side is?" she giggled, as she gave my clit a last pat and then turned to get into her dad's car.
 
  They waved as I stood there, feeling totally alone in the world. I cried for a while, and then I shook it off and went around making sure we hadn't forgotten anything. The winter caretaker would empty the pool and all the trash and lock up the lodge later so I had the place all to myself. I wandered up and down then went up to the pool and laid down on one of the chaises to soak up some sun while I waited for my dad to come.

  As the sun rose higher I began to sweat and I pulled my top off and laid it on the deck by my lounger. The warm breeze teased my breasts and my nipples started to swell as I ran my hands up and down over my body. The sweat began to trickle off my buns so I raised my hips and slid the terry shorts down and off and put them with my top. Then I spread my legs wide on either side of the chaise so the sun could shine on my gradually swelling cunt lips. I arched my back and reached up to grab the top of the lounger and moaned as the first drops of moisture eased out of my hot little cunt.

  "I'm gonna' make myself cum if I don't stop this," I thought, as I moved my hips up and down and the sweat ran into my belly button and then dripped of my sides onto the deck. I moaned and panted as I moved faster and faster, spreading my legs, and then closing them, then repeating the motion as my swollen cunt lips teased my clit, and my nipples stuck up high on my breasts. I looked down and watched my body trembling from the exertion and bit my lip as the orgasm started.
 
  "Oh God, I'm cummming!" I whispered to myself, as I humped the air faster and faster until I couldn't take it any longer and reached down with one hand and shoved my fingers up my wet cunt, while I yanked hard on my sensitive nipples one after the other.
 
  "Oh, God, I'm cummmmiiiing!" I shouted again, as the shocks hit me and made me shudder and shake uncontrollably on the wet chaise. I sprayed cum all over the lounger as I continued to buck my hips up and down furiously while finger fucking myself harder and harder and faster and faster. I came again and shrieked as the orgasm wrenched my stomach muscles into a quivering rolling wave, over and over! The spasms kept coming as I shoved my fingers in and out and pulled my nipples way up off my sweaty little chest

  When the final shock wave hit I threw my head back and screamed as my body clenched tight, and I held my breath and gritted my teeth from the intense feelings racing through my nerve endings. As I hung there arched in the air with my jaw trembling and sweat flying off my wet body, I heard as if from a far off distance someone calling me. I sank back down on the lounger as I opened my eyes and looked around. I twisted around to look behind me and I saw Lisa coming down the hill behind camp with a pair of binoculars in her hand.

  I stared in shock as I saw her little brother and a whole bunch of his buddies, also carrying binoculars, trooping down the steep hill behind her. I reached down quickly and pulled my shorts up over my cum drenched legs as they reached the bottom of the hill and started across the clearing to the pool. I ducked into my loose tank top and tried to straighten my hair as they came through the gate and over to where I was sitting.
 
  Lisa, giggled as she looked at my legs and the little boys stared at me. I blushed and tried to look innocent, but Lisa just laughed and said, "It won't do you any good to pretend you haven't been masturbating down here, because we all saw you from up on the hill." The little guys chuckled nervously, and I could see that all their shorts had wet spots in the front.

  "Ohmigod, Lisa! Did they see me too?" 
 
  She nodded, and the boys raised their hands to show me the field glasses proudly clutched in their little fingers. Lisa's brother stepped up closer to me and said, "Guess the shoe is on the other foot now, because we outnumber you, and I intend to get even for the trick you and Angie played on me in the woods."
 
  I gasped and trembled as he reached up and pulled my top out so he could stare down in at my stiff nipples and swollen breasts. I slapped his hand away, but Lisa grabbed my wrists as the other boys leaped forward and tore at my top wildly, ripping it to shreds as it flew from my body.

  "Please, Lisa, don't let them do this." I whimpered, as they tugged on the elastic at the top of my shorts until my cunt was exposed to everybody standing there. I heard the material rip, and then felt the warm breeze blow over my wet lips and soaked thighs, as I struggled in vain to get loose from her powerful grip. She pulled me up off the chaise and then pushed me down on the deck as little hands ran all over my quivering body.
 
  "Hey, what's going on here?" I heard Bobby shout, as he burst into the pool area with the same scouts that had seen him fuck me earlier right behind him. I looked at him pleadingly, and then he grinned and looked at Lisa, and nodded. She grinned back, and then pulled my legs open and fell on me with her face against my wet slit. I felt her tongue probe my opening as the boys tugged and pinched my nipples unmercifully.

  Bobby, help me!" I screamed, as I felt Lisa's fingers working their way up into my cunt while she nibbled on my clit hungrily. Bobby just grinned and reached down to rub his big fingers over my parted lips. Then he stuck one in my mouth and told me, "Suck on that, you little slut sister of mine. Lisa told me about you and Angie attacking her little brother, so I think it's payback time, don't you?"
 
  I gasped as I began to suck on his finger while I felt little hands yanking and tugging and squeezing me all over. The scouts grabbed my arms and legs and spread me wide as they, too, joined in the fun. I gasped for air around Bobby's fingers as Lisa fingered me faster and faster and two of the little boys sucked on my swollen nipples until I screamed and jerked as an orgasm raced through me.

  "Oh, God, Lisa, fuck meeeee! Umph, umph, God, Bobby I'm cumming soo hard!" I shrieked over and over as the boys raped my shuddering little body. Then Lisa pulled her brother over between my legs and I felt his little penis enter my soaked cunt. He slipped in easily and Lisa pushed and pulled on his slim hips as he fucked me in and out, in and out, and my cunt spurted on his little balls from my multiple orgasms which kept blasting my sweat soaked body, over and over again.

  Bobby, removed his fingers, and then he pulled one little scout's shorts down and pushed his stiff little cock into my mouth. I gasped, and then sucked on him, loving the satiny smooth skin on his young penis sliding over my tongue. I sucked and sucked until I felt his warm cum hit the back of my parched throat. Then he pulled it out and Bobby stuck another one in to take it's place. 
 
  Over and over I sucked each and every one of the scouts, and fucked every one of Lisa's brother's buddies at the same time, until I passed out from all the exertion, totally soaked in cum from my head to my toes.
 
  I came to in the pool as bobby was washing the cum off and kissing my head gently. I stared at him and he grinned as I kissed him on his sweet mouth hard and shoved my mound against his hardening penis under his baggy shorts. 
 
  "Oh, Bobby, I loved that so much. I'm getting so I want to fuck everyone in the whole world, what is wrong with me?"
 
  "Nothing, little sis. You're just a little horny kid like I was at the same age, only you are living the dream I always had, but never had the guts to do," He chuckled, as he kissed me back softly and held me tight while he ground his now stiff cock against my mound. I reached down and pushed his shorts off and grabbed his thick penis and jerked my hand up and down until he groaned, and cum shot out and floated in the pool water in little globs.
 
  I climbed out and Lisa dried me with her tee shirt as the little boys sat and stared at my naked body. I trembled under her soft touches and moaned as my body responded by getting horny all over again. "God, I can't help myself, I want to be fucked all the time lately it seems," I was thinking to myself, as moisture seeped out through my sore little cunt lips once again.

  Thank goodness Bobby came over and put his shirt around me. Then he and all the scouts left after he kissed me goodbye. Lisa held me and pushed my messy hair out of my face while I clung to her. Her brother was lying on the deck panting for air as were all his little friends. I looked at them and giggled, "Looks like you big men can't handle this little girl." They all groaned and held their aching little balls, and limp little sore penises.
 
  Lisa laughed and ran her hands over my body under the open shirt until I was hot and ready to eat her on the spot. She watched me begin to tremble and grinned.
 
  "Want some more, Jan? I'm not tired yet," she laughed, as my legs began to shake and sweat formed on my upper lip.

  "Oh God, I can't get enough, you know that," I moaned, as I rubbed my clit up and down over her knee.  I gasped as she pulled on my swollen nipples and an orgasm raced through me. I shuddered and jerked against her as I pushed her fingers deeper into the firm flesh on my aching breasts.
 
  I leaned forward and placed my lips on her soft mouth and inhaled her sweet smelling breath as she ran her tongue in and out of mine. She shuddered and came until her body was vibrating against me, and I was cumming over and over with her.

  Finally we stopped to breathe and I sat down on the chaise and wiped my face with Bobby's shirt tail. Then I heard my dad's car coming up the dusty road and panicked when I saw him turn into the circle in front of the lodge. Lisa ran with me to the counselor's tent and she hurriedly dressed me in my little sundress which was lying on my packed bag, ready for me to leave. She fluffed my hair and wiped my sweaty face one last time, and then we walked out past the naked little prone boys, and went down the stairs and across the driveway to say hi to my Dad.
 
  Thank God the pool deck was raised so he didn't see the pile of bodies, or I would have died of embarrassment. He looked at me funny as I tried to hide the flush on my face. Lisa held out her hand and said. "Hi, I'm Lisa, a very close friend of your daughters."
 
  "Hi, Lisa, glad to meet you. It seems like she develops close friends wherever she goes," he laughed, with that dazzling smile that makes every lady practically swoon at his feet. With his dark hair and goatee he looks like a movie star.
 
  "She told me you were good looking, but she didn't say you were a hunk. Wow! If you ever want me, I'm available," Lisa giggled, as she ogled my dad's big chest and strong arms. I grabbed his arm and said, "You can't have him, he's all mine." And they both burst out laughing, as he squeezed me against his hip and kissed the top of my head. Then he opened my door and I slid in and Lisa leaned in and gave me a deep kiss. Dad raised an eyebrow, then shrugged and slid into the driver's seat and started the car.
 
  Lisa waved as we drove away and I blew her a kiss as we drove around the bend and across the little creek to the highway back to San Bernardino and civilization. I slid over and snuggled against my dad and fell asleep totally exhausted from the wild party by the pool.

  As we reached the top of the Grapevine I woke up and stared out the window. It was starting to get dark and the lights were flashing by the side of the car as I stretched and yawned.

  "Have a nice nap?" Dad asked, as he grinned in the fading light.
 
  "Yeah, I kinda' overdid today, I think," I giggled, as I once again snuggled up to his side and put my hand on his leg and slowly made little circles in the soft denim nap. I heard him gasp a little and realized he was starting to get aroused from my fingers on his leg. I saw the bulge start to form in his lap and giggled as I leaned up and blew softly in his ear and panted, "Why, dear old dad! Are you getting all hot and bothered by your sweet little daughter? He chuckled and said, "You are the biggest tease I've ever known, Jan. But yes, my cock is getting hard as a rock and if you don't stop licking my ear I'm going to rape you right her in the middle of the highway!"
 
   I giggled and nibbled on his ear lobe as I slowly made the circles get closer to his hard bulge under the cloth. When I finally passed over his now hard penis it jumped and he gasped loudly. I watched it as I ran my fingers up and down grasping at his stiff cock through the material. He moaned and I felt him tremble as I felt the warm shaft pulse under my hand. 

  "Jan, honey, you better stop before I wreck the car," He panted.
 
  "Really, dad, you want me to quit?" I giggled, because I knew I had him in the palm of my hand, literally.
 
  "Oh God, I'm close to cumming already, haven't been with anyone in a few days," He gasped, as I slowly unbuttoned the silver buttons on his Levis, and pulled the flaps back do I could get to his throbbing penis. He is just like me and never wears underwear, so I stroked his naked cock gently while I toyed with the mushroom head and ran my fingernails around and up and down until he was shaking and jerking in his seat.

  "Oh God, Daddy," I gasped, as moisture ran down my slit and my nipples swelled. I continued to stroke up and down and then I bent over and slid my parted lips over the end, and sucked gently on the tip, and then slid it into my hot little mouth. He jerked and lifted up off the seat which forced it deeper into my throat and I sucked harder.

  When I felt his soft pubic hair on my puffy little lips I stopped and ran my tongue up and down his big fat cock while I sucked hungrily, milking him gently while he gasped for air. He weaved all over the almost deserted highway until I heard the tires hit the rumble strip and then he stopped in a turn off. He shut off the car and ran his fingers through my hair and murmured, "Oh, God, honey, you are so sweet," over and over as I raised and lowered my mouth on his slippery shaft.
 
  I moaned and that sent him over the edge and I felt his hot cum hit my throat. I gulped as fast as I could, but it still seeped out around my panting lips and fell on the car seat between his legs. He thrashed around as I kept sucking him until he collapsed onto the seat and laid his head back as sweat poured off his face.

  I sat up holding onto his softening penis and kissed him gently with my cum smeared lips as he ran his tongue in and out of my mouth. He pulled me over onto his lap and my short dress slid up so my wet cunt lips were in plain sight as I slid slowly down on him. He stared and gasped as his cock slowly disappeared between the puffy folds.
 
  "God, Jan, your little pussy is so beautiful," He panted, as I began to slide up and down. I put his hands on my breasts and squeezed his fingers into my hard nipples through the thin material of my little sundress as I moaned and panted softly.
 
  "Oh, Daddy, I wanted to fuck you every day while I was at camp. I knew you and Mom were doing it, and I fantasized about the night you fucked me next her so many times."

  "Yeah, honey, me too. But we can't go on like this, somebody will eventually figure it out and I'll wind up in jail."
 
  "Nobody knows, except Angie, and she won't ever tell anyone else."
 
  "Yeah, I guess you're right. Your mom knew what went on that night, you know?"
 
  I stared at him in shock.
 
  "Really? I thought she was sound asleep."

  "She was just faking it. She fucked my brains out after you went back to bed; she was so turned on from listening to you fucking me."
 
  "Hunh. What do you know? So she knows we are doing this all the time?"
 
  "Of course, silly. She and I don't have any secrets from each other. She loves the idea and she really loved playing with you and Angie that day by the pool, by the way," He chuckled, as he started to get harder from the vision he was seeing in his mind.

  I leaned down and ran my tongue over his lips and he shuddered and grabbed the back of my head and mashed his mouth on mine in a fiery kiss. I gasped and wiggled my hips back and forth on his now erect penis and started fucking him, slowly.

 
  "Take my dress off, please?" I begged as my nipples swelled. He reached up and untied the tie at my neck and the top part fell down so I felt the cool night air caress my breasts and tease my nipples. I raised my arms and he slid it off over my head as headlights illuminated the car interior from cars flashing by not ten feet away.
 
  I was now naked, straddling my own father and fucking him in plain view of the passing motorists. His hard cock up my cunt and the thrill of someone watching my stiff nipples drove me over the top and my orgasm hit me like a ton of bricks. I gasped and screamed as the waves surged through my hot cunt and I fucked furiously up and down driving Dad's penis up deep inside my hot vagina walls.
 
  The feeling of his ridges on his head rubbing my sensitive internal skin made me cum more and more as I gushed and gushed on his throbbing cock and down into the opening in his levis.

 "Fuck me Daddy, Oh God fuck me hard!" I shrieked, over and over, as he grunted and grabbed my hips and forced me faster up and down on his penis. The car was shaking as we furiously banged against each other. He pulled on my nipples as I raked my fingernails over his chest through his tee shirt and down to his tight stomach muscles. The sweat was pouring off me, and as it mingled with his musky scent my senses went into overload and I jerked hard once more and screamed as I climaxed.
 
  "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Oh God, Daddy, fuck me harder, harder, shove your big cock up my cunt! Harder! Faster! Oh God I'm cummmiiiing Dadeeeeeee! Unh, Unh, Unh, oh shit, fuck me! I love that big dick in me! Oh God I'm cumming again!"

  With that I arched my back and dug my fingernails into his shoulders, and gasped for air as wave after wave ran up my body. His penis was spraying huge amounts of cum up my cunt and I clenched it hard with my walls and wiggled my hips until he, too, was gasping for air and screaming,
 
  "Oh God, Jan, fuck me, fuck me, my little slut daughter! Oh God I'm cumming up your hot little cunt!"

  When he screamed I came another time, and then I slowly lost consciousness from the thrills coursing through my nerve endings, over, and over, and over. I revived in a few minutes lying against my Dad's chest. He was smoothing my hair and softly caressing my sweaty back like he used to when I was a baby. I love him so much.
 
  I slid off his lap and he smiled down at me. I leaned up and planted a wet kiss on his smiling lips then reached down to close his fly and pull my dress back over my head. He grabbed my wrist and stopped me.

  I looked up inquiringly, and he took the dress and threw it into the back seat. I gasped, and then he pulled me over next to him and started the car. I was stark naked on the seat beside him, and he was running his big hand up and down my hip and sides of my right breast as I closed my eyes and enjoyed the electricity surging through my cunt again.

  He pulled back out on the highway and drove on toward the Bay area with me snuggled up close, rubbing his hard cock which I had pulled out of his pants again, and panting through more orgasms, as he rubbed my sore little clit between my wide spread legs. I slid down on the seat on my back with my head in his lap so he could shove his fingers up my steamy little cunt and I grabbed his arm and humped his hand for all I was worth. His stiff penis was sticking up by my face so I turned my head and slid my tongue up and down as it jerked in my face.

  We did that all the way to the turnoff for Sacramento where he exited to get a motel for the day, so we could rest and recuperate for the rest of the journey. He slid his sport coat over my shoulders and I scurried into the room, giggling and laughing all the time. As soon as the door closed I leaped up and wrapped my arms and legs around him as the coat fell to the floor. He staggered to the bed and we both fell on it as he ripped his fly open and shoved his penis into my wet little hole again.
 
  That was a fantastic morning. We fucked like rabbits until we fell asleep in each others arms, totally sated. Around noon we called for food and sat on the balcony to eat and watch the people sunning by the pool below us. Then we went down and joined them and I dozed as Dad talked to them. As it got cooler we went back in and slept some more then got up and packed up the car and headed down the road for home.
 
  As we reached the Washington State border we saw a girl hitchhiking beside the road. Dad asked me if we should stop, and I looked her over and about drooled on the car door.

  "God yes! Look at her, she's sooo sexy! Oh please pick her up, okay?"
 
  He chuckled and squeezed my bare leg below my short dress hem. As we stopped the girl grabbed her backpack and sprinted toward us with her shapely legs flying and her short mini rising up so I could see her white thong underneath. Dad was ogling her legs too as she came up beside his door and peered into the car at us.
 
  "Hi!" I said, as I leaned across Dad as he rolled down his window. "Want a lift?"
 
  She smiled and I noticed the pouty lower lip and my nipples jumped out and my cunt lips began to quiver. I've always been turned on by puffy lips and her's were to die for!
 
  "Sure, if it's okay. I'm going a long ways, almost to the Canadian Border. How far are you going?"
 
  "About the same distance," I answered, as I climbed over the seat and opened the back door for her to put her pack in. She slid in after it and I tossed it up in the front by dad so we had more room in the back seat. She turned toward me and I caught a glimpse of white under the really short mini, and sweat broke out on my upper lip as I stared at her legs. 
 
  She tried to pull it down but it didn't do any good. She blushed and said, "Hi, I'm Ruth. I'm just over from England on holiday and wanted to see the Northwest, but I ran out of money, so now I'm stuck with hitching. I really appreciate you stopping."
 
  I grinned and patted her smooth thigh. I saw a glimmer in her eyes for just a second and left my hand there as we talked and got to know more about each other. She moved her leg slightly and the mini edged up further until I saw the crotch of her thong, which looked to be getting a little wet, but it was kind of hard to tell, since I was trying to be nonchalant about ogling her legs. 

  She reached down and put her hand over mine and held it there as we talked some more. I felt her squeeze gently and moisture seeped out of my own cunt as I trembled with lust for this pretty girl from across the sea. She stared into my eyes and slowly moved my hand up her leg, and I gasped as I felt the smooth skin of her thigh.
 
  Dad was watching all this in the rear view mirror and winked at me. I smiled back at him as Ruth pulled my hand up even further until my fingers were almost touching the now very wet spot in the front of her thong. Her chin trembled, and her head shook slightly as she panted softly. Then she pushed my fingers into the little valley in the thong where it was pushed up between her cunt lips, and I felt her clit swelling as my fingers parted the soft folds of her outer labia through the thin material.

  She gasped and moved her hips as she slid down on the side of the car moving her legs over toward me. I pulled them over onto my lap as she laid out flat on the seat with her head on the little armrest. The sliding pushed her mini even higher up to her waist and I stared as she eased the thong down over her hips. I pulled it clear off and she opened her legs to reveal the prettiest neatly shaved mound I had seen in quite a while.

   I looked at Dad and he was staring in the mirror as he tried to drive. I ran one nail over her slit and she moaned and bit her puffy lower lip. I slid one finger between the folds and pushed gently on her clit as she wiggled her legs on my lap. I leaned down beside her hip and slid another finger up her wet cunt and she gasped and grabbed my hand. She pulled it tighter to her vagina and bucked her hips as she fucked my fingers faster and faster until she was moaning and jerking, and then she shuddered and gasped once more as I felt her cum ooze out of her sweet cunt
 
  "Oh God, I'm so sorry. I really shouldn't have done that." She panted.
 
  "Why not? " I asked, as I ran my hand up over her tight stomach and slid it up under her pale yellow top. She gasped and jerked as my fingers closed over her stiff little nipple. I tugged gently and she moaned and moved her hips back and forth so my elbow would push on her clit while I played with her firm breasts. 
 
  I reached around and undid the snap holding the wraparound mini and pulled it open to reveal her smooth white tummy. Then I unbuttoned each button on her top as she shuddered and moaned, saying "Noooo," over and over. But she didn't try to stop me, so I opened the top completely and pulled it off so she was lying on the seat stark naked as I ran my hands all over her quivering body.

  She closed her eyes and panted, "Unh, Unh, Unh," over and over as I tugged her nipples and then shoved my fingers up her cunt. I finger fucked her harder and harder as she pulled on her nipples until she screamed and gushed on my hand again. I pulled her legs wide and put one over my left shoulder and slid down off the seat so I could bury my face in her soft moist pubic hair and suck on her clit. She yelped and tried to move me away but I sucked and licked until her resistance melted and she gave up and started bucking up against my face, slowly at first, then with more urgency as her climax built up higher and higher.
 
  Then she stiffened and jerked up off the seat and screamed as she gushed all over my tongue and face. When she did I heard Dad groan and saw him shudder as he shot cum up onto the steering wheel. I guess he had been jerking on his penis while we were playing. I grinned at him in the mirror and made a pouty face as Ruth's juices dripped from my lips onto my chin. He groaned again at the sight and shot more up in the air.
 
  Ruth sat up slowly and giggled at Dad as she pulled her top back on. I helped her get her mini on, and then we sat and hugged as we fell asleep in the back seat. When we awoke we were almost home. I stretched and Ruth yawned as we looked out the windows at the tall White Pines and Tamaracks that dot the North Idaho landscape. 
 
  Dad pulled into the drive and stopped and we got out and went into the house. I took Ruth up to my room and showed her all my pictures while jabbering a mile a minute. She laughed and showed me some of her two friends in her wallet and we giggled at the silly faces they were all making. We yakked while I pulled the covers down and then I started to pull my futon out. She stopped me, and then pulled me into her arms and hugged me tight as I trembled from the heat emanating from her skin. 
 
   I looked up into her green eyes and panted as I felt her nipples brush mine through our clothes.
 
   "Can I stay with you for a while, please?" she asked.

   "Oh, God, yesssss, I hissed, as she slowly ran her puffy lips over mine and licked me lightly, "I want you," I panted.
 
   She pulled my little dress over my head and gasped when she saw my hard nipples and swollen shaved cunt lips seeping moisture. Then she undid her mini skirt and top and threw me on the bed. I threw my arms around her neck and crushed her breasts to mine as I ran my fingers through her silky blonde streaked hair, and sucked gently on her soft lower lip. 
 
   "Make love to me, Ruth, please?" I begged. She smiled and then slowly slid her tongue down over my trembling little belly. I shook as her lips worked their way lower and lower until she ran them up and down over my wet cunt lips. She slid her tongue into my slit and then ran it up and down driving me crazy. I grabbed her hair and pulled her face hard against my mound as she sucked on my little clit. 
 
    She moaned and panted as she sucked and licked me until I jerked up off the sheets and gasped as the orgasm came over me.
 
    "Oh Angie, my lover, you better watch out, I think I am falling for someone else," I thought, as I gave myself over to the sweet sensations thrilling my little body.  Just then I heard the downstairs door slam and Angie's sneakers pounding up the stairs. 
 
    Then I saw the door fly open and Angie stood there with the biggest grin I have ever seen on her face. 
 
    "Well, well, Ruthie! Didn't take you long to find her, did it?" she giggled, as she tore her shorts and tee shirt off, kicked her shoes off, and then jumped up on the bed, naked, and fell on both of us laughing her silly little head off.  Ruth started giggling as I stared at them, totally confused.         



