Steaming to Spain
by catchercradle ©

I was unexpectedly single at the time, a long story that I won't go into 
here and was persuaded to go on a cycling holiday with three girls I knew 
well. Not that I needed much persuading lol. I didn't seriously expect to 
get anything more than a few good views of the girls, possibly some skinny 
dipping and a bit of horse play.

To make it cheaper we all shared one cabin on the boat and that meant I 
got a view of all their tits as they changed for showers after Sam and 
Ellen had got just a little drunk. The theory had been that they took 
there showers first and then while I was taking mine they would get into 
bed to preserve some modesty.

It was clear from the giggling I could hear while showering that this 
theory had quickly been forgotten. I soon had a raging hard on which I 
dealt with, imagining Jane in the shower with me.

Once I had dried myself I returned to the cabin to find all three girls 
still naked except for towels round their waists and it was Sam who spoke,

We want you to judge who has the best tits out of the three of us.

I was gob smacked to say the least! I also wondered what the criteria 
would be? Firmness, biggest nipples, skin texture, size etc. I had only 
had two drinks but that was enough to lower my inhibitions.

You all have great tits but I will need to feel them to judge properly.

Ellen who was sitting opposite me immediately moved to kneel on the floor 
and pulled my hands to her breasts. They were larger than my ideal but 
very firm and as I squeezed I could feel her nipples hardening and 
growing. She had in fact a typical page 3 bust. I kept going till Sam 
pulled her out of the way before telling her, My turn now!

Sam's breasts were almost typical of an athlete, just slightly bigger. I 
enjoyed squeezing them and again felt the nipples enlarging. I also felt 
myself beginning to stir as I recovered from my solo performance in the 
shower. I must have spent a good fifteen minutes enjoying myself before 
Ellen asked,

What about Jane?

Jane who I had always though of as innocent blushed which made the other 
two girls laugh though not unkindly. I told Jane who was sitting next to 
me,

You don't have to do this if you don't want to.

I had put my arm around her back as I said this and Jane seemed to come to 
some sort of decision and I felt her body relax against me.

Yes I do want to.

Jane sat her small, four foot six frame between my legs and leant back 
against my chest. My hands soon found her tits, the smallest of the three 
but after only a few minutes the hardest nipples and talking of hardness, 
Jane must have been able to feel my tumescence pressing against her. It 
was not long before she wanted a bit more and asked if I could suck her 
nipples. I was only too glad to oblige.

The other two girls had been talking throughout this time and eventually I 
realised Sam was repeating something,

, it is clear he likes yours best so you can share his tent. That makes 
more sense than the three of us being cramped together. Had we been alone 
I am sure Jane and I would have gone further but inhibitions lowered I was 
still not ready to fuck with an audience of two.

I reluctantly prepared for bed and helped Ellen and Sam pull the top bunks 
down from the wall. I had a raging hard on by this time and decided they 
must all know anyway and threw my towel on the end of my bunk and was 
rewarded by all three girls doing the same before getting into bed.

I didn't sleep quickly partly because I was so turned on but also because 
the sea was getting rough. Eventually conversation stopped. Jane still had 
the reading light on and when I looked I realised she was masturbating. 
From their breathing I could tell the other girls were asleep, either that 
or a very good pretence, especially in Ellen's case with her intermittent 
snores! 

It may have been half an hour or two hours later, I don't know that I 
woke, it was even rougher than before and Jane was whispering to me,

Can I sleep with you? I am so scared.

Needless to say I acquiesced. Making a pointless, (given the noise from 
the banging in the car decks) effort to keep quiet our hands started to 
explore each other's bodies. It was only a few minutes before my fingers 
found their way to Jane's pleasure centre. Her clitoris soon hardened in 
the same way her nipples had and shortly after her second orgasm squeezed 
my index finger tight she whispered to me.

I want to feel you inside me. Don't worry I am on the pill.

I was hardly going to refuse was I? Jane eased her body over mine and 
taking my turgid member in hand eased it into her love tunnel. Had it not 
been for beating off earlier I would have exploded at once. My instinct 
was to really go for it but Jane had other ideas. She just lay on top of 
me and let the violent motion of the ship do all the work. I felt her 
lifting off me fractionally before her body was pressed tight against me 
at the bottom of the wave and I could feel the end of my penis touching 
her cervix. 

At some point I slipped one hand between us and started to stroke her 
clitoris. This meant I was not buried quite so deeply but I was soon 
rewarded by the feeling of her cunt muscles contracting around me. I 
continued to gently play with her clitoris and pussy lips with my fingers 
and about ten minutes later she pulled my hand away to allow me to enter 
her fully again. A couple of dozen waves later I was squeezing her hard 
buttocks as we hit bottom again in more senses than one and as her cumming 
clenched me I felt a sudden urgency in my balls and I was pumping wave 
after wave of spunk into Jane's warm depths. 

We spoke for the first time in what seemed like hours.

That was wonderful I breathed. 

Yes! Was the one word answer from Jane.

We slept like that and when I awoke with another hard on in the morning we 
were still like that, Jane's head turned to one side on my shoulder and 
her cunt still holding me. 

We were up before Sam or Ellen and showered together. No mean feat given 
the size of the shower! Neither of the two other girls commented but it is 
hard to believe they could not smell the sex in the cabin! 

The thought of being spotted by the other two only added to my excitement 
throughout this episode.

A great start to an unforgettable holiday. 



