Summer Camp Hazing
by jastes22 

Summer Camp Hazing - Part 1: The Haze

It was bad enough that my sister was my camp counselor. Now I had to sleep in her cabin with all the other girl counselors.

The girls looked up as I entered through the open door. The cabin—well, it was really more of a lodge—was big, with wooden rafters and several bunk beds lined down the sides. There was a sound of rushing water coming from the back. A shower? To my surprise, I could see several girls, all older than me, standing in the middle wearing only a towel.

“What are you doing here?” One of the girls asked. “This is for the counselors only.”

Veronica waved them off. “Girls, this is Hannah, my baby sister. There was some mix-up with the living situations, and we had one more girl than regular beds, so she’ll be staying with us.”

A soft grumble passed through the group. A girl at the back grunted. “Great. Someone to ruin the fun.”

I opened my mouth to argue, but before I could, another girl jumped up and gave me a big hug. I squeaked, a little surprised. “My name is Beatrice. It’s so good to meet you, Hannah!”
I blushed, the sudden friendliness of Beatrice throwing me off. “I know this isn’t what you were expecting, but we’re going to have so much fun!”

I nodded. Yeah, I was going to have fun no matter what. My sister couldn’t ruin that. It wasn’t like I would be with Veronica all the time—I could still have some fun times with all the outdoor activities. Maybe I wasn’t hanging out and hossipping with my friends into the late hours of the night , but the older girls were bound to have some juicy bits, too.

My eyes fell on some cards in the center, surrounding a pool of cash, jewelry, and makeup. I felt a surge of bravery come over me. I could play Poker. If I wiped the floor the floor with them, maybe they would accept me into the group. “Can I join?”

“This is for ‘real girls’ only. Not babies like you.” It was the girl who complained initially.
I bit my lip. “Oh, yeah? I can prove I’m just as much a woman as you all are.”

A strange hush fell across the lodge so quickly and suddenly it was unnerving. Did I say something wrong?

Veronica stepped forward. “If you really want to be one of us, you have to go through camp counselor hazing,” Veronica said. “It’s the only way.”

“Hazing?”

Beatrice nodded. “Yeah! All the girls do it if they want to become one of the ‘big girls.’ But we have to warn you…it’s a pretty big commitment. You think you’re up for it?”

I crossed my arms and leaned on my leg in the sassiest pose I could think of. “I can do anything.”

Veronica grinned. “Glad to hear it. Now, here’s what you have to do…”

As she explained the terms, I felt my face burn even just thinking about it. “You can’t be serious.”

“Oh, we’re totally serious,” she said. “‘I can do anything,’ right? Don’t worry. We’ll be right there in case you get cold feet. Wouldn’t want you to bail.”

My stomach twisted in knots tighter and tighter as we made our way to the boys’ cabins. The night was cold and wet, and to make matters worse, the girls had made me change into my pajamas—a button-up top and flimsy bottoms—and flip-flops that provided almost no warmth. Was I really doing this? The sound of the girls behind me was like a moving wall, an impenetrable force moving me forward.

We stopped in the center of the ring of cabins, and the girls took their place, each giggling and whispering to each other.

“Go on,” Veronica said.

My feet dragged themselves to the small porch of the first cabin. Despite the dark night, the porchlight illuminated the area around it. Nowhere to hide.

I swallowed, and rapped my knuckles against the door. The sound of knocking on the wood seemed to echo the pounding in my chest. Was I really going through with this? I could feel my sister and her friends’ eyes on my back. If I didn’t do this, they would never stop treating me as Victoria’s little baby sister. But still…

The door opened before I could bail. My heart skipped a beat, like that feeling you get when you miss a step on the stairs.

“Hannah?”

My heart sank. Tony, the cute boy I sat by during camp orientation, was standing between me and the door. His eyes were still half-drooping from his disturbed sleep.

He looked me up and down, taking in my baby-blue pajamas. “Do you…need something?”

My throat was suddenly very dry. I coughed, both to clear my throat and to stall enough to get the courage to speak. “I need you to…take off my top.”

“What?” Tony obviously thought he was dreaming.

“Take off my top. Right here. Now.”

His eyes fell on the crowd of girls behind me, and he put two and two together. I gasped as he reached forward and touched the fabric. His fingers fumbled with the buttons of my top. First the top of my chest, then the top of my bra. I held my breath as he unbuttoned the third one, pulling it open and revealing the rest of my bra. He took a moment to appreciate my figure before continuing. He worked on the final two buttons quickly and pulled my top wide open. I gasped, my bra and stomach exposed to his eyes. He stepped forward to pull the top off my shoulders and down my arm, his eyes glued to my bra the entire time.

Shivers ran through my body at the feeling of my exposed shoulders, chest, and stomach being presented to him. I tried to calm my breathing, but my breathing was so ragged it felt like my tits were going to burst free of their restraints.

I pulled out a marker that was clenched in my fist so tightly that my fingers ached. “I need you to write your name on my stomach,” I said.

“Nice and big!” Beatrice said. Some of the girls cheered. Blood rushed to my face. What if someone heard and came out to investigate?

Finally starting to realize the opportunity presented to him, Tony took the marker and started to write. A soft gasp escaped my lips as the cold ink dried on my bare stomach. Even just the two strokes to form the “T” of his name seemed to drag on.

As he started to work on the “O”—which was tricky enough without the fact that he was writing on bare skin—I started to squirm and step away. He wrapped his arm around me to hold me still. This much physical contact made me hold my breath as he finished up the last two letters.

He capped the marker and handed it back to me. “Okay.”

I held out my phone. “I need you to take a picture of me. For…proof.” It was ridiculous. The girls were right there. What more proof did they need?

I saw his eyes dart to the side. I knew he was wishing he had grabbed his own phone before answering the door. He grabbed the phone from my hands and raised it up. I forced my hands to the side and resisted the urge to cover up or grimace as the phone *clicked*.

“Th-thank you,” I said. With one hand holding the marker and phone, the other hand stretched across my chest to cover up my bra.

Still looking a little stunned, Tony reached out with my pajama top.

I shook my head. “No, no. You keep it.”

Before I lost my courage, I turned around and started to walk across the field where the girls joined me.

One down, three more to go.

Three more.

Ah, crap.


Summer Camp Hazing: Part 2 - Negotiations

“Looking a little pale there, Hannah,” Veronica said.

I glared at her. “Shut up.” I tried to keep my cool, but, in reality, I felt like something was squeezing my chest, making it hard to breathe or think.

“I think she likes it!” Beatrice said, pointing at my bra. I looked down and blushed. My nipples were erect and poking against the fabric! My breasts weren’t that big—at most a c-cup—but they felt like they were going to spill out of their only covering any moment.

I should have ended it right there. That was embarrassing enough. I didn’t need to prove myself to anyone. I doubted any of the counselors were brave enough to do what I did.

Veronica grabbed a thread of my long brown hair and started to run her fingers through. “It’s okay, Hannah. We don’t actually think you can do it. You can stop now.”

I knew exactly what she was doing, but I didn’t care. “You’re not making me quit that easy. I’m doing this. All the way.” What was I doing? It was like a car wreck in slow motion.

Veronica shrugged, as if she had been bested. “Well, no point in waiting, then. Pick your next cabin. Oh, and it needs to be on the other side.”

The cabins were set in a U-shape, leaving a field in the center for lawn games or for ultimate frisbee. The field wasn’t large, but it was big enough for me to feel self-conscious about walking in my underwear out in the open where anyone could see. I folded my arms over my chest as I walked up to the next cabin.

I knocked on the door, forcing myself to swallow down the feelings of panic.

The door opened, and a boy with blond hair stepped out. He couldn’t have been more than a few years younger than me. His eyes looked me up and down, and his mouth twitched at the sight of my bra-covered chest. “What?” He asked, a little annoyed. Whatever he was looking at, he wasn’t impressed.

“I need you to take off my pants,” I said, saying it quickly as to not think about the absurdity of it.

“Why?”

Frick, this kid wanted an explanation?

“It’s for a…challenge.”

“What kind of challenge?”

I swear, I was going to strangle the kid. “I have to let myself be stripped naked, one piece of clothing at a time. Someone already took my top. Now I need you to take my bottoms. Then I need you to write your name on my stomach and take a picture.”

The boy looked me up and down, and then his eyes darted to the mob of girls behind me. “And what if I don’t?”

Honestly, I hadn’t thought of that. Maybe the girls would let me move on to a different cabin, but this whole experience was a bit like cough syrup—I wanted to drink it all in one go and just get the horrible taste out of my mouth as quickly as possible. And I knew Veronica would find a way to use it as an excuse to embarrass me further, somehow.

“Just take my pants, please.” I said. A part of me died inside. Had I really just said that?

“I’ll make you a deal,” he said.

“What?”

“I’ll take your pants, but only if you let me give you twenty-five spankings.”

He had to be joking. There was no way I was doing that!

But, I didn’t have a choice. I was trapped. It was either him or the girls. “F-fine.”

“Good. Now turn around.”

I blushed at the thought of a kid dictating to me my humiliation. I turned and placed my hands on the wooden guardrails.

His fingers grabbed the edges of my bottoms and pulled down slowly. With each inch of skin revealed, my heart rushed faster and faster.

With a soft *thump* my pants fell to the floor in a heap. The kid grabbed my shins and pulled my toes out, leaving my flip-flops in the pile.

“Okay. Now, pull down your panties.”

“No!” I squeaked. “That wasn’t the deal!”

“Wouldn’t be a real spanking. Just to your waist. Either you do it, or I do it.”

This was humiliating. The thought of the perv touching me all over as he pulled down my underwear made me shudder. No way I was letting that happen. But letting him command me into removing my own clothes would only embolden him. I needed to retain some sense of control.

“I’ll take off my panties completely, but you only get five slaps.” There. Setting the terms of the deal would show him I wasn’t completely powerless.

The boy’s eyes nearly bugged out. He couldn’t believe his luck. But he stopped himself before agreeing, realizing he still had the power. “Twenty-five to only five? That’s pretty steep…”

“And I’ll spread my legs,” I said. I bit my lip. Why was I offering to expose myself even more to this kid?

“Deal.”

I swallowed, assuming my position of bending over the porch. Fingers trembling and digging into the wood of the guardrail, I grabbed the side of my panties, took a deep breath, and pulled.


A soft moan escaped my lips as the panties fell to the ground. Was I enjoying this? I was literally only wearing a bra that was slightly more modest than a bikini. I should be humiliated—which I was—not getting off on this.

The girls cheered as they witnessed my panties fall to the ground. I felt my cheeks go red—well, more red than they already were. They hadn’t heard any of our conversation, so from their point of view, I had just willingly taken off my panties.

“Spread your legs,” he said.

I whimpered, but obeyed, giving the boy full, unfettered access to my womanly parts.

Possibly because I wasn’t quite expecting it, the first slap was particularly painful, and I let out an audible gasp. His next three strikes were methodical, striking as much skin as possible and with the loudest *smack*. My butt was getting very red and sore—I wouldn’t be able to sit for days.

I held my breath, waiting for the fifth and final smack. For a long moment, there was nothing. When was—

Something hard entered into my crack. “H-h-hey! Ohhh…” Any other objections I could make were stifled by a loud moan as I nearly collapsed. The girls snickered behind me.

. My face flushed as my body shuddered and convulsed. My fingers dug into the wood of the porch, and my buttcheeks tightened, which only served to increase the penetration.

I felt myself being turned around to face the boy again. I yelped, realizing that with my panties at my feet, the boy could see my unshaved pussy. I reached for my panties—the deal was only for the slaps—but the boy pushed them away.

“Hands behind your back,” he said. He picked up the marker.

I let out a pathetic whimper as I held my arms behind my back.The boy held the marker in his hand for a moment, letting his eyes run up and down.

I couldn’t tell what name he was writing, but it felt like the longest name in history, and I knew he was taking he sweet time.

Finally, he stepped away. “Good. Anything else?”

“I need you to take a picture,” I said, holding out my phone. The boy looked me up and down again. After a long moment of drinking in my pussy, his eyes fell on my bra, and I knew he was wondering if there was any way to get me to remove my last piece of clothing.

I realized that I would have taken it off if he had tried to bargain again. Og, frick, what was wrong with me?

Thankfully, he decided not to push it, and instead held up the phone, focused it on my pussy, and I heard it *click*


