Andrew looked out the bedroom window, watching Christina walk down the
garden path and out through the front gate in a slinky black dress and
stiletto heels.  "I wonder what she's up to," he said, dropping the
curtain and walking back over to the bed.

Denise smiled up at him from the bed.  "I thought she was looking a
little hungry, so I told her to go play with Alex and Sarah.  I'm sure
they'll find it _very_ educational."

Andrew grinned wickedly and climbed back into bed.  "I'm sure they will,"
he said.  "Now, what are _we_ going to do?"

Denise stroked his erection and licked her lips.  "I think this looks
quite tasty," she said, and slid down the bed.

			*	*	*

The doorbell rang.  Alex folded his newspaper and left it on the arm
of the sofa, then walked to the door and opened it.  He blinked with
surprise as he saw Christina standing there in a tight, slinky black
dress - not at all her usual style.  "Uh, hi Chrissi.  Where have you
been? I haven't seen you for ages."

Christina smiled up at him, her eyes gleaming with scarlet light, and
he felt his cock hardening in his jeans.  He could have sworn her tits
weren't that big last time he'd seen her.  She licked her lips predatorily
and reached up to caress his neck.  "I've... I've been a little tied up,"
she said.  "It's been very educational.  Would you like me to show you?"

He cleared his throat awkwardly.  "Uh, I've got a... girlf... oh, fuck
it."  Sarah had never made him this horny with her clothes still on,
so she could like it or lump it.  Christina stepped into the house and
pushed the door shut with her foot.

"I know.  I was thinking of a threesome," said Christina, unzipping
Alex's jeans and slipping her hand inside.  "You'd like that, wouldn't
you, having two pretty girls to play with?"

Alex swallowed hard as Christina caressed his cock.  "Oh god yes,"
he groaned.  She unbuckled his belt and tugged down his jeans and
underpants, freeing his cock.

"That's good.  Let me taste you."  She knelt down in front of him and took
his cock into her mouth, caressing the shaft with her tongue.  He ran his
fingers through her hair with a groan of delight as she started to rock
her head back and forth.  Her fingers stroked lightly over his balls as
they tightened, sending further shockwaves of pleasure through his body.

Alex's fingers twisted in Christina's hair as she moved her head faster,
taking him deeper into her mouth.  "Ohhh.... Chrissi... make me come..."
Her finger pressed against his anus, massaging the tight ring of muscle
and working its way inside him.  He whimpered in ecstasy as she massaged
his prostate in time to the movements of her head, taking him past the
point of no return.

Alex almost collapsed on the spot when the orgasm hit.	A sudden chill
shot through his body as come spurted from his cock into Christina's
mouth, and he felt oddly weak as she swallowed.  "Wow," he whispered
hoarsely.

Christina rocked her head back off his cock and stood up.  "Mmm.
You taste good," she said, eyes gleaming scarlet.  She pressed her lips
to his, forcing her come-slicked tongue into his mouth.  He smiled at
the taste of his own come, and returned the kiss with great enthusiasm.

			*	*	*

Sarah stomped grumpily up the garden path.  She'd had a thoroughly awful
day at work, and right now what she wanted was to curl up with a big
mug of tea and rant at Alex.  She pushed her key into the Yale lock and
opened the front door, then stared in shock as she saw Alex lying naked
on his back with Christina knelt naked astride his head, facing the door.

Christina's eyes flashed scarlet, and Sarah felt her shock and grumpiness
starting to melt away beneath that uncanny gaze.  She supposed she could
probably forgive Alex for wanting to fuck Christina.  She quite fancied
the idea herself, to be honest.  Far too long since she'd eaten pussy.
"Uh, hi Chrissi."

Christina licked her lips and smiled at Sarah.	"Join in or fuck off,
but shut the door," she said.  Sarah stepped into the house, pushing
the door shut behind her, and kicked off her shoes.

"That's better," said Christina.  Sarah felt her sex twitching at
Christina's sultry tone.  She slipped off her jacket and started
unbuttoning her blouse, feeling even more turned on by the frankly
predatory look in Christina's eyes.  As Sarah dropped her blouse to the
floor and reached behind her back to unfasten her skirt, Christina darted
forward and pressed her lips to Sarah's.

Sarah whimpered as Christina's tongue forced its way into her mouth.
She managed to undo her skirt, letting it fall to the floor, and
immediately felt Christina's fingers diving inside her damp knickers.
Sarah gave a muffled moan and started to return the kiss, slipping one
hand down between Christina's legs.  She was dimly aware of Alex moving
around behind her, and then she felt him unclasping her bra with one
hand and tugging her knickers down with the other.

Christina broke off the kiss, and Sarah hastily discarded bra and
knickers, leaving her wearing only her hold-up stockings.  Christina laid
back on the floor, legs spread.  "Eat me.  Alex, give her what she needs."

Sarah got down on the floor, hips raised slightly, and buried her face
in Christina's crotch.	She ran her tongue hungrily around the lips of
Christina's sex, then started to lick her clit.  She felt Alex's weight
on her back, and the swollen head of his cock slipped between the lips of
her sex.  She gave a muffled groan and started to lick Christina faster
as Alex started to thrust inside her.

Sarah felt Alex's breath hot on her neck.  "Tastes good, doesn't she?" he
whispered.  She thrust her tongue into Christina's sex, tasting her
juices mingled with Alex's, then gave another muffled groan as Alex pushed
deeper into her sex, filling and stretching her.  Alex's cock had never
felt this good inside her before, and she could feel a growing heat and
tension inside herself.  Christina's moans of delight at Sarah's efforts
grew louder and more desperate, and her fingers curled in Sarah's dark
bobbed hair, nails digging into the back of her neck.

"Yesssss..." hissed Christina.	"Pleasure is all..."

Sarah moaned more loudly, still muffled by Christina's sex.  Alex's cock
was sinking hilt-deep inside her on every thrust now, and she could feel
herself fast approaching the point of no return.  She licked faster,
pressing harder on Christina's clit.  Alex's cock started to pulse inside
Sarah, the sensation of his hot come splashing into her tipping her over
the edge.  The hardest orgasm Sarah had ever had exploded through her, her
sex hungrily milking Alex's cock.  She was vaguely aware of Christina's
nails biting into her flesh and a sudden chill washed through her body,
leaving her feeling bizarrely weak.

			*	*	*

Alex pulled his cock out of Sarah's sex, and blinked with surprise.  He was
still hard.  Christina smiled at him.  "While you're all slippery, you could
stick it up my arse," she said, rolling over and raising herself up on all
fours.

Alex grinned and knelt down behind her.  He rubbed the still-wet head of
his cock against her anus and then pushed into her with surprising ease.
Christina groaned with pleasure. "Oh, yes, Alex. Fuck my arse as hard as
you like." He needed no further encouragement.  He grabbed her hips and
started thrusting hard, relishing the tight grip of the ring of muscle on
the shaft of his cock.

"Bet you never did this to your girlfriend," gasped Christina.  "Bet she
never even let you stick a finger up there. Come in my arse, Alex."

Alex groaned, thrusting harder and faster as he felt his balls tighten.
He couldn't believe how good it felt to have his cock buried in Christina's
arse.  His cock started to pulse, and he felt her anus clamp around his shaft
as he spurted come into her bowels.  A deep, biting chill washed through his
body, and he collapsed on top of her.  The world seemed to be fading into
darkness around him.

"I love it when a man shoots his soul into me," purred Christina, and oblivion
claimed him.

			*	*	*

Sarah stared wide-eyed as Christina wriggled out from under Alex.  "What
did you do to him?" she asked.

Christina smiled ferally, eyes glowing scarlet. "He came so hard up my
arse that he emptied his soul into me as well as his balls.  Get up on
all fours."

Sarah pulled herself up onto all fours, wondering what Christina was
going to do to her.  Christina knelt behind Sarah and started stroking her
buttocks.  "Shame, really.  You could do with a good buggering.  Still,
Mistress Denise says Master Andrew's cock would look even better in your
arse than Alex's would have."

Sarah swallowed hard. "Denise... wants her brother to fuck me up the arse?"

Christina began to fade away. "Yes.  She wants you to meet them at the
circle tomorrow night."

