Epilogue

Fingers, tongues, more hands than you ever imagined running over you, through you, filling you. The dream is hazy, nothing at all like the real thing, but you cling to it, resist waking up, and facing the light of day. Your back is colder than it should be; you roll over and find something familiar, warm, and safe. You snuggle in and an arm comes around you but there's something missing. Something warm and soft and … Lyla.

Angry, hateful words filter through the tent and bring you fully awake. You don't have to unzip it to see who's yelling, you know without even opening your eyes there's only you and Tim in the tent. You sit up and watch through the open flap as Lyla and Jason tear each other (all of you) apart.

"You set it up! Knowing full well I couldn't resist, even though I wanted too!"

"Yeah? Well you're the one who decided to take off all your clothes and jump in the lake."

"I was trying to wash it all off! It's wrong Jason. Wrong. It goes against everything I believe in. Everything!"

"You didn't seem to think it was wrong last night, when you snuck off with Tyra and –"

"Don't. You. Dare." Lyla hisses out between clenched teeth. "That didn't mean anything, it was nothing, nothing at all. Where do you get off asking me that anyway? What about you and Tim?"

Lyla's saying something else, and their voices are getting louder and louder. But you can't hear anything over your heart pounding in your ears. Didn't mean anything? Nothing? Nothing at all? You scramble for your clothes -- you don't have to be here, don't have to listen to this. You find them tangled under one of the sleeping bags and pull them on. Your key is in the pocket of your skirt and you don't care where your shoes are.

"Tyra." Tim grabs your arm and tries to stop you.

"Shut up, Tim. I'm leaving." You try to pull your arm free but he doesn't let go.

"She doesn't mean it, she's just freaked out, that's all."

You yank again and he lets go. "Easy for you to say. I don't hear anybody saying you're nothing."

You're out of the tent, heading toward your truck. Jason and Lyla are both calling your name but you ignore them and the rocks digging into your bare feet. It's just a little further and then you're out of here and you swear to god, Lyla Garrity is going to pay for making you feel like a cheap whore.
~*~
You need to tune Tyra's truck. It shouldn't have taken her three tries to get it going, it finally cranks and she's gone. You find a pair of boxers in one corner of the tent and pull them on, they're Jason's but that doesn't matter. Lyla's staring at the cloud of dust Tyra left behind and Jason's staring at her back. The cooler is right where you left it. You open it and see there's still plenty of ice and beer.

Thank god.

It's the perfect temperature, and it goes down better than you thought it would. So does the second. You're reaching for your third, because you can't think of any other way to deal with this, but Jason's snatching it out of your hand and glaring at you. "That's enough, Timmy."

You snort and look over at Lyla, her shoulders are hitching, she's wiping her eyes, and you hear a lost, high-pitched sound coming from her. "No, it's not." You grab another couple beers out of the cooler and head toward the lake.
~*~
Tyra hates you. You could see it on her face and you can't blame her. Not if she heard what you said to Jason. This is it. This is how God has decided to punish you. He's taken away the best thing you ever had and left you with Jason.

Jason who's following Tim. "This ends now, Jason. If you go after him instead of staying here with me, it's over. Forever."

Your words stop Jason in his tracks. He turns toward you, mouth gaping open and closed like a fish. He doesn't come to you, but he doesn't go to Tim either.

A hollow victory, but you'll take it.
~*~
You knew it would be ugly in the morning, but you had no idea it'd be like this. You go to the empty tent and start taking it down. There's no need to keep it up for the rest of the summer, you know there'll be no more camping trips. No more nights like last night. Ever. Maybe if Lyla wasn't so religious or Tyra wasn't so sensitive … no, you can't blame anybody but yourself.

Maybe, if you were man enough, brave enough, you'd never have been with Lyla in the first place. You're not gay. You've never wanted any guy but Tim. It's more than want though. You love him in ways that you can't put into words.

If this wasn't Texas, and you weren't an athlete, and you didn't have plans to go pro, all of this would be different. You and Tim could do your thing and nobody would care. But this is Texas, you are going pro, and Lyla Garrity is what you need to do that. She keeps you steady, focused, and supports you completely.

Which is why you're packing up your tent and your fantasies and leaving Timmy out here by himself with a cooler full of beer. You'll have to call Tyra or Billy to come get him. You doubt Tyra's going to be talking to you any time soon. If ever again.

You make up your mind to call Billy to take care of Tim. You'll calm Lyla down and maybe in a couple of weeks, things can get back to normal.

Maybe.