Tanya’s Awakening

  Tanya opened her eyes slowly, and wondered why her head was pounding. She 
  seemed to be in a small, cube-like area, with a single light source shining on 
  her. From nearby, a voice was droning on.

  Where was she? What had happened last night?

  Slowly, the details came back. She had been socialising with some of her 
  fellow tutors. One of them had dared her to try a little of a foreign 
  alcoholic beverage, that she couldn’t remember the name of now. She had only 
  had a little, but it had really knocked her for a loop. Leaving her friends, 
  she had staggered around the campus of the University where she worked for 
  quite some time, before finding a nice quiet place to get some sleep.

  Suddenly coming fully awake, she realised where she was. This was a lecture 
  hall: more precisely, one of the cupboards which lined the walls of a lecture 
  hall. It would usually contain books, but at the moment contained only her.

  The voice coming from outside the cupboard was a lecturer; in fact, she 
  recognised the voice of Professor Nuttsfield, the head of the English 
  department. Her department.

  This was embarrassing, to say the least. Tanya, 28 years old and in her first 
  year at this university, was a tutor: her job was to support the efforts of 
  the lecturers by advising small groups of students, and setting them exercises 
  to do. She hoped to one day gain a promotion to the position of lecturer 
  herself if she impressed. Staggering out of a cupboard in the middle of a 
  lecture after getting drunk the night before was highly unlikely to impress!

  She must stay put for the moment, and hope that no one happened to expose her. 
  When everyone had left, she could discretely come forth. Listening to the 
  professor’s words, she recognised that he had nearly finished the lecture. She 
  began to stretch herself, in anticipation of making her move.

  She was an attractive woman, copper haired and pale skinned, with a face that 
  remained pretty and youthful with the passing years. She was happy with her 
  breasts, which were large and fairly firm, but her backside was a cause of 
  concern for her. It was always above average size, but whenever she put on any 
  weight it seemed to go straight to her buttocks, expanding them still further. 
  Recently, she had had trouble fitting into some of her jeans and dresses.

  That was not a problem at the moment, however, and she was wearing nothing on 
  top of her knickers.

  The skirt which she had had on last night was gone! So, for that matter had 
  her shoes and socks. But what could have happened to them?

  Abruptly, the memory from last night of her mumbling to herself about her 
  clothes being too tight returned. She could vaguely recall taking them off 
  before she went to sleep.

  If she had been embarrassed by the thought of being discovered before, it 
  appalled her now! She was wearing brightly coloured knickers with yellow 
  flowers on a pink background. These were now fully exposed; not really the 
  attire of a serious academic! As she heard the lecture conclude and the 
  students get up to leave, she was terrified that one of them might jostle 
  against the doors of the cupboard, which were slightly ajar. But, thankfully, 
  they trooped out without disturbing her, and the room grew quiet.

  Slowly, very slowly, she nudged the doors open and glanced around. The coast 
  seemed clear. She got out and looked around her. The pounding in her head was 
  fading rapidly, but she had other problems. How was she to get out?

  But then, amazingly, she saw her skirt bundled up against a wall. She must 
  have taken it off just before she got into the cupboard! Relieved, she grabbed 
  the garment, sat in the front row of seats, and started to smooth out the 
  folds in it. She didn’t know where exactly her shoes and socks were, but being 
  bare footed on a spring day like this wasn’t so out of the ordinary. Her house 
  backed onto the campus, and she could get replacements from there quickly 
  enough.

  “Ah, Tanya, can I help you with something?”

  The voice almost made her yelp with alarm. Professors Nuttsfield had suddenly 
  appeared from behind the lectern, where he seemed to have been crouched whilst 
  organising his notes into his bag. He was an intelligent but rather absent 
  minded old man who had inevitably earned the nickname of “the nutty 
  professor”. He approached her now while she tried to think up a good response.

  “I wanted to talk to you about one of my students …”

  “Really? Well it will have to wait until later; I’m in a bit of a rush. What 
  are you holding?”

  “A dress,” said Tanya automatically. She stole a glance at her knickers, safely 
  concealed behind the desk for the moment. How could she explain the fact that 
  she was sitting there holding her own dress? An alternative occurred to her.

  “I just found it. One of the students must have left it”.

  “What a curious thing to forget. Well, reception is on my way. I can hand it 
  in there”. Taking the dress from her grasp, he walked to the exit.

  “But … but …” sputtered Tanya, but she couldn’t think of what to say next. The 
  professor strode unhesitatingly through the door, taking her garment with him. 
  Going over to the door herself, she peered through the small window set into 
  it, and saw a glimpse of his retreating back. Reception was at the other end 
  of the building, and there were plenty of people milling about. What was she 
  going to do next?

  Abruptly, she realised that she had more pressing concerns, because a number 
  of students were heading for the lecture room. The next lecture was just about 
  to start! She scurried back towards the cupboard, but realised that she didn’t 
  have the time to get there.

  There was only one alternative. The back row of the lecture theatre was split 
  by a large support beam. She ran along so that this was between her and the 
  door, and scrambled over the backs of the seats, just in time. She huddled 
  with her back against the beam: in this position, she should only be noticed 
  if someone looked along this half-row of seats.

  She had a nerve wracking few seconds, as the students took their places. A few 
  actually walked past her row without looking around. Eventually, they had all 
  settled into position, and the lecturer began speaking.

  Tanya closed her eyes and exhaled as quietly as she could. She still had 
  serious problems, but at least the immediate crisis had been averted. She 
  could hide in this spot and wait out the lecture.

  When she opened her eyes again, a young woman was standing over her, smiling. 


 
Part 2Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:1886.142.158.198

  Tanya almost yelped with alarm. Another student had arrived late for the 
  lecture! But she felt even worse when she recognised the student.

  It was Emily, who was in Tanya’s own tutor group. 18 years old, an elegant 
  brunette, she had been a major critic of her tutor almost from the first 
  lesson. Any time that she got a grade in a test that she wasn’t pleased with, 
  Emily decided that Tanya’s tutorship was to blame. Recently, she had been 
  making comments which plainly implied that she thought her tutor had only got 
  her position because of her good looks. Now, chance had placed Tanya 
  completely at her mercy.

  She did nothing out of the ordinary at first, taking her place, bringing her 
  paper and pens from her bag, and beginning to take notes. Just when Tanya was 
  daring to hope that she had misjudged the younger woman, a scrap of paper with 
  something written on it was passed over to her.

  The message read: “Take off your shirt and give it to me. Or else”.

  Emily wanted her to expose herself still further. The only other option was to 
  let the student point her out to everyone. She had a slight preference for the 
  first option on the face of it, but what if Emily just kept on ordering her to 
  strip, until she was naked? Perhaps she should stand up now while she was 
  still half decently clad.

  The brunette seemed to guess what she was thinking, because another note 
  appeared: “I won’t ask you to take anything else off”.

  Could she trust Emily? The young woman was a spoilt brat, but was she a liar? 
  She considered her psychology. Emily seemed to think of the world as a story 
  in which she was the heroine: if she lied outright, it would be hard to 
  maintain that high opinion of herself.

  Before she could change her mind, she worked off her shirt and passed it to 
  the other woman, who instantly stuffed it into her bag. Her bra, large by 
  necessity, had the same design of yellow flowers on a pink background as her 
  knickers, which were now her only other garment. Emily smiled at her, enjoying 
  her embarrassed state. Then she put her hand up to get the lecturers’ 
  attention.

  Tanya could only look on in terror, but Emily merely asked some trivial 
  question about the subject, and thanked the man for his response. She grinned 
  at her tutor, pleased with herself for tricking her. Then she spent several 
  minutes simply writing more notes. Tanya, struggling to maintain her 
  composure, was just starting to think that her student may be finished with 
  her when another note appeared.

  This one read: “Turn around, get on all fours and stick your bum up in the 
  air”.

  Tanya was confused. Was she going to be spanked? Surely that would make too 
  much noise. But she didn’t have much choice. She did as instructed, thrusting 
  her bottom towards Emily. Bending over like this made her buttocks both bigger 
  and tighter; it was truly a humiliating display. She glanced anxiously back 
  behind her to see what was going to happen next.

  Emily took a large blue marker pen from her bag, and Tanya had no doubts about 
  what was to happen next. She was surprised, however, when her student casually 
  reached over and yanked her bright knickers up into a wedgie, and had to stifle 
  a gasp.

  With much of the garment having slipped between her ample buttocks, she was 
  displaying almost all of her bottom to Emily. It was a large canvass, on which 
  the young woman could probably have had room to write an essay of reasonable 
  length, but her ambitions were rather more modest than that. Tanya felt her 
  scrawling two large words, and craning her head around was just about able to 
  make out the word “Bimbo” on her right buttock, and “Tart” on the left one. 
  Both were written in large, clear letters, and would take quite some time to 
  wash off, she guessed.

  Throughout the rest of the lecture, Emily glanced with delight at her 
  handiwork more than once. Tanya didn’t want to risk annoying her, so she held 
  the pose. As the lecture concluded, her student had one more surprise for her. 
  She reached into her bag and drew out a digital camera. While the other 
  students were making a lot of noise putting their notes and pens into their 
  bags, she snapped a quick photograph. Packing her own bag, she gave one more 
  triumphant grin to the unhappy Tanya, and then strode out of the lecture 
  theatre. Tanya was soon alone again. 



Part 3Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:2086.142.158.198

  She didn’t want to think about what had just happened for the moment, as she 
  had more pressing concerns. She was stuck in this room wearing only her 
  underwear, the only exit leading into a crowded corridor. Or was she? She 
  suddenly noticed a small door near the front of the lecture theatre. She 
  didn’t know where it went, but she found it to be unlocked and knew that she 
  had to give it a try.

  She stepped out anxiously into a small corridor, well aware of her exposure. 
  All seemed quiet, and she crept along while trying to think up a plan. 
  Obviously she needed to find a way out of this building. Then she could run 
  across a field and reach her house at the edge of the campus. She had a key 
  hidden outside and could use it to let herself in.

  If she could just find a window, then she could clamber out through that. 
  Instead, the corridor brought her to a door, which she cautiously opened.

  She found herself in a small room dominated by a water tank, which provided 
  heat for the building. There was a desk, a mirror and some chairs, but 
  otherwise the room was sparse. The only other exit was a door in the opposite 
  wall … from behind which, she now heard voices.

  Someone was coming! She looked frantically around for a hiding place, and soon 
  found that the space underneath the tank was the only available option. She 
  scrambled into position just as the door opened, but there was barely room. 
  Her large bottom proved a tight squeeze, and she felt her knickers slip to mid 
  thigh as she pulled herself along.

  Two men entered, janitors presumably, and started some discussion about their 
  work. Tanya wasn’t concentrating much on their talk, because she had more 
  pressing concerns.

  The tank was switched on, and it was giving off a lot of warmth. She was 
  sweating freely all over because of her close proximity to it, but while she 
  was able to at least keep most of her body from touching the hot metal, her 
  backside was pressed up firmly against it, and there was nothing she could do 
  about it.

  A scalding pain grew in her rear end, and she knew that she couldn’t stay in 
  that position for much longer. But the idea of scrambling out and showing 
  herself to the janitors was so unappealing that she hung on for a few more 
  desperate seconds. Just when it seemed like she could stand no more, the two 
  men abruptly left the room.

  Suppressing an exclamation of relief, she scrambled out the way that she had 
  come, leapt to her feet and clutched at her throbbing bottom with both hands. 
  She was afraid to make any sort of noise that might bring the janitors back, 
  and let out only the occasional squeak as she danced from foot to foot. 
  Catching a glimpse of herself in the mirror, she realised that she was quite a 
  sight. She was sweating all over, and dirty as well; she seemed to have picked 
  up a fair amount of grime and dust. Her breasts were bouncing in her bra, with 
  both nipples periodically peeking into view. Her knickers were rolled up around 
  her thighs, and the curls of her rather thick coppery pubic hair were exposed. 
  Turning around, she found that her hands were covering only parts of her 
  buttocks, which were shining like searchlights; she half suspected that they 
  might glow in the dark. It was many minutes before she regained enough calm to 
  think about her next move. Even then, she found that pulling her knickers back 
  into position hurt her backside, so she left them at mid-thigh for the moment.

  When she was eventually ready to leave the room, she encountered another 
  surprise. For reasons she could not guess at, the janitors had locked both 
  doors. She was trapped! Was she going to have to call for help?

  But then she noticed something of interest. A large square tile was missing 
  from the ceiling. Might she leave that way?

  She was certainly willing to try. She used the chairs and desk to get high 
  enough to reach the opening, and then managed to hoist her self upwards, with 
  a bit of straining.

  Looking around, she found herself in a space that was narrow without being 
  cramped. This was like another room in many ways, with the wooden squares that 
  had been the ceiling now representing her floor. The only exit was a 
  rectangular opening in one wall, and she made her way towards that, carefully 
  testing each square to make sure that it could support her weight. The squares 
  were unusually strong for ceiling tiles, and just about did the job.

  Arriving at the opening, she found that it lead into a squarish, metallic 
  airshaft. She clambered inside and felt fresh air washing over her. She turned 
  over and pressed her round bottom firmly against the cool metal of the shaft. 
  Soothing cold shot through her buttocks, and she even smiled slightly as she 
  felt the pain fading away. After a few restful minutes, she was ready to do 
  some exploring.

  The air shafts proved to be a rather elaborate network. They stretched out 
  before her like something out of a suspense movie. There were numerous exits 
  that would take her to rooms or corridors, but she had to get over to a side 
  of the building first. It was difficult to get her bearings in this strange 
  environment, but she set off in what she thought was the right direction.



Part 4Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:2186.142.158.198

  As she went along, she passed many large fans that were whirling around behind 
  grills, providing the cool air. It was quite soothing, but after a while she 
  found herself in a short stretch of the shaft, with a fan pointing right at 
  her. She had to really make an effort to move against the wind which was being 
  directed at her. Her hair was whipping about all over the place, and she was 
  sufficiently distracted that she didn’t notice her knickers being blown off 
  until she felt them slipping past her ankles.

  Turning, she saw the bright garment go shooting back along the shaft, and 
  slipping through a grill at the other end. The grill was firmly fixed, and she 
  wouldn’t be able to get it off without a screwdriver.

  She turned back, and managed to turn a corner away from the full force of the 
  fan. She almost laughed when she saw that her bra had been blown off her 
  breasts, which were now swinging freely. As she rearranged her remaining 
  article of clothing to cover her broad nipples, she considered her situation. 
  Really, it hadn’t changed all that much. If she could get back to her house 
  without encountering anyone, then it wouldn’t matter whether she was wearing 
  her underwear or was stark naked. Now she just had a little more incentive not 
  to get caught.

  She set off again, and eventually found herself at an entrance into the space 
  above a room. This one had voices coming from it: the voices of one of her 
  tutorial groups.

  She had almost forgotten that she was meant to be taking a class right now! 
  Her first impulse was to find another way, but then it occurred to her that 
  there was a room just next door to her classroom which was always empty. If 
  she could get to that, than she could easily clamber out through a window. The 
  only problem was that she would have to go across the ceiling above her 
  tutorial group to get there.

  Before she could have second thoughts, she set off. She was careful, of 
  course, to test each ceiling tile carefully before putting her weight on to 
  it, and to move slowly so as not to make too much noise. She heard the 
  students chatting in the class room, and wondered whether Emily had showed up. 
  The spoilt brat would be thrilled if her tutor came crashing through the 
  ceiling wearing only her bra. But she made it almost to the little space 
  between rooms without problems.

  Her eagerness got the better of her at this point. She didn’t properly test 
  the next tile before moving onto it, and it abruptly gave way. She shrieked, 
  but was able to grab the top of the wall. With a struggle, she pulled herself 
  upwards.

  While she was doing this, she heard excited shouts from the room. She knew 
  that every student in there would be looking at her ass: big, round, still 
  glowing a little from her encounter with the tank, and sporting Emily’s 
  graffiti. She suspected that she was giving them a few flashes of her private 
  parts as she struggled up the wall, as well. Eventually, she was able to roll 
  forwards onto the first tile above the next room … which promptly gave way as 
  well.

  She shouted in alarm as she fell into the room and landed hard on her backside 
  – as if enough hadn’t happened to her bottom already that day. But she had no 
  time to nurse her wounds, because the students would be rushing into this room 
  at any second. Looking around, she found the room empty, as expected. There 
  were two doors, one closed and one open. But most importantly, there was an 
  open window right next to her, which she was through in a flash. She found 
  herself in a little area of trees which had been grown to make the campus a 
  more attractive place. She got behind some cover and looked back to see the 
  students rushing into the room that she had just left.

  She had had a bit of luck, she realised. She had knocked the window closed in 
  going through it, and there was another door which was open; the students 
  assumed that she had gone that way. She noticed the grinning Emily amongst 
  them, but could afford to forget about her for the moment. She had a chance 
  get safely back to her house.

  It was raining outside, which surprised her somewhat but was most welcome as 
  it meant that not many people would be about. She eased herself through the 
  trees and bushes until she was looking across a field to her house, about 200 
  yards away. The coast was almost clear. There was only a small group of people 
  dashing through the rain, perpendicular to the path that she would need to 
  take.

  As she waited for them to pass, she rubbed herself clean with rain water. It 
  felt great to get rid of the accumulated grime of her experience. Rubbing her 
  backside had little effect on the writing, but did restore it more or less to 
  its original colour. Looking up, she found the coast clear. As she prepared to 
  make her dash for home, she suddenly felt quite daring and exhilarated. Almost 
  before she knew what she was doing, she had stripped off her bra and stashed 
  it between two bushes. Totally naked now, she ran out into the open.

  It was a thrilling experience. The wet grass felt great as it caressed her 
  bare feet, the rain soaked her all over, and she seemed almost to be in her 
  own world. She enjoyed the rhythm of her unfettered breasts and buttocks as 
  they bounced around in all their natural splendour. She felt liberated and 
  beautiful, and was almost disappointed to reach the fence of her back garden.

  Climbing swiftly over it, she retrieved her key and let herself in. Safely 
  back inside, she collapsed naked onto her couch, and let her fingers do a 
  little exploring as she relived her experience.

  Later that day, she set about trying to cover her trail. She rang up Professor 
  Nuttsfield, and said that she had had to go home with a sudden headache, and 
  that she was sorry that she had forgotten to cancel her class first. He 
  accepted her explanation easily enough. She spent the evening scrubbing away 
  at the insulting words that Emily had scrawled on her buttocks, and eventually 
  her backside was as pale and unblemished as usual. Then, at night time, she 
  went on an expedition to retrieve her clothing.

  She didn’t want to have to ask reception directly for her dress, but 
  fortunately, it was one of the areas of the building that she had keys for, so 
  she could retrieve it by herself. She got her bra back from the bushes, and 
  even climbed back into the air shafts with a screwdriver to recover her 
  knickers: she didn’t much like the idea of leaving her underwear lying about 
  the place. As an extra bonus, she remembered discarding her shoes and socks 
  against a wall of the English building, and found them still there. 

  There was plenty of talk about the almost naked woman who had been seen by a 
  tutorial group around the college in the next few days. Most of the evidence 
  pointing towards her being that woman had been taken care of, but there was a 
  rather significant loose thread. Emily knew exactly what had happened, and had 
  a picture to prove it.

  As the weeks following the incident turned into months, Emily did nothing out 
  of the ordinary. She attended Tanya’s classes, and subtly insulted her 
  tutoring skills as usual. It was as if nothing had happened. But Tanya guessed 
  that she was merely awaiting the right moment to make her move …



Part 5Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:2286.142.158.198

  Nearly a year had passed before the inevitable happened. Tanya came home one 
  day to find an envelope awaiting her. There were two large pictures and a 
  message inside.

  The first picture was just as she had expected: a copy of the one that Emily 
  had taken of her in the lecture theatre. It showed her on her hands and knees, 
  clad in her pink and yellow underwear, with her backside thrust upwards. The 
  words “tart” and “bimbo” were clearly readable on her buttocks. The picture 
  also showed her face, so there was no denying that it was of her.

  The second picture was a surprise: a close up shot of her naked bottom. She 
  was momentarily confused, before she realised that Emily must have taken this 
  one when she had crashed through the classroom ceiling. She had evidently used 
  the zoom on her camera, and had managed to get a detailed and nicely framed 
  picture. Her buttocks, sporting their familiar graffiti and glowing a little 
  from her earlier experience, dominated the picture. However, they were spread 
  apart so as to show her pussy as well, framed by her coppery pubic hair. She 
  had opened up a little: her inner labia could be seen, and her clitoris, which 
  always protruded slightly beyond her hood, could also be glimpsed. Even her 
  anus was on display. Of course, the writing on her bottom, taken together with 
  the other picture, conclusively showed that this picture was of her. If the 
  two snaps were released onto the internet, she would be utterly humiliated, 
  and sacked from her job soon enough.

  The message read: “I thought I had better give you a hint of what will happen 
  if you don’t do as I say, hence the pictures. The two of us will meet up 
  outside the English building on Friday, at 4am. Thanks to your inept 
  tutorship, I’m behind with my grades, and need a top score on next week’s 
  test. The two of us are going to sneak into Professor Nuttsfield’s office and 
  take a look at his answer guide. Make sure that you acquire all the keys we 
  need. Get this right and I may get rid of those pictures. – Emily”.

  Tanya considered. She wasn’t at all confident that Emily wouldn’t keep on 
  making her do things like this. She needed a way to break her student’s hold 
  over her … and she knew just how to do it.

  Just after 4am on the Friday, the two women met up by the building. They had 
  both slept a little before hand, and were ready for action. It was exactly a 
  year ago, at this very time, that Tanya had been stumbling drunkenly about the 
  campus, about to get herself in a lot of trouble.

  There was no one else about, but Emily drew her tutor to one side of the 
  building, a little bit away from the lights which lit the walkways of the 
  campus. The younger woman had dressed in tight jeans and a blue shirt for the 
  occasion.

  “I’m so glad that you could make it,” she said with a smile. “First things 
  first; a little rule. You will address me as “miss” throughout our little 
  escapade, and obey my instructions without question. Do you understand?”

  “Yes, miss”, mumbled Tanya.

  “Very good. Now, take off your clothes.”

  Tanya had been expecting something like this, but she wanted Emily to believe 
  that she was one step ahead of her, so she feigned surprise and made a show of 
  being reluctant as she stripped. Before doing so, she put the professor’s keys 
  on the ground: she had actually managed to pickpocket them from him earlier 
  that day. Soon, she was standing naked before her student. Her appearance at 
  29 was much as it had been at 28, with one major difference. Ever since her 
  streak, she had been feeling much more confident about her body, and had taken 
  to sunbathing on her roof in the nude. The result was an impressive all over 
  tan.

  Emily was regarding her with amusement, but with something else as well. There 
  was an intensity about the way she was looking at her: Tanya knew that she had 
  had boyfriends, but guessed that she was bisexual. She suspected, however, 
  that Emily herself did not realise that. Tanya was covering her breasts and 
  pussy with her hands and arms, but not for long.

  “Hands at your sides, no covering up”. She did as she was told.

  The younger woman reached forwards and bounced her bare tits a little. She 
  nodded in approval.

  “Very impressive. I wouldn’t mind if mine were like this. But of course, it 
  was these that got you your job, wasn’t it?”

  “Yes, miss”.

  “You prefer the natural look when it comes to pubic hair, I see. Personally, I 
  like to keep myself a bit better groomed, but to each their own.” She then 
  gestured for Tanya to turn around by twirling a finger. She laughed out loud 
  as her tutor’s large tan buttocks were presented to her.

  “What a bum! I’d forgotten how massive it really is. I’m impressed that you 
  can fit through doorways!” She gave Tanya’s bottom a few playful spanks, and 
  giggled as it swayed from side to side.

  Tanya had to struggle hard to restrain herself. Her new found confidence in 
  her body had led her to actually rather enjoy her status as a callipygian 
  woman, but having this spoilt brat treating her backside like a new toy was 
  hardly acceptable. While she was not particularly strong, her rival was a 
  pretty weedy looking woman, and Tanya felt pretty confident that she could 
  beat her in a fight right now. But what would that accomplish?? Clobbering her 
  taunter might feel good for a moment, but the pictures would be on the 
  internet the next morning. No, she had to wait for her moment.



Part 6Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:2386.142.158.198

  Emily abruptly ordered her to get moving. She picked up the keys herself as 
  they walked to the front entrance.

  “I’d better carry these. If you need to use your hands for something, you’d 
  have nowhere to stick them. Well, I suppose that a couple of places spring to 
  mind!” Chuckling at her joke, she gave Tanya a couple of pinches on the 
  backside. Tanya said nothing: she kept her head bowed in mock defeat and 
  prepared herself to make her move.

  They used the keys to open the building, and then went up some stairs to reach 
  the professor’s office. Unlocking it, Emily ordered her naked tutor to stand 
  guard while she searched the place.

  “Now, where might that nutty professor keep his answer guides?”

  “They’re in that cupboard over there, miss” said Tanya truthfully, stepping 
  into the room and pointing.

  “Why, thank you. It took you nearly two years, but at last you give me some 
  useful advice”.

  As Emily reached eagerly into the cupboard, Tanya made her move. Earlier on 
  that day, she had managed to sneak into the office and conceal a small digital 
  camera amongst the papers on the professor’s desk. Now, she grabbed it, 
  pointed it at Emily, and gave a sharp whistle. Emily automatically looked 
  around at the noise, and Tanya took a picture of her; a most incriminating 
  picture, clearly showing the student’s face as she grasped the answer 
  guidelines. Emily was totally surprised by this turn of events, and stood 
  there with her mouth comically open.

  “Now the tables are turned”, said Tanya decisively. “I’ve got you right where 
  I want you: if you don’t do exactly as I say, then I can see to it that you’re 
  never allowed in any University again”.

  “You won’t dare to release those pictures while I’ve still got mine of you!” 
  returned Emily, but her voice trembled slightly, and she didn’t sound entirely 
  convinced.

  “I would rather those pictures came out than go on any longer with you having 
  this hold over me.” While Tanya wasn’t entirely sure whether that was the 
  truth or not, she looked her rival firmly in the eyes and said it with total 
  conviction. There was a brief battle of wills, before the weaker willed of the 
  two women was defeated.

  “All right!” said Emily in frustration. “Please don’t show anyone that 
  picture; I couldn’t stand my friends knowing that I was a cheat. You can put 
  your clothes back on, and I will delete those snaps of you.”

  “I will decide what you will and will not do,” responded Tanya in a voice like 
  granite. “Firstly, let’s even things up a bit. Take off your clothes”.

  Emily looked appalled, and her mouth opened in protest. Tanya was implacable.

  “If you aren’t as naked as I am in the next minute, then I won’t give you 
  another chance”.

  That got Emily moving. The brunette slipped off her shoes and socks at high 
  speed, and her tight jeans and shirt soon followed. Clad in only her white bra 
  and a matching thong, she looked hopefully at her tutor, but the older woman 
  simply stood with her hands on her hips and waited for the strip to continue. 
  Sniffling slightly with tears, she removed her underwear with trembling 
  fingers, and stood there stark naked, covering up as best she could.

  “Hands at your sides, no covering up”, said Tanya, mockingly echoing Emily’s 
  words from earlier. The young woman resignedly put her hands at her hips, and 
  Tanya appraised her. Her delicate facial features matched the rest of her 
  body, really. She had pale skin, and was rather thin; by no means anorexic, 
  but she must do almost no exercising, and she seemed to have very little 
  muscle about any part of her body. A weakling both psychologically and 
  physically, she decided. Her breasts were also rather small, although they 
  were a pleasing enough shape. The pubic hair around her pussy was very short; 
  she must have shaved it fairly recently and it was only just growing back.

  Repeating Emily’s finger spinning gesture, she ordered her cringing student to 
  turn around. Regarding her rear view, she found more of the same. Her hips 
  were not especially broad, and her bottom was quite small for a woman, but it 
  was still very feminine; curvy and soft, adjectives which could also be used 
  to describe her whole body.

  She now turned her attention to the young woman’s clothes. Her plan had been 
  to put these on herself, but she soon realised that that wasn’t practical. The 
  jeans and the shirt were both too small for her to squeeze into, and the bra 
  couldn’t come close to holding her much larger breasts. The thong was 
  stretchable, and she might have put that on, but it had been small even for 
  Emily. Tanya was honest enough to acknowledge that it would simply slip into 
  the crack of her much larger backside and give her more annoyance than 
  coverage.

  Should she go back outside and retrieve her clothes? She didn’t have unlimited 
  time, and preferred to get on with what she wanted to do. Being fully clothed 
  while the other woman was naked helped to increase her dominance of her, but 
  she realised that even with both of them nude, there was no doubt as to who 
  was in charge. Emily was openly crying now, and looked totally defeated. Tanya 
  silently congratulated herself on taking her own recent experiences with 
  substantially more character. She put all of her clothes into her bag, and 
  opened a window.

  “W-Wh-What are you doing?” stammered the student, turning around in alarm.

  “You can get them later … if you do as I say”. She dropped the bag out of the 
  window without hesitation, and walked back over to the other woman. “We’re 
  going to go for a little walk. You walk ahead of me, and follow my 
directions”.

  “Where are we going?”

  “Never you mind about that. Just get walking.” She abruptly gave Emily’s 
  little backside a sharp slap. “Move!”


Part 7Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:2486.142.158.198

  With a yelp, the student started forwards. Tanya directed her through the 
  door, and along several corridors. They made for a strange pairing as they 
  walked; it was doubtful whether this building had ever witnessed a stranger 
  sight than these two very different women wandering through it in all their 
  nude glory. There was Tanya; with copper hair and tan skin, large breasts and 
  larger bum swaying as she walked with her head held high. Ahead of her was 
  Emily; brunette curls and pale skin, her smaller tits and backside merely 
  jiggling, creeping nervously along the corridors, as if she expected to meet a 
  crowd of people at any moment.

  Tanya had brought both her camera and the keys along with her; she used the 
  latter when they had reached the computer room, and in they went. She turned 
  on the power, and started up a computer. When it was ready, she told her 
  student to delete the pictures from her personal files. Emily did so at once, 
  which aroused her suspicions.

  “Do you have other copies of these? On your computer at home, perhaps?”

  “ … No.” But she had hesitated for too long before saying it. “All right, all 
  right: yes. I can delete them as soon as I get back”.

  “I’m afraid that I just don’t find you very trustworthy at the moment. But I 
  have an alternative.” She brought the camera up and snapped a picture of the 
  naked student. “As long as we both have these embarrassing pictures of each 
  other, we can enjoy a stalemate. Now, pose exactly as I tell you to …”

  Brushing off Emily’s complaints that she only had two pictures of her tutor, 
  Tanya proceeded to take a number of photos. From behind and in front, spread 
  wide and bending over, the by now sobbing young woman was made to strike a 
  number of poses which left little to the imagination. With enough material to 
  launch an adult website or two collected, Emily connected the camera to the 
  computer, and set about saving the pictures. She had just finished sending a 
  copy of the pictures by email to her home computer, when they both heard 
  voices coming from outside.

  Suddenly reminded of their exposure, the two naked women rushed to a window, 
  and saw a couple of janitors outside; the same two, in fact, who had nearly 
  caught Tanya in the act a year ago. She had lost track of time; it was nearly 
  morning and they had turned up to begin their duties for the day.

  While the prospect of being caught was a concern, both women were more 
  bothered by what the men were holding. One of them had the bag with Emily’s 
  clothes in it, while the other was holding Tanya’s bundle of clothing, which 
  he put into the same bag as they watched. Grumbling about student pranks and 
  saying something about handing in the bag at lost property later, the janitors 
  entered the building.

  Tanya felt a strange calm come over her, as she planned out what they would 
  have to do. She moved back to the computer quickly, but without panic.

  “What are you doing?!” wailed Emily. “We have to get out now”!!

  “Shut up, and try and think a little. We have to leave this room exactly as we 
  found it. Otherwise, people will guess that someone was using this room 
  without permission. They can find out that it was us with an audit trail, and 
  we could be in a lot of trouble. But you go on ahead if you like.”

  Unsurprisingly, the younger woman didn’t dare to venture out alone. She paced 
  nervously about the room while Tanya took care of matters. After what seemed 
  like hours but was less than five minutes, she was locking the door and they 
  were ready to go. She took a moment to put the keys and the camera in a 
  cupboard of a nearby classroom, where they should be safe until she could 
  collect them tomorrow. Then the two women made their way furtively to the 
  stairs, every impact of their bare feet on the floor seeming to echo around 
  them as they listened for the janitors.

  Reaching the ground floor, they heard voices nearby. Peering around a corner, 
  they saw the men; both middle aged, one tall and one stocky. They were near 
  the main entrance, cleaning the floor. They couldn’t reach another part of the 
  ground floor, because they didn’t have the right keys, but there was no way 
  that they could sneak past the men.

  The two nude women exchanged glances, and Tanya pointed to a classroom door 
  which faced them. To reach it, they would have to step across a broad 
  corridor, fully exposed to the janitors if they were looking in their 
  direction. But if they got into that classroom, they could escape the building 
  through a window, and make their way across the field to Tanya’s house.

  Emily shook her head, and looked terrified. But Tanya had had just about 
  enough of her panicking; they were, after all, in this position because of 
  her. If she wouldn’t follow then she could find her own way home.

  Seeing that the men were momentarily looking the other way, she gave her 
  trembling companion a firm slap on the behind to try to get her moving, then 
  sprang forwards across the corridor. A few swift steps brought her to the 
  class room door … which was firmly locked.

  Almost without hesitation, she switched direction and tried the nearest other 
  door, which swung inwards obligingly. But the momentary delay had been too 
  much; she heard exclamations behind her as she charged into the room. Now she 
  would have to be quick, to get out before the men reached the room. She was at 
  the window in seconds, and swinging it open. She almost screamed when she 
  noticed someone behind her, but it was only Emily, who had followed her after 
  all.

  With little dignity but plenty of speed, she scrambled through the window, and 
  then turned as Emily tried to do the same. But the weedy woman got stuck half 
  way across, arms and legs flailing wildly as she tried to get purchase, her 
  backside sticking straight up in the air.

  Looking past her companion, Tanya saw the door open, and the two men burst 
  into the room. Unsurprisingly, they stopped in their tracks, their gazes drawn 
  to the wriggling buttocks and exposed privates of the panicking student. 



Part 8Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:2686.142.158.198

  Tanya had a choice to make: she could shove Emily back into the room, and that 
  would provide more than enough distraction for her to make her getaway. Just 
  leaving her struggling where she was would accomplish the same thing. But she 
  couldn’t quite bring herself to do it. Reaching upwards, she pulled the 
  smaller woman roughly through. The two tumbled on the grass for a moment, then 
  scrambled up and raced along the wall, faces turned away from the building so 
  that they could not be recognised. The janitors arrived at the window just in 
  time to catch a brief (but welcome) glimpse of two bare and highly feminine 
  bottoms before the women turned around the corner of the building.

  They went around another corner, and then made the familiar 200 yard dash 
  across the grass. Even though her bouncing breasts and buttocks slowed her 
  significantly, Tanya was in better shape and soon pulled ahead. As she had 
  done a year ago, she found the experience exhilarating and thrilling. There 
  was no rain this time, but an early morning breeze swirled around her, 
  caressing her naked skin. All the worries and concerns of the past few days 
  retreated, as she gloried in the freedom of the experience.

  She might have enjoyed it even more, if not for Emily whining behind her. She 
  complained of having a stitch, between gasps for air, and told her tutor to 
  run slower. But Tanya had no intention of doing so. She reached the fence well 
  ahead of the other woman, scrambled over it quickly and sprinted to her back 
  door. She opened this, and stepped inside. Of course, she had an impulse to 
  close the door and shut the annoying brat outside, but she had other plans for 
  Emily. She left it open and jogged upstairs.

  It took quite a while for the nude student to stagger up to the fence, 
  scramble clumsily over it, and reach the back door. She collapsed as she 
  entered the house, and lay on her back, exhausted. After a while, she saw 
  Tanya walk past her to the door and shut it. The other woman was now fully 
  clothed.

  Even while they had both been naked, Tanya had dominated Emily with her 
  stronger personality. Now, crouching nude and exhausted in the house of her 
  respectably attired tutor, the younger woman felt even more meek and helpless.

  “Give me something to wear”, she said, in a voice that she tried to make a 
  strong command but which sounded timid and weak even to her ears.

  “Follow me,” responded Tanya, her face unreadable, and she walked away, 
  heading for her living room. Hopeful that she would be given some clothes, 
  Emily obeyed. Once they were both in the room, Tanya seated herself and almost 
  casually pulled Emily across her lap.

  “What are you doing?” gasped the student in alarm.

  “Fairly obvious I would think. I’m going to give you a spanking.”

  “But I’m 19!!”

  “Then this should have been done a long time ago. You have got to learn to 
  take some responsibility for your actions; no more blaming other people. You 
  might have got us into a lot of trouble today, and now you’re going to be 
  punished.”

  “No, no, I’m sorry! You’re right, I won’t do it again! I’ve been a spoilt 
  brat; I should never have blamed you for my mistakes. I won’t do it again!”

  Tanya smiled. The younger woman was babbling, trying to say anything to avoid 
  her spanking, but she wouldn’t truly learn her lesson unless she received it. 
  She placed a hand on the student’s round, pale bottom, which was upturned in 
  her lap. It felt as soft as it looked. Then she began to firmly spank her 
  rival.

  Emily screamed as the first few blows landed, and had to be told that her 
  punishment would only go on for longer if she didn’t keep quiet. Thereafter, 
  she sobbed and yelped from time to time, but it was nothing that would bring 
  the neighbours around, so Tanya let it go.

  As she warmed her students’ backside, she felt the faintest tinglings of 
  arousal. She was pretty much totally straight, but this rather extreme 
  situation was having some effect. But this was as nothing next to the young 
  woman laid across her lap. Her suspicions of bisexuality were all but 
  confirmed by Emily’s plain arousal. Her pussy had flowered open, her inner 
  labia pushing outwards; her hardened clitoris was plainly visible, and she was 
  so wet that it was actually dripping onto the carpet.

  A new plan struck Tanya, and she pulled the confused young woman to her feet. 
  She stood there breathing heavily, pinkish spots visible around her breasts, 
  face, hands and numerous other places. She was obviously very close to orgasm. 
  Her hands hovered around her pussy as if she was struggling to keep from 
  finishing the job. It was hard to believe that this was the same woman who had 
  been giving her orders not so long ago.

  Stepping behind her, Tanya smoothly gripped Emily’s right hand with her own 
  left hand, and brought it to her student’s back in an arm lock. Emily tried to 
  hit out at her with her left hand, but it was a token effort in truth. She 
  pushed the defeated young woman forwards at the waist a little, and, reaching 
  between her legs with her own right hand, she found her clitoris, and began 
  stroking it lightly. She was not going to allow Emily any way back from the 
  edge of orgasmic release.

  Emily moved to pull away, and Tanya was able to steer her through the house, 
  towards the front door. The helpless young woman abruptly realised that she 
  was to be put out into the street, stark naked. Her arousal was making it 
  difficult for her to think straight at this point, but she managed to gasp out 
  a few words.

  “No … not naked … give me something to wear … anything …”

  “Anything?” Tanya grabbed a broad brimmed hat from a stand by the door, and 
  placed it on the hapless student’s head. “Happy now?”

  She opened the door, and then gave Emily’s throbbing pussy a few hard rubs: 
  more than enough to send her over the edge, she judged. She shoved her through 
  the door and slammed it behind her. The young woman’s juices were flowing 
  before she even hit the floor.

  None of Emily’s previous orgasms had prepared her for anything like this. It 
  seemed to go on forever, in wave after wave. She moaned unashamedly, not 
  caring where she was for the moment. When the effects of it started to fade, 
  she took stock of her situation.

  There was very little space between Tanya’s front door and the paving stones. 
  She was lying on her back on the pavement, nude save for the hat, with her 
  legs spread wide apart, and both hands thrust into her pussy. She was being 
  watched with amazement, by several students on their way to the university for 
  the morning’s lectures, including one group who she knew.

  As humiliating as her situation was, there was one saving grace: the hat, 
  which Tanya had put on her for a joke, had tilted forwards and was hiding her 
  identity. The student house where she lived with a few others was not all that 
  far away; perhaps she could make it back there without people knowing who she 
  was?

  Scrambling unsteadily to her feet, she set off, holding the hat in place with 
  both hands. She was still exhausted from her earlier run, as well as her 
  orgasm. Weak kneed and bent forwards at the waist, she staggered through the 
  crowd. Their mood had by now changed from surprise to amusement, and found her 
  glowing backside - evidence of her recent spanking - particularly funny. Many 
  of them gave her spanks on the rear as she ran past them, but fortunately none 
  of them thought to knock her hat off. They would hardly have believed it to 
  find that the aloof young woman they knew from classes was the one scampering 
  almost naked through their midst now.

  Tanya watched from a window as her rival got past the main group of people and 
  continued on home. Then she turned away, no longer interested. She had to get 
  ready for next week’s tutorials, and she did so secure in the knowledge that 
  things would be different between her and her troublesome student from now on. 


Part 9Fri Jul 21, 2006 20:2686.142.158.198

  She was right. Emily made it home okay; numerous people saw her, but none 
  recognised her. She, too, had a key hidden outside to let herself in, and she 
  was able to creep to her room without meeting any of her house mates. She 
  spent most of the rest of that day nursing her spanked bottom, and providing 
  her privates with nursing of a different sort as she relived the events of the 
  day.

  She eventually got the courage to return to her lessons and tutorials, but 
  gave Tanya no more trouble. She was timid in the sessions, and much more open 
  to accepting criticism and advice. While she was never at the top of the 
  class, her grades improved and she eventually finished the course with a 
  respectable score. She also took with her a new found knowledge of her own 
  sexually submissive characteristics, and would have fun exploring those in the 
  future.

  Tanya had managed to retrieve the camera and keys without much difficulty, and 
  she sneaked the keys back into the professor’s pockets just before he unlocked 
  his door the next morning. The janitors, of course, were telling stories of 
  having seen a couple of lady streakers, but they didn’t know who they were. 
  She was in the clear.

  Emily’s new found docility in class really boosted Tanya’s confidence, and her 
  own performances improved: enough that she was one day made a full lecturer. 
  She, too, had found something out about herself, namely that she enjoyed the 
  thrill of streaking. She would often go to some secluded park or field, and 
  enjoy a nude dash through nature.

  She also started her own little tradition. For as long as she worked at the 
  university, she would clamber, stark naked, over her garden fence once per 
  year, and streak around the campus. She was marking the anniversary of two 
  days which, although quite frightening at the time, had changed her life for 
  the better.



