Prologue
Nestra was running, running hard. "Running hard towards what used to be." A line from a poem crazily echoed in her mind. Her lungs burned hotly and her legs felt as if they were mired in quicksand. Sweat poured from her forehead and her ebony skin glistened in the moonlight. Her jet-black braids were drenched and smacked against her back as she ran. Her cinnamon colored eyes were wide with terror. No matter how hard she ran, she didn't seem to be gaining any ground on her pursuer. She recognized a familiar laugh that cackled in her ears. But Nestra was baffled, that sound was in front of her. She pulled up suddenly and stopped. It was Callisto, her friend. Just then she turned around and behind her was Xena, the Warrior Princess. The fierce warrior arced her immense sword over Nestra's head and plunged it deep into her heart.

Nestra jumped awake with a start. Damnit to Hades, Xena again. Nestra sighed to herself. She took in a deep breath and re-positioned herself against her lover, Brissea, who slept fitfully at her side. She stared up into the coal black sky where the stars were strewn across the gods' empty landscape. Very little light illuminated the dense copse of trees that clustered near the stream. Their near fatal encounter with Xena had made Nestra's sleeping patterns erratic at best. It was all the two warrior women could do to get as far away from Xena as possible. Damn that Leica, Nestra cursed her friend who had been so stupid as to challenge the best warrior in the land. Nestra was a brave soul but she was no fool. She had tried to warn Leica just as she had tried to warn Callisto but both her friends were now dead at the hands of the frightening warrior.

For the past half moon, she rarely slept for more than a candlemark at a time. Frequently, she dreamt of Xena's giant sword pointed at her throat, her dazzling blue eyes blurred by bloodthirsty savagery. Eyes that had been void of compassion. Eyes that would have sliced her throat without a second thought if not for the sweet and innocent bard that somehow managed to keep Xena's temper under control. Frankly, she was quite amazed that the strawberry blonde had succeeded in stopping Xena from killing Nestra and Brissea back in the cave. Nevertheless, in her nightmares, Xena's sword gouged her throat every time.

Nestra turned on her side and held her lover more tightly. She knew Morpheus would not visit her for the rest of the night but just holding the woman in her arms was enough to momentarily allay her fears. She buried her face into Brissea's light brown hair, trying to think of anything but Xena. She failed. Her thoughts were heavy as she remembered the first time she had ever laid eyes on the Warrior Princess. It had been four winters past when she and Brissea had been one of Callisto's legions. It was a day she would never forget for as long as she lived.

Nestra was jolted out of her reverie by a sound in the dense woodlands. She urgently shook Brissea awake and leapt to her feet and automatically withdrew her sword from its scabbard. Brissea's eyes shot open and she quickly clambered to her feet, unsheathing her sword as well. A figure emerged from the trees. Her lemon colored hair cascaded around her shoulders, radiating in bright contrast against the dark cloak she wore.

"Good evening, ladies."

"Callisto!" both women gasped in unison.

"Were you going to kill me with those puny little swords?" she laughed. "Well, I have news for you. Not even Xena can kill me now!"

Chapter One
Callisto had been walking steadily for days making progress toward her intended goal. She supposed she could make use of a horse or other means of transportation, including a mere wave of her hand, but she wanted to savor every waking hour. Never before had she noticed the wonders of Gaia's green foliage, or the tender flowers that sprinkled the countryside. The smells that assaulted her seemed brand new, no matter if fair or foul. She absorbed every nuance as if it was the very first day she had ever walked on a dirt trail.

Every so often, the trail was marked by evidence of Xena's passing, accompanied by the little brat, of course. However, Callisto knew that nowhere was safe for the Warrior Princess. She tenaciously pursued Xena and Gabrielle just as fiercely as the Harpies hounded intruders into Hades' domain. Callisto turned her face up to meet the heat of Apollo's journey across the brilliant blue sky. It took her back to the fateful day when the destinies of she and Xena became inextricably intertwined and would be for all eternity. Tartarus or the Elysian Fields no longer made a difference. Callisto would follow Xena to the end of time.

She took a glimpse into her past and for as long as Callisto could remember, retribution against Xena had always been her mission. There had never been a time in Callisto's young life when she did not want the Warrior Princess to pay for the murders of her mother and sister. The fire that annihilated her tiny village was a mere ember in comparison to the searing inferno in her heart that snuffed out any light or compassion she might have known. Xena was to blame for that. The Callisto she knew was created on that black day so many winters ago when Xena's army swept through Cirra. And Callisto would spend the rest of her eternal life making sure the Warrior Princess never forgot it. Eternity was a long time, indeed, she thought.

Callisto smiled to herself as she realized she would have the pleasure of tormenting Xena for as long as her little heart desired. Poor Hephaestus was kind enough to grant her that honor. She reached into her pocket and fingered the necklace he had given her as a means to own her. But she had other plans for that necklace and was certain that it would look so charming around Xena's neck.

She thought of how Xena had supposedly changed her ways since she met the little brat. Callisto laughed derisively at Xena's misguided notion that she would be able to gain entrance into the Elysian Fields by turning her efforts to fighting for the greater good. She went over some of the deeds in her mind, unchaining Death, helping Ares get back his godhood, freeing Prometheus, releasing Cecrops from Poseidon's curse. She rolled her eyes and spat on the ground when she thought of that one. The former warlord was becoming a hopeless romantic in her old age. Must be the little brat's doing, Callisto mused. No matter, she sighed; none of those "good" deeds held a candle to the scars Xena left on Callisto's wicked soul. One lifetime for Xena would never be enough to claim redemption and Callisto was there to collect her debt in full.

Her introduction to the Warrior Princess would forever be a scar that wove a dark strand through the tapestry of her soul. She remembered it as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday. She was in the middle of her twelfth summer and she had been playing outside with Theodorus in the mid-day sun. A high cerulean sky betrayed no omen of what destruction would soon visit the sleepy village. Theodorus was her only playmate. Callisto liked him because he understood her and let her be in charge. Then, without warning, she heard the mighty roar of many horses as they rumbled through the village at breakneck speed. Above the din, she heard the battle cry of a fierce and angry woman. A warrior's cry. The Warrior Princess.

Callisto stood frozen amongst the carnage unable to move, her eyes and soul battered by the destructive acts that swirled around her. Miraculously she remained unscathed. She watched in horror as Xena's army annihilated the villagers she had known since she was a baby. Many of the townsmen were run through with huge metal swords. Arrows darted through the air and found their human targets. Blood gushed out of large gaping holes. Tresephus, the blacksmith, the man who occasionally let Callisto watch him forge tools for the town, was beheaded before her very eyes. She wanted to look away but her body betrayed her and she remained glued to the grimy earth that flowed freely with bloody red rivulets.

And then the flames swept over them, devouring every hut and dwelling in its destructive path. No one would come out, as they were too fearful of Xena's army, too fearful of her wrath. They would rather face the scathing heat than Xena's sword. Callisto heard her mother and sister's screams above all else. Theodorus pleaded with her to run away but she couldn't. She wouldn't. It was a nightmare that was soon to end. She was certain of it. It had to be a dream. She didn't want to believe it was real. No god would be so cruel as to let the vision before her actually happen. She cursed Morpheus for not allowing her to awaken from such a horrific nightmare.

Then Callisto saw her. A powerful woman warlord in warrior garb. She wore black leather, cold armor, a sword, and a round metal weapon. Fear, awe, respect, and admiration commingled with Callisto's deepening hatred. The ruthless warrior was the cause of her demolished home and the anguished cries of her family. Xena trotted up on her horse and surveyed the smoldering ashes. Callisto had but one question for the Warrior Princess.

"Why?"

Xena barely registered a passing glance at the young girl. She began to shout orders at her men to collect the spoils of the village or what was left of it. And without a backward glance, Xena stormed out of the hamlet as suddenly as she came. Callisto never got an answer to her simple question.

Several candlemarks after Xena's army trailed a cloud of dust out of Cirra, Callisto remained crumpled on the ground with her face buried in her arms. Her arms hugged her knees tightly as she rocked herself back and forth. Her eyes were clamped shut but still she saw heads and body parts sliced into oblivion.

When she paused to look up on occasion, she did not see the few survivors that prayed to the gods for mercy. Nor did she hear their moaning wails for help. Neither did she hear Theodorus' pleas to leave. The only sensation that registered was numbness. She prayed to any god that listened to wake her from this nightmare but they only answered her with silence.

As Apollo's chariot made its descent over the horizon, she became vaguely aware that a hand had been shaking her for some time and that a voice was attached to it.

"Callisto!" Theodorus shouted in panicky bellows. She turned to look at him for what seemed like the first time that day. She noted the sheer horror reflected in his eyes and realized his eyes were not only a mirror to his soul but to hers as well.

"Callisto! What are we going to do? Callisto!"

Do? Callisto wondered. She would go get her mother. Yes. Mama would know what to do. She rose to her feet.

"Theodorus, we'll have to ask Mama." She started to walk towards the spot where her dwelling had once been. Theodorus grabbed her by the arm.

"She's dead, Callisto!" he cried in anguish. "Everybody's dead except us!" Callisto ripped her arm away from his grasp and ran toward the place where her hut should have been. She searched the smoking remains for her mother. Two burnt bodies clung together, blackened by the flames. Callisto imagined the scene of their final desperate moments and squeezed her eyes shut to block it out. She didn't succeed.

She slowly turned to face Theodorus as she plainly came to the realization that this day's atrocities had been real. A mask blanketed her features as all emotion drained from her soul. A faraway gleam clouded her eyes and in that moment, Callisto knew her life would be changed forever. She vowed to herself that Xena would live to regret this day for the rest of her entire life.