Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Day Of No Triffids
Part: Chapter 2
Summary: In a world gone blind a few remaining sighted
         must try to preserve what they can but how
         will just 6 men manage to keep 400 women happy?
Keywords: mf, first, oral, inc (cousins), rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2003

      *********************************************
      *                 WARNING!                  *
      * This text file contains sexually explicit *
      * material. If you do not wish to read this *
      * type of literature, or you are under age, *
      *      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
      *********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

*** August 28, 6:00 pm - Len

Sixty of the women gathered in the first round up elected 
to stay and a further 12 joined them after having their 
special circumstances considered, regardless of whether 
they were accepted or not.  5 refused immediately and 
these were joined by another 7 whose circumstances were 
rejected.

The second round up went much better since it involved 
the women and girls on the six "specials" lists.  There 
were a few they couldn't find and a couple that wouldn't 
leave loved ones behind but the rest, 73 including a few 
sisters, friends and neighbours, knew what they were 
signing up for when they got onto the buses.

Seth brought back another 28 after dropping off most of 
the former occupants of the school they were using as a 
base.

-----

Deborah finally got a break and joined Nancy when Len 
drove the coach back to the hospital.  The women who 
refused to join them were almost all red-eyed although 
the weeping over their fates had dried up some hours 
earlier.

Now it was time for them to return to their workplace and 
they felt like condemned prisoners on Death Row.

One collapsed at the steps of the bus and had to be 
carried inside.  Another stopped Len and got him to take 
her to one side.  He recognised her from the earlier 
question time.

"What can I do for you Debra?"

"I want to ask a favour of you and if you have any 
humanity in you I know you will say 'Yes'."

"What is it?"

"These people are going to die a lingering death and you 
are going to leave them to it, aren't you?"

"I wish I could do otherwise.  I would save more if 
possible, and not just women, but there are only the 8 of 
us and we may end up losing some people we have now."

"I'm not talking about those you can save.  I realise 
your limitations and, believe it or not I appreciate your 
efforts and motives and I hope you succeed.  I'm talking 
about the ones you have to leave behind.  They deserve 
better than to wallow in their own filth until they die 
of starvation.  I know they won't live but they can die 
peacefully."

"Oh"  Len looked at the woman.  "What do you want me to 
do?"

"There are a number of drugs that can be used in 
combination or by injection.  In some cases simply 
injecting air into a blood vessel would work.  I want you 
to get supplies for me and I will do my last rounds of 
the wards."

Len couldn't help admiring the young doctor.  The horror 
of the situation she was proposing was nowhere near the 
imagined horrors he had experienced as he had passed 
through the wards earlier that day.  He was just glad he 
didn't have to do it.

"Come on then."

"Deb", he called to his sister.  Can you see if there are 
another 15 or 20 who want to come with us.  I've just got 
to go with this doctor and then we'll see about your 
lists."

"Okay Len."

Holding Debra's arm he retraced his footsteps to the 
abandoned dispensary.

"What do you want?"

Debra thought and began to list the drugs she wanted.

In small doses many were necessary medicines that were 
used to save lives and alleviate pain or disease.  In 
larger doses, or when combined with other drugs that 
enhanced their effect, they could produce actual death or 
a coma state that would allow the person to pass away 
without experiencing the long catabolic process as their 
body consumed itself in lieu of food until life was no 
more.

Len got Debra to explain their use and wrote down the 
details, putting samples aside while he collected them 
for her.  Bundling them separately into pillow cases he 
retrieved from an abandoned dirty laundry trolley Len 
scratched initials into plastic tags which he fastened to 
the makeshift bags.

Debra ran her fingers over them.  Yes, she could tell one 
from the other; it would suffice.

Len emptied out the trolley and put the sacks into it.  
Debra began pushing it down the corridor, occasionally 
banging into the wall as she followed the map of the 
hospital her memory painted on the back of unseen 
eyelids.

She got Len to add bottles of spring water from the 
cafeteria and gift shop and gave him a peck on the cheek.

"Goodbye and good luck."

"Do you want me to come back tomorrow to get you?"

"Do you think I could live with myself after tonight?"  
She turned and pushed the trolley down to the first ward, 
feeling along the doorway.

Len heard her greet the patients, "Hello.  I'm Dr Rosen 
and I've got some medication here that will soon have you 
fixed up."  He had tears in his own eyes as he turned 
back to the bus.  He hoped he didn't have to return here.



*** August 28, 11:55 pm - Michael

When his father had made his comment about his blind 
cousins and his sister having to be divvied up between 
the four sighted boys, Michael had taken it to heart.

His sister Ellen was too close to risk a deformed baby 
and there was NO WAY he was getting stuck with Stella 
especially as, at 16, she would probably be allocated to 
him if they were matched by age.

He didn't mind Karen, who at 20 had the curves and 
sophistication of an older woman, but preferred her 
sister Rachel even though she was still 15 and didn't 
have much of a figure.

They got on well when the families got together and had 
quite a few interests in common though he didn't think 
movies would be quite as popular in future.

Still he figured he might be better off presenting a fait 
accompli and get paired off with her before anyone else 
was aware of it.

Michael found her in a group with all the blinded members 
of their families.  She was sitting quietly to one side 
while the adults were talking, a little bored since she 
couldn't read or look around and was feeling rather 
lonely and frightened.

Michael sat down next to her.  "It's Michael.  How are 
you going?"

"Not very far I think.  What's it like out there?" 

Michael thought before answering.  "It's like driving 
around on a Sunday morning before anyone else is up.  We 
hear people calling out but I can't always see them and 
there's dogs barking but no sound of other traffic when 
we turn off the motor."

"It sounds spooky."

"It is when you hear people crying or shouting at each 
other.  I wish there was some way to help them."

"Well you're helping some."

"I know but some we talk too won't leave their parents or 
husbands and we can't take them; it gets really sad at 
times."

"Do you have to go out again tomorrow?"

"Yes.  We think we have only a couple more days before 
they start getting sick.  I also have to help get some 
more food and water.  I have to help here for a while 
too.  We are probably going to get a bit stinky for a 
couple of days until we can organise proper washing 
facilities."

"I could do with having my hair washed now.  It feels 
terrible."

"We might have to give everyone haircuts - how would you 
feel about looking like G I Jane?"

"It would be better than scratching my head all the 
time."

He whispered in her ear, "If you're quiet I might be able 
to organise some warm water.  I want to talk to you alone 
anyway."

Rachel nodded.

Michael stood and took her hand to help her up.  
"Rachel's just going with me for a while.  I'll see she's 
all right."

With his hand on her elbow he led her away.

In the room he had been allocated he sat his young cousin 
down on the bed while he went to check the situation in 
his bathroom.

The water was still flowing while the reservoir gave 
sufficient pressure but even without people using it 
there would eventually be leaks that could see the flow 
cease.  He would have to make a note to suggest they find 
an engineer with the water company who could suggest how 
to maintain it.

Similarly gas was still flowing from the big storage 
tanks, the floating cylindrical roof gradually dropping 
as a myriad of pilot lights and abandoned stoves wasted 
the precious commodity.  Perhaps they should look at 
cutting that off rather than wasting more?

The school however had an oil fuelled boiler and the 
caretaker, once identified, had earned his keep by 
explaining its use.  He pointed out its tank was almost 
full; while the water was flowing they could have hot 
water but logistics made it harder to give everyone 
access to it.

Michael returned to his cousin and sat next to her.

"Rachel I don't want to scare you and I definitely won't 
hurt you", he began.

Rachel tensed up, that sounded like the start of a scary 
"but ...".

"No.  Relax.  I'm serious.  I will not do anything 
without your okay but I do have to talk seriously with 
you and you have to make a decision."

"Okay, I think."

Michael proceeded to explain about the pairing of the 
cousins in the "greater scheme of things".

He concluded, "And so I just wanted you to know that I 
think you are the nicest of my cousins and I was hoping 
you would like to pair up with me.  You don't have to 
make a decision now but if you decide you do like me best 
it might be easier to show the others we are already 
together."

It was a big step for the young girl.

Michael continued, "I know I'm putting you under some 
pressure since you might say you like one of my brothers 
and then find they prefer someone else.  I won't hold it 
against you if you don't want to say yes now or even if 
you say no."

"No, that's not a problem.  I DO like you and I DON'T 
want David, though Peter is nice but he is more Karen's 
age.  Of you three I would rather be with you but no-one 
has said anything about this to me."

"People have been rather busy today.  Your Mum did 
explain how we have to get as many people together all 
having babies so we have enough people to survive didn't 
she?"

"Yes.  It's just they didn't talk about US being some of 
the people.  It's a bit of a shock though not as much as 
going blind."

Michael was a bit nervous now she had expressed a 
preference for him.  "So are you interested in getting 
together now or do you want to wait?"

"Right now?"

"Well I did promise to wash your hair.  If you like we 
could start by sharing a shower and see how it goes."

"I think I'd like that."

Michael stood and took his cousin into his arms, unaware 
his brother had performed a similar action only a few 
doors away.  He bent down and kissed her tenderly and a 
little cautiously; he didn't NEED to rape anyone and 
wouldn't like his family to think he had tried so.  If 
Rachel was going to be scared he wanted to find out 
before he brewed up any trouble.

He needn't have worried, she melted into his embrace 
quite wholeheartedly with no hint of the lack of 
experience he had expected.

With his brother David, a couple of years ago he had 
joined in the "let's get some experience" sessions with 
Rachel and her older sister Nancy.  This had involved 
only kisses and hadn't got to more than accidental tongue 
contact before he found less familial sources to practice 
with.  Rachel in turn got pissed off with David's 
relative immaturity at the time and had let him know in 
no uncertain terms not to bother her again.

Michael reached towards her front and started unbuttoning 
her blouse.  He was working on the third when he felt her 
fingers slip inside his waistband while she fumbled with 
his belt.

They worked together to gradually strip each other's 
garments off and stood together in just knickers and 
briefs with Michael staring at the pert young breasts 
with the nipples on their own distinct second mound.

Rachel was at a disadvantage; unable to see the effect 
she was having on the young man who had asked her to 
become his lover.  As he moved in to embrace her again 
though her hand brushed across the front of his loins and 
it immediately became obvious.

"Come on", he said and led her into the bathroom where 
they each shucked off their remaining item of clothing 
and stepped into the shower stall and its warm spray.

Rachel was a virgin but had lost her hymen ages ago.  She 
had been interested in a boy or two but they had still 
been only interested in sports or games consoles and so 
had missed out on a much more interesting indoor sport.

Her good friend Stacey was in a similar boat and they 
often got together to discuss the problem and what to do 
about it.

Stacey didn't have any brothers or close cousins. When 
she complained to Rachel that she didn't even know how to 
kiss properly and how she would look like a dork when, or 
rather if, a boy ever got around to kissing her, what was 
Rachel to do but offer to show her.

In the privacy of Stacey's bedroom they learned to match 
their mouths properly without clashing noses or scraping 
teeth.  Eventually, with a bit of clandestine research, 
they discovered and thoroughly investigated French 
kissing and necking and eventually petting.

They were DEFINITELY both interested in boys but, since 
the boys were taking their time in showing an interest in 
them, what was the harm while they were waiting?

As she stepped into the shower with her older cousin, 
Rachel remembered the occasions when she had done the 
same with Stacey and started crying when she realised 
that she may never see her friend again.

Michael was concerned he may have rushed things.  "But 
she seemed so willing", he thought.

"What's wrong?  We can just wash your hair if you want."

"No, it's not that.  I just realised I miss my best 
friend and she could be dying now."

Michael thought.  His cousin didn't live far from the 
school and her friend probably didn't live much further 
away, in fact she could live back in this direction.

"If you give me her address I could probably check and 
bring her back."

"Oh would you.  I really, really love you Michael.  You 
are the best.  And I've even got a secret about her."

"What?"

"She's seen you and she thinks you're cute."

"Cute!"

"Oh all right, 'Gorgeous'.  Is that better?"

"Probably."

"When can you go?  Do you have to wait for morning?"  The 
girl was worked up now and spoke rapidly.

"No.  I can probably pop out for a little while."

Rachel had felt his erection pressing against her leg and 
took hold of it with a giggle.  "I think you're popping 
out already."

"Well how about we get your hair washed and do something 
about it so I can drive and then we can see if we can 
find ..."

"Stacey"

"... Stacey before I fall asleep."

Rachel obediently stood under the spray and wet her hair 
before letting Michael spread the shampoo through her 
tangled tresses.

"It would be a shame to have to cut this off", he said.  
"You look so beautiful."

He reached around and gently squeezed the immature mounds 
and Rachel pushed her soapy back into him, feeling the 
stiff cock rub across her back.

She hurriedly rinsed her hair and felt around until he 
put the soap in her hands.  It might be a while before 
she had this luxury again and she wanted to get as fresh 
as possible if it was to last for some days.

She was horny for the young man next to her, excited over 
the possibility of her friend being restored to her and 
appreciative of Michael's willingness to seek her out.  
"It looks like I may have chosen the best one after all, 
at least he came looking for me over the others", she 
thought.

Happy with her hygiene, Rachel moved out of the shower 
and Michael turned off the water.  "Where's a towel.  Get 
me dry and back to the bedroom.  I want you now."

Michael was happy to comply; his own eagerness caused him 
to fumble a bit and though he enjoyed the task of drying 
the nymphette's naked body, her back was still damp (as 
was his) when they dropped the towels and scampered back 
to the bed.

It wasn't wide and Michael pulled back the covers and 
helped Rachel in before kneeling at the side.  He wanted 
to show Rachel a good time, suspecting he was her first 
and not knowing whether it would be a problem.

He, himself, had only a single experience with the local 
ladder (everyone's been up her) during a somewhat drunken 
encounter (her not him) at a party he had been sort of 
invited to.  In retrospect it hadn't been as good as 
jerking off and he had regretted it had happened since 
she had been so much dead meat at the time, hadn't even 
recognised him when they passed two days later and it had 
given him an unwanted "rep" when the story inevitably got 
spread around.

The only thing he WAS happy about was the fact that he 
had finally used the condom that had been creating an 
oval-shaped mark in his leather wallet for the previous 
six months; especially when shortly after a couple of her 
regular "beaus" were found to have STDs.

He did know what to do though and at least the idea of 
licking Rachel's freshly cleaned pussy was attractive; he 
wouldn't have stuck his face anywhere near the other 
woman's cunt, her mouth was bad enough when she tried 
(fortunately unsuccessfully) to kiss him. 

Since she couldn't see what he intended Michael was 
forced to explain what he was doing and what he wanted 
her to do.  It wasn't hard it was just unusual but 
neither of them really had anything to compare it with.

He finally had his head leaning against her inner thigh 
as he gazed in wonder at the intricate folds of her 
vulva.

There was a sprinkling of fine hairs over the wide outer 
lips and a denser thatch forming a neat triangle over her 
pubic mound.  Between the wide lips was a convolution of 
thinner flesh and he could smell a delicious aroma when 
he bent to kiss her most private part.

Rachel felt tingly when his lips gently pressed against 
hers.  No-one had done THAT before!  It got better.

Michael brushed them across the surface of her pussy.  He 
wasn't trying to lick her yet, just teasing a little 
while he drank in the sensations.  It was wonderful.

He poked his tongue out, just a little, and still 
concentrated on the outside of her vulva.  He scraped his 
front teeth lightly over the skin and once again gave a 
firm kiss to his cousin's lips.

Now his tongue parted them to give her an Australian kiss 
(just like a French kiss but down under) and was rewarded 
by a sweet emission that reminded him of biting down on a 
caramel filled chocolate.  The juices coated his tongue 
and filled his mouth.  He swallowed and returned for 
more.

The sensations flooding Rachel as she flooded his mouth 
were like nothing she had felt before.  When she had 
jilled herself she managed to get herself off quite 
easily but the feel of a finger on clit or in twat was 
totally different from the passage of a tongue that could 
be soft and caressing one moment and hard and penetrating 
the next.

When Michael sucked her thinner inner lips into his mouth 
and gently tugged on them Rachel squirmed and threaded 
her fingers through his short black hair.  She encouraged 
him with the pressure of her hand to move slightly 
forward and was rewarded when he swept his tongue over 
her clit.

She felt so good she was amazed when she later learned it 
had been Michael's first experience at cunnilingus.  He 
in turn was gratified that his readings of a somewhat 
dubious nature (certainly not something he had wanted his 
parents to catch him reading) had turned out to be 
actually useful.

Rachel was humming now and wanted to feel the youth 
inside her.  She held onto both sides of his head and 
kept pulling until his body covered hers.

"Come on.  Do IT.  I want to feel you inside me."

Michael was quite willing to obey.

With a little awkwardness he managed to position himself 
correctly and pushed firmly to get through her hymen in 
one quick motion, a consideration that proved 
unnecessary.

Expecting to hear a gasp or whimper of pain, Michael slid 
smoothly into the wet vagina and instead found his 
partner cooing with delight as her body received his hard 
organ.

"Oh that's lovely", she added and he began to move back 
and forth, delighting in the silky smooth sensations, so 
different from his own hand.  The pace built up and he 
was further delighted when Rachel seized him, spasms 
wracking both their bodies with an incredible pleasure 
neither had experienced before.

With the utmost sincerity, and to his own surprise at the 
realisation, Michael told the girl beneath him, "I love 
you Rachel."

-----

Michael gave her some privacy in the bathroom then helped 
her dress (sans bra, her breasts were perky enough not to 
need it anyway) and they snuck back down to the entrance 
of the gym.  Michael waved to his elder brother and 
picked up the car keys.  "I'm just going to see if I can 
find someone for Rachel.  Do you want me to pick up 
anything for you?"

Peter smiled.  "A blonde or a red head maybe?  I could 
kill a pizza but I don't think that's going to happen.  
If you can find some snacks or some cold sodas; anything 
really.  Fill up the boot.

You should probably take someone with you in case of 
trouble, and I don't mean Rachel, but everyone's likely 
to be sleeping.  Write down the address and go straight 
there and back.  If her friend's not there you'll have to 
try in the morning.

How long do you expect to be so I can call out the 
cavalry if you aren't back?"

Michael considered.  Popping out for a short drive in the 
evening had never been a problem.  Now there were unknown 
dangers lurking in every shadow.  At least there was a 
hand gun in the glove box.

"15 minutes there, another 15 back, anywhere from 10 
minutes if she jumps straight in the car to an hour if 
she need to be convinced.  If it's any longer I will see 
her again in the morning instead.  Add another 15, say 20 
minutes to load the car.  What's that?"

He did the sums over again in his head.  "60 to 90 
minutes probably.  If I'm delayed I'll leave the snacks 
until later so I'll guarantee to be back in an hour and a 
half if nothing goes wrong."

"Check there's enough in the tank - no chance to fill up 
if you run out."

"Okay.  See you."

Barry looked at Peter.  "Maybe one of us should have gone 
with him."  Peter nodded.  That might have been best.


