Jenna's Changing Room Dare

Our Jenna has been very, very naughty... and I just came across an e-
mail of a dare she did earlier this month. I think it is only
appropriate to share it with the Group. I know Little Jenna will be
interested in your comments ;)

* * * * *

To Miss Anne and Miss Trine,

Today at around 1 pm I went up to the mall near my house in just a
tight white tshirt, a short skirt, and a pair of tennis shoes, and
no underwear at all. The tshirt hugged my body very tight and you
could sort of see my nipples. The were getting hard as I walked in
because I was so excited. The skirt came down about an inch below my
butt and was incredibly scandilous. I had not worn it for a while
and any sudden movements would definitely reveal my butt or pussy.

I walked into the Victoria Secrets and walked around a bit looking
for something to go try on. I went to the Victoria's Secret for
three reasons. One, I love all the lingerie they have. Two, they
have curtains for their changing rooms. And three, because the doors
to the changing rooms faced the entire store and could even be seen
from outside the store.

I finally picked out a sheer babydoll to try on and went to changing
rooms. I walked in and closed the curtains most of the way but
intentionally left a gap a few inches wide. I checked to make sure
that it was wide enough and then started to undress. I slipped the
skirt off first, leaving my butt facing the outside of the shop. I
then pulled the white tshirt off, leaving me in nothing but my
sneakers. I then bent at the waist, making sure my knees were
straight, and untied my shoes. I finally removed them and was left
with nothing on. I turned around to pick up the babydoll and exposed
my front to anyone who might be looking. I put it on and it was
almost completely sheer. I might as well have not been wearing
anything at all. I adjusted the curtains a little, making the gap
even wider. My mind was racing, wondering if anyone was watching,
wondering if they would say anything.

As I started to remove the babydoll, I heard some giggling and
whispers coming from out in the shop, but I did not look yet. I took
it off and turned around, exposing my butt, as I bent over and put
on my sneakers first. I was blushing all over as the giggling got
louder. I then turned around, acting like i did not know I was being
watched, and put on my tshirt. My nipples were rock hard and could
easily be seen through the tight shirt. I finally put on my skirt
and looked out into the store. There were three teenage girls there,
giggling and laughing. As I walked past them to the register to
purchase the babydoll, one of them called me a slut and the other
two laughed out loud at me. I was really embarrassed and hurrily
paid for the item. The cashier gave me a funny look and then I
realized that it was because of my nipples practically poking
through my shirt. I walked straight to my car and went home.

I was unable to relieve the sexual tension immediately because I had
to go out and then have dinner with my sister and her boyfriend, so
once I got home from that, I went straight to my room, stripped
completely naked, and pulled out my vibrator. I hadn't used it in a
while but it felt so good. It did not take me long before I came for
the first time but I did not stop, I kept playing with myself and
sliding the vibrator in and out until I came a second time. I just
lay there, exhausted, naked, and drenched with sweat, on my bed.

I right this to you two still naked. I thank you miss Anne for the
dare and thank you Miss Trine for ordering me to use my vibrator.

To Miss Trine: do you want me to send this to my yahoo group?

Your Little Brat,
Little Jenna

 