The lunch break
by BlueMenace

It was my first day at the school but surprisingly I wasn't nervous at all. I didn't really feel anything about it. I had been into many schools because my fathers work demanded constant moving.

I was eating my lunch with a guy I had just met named Ryan. He wasn't necessarily the best looking guy around but his nature and sense of humor really made up for that. He had been the first to talk to me and I had a feeling that he was maybe developing a crush on me. Too bad that probably in a few months I would have to move again with my father.

We were talking about the teachers when suddenly a group of other students walked towards us and a blonde girl confronted Ryan.

"Hi, this is our table. Get lost" she said.

Ryan was already standing up and going to leave when I pulled him back to his seat.

"I didn't know that you could reserve a table here." I said to the girl smiling

"Move away or you're in trouble" she said, trying to sound threatening.

"Oh no, will you tell your mother that someone was sitting at your favorite table? I'm so scared, what am I going to do?" I said sarcastically.

The girl clearly got angered by that and tried to crab me but my years of martial training came handy and without a effort I had already pinned her down. She was now laying on her stomach with her hands behind her back while I was sitting on top of her. It was a bit of surprise to me that no one of her friends tried to help her but maybe she had also been such a bitch towards them.

I jokingly slapped her big ass that was clearly outlined in her pants. "Apologize me and my good friend Ryan now"

She didn't follow my command and still tried to fight back but it was clearly hopeless so I decided that she needed a punishment. At this point there was already a big group of student watching the show.

I pulled her pants down exposing her thong and butt cheeks that were now visible. I gave her a little wedgie while using my other hand to spread her cheeks apart. Her asshole and pussy were partially visible now and I noticed that some of the students had pulled their phones out.

"Please stop this madness" she begged and all the confidence had left her body a long time ago. Now she only wanted to prevent further humiliation.

"Let me think about it… no" I said and pulled her panties off. Now she was completely naked from the waist down and the audience was getting pretty excited. I gave her butt a few slaps before deciding to change her to a more revealing position.

It didn't take long before I had managed to turn her around. After few adjustments her ass was now pointing upwards and I could now easily keep her legs wide open. Her shaved pussy had now spread a bit open and you could see the insides of it. I kept her in that position to make sure that people could get nice close up pictures of her pussy and asshole before letting her go.

After that she was completely embarrassed and humialated.

"Don't you ever bully anyone again or I'll make sure the next time will be even worse." I told her.

I also told her that she wouldn't get her pants back and would have to stay like that or leave the school. She didn't even manage to say anything and only nodded slightly before running away with her butt clapping.

"That was amazing. She had been picking on me for a while now but that sure made her stop " Ryan told me happily.

"You're welcome" I said while smiling at him.

I also noticed the massive bulge in his pants but he quickly realized it and tried to adjust his pants and shirt but it really didn't help that much.

"So do you have any plans for tonight?" he said a bit awkwardly.

"No why"

"I thought that maybe you and I could go out tonight. Maybe go to the movies or something like that. Of course only if you wish so."

"Sure why not" I answered.

"Cool I mean yeah that's nice" he said trying to contain his excitement.

We continued our lunch and went to the next class. Till this day this story has been one of my favorite memories from school.
