Author: Arthur Kay Title:  Jane's Time at the Cougar Ranch Summary:
Jane Hanover, 18, and luscious, is down on her luck and out of work.
She takes a job as a waitress at the infamous Cougar Ranch, where paid
hanky-panky is the norm . . . Keywords: MF con het ill oral

WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual
descriptions and language. If you are a minor (under 21) or if you are
offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now.
Any resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental.
The participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative
consequences other than those portrayed in the story. The story is
intended for entertainment and should not be emulated in the real
world. 

JANE'S TIME AT THE COUGAR RANCH by Arthur Kay

In the rearmost booth of an empty diner, Jane Hanover just sat there
and, with her head in her hands, sobbed her heart out. She was almost
broke once more, down to her last ten dollars, with no prospect of a
job in sight.

She had travelled over three hundred miles on a wild goose chase. The
new job she had been hired for, she quickly learned, was not as a
personal secretary to a rich old man, but as his personal mistress. He
was quite clear on the point. Upon hearing his salacious offer, she
had fled his office, half in tears, and had wandered blindly from
street to street, finally entering the lonely, deserted diner.

How could I have been so stupid, she thought, so naive? God, I must
have been born yesterday and not eighteen years ago! She sobbed some
more, hoping the counter guy way down the other end couldn't hear her.
Or the lone customer nursing his coffee. She carried on sobbing this
way for quite some time, the self-pity just too much for her to bear
otherwise.

"Whoa, little lady, you're too young and pretty to be carrying on like
that!"

Jane looked up and saw a nicely dressed man in his mid-forties
standing there. She hadn't even heard him come up to the booth. He was
now smiling at her, an even set of white teeth on display. She tried
to compose herself as he, without asking for her permission, sat down
across from her. 

"I'm Jake, Jake Clay, and you . . . " He flashed the perfect teeth
again.

To Jane, the man seemed nice, harmless even, and somewhat fatherly in
his manner and tone of voice. "I'm Jane, Jane Hanover. I'm pleased to
meet you, uh, Jake, and I hope you'll forgive my red eyes. It's been a
rough day." She sniffled and fished a tissue out of her purse.

"Well, hello there, Jane. I'm pleased to make your acquaintance, too.
Tell me, just how rough a day have you had?" He seemed truly
concerned.

She blew her nose and told him her tale of woe. Jake nodded here and
there as if he fully understood and had, at an especially painful part
of her story, reached out and patted her hand. His hand felt warm and
friendly to her. Comforting even.

When her tale had been told, Jake took his wallet out and thumbed
through it. For a moment, Jane had the feeling of deja vu, a feeling
he was about to offer her some money, if she would only do . . . 

"Here, Jane, read this." He unfolded a piece of paper and handed it to
her. It was a small full-color flyer with a picture of a beautiful
woman holding a tray with drinks on it. The woman was nicely dressed,
classy almost, in a black and white waitresses' costume. The beautiful
woman's blouse had a picture of a cougar, crouched to spring, on the
left breast. Jane also saw it was an advertisement for The Cougar
Ranch, an exclusive and very private club for the discerning
gentleman. She read:

THE COUGAR RANCH! Where great service is always at a gentleman's beck
and call! Where fine dining is more than an art! Where a gentleman can
relax and unwind after a hard day! Where only the finest in all things
is constantly provided! Call 555-1122 to make a reservation. Ask for
Cindy. See our ad on our Website: CougarRanch.com.

Now hiring new hostesses. Great pay! Great hours! Great benefits! Some
experience required. Call for details. Wanda Sykes, General Manager.

Jane re-read it quickly and handed it back to Jake. "You telling me,
Jake, that I should apply for a job at this place?" Jake nodded. Jane
shook her head from side to side.

"Why not, Jane? Just applying can't hurt. And your ten buck ain't
gonna go too far, now is it? Even if you don't get desperate enough to
give in to some sex pervert's propositioning, the cops will probably
bust you for vagrancy. Cops are tough in this town, believe me,
especially on outsiders. Think it over. Oh, and you'll like Wanda,
too. She's the salt of the earth, that gal is." He showed the nice
teeth to her once more.

"I don't know, Jake. What would I be expected to do? If it's more than
just serving drinks, well, I don't . . . I won't . . . "

"That's all it is, Jane, hostessing. Oh, there's paid hanky-panky
going on there, for sure, it being legal in this state and all, but
that choice is yours. Old Wanda treats every one of her ladies with
the utmost respect. If all you want to do is waitress, well, you'll
only waitress. But, by the same token, if you ever change your mind
about the, uh, hanky-panky, Wanda will be only too happy to show you
the . . . uh . . . many ins and outs of the game." He laughed, a nice
hearty laugh. "Many ins and outs, get it?" He chuckled.

Jane giggled. "I get it, Jake. Cute. You're a regualar card, you know
that?"

"Jake of hearts, my dear, the Jake of hearts. Ha ha! That's me all
right!"

While Jane had some reservations about the whole iffy afffair, she had
to admit to herself that she was in a box. Up the old creek without a
paddle. Between a rock and a hard place. And, being in jail, even for
one night, for being a vagrant, well, ugh to that shit. Thus, she
accompanied Jake out to his black Mercedes and, in less than twenty
minutes later, she was seated in the office of Wanda Sykes, General
Manager of The Cougar Ranch. Waiting for Wanda to appear . . . 

* * * * * *

WELL, to make a long story short, Jane was hired by Wanda on the spot.
And, after four months of just waitressing, with the money from the
tips being fabulous, Jane found herself toying with the idea of the
hanky-panky side of the business. Just mulling it over, if you will.

Wanda had found her an inexpensive little apartment, less than five
minutes from the ranch, and had advanced her enough money to buy a
used, but quite decent little car. Jane could have lived at the ranch,
saving money in the bargain, but the idea of living where all that
hanky-panky was going on, well, no thank you ma'am was her attitude.

However, and if truth be told, Jane found herself a little envious of
the hanky-panky ladies. They seemed to be just rolling in dough. Great
clothes, brand new cars, you name it, they had it. And more. 

True, Jane's take home pay wasn't exactly chump change, but after
paying her rent, phone, electric, gas, and cable bill, not to mention
the fifty dollars a week going to Wanda for the car, she wasn't
exactly rolling in dough.

But it was a woman named Tammy that had gotten Jane thinking along
these hanky-panky lines. Tammy, constantly and often, not only bragged
about all the money she was making, but how great all the sex was.

"Janie, you shouldda been there!" Tammy excitedly told her one day,
right after servicing her latest man. "This guy had a cock on him as
wide and as long as a Genoa salami!" She put her hands out as if to
estimate the width of this particular deli meat. "And, I'll tell ya,
sweetie, he knew how to serve up the meat! Hard and long, just the way
I like it! Christ, I musta cum twelve times, if I came once!" She
grinned at Jane. "Oooweee! He done fucked me silly! I swear!" She
laughed and Jane found herself laughing right along with Tammy.

Well, after oodles of such stories from Tammy, Jane started to rethink
the whole thing. She was seeing it in a new light. Shit, she said to
herself one night as she sat all alone in her apartment eating a
microwaved TV dinner, I haven't had a good fucking in a dog's age! 

Yeah, my fingers still work, but it ain't like the real thing. She
thought now of Tammy's latest tale, an especially hot one about having
two well-hung men at the same time, one in her mouth and one in her
pussy, fucking her, as Tammy always said, absolutely silly. 

Ooowee! She thought, that Tammy! She's one hot pistol! With Tammy's
story burning in her brain, she went and found her vibrator . . .

* * * * * *

IT WAS A NEW WORK DAY and Janes's mind was made up. She'd do the
hanky-panky. But only with one man to start. Oh, she knew full well,
deep down, that she could probably handle it all, even the weird
sexual things she knew would be expected of her, but she wanted to be
sure it didn't totally freak her out and give her the jeeberjabbers,
if you will.

With that in mind, she went to see Wanda. The General Manager listened
carefully and when Jane had completely spun her little tale, Wanda
said she'd set it all up. Jane was to go to room 12 and wait. A man
would be forthcoming. She gave Jane some quick tips about relaxing and
just enjoying herself. 

"Do as some of the first time girls do, Jane. Pretend he's your
boyfriend and you haven't seen him in months. This will help you get
up a head of steam and you'll be able to perform with a little more
passion than you might ordinarily feel you have in you at the time.
Remember the first timer's mantra: The hotter you are with him, the
faster he comes, if you find yourself just wanting to get it over
with, that is. 

"Of course, it goes without saying, Jane, if you should find it's
enjoyable, well, girl . . . let 'er rip! And don't by shy about it,
either. All my private rooms are totally soundproofed, so only you and
the guy fucking you will hear you." She laughed. "If, that is, you're
a banshee screamer as I am!" Wanda laughed again. Jane followed suit.

Wanda then told Jane to go wait for the man, strip down and put on the
see-thru nightie she'd find hanging on the back of the room's door. A
while later found Jane suitably attired and waiting for a strange man
to enter the room and have sex with her. For some strange reason, she
found herself less nervous than she thought she would be. And a tad
excited by it all.

She thought of her boyfriend, Tim Waitt. He had taken her virginity
less than two years ago now and if he hadn't moved to Europe with his
folks, well, who knows? Tim had not only been her first, to date he
was the only. She thought of his handsome face, that headful of brown
hair that hung down his neck. His hot lips all over hers and all over
her body, her belly, her thighs, her breasts. 

He had wanted to put his hot lips on her pussy, too, but she had
stopped him. Why, she didn't really know, but she now wished she could
shove her pussy into those hot, wet lips of his. She felt a shiver run
over her and, at the same time, felt her pussy getting moist.

She now pictured them fucking. How wonderful it had always been. He
would fuck her animalistically, grunting and groaning throughout. And
when he came, she could actually feel the heat of his sperm inside
her.

She had even liked it when he had asked her to go down on him. He had
pleased her so often, she felt it was only right to give him some
pleasure in return. True, the first time he had ejaculated into her
mouth came as a shock. He had started spurting, all of a sudden, and
without any prior warning. 

As her mouth filled up with him, he had held her head fast, preventing
any backing up of her head. Not knowing what else to do, she had
swallowed the salty liquid. All of it. The taste, she discovered,
wasn't horrible, just different. It reminded her of salty onions
somehow. And, she soon learned, the aftertaste stayed in her throat
and was recalled every time she swallowed her saliva. The door opened,
breaking her reverie, and a man entered. She left the bed and stood up
to greet him.

"Hi, Jane, dear, we meet again!" Jake! A flush of embarrassment
flooded through her body, making itself felt all the way up to her
face. Oh, God, she thought as she realized he could see right through
the sheer nightie. But some strange thing in her told her not to try
to cover up. She would look foolish, she felt, given the hanky-panky
circumstances. So, she just smiled at Jake.

"Wanda tells me you want to try your, uh, wings, so to speak. Well,
Jane, if anyone can teach you how to fly, I'm your boy." He laughed.
She did, too.

The ice broken, Jake went to her and put his strong arms around her
waist. She instinctively threw her arms around his neck. Then a silly
thought hit her. "Please be gentle, Jake. I haven't had sex in a long,
long time and I'm sure I've tightened up a lot. I don't want my first
time to hurt. OK?" She knew the words sounded ridiculous, but felt
they had to be said.

He looked into her eyes. "Don't worry, hon, old Jake's the epitome of
soft. And, as you'll soon find out, ha ha, the epitome of hard, too!"
She giggled, liking Jake, liking his light-hearted approach to it all.
She leaned up and kissed him full on the lips, her mouth slightly open
to receive his tongue, should he be of a mind. He was, and soon their
tongues were dueling to beat the band. Fleetingly, her mind pictured
Tim, then, just as fleetingly, poof, he was gone. All she knew now was
Jake. To her, it seemed better that way.

He kissed her for what seemed like a long time to her before removing
her nightie. Then he kissed her some more, his hands exploring her
young flesh hither and yon. She moaned a few times while he worked
her, feeling his hard member pressing through his trousers into her
abdomen.

As Jake kissed her again, she got bold and reached down, found his
lump, the girth of it surprising her, squeezed it and then ran her
hand downward along its length. She found she couldn't reach its end
without bending over, which she didn't want to do in the middle of his
kiss. They broke and she said, backing away for a look-see, "My God,
Jake, does that thing have an end?" He laughed.

"Does a ruler have a foot?" He quipped. Her eyes widened. She spoke,
her eyes like saucers.

"Oh, no, Jake, don't tell me it's a foot long. I won't believe it."

"It's not a foot long!"

"Whew, good!" She looked greatly relieved.

"It's thirteen and one-half inches!" He grinned at her. Her eyes got
even wider. Now her mouth was agape. She looked stunned.

"Relax, Jane. It's big, I know, but I know to work it. Believe me, it
won't hurt you one bit. Scout's honor!" He held two fingers up.

"Jake, I . . . " He cut her off with another wet and sloppy French
kiss. She melted into his arms, resigned to her fate and Jake's
promise.

He picked her up and deposited her on the large bed, propping a pillow
behind her head to give her a front row seat to his clothing removal
act.

As Jake stripped, Jane looked. Nice body, she thought when Jake was
down to his boxer shorts. Then she got playful. "Oooh, goody, goody,
here's the part of the act where they reveal the Jake snake! Show us
the snaky, Jakey! Snake, snake, snake, snake!" He obliged his audience
by dropping his shorts. The effect on Jane was immediate.

Less than six feet from her eyes was the largest, angriest and longest
cock she had ever seen, or could even imagine in any of her wildest,
girlish fantasies. It stood at a 45 degree upward angle from his body
as if pointing out where the ceiling was. Its girth looked as wide, if
not wider, than most men's wrists. 

The cock head was enormous and arrow-shaped in appearance. It was also
extremely pronounced and stood way out all around the shaft. The pee
hole was deeply indented, deeper than a normal human cleft chin. Its
overall color was bronzy tan as if its owner sunbathed in the nude. It
also looked as hard as tungsten.

His balls, hairy and huge, looked as if they were doing an excellent
job by providing a solid base for the huge member to stand on. Jane
felt a large twinge of fear creep up on her.

"Oh, my God, Jake, it looks as if it will split me in two!" She drew
her legs up to her chest and placed her arms around them, as if in
preparation for defending the attack she knew was about to take place.
And yet, at the same time, she was fascinated by the size of it,
mesmerized by it, her eyes locked on it. A moistness invaded her
vaginal area as she felt her nipples get erect. Dear old Tim, she
thought, what a difference! God, he was just a boy! Jake was saying
something to her.

" . . . hurt too much. Now, Jane, Wanda told me to play instructor to
you. To give you an idea, if you will, of what most men will expect
from you. So, please bear with me if I sound too damned pedantic while
I, uh, direct you, so to speak. OK?" She nodded. He was now the
teacher, she was the eager, but slightly fearful pupil.

He joined her on the bed and kissed her a few times. Then he said.
"Now, love, I want you to give me a blowjob, sorry for using that raw
term, but you'd might as well get used to it. As you suck me off, I'll
give you some pointers. OK?" She nodded and scooted down between his
legs. She was getting into it all now. 

Close up now, his penis looked even larger, even more menacing. She
reached out and took the base into her right hand, encircling it. Oh,
yeah, she thought, this is no Tim I have here.

"Now, Jane," he said, sounding slightly hoarse. "The main idea is to
get the fella all hot and bothered so he comes quick. You should
always start as we did, with hot, ardent kissing. If you can, that is,
and the guy doesn't make you want to upchuck all your lunch. It's your
choice.

"While kissing will start his fire, you need to keep it burning. Thus,
the first thing you can do, once in bed with him, is to suck on his
balls. Go ahead, Jane, suck on mine a little. I'll direct you." He
watched her and waited, his arms behind his head. She hesitated a
moment and then leaned her head downward and placed her hot mouth on
his hairy nut sack. They felt hot and smelled of male musk. The odor
didn't bother her, to the contrary, it seemed to bring a new wetness
to her vagina.

"Now, Jane, using your lips and tongue, while letting your saliva just
flow out, get them good and wet. Soaked, in fact. And also, now and
then, take each one as far into your mouth as it will go. OK?" He
heard her say Ok from between his legs, her mouth seemingly glued to
his scrotum.

As she laved both his testicles, first one, then the other, she found
herself not only getting into it, but getting immensely turned on. She
had never done this to Tim, but she had also never seen a cock such as
Jake's. This was a new thing to her, a new day, a new beginning. And
the vaginal twinges she now felt made her glad of the fact. 

She felt different and brand new, wide open for anything life had to
throw her way. Jake spoke. "Don't forget, dear, let your saliva flow
out naturally. Good and wet." She complied, his balls getting wetter
and wetter as she sucked happily away.

"That's good, Jane. Now, next I want you to lip and tongue suck the
shaft. Go all the way down one side and come up the other. Lip and
tongue. Get it good and sloppy, too. OK?" She mumbled an OK as she
proceeded to wet his shaft from stem to stern, remembering to let her
saliva flow.

In a short while, his entire shaft was shiny and sticky from the
saliva. "Now, Jane, take the head into your mouth." She did, and as
she made mouth to penis contact, she heard a moan escape him. "Mmmm,
good. But don't forget. Saliva flow."

As with her Tim, she sucked the head and an inch or two beyond. But
unlike Tim, Jake's hardon was inhumanely hard, the flesh yielding
little under her lip's pressures. As if it was molded of slightly-
giving Styrene. She worked his cock head for a short while and then
heard him say, "Now, Jane, here comes the hard part. Deep-throating me
all the way down to my balls . . . "

She had removed her mouth from him. "Jake, I can't . . . "

"Hush, love, you'll see, it's not so hard. Millions of women can do
it. Every girl at the ranch does it, even with me. All it takes is a
little know-how and some practice. Now, put your mouth back on it and
I'll direct you." She complied, the rock hard cock head once again in
her mouth.

"Now, Jane, the trick, if you could call it that, is to control your
gag reflex as you go down. Like mind over matter, in a sense. Now,
listen carefully. I want you to start down the shaft very slowly, a
quarter-inch at a time. When you feel my cock head enter your throat
and start to touch your gag reflex, I want you to simply swallow, as
if you were swallowing a large piece of steak. Once the head gets past
your gag reflex, all it takes is a litttle concentration on your part
to simply ignore any further silliness out of the damned thing. Now,
try it!"

Try it she did. Soon, the quarter-inches added up and she felt the
first tickle to her gag reflex. The action made her stomch churl and
she had to concentrate to overcome the feeling. Tears welled up in
both of her eyes, in spite of them being tightly closed, but she
decided now wasn't the time to wipe them away. So all she did was
blink a few times.

When the cock head was fully pressed against her gag reflex, she
remembered his advice: Swallow the piece of meat! Thus, in fierce
determination, she swallowed. And the damned cock went right down!
True, she felt like upchucking slightly, but she also remembered his
other piece of advice: Ignore the damned thing! She did and found she
could now take more of him, a quarter-inch at a time. She heard Jake
clapping.

"By Jove, 'enry 'iggins, I do believe she's got it!" he said jovially.
And she had got it. And, as confidence crept in, she got bolder and
soon quarter-inches turned to inches. In no time, it seemed to her,
she felt the tickle of his pubic hairs on her lips and his lower
abdomen touching her nose. My God, she thought, I'm actually deep-
throating! Tim should see me now! No, he shouldn't! He'd die seeing me
impaled on Jake's big monster prick!

"Now, Jane, here's how to make it fantastic for the guy. Suck his knob
a few times and then deep-throat him. A good ration, is four to one.
Try it!"

Before doing as Jake had asked, she removed his cock from her mouth
and took the time to wipe the tears from her eyes using a corner of
the coverlet. Jake chuckled. "I've seen that before. We call it baby's
first tears!" 

She laughed and grabbed his cock, somewhat roughly. "Oh, yeah, Jake,
well this baby's all grown up now!" To prove her point, she had her
lips buried in his pubes in less than two seconds. Then she scooted up
to the head and sucked on it for precisely four times before taking
the deep-throat plunge again. She was prepared to repeat this over and
over and as long as it took to make him say uncle. He was moaning
loudly now.

"Oooh, Jane, oh God! L-listen Jane, stop a bit. I have to tell you
something further. OK?" She removed the wet and glistening organ from
her mouth, keeping her hand on the base and said, "Party pooper!

"Kidder! But seriously, folks, here's what I want to teach you. Now,
some men, not most, like to come in your throat, you know, have it go
directly to your stomach, but most men prefer you get the taste of
them. Thus, use you thumb at the base to know when their about to
spurt. You'll feel a ripple under your thumb. When you do, scoot up to
the head and lightly suck on it, running your tongue over the
underside. This greatly increases the man's pleasure and yours, if you
enjoy, as I think you do, the unusual taste of male sperm." Jane
nodded, she did enjoy sperm, as far as she knew from her times with
Tim, anyway. "Next, Jane . . . "She interrupted him.

"I know, after I swallow I should vacuum suck him dry. Right, teach?"

Jake laughed. "Right, class! And it's a good idea to keep, uh,
vacuuming him until he says stop and can't take any more. Capish,
pupil?"

"Capish, professor Jake. Should I continue and make you cum while
showing you my vacuuming technique, or would you rather teach me how
to fuck. I'm eager, teach, for whatever new you feel I should know."
She smiled at him, waiting. She felt new and absolutely brazen.

"Jane, after all this teaching and talking, I want to just lie back
and have you suck me off until I cream your mouth something fucking
fierce. I don't know about most men, but I can come five times a day
if I have to, so, woman, I've plenty for fucking you later on. Now,
get to it, you cocksucking champion, you!" He smiled at her. She
blushed.

She worked him on, using the four to one ratio, and soon he was ready
to pop. She knew this because of the thumb ripple. It hadn't mattered,
however, as the ripple had caught her in mid-cock head, as it were.
She remembered his teachings: Suck and tongue the underside. She did
and waited for the large member to unload in her mouth. A feeling of
sexual anticipation coming over her.

A second or so later, he unloaded. Just a second after his cock head
seemed to expand to even greater width. This surprised Jane. She had
no idea a cock could expand it's head that way just before
ejaculating. And expand it did, with each forceful spurt that entered
her mouth. Jake was moaning and groaning for all he was worth, his
hands entwined in her hair, pulling her to him.

The first spurt had been truly amazing. Its force had sent it directly
to the back of her throat, where its weight succumbed to gravity and
took the path down to her belly. Then her mouth flooded up. She
swallowed, tasting more of the salty sperm. She also moaned, "Mmm mmm!
Mmm mmm!" as each spurt entered her. She was letting him know she
loved it, this swallowing of his cum.

Jake's entire, full load, was humungous. She had to swallow fully,
four times. Each time she felt his cock head expand and explode, she
relished it all. The feel of him. The taste of him. The heat and musk
of him. Then Tammy raced through her mind all of a sudden. Oh, Tam,
she thought, have I a story for you! Then, Jake disappointed her. He
was drained. 

He pulled her up toward him, removing his cock from her hot mouth by
doing so. She felt strangely cheated. She wanted her big, fat, hard-
headed, 13-1/2" cock back in her mouth. The party pooper!

But Jake soon kissed that thought away. With dozens of kisses. On her
lips, her neck, her breasts. And, before she knew, on her pussy. She
flinched as she felt his hot tongue make an initial entrance. Oh,
well, she thought, not arguing with him, I'm a brand new me now! 

And she was . . .

* * * * * *

Jake ate her pussy for what seemed an eternity to her, giving her
three solid orgasms along the way. And, to her delight, she felt his
hardness again. All 13-1/2" of his hardness. It was pressing strongly
against her right leg.

He went between her legs and introduced his cock to her vagina slowly,
very slowly, excruciatingly slowly. She felt, after its first few
inches of penetration, her pussy being widened. God, she thought, that
head is something else! Momma! I can even feel the ridge! I can tell
it from the shaft! This amazed her. He was no Tim, that was for sure.

He bottomed out in her and proceeded to fuck her with gusto. Long,
hard, heart-stopping strokes created mind-boggling orgasms for her.
One after the other, one on top of the other, a parade of orgasms. She
was yelling, her legs spread out as far as they could go on both sides
of his back, flopping wildly in the air.

Jake then increased his pace and the friction created in her vagina
was driving her insane. Someone was yelling, her or him, or both, but
she didn't take the time to figure it all out. She took her legs and
wrapped them around his muscular back, driving them up on his frame as
far as they could go. This had the effect of making it feel to her as
if his penis had magically grown a couple of inches and was now
hitting depths she never even knew she possessed.

Jake fucked her. And fucked her. And fucked her. As any animal would
in the height of the rutting season. And she, sweat pouring from her,
feeling his sweat dripping on her, fucked him back, with every fiber
in her being. Thus, the two of them fucked away, unmindful of the
bed's squeaky protestations. Squeak . . . squeak . . . squeak.

Finally, Jake was yelling and cumming simultaneously. She was yelling
and cumming, too. Then words found her lips and just slipped out.

"I love you, Jake, I love you, I love you, I love you!" And the
amazing thing is, she didn't hear herself say it. But Jake did. With
his super-size cock, still at full rage and buried deep within her, he
pulled on her shoulders from behind and whispered in her ear, "I love
you, too, my Janie." This time she heard. And, although she loved him
saying the words, she knew, deep down, it was all pretend, part of her
teachings by a great professor. In no time, reality would wipe it all
away.

Later, in Jake's arms, Jane felt fantastic. And safe. His arms around
her had that effect on her. She nuzzled herself closer to him.

"Jake, do you work for Wanda?" Curiosity, the pillar of after-sex
small talk on your first time with someone new. Jake gave her a hug.

"Nah, I just help her out from time to time. Keeps me off the
streets."

"What do you do for a living, Jake?" Oops! Too curious personal too
fast?

"As little as I can. I'm on an Air Force retirement pension. Thirty
years."

"Wow! That makes you . . . "

"Thirty years older than you. Old enough to be your Dada. So, tell me,
you sex pistol, how's it feel to fuck your dear, old dad?" He
chuckled. An old joke hit her.

"Ah, INCEST, the game the whole family can play!" She giggled and
snuggled up once more. 

She heard him laugh somewhere near her head . . .

* * * * * *

Later, when Jane had finished "servicing" Jake, Wanda asked her, quite
bluntly, "Now, Jane, tell me the truth. Do you like fucking?" She
didn't ask how it had gone with Jake. Wanda always knew the answer to
that silly question!

"Uh, I guess, Wan." 

"You guess? Don't you know for sure? I'll ask you again, Jane. Do you
or don't you like fucking?"

"OK. Yes, I like fucking!" There, I've said it, she thought, you happy
now?

"There, that wasn't so hard, was it? Now, Jane, you tell me. Where can
a girl like you find a job that she likes to do and, at the same time,
get paid five times more than she could make typing letters for some
old geezer, who gropes her ass every time she bends over at a filing
cabinet?"

"Tee hee hee!" Jane giggled nervously at the vivid, but silly imagery,
and at the fact that something very similar had happened to her not
too long ago.

Wanda picked right up on it. "Been there, huh? Done that. Tell me
about it." She smiled at Jane.

"Oh, yeah, I've been there, all right. His name was Mr. Fripp, the
third, and he had to be a hundred years old. A really gnarly old fool.
Always pinching my bottom and throwing lewd propositions at me." Wanda
nodded, she'd been there, too. "Used to offer me money. First it was
twenty for a handjob. Then twenty to let him see and suck my breasts.
Fifty if I let him do both at the same time. Then it was twenty for a
kiss. Ugh! And fifty for a blowjob. Double ugh! He finally offered me
one hundred if I fucked him. Triple ugh!" Jane's face was screwed up,
as if she'd suddenly tasted a lemon.

"You ever give in to him, Jane? Truth now, girl."

"Well, one time, in a way. I was absolutely desperate for money and my
month's rent was due in two days. I was frantic. The landlady, that
old battleaxe, told me if I was late with it again, she'd toss me out
on the street. And she sure would have, the old bitch. Well, anyway,
he had repeated his handjob and titty sucking offer to me and I . . .
well . . . gave in. But I demanded thirty, which he was all too eager
to pay. Shoulda asked for fifty!

"It was awful! His lips felt like fucking sandpaper and his pecker was
all shriveled up, even when hard. Ugh! I thought I'd die when his
horrible tongue got pushed into my mouth!" 

"And I bet it took him forever and a day to cum, didn't it? The fink
bastard!"

"Yeah, I kinda thought he was stretching it out, making it last. And
the longer it took, the more he drooled on me! All over a brand new
skirt! When he finally did get off, he had me take it all into my
palm. Ugh! Then, the old coot said he'd give me another twenty if I
licked it up and swallowed it!  Ugh to eternity! But I fixed the
fucker. I reached out and wiped it all off on his seersucker suit!"
She laughed, now remembering the look on his face. "You should have
seen the shocked look on his face, Wanda. Priceless!"

"I'll bet. Did you ever do anything else with him?" She didn't think
so.

"No, I paid my rent and found a new job that afternoon. It paid less,
but I didn't care at the time. I was just glad to get away from Mr.
Fripp, the turd!"

"Well, Jane, it may have been horrible at the time, but you lived
through it, didn't you?" Jane nodded meekly. "And you gained some life
experience. Now, this may or may not shock you, but, even at your age,
I would have fucked him, the gnarly, hundred year old bastard." She
grinned at Jane.

"Good God, why?"

"Three reasons. To see what it was like, curiosity and all, and to
toughen myself up against the real world. For the cash, obviously. And
last, but not least, for the cock. You see, Jane, when I was your age
I was a cock-hungry little slut. I couldn't get enough dick in me to
feel normal. I just loved cock. I was addicted to it. Sucking it.
Fucking it. Feeling it harden up. Feeling it shoot in me, whether into
my mouth or my cunt, or even, my ass. In a word, Janie, I was the
biggest whore in the frigging world!." Wanda laughed. Jane giggled.
This Wanda, she thought, is one for the books. 

Wanda went on: "You should have seen me in college days, my halcyon
days! Lordy, was I wild! I undoubtedly had the sluttiest reputation
imaginable, but I didn't give a fuck, so to speak. A roommate of mine
once told me, 'Wanda, the only thing a man has to do to get you in the
mood is to utter three little words: On your knees!' Lordy, was she
ever right!

"I kept a diary back then, I'll show you sometime, and when I added up
all the men after four years of college, I amazed myself when the
grand total came to 1,255! Slutty, huh?" Jane nodded, looking stunned.
And impressed.

"Is that why you opened this er, establishment, Wanda? Lotsa cock?"

"That, and lotsa cash!" She winked at Jane. "And now, my little
cocksucking cunt, after your hands on experience with my dear Jake,
tell me, are you on board, or not?" She grinned at Jane. "Why, dear, I
do believe you're blushing!" She was. "That Jake and his big 'un!"

Jane, her composure restored somewhat, looked at Wanda. "Wanda, you
old reprobate, you crazy woman, you . . . you . . . pipe me aboard,
Skipper!"

Wanda smiled at her and simply said, "Toot, toot!"

THE END!
