Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book One: The Priestess's Passion Thirteen: Priestess's Healing Cream
Summary: Things have gone horribly wrong for Illina. Will Kurg finish her off, or will Sir Bryce and Monica be in time to save her.
Keywords: MF MFF fantasy magic mc viol oral exhib voy public

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Illina  The Free City of Raratha

Kurg's foot crushed down on my chest. 

My ribs creaked as I struggled to draw in a breath. My heart's rhythm labored as I struggled against him. My hands swept out for anything to grab. I brushed over broken shards of the brandy bottle. I gripped one and stabbed at his leg.

The glass tip snapped against his greave, leaving a jagged spike of glass that bit into my hand. Blood slicked it. Kurg grinned and leaned over more. He put more of his weight on me, forcing the air out of my lungs.

Going to drag you by the haircuts back to Lady Alloria, he said. How'd you like that?

Hope... Las's cock... buggers you up... the ass... I managed to spit out.

He burst into laughter. He's welc

A blast of energy slammed into Kurg. It burst across his shoulder and spilled over his armor. Metal crumpled. He tumbled off of me and slammed into the building wall. He struck it and crashed to the ground in a clattering heap.

I sucked in mouthfuls of air. My chest hurt. Kurg groaned, his body twitching.

I didn't care what had happened. Anger boiled through me. Barg lay dying. Maybe dead. I scrambled to my feet and then threw myself at Kurg, gripping that sharp piece of glass tight in my hand. It cut into my palm, my blood dripping down the end.

You Gods damned bastard! I hissed as I straddled his chest. The fire had burned away his beard and scorched his face. 

His eyes focused on me as I thrust the glass shard into his vulnerable neck. It plunged into his flesh. He spasmed. Blood spurted when I wrenched my shank free. My hand thrust again and again, burying into his neck. Red gushed. It splattered across my face. It spilled up my hands.

I screamed out in violent rage, BARG! You killed him! You killed my Barg!

I plunged it in over and over, the pain bursting out of my throat. My yell turned into a shuddering sob as I kept plunging the knife. The body twitched beneath me. The glass thrust into tattered flesh, the ruin of his throat.

Tears spilled down my face. My shoulders shook as I sobbed for my love. Killed him!

Kurg's eyes went still. Pupils wide. He didn't make a sound. No gurgling as I thrust into the red ruin. The glass snapped as it struck bone. His spine. I threw it away and beat my fists into his breastplate as my entire body shook.

Someone hugged me from behind. He's dead, a woman said, her voice full of such compassion. She rocked me as my pain screamed out of my throat as raw, wordless fury. He won't hurt you. We're here for you, Illina. We're here for you. You're safe.

Her words cut through my grief. I threw a look over my shoulder to see a human face. Not a local. Her pale flesh marked her a Secaran or Zeutchian or Thosian. Pain brimmed in her brown eyes. W-who are you?

We've been looking for you, Illina. We need your help. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce

My ribs ground together as I stood. It hurt to breathe. My breastplate, crushed by the bugbear's blow, pressed into me tight. I wheezed as the bugbear lumbered at me, bellowing like a hungry ape. Saliva dripped from yellowing fangs.

I waited, holding the sword, battle exhilaration and Lagu's blessing sunk into my flesh keeping me standing, sharpening my reflexes, dulling the pain. The monster's arm slammed down, a club ending in flesh-rending claws.

Agony burst through my chest as I lunged to the right. The arm slammed down before me as I thrust my longsword before me. I thrust my blade into the beast's chest. The chiseled point rammed through leather-thick hide, glanced off a thick rib and slipped down and penetrated into its chest. Blood welled around the sword.

The bugbear howled and slammed its head down at me. The blow cracked into my helm. Metal crumpled. Stars burst before my eyes. A fuzzy daze rippled through my body. I staggered, head throbbing. My sword wrenched out of its chest.

I was inside its reach. Its arms raised to attack. I focused through the scattered thoughts, my arms moving almost on their own. I stabbed my blade again and again. I snarled wordless rage, fear and anger pumping through me.

My mission wouldn't end here. My quest to bring justice to that villain wouldn't end like this.

He took her from me! I snarled, my blade slammed into its chest again and again, Burying into it while its arms thrashed. She was mine! My wife! And he RUINED HER!

Blood spilled down its hide. It sprayed from holes. It bellowed in pain and fear. It turned to flee, not caring about killing me, but escape. I snarled out my anger at it.

No one escapes punishment! I roared and slashed at its leg. I cut through the back of its knee.

Its leg folded as its foot came down. It crashed to the ground. The monster snarled as I stumbled forward, head throbbing, struggling to breathe. I slammed my sword down into its back, punching through thick hide and slipping between ribs to carve into heart and lungs.

No one breaks the laws and escapes clean! I roared. NO ONE!

The monster gurgled. It shuddered, its rapine hungers extinguished by my blade. I thrust one more time into it and leaned against my sword. The world spun around me. Breaths wheezed. I gripped my sword as its thrashes slowed.

Stopped.

Bryce! My love!

I turned to see Monica rushing over. She opened her robes, baring her round breasts and shaved pussy. Her heart-shaped face burned with concern. I pulled off my helmet, letting the ruined metal fall to the ground. Blood ran hot down my face, spilling down my nose towards my lips. Darkness swirled on the edges of my vision.

I have you, my love, Monica said, her brown eyes full of pain. Kneel, my knight.

It hurt to breathe. I stared at her pussy, the promise it held, and groaned. I needed to get out of my armor. Repair it. Through the dazed fog, a prayer to my reluctant patron rose: Lagu, repair the instruments of my justice. 

The metal rang as the dent pressing on my chest popped out. My breastplate resumed its regular shape. I gasped, sucking in a full breath despite my broken ribs. I groaned and then I sank to my knees in a clatter of armor. The prayer stole the last of my strength. I couldn't draw on Lagu again. Not for some time.

Just drink, my love, she purred and seized my hair. She pulled my face to her pussy. To the sweetness of her bred cunt.

I licked at her in a daze. The pain throbbed through me. It held me in its tight grip, but nothing could stop my tongue from sliding through her pussy folds. I stroked her flesh. She gasped and moaned, her body shaking, breasts quivering as she stared down at me with such love in her brown eyes.

Flashes of another woman staring at me shot through my mind. I threw those thoughts away, fleeing the pain. The agony. The rage. My mailed hands grabbed Monica's ass. I snarled into her cunt and devoured her with hunger.

Yes, yes, my love, she moaned, her body swaying. That's it. Drink my healing juices. She closed her eyes and found her orgasm.

She came faster than she ever had. The passion gushed out of her, bathing my face. She drowned me in her cream. She gave me the healing bliss I needed. Her juices flowed down my throat. I gulped them down with hunger. I swallowed every drop that she had to offer. It was such a treat to imbibe. I shuddered as my tongue devoured everything she had.

Every drop of bliss left in her twat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina

I staggered towards the robed woman who'd hugged me. The knight feasted on her pussy as he knelt beside the corpse of Bug. The bugbear looked so pathetic now. I staggered, my chest aching. My hand bled, my blue mixing with Kurg's blood hot and red on my flesh.

A woman darted up to me as the knight feasted on her. A local. She handed me a wet towel, her eyes wide. I took it and wiped at my face, cleaning off the blood. More stained my body. My toga. I shuddered and ripped it off of me. It had nothing I needed on it. The only two things of value I still had were safely hidden. I'd smuggled the necklace and my notes out of Fox's lair.

Barg...

He lay dying. If he wasn't dead. 

The blood wiped off my naked body, wrapped the cloth around my hand, letting my blue blood gather in there. My body would slowly heal. I recovered from injuries faster than other races. The God Krab's work.

The robed woman gasped in orgasmic bliss. Her knight licked down her juices and groaned. His mailed hands tightened. I moved towards her and frowned to see the swollen knot on his head retracting.

You're a healer! I gasped, darting towards the woman. I grabbed her hand as she trembled through her climax.

I am, she said. While I'm pregnant. I'm Monica, Illina, and this is Sir Bry

I don't care if he's the damned king of all the leprechauns, I hissed. He might still be alive! He's badly injured.

Lead the way, Monica said without hesitation, her hand gripping mine. I will heal him if I can.

Hope surged through me. I pulled her through the crowd. The knight clattered to his feet behind her as I dragged her through the watching people. Those who had fled were creeping back in. Guards were moving closer now, pushing through the throng.

If they tried to stop me...

Barg had to be alive. I couldn't lose him. He'd been my protector since mother went off to break into the Black Vault a decade ago. He'd finished raising me. He took my virginity when I begged him. I loved him. I couldn't lose my barguest.

He has to still be alive, I said, dragging the priestessfor she had to be a priestess to have healing pussy creamforward. I marched naked and didn't care. My red hair swayed about my face. He's alive. He's strong.

I am sure he is, Monica said, not complaining as I hauled her past the ruined wineshop.

It went so badly. That bastard Kurg! It had felt so good to kill him.

The dwarf?

Yes! A fierce, righteous anger boiled through me. He hit him with a hammer. He broke his back. I had to leave him. They were attacking me. Him and the harpy. And then that damn bugbear showed up. Even that Las-cursed fencer.

I... see... Monica said. Just get me to him.

I did. I dragged her from the crowd and down the streets. I headed to the alley and towards the catastrophe. There were shouts and curses. It sounded like a riot was going on as I led them down the street parallel to the ambush. I reached the alley Barg should be lying in.

He was still there at the mouth, on his back. I couldn't tell if he lived or died. Beyond, Lord Valis's guards swung their thiefcatchers to drive back the mobs swarming them. Scooping up fistfuls of the spilled gold from the crashed wagon.

Don't let them get a single coin! shouted the shrill Lord Valis.

Barg lay unnoticed. I broke into a run, letting go of Monica's hand. I rushed to him and fell to my knees beside him, terror squeezing about my heart. Its rhythm grew erratic. Terror pumped through my circulatory system. 

Barg? croaked from my voice.

Ill... ina... wheezed from him.

Hope surged through me. You're alive! I threw a look at Monica. He's alive.

Don't feel... alive, protested the barguest.

But you are! Hurry, Monica! Please, please, hurry!

Roll him onto his back, she said. He has to drink my pussy juices.

Yes, I said and rolled him over. His lower half didn't move, legs flopping as he spilled onto his back. His black face twisted in pain. Sweat gleamed across his features. He panted, arms spasming. She's going to heal you, Barg. Just have to eat her pussy. I forced a smile. I know you like eating pussy.

You know... me well... His eyes stared up at me. Feared you were... dead.

Take more than a pissed-off dwarf and a bugbear to kill me. I gave a vicious grin. I killed him. Kurg. I set his beard on fire and cut his throat to bloody ruin.

That's my... Illina...

I kissed his knuckles as Monica straddled his head. She lowered herself down to his mouth. Metal clanked behind me. The knight marched up, sword sheathed, face still stained in blood, but it was drying. His eyes were sharp. Another Secaran or Thosian man, probably the former since Thosian didn't have an order of knights. He had a serious look. Focused intensity.

A man who let nothing stop him from achieving a goal. And he and Monica were looking for me. Why?

That's it, Monica whimpered. Just lick at my pussy. Taste my juices.

The knight marched past us to the alley mouth. He planted himself there, blocking it, a guard watching the chaos as Valis sought to protect what gold remained to him. How much did Fox's halflings steal from the wagon before Kurg and his crew interrupted everything?

How pissed off was the crime boss at me?

I kissed Barg's knuckles as his jaw moved. Monica ground her pussy on him, her breasts shifting from side to side. She had her eyes squeezed shut. Her mouth parted as little moans and whimpers escaped her lips.

Lick that priestess's pussy good, I said, and pulled his hand to my breast. I rubbed it against my nipple, pleasure sparking from it. Just drink down all those juices. That's it.

He growled. His chest rose and fell. His hand tightened on my breast. A good sign. I glanced down his body, wrapped in a toga. The swell of his cock appeared. A bulge formed. That had to be an even better sign.

Just devour that priestess's cunt, I moaned. She must be a servant of Slata.

I'm a leywife of Pater, she answered.

I thought all priests of Pater were male. Him being the God of fatherhood and male virility and all.

I said I'm a leywife. Her hands touched her naked belly. I carry proof of my God's virility in me.

Oh, I said. Pregnant. I could get pregnant by creating a copy of myself, building my daughter out of the sexual fluids of men who fired their seed in me. I could store their cum in me, slowly building her in my womb. 

Just like my mother did me.

A human woman had no control over it after the jizz fired into her twat. If she became pregnant or not, it was up to the vagaries of biology. It seemed sad they couldn't choose when to have their sons or daughters.

My child gives me powers, she moaned, grinding her pussy on Barg's mouth. It is how I saved you.

I swallowed. Great, I was in their debt. First Fox and now this pair. I glanced at the knight. Why did they want to save me?

Barg growled. His hand tightened on my breast. His cock thrust against the toga. My left hand, not cut like my right, reached in and pulled his cock out. That ebony shaft, thick and long. I stroked him, pumping up and down slowly.

You feel that, Barg? Is the feeling coming back to your legs? I pumped up and down him while he snarled into the priestess's cunt. He devoured her and she shuddered. Her face squeezed shut.

Sorry, my love, she gasped and then she shuddered through her orgasmic bliss.

The knight shifted, armor clinking, as he plugged the alley up from any of the mob spilling in. The priestess gasps and moans echoed down it. Her body shook, breasts jiggling round and plump. Her pussy juices spilled over Barg's chin.

He growled in delight. His legs spasmed and twitched. They moved. His cock throbbed in my stroking hand. He squeezed my tit hard. I shuddered, my nipple rubbing into his palm. He recovered, my own cunt growing hot with delight.

Barg! I shouted.

He has recovered, she moaned. He drank all my pussy juices. She rose and staggered, her robes shaking.

Barg snarled, a growl of canine lust. I gasped as he bolted to his feet, ripping my hand from his dick. His eyes looked wild with lust. He grabbed Monica. She gasped as he spun her to the side and pressed her against the wall, his cock thrusting out hard before him.

I am sorry, noble lady, but you have stirred something powerful in me! He lunged down to kiss her.

A mailed hand thrust before his face and threw him back. The knight had spun around, murder in his eyes. Barg hit the opposite alley wall with a grunt, his cock twitching and throbbing. The knight stepped between him and the woman, hand on the sword hilt.

I rose to my feet and gasped, Barg?

His eyes fell on me with feverish heat. Her juices have inflamed my blood to the point that thought is proving difficult.

Well, then fuck me, I said, his eyes roaming my body. I gave him a wicked grin. Just sati

Barg snarled with animal lust. My shapechanging lover grabbed my shoulders and slammed me into the wall. It was violent. Masculine. My pussy burst with delight. He kissed me hard, lips stained in sweet pussy juices. His hands slid down from my shoulder, stroking my skin while his cock humped at my hairless pussy, thrusting at me and sliding up my stomach.

I groaned, kissing him hard. His hands found the sides of my breasts. He squeezed and kneaded them. My clit ached as his cock's tip struck it. It surged up against me. A frantic whine burst from his throat. He kissed me with such hunger. 

Healing him had unleashed his animalistic passion. His hands squeezed my breasts as he kept thrusting at me, trying to get his cock in me but too lost to his lust to aim it properly. I had to help him.

I needed him in me.

I grabbed his cock and pressed it into my pussy. He thrust forward and this time he was in me. He rammed into me and fucked me hard with bestial lust. I gasped as he sank into me. My arms went around him, holding him as he pinned me to the wall.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped, reveling in his cock surging in me. The pain in my cut hand faded as the pleasure rippled through me. Mmm, use that pussy. You're alive, Barg! You're healed! You can fuck!

Indeed, I can, he said, his face right before mine. He thrust hard, pinning me to the wall. The stones were rough on my back and rump. He felt incredible as he buried into me again and again. You have quite the treasure between your thighs, you know that.

Mmm, I do, I groaned, staring into my lover's eyes. So fuck me hard. Pump that dick in and out of me. Yes, yes, just like that! Oh, my god, bury that cock into me. Fuck me! Make me cum on you!

He growled and then kissed me. His tongue thrust into my mouth. My thighs wrapped around him. I held him tight, my hips rotating from side to side, stirring his cock around inside my pussy. The pleasure rippled through my body. That incredible bliss built and built in me.

It sent me hurtling towards my next orgasm. That wonderful burst of bliss that would explode through my body. I groaned, my cunt clenching around him. I held him tight, reveling in his dick hammering me.

He pumped hard and deep into me. He fucked me hard. The power of his strokes rippled through my body. I groaned, kissing him with passion. My tongue danced with his. It was incredible to enjoy. I whimpered into his mouth.

He stroked me. Caressed me. His hands teased me. I trembled beneath him. I reveled in every hard plunge of his cock into my pussy. Because it meant he was alive. He had survived. We both had. I whimpered and groaned into the kiss.

My pussy drank in that hot friction. My nervous system conducted the bliss through my body.

My orgasm built.

His pubic bone slammed into my clit. The pleasure burst from my sensitive nub. The sparks surged through my body. I felt dizzy from the bliss. My tongue darted and danced through his mouth. My fingernails clawed at his back. My thighs squeezed about his waist. I held him tight.

His powerful strokes drove into me. They fucked me hard and fast. They buried to the hilt in my pussy. An incredible bliss. I whimpered and groaned, squeezing my cunt around on his big cock. His dick thrust so hard and deep into me.

I loved it.

I never wanted him to stop. He could fuck me like this forever. My tongue danced in his mouth. I reveled in the hot taste of him. The feel of his cock burying into my pussy again and again. The pleasure surged over me.

My pussy squeezed tight on him. My twat worshiped his cock as he buried into me over and over. It was incredible. His balls smacked into my taint. Heavy with his cum. I wanted him to spurt in me. I wanted his cum in me.

Maybe I should make a daughter out of his essence...

I broke the kiss and moaned, Barg! Barg! Love you!

My thief! he groaned. You are indeed the most delightful thing in this world.

You're just saying that because my pussy feels amazing on your dick!

Indubitably, he panted. But, still, you are a refreshing spring, a delight to sup from. I could drown in you happily.

Mmm, drowning in my cunt! Oh, yes, yes, ram that in me. Knot me!

Not wise to do here on the street, he panted, but my lusts are running wild. I appear unable to stop from fucking you with all my might.

Good! Good! I shuddered, squirming my hips, rubbing my ass into the wall. Use my body! You're alive, Barg! You're alive to fuck me again!

Something I am forever grateful to enjoy!

He plunged that cock deep and hard into me. It was incredible. His dick slammed deep into my twat. He filled me to the hilt. I gasped out in pure rapture. It was a delight to experience. I squeezed my snatch around him as he buried so hard and deep into me. I whimpered and gasped. My pleasure surged towards that explosive release.

I craved it. Ached for it. This wonderful rapture built and built in me. He drove me towards this awesome burst of bliss. Dizzying heat spilled through me. My pussy clenched down him, increasing the bliss rippling through me.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, my god, that's amazing. Just... Oh, just keep plowing that dick into me. Let me feel that knot building. I want to cum hard with your cock tied in me.

My nubile and delightful thief! he growled. I am afraid you will not escape my knot!

I grinned. Yes! Capture me with your cock!

He groaned and thrust into my depths, churning me up. The pleasure rippled out of me. The wash of bliss flooded through me. I felt electrified. The pleasure surged to the hilt in me. I gasped and moaned, savoring every last plunge of his dick into me. 

His knot ballooned.

The base of his cock swelled too thick to easily ram into me. I loved this part as he thrust forward hard. The thick bulge slammed into my pussy lips. The bruising impact hit my labia. I reveled in the ache as they stretched and stretched to take him.

It felt incredible. Every thrust sent a burst of pleasure flooding from my cuntlips. They struggled to swallow him, stretching more each time. I grinned, my hips wiggling from side to side. He would knot me. Fill me up. It would be incredible. I was so ready for that moment to happen.

Come on! I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's it. Just slam that dick into me. Knot me, Barg!

My Illina! he snarled and thrust hard.

I gasped as my pussy lips widened and swallowed his knot. He buried into me. He tied me. His cum fired hot into me. My cunt spasmed as the wild bliss burst inside of me. I clutched him with arms and legs. With my writhing twat.

My Barg lived. We survived. 

I screamed out my celebration in wordless bliss. He howled with me, pumping more and more of his seed in me. I gasped and shuddered, collecting his jizz for the first time, storing it in my womb for the future.

I almost lost my barguest.

I whimpered and moaned, my pussy writhing and shuddering. I milked more and more of him with my hungry cunt. My legs squeezed about him while he dumped his monstrous sperm into me. I reveled in his cock's swollen base stretching out my flesh.

My barguest! I moaned.

My naughty and nubile thief, he panted. I have you. Captured you. You're not going anywhere.

No, I'm not! I panted, delight surging through me. I held him tight and rode these wonderful feelings for as long as I could.

My Barg was alive. I didn't lose him. Tears suddenly sprang from my eyes. They malfunctioned. I shouldn't be crying. Not when I felt so amazing. I kissed him as I shuddered and sobbed and reveled in bliss all at the same time.

He lived. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica

My apologies for having to orgasm on his mouth, I said to Bryce after he interposed himself between me and the strange man. It was the only way to heal him.

I understand, he said. But no further.

You're Lagu's paladin, but you follow the teachings of Luben? Luben was the god of marriage and love. Faithful love. Not lust, that was the God Las, but undying romance. Of commitment to a single partner. He wore the checkered locket, black and white, the symbol of the god. Most couples didn't choose to be married by the priests of the God of Love. 

Most people saw no harm in extra-marital pleasures. So long as you didn't let them interfere in your marriage, it was seen as a harmless pastime. Marrying in a Lubenite ceremony was a statement that you needed no other to fulfill you for the rest of your life. That you had found all you need in the one you loved.

Did he expect that from me? Yes. And I didn't mind. I could be happy having only him. 

Yes, my love, I said, smiling at him. I would get him to smile. To be happy again. To mend his heart from the loss of his first wife. His first love. I could never replace her, but I could join her in his heart. No further. I didn't want to go farther. I was shocked that he sprang at me.

He's barguest, said Bryce. I did not expect him to be here. He was a partner to Illina's mother.

And now the daughter, I said a naughty shiver running through me. Lucky barguest. I frowned. That's a shapechanger.

Turns into something that resembles a hound. No hair in either form. It sounds like you awakened his beast.

I glanced around him to the couple fucking, entwined and moaning. Nothing to do but wait for them to finish. Unless...

Bryce smiled. It's too much effort to get out of this armor and there are threats.

As the couple kept fucking, oblivious to everything, members of the city watch appeared. They wore bronze breastplates that had a burnish gleam to them, almost like a reddish gold. They marched up with a swagger and frowned.

Sir Knight, the captain said, a Valyan man with a thick, red mustache that contrasted with the bluish tint of his skin. Lord Valis claims that the woman there is the thief who attempted to rob him.

Bryce glanced at Illina. I am a paladin of Lagu. She's in my custody.

You're, uh, custody, sir? The captain swallowed. She looks like she is in the custody of her, uh, partner in crime.

They are not going anywhere, Bryce said. I am invoking my right as a servant of the Law. Do you intend to argue my claim or my right to seize her?

I could feel the weight of his words. The strength of his conviction. It was like the Law had taken the shape of a man. Not any mortal law, but the divine law of the Goddess who created it. It was rare across the world where any authority would deny the Goddess's servants their interpretation of it. They were sworn to Lagu.

I... see. The guard glanced at them. What do you intend to do?

Remove them from the city. They have much to answer for.

The captain looked over his shoulder at the shouting merchant. He stood by a ruined wagon. Servants were collecting gold coins into a burlap sack. Had Illina been robbing him? Was that dwarf a servant of this man stopping a thief.

Just what had Bryce and I walked into.

She, uh, also killed a bounty hunter, the guard said. 

So she did, said Bryce. And? Does that change my right to take her as my prisoner.

Er, no sir. The guard ran his hand over the back of his neck. And Lord Valis's stolen gold.

I don't see any gold on her, the paladin said. Is he sure she did anything at all to him? What is his evidence.

She was in the vicinity when, the, er, robbery occurred.

So she is guilty by proximity. A poor standard. If I were a servant of Iustia, I would be offended. You cannot find Justice on such flimsy evidence. But I serve Lagu. She has broken laws. That is good enough for me.

Very good. He wiped his brow. If she's caught outside your custody though...

This is your city. If she is found on her own and you feel she must be arrested, tried, and punished, that is your prerogative is it not?

Indeed. The guard backed up. We'll, uh, let you have the thief, sir. Lagu's strictures are obeyed.

I stared at Bryce with amusement. He handled that well. He turned around and faced the couple. They were gasping, moaning, reaching the pinnacle. She was begging to be tied. To be knotted and captured.

What did that mean?

Finally, they came down from their orgasmic bliss, but they did not break apart. She kept hugging him, pinned to the wall. They were luxuriating in their pleasure, not caring at all about the activity around them. People watched at both ends of the alley.

So, you're looking for me, Illina said, staring at us over Barg's shoulder.

We need your help, I said. For a dangerous mission. An important one.

I'd imagine so for a knight to search me out.

I'm a Paladin of Lagu, he said instead. I need you to break into Cernere's Black Vault.

The thief sucked in a deep breath. The barguest growled and looked over his shoulder, glaring at the man. The pair still stayed coupled together. It was a strange thing to witness. Why didn't they break apart?

Are you trying to entrap me, paladin? she asked, eyes narrowing in suspicion.

I would not do that, he answered. Lagu does not approve of such means. Enticing someone to break the law is breaking it yourself.

Uh-huh, I said. And yet you want me to break into Cernere's Black Vault and steal something.

Is it stealing if what it holds was already taken illegally? Bryce fixed the thief a questioning look. Or are we merely reclaiming someone's rightful property.

Are we returning it to them?

Eventually. He moved closer. Do you want the job. If not, the guards of Raratha are most keen to arrest you. Robbery. Murder of a bounty hunter. Who knows what else.

He tried to kill me, Illina muttered.

He had the authority to do so. Bryce gave her a hard look. Your decision?

How do you even know about Cernere's Black Vault? muttered Illina. And why do you know about me?

I once hired a thief to do it to stop a dangerous man. She died in the attempt. He didn't look away even as the color drained from her face. You're her daughter. Can you succeed where she failed?

Yes, Illina said with confidence despite her paling features.

Good, I said, letting out a heavy breath of relief. We're going to save Pater.

The thief gave me a strange look. Her brow furrowed. Then she glanced at the Paladin. You just got to deal with Fox. He thinks he owns me. I owe him. A lot. And he's not going to be happy about that mess over there.

Bryce shrugged his shoulders, his armor rattling. 

And the sniffers are on every gate. I can't get out of the city.

Don't worry about it, he said. I'm a paladin of Lagu. You're my prisoner.

Illina burst into laughter, her head thrown back, her mocking mirth rippling through the alleyway. She clung to her lover. The ridicule in it set my teeth on edge. This was not funny. She was not taking this perilous quest at all seriously. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan

Half of it's gone, my husband spluttered. He'd returned not long ago, his face bruised and bloody. A new wagon holding his wealth. He'd returned it to here. Half! This is bad, Alloria.

Sounds like it, I said, my stomach sinking. But Kurg kept her from getting the rest. See, my hiring of him wasn't a waste of your money like you whined about.

And? He let out a hysterical laugh as he waddled his fat form back and forth. This is going to bring us down. My enemies are going to come. My creditors will demand payment on loans immediately. I'll be insolvent. He sank down into his chair, his blue face going gray now. If I don't secure loansloans that will beggar meI'll be lucky to escape the workhouses. Imagine me, having to do labor.

I backed out of the room, my stomach squirming. I needed my husband's wealth and power. I didn't have my necklace back. That Kurg better show up with it. I felt naked without it. The years would advance. My body would grow old.

Which rich man would take me as his wife then? How would I survive? Soon, I'd be out on the street. I shuddered and retreated through the house, marching down corridors open to the sea breeze blowing in off the Nimborgoth. My toga rustled about me, the silk clinging to my body.

I wouldn't be able to afford silks. No more perfumes and unguents. I'd have to grub for moldy scraps of bread. I wasn't going back to that life. I schemed and plotted and clawed my way out of that mess. 

That damned thief. I would peel the flesh off her of strip-by-strip. Where was Kurg? Why hadn't he returned by now? It had been hours according to my blubbering husband. I reached my rooms, my stomach twisting. 

I had to think. Who would I seduce? One of my husband's enemies? Lord Servin? He needed a woman. He would find it poetic to not only bring my husband down but to claim his beautiful wife. He could take me as a spoil. So long as I got access to his money and all the finery it would buy.

Yes, yes, he was perfect.

Yellia, I need you to carry a message to... My words trailed off at the sight of the handsome and dashing Zeutchian man standing in my room. A rapier hung off his belt, the pommel marked with the Fencing College of Az's insignia. He wore tight, leather pants that showed off his other sword's prowess, and a flowing, linen shirt left unlaced to allow his muscular chest to peek out.

I normally had little interest in men, but...

You're Swift, I said, my eyes flicking up and down him. You're one of those who worked with Kurg.

The only one still alive, he said. My lady.

Kurg is... dead? The dread his name always conjured squeezing bout my heart relaxed. I couldn't help but take some joy in that. My smile grew for a moment. I hoped Dauthaz saw him punished in the next life. Vile creature. And the thief?

'Captured' by a paladin of Lagu.

My heart tightened all over again. Captured?

He took custody of her, but he did not clap her in chains. They spoke with... cordial respect. He looked more like an employer hiring a maid than a paladin arresting a criminal. But the guards acquiesced. It won't be long before he has her out of the city.

And my necklace? Fear squeezed my chest now for real. Not the nebulous threat that Kurg represented. This would be disastrous. I need that back. I can't lose it.

He shrugged.

I glared at him and marched into his face. You don't care? Las's putrid cum, you think this is a game! I need it! Do you know what she stole from you!

Nope. I am just informing you that the contract is unfulfilled. I'm here to collect my pay and leave.

Anger shot through me. Fear. I couldn't lose the necklace. You're going to help me.

She killed Kurg, his pet bugbear, and the harpy. She's not human. I'm not

I threw my arms around him and kissed him, cutting off his whining. I needed help. My tongue thrust into his mouth. I kissed him with hunger and pulled him to the bed. I paused there, my hands sliding down his body. I reached his pants. I squeezed at his cock through the leather.

I broke the kiss and worked at the lacings. You better not be swift in bed.

Only in a fight, my lady, he said, his eyes burning bright. I'll fuck you, but I'm not helping you.

Mmm, we'll see if I can't convince you, I purred, my pussy on fire. I preferred women, but no man could resist my pussy. He would fall under the naughty enchantment I had on my cunt. I didn't have to worry about my husband ever leaving me.

No man would after enjoying my pussy. Not so long as I was young and beautiful, that I could stir passion in their veins with my body's perfection.

I loved the way I could dominate them. It was worth letting them have that taste of my cunt. I would just make Yellia or one of my other sluts lick me clean once he finished in me. 

I ripped into his pants and pulled him out. Thick and hard. I broke away and groaned as his hands ripped my toga off of me, unwinding the silk. He bared my naked body. My excitement swelled as I sank down on the bed.

Fuck me hard!

He pounced on me. He was on me in a flash, slamming that cock into me. I gasped at the feel of his thickness in me. A real cock. It had been years since I let my husband in me. This was no dildo. No smooth metal or polished stone. This was hot and living flesh. I shuddered, my twat squeezing around his girth. 

I hated how much I loved this.

He ripped off his leather vest and pulled off his shirt. He had a muscular body. Strong and fit. Scars adorned him, proof of the duels he'd survived. I ran my hands over him, picturing him killing that bitch for me.

He rammed his rapier right through the thief while I ripped my necklace off her neck. 

I shuddered, my cunt squeezing tight around his cock. He thrust hard and fast. He groaned as the magic wreathing my pussy sank into him. When he came, it would claim him.

Yes, yes, you're going to help me! I moaned, squeezing my pussy around his cock. His dick thrust hard into me. Fast. Aren't you?

Uh-huh, he panted, his dick plunging into my depths. He fucked me with hard strokes. Powerful strokes. He rammed that dick into me. He buried fast and hard, his crotch slamming into my shaved pussy lips. My clit. I'll... I'll... I'll help you!

Yes, you will, I moaned, my pussy clenching down on him. I squeezed my thighs around his waist and then I twisted.

He didn't fight me. He rolled onto his back and I followed, mounting him. His cock shifted inside my pussy as I ended up on top of him. I clenched my pussy around him, my black hair spilling about my face as I worked my hips from side to side. I stirred his dick around in my twat.

You're going to do what I say, aren't you? I asked, clenching my snatch around him.

Gods, yes! he moaned. Slata's hairy cunt, I will!

I smiled at him, riding up and down his cock, the stimulation building and building. Why are you going to do what I want?

Your pussy! he moaned. Gods, your pussy is amazing. It's the best cunt I've ever been in.

That's right! I slammed down him, I bottomed out on his cock and then slid back up him, my pussy clinging to him the entire time. He groaned, his hands grabbing my ass. He held me tight. I loved it, my pussy throbbing. Aching. Mine is the best! You love it! Worship it! Would do anything for it!

Yes, yes, yes! he gasped. I need to cum in you!

I shuddered, knowing the enchantment on my cunt had him. He was a weak man. And when he spilled his seed in me, it would settle into his permanently. I slammed down his cock, taking his dick to the hilt in me. My back arched. My breasts heaved before me. They bounced and jiggled while the pleasure burst inside my pussy.

I came on his cock.

Flood me with your seed! I hissed. Yes, yes, yes, give me all that cum!

He groaned and erupted. His hot cum fired into my pussy. Jizz pumped into me over and over. The hot spunk erupted into my pussy. The pleasure of his jizz flooding me rushed through my body. I groaned, stars bursting before me. 

It was incredible. My head swayed. My body bucked. The pleasure rippled through me again and again. I groaned, drinking in the delight that dominating this man gave me. Every spurt of his jizz into my cunt bound him tighter and tighter to me.

Yes, yes, yes! I howled. Oh, that's good. Mmm, you're going to be my little slave boy, aren't you, Swift?

Yes, my Lady! 

I shuddered and leaned over him. We are not letting that thief escape the city. We're going to capture her and get back my necklace.

He nodded. That's right, my Lady.

Mmm, such a good tool, I moaned, squeezing my pussy around his cock. Now, how are we

The door burst open. I gasped to see my husband stalking in. He marched to the bed, not caring that I was naked. He stared at me and groaned, What am I going to do, Alloria? I'm ruined. We're ruined.

I smiled, enjoying the big cock in me. So much larger than my husband's. Swift's wasn't bad, for a man's dick. Not bad at all. I need money to hire more mercenaries. Go. This will help you survive.

It will.

Yes, I said, hiding my laughter. We're going after the thief who stole it.

His eyes brightened. Then he nodded and rushed out with more obeisance than he'd shown in years. Maybe I should have fucked him a little more often. 

I leaned over my new tool. Now, who do you know that can help us capture Illina?

We should talk to Fox, Swift said. He shifted. He was protecting her. I never told Kurg because I didn't want to bring that heat on me.

Who is Fox?

The largest power in the underworld at the moment, Swift said. A halfling thief. Illina was supposed to steal all that money for him. She didn't. There's already talk of a bounty on her head. It's buzzing through the street.

Good. Arrange a meeting. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  The Blath Hills, Kingdom of Valya

Magistrate trotted down the slope as the highway wound through the Blath Hills. My angel Ahlona and I were in central Valya, days away from reaching Raratha. Our enemy wouldn't be able to stay ahead of us forever. We would rescue the pregnant leywife he'd taken.

And then we'd kill him.

I'd protect my divine father. Confidence brimmed in me. Summoning Verdik's shade had proven that I had skills beyond what I thought I possessed. I might wear the blue robes, but I was a demigod. Pater's blood flowed through me.

And I had Ahlona.

My angel held tight as I stared down the road, past the dark shadow skittering before us following the trail of the enemy. I couldn't believe the eagerness I felt to find this man, but he was evil. He had the temple butchered, captured that frightened woman carrying my half-sibling, and threatened to create chaos in the world.

My blood sang to stop him. Nothing would prevent me.

The goblin's shade led the way, bringing us closer and closer to the confrontation. I would need all my skill and cunning to win the day. But I had Ahlona at my side. Feeling her riding behind me, her arms around me, strengthened me.

Heartened me.

Justice would be delivered on this villain.

The END of Book One
