The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except it may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or at www.storiesonline.net 

Copyright   December 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, CAUTION.  Remember this is a wild MC tale with many story codes starting with
incest.  My thanks to Morgan for editing and assistance.  E.Z.


GRANDPA AND ME

Chapter 6

Red-skinned and sheened with sweat, her pussy wet from her orgasm, her legs splayed, her wrists
tied to the headboard, her nipples hard with ongoing passion, Julie was a carnal vision.  As she
watched me undress, her face reflected her needs, which made my need for her even greater, if
that was possible.  When she stared unabashedly at my cock as it popped into view, she licked
her lips.       

"Rick?  Are you going to rape me now?" 

"Yes," I replied.

"It's about time," she whispered in a low, throaty voice.   

She blushed crimson, but wiggled all over, as I crawled between her legs.  I lifted her legs up,
trapping them in the crooks of my arms.  My cock was searching for her opening as I kissed her,
but before it found it's home, the door opened.  Julie squealed and tried to kick me away as her
mom, my mom and Grandpa walked in.

"Mother!  I couldn't stop him.  He tied me up and was going to rape me.  He . . . "

"Be quiet, Julie," Patty said firmly.  

Julie's mouth dropped open.  She couldn't believe her Mom wasn't mad, but Patty's eyes
twinkled as she looked at me.  

"Have you had sex with her yet, Rick?" she asked.

"No, I haven't."

"She's not on the pill.  Do you want to get her pregnant now?"

"Holy shit, no."

Patty laughed.  "I'll fit her for a diaphragm in the morning and I'll start her on the pill.  Tonight
you better use a condom." 

"Mother?" Julie asked incredulously.  "What are you saying?"

Patty sat down on the bed by her daughter.  

"I'm saying that you and Rick are going to have sex and that it's all right with me.  Karl, Vicki,
and I had a long talk downstairs." 

Julie suddenly realized the others were in the room.  She blushed again and twisted to cover
herself.

"Mother," Julie whispered.  "Mrs. Miller and a man are here."

"This is Karl Miller, Rick's grandfather," Patty said as she straightened Julie's legs.  "Don't hide
yourself, honey." 

"Mom," Julie whimpered as she crossed her ankles.   

"Julie?" Grandpa said.  Julie stared at him without responding.  "I'm Rick's grandfather.  Call
me Karl."  Grandpa's kindly expression morphed into a scowl, making Julie wince.  "Did you
hear what your mother said?" he asked.

"Yes, sir," Julie answered.

"Then spread your legs so that I can see you."

When Julie hesitated, Patty uncrossed her legs and pulled one toward her.  Grandpa pulled the
other one and Julie was opened for all to see.  

"Do as Karl says, honey," Patty said firmly.  

"Mom, what's happening?" Julie asked.

"We were talking about sex.  I was telling you that we had a talk downstairs.  Then I had sex
with Karl."

"You what?" Julie squeaked. She tried to sit up, but the ropes held her in place.  

"You heard me.  Karl and I fucked, if you prefer that word."

"Did you say fuck?" Julie gasped.

"Yes, I did and I'll say it again.  Fuck.  It's a good word and Karl's a good fuck."  Patty grinned
and sighed.  "I'd forgotten how good sex is, how absolutely delightful it made me feel.  I'm sorry
I stopped you from having sex with Rick, honey, but I won't do it again.  I want you to have sex
with him as much as he wants."

"Mother, are you sick or something?"

"No.  I'm well for the first time in years."

"I don't believe you.  This is a trick," Julie said, still not believing her mother's change in
attitude. 

"It's no trick."

"All right then.  Tell me exactly what I have your permission to do," Julie demanded.

"You have my permission to be Rick's woman and to do anything he asks of you.  You have my
permission to love him and to love sex.  Is that clear?"

"It was clear, but I don't believe it."                 

Patty laughed as she stroked the lips of Julie's pussy, retrieving a dollop of pussy juice. 

"Mother!" Julie squealed.  

Patty smelled her finger and then sucked the juices from it.  "It looks like you're enjoying sex
already," Patty said.  "Karl and Rick need to talk to you, so I'll leave you alone with them." 

"Mother, don't leave," Julie called, but Patty and Mom went out the door.  

Julie crossed her legs again and Grandpa opened them. 

"Rick, what's going on?" Julie asked. 

"It sounds like your mother realizes how much fun sex is and she wants you to have fun, too."

"That's what it sounds like, but she doesn't sound like my mother," Julie replied. 

Grandpa reached in his pocket.  "Can I talk to you alone, Grandpa?" I asked.

"Sure," he replied.

We went out in the hall to talk.

"Grandpa, I don't want to program her now."

"Why not?"

"I want our first to be the way she really feels."

"We should do it, Rick."

"Please," I pleaded.

"All right.  We'll program her in the morning."  Grandpa grinned.   "I guess you noticed her
mother's in the fold.  You were right, Rick.  She's a beautiful and sexy woman.  I'll be really
pleased with her on one side of me and your mother on the other."

"You fucked her downstairs?"

"Of course, and now I'm going to do it again.  Here.  You'll need these."

He handed me three condoms. 

"Have fun, Rick."

Julie stared at me as I walked back into her bedroom.

"What's happening?" she asked.

"We're going to fuck," I said.

"Where's my mother?"

"In her bedroom."

"Doing what?"

"Having sex with Grandpa and Mom."

"I don't believe you."

"Yes, you do," I said.

"I want to see.  Let me go."

"Julie, what did I tell you?"

"That I'd be your sex slave and that's fine for playing, but this is serious.  I need to see my
mother."

I didn't reply.  

"Let me go now, Rick," she commanded.

She squealed when I grabbed her left leg, rolled her half way over, and pinned her knee to the
bed.  She squirmed knowing her ass with exposed.  When I drew back my hand, she barked "no"
and tried to kick her way free, but she couldn't move much.  She was vulnerable and helpless. 
Damn, I liked that. 

That's when I noticed it - the hollow between her rib cage and her hip bone.  The sexy narrows
that are soft and squeezable.  She gasped when I nibbled at the bottom rib and kissed my way
down her side. 

"Rick," she murmured.  "Please don't."

I swatted her ass lightly.

"Don't ever tell me 'don't' again," I commanded.

"You're so demanding.  What's gotten into you?"

"Nothing's gotten into me, but I'll be getting into you anytime I want."

"Rick, I want you, too, but something's wrong with my mother and I need to see her.  Please.  It
won't take long."

While Julie was sincere in her pleading that wasn't what swayed me.  I wanted to see what the
three of them were doing.   

"We'll do it my way," I said.

She gave me a sexy little half smile.  "I wouldn't expect anything else."

I undid one of the ropes from the headboard and used it to tie Julie's wrists behind her.  The
other rope I fashioned into a leash.  Her eyes twinkled at me when I snugged it around her neck.

"Do you plan to keep me leashed all the time?" she asked coquettishly.

"Do you think I need to?"

"Maybe," she teased.  

I spun her around and swatted her naked ass hard enough to leave a red hand print, before I
pulled her against me.

"What did you say?" I asked.

"You don't have to leash me.  I'll be good without it," she said, but if looks were daggers, I'd be
bleeding on the floor. 

"Can you be quiet or do you need another swat?"

"I'll be quiet," she said. 

"All right.  Let's sneak a peak,"  I replied.

Naked, we sneaked down the hall until we could see in Patty's bedroom.  They hadn't bothered
shutting the door.

They were all naked.  Mom and Patty were in each other's arms kissing with their legs entwined,
their hands busy exploring the other.  Grandpa was propped up on the pillows watching them.      

I pulled Julie back against me and my hard cock slid down between her ass cheeks. I cupped a
breast in each hand.  She couldn't be still and pushed back against me rhythmically. 

'This is what it's going to be like,' I thought.  'Naked woman pleasing each other and ready to
please me.'        

Grandpa looked our way and grinned.

"Something wrong?" he asked.

"Julie can't believe she has permission to fuck," I replied.

Patty and Mom had stopped and were looking at us. 

"Believe it, honey.  Now go do what Rick wants," Patty said.  She moaned as Mom starting
kissing her breasts. 

"I've seen enough.  Let's go back to my room," Julie said.      

Back in her room, Julie pirouetted away from me as far as the leash allowed.  "I'm all yours,
Rick," she said. 

I'd dreamed about this moment.  I'd awakened in the night hot and hard as I dreamed about Julie
Allison happily compliant with me.  I'd masturbated thinking of her.  I spurted to the ceiling as I
imagined her pussy wrapped around my cock instead of my hand.  Now that the moment was
here, I wanted it to last forever.     

"Are you all right?" she asked tenderly.

"Perfect.  I'm enjoying looking at you."

"Oh?  Do you like what you see?" she teased.  She posed for me, turning and twisting to let me
see her, but her eyes never left mine.  Those delightful poses made me ache with wanting.  Those
beautiful eyes held all the promise any man could want. 

I pulled her to me with the leash and she said, "Untie my hands so I can feel you, too." 

Her hands were eager and hot, her smell was in my nose.  We kissed and explored until she
nibbled her way down my body to kneel in front of me.  With the tips of her nails, she touched
my cock for the first time.  I was glad Grandpa had programmed me to control my ejaculations or
I'd've shot in her face. 

"He's beautiful," she whispered. 

She examined my cock like it was a work of art before she kissed the tip.  With her lips pursed,
she slowly took it into her mouth until it touched the back of her throat and let him slide out
again.  Her big blue eyes were shining up at me.    

"Did you like that?" she asked.

"I loved it." 

"Me, too.  Do you want me to do it some more or do you want to fuck me?"

I tugged on the leash and she slid up my body.  I led her to bed.   

My first fuck with Julie wasn't what I'd imagined.  It wasn't two breasts rutting.  It was two
lovers exploring and learning each other.
 
Her nipples were diamond hard and very sensitive as I suckled them.  Sweat poured from both of
us.  Our skin was hot and wet, our feelings' electric, our eyes diffused, when I slipped between
her legs.

"Hurry, Rick, please," she whimpered as I entered her the first time. "Oh, God, your hardness
feels so good in me. That's it.  I love it."

I loved it, too, particularly when she chanted, "Rick.  Rick.  Rick."

I wasn't keeping score, so I don't know how many times she orgasmed before I let myself cum,
or how often she groaned my name.  When I exploded in her, her pussy spasmed on my cock.  I
pulled the covers over us with her hot body pressed into mine and happily went to sleep. 

It had been the best day of my life and I knew tomorrow would be even better. 


To be continued.

Please!   Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

