The Suggestion Box
by edithdick 

Chapter One – Part 7

Joanna walked into the office Monday morning with a smile after having the huge weight taken off her shoulder. She had been dreading the photoshoot for weeks and now it was behind her for good. When she got to the HR area, a small stack of boxes were sitting in front of her door with a note.

Couldn’t return these. So they belong to you now.
- Onella

Joanna looked inside and saw the lingerie that she had worn for the photoshoot. Fortunately, she was the first one in the office, so nobody else had seen these. Opening the door, she gathered the small stack of boxes and brought them inside where she slid them under her desk.

Next, she logged into her computer to check her email. Steve had said he was working over the weekend, which usually meant he would have a stack of tasks for her to get done this week. Sure enough, there was a message from Steve with a subject line of “Confidential”.

Opening up the message, Joanna read the short note before clicking the link at the bottom.

Joanna,
Great work on Saturday. Alice gave me the memory card from the photoshoot. A lot of these won’t be usable for obvious reasons, but you looked gorgeous just the same. I copied everything from that and the thumb drive to the encrypted file share. (Link below)
Steve

When the link opened, she had to enter her network password again to access the folder. Inside were all of the photos taken during the photoshoot. The files all started with “Img-“ and ended with a timestamp. She browsed though, seeing how the shoot turned out. The first photos were for the January shoot, she really looked nervous. She continued scrolling, there were hundreds of photos here. When she saw the February, she looked closely. She was relieved when none of them showed her exposed breasts.

Joanna quickly scrolled down to the bottom. Her fear was confirmed. During the Christmas photoshoot, and all of the reshoots, there were plenty of pictures of her naked and the camera caught everything. She opened on the first one that she was sure showed something. She was wearing the red ribbon and facing the camera. Even though she had been holding an oversized candy cane, her left breast was clearly exposed.

She also saw plenty of shots of her bare ass, though for some reason that pose still turned her on a bit. Thanksgiving had more shots of her breasts and one that clearly showed her pussy. Joanna continued slowly scrolling through the shots. Steve had seen all of these.

When she got to the October shoot, she saw one shot that made her heart pound hard in her chest. Claudia had asked her to try the split while standing. She actually had to lean on the cubicle wall slightly to keep from falling over. With her left leg lifted high over her head, and facing the camera, her pussy was open and exposed. The camera caught everything!

Joanna closed her eyes and remembered taking this photo. Steve had been standing about ten feet away, just out of camera, watching her take this. She could remember the huge smile on his face as the lifted her leg into the air.

Joanna’s heart was beating faster and her breath was quickening. She felt something wet in her hand and realized that she had stuck her hand under her skirt and was massaging her pussy. What am I doing? she wondered. She didn’t stop herself. Instead, she scrolled through some more shots of herself that practically looked pornographic, if taken out of context.

It wasn’t the photos that were turning her on though, it was the idea that in every one of these, Steve was right there enjoying them. She wondered if he had masturbated to these over the weekend. She continued to stroke her clitoris. Breathing continued to increase. She kept scrolling through until she noticed that the labeling had changed. After the last Img- file it changed to a S- with a time-stamp.

What are these? She opened the first one. It was a surveillance video of her in the lobby from the first Valentines shoot. It showed Alice helping her remove her bra. Her breasts were both completely visible on the camera. Why would he put these on there

Of course, they were not as graphic as some of the more explicit photos, but video adds another dimension that she didn’t want to think about. She selected them and clicked Delete.

<Access Denied>

She selected the photo showing the close-up of her pussy and tried deleting that.

<Access Denied>

How many people have access to this drive? She wondered. She had to get rid of the pictures that showed her naked. This was too dangerous.

Joanna locked her computer and headed up to the Executive floor. Not doing this over email! she concluded. She walked into Steve’s office without knocking. He was seated at his desk and looked up as she entered.

“Joanna! I was just thinking of you.” He said. She suspected that he was doing more than thinking of her.

Joanna walked up to his desk, resisting the urge to see what was currently on his computer screen. “Steve, I need to talk to you about the link you sent me this morning.”

Steve nodded, “Of course.”

“There are a lot of photos that show my naked body.” She told him.

“I’m aware.” He said. The corner of his mouth started to make a smile, but he caught himself and controlled his face.

“I want them deleted before anybody else sees them.” She said.

“Deleted? Why?” He asked, genuinely confused.

“I don’t want them to exist. I don’t want people seeing me like that.” She said.

“Joanna, first off, they can’t be deleted. That drive is immutable.” He said.

“They have to be deleted. I demand it!” Joanna told him. “You have no right!”

“Joanna, did you not read the contract you signed?” Steve asked. “You agreed that all images collected during the shoot belong to the company and would be used for employee morale. I can’t have them removed and neither can you.”

“But… Who can?” Joanna asked, tears starting to stream down her cheeks.

“Well, the board would have to make that decision, I suppose. Would you like me to bring it up at the next board meeting?” He asked.

That was NOT what she wanted. The less attention drawn to these photos the better. “Who else has access to that share drive?” She asked instead.

“Alice, Onella and me of course.” Steve Said. “When we select the photos that will go on the calendar, we will make just those photos available to the media department for cleanup. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure none of your more explicit shots get released.” He assured her.

Joanna collected herself. Now she had to know. She rounded on his desk to peer at what was on his screen. It was one of the pictures of her doing the splits with her ass sticking out behind her. This was she was at least wearing a bra and panties. “Thank you, Steve.” She said and then left his office.

He was staring at her, just not at her naked picture. That was something. Joanna headed back to her office and locked the door. He had said she was gorgeous. Maybe he liked her enough to keep her images safe. She hoped that nobody else saw them.

She began thinking of him being her protector again. She opened several nude images of herself and tiled them over her screen. One photo showed her sitting spread eagle, facing the camera with her breasts exposed and just the small tuft of pubic hair showing on the camera. Steve was there for that too. Another was one of her doing the splits from behind, but she had accidentally rolled too far forward and the crack of her pussy was clearly visible. Other photos of her in different positions, all exposed and all shot in Steve’s presence.

Joanna slipped her underwear off and began rubbing herself. Slowly at first, but building up. She closed her eyes and imagined Steve smiling at her. She imagined him masturbating to her images. She imagined his arms around her. Over and over, she imagined him until she finally climaxed. Controlling her moans and holding back the scream she wanted to let out, she finally released.

It was going to be a long day, but at least she had this relief. She slipped her panties into one of the boxes. Today she felt like working with at least one secret that nobody knew about. Joanna unlocked her door and headed to the restroom to wash her hands.



The Suggestion Box
by TheBlushingPrincess

The Suggestion Box: The Swimsuit Swap

The next suggestion came in. On the one hand, Joanna thought it seemed fairly innocuous. Perhaps she would be able to retain a modicum of dignity. The suggestion was relatively simple. During the upcoming company beach party, individuals could volunteer to be in teams of two people each. And during an event, there would be a swimsuit swap. Joanna would simply have to swap swimsuits with another woman in the company. Given that Joanna’s red bikini was so revealing, odds were that whoever she had to trade swimsuits with would have a more modest swimsuit than hers.

On the day of the beach party, all the volunteers had put their names in a hat. Joanna stood on small platform and spoke into her microphone to the large crowd of employees. Hundreds of people. There was great turnout for the event and morale was high. This was a real feather in Joanna’s cap!

Already clad in her tiny, red bikini, Joanna announced, “Ladies and gentlemen! Fellow employees! I’m now going to pull names out of a hat to match people up for the swimsuit swap!”

Going in, Joanna had been relieved that all the volunteers were female. That would certainly make things much easier.

“And our first team is…” she pulled two names out of the hat… “Julie… and… Wendy! Come on down!”

There was much cheering for Julie and Wendy, both clad in relatively modest one-piece suits and coverups. They took their place on the platform, just a few steps from Joanna.

“Alright! And our next team is…” she reached into the hat…” Clara… and… Izzy! Come on down!”

Again, much cheering for Clara and Izzy. They were both young and attractive, Clara in a swimmer’s one-piece, and Izzy in a relatively modest two-piece. They ran up on the platform, gave each other an excited hug, and took their place next to Julie and Wendy.

There had only been six volunteers, and Joanna, of course, had been one of them. Not having seen the names in advance, she wasn’t sure who she would be paired with. She reached into the hat.

“And our last team… drumroll please…”

The crowd collectively produced a drumroll sound.

“Joanna… and… Andrea!”

The crowed went wild! Joanna didn’t know an Andrea at the company, but there were many departments and they may have simply not crossed paths. But nobody came up to the platform.

Joanna called out again, “Is Andrea here?”

Still no one.

“Andrea? Andrea? Going once? Going twice?”

Joanna held out a little hope that if Andrea wasn’t there, then Joanna wouldn’t need to be on a team. There would just be the two teams already standing next to her on the platform.

But then a man’s voice called out from the crowd, “Sorry, Joanna. Did you mean to say ‘Andre?’”

Joanna froze. No. Certainly not. A man? Andre? No. The paper had clearly said Andrea. She looked at it again.

“No,” she said into the microphone, her voice reverberating into the crowd. “It says A-N-D-R-E-A.”

A man started to approach the stand. He was young and handsome. Built, too. In nothing but his swim trunks, he climbed the steps to the platform.

“That’s me,” he smiled. “Sorry. My handwriting’s not all that great. Andre. Andre Aziz. But I just wrote Andre A. That must be where the confusion came from. But no worries. I’ll be your partner!”

Andre was all smiles. And Joanna’s heart sank. She had to trade suits with Andre? But he was just wearing trunks and no top!!! How was this happening???

With Joanna in a state of disbelief, Alice, the director of Sales Enablement approached the stage. She took the microphone from Joanna.

“Don’t worry, Joanna,” Alice said. “I’ll take it from here.”

Alice looked into the elated crowd and proclaimed, “Now that Joanna has announced the teams, I’ll read the rules of the event! And just so you know, none of the contestants have seen these rules. They have been top secret!”

Everyone was giddy, waiting to hear the rules!

Alice read from the page, “Over on the main stage, we have set up three glass phone booths. Each team will enter a phone booth and swap their swimsuits while inside the phone booth.”

The crowd went wild, imagining the teams swapping suits in such an incredibly enclosed space. How much fun would that be to watch, as they had no choice but to bump into and trip all over each other!

Alice continued, “And you’ll all be pleased to know that we have mounted multiple video cameras in each of the phone booths which will project onto the three jumbo monitors above the stage. So everyone will have a great view of the event. After all, we wouldn’t want you to miss a minute of the fun!”

Again, the crowd went nuts. Julie, Wendy, Clara, and Izzy were excited too. This was just some silly fun, as far as they were concerned. Joanna and Andre, on the other hand, were perhaps a bit more muted in their enthusiasm. For neither of them would be able to retain much modesty at all after donning the other’s swimsuit. But they tried to hold it together.

Alice led the three teams the 30 yards or so over to the main stage. It was a much higher platform than where they had been standing before, and the jumbo monitors above each phone booth were bigger than Joanna had realized. There would be no hiding! This was a nightmare. But she had no choice.

Alice positioned the teams in front of their respective phone booths. “Alright, on my count, you’ll enter the booth and start to swap swimsuits! And remember, this is a competitive event! The first team out wins a prize... and the last team to emerge fully swapped will face a penalty!”

“Holy crap,” thought Andre and Joanna. A penalty?

Joanna meekly asked, “What’s the penalty?”

Alice smiled. “Don’t worry dear. Just swap suits quickly, and you won’t need to find out!”

The crowd erupted with riotous laughter and howling. Watching everyone change would be comical enough. But the thought of what the penalty might be was titillating beyond belief. Everyone was on the edge of their proverbial seat.

Alice turned to face the teams. “Alright, everyone! On my count! When I say ‘Go!’, enter your booths and start swapping suits! May the best team win! And three… two… one… Go!”

The teams rushed into the booths, and the cameras got it all.

Wendy and Julie peeled off their suits in record time. It was cramped in the booth, but within seconds, they were getting the swapped suits back on. Clara and Izzy as well. Their technique, to help maintain modesty, was to smash their bodies against each other as they stripped and got re-dressed. That way, the camera had nothing to see except their backsides. They were making great time!

Joanna and Andre weren’t quite so lucky. Joanna got her suit off quickly, and the camera captured every move, projecting it onto the jumbo monitor. The crowd was laughing and cheering wildly. But the problem was that Andre’s tie on his trunks was knotted. He couldn’t undo it. Meanwhile, Joanna was just standing there, naked and helpless, waiting for Andre to get his suit off. Joanna, not wanting to face the penalty, dropped her bikini on the floor and got down on her knees in front of Andre to help undo the knot. The clock was running and the crowd was getting a great view of the naked Joanna on her knees in front of the young and buff Andre.

Alice called out into the microphone, “Joanna and Andre, you better hurry up! The other teams are almost done! You don’t want to face the penalty, do you???” She laughed and the audience went crazy. They started chanting, “Penalty! Penalty! Penalty!”

This didn’t help Joanna and Andre move any faster. Finally, not wanting to lose, Joanna just yanked on Andre’s trunks with all her might, pulling them down to his ankles. The camera caught a most compromising image of Joanna face to face with Andre’s semi-hard penis. The crowd had, by now, stopped paying attention to the other teams. They were focused solely on the Joanna/Andre spectacle before them.

With the suits now off, Joanna had no choice but to put on Andre’s trunks… and nothing else! Her chest would remain fully exposed. She just stood and covered with her arms. Andre, on the other hand, was attempting to stuff his half-erection into Joanna’s bikini bottoms. As he did, Joanna maneuvered behind him to help him put on the string-tie top. It was a sight to behold, and the humor wasn’t lost on a single spectator! A good portion of the crowd had already pulled out their cell phones to capture images from the jumbo monitor. This would be a beach party to remember!

Finally, Joanna and Andre emerged from the phone booth, Andre with his hands over his privates, barely covered by the skimpy bikini bottoms, and Joanna with her arms over her breasts. They did it. They did it! But then they looked to their right, and then to their left. Oh, no! They were the last ones out! Team Wendy/Julie and Team Clara/Izzy had already emerged, victorious.

Alice, microphone in hand, walked over to the cowering and covering third-place team. The cheers were deafening.

Alice spoke into the microphone, “Joanna and Andre, it was a valiant effort. But, believe it or not, it took you a whopping 90 seconds longer than the other two teams. So, as discussed, you will face a penalty. But first…”

Alice walked over to Clara and Izzy. “Clara and Izzy! Congratulations! You are the first-place winners! As such, you can go to the changing room and swap back into your own suits. And you don’t need to compete in the next part of the event!”

Joanna and Andre looked at each other, confused and shocked. The next part of the event? There was another part???

Then Alice approached Andre and Joanna, a twinkle in her eye. “And to our losing team, here’s the penalty. One of you gets to keep wearing what you have on, but the other needs to finish the competition naked!” The crowd erupted!

Alice continued, “And the crowd will decide which of you gets to keep your suit!” Alice looked out into the crowd. “By a show of voice, who says that Joanna gets naked?” It was loud. Joanna thought she was done for. But then Alice called out, “And who says that Andre gets naked?” Wow. Just earsplitting. Andre’s face turned white. At least Joanna was spared. Sure, she’d be topless for the remainder of the event. But Andre was the one who had to get naked.

Alice beamed, “Alright! Looks like we have a winner… I mean a loser! Andre, if you’ll just please come center stage. That’s right. Perfect. Now, please put your hands over your head and give us a big cheer!” Andre complied. What could he do? The crowed was roaring with boisterous laughter!

Alice then said, “Now Clara and Izzy. Since you were the first-place winners, you will have the honor of relieving Andre of his bikini top and bottoms. Although it is a shame you don’t get to wear them longer. You look so smashing in them! But not to worry. We’ve got plenty of video. And I think I even saw a few cell phone flashes go off!” A few? Hundreds of images. And they weren’t stopping. Surely, they would catch every moment of his forthcoming stripping! How had Andre possibly decided it would be a good idea to participate in this event? But here it was.

Alice instructed Clara and Izzy, “Alright, ladies. Grab onto Andre’s bikini and get ready! But before you take them off, let me just announce that the next part of the competition will be the three-legged race. That’s right! We’re going to tie your legs together as you race around the lake. But don’t worry. We’ll all be there to cheer you on ever step of the way!!!”

Joanna and Andre’s hearts sank. This was more than they had bargained for. But there was no way out.

Alice cheerily declared, “Okay, girls. On my count, the bikini comes off! Keep those hands high, Andre. And for all you out there in the crowd, get your cameras ready! You won’t want to miss this! Three… two… one! Bikini off!”

The crowd erupted in a flurry of boisterous cheers, riotous laughter, and a frenzy of cell phone flashes. But this was just the beginning. Another moment on the stage, and then off to the three-legged race! Andre and Joanna looked at each other. How would they make it through?



