Part 1
The rain was coming down hard. So hard that I considered getting off the road and staying at a motel until it died down. Which looked like it wasn't going to be soon. I had been driving on the road for about three hours now with about three hours still left on the trip. The trip was from Los Angeles to San Francisco to visit my sister. Who had just given birth to my first nephew. Since I was scared of flying, I chose to drive up North. It was the first time I had driven to San Francisco and honestly I was a bit nervous.
Using my phone I looked up a motel to stay at. Thankfully, one was close by. The Neon Nights Motel. I headed off the highway and drove down the nearly empty street. The roads were flooded everywhere, but thankfully the road to the motel wasn't too bad. It had a giant purple and blue neon sign that read Neon Nights Motel. I drove into the parking lot and turned off the engine in front of the lobby. My car was the only one in the parking lot, which made me wonder if it was even open.
I covered myself with my coat and headed into the lobby. Inside, it was nice and warm, but empty. Now, I was really wondering if it was open. But seeing as the door was unlocked it clearly was open. It made me wonder if a murder happened or something like that. I went to the counter and rang the bell. A few seconds later, the clerk walked out. He was a young guy, in his early twenties. Short brown hair, thin frame, tall. About six feet in height, but not taller than me. I stood at six feet two inches.
"Hello, sir," the man said in his soft voice, "It's really coming down out there, huh?"
A flash of lighting flickered through the room followed by a roar of thunder that shook the building. "Yeah, it really is. I wasn't expecting it to be this bad."
"It is an odd storm. They say it's something that only happens every hundred years or something."
"It certainly looks like a Roland Emmerich flick out there."
The young man laughed. "So, overnight stay, sir?" I gave him a nod. "Alright, you can pick whatever room. They are all empty."
"Really?" I said in shock, "You guys get a bad review or what?"
He shook his head, "No, the last person left today. It's been pretty dead since."
"I guess, I'll take room one," the man gave me the key to the room and I gave him the money to pay for it. Before I left, I turned to him and said, "What's your name?"
"Oh, Christopher, but you can call me Chris."
I smiled and said, "My name is Russel, nice to meet you, Chris. I hope you can get a good night's sleep."
"Same to you, Russel."
I walked inside the room soaking wet carrying one of my suitcases. A shower was probably the smart thing to do. The last thing I wanted was to get to my sister's with a cold. Speaking of her, I had to text her and tell her I was going to be coming late. Quickly, I sent her a text and she immediately replied saying, "Okay, be safe."
With that out of the way, I removed my wet clothes and headed into the bathroom to shower.
I put on some new clothes and laid down on the bed. The rain was still coming down hard with flashes of thunder and roars of thunder. It made me wonder if I would be able to sleep at all. I turned on the tv and the second I did that, a flash of lightning happened and then the power went out.
"Great," I said. Annoyed. This night was going terrible. I had to sit in traffic for like an hour because it was a weekend. Then a once in a century storm had to hit California. Which was actually a good thing since California was in a drought. I sighed and got off the bed then went to the window. Looking outside, it was dark, really dark. The only light came from the flashes of lightning. When the flashes happened it showed me the road flooding. I turned away and reached for my phone and saw an alert. A flash flood watch was in effect.
Because the night could only get worse, as I checked my phone I felt water against my feet. The water was coming in from the bottom of the door. "Crap!" I said. I grabbed my shoes and put them on. The moment I got my bag, I heard a knock on the door. Quickly, I went to it and saw through the peephole that it was Chris.
I opened the door and he said, "Hey, Russel. The area is getting flooded. Seeing as you're the only person here, I was wondering if you wanted to take shelter in the lobby?"
"Oh? That would be great, thank you." I grabbed my duffel bag and followed Chris to the lobby. The lobby was a bit raised compared to the rest of the motel rooms.
Inside the lobby, I took off my soaked shoes and sat down on the small sofa. "So, this night went to shit real fast."
Chris laughed, "I'm sorry to hear that, Russel. I'll try to make it better for you."
"Unless you can make the rain go away, I doubt you can make my night any better."
"Try me," before our conversation could continue, we both noticed water seeping through the bottom of the door into the lobby rug.
"Oh, wow! That is coming in fast."
"Let's go upstairs."
"Upstairs? This place has an upstairs?" I followed Chris into the back room where there was a short staircase that led up to the second floor.
"It's where we keep some of our extra stuff that we can't store somewhere else. Plus, I have a bed up here so when I decided to sleep in."
The second floor had boxes everywhere with a mattress on the floor and a single lobby chair. Chris turned on a portable lamp and said, "Have a seat, wherever you want. You can even go to sleep if you want."
I sit down on the mattress and say, "I doubt that, the thunder alone won't let me sleep. Plus the worry of waking up in water."
"I doubt the water will make it up here," He sat down on the chair across from the bed and lit a candle. "So, where were you heading?"
"Up North. Heading to see my sister in San Francisco. She just had a baby," I popped out the phone and showed him a picture of my nephew.
"Oh, how adorable."
"What about you? How long have you been working at this motel?"
"Five years now, it's my dad's place. But he's out of town, leaving me to tend to the whole place myself."
"It's a good thing that the place is small."
"And aside from you, no business," we both laughed.
He grabbed a bottle of whiskey and said, "You want some?"
"Sure," I said.
Chris poured whiskey into two cups and handed me one. I grabbed it and held it up, "To a shitty night," he laughed and both of our glasses clinked and we drank. He took a sip while I downed the whole drink.
"Wow, you really needed that. Here's another."
As the night continued, Chris and I drank some more whiskey while getting to know one another. I had explained to him that I was a lawyer from a mid level law firm in Los Angeles. He was in college while working at this motel.
I was starting to feel the effects of the alcohol but I was still in control of my actions. Most of them at least. Chris then threw me a curve ball when he asked, "So, I take it you don't have a wife?"
I smiled, "No, I was going to marry this girl from high school but she left me at the altar."
"Ouch," he said, pouring more whiskey into my glass, "You need that."
"Thanks. Yeah, we had been together for five years and were finally going to get married, but she clearly had second thoughts. But my friends say I'm young and can still find someone."
"How old?"
"36. And you? 22?"
"23."
"Don't rush into a marriage, that's a piece of advice I can give you," I took a sip from the whiskey glass and said, "How about you? Anyone special in your life?"
"No, I have yet to meet a man I'd like to marry."
"A man? So you're gay. That's cool."
"It's something I normally don't tell anyone. Not even my dad."
"So why me? I'm a stranger."
"I don't know. It felt like we're bonding, felt like we had gotten to know one another pretty well."
I shrugged, "You got a point there. I'll probably never see you after I leave this place. So, I'll keep your secret."
"Thanks," Chris laughed, "Have you ever done anything with a guy?"
I shook my head, "Nah, I've only mingled with women. What about you? Only men?"
"Yes, very satisfied men."
"Satisfied men? Are you telling me that you're that good?"
A smirk could be seen on his face, "Yeah, I've had men tell me that I've sucked them better than any women."
I drank the rest of my whiskey and stared at the empty glass, "I don't know if it's the whiskey or curiosity, but I'm willing to take you up on that?"
"On what?"
"Show me if you're better than a woman," Chris was taken back by my bold statement. As was I. I never would have thought that I would be asking a man to suck my dick. But here I was, in the storage room of a motel on a stormy night.
"Or you don't have to. I was just messing around."
Chris smiled, "I'm down," He got off the chair and got down on all fours and crawled to me. With his hands on my knees he parted them open and slowly they slid down my thighs. Blood began to flow to my member. His hands undid my pants and opened up the flaps, his hand rubbed against my crotch. "I see someone aroused," he said.
I smiled, "Maybe."
I lifted my bottom up for him to pull down my pants down to my ankles. Just in my grey boxer briefs, Chris continued to rub my member. When I was fully erect Chris opened up my underwear and took out my cock. My cock was about seven inches in length with a girth of six inches. It was thick. His soft hands wrapped around the shaft and slowly pulled back the foreskin to reveal my rose colored tip. A bead of precum was right at the entrance of my peehole as he hovered his mouth over the tip. He looked up at me and stuck out his tongue and slowly placed it on the tip. Then his lips slowly closed around it and went down.
While his hand stroked my member his mouth worshipped my cock. And when I say worshipped, I mean worshipped. The way he worked my cock was something I had never experienced. I've had plenty of blowjobs in the past but this was something else. Maybe it was true that gay men sucked cock better than women.
My back and head were on the bed as Chris continued to pleasure my cock. Moans fled my mouth and filled the room. I was so lost in ecstasy that I had forgotten about the storm outside.
I nearly lurched forward when he held my cock deep in his throat. This was something entirely new to me. None of the girls I had been with gave me one of these. It was glorious. Chris released my cock from the confines of his throat and continued to slobber all over my cock. The way he worked my cock was something artistic. Jolts of pleasure shot through my body as he continued to pleasure my cock. His hand twisted up and down my thick shaft while his mouth slurped on the tip of my cock. My head was tilted back staring up at the ceiling. Moans continued to come out of my mouth, sometimes being louder than the thunder outside.
My eyes had rolled back into my head as he sped up using both his hand and mouth to pleasure my cock. I was close. So close that I muttered out, "I'm coming," but he didn't hear me. Something told me he didn't care that I was about to cum in his mouth. I was about to repeat myself when my hands grabbed the sheets of the mattress as I let out a loud moan. My cum began to shoot out of my shaft and splattered against the walls of his mouth. As I fired everything, he continued to stroke and slurp on my cock.
When I was done filling him with my seed, Chris swallowed my load while he continued to stroke my cock, "So was I better than any of the girls you've been with?" He had a grin on his face.
I nodded, "Yeah, that was amazing."
"I'm glad you are satisfied," he slowly stroked my cock, causing more precum to leak out, "I'd love to have this cock in my ass."
I smiled, "I wouldn't say no," the girls I had been with never let me do anal. So this would be a fun experience. I was already committed at this point. I didn't care if he was a guy.
Chris stood up and removed his shirt then he undid his pants and removed them. He wore white briefs for a few seconds before removing them, showing his slim body to me. Next, he climbed on top of me and mounted me. Spit fell into his hand from my mouth and he used it to stroke my member. Then, he guided my cock into his hole. The tip entered and immediately I felt resistance as his hole was so tight. But that didn't stop him from pushing it deeper.
The tip of my cock stopped at his prostate, this was indicated by a moan he let out. Slowly, Chris moved his pelvis up and down causing my cock to slide inside of him. It felt amazing. I never knew that an asshole would feel so amazing. It was so tight and warm.
Chris showed his experience as he sped up and the mattress began to move against the wall. Thankfully we were alone. Moans filled the room once again. His head was tilted back as he rode my cock. My hands naturally fell onto his buttcheeks and held on as he continued to ride me.
I couldn't believe I was fucking a man. And enjoying it. I had plenty of sex with women in the past and honestly, a pussy alwasy felt good. But this was a whole new experience. He gave me probably the best blowjob I had ever received and now was riding me like a cowboy.
Chris's eyes were staring right into mine as the speed of his thrusting had sped up. The way he moved his pelvis was magical. Once again my eyes were rolling back into my skull as I got lost in pleasure. Loud moans would leave his mouth when my cock rubbed against his prostate.
Chris was now at full speed and control. My hands were glued to his buttcheeks as he moved his pelvis up and down on my cock. I was completely lost to his pleasure hole. And really close to climax again. I didn't think I would be able to cum again, but Chris had a goal. To make me cum again.
Our breathing and moans were in sync. I convulsed and titled my head back as the first load fired out. I let out a long "I'm cumming" while doing so. Once again I fired my load into his body. I was surprised I was able to fire again, let alone a hefty load like that. When I was finished, a satisfied gasp left my mouth.
When I was done firing my seed into him. Chris looked down at me while his hand went behind him and gathered some of my cum onto his finger. It had been leaking out from the amount I had released. He brought the cum covered finger to his mouth and said, "I hope you leave a satisfying review."
I smiled, "I think I will."
The next morning, I woke up to see the rain had finally stopped. I was on the bed in my underwear with Chris tucked under my arm. His head was resting on my bare chest. He too was only in his briefs. At least the intense rain had tapered off which meant I could leave. But I also had to consider if my car had any damage from the flood.
I turn to look at Chris peacefully sleeping on my chest. I didn't want to disturb him so I just stared up to the ceiling. Last night I was drunk, but I still remember everything and I know the alcohol did play a factor into my decision to have sex with him, but I don't regret it. It was something new and honestly fun. I don't know if I would ever do it again. But it definitely would be something that I will always remember.
Chris woke up and I looked down to him, "Good morning."
His hand went up from my stomach to my chest, "Good morning, I see the rain has died down."
"Yup, I'm hoping my car can still run."
Chris frowned, "And if it can't?"
"I guess I might have to stay another night."
I rose from the bed to put my clothes on. Chris did the same. Together we went down stairs and saw the lobby no longer had water. Thankfully, that meant the roads were no longer rivers. I grabbed my coat and headed to my car.
Inside my car, I turned the key and after a few tries the car did turn on. Thankfully it wasn't damaged.
Chris was standing outside, "Well I guess I gotta go."
I grabbed my single duffle bag and put it back in the car.
"I'm sorry that your stay here involved getting flooded," Chris said.
I smiled, "You made the night better. Thank you for the hospitality."
"Have a safe drive, I probably won't see you again."
I was inside the car already, ready to pull out, "Well, I do have to come back down. So maybe, I'll stop by," I winked. Then I put the car in reverse and drove off of the parking lot.
A smile was on my face as I looked at the motel from the rearview mirror. I was definitely going to come back.