SALVATION

A dark and sadistic tale set in Victorian England

Written by Dickins

This story is a work of erotic fiction. All names, characters, places and 
incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used 
here fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidently.

Story Codes: ped, bdsm, mast, ws and medical

Chapter 5, Arrivals

The arrival of so many new children at St Saviour's had caused much 
excitement amongst the staff and governors. The anticipation of watching 
their humiliation and suffering as they struggled to cope with the harsh 
new routines brought a new degree of passion to their tired and flagging 
loins.

Weary, sore and filthy from they're long journeys the children were being 
given refreshments in the hall when Miss Marchant strode in carrying a 
vicious looking whip in her hand. 

"Assemble these children in the courtyard for a thorough cleansing now!" 
Alice ordered Rebecca Bolton the matron and then just as quickly strode 
out again to rejoin the governors and their guests in the courtyard where 
they waited with baited breath for the entertainment to begin. 

Full integration into their new routines would take a while, but what 
couldn't wait was to get them clean and then medically inspected. The 
many clandestine activities at St Saviour's dictated that the hygiene and 
sexual health of the children was always a top priority. This had always 
been a daily routine that the staff enjoyed enforcing. 

Once the children were assembled in the courtyard, the staff set about 
arranging them into small groups, removing their filthy rags and 
attaching their wrists to the many hooks that were embedded in the brick 
wall. 

Confused and shocked the other naked children looked on nervously, aware 
that this audience who was showing great delight in the other children's 
distress, were also watching them.     

Attached to the cold-water tap on the far wall of the courtyard was a 
hosepipe fitted with a special nozzle. The spray from this nozzle was 
designed to omit either a single jet or a wider more powerful spray, so 
that it was possible to hose down one child or many children at the same 
time. 

The staff's excitement grew as they stepped back to admire the first 
group of naked children whose bodies even if they were a little filthy 
looked perfect to abuse. 

However, their first pleasure was to roughly wash them.

"Face the front!" Alice instructed the children. 

Selecting the wider more powerful spray the staff took it in turns to 
hose them down.
 
This wide spray immediately drenched them all, its power lifting them off 
their feet and dashing their already sore bottoms up against the brick 
wall. 

Their screams and cries soon filled the courtyard, in stark contrast to 
the laughter that the staff and governors made. The cold and powerful 
water had a very telling effect on the children's genitals causing the 
girl's nipples and the boy's cocks to erect magnificently.

"Now turn and face the wall!" Alice shouted and staff ensured their 
compliance by the use of slender birches which startling the children 
into obedience. Any child who didn't immediately comply with this command 
was unhooked and led to a waiting whipping horse to be thrashed 
mercilessly by a lusting member of staff.

A whipping so early in the procedure led the governors to gain much 
satisfaction and Greta Foulds to openly chorus her satisfaction, calling 
out for them not to spare the child's bottom and thighs.

As the cleansing procedures continued the children's shyness was soon 
forgotten as the unforgiving cold-water spray was directed onto their 
anuses. This had the effect of making them stumble forward and up against 
the brick wall, bringing many fresh screams as their genitals and breasts 
were roughly grazed.   

"Release them and commence scrubbing them!" matron ordered.

The water was turned off and the staff approached the frightened children 
with large blocks of soap and scrubbing brushes. Screaming they were 
scrubbed and lathered, until every inch of their sore bodies were covered 
with hard soap.

Again the cold-water spray was used to remove the soap. What did it 
matter if in the course of washing them a finger or two was pushed into 
them more repeatedly than necessary, or little cocks handled roughly, 
labia tugged on painfully, or nipples twisted. More than one member of 
staff smiled now, as they pushed their fingers repeatedly into intimate 
little places.

"Next group!" Alice shouted out, brandishing the whip she was carrying. 

This time the children complied without complaint, much to the 
disappointment of the lusting audience who's passions were getting more 
and more aroused as they watched the ceremony unfold.

As the ceremony progressed, the governors would step in to help the staff 
abuse the children as they were dried with coarse towels. The governors 
encouraged their guests who hoped to become patrons, to freely fondle the 
children in the hope that they would each pay the twenty-five guineas 
that Alice had requested.

One such group of three men, who had been introduced by Lord Homes, 
followed the children from the courtyard to the infirmary, where Doctor 
Stevens and Nurse Bishop were waiting to examine them.  

Full examinations would come in due course, but an initial test was 
needed now to catch any serious infections they might have, especially 
those that could be transmitted through their sexual activity. 

Doctor Jeremy Stevens was in his element as Anne Bishop the head nurse 
led the children in, one after another, helping them into required 
position on the edge of the examination couch. Their arms needed to be 
wrapped around their thighs holding their legs tightly up to their 
chests, exposing themselves fully to the lustful doctor.

He was then able to use all his senses to verify their sexual health by 
probing their anuses, vaginas and urethras with his fingers smelling them 
immediately after insertion and then tasting their flavour. 

This was not only a good indication as to their condition but very 
enjoyable.

A good teacher as well as doctor, Jeremy instructed Nurse Bishop in this 
special art and took his time much to the children's annoyance, to 
thoroughly explain each of the flavours and what could be derived from 
them medically.

Finally soothing ointments were slowly massaged into their wounds until 
their skin glowed, bringing warmth and relaxation to their little bodies 
and they were able to relax and enjoy this special attention for the 
first time.
 
Those children, who didn't need to stay in the infirmary under the 
watchful eye of the matron, were then sent straight to Patricia Appleyard 
the seamstress who waited in her rooms, her face flushed as one after 
another, she took the towels from the naked children to measure them for 
their little white sailor uniforms.

Miss Appleyard enjoyed her job, always saving the inside leg measurement 
until last, enjoying the child's humiliation as she knelt in front of 
them to bring the tape up to the junction of their slender young thighs, 
brushing against their genitals and never stopping until she was 
satisfied with their arousal. 

All the measurements were then recorded in the journal that made 
reference to the children's progress at St Saviour's. The uniforms were 
then issued to the children and adjustments made to way they fitted. 

No undergarments are allowed at St Saviour's, which means that the 
uniforms can be extremely tight fitting and before allowing the children 
to leave the room she tested their tightness, her rough hands groping 
around under shorts or kilts until she was completely satisfied.
 
In the hall, before being sent to bed the children were served their 
first meal, a spread of cold meats and vegetables, fruit and lemonade. 

Rachel Jones the cook made sure that they drank plenty of the lemonade, 
which had been spiced with the clever drugs that James, her son had 
dispensed.

To the new arrivals, St Saviour's seemed like a palace. There was hot and 
cold running water, beds that had mattresses with woollen blankets and it 
smelt of fresh varnish and paint. There was also wholesome food to keep 
them healthy and a little sailor uniform for them to wear in the place of 
their filthy rags. 

Alice towered over them, as they sat around the large oak tables that had 
been arranged facing the dais where the governors and their guests were 
seated. 

Having eaten and then fallen into a drugged stupor, their attention was 
suddenly brought back to her as she lifted her whip high in the air and 
then brought it down hard across the governor's table, filling the hall 
with a loud crack. 

"Children," Alice smiled. But there was little humour in that smile as 
she looked into the eyes of every child. "We have taken you from the 
horrors that befell you. We have rescued you, cleaned you, medically 
examined you, clothed and now fed you. 

Tonight you will sleep in comfortable beds with the promise that we will 
be here for you tomorrow and the next day." She said, watching the 
expressions on the there little faces.

The special drug meant that they were very impressionable; they would 
strive to obey her and feel pleased with the least remark she might 
reward them with. 

"But after the second day it is up to you," she told them. "I will only 
keep those who show they wish to stay, only those who do as they are 
told, who learn by example and strive to make their betters pleased with 
them."

She came down from the dais and walked between the long tables to speak 
to them, her whip by her side. 

"Who wishes to stay?" she asked softly. 

Hands shot up and bright, freshly washed faces, looked towards her 
eagerly. 

"Who wishes to make me happy?" she asked.

Children half rose from their seats, trying to make their hand extend 
beyond that of their competitors. "Me miss, me, me, me." 

Alice smiled, her heart pounding as she thought of all the harsh tests 
she would put them through to prove their loyalty.

"From tomorrow," she said, her voice putting an end to their whispers, 
"you will earn your right to remain here with me. In doing so, you will 
earn the right to wear different coloured badges on your uniform!" she 
explained and lifted one up for the children to see.

"It will be a sign of my pleasure and something to be worn with pride," 
she told them. Looking around her, Alice saw their faces light up and 
their eyes twinkle.

She looked back at the dais where the governors and their guests sat and 
Lord Holmes smiled affectionately at her, nodding his approval.
 
A Little later, his tour of the building complete, Lord Holmes 
entertained his guests in the boardroom, his easy manner hiding the 
nervousness he felt within as he offered them a glass of sherry. 

He desperately wanted the others on the board of governors to see him 
succeed. After all, he was a lord.

Max Hughes, another industrialist took the offered glass of sherry and 
sipped it before nodding his appreciation. "Nice place you have here 
Holmes," he told him.

Richard nodded and smiled. Max, he knew had recently acquired the 
ancestral home of the Duke of Roxborough. A large country house set in 
200 acres of beautiful countryside.

"There's no space to take them out riding here I'm afraid," Richard 
grinned. 

Max loved to take his nieces out for riding lessons on his vast country 
estate, stopping in some isolated spot to better acquaint himself with 
their growing bodies. 

His young nieces had both developed excellent equestrian techniques under 
his tutelage and they openly enjoyed the feelings in their cunts as their 
widely parted thighs rubbed and pounded the hard and unforgiving saddles.     

"Yes, quite. Still there must be an alternative, as there is nothing 
quite as enjoyable than to watch a little girl as she masturbates herself 
in time to the rhythm of a galloping pony," he grinned. 

Richard nodded, his mind racing to think of an alternative. "Perhaps we 
could install a mechanical pony in the stables that has a specially 
designed ridged saddle," he suggested with a large grin.

"The dungeon is still being built, but you can see from the drawings what 
our plans are," he said as he encouraged Max and the other two gentlemen 
to join him at the table where they were laid out.

"And you say we will be able to do anything we like to these children?" 
Jonathan Brown asked. 

He'd come here nervously; well aware of what it would do to his 
parliamentary career should the press get to know. But as the visit 
continued, his nervousness faded and he began to see the many 
possibilities St Saviour's had to offer. 

Now, with the prospect of the endless pleasures to be gained in the 
dungeons, he only needed confirmation that he wouldn't be disturbed while 
enjoying himself.

"Short of killing, amputation or serious disfigurement," Richard nodded. 
They'd agreed to that, at least for the patrons. 

Such limits wouldn't necessarily apply to the governors; after all they 
were paying one hundred guineas a year for the privilege.

"Your fee of twenty five guineas a year will entitle you to a single 
monthly visit of up to twenty four hours and the use of any boys or girls 
who are available at the time."

"Some of the children may not be available?" David Vine asked.

"We are hoping to provide an "ownership" scheme, whereby patrons, for a 
small additional fee, may "purchase" a child and thereafter have a say in 
how they are educated and used, or abused, whichever they see fit." 
Richard explained.

"Now that might be interesting," David murmured, nodding to himself as he 
leant over the drawings on the table for a closer look. To have a child 
believe that he was their true father for example. 

Incest added a certain spice, as he and his younger sister had found out.

"So what do you say?" Richard asked then all.

"I'll get you the full amount tomorrow," said Max Hughes. "And I will 
want to know more about this ownership deal too." He warned Richard with 
a wink.

"Yes and so will I," agreed David.

Richard turned to the taller of the men and looked for an answer, growing 
nervous as he mulled over the offer. " I suppose bringing my wife would 
mean paying two lots of fees?" he asked.

Richard nodded and tried to visualise the little woman that Jonathan had 
married just a couple of years with a whip in her hand, but failed to do 
so.

"She won't be out of place will she, she being the only woman amongst 
us?" Jonathan added.
 
"I doubt it," Richard told him, thinking of whom Greta Foulds was likely 
to bring.

It was the following day when Greta Foulds brought her prospective 
patrons to visit St Saviour's. There was much resentment and jealously 
amongst the group as she introduced them to each other, and yet it 
couldn't be helped. 

These young men and women had once been in her charge and had now grown 
up and spread their wings, but in every case sort out their strict 
governess for her guidance and ruthless sexual domination.

Of the ten she had invited, Greta hoped that eight would pay the fee; 
enough to cover her own fee as well as their own. However, she had a 
little put aside, so if only seven elected to join, then she would still 
be able to become a fully-fledged governor.

It was nearly eleven that morning when Alice escorted Greta Foulds and 
her group up the backstairs to one of St Saviour's larger dormitories. 
The new arrivals had been kept separate from the rest of the children and 
had been allowed to sleep late after their ordeal the night before.

Greta's group were quietly ushered into the large room, where they were 
able to watch the matron and her staff as they stirred the children. The 
children had been made to sleep two to a bed and were completely naked, 
one of the rules at St Saviour's. 

Removing the blankets from all the beds before commencing, the staff then 
set about masturbating the children.
 
As they had their genitals roughly manipulated they were encouraged to 
watch each other and be as vocal as they liked, as they were swiftly 
brought to orgasm. 

"Oh yes! That's so wicked!" Dorothy Peters gasped; the heiresses face 
aglow as she watched the children being slowly and methodically 
masturbated and then sent into the ornately tiled room adjacent to their 
dormitory, propelled along by a swift smack on their little bottoms.

"That's nothing. Come and watch this!" Jeremy Worthington urged, as he 
peered through the observation glass into the hygiene room, where the 
children were being given their morning enemas and cleansing.

The others rushed forward to peer into the room, which by now was 
starting to fill with steam. Many of them stared open mouthed in 
amazement, as staff dressed in long rubber aprons escorted the children 
to a long polished metal bar that ran the length of the room. 

Once positioned over the bar, their ankles were fastened to straps in the 
floor forcing their legs wide apart over the drains, then their wrists 
were attached to similar straps on the floor in front of them.

The group collectively held their breath, as greased porcelain enema 
nozzles were forced into the children's tender anuses and a powerful jet 
of hot caster oil forced deep into their colons. 

Startled cries drifted through the glass as child after child was 
thoroughly irrigated and had their anuses cleaned out for later use. With 
the oil held in by the special mushroom bungs, they then had their 
genitals washed and roughly abused which brought further cries from the 
children, much to the amusement of the audience. 

Moving from child to child, the swelling in their bellies was roughly 
tested and the mushroom bungs only realised after ten minutes, forcing 
them to desperately hold their tortured bottoms closed and run to the 
ablutions room, passing a very appreciative audience.
  
"I'll pay, just to watch and participate in that ritual," Donald O'Conner 
told Greta, his eyes alight and his trousers showing his obvious 
pleasure.

"A whipping first would help loosen their colon's," whispered Miss 
Renfrew, a woman who had followed in Greta's footsteps to become a 
governess. Over the last few years she had become an authority on colonic 
irrigation, its effects and its benefits. 

Pauline Renfrew itched to use the special dildo shaped nozzles that she 
had designed especially for children, but had not as yet had the 
opportunity to try them. 

"Perhaps soon she would!" she thought to herself.

"I'd be happy to let you have a closer look at our equipment," Alice told 
the young woman, leading them out so they could visit the schoolrooms, 
infirmary, viewing galleries, private rooms and what was soon to be the 
infamous dungeons.

While the main schoolrooms were on the ground floor, smaller and more 
intimate rooms had been decorated as classrooms on the first floor. 

Here, in these rooms which would only hold at the most six children, 
visitors could assume the role of master or mistress and teach the 
children real lessons in humiliation and pain.

Next to the teacher's dais, a smaller version of the large whipping horse 
used for the punishment parades on Friday nights stood bolted to the 
floor.
 
Here, a boy or girl could be securely held for a thrashing with their 
bottoms widely parted and their genitals on full view, only a few feet 
from the eyes of the other children.

Members of the group licked their lips in anticipation, as Alice opened a 
large cupboard that housed an arsenal of corporal punishment instruments 
that would be available for them to use should they become patrons.

Frances Bellings face fairly glowed as she picked up one of the special 
martinet whips to feel its weight and smell the handle. The handle was 
finished in real leather and shaped like a dildo with a smoothness that 
told of its repeated use. 

She recalled the times when her own bottom was whipped by Miss Foulds 
with a martinet just like this one, then experiencing the real thrill of 
watching her little sister being buggered with the handle as a special 
punishment. 

It was at this time that Miss Foulds introduced them to the pleasures of 
using masturbation, to help take the pain away.  

"You'll join, won't you?" Greta asked hopefully.

"Oh yes!" Frances nodded. "We'll have such fun!" she cried, her face 
glowing even more with her excitement.

They then moved on, down to the ground floor schoolrooms and then down 
even further into the cellars where the dungeons were still being built.
  
The dungeons rang out to the sounds of men hammering metal rings into the 
walls, ceiling and floors, while others cut chains to various lengths and 
fixed wrist, neck and ankle restraints to them. In the corridors were 
half unpacked crates that held the equipment that was to go in there, 
black ironwork and dark oak furniture. 

Judith Richards stopped to examine the leather restraints. "I could spend 
days down here," she confessed. Greta Foulds had given her the privilege 
of assisting her in the education of her younger brother and cousins. 

The memory of holding them down, sitting on their faces and then watching 
while Miss Foulds tortured their little bottoms and genitals all under 
the guise of corporal punishment, still brought her to peaks of 
excitement few women and even fewer men, could match.  

Greta smiled and reached for her, stroking her wrists while looking deep 
into the younger woman's eyes. "Together again, with a whole host of 
children to educate," she murmured excitedly.

"Yes!" Judith agreed.

David was worried. All but one of his prospective patrons had agreed to 
join and Alice had spoken to him on the matter, suggesting another visit.

There was a light drizzle as they met the man at the main entrance, 
shaking his hand and welcoming him again to St Saviour's.

The man, a wealthy farm owner from the West Country who had travelled 
many days to make this visit nodded pleasantly. "I hope you can change my 
mind for me," he admitted. "But at the moment, I can't see myself paying 
out twenty five guineas to become a patron."

"Well, let's see," Alice said, liking the man's honest approach. 

"Have you seen the newly completed dungeons?" she asked him.

"I haven't, but then I am not one to see the children exposed to such as 
that. I am just a simple country lad Miss Marchant," he admitted. 

"Well Mr Cosgrove, have you visited our stables?" she asked.

"I didn't know that you kept horses?" he told her.

"We don't," Alice smiled. 
 
Alice led the way, explaining that many of the grand houses had stables.
 
"They are often used as a means to get away from the family," she 
explained. Crossing the cobbled courtyard, the scene of much 
entertainment only a few days ago, she guided them into a large musty 
smelling building.

Fresh straw littered the floor, while off to one side; a couple of bails 
of straw were stacked providing a platform. In the centre of the stables 
were trestles that had saddles, stirrups and reins attached to them, 
waiting for they're little riders. 

On the walls hung a variety of harnesses and other equestrian tackle, 
none of which would fit a pony let alone a horse, but all of which would 
fit a child.

"Would you like to see a harness in use?" Alice asked, bringing one down 
to hold it out so that Mr Cosgrove could get a sense of how it would fit. 

The man's eyes lit up with his excitement as he stared at the special 
harness.

"May I really? He asked.

"Certainly," she laughed. "What age, would you like a boy or a girl?"

"Oh, now then. A girl, certainly, a tall but slender one, not yet 
developed," he begged.

Alice nodded and excused herself, leaving the two men to wander around 
the other stables, examining the implements on the walls, the many and 
varied crops and carriage whips, as well as various black shinning 
horsetails in different sizes. 
  
Alice, returned just a few minutes later with Amy in tow, the little 11 
year old who drew so much attention to herself on the day the governors 
met for the first time. The little girl curtsied and looked timidly about 
her.

"Take your uniform off," Alice commanded the child sharply.

Amy didn't hesitate, as she knew from experience what would happen to her 
if she disobeyed but looked up adoringly at her mistress, swiftly 
removing her little sailor's uniform to stand naked in front of the three 
adults.

"She's eager to earn her first badge," Alice laughed, pushing the child 
forward so the men could see her better in the light that streamed in 
from the window in the roof.

"Will she do Mr Cosgrove?" Alice asked, as she turned the child around to 
show off her lovely round little bottom and smooth hairless cunt.
The man openly stared at the naked girl, a bulge growing in his breeches 
as his eyes were drawn to the child's hairless cleft, his tongue darting 
out to moisten his lips as he slowly nodded his approval.   
  
Alice smiled and held out the special harness, helping the child to climb 
into it and then tightened all the buckles until each of the leather 
straps fitted tightly to the contours of her shapely little body.

When done, dark leather straps circled her body leaving her tiny breasts 
and fledgling vagina exposed. If anything, the dark straps emphasised the 
smooth pale skin of her pubis, breasts and cute little bottom. 

"We have slightly different designs, some more practical than others when 
it comes to pulling buggies," Alice explained, as he pushed Amy towards 
the straw bails picking up one of the many coloured horsetails.

"The children pull buggies?" the man asked breathlessly, as he watched 
Alice pry Amy's bottom cheeks apart.   

"Oh yes, I'm hoping to have buggy racing competitions, to test the 
strength of the boys against the girls, when we get enough patrons," 
Alice explained, her attention diverted by the tightness of Amy's virgin 
anus. 

"Would you mind lending a hand Mr Cosgrove?" she asked.

"Jim," he told her. The bulge in his breeches even more pronounced now as 
he stepped forward to relieve Alice of having to hold the little girl's 
bottom apart. 

His hands dwarfed the little bottom cheeks spreading them even further 
apart, until no crease remained and her anus started to clench and relax.

Without grease, ointment or saliva, Alice positioned the horn shaped 
ivory tip of the horsetail at the entrance of Amy's anus. 

Pushing the horn firmly into her anus she ignored the child's screams 
until it was firmly in place and her anal ring closed fully over the 
embedded horn. 

As an added precaution, a strap was fastened from the tail to the harness 
she wore, keeping it in place no matter how much the child might try to 
expel it. 

They let her stand, watching her as she panted and winced as the 
uncomfortable feelings of the embedded horn started to build within her.

"Walk about," Alice commanded. 

Amy's hesitation brought her a harsh spanking on her already sore bottom 
and thighs, but it did encourage her to obey.

"We might also have dressage displays too," Alice grinned.
 
"You certainly know how to weaken a man Miss Marchant!" Jim told her, his 
eyes never leaving the naked little pony girl as she continued to walk in 
pain around the stable.

With a chuckle, Alice retrieved a riding crop from the wall and thrashed 
it down across the child's lovely rounded little bottom, demanding that 
she lift her knees higher, hold her head taller and make her tail bob 
more. 

The welts that Alice produced across her bottom, only served to inflame 
Jim's passions further and his eyes shone when she made Amy halt in front 
of him. 

"I think you will find her quite moist," she suggested, flicking the crop 
to make her part her legs further for him. Gasping, the girl blushed 
brightly as she edged her feet apart, moving them until her thighs no 
longer restricted his access to her soft little cunt. 

His hands caressed the smooth pale skin of her legs and travelled upwards 
to cup her fledgling cunt. Amy shook and gasped. His finger ran along the 
child's slit only to remerge gleaming with her juices.

Alice smiled. "Unfortunately, you'll have to be a patron to do anything 
more," she sighed. 

For a moment it looked like he would lose his temper. 

He just laughed and reached into his pocket, paying Alice the twenty five 
guineas in full to become a patron, before demanding that they both leave 
him alone with Amy, so he could continue to get to know her better.
    
Alice and David left the stables for some much needed refreshment, 
satisfied that they had both achieved their goals. David and the other 
governors had finally got enough patrons and Alice was happy that the 
much need capital to save St Saviour's was now in place.

"All in all it had been a enjoyable day," Alice thought, as she started 
to plan the development of St Saviour's and arrange all the clandestine 
activities that were going to be needed, to keep her paying visitors 
satisfied. 
