Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Bruce's Story
Part: Chapter 3 of 4
Universe: PdV's Boy Meets Girl Meets Girl
Summary: Teens meet and learn together while out sailing.
Keywords: mf, Mf, oral, inc
Language: English
Copyright: 2004

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

Sixteen year old Bruce had been asked to join his Uncle 
Frank on a weekend yacht cruise to provide some 
companionship for Maeve, the similarly aged daughter of 
Frank's new girlfriend Denise.

At first Maeve had been cold towards Bruce but once she 
had gotten to know him they hit it off remarkably well.  
They had lost their virginities and afterwards had caught 
their older companions in a compromising situation which 
had led to a more openness about their mutual sexual 
endeavours.

*********************************************

We had been out to dinner and Maeve and I had stood 
"watching the stars" on deck after our shipmates had 
headed off to their private cabin.

"Let's go in."  I hoped Maeve was recovering from her 
recent release at a similar pace to myself and would be 
as interested in finding how comfortable the bunks were 
when shared.

I quickly showered while she used the head and was in bed 
when she came out.  She made no attempt to hide as she 
stripped off her clothing before showering - it would 
have been a bit silly though she had been half afraid I 
would be turned off by her bulky appearance.

I smiled and beckoned her over when she turned after 
putting the last of her clothes on the other bed.  She 
had brought a nightie but didn't even consider taking it 
out of her small case.

She leaned over and kissed me.  "Warm the bed up and I'll 
be back soon and you can warm me up."

The sight of her retreating behind was a pleasant change 
from some of the girls in my class who looked as if they 
had been through a famine.  I liked her appearance and I 
would tell her so when she returned.

She was still dampish and cool as her bare body covered 
mine and we swept the covers back over us.  The sensation 
of her weight holding me down was unusual, the 
restriction it imposed upon me somewhat exciting.  She 
found my mouth with hers and we spent a few minutes 
kissing, our tongues moving back and forth in a flurry of 
activity.

Her first kiss had demonstrated a desire that I felt as 
well but then we eased up a little and the kisses became 
more tender.

I couldn't hide the object poking into Maeve's thighs and 
she parted them briefly so she had it trapped between the 
warm softness where the minor movements of our bodies 
gently massaged it.  Fortunately it was only a little 
while since Maeve had caused semen to burst out of my 
penis, splashing into the sea over the side of boat, and 
I was able to maintain my calm.

That didn't mean I wasn't interested in getting more 
excited.

With her breasts squashed on my chest I had little scope 
for exploration and concentrated on rubbing my hands over 
her back and occasionally kneading the substantial mounds 
of her bum.

Maeve pressed her hands at the sides of my face to keep 
my mouth where she wanted it; her fingertips massaged my 
scalp as mine dimpled her butt, her palm folded my ear 
down and flattened it against my head.  I paid no 
attention to the pain.  (Okay, so I did but I didn't let 
it distract me too much.)

However I WAS getting to the stage where I was hoping I 
could hold something other than her back or even kiss 
something other than her mouth.  I was going to suggest 
something when we next broke for air but Maeve spoke up 
first.

"I want to try something, sort of a reward for you eating 
me earlier."

She slipped her feet back onto the floor and lifted the 
covers letting the cool air in.  As she bent over me and 
kissed the knob of my upright prick I forgot all about 
the temperature.

This was something I had only ever dreamed about - fairly 
frequently - and which I had not even considered 
suggesting today even after all the other things that had 
happened.

Okay, so you may think I'm a wuss.  I know I would have 
in other circumstances.

I had started off the day with an antagonistic stranger.

I had spent the morning with an interesting girl.

I had spent midday with a sexy young woman.

I had spent the afternoon learning how to eat pussy with 
two other people.

I was now spending time in bed with a girl in other than 
a completely non-sexual way for the first time.

With everything else moving along at such a pace I had 
had little time to think about asking for anything extra; 
everything we were doing was new anyway.

If you're enjoying the cake you aren't too worried if the 
piece you're getting doesn't have the icing.

Maeve was offering me icing!

And it was the sweetest icing I had ever known or could 
have ever imagined.

When we had made love in the water I had to worry about 
falling off the rock (let alone any concerns about my 
performance!) - everything felt wonderful but it was 
spoilt, as I'm sure many first times are, by 
distractions.

Now I could concentrate on every sensation as her tongue 
poked through her lips and began to test the taste of my 
prick.

Maeve had breathed in cautiously as she placed her head 
by my organ and thankfully for us both was satisfied of 
my cleanliness.  She must have been as happy with the 
taste as her silhouetted head did not draw back.  Instead 
her tongue circumnavigated my cock head.

Wet!  Warm!  Wonderful!

She had no more experience of fellatio than I but then we 
had both been first-timers together when I had eaten her 
pussy too.  I felt really close to her since we had 
shared so many experiences today that had been mutual 
firsts.

Regardless of inexperience she was doing an unparalleled 
job.  It could have been almost a botch up and I wouldn't 
have known the difference but I doubt I could have stood 
anything better.

I "suffered" while she slid her tongue along the length 
of my shaft, apologising when the hairs at the base 
tickled her nose and made her shake her head.

I "suffered" as she returned to the tip and planted a 
moist kiss over the end.

I "suffered" as the kissing lips parted and spread around 
my prick and then began to slide down, down, down while 
the tongue resumed its gentle yet sweetly irritating 
caresses.

I "suffered" as Maeve turned her mouth into a vacuum 
cleaner though I couldn't see how her cheeks dimpled as 
the pressure forced me even deeper.

I "suffered" as she bobbed her head up and down 
carelessly.

I really "suffered" as I had to gently force her head 
back so I wouldn't come.

"What?" she asked.

"It's too nice.  I need a break."

I offered to swap places with her and to eat her pussy 
for a while.

Maeve agreed and I swung my legs out the bunk as she 
stood back.  She took my place but it was obvious that I 
would have no real access in its cramped confines.

"You'll have to sit up I think."

She did so and I was able to slide my hand between those 
lovely thighs.  (Maeve has given me a taste for girls who 
aren't built rake-thin.)

I was delighted to find her already wet and knelt before 
her - I had yet to learn how quickly a woman could become 
aroused in the right circumstances and how poorly she 
would be if inadequate care or time was taken.

On the way down I took her breasts into my mouth and 
showed I still remembered the day's instruction.

Maeve didn't a BRIEF diversion but I had promised more 
and her hand on the back of my head "encouraged" me to 
kneel completely.

She had to spread her knees so I could get in close and 
soon shifted so her legs rested over my shoulders.  It at 
least kept my ears warm, the rest of me was going to get 
cold.

Before I started in earnest, I suggested Maeve put the 
covers around her and I heard them shift.  My partner's 
welfare taken care of, I now attempted to take care of 
her need for pleasure.

When we had been on deck that afternoon Maeve effectively 
held her pussy wide open for me; tonight I had to find my 
own way and wormed my tongue into what seemed the wettest 
spot.

I was rewarded with copious juices that filled my mouth 
with a flavour sensation that really should be marketed 
somehow.  I'm not really sure what would work out best - 
chocolate? flavoured milk? ice cream perhaps? chewing gum 
or maybe even bubble gum with a liquid centre definitely! 
- but I feel there would be millions who appreciate the 
taste.

I certainly did; and Maeve liked the way I was changing 
between pressing my tongue into her opening and letting 
it slide up one side of her little hood and back down the 
other.

She too seemed to feel that she had to stop me.  Her 
actions were a little more authoritative and insistent.

She threw her legs apart and clamped a hand to each side 
of my head which allowed her to pull me up to a standing 
position.

"Enough!  Make love to me!"

She lay back on the bunk and this time I climbed on top 
of her.

Maeve opened her legs to allow me to rest between but one 
knee had to extend out into the walkway and I banged my 
head as I sat up a little getting into position.

With hard prick positioned correctly at the entrance to 
her wet pussy I leaned forward, pushing down with my hips 
at the same time, while Maeve crossed her ankles behind 
my back.

I sunk in and almost came at once; I went deep and stayed 
motionless in an attempt to hold off an orgasm.

It was pointless; I was going to come merely from the 
added experience of my prick passing through the length 
of Maeve's vagina.

I acknowledged my body's failing and began to pump, 
thinking of the need for yet another apology for my early 
start.

Pumping turned out to be the best thing I could have 
done.  Maeve was ready for some serious humping and for 
the first time she was getting it hard and fast - and we 
were both liking it!

I kept pushing as I came, thrusting over and over while 
waves of pleasure swept over me in turn.  I felt Maeve's 
nails digging into my back, the pain barely noticeable at 
the time.

Maeve's thighs tightened about my waist, crushing my 
sides.

It was by far the best experience of my life; could 
things ever possibly get any better?

We slowed and eventually came to a stop and I bent down 
to place my lips against hers and we kissed with a 
tenderness that I couldn't believe.  We lay together, me 
buried inside her where I could feel every little 
squeeze.  I could only hope that she was feeling every 
bit as happy as I was!

Eventually I could feel myself falling out of the warm 
confines of her body, or rather being squeezed out like a 
stream of toothpaste.

Maeve found the trickle oozing over her thighs to be 
annoying and she got me to move off of her so she could 
clean herself up again.  I took the opportunity to do 
something similar at the sink; not hygienic perhaps but I 
wasn't really dirty.

I was back in bed before her and, rather than occupying 
her own empty and therefore roomier bunk, she took the 
pillow from it and got me to sit up a little so she could 
lie her head on my chest; "our" bunk was just long 
enough!

It was comfortable enough that we stayed like that for a 
couple of hours.  We might have continued that way all 
night if Denise hadn't needed to go to the head.

"Maeve!  What do you think you are doing?"

We woke groggily and it took quite a few seconds before 
either of us were in any state to answer.

"Mother!  Go back to bed.  Just let us get some sleep."

Denise was stunned at her daughter's response.  She had 
never been in a similar situation and didn't know whether 
to walk away or to stay and act like a mother, or at 
least like how she believed a mother would act.

In the end the pressure in her bladder pushed her to use 
the head with a complete sense of dissatisfaction with 
the incomplete outcome.  Darkness descended upon us once 
again.

She knew she would have to talk with her daughter in the 
morning and felt a couple of hours consideration of what 
she could say would only help - she was sure SHE wasn't 
going to be able to go back to sleep regardless of how 
easily her daughter had apparently slipped back into her 
dreams.

I lay there wondering how much shit I was going to be in 
either when Denise came out of the head or when we met in 
the morning.  Visions of shotgun weddings passed before 
me as I realised that Maeve hadn't actually gone back to 
sleep.

Her hand was trapped underneath her body, her arm having 
moved when she had turned slightly to respond to her 
mother.  I could feel her fingers wriggling around until 
she had them wrapped securely about my penis; it 
immediately responded to her touch.

With it's hardening Maeve lifted herself and moved closer 
to my feet, the covers rising as she knelt.  Her mouth 
found my prick again and she started gently sucking, just 
the head entering her parted lips.

What the hell did she think she was doing!?  Her mother 
was still in the head and would be coming out at any 
second!

I tried to pull her up again but the nasty girl simply 
let me pull her further onto my prick.  I could just 
imagine the response if her mother came out now, or 
worse, if Denise delayed long enough for Maeve to make me 
come and returned as my orgasm hit.

Maeve was well aware of the passage of time however and 
moved back to feign sleep just before Denise opened the 
door, cast a concerned look in our direction and went 
back to her cabin.  I had been peering out between nearly 
closed eyelids and could only hope the shadows made it 
look like I was fast asleep.

With the closure of the door Maeve went into action and 
my prick was freed from the tight valley between her 
crushed breasts.  She gave it another little kiss and 
then moved up to kiss me properly.

I was much more awake than when Denise's yell had broken 
into my dreams and aroused again; I responded to Maeve's 
kisses as first one knee and then the other was shifted 
to the outside of my hips.  She wriggled around and my 
prick was flattened against her pussy while my lips were 
flattened by hers.

She straightened, her head pressing against the low 
ceiling above the bunk, and brought her breasts in front 
of my face again.  I reached up and supported their 
weight as I felt for her nipples in the dark.

What wonderful toys.  It seems unfair that girls have 
them when boys like playing with them so much.  I took 
every opportunity to explore them while I had a chance; 
Maeve could decide to ask for them back and it might be a 
while before some other young lady let me access her 
charms.

I took her right nipple in my mouth and teased it as the 
other was rolled and stretched between my finger and my 
thumb.

With my left thumb standing out at right angles to my 
palm it felt as though I was holding a large soft drink 
bottle to my lips and it seemed natural to suck gently on 
the teat.

Maeve seemed, fortunately, to like what I was doing and I 
in turn enjoyed the feel of her sliding her increasingly 
damp pussy along my prick.  It was an incredible feeling 
with her bush tickling the head of my prick and she was 
rocking her hips from side to side at the same time so I 
was also being given an unusual massage.  It was 
something that was hard to endure while at the same time 
I wished it could go on forever.

It didn't; Maeve had other ideas.

I felt her arm brush mine as she released her hold on my 
head and then her hand slipped under her raised body to 
push my prick back into an upright position.  Hand 
removed, she descended to cover me with her dampness.

Oh that was good!

Leaning over me, Maeve was in control.  I could push my 
hips up a little but that was all.

She rocked her hips so that she rose and fell slowly 
while her clit was pressed against my pubic bone.  I 
could only concentrate on her breasts and on holding on 
long enough for this wonderful young woman to get the 
pleasure she certainly deserved.

---

Never in my life had I come four times before!  Jerking 
the gherkin was a pastime I will admit to indulging in, I 
don't think any male could deny that he did that from 
time to time, still, FOUR (F! O! U! R!) times was once 
more than I had ever managed in one day and that was 
morning, noon and night!

Since we still had almost seven more hours in the day I 
could only wonder what the final tally would be.

Now don't think I'm stuck on quantity; I could appreciate 
the quality of every moment of my time with Maeve.

I didn't even know if I COULD come again.

I must have been getting used to having sex though as 
this time Maeve came before me.  That too was a pleasant 
difference, so pleasant that I came while she was still 
in the throes of her own climax.

She collapsed onto me, her breasts almost smothering me 
until I parted them and drew breath through the narrow 
valley down the middle.

We got up quietly and washed yet again.  Maeve decided 
that it was better for us to sleep apart and actually get 
some sleep, unfortunately!  Although I probably would 
have regretted it by morning if she had stayed.

With a whispered "Good night, Sweetheart" and her "Good 
night Brucie Boy" in reply (Gee thanks!) we were soon 
both fast asleep.

---

Breakfast was an interesting time for all of us; neither 
Maeve nor I were quite sure how Denise was going to 
react.

She was stonily silent at first, only giving the briefest 
"Hello" as she joined us at the table.

Having finished I made a place for her - there's not much 
room for more than two - and Maeve tried to act normally 
but it's hard trying to carry on a conversation by 
yourself.

I was a coward; I headed on deck where Frank grinned (I 
thought somewhat stupidly) at me before turning back to 
the anchor.

Now I was out of the way Denise apparently felt she could 
have her say.  We could hear her voice and fortunately 
she was sounding quite reasonable - no shouting, no harsh 
words; Maeve also sounded happy enough - perhaps I wasn't 
in trouble after all!

Maeve joined us shortly afterwards with her own silly 
grin.  "She wasn't very happy with us but I think that's 
because she didn't expect me to 'behave like that'.  She 
doesn't seem to apply the same rules to you though.  Its 
unfair really; she seems to expect you to behave like 
you're sex mad while I'm supposed to be her sweet little 
virgin."

I had to laugh; Maeve had come on strong enough for both 
of us!  It was a relief though to know that Denise 
wouldn't be after my balls.

"I told her that we were just good friends."

Oh well that at least let me know where I stood!  I 
wasn't sure if I was pleased that Maeve had made her 
position clear or whether I would have preferred she 
asked me first.

Were my feelings really hurt?  No, I can't say that they 
were.  Nice though Maeve was, we hadn't been together a 
day; besides, Frank was preparing to set sail again and I 
was suddenly busy.  There was little time to feel hard 
done by, especially as she was finding little ways to 
caress me as I moved about the boat.

It can be distracting having a lovely girl, or anyone for 
that matter, gently squeezing your balls as you try to 
hoist a sail.  It can be even more disturbing if she 
insists on doing it an front of your uncle!

Frank watched with amusement until she passed behind him 
and he felt her hand reach between his parted legs to 
stroke HIS sack as well.  It was my turn to laugh and he 
took it all in good humour.

Though he had touched Maeve's genitals the day before, it 
was the first time she had done anything other than look 
at him.  After he had reacted, he went back to securing 
the anchor with his legs in the same position; Maeve went 
in for the kill and this time managed to fondle his 
prick.

I watched as they stood there, Frank bent slightly over, 
Maeve reaching from behind.  I kept an ear out for 
Denise; she mightn't see things in the same light as the 
rest of us.

I have to confess to being just a little jealous of my 
uncle right then.  Silly when you think about it; Maeve 
was really only a one night stand (my one and only ever) 
though that didn't mean I thought any less of her. 

I finally realised that I should simply be grateful for 
the experiences we had shared and for any that we might 
add to our collection of fun times before we finally 
parted ways.

With that new frame of mind I was better able to 
appreciate the sight when Frank turned around and gave 
Maeve a kiss, a more than passionate kiss, one which she 
returned.

"Frank, are you finished there?" - I could hear Denise on 
the steps.

"Just about.  Take up that slack Bruce and we'll get 
underway."

Maeve and Frank were looking quite innocent; I had 
trouble not laughing.

Maeve came over to where I was standing and gave me a 
kiss too.

"Hussy!" I whispered with a grin; then I kissed her back 
- with interest.  Watching her fooling around with Frank 
had, in the end, made me rather hot and I wished she 
would fondle me in a similar manner.

Once under way, we three got a little more fun behind 
Denise's back; I let Maeve take the wheel while I held 
her breasts, when she passed it back she remained there 
and I was lucky that Denise couldn't notice she a hand 
inside my fly.

Frank didn't miss out either with tit for tat, or rather 
"tit for prick", snatches as one passed the other.  Frank 
would walk up behind Maeve and wrap his arms around her 
only to find she was fumbling for his crotch.

I don't know if grabbing her breasts counts as 
retaliation since Maeve didn't seem to mind; she 
certainly kept coming back for more.

Then Frank would play "Chicken" with her, running his 
finger down from her forehead until she moved away or 
said "Stop".  She did neither; Frank ended up running his 
hand down between her legs and Maeve was more pissed off 
that he hadn't kept going rather than that he had gone so 
far.

Needless to say, there were plenty of kisses for Maeve 
from both of us whenever we turned around.

From her spot at the bow Denise didn't seem to notice how 
much activity was going on around her.  What had started 
as flirtatious misbehaviour gradually became more erotic 
as the "danger" of discovery grew when our activity got 
more outrageous.

I was stuck at the wheel which did at least mean that 
Maeve spent a fair bit of time with me while Frank was 
talking with Denise.

Maeve nearly blew it a couple of times, I only wished she 
would blow ME!

Since Denise was spending as much time with Frank I 
suppose there was really no reason her to suspect he was 
guilty of any mischief; she was probably just glad that 
her daughter had lost the previous morning's moodiness.

When Frank headed back from the bow to get Denise a soft 
drink Maeve quickly asked if I wanted one too.  She beat 
him into the cabin and I could hear them talking - well 
Maeve's sounds were more giggles - but the most amazing 
thing was what I cold see going on when Frank came back 
on deck.

He turned around and was talking to Denise while he held 
her glass against the roof of the cabin.  Down the steps 
Maeve had pulled down his waistband and was now doing 
what I had wished for myself.

Frank did do me the courtesy of sheepishly looking over 
his shoulder at me and was obviously relieved that I was 
grinning rather than frowning.  He turned forwards again 
and showed what real sophistication is - he managed to 
carry on a conversation with his lover while her daughter 
was sucking on his cock.

He also demonstrated his stamina, going for far longer 
than I would have managed.  Maeve also broke further new 
ground herself since she ignored Franks urgent 
indications that he was going to come and even managed to 
keep her mouth attached for almost the whole time he was 
spewing his seed into it.

Towards the end she decided enough was enough and his 
last shots struck her cheek where they added to the 
patches seeping from the corners of her mouth.

I saw her turn away and lean over; she was spitting what 
she hadn't swallowed into a cloth which she then used to 
wipe her face.

Frank adjusted his clothes and then leaned down so he 
showed his appreciation with a kiss.

I could see them talking but their voices were too soft 
for me to hear.  Maeve told me later that he had thanked 
her and told her that it had been the best blowjob he had 
had for ages - her mother apparently would kiss his prick 
but would barely suck on it so Denise had never actually 
tasted his cum.

Maeve felt quite proud of the fact that not only had she 
tried yet another new thing, and had performed that 
creditably, she had also given Frank a pleasure that her 
mother refused him.

Frank only had a brief word to Denise when he handed her 
the drink before returning to me at the wheel.

"I'll take over.  Maeve wants to have a word with you."

I led him take control of the boat and went to see what 
the smiling girl wanted.

"Hi!"

She was all smiles though she wanted to see whether I had 
any problems with her activities with my uncle.

She grabbed my waistband and pulled me over by the door 
so I was standing right in front of her.

"Everything okay?"  She raised her eyebrows as she looked 
into my eyes.

I thought back to the previous day when she had been 
fishing for compliments; she was probably doing much the 
same now.

"I don't know that I have anything to complain about", I 
replied carefully, "I don't own you after all.  I guess 
I'm envious rather than jealous.  Frank looked like he 
was enjoying himself."

Maeve let her activities speak louder than her words and 
held my waistband with one hand while she lowered the zip 
with the other.  It was now my turn to get a public 
blowjob.

Talking to Denise as Frank had before, and turning to see 
my uncle grinning even wider as he enjoyed the show, I 
had to struggle as Maeve once again was wonderful to me.

Her mouth sent shivers up and down my spine; I didn't 
know if she would keep sucking until I came or if once 
was enough for a lifetime and the suspense of "will she, 
won't she" kept me tense.

It only took a few minutes to find out; I was talking to 
Frank and began to come just as Denise interrupted.

She sat up and looked back over the roof at me and began 
to wonder where her daughter was and what she might be 
doing.

She stared at me while my conversation petered out.

"Bruce, could you bring the sunscreen to me please?"

I don't think she really needed it, she merely wanted to 
maintain some control over her daughter, especially where 
that concerned me.  I heard a snigger from behind me when 
I called out, "Coming!"

It set Maeve off too which only made things worse for me 
as it added further stimulation at a time when ANYTHING 
extra was going to make me come.

Maeve was at least prepared this time and managed to 
cover the head of my spurting prick with the cloth after 
the first jet of semen struck the back of her throat; she 
tasted me and swallowed my cum but the rest of the messy 
flood ended up in the cloth rather than in her now clean 
face.

I can't have been too disgusting as the fabulous, 
wonderful, beautiful, talented girl popped me back into 
her mouth for a quick clean up after my body had stopped 
convulsing.

As I bent down to kiss her and to wonder what I could do 
to return the favour, no, not favour - honour, she had 
bestowed upon me, the sunscreen was thrust into my hand 
as Maeve's tongue was thrust into my mouth.

It was an unusual flavour, something I had not thought to 
try.  There was no disgust and I certainly didn't stop to 
think (that came a little later when Maeve was describing 
her experiences) that traces of Frank's cum would most 
likely still be present in Maeve's mouth when she kissed 
me.

I hastened to the bow with the cream as soon as Maeve had 
made me presentable again.

"Here it is", I said.

"Would you mind rubbing it onto my back please?" she 
asked as she lifted off her top, briefly exposing her 
melon-sized tits before they were flattened beneath her.

What could I do but coat her back for her.  It turned 
into a sort of backrub so I wasn't surprised when she 
rolled back over when I had finished.

"Would you mind awfully doing my front as well?"

I suspect this was payback for yesterday's activities; 
her boyfriend - my uncle - had fingered her daughter and 
her daughter had held Denise's pussy open for me to dip 
my own finger in.

She apparently was still a little annoyed with the other 
two at least.  If Frank was too busy to come and look 
after her then I, as the only other male available, could 
pay her some attention; perhaps it would make the others 
jealous.

I don't know what I would have done if we hadn't pushed 
the boundaries out yesterday; I think Denise would have 
intimidated me somewhat.  Would I have been game enough 
to even apply the cream to her front let alone to her 
massive breasts?

I hope that I would have had the guts but I'm not so 
sure.

Getting down and dirty with Maeve was one thing, she was 
my age; misbehaving with a woman nearer my own mother's 
age was another thing entirely without Maeve's 
encouragement.

Having gone through my baptism of fire, I was much 
readier to see just how far she would let me get.

I started on her shoulders, smoothing the cream down her 
arms as I went.  I used both hands to spread it over her 
cheeks with my thumbs rubbing across her forehead like 
windscreen wipers; then down her neck and carefully over 
her throat.

That meant her chest was the obvious next stop.

I worked down from her collarbone, the flattened expanse 
initially wasn't much different from her back, until I 
reached her nipples and the curve where they folded over 
themselves.  Once again I worked down the sides before 
"attacking" the two sensitive knobs that seemed to have 
grown as I had been busy nearby.

It made me think of the only time I had really tried to 
grope my sister Charlene; then too I had been putting 
sunscreen on her back.

She had undone the straps of her top to avoid tan lines 
and I worked my way around the barely accessible sides of 
her tits.  For Denise though the opposite applied; I had 
worked towards her back to avoid touching her tits.

It was easy enough to tell that the attractive divorcee 
liked my touch and she rested her hands on mine, holding 
them in place a little longer, before finally allowing me 
to coat her abdomen.

I had plenty of time to consider how I would do her legs 
and decided to tease her by starting at her feet and only 
slowly working up to her thighs.

Sunscreen isn't the same as massage oil but the residue 
on my hands still worked well enough to give a 
satisfactory foot rub.  Her thighs could have burned to a 
crisp by the time I got around to them.

I had never given what was effectively a proper massage 
before, and the differences in how her legs felt as I 
worked my way along them was almost as interesting as the 
furry target where her thighs met.  I could see how the 
mass of fine curls caused her bikini briefs to push out 
and also the occasional wisp that poked around the edges.

Her shins were hard, bone covered by only skin; her 
calves muscular; her thighs, Ah her thighs!  I ran one 
hand up the inside and one along the outer surface after 
applying a generous dollop of cream to each palm.

Though she had been lying down while I did her back and 
then her chest, Denise had sat up slightly to better 
watch me as I worked.  I turned out to have been the 
youngest "man" (I'll give myself that title in view of 
her outlook) who had paid her this much attention since 
her own teenage years.  It was a bit disturbing to look 
up and see her eyes watching my expression.

I couldn't look at her face while I worked but if I 
watched my hands instead it wasn't long before my 
concentration wandered and I was looking at the faint 
camel toe in her bathers again or even up at her breasts.

I also had to worry whether the erection in my pants was 
noticeable to her; it seemed so obvious to me and I could 
do nothing about it while under her gaze - any adjustment 
would only draw her attention to it if she hadn't already 
seen the bulge.

"All done I think."

"Thank you Bruce.  You have very gentle hands.  Will you 
sit with me for a while please?"

"Okay."  I thought about what she might want to say - 
breakfast had gone better than we had expected but she 
might still have a topic or two to discuss with me.

"Let me just wash my hands.  Can I get you anything?"

"Not right now, thank you.  I'll just wait here."

I took the sunscreen back to the cabin.  I don't know if 
that was worse than sitting with greasy hands.

The state of my prick was clearly recognisable, firstly 
to Denise, and then to the other two as I walked aft.

"Having fun?" Maeve asked.  It was obvious that she was.  
She had hold of the wheel and Uncle Frank had hold of her 
breasts under her loose top.  She licked her lips and 
there was something about her mouth and the way she 
looked at me that suggested she wanted a kiss to show I 
was okay with his behaviour.  I smiled and gave her a 
quick one.

"Looks like you are.  I've been busy working."

"I'm working", she replied defensively, "I'm learning to 
sail.  Frank said he'll take me out again sometime."

"I'm glad you've found it can be fun."

"Oh it is, and sailing is almost as much fun."

We all laughed and I disappeared down below.

*********************************************************

Continued in Chapter 4

