Beyond the Blue, part 5		by lennoxbear@gmail.com

The following is an erotic story involving gay relationships and male to male sex.  If such offends you, leave.


Jim's hands shook as he carefully worked to hide his cyber finds in a password-protected file on the computer. His wife wasn't the kind who used the computer often except for work but he didn't want to take any chances.  She called to say she was spending the whole day and dinner with her folks and would he mind fending for himself for dinner.  She basically ignored him throughout his struggle with his cold anyway, so what difference did it make.  He spent the whole of the afternoon searching through gay sites and had more information at his fingertips than he ever thought possible.  He took one more precaution and rebooted the system to wipe out the history and address files.  He watched as the machine clicked away and returned to its former boring life.  He got up to piss, only to discover his dick was still rock hard and dripping.  The reflection in the mirror was a tall, somewhat disheveled man with a slightly guilty look.

Jim stripped off his T-shirt, pinched his nips, and then dropped his sweatpants to watch himself jackoff in the bathroom mirror.  His mind raced through all the sites he had just visited with men eager for hot man to man action.  None of it was making much sense except that he needed to drop his load.  His arm furiously beat the fat cock.  The chest muscles flexed and bounced.  As his breathing became rapid and shorter he stared himself in the eye and shot hot streams of cum onto the mirror and across the bathroom counter.  He fell against the sink in a coughing and wheezing attack from the cold.  So much for easy sex.  He cleaned up the mess and stood at the toilet peeing.  Holy shit, the magazines.  He had forgotten about them.

They were still next to the computer.  He put the sports and car magazines on the table by his reading chair but carried the gay ones to the spare bedroom where he had been banished with his cold.  The plastic wrappers gave him a moment of fight but were soon crumpled in the bottom of the tissue filled wastebasket.  He sat in the chair and began reading, his dick responding to the suggestive stories and picture.  The uniform magazine had him buzzing and licking his lips.  He lay his head back and thought about what was happening to him. And how confused and scared he was.  And how hungry.  The magazines were hidden in his smelly gym bag to make the transition to the safety of his truck later.  As he rummaged through the refrigerator for food he thought about the men with whom he worked.  His mind kept coming back to Al.  That had to change.

He carried the sandwich back to the office and stood staring at the computer.  What the fuck.  He clicked on the icon and signed back on.  Favourites.  Hesitation.  He hadn't really looked through any of these but had saved a bunch for future reference.  The pointer moved up and down the list.  Musclebearz.  Holy fuck.  Big men.  These men can't be interested in other men, can they?  Jim worked his way through the assortment of pages and pictures, his jaw hanging open at the muscle and masculinity.  His dick throbbed as he stroked it through the soft material.  A big wet spot formed as it leaked with each new hot pic.  Each one had him shaking his head in disbelief.  His hand and heart stopped.  Big man - Chicago, hot pose.  Click.

Sunday morning Jim wheezed his way to church with Linda.  She made him carry a box of tissues and take enough medication to knock out a horse.  He didn't feel badly but looked worse than he felt.  Bo waved at him from his seat with his wife and kids.  Jim slid into the pew next to him.

"Looking a little pale there buddy."  Bo poked his chest playfully.

"Gee, thanks.  I don't feel badly, should be at work tomorrow.  I should call Al and tell him."

Bo pursed his lips.  "I saw him the other day, he was, uh, a bit under the weather himself."

"Oh man, hope I didn't give this to him."

"No, I don't think you did."

"You look a little bloodshot yourself Bo buddy."

"Yeah, night out with the guys, not much sleep.  And someone is really ticked at me now."  Bo nodded his head toward his wife.

Jim sniffed and shrugged his shoulders.  "Welcome to the club.  Been avoided since I got this cold."  Their eyes locked onto each other and Jim felt his chest tighten.  The organ started and the service began.  Afterwards, they stood next to Bo's car as their wives chattered.  Jim stared at the black man's chest outlined in his crisp white dress shirt.  Bo leaned against the car. Even through the suit, he was an impressive figure.  Jim averted his eyes to watch the departing church members.  

"Guess I better call my partner and let him know I'll be back on the job tomorrow."

"Oh, Al, yeah.  Not sure he'll be up for work, he sounded a bit out of it the other day."

"Huh, the guy never called me back.  Maybe I'll go over there this afternoon."

"You better call first, in case he's really sick."  Bo looked away.

"Can't get any sicker than I am, the body's fighting it pretty good right now.  I owe him soup and sympathy anyway."

"Call first anyway."  Bo turned and held Jim's biceps tightly.  He couldn't help but think Jim knew about last night but shook it off.  His wife came over and they got into the car to leave.  Jim found Linda and her parents.  They wanted to stop for brunch.  She looked at Jim and decided he didn't look up to it.  He felt fine but let her go without him.  He drove home alone, picked up a hot meal at the grocery store and sat in the kitchen eating while shuffling through the Sunday paper.  With a big cup of coffee in hand. He wandered upstairs to change clothes.
 
No answer at Al's.  A simple message will do.  Jim sat down at the computer and called up the previous night's site.  He found the picture of the man in Chicago again and clicked on the email link.  The box opened.  He took a big sip of coffee and placed his hands over the keys.  "Hey buddy, saw your pic on.................."

Al plowed his fat dick into Art's hard butt and swore under his breath at the ringing phone.  Not now.  Art was moaning and thrusting his butt into the air to meet Al's ram.  He urged Al to drive his dick harder.  Al grabbed the man's muscular waist and rammed the muscle butt.  Art pushed back even more. The man was hot and hungry.  Al studied the muscles straining in the broad back and the big arms flexed to support his weight and Al's battering dick.  He reached around the big chest and found a hard nip just pleading for attention.  Art groaned louder.  His dick was making loud smacks against his sharp abs.  He begged Al to fuck him harder.  Sweat dropped from Al's forehead and slid across Art's muscular back.  Art screamed as he shot and straightened up to unload his cum into his hand.  He rubbed the hot cream into his chest with Al's help as he felt Al's dick throbbing inside its latex condom.  Al fell onto his back on the bed, panting and sweating.

"Thanks again buddy, you have a hot ass for a man who also throws a mean fuck."  Art worked the cop's big nipples.

"I may like to fuck hard butt but I also like a stiff prick up my hole every now and then."  He sucked on the meaty tits and soon had Al writhing on the sheets again.  "How's your back and butt?"

"Not bad.  They still sting a bit if I'm not careful but whatever this stuff is that you put on my skin, it is really helping.  There is one problem though."

"What's that?"

"Tomorrow when I shower for work I won't be able to reach my whole back.  It would help if someone stayed overnight and helped in the morning.  Hint hint."  Al winced as Art bit his tits.

"Hmm, I could do that.  Let me run home and get clothes for work tomorrow and we'll make a night of it." Art slapped the sore nipples and jumped off the bed.  He pulled his clothes back on and pulled Al to his feet.  He carefully wrapped his arms around the stocky cop and bit his lower lip.

"I'll have to see what I have in the fridge for dinner."  Al padded across the room and down the hall. "Unless?"  Art looked at him.  "Unless, I call the Chinese place down the street and we get take out?"

"Sound good to me, saves on having to do dishes."  Al pulled a menu from a kitchen cupboard and had Art make the choices while he retrieved his wallet.

"Dinner is on me, you've been terrific helping me with my little problem.  I really feel better, not 100% but way improved over last night.  Thanks."  He held the back of Art's thick neck and kissed him a sloppy passionate wet kiss.

"Give me an hour and 15 minutes to get home and back.  Call the order in and I'll get it on my way back here.  Don't shower, I want you ripe and sweaty."

"Hey, two things I do really good."  Al locked the door behind him and got a beer from the kitchen before stopping in front of his computer for an email check.

"You've got mail."  Al carefully sat on a pillow and opened his mailbox.  The usual junk appeared with a bunch of new mail from friends.  And some new mail from names he didn't recognize.  He deleted the garbage, decided the family stuff could wait until later and started through the new items.  One note in particular really got him going.  The guy seemed to really like his body and described in details what he could do for him.  Save that for an answer.  He looked over at the answering machine and saw he had one message.  Jim's slightly congested voice told him he should be back on the job tomorrow and to call him later.  He signed off the computer and dialed Jim's number.  Busy. Oh well, his wife did like to talk.  He finished his beer, put the bottle in the recycling bin and stretched out across the bed to wait for Art.

Bo spent the afternoon puttering in his yard and thinking about the night before.  He had actually walked into the Garage, a gay bar, purchased a beer and found a safe place on the sidelines to stand and watch for awhile.  The place was filled with men in every size and shape.  The guys in good shape and dressed in jeans or leather got the most attention from him.  He slowly made his way through all four floors, soaking in the knowledge of the new experiences.  The Top floor was the darkest bar and he had to stop to let his eyes adjust.  A big blond a few feet away got his dick stirring.  The man had a chest nearly as big as Bo's but his waist was unbelievably small.  The lats flared then angled down in a sharp hard curve.  The butt pushed out in his chaps and jock.  Bo bit his lip when he realized what he was seeing was the man's bare ass.  His chest was crossed in a tight leather harness to show off the huge slabs of muscle on his chest.  Bo had to reach down and tug his hardening dick until it was free to grow down his pantleg.  The man smiled with amusement at Bo's reaction to him.  He took the few steps over to Bo and extended his hand.

"I'm Bill.  You having a problem there?"  He grabbed Bo's big black dick through the snug jeans.  "No, fuck, that ain't a problem, that's a pleasure."  Bill's hands cupped the big balls through the denim and squeezed just slightly.  Bo felt the need to get his rocks off overcoming his fears.  "Man, great body, you compete?"

"Used to, don't have the time and stamina for diet the way I used to."  The hot jolts of electricity from Bill's hand running over his chest and cock made him feel lightheaded.  Bill's appreciative hand strongly measured Bo's taunt muscles and stopped in between the deep butt cheeks.  "Obviously, you spend a great deal of time in the gym, look fucking great.  What's your waist?'

"Thirty-one and the chest is 50.  Blessed with really good genetics.  Everywhere."  He gave Bo a big grin and rubbed a huge, hard dick against the cop's thigh.  Bo reached down and cupped the pouch of the leather jock feeling the big dick just bearly being contained.  He slid his hand up the smooth hot chest and wrapped his big hand around a mountain of pec muscle.  Bo had big hands and this guy's pecs filled them to overflowing.  His hand slid back down along the tiny waist, cut intercostals and onto the top of the chaps.  He bumped a bunch of keys hanging from the left side and returned to rubbing the pouch with the back of his hand.  Bill pulled them closer together and growled.

"You from town?  Don't think I have ever seen you in here before."  He loosened Bo's shirttail and ran his hot hand up the deeply etched back muscles as they leaned against the bar in the dark setting.  

"Don't get out much, well, to be honest, this is my first time here and I ain't exactly out."

"Hmmm, still on the virginal fringe, eh?"

"Something like that.  Man you are so hot, you're making my dick hurt."  

"So, a lot of this is still new to you, huh?"  Bill leaned closer for Bo to hear him over the suddenly loud music.  Bo turned his head and locked eyes.  Bill studied the deep black eyes and wasn't sure what Bo really knew about the bar and the man whose hand was now under his belt feeling the top of the hard, chiseled butt.  Bo was sure Bill cold sense his fear and nervousness but wanted the contact to last a bit longer.  Bill talked about the bar and leaned closer.  Bo's eyes never lost contact. He brought their mouths together and felt the release of desire.  Their lips parted and Bill's tongue searched Bo's eager mouth.

"Well you got the kissing part right, fuck what a mouth.  And heaven knows the body is a killer.  Man, I would love to bury my face in your ass and eat your hole."  Bo got lost.  Men did this?

"Look, I get the impression that you might be a bit overwhelmed with all of this.  My place is only a couple of blocks away and I promise I won't do anything you don't want me to do.  If you just want to talk that's cool. It's up to you."  Bo sucked down his beer shook his head yes and followed the hard blond ass through the bar to the street.  Bill claimed his jacket, wrapped it around his waist and held the door for Bo.

"The cops don't appreciate you walking the street with your ass hanging out, that's OK.  I can survive."  Bo chuckled at the comment and checked to be sure that his ID was in the bottom of his inside pocket.  Bill wasn't kidding.  They walked to his apartment in an old warehouse building and never had to move Bo's truck.  Bo looked around at the loft set up and whistled.

"Same feeling I had about you when you walked in."  Bill threw their coats over a chair, turned and ran smack into Bo.  The beefy cop wrapped his arms around the blond and kissed him deeply.   Bill struggled to get Bo's shirt off the massive upper body.  Bo kept returning to the liplock.  "Let's go back to the bed."  Bo's felt his heart skipping beats.

The bedroom was still open to the loft but separated by pipe railings and hanging screens.  Bill undid Bo's belt and jeans and forced them over the monstrous thighs.  

"Jeez, these fuckers must be as big as my waist."  Bo kicked off his shoes and stood before Bill in just his athletic socks.  "WOW, if you look like this now, what did you look like when you competed?"

"Well, for one thing, I didn't have this."  Bo waved his long, hard ebony cock at Bill.  Bill smiled and agreed.  He moved to unsnap a harness strap and Bo stopped him.  "No, don't, just the jock, can you just take that off?"  Bo had no idea why he just asked that.  Bill smiled and unsnapped the jock codpiece.  Bo took it in his hand, warm from the heat of Bill's big dick and balls and held it up.  He put it to his face and breathed deeply.  A long sigh escaped his huge chest.  Bill watched him carefully.  Bo dropped to his knees and faced his first cock.  He wrapped his long fingers around the base of the cock and balls and rubbed it over his unshaven face.  Bill moaned and encouraged him.  He could smell the leather on Bill.  His tongue carefully licked the tip of the 8-inch shaft and swirled around the head.  It was hard, smooth and felt perfect on his tongue.  He looked up at the beefy blond and locked eyes as he slid the thick shaft between his lips.  He began doing what he remembered the guy did to him in the steam at the gym.  Bill's hands pressed into the big traps and held steady as Bo began sucking cock to make up for lost time.  He gradually adapted and had the whole shaft down his throat.  Bill's pubic bush scratched at his nose and Bo breathed the musky, sweaty man's sent deep into his brain.

"Whoa, buddy, back off, you're gonna make me cum."  Bill pulled him to the bed and Bo flopped onto his back.   Bill lay on top of the big cop and began licking the man's body from head to toe.  Bo's fingers dug into the bed to keep from shooting his load.  His cock was harder than it had ever been.  Bill's head worked the shaft and did things to the big black ballsack that Bo never dreamed possible.  Bill had both the enormous nuts in his mouth pulling to give the big man some pain.  His hands twisted the black nipples until Bo was begging him to stop.

Bill straddled the solid waist and pushed down on the big pecs.  "Normally, I wouldn't just stop, I'm used to being in control.  The two erect cocks bounced off each other. Do you know what it is to be top or bottom?"  Bo made a funny face and shook his head no.  "Well, for one thing, my being a top usually means I fuck your big beefy ass but I don't think you have had that happen before, have you?"

"No."  Bo looked at the big bodybuilder sitting on his thighs and reached down to grab the hard cock.  He began squirming and Bill realized he was trying to turn onto his stomach.

"You really want me to fuck that beautiful butt of yours?"

"Yes, please."

"Ohhhhhhh, you are one hot fucking man."  Bill buried his face between the hard asscheeks and pushed his tongue deep into Bo's body.  Bo lay there as the room spun around him. He felt Bill work his ass in way's he never could have imagined.  The man worked warm lube in with his fingers until Bo felt three or four entering him.  Bill slapped the meaty cheeks and positioned himself in a sort of push up position above the prone cop.  Bo felt the hot, hard dick pressing into him and a flash of hot searing pain.  Jesus.  Bill slowed and pulled back.  Bo took a deep breath and Bill pushed back again.  The pain shot up Bo's back. His arms tensed as they gripped at the headboard.  The shaft was slowly filling his butt.  It felt incredibly huge.  It seemed like forever before Bill lay on Bo's back, his full eight-inch cock buried in the black ass.  He began to slowly fuck the muscle butt.  The pain going through Bo's ass had him whining.

Bill masterfully changed his tempo and thrust until Bo was accustomed to having a man's hard dick up his ass.  Bo relaxed and felt the tight burning pain turn into pleasure.  He began pushing his ass back to meet Bill's thrusts.  The big, beefy muscle butt pushed up and lifted Bill higher into the air.  Bo was really getting into having his butt worked.  Bill slid back a bit in order to raise Bo to his knees and really slam the virgin butt.  His fingers dug into the hard muscle at the cop's waist as he leaned back and pistoned his now purple cock deep inside the grunting man.  Sweat formed on the broad muscular back making it more difficult for Bill to grip his hungry bottom.  Bo was begging for it harder and Bill knew he was a convert.

Bo felt the dick battering his virgin butt get bigger and then felt Bill's hands dig into his traps as the big man shot stream after stream of hot cum.  Bo's breathing became very short and shallow.

"Don't cum yet buddy.  I want that load on my chest."  Bill pulled his dick covered in the cum filled condom out of Bo's ass and rolled onto his back on the bed.  Bo straddled his fucker and felt a hot hand grab his meat and stroke it hard.

"Oh fuck, yeah."  Huge gobs of cum exploded from the black cock and splattered loudly on the blond man's smooth chest.  Bo threw his back and gave out a long wail of pleasure.  His body shuddered with the force of the load he just shot.

"Oh yeah man, that's like buckets of cum."  Bill rubbed the hot sticky goo onto his pecs and abs and punched the big flexing pecs hanging before him.  "If that was really your first time, you were beyond hot."  Bo dropped over the big blond and jammed his tongue into the man's mouth.  They kissed for several minutes until Bill begged for air.

"Buddy, you need to get out more."  Bo lay on the bed beside him and concentrated on calming his pounding heart.  Bill got up to remove his leather and stretch his naked body next to the big cop.  "Anytime you want to do this again, just let me know."

Bo sucked in his breath.  "I don't know when there will be a next time."

"Work knocking you down?"

"No, I ain't gonna lie.  I'm married with children.  I am only beginning to understand that that isn't me."

"Hmm, I thought there might be something like that.  Well, any time you want to sneak away, I'll gladly get naked with you."  He kissed him and felt the big hands cup his butt.  "Don't count on fucking me guy. I'm not a good bottom, especially with a big, 10-inch black snake like yours. Whooowee," Bill grabbed Bo's limp fat cock and flopped it from side to side.

"That's OK.  I rather liked getting fucked."  Both men laughed at that obvious observation.

"Guess you can't stay the night, huh?"

"No, I better be going, the wife will have my nuts.  Gotta do church tomorrow and she is a stickler for my being home and in bed."

"Lucky her."

"No, we have very little sex, and it's not like my dick can't do it.  She just doesn't want to anymore.  Maybe she knows about my feelings for men, who knows."  Bo sat on the edge of the bed and reached for his clothes.  Bill watched as the big man got dressed and marveled at his size and muscular beauty.  They stood at the front door and kissed.

"Look, here's my number.  I really would like to see you again, anytime.  But, I'm a software consultant and travel, so you may have to leave a message.  Don't be pissed if you don't hear from me for a couple of days.  My office is here but the man who owns the company lives and has an office a couple of hours away from here.  I sometimes go there on business.  Big, big man, you would like him.  And his lover."

Bo smiled.  "Lucky you.  How nice working for someone and not having to hide who you are and pretend to be something else."  He hugged Bill and kissed him one more time.  "Thanks.  You will be fucking my ass again real soon."  Bill slapped the big butt as he headed out the door.  Bo sprinted back to his truck and was home in a matter of minutes.  He brushed his teeth and climbed into bed.

"Oh wow, you smell like cigarettes and sweaty men. Get away from me."  His wife pushed him to his side of the bed and turned her back to him.  Bo lay on his side and looked at the clock.  1:00 AM.  He was going to be tired tomorrow, but his ass would be happy.  He squeezed his hard cock and quickly fell asleep.

Monday morning in the locker room the big men all jostled for space as they changed into their uniforms.  Bo dropped his jaw in mock disbelief as Al revealed a T-shirt and underwear.

"I didn't think you owned any, wow."  Al looked back at him smugly.

"Well,,,,,,I ......do.....so...there.  Besides, all things considered, I thought maybe I should cover up."

"Yeah, a wise move.  How do you feel?"

"Good, got some help recovering, ya know."  Al winked and Bo just chuckled.

"Bo?  You seem a bit different today.  Did you, maybe, uh"

"Yes." Al's eyes widened as he figured out what Bo meant.  Their eyes continued the conversation.  Jim hurried in as usual and began changing.

"Hey, pal, how ya feeling?"  Jim stood at his locker in his briefs, his big dick outlined in the soft material.

"Good, really, really good."  He high-fived his partner and continued to get into his uniform.

To be continued, comments - suggestions?		
Lennoxbear@gmail.com 
Beyond the Blue(c) 2000











