IV.

James Tiberius Kirk meandered into the ball room and McCoy laughed internally as he debated which parent had cursed him with that middle name. McCoy allowed his eyes to follow Jim around the room. He didn’t need any assistance -- the man easily stood out in a crowd: crooked smile, piercing eyes, and a magnetism that could not be denied.

Nyota had informed him of her intention to invite Sarek and his family. It was a given that the senator’s son’s ‘roommate’ would tag along. She hated him and a part of the doctor knew what she coined has hatred was jealousy. Jim never strayed far from Nyota’s stalker. His gaze trained on his lover and the woman who had captured the young heir’s attention. As much as Leonard McCoy wanted to hate Kirk for his trickster ways, in the end it had been a blessing in disguise. There would be no party, engagement, or future Mrs. McCoy without Jim’s misguided interference.

The doctor had wandered into that bar, not by happenstance. The doctor had been set on exploring a long buried proclivity. He was immune to alcohol and wary of ample bosoms and parted thighs. Cupid, their pet name for Mr. Kirk, had scribbled her name on a napkin, warded off potentially addictive new friends, and steered McCoy to her door. One killer right hook and a knee to the groin was all it took to nudge his affections from infatuation to love.

Nyota Uhura was beautiful - full of fight and fury. Just the way McCoy liked them; that was the problem. In many ways she was a replica of his ex – wife Jocelyn; striking features, warm heart, intellectually stimulating, and ornately adorned in privilege. There were differences between the two women, qualities and traits that flowed deeper than the box they checked to categorize their familial history. Jocelyn had been happy to take everything he’d worked for instead of acquiring anything on her own. He blamed the perpetual silver spoon that protruded from her mouth. His future wife, Nyota, was not content with being the pretty face on a man’s arm. She refused to be reduced to lobbyist eye candy, it simply wasn’t enough to strategically align her cause with the most powerful men in the district, and obeisance to her and the interests she supported was required. McCoy admired her almost as much as he loved her. 

She also frightened him.

Immediately his eyes found her, surrounded by old hags begging for a moment to bask in Nyota’s glory on the newspaper’s Life and Style page. Not once did the glass of champagne in her hand shake as a tremor rolled through her body. She held the clutch in her other hand protectively, as the women pawed at her designer ensemble. He didn’t have to guess what the bag contained, a tampon, a tube of MAC Wind Me Up, and the bottle of pills she never left home without. Before she could be missed, Nyota would disappear into the ladies room and chase her nerves away.

Thanks to an interruption, the doctor had little time to concern himself with what his love did while she powdered her nose.

“How do you plan on showing your thanks Leonard Horatio McCoy?” The voice was low, deep, and sensual. It caused the hair on the back of the doctor’s neck to stand at attention when he spoke.

McCoy turned to meet a familiar pair of blue eyes, “Kiss my ass.”

“That could be arranged.” Jim stole two glasses of champagne from the tray of a passing waiter. “Maybe you should teach a class.” He handed a flute to McCoy.

The kid was irritating, polite, but worrisome. “What are you a waiter?”

Jim coughed out a laugh as a stubby digit plunged into the liquid housed in the fine crystal in search of the strawberry floating at the bottom.

“Don’t you have somewhere to be…souls to corrupt…pranks to play?”

Cerulean, his eyes were the color of the sea. Jim’s smile eased the tension spreading throughout the doctor’s body.

“You’re not still mad?” The juice from the berry, dribbled down the man’s chin as he spoke, “Fuck…this is better than winning the lottery.”

McCoy reared back, taking in the room, “So you like this, young Jim?”

“Hell no,” Jim snatched the still full glass from the doctor, fished out the fruit and swallowed the bubbly in a gulp, “Bunch of tight-ass aristocrats, putting on airs, kissing your downy white derriere, and talking shit as soon as they leave about how you couldn’t find a ‘nice’ girl to marry. Yet they go home and mommies numb their pain with prescription meds while their husbands pop the cherries of the little girls and boys from the country club.” His eyes went from amused to dark as he stared at McCoy’s face, “It’s a big fat lie. You can have it, this life is all yours.”

“Pleasure and self – destruction, the perfect poison.” McCoy watched as Jim’s mood shifted. “I read your little sugar daddy’s latest article, how’s the book coming, any good?”

“Sugar daddy, you’re funny, I might have to use that one, some time.” Jim now mirrored McCoy’s stance, foot crossed in front of the other ankle, arms folded, brows furrowed, and a wry grin playing at his lips. “Of course the book’s good; Spock’s a prolific writer, the voice of his generation.”

It was impossible to contain his laugh, “Idiot, it’s about you, right?”

“Some of me.”

Jim’s tone troubled McCoy, “What did he leave out Mr. Kirk?”

“The truth.”

***

George Person said it best, “One man’s truth is another man’s lies.”

The room that night, at the engagement celebration was filled with liars, McCoy included. He accepted his role, arm wrapped around Nyota’s waist, bourbon in his free hand, and he basked in the glory of their night. False smiles and phony congratulations, Jim had been right. If the doctor wanted his prize, this is the sacrifice that had to be made.

Six months later, the doctor held the same pose, as his oldest friend toasted the bride and groom on their wedding day. Carefully, he searched the crowd for the two faces tied to the fate of his marriage. They were there, one on the groom’s side the other on the bride’s. The battle lines were clearly drawn.

He danced with his wife for most of the night; those words made his spirit soar; only relinquishing control to his father – in law when a fitting Stevie Wonder tune tickled the crowd’s ears. 

Nyota was different in her father’s care, vulnerable and open. It was an unseen side of the fierce woman he’d met nearly a year before. She floated across the dance floor as her father guided their steps. There was no sign of nerves or stress. He hadn’t seen the pills in months; maybe what they had was enough for them both.

Together they could find peace.

“Be good to her.”

Though the two men had never exchanged words, he didn’t have to turn to greet the face of the man who had fought valiantly for her heart.

“I’ll give her just what she needs.”

McCoy walked proudly to the dance floor, tapped Mr. Uhura on the shoulder, and took his place with Nyota. With noses brushing and foreheads pressed together, husband and wife danced. Silent promises doomed to be broken were exchanged, but for a night perfect strangers became the city’s iconic couple.

Marriage was full of compromise.

Nyota could sway public opinion, law makers, and her husband alike. McCoy handed in his resignation when they returned from their honeymoon. He stood helpless as she wrote a check for the down payment on the building that would house his private practice.

The bottom floor of a brownstone where he could treat their peers, ignoring deep seated issues, and scribbling answers on a prescription pad; the cost was too high, but it kept her centered and their future ensured.

“Len, it’s for the best.” The words were a sugary, sweet attempt at reassurance, scattered between his labored thrusts. He swore the woman conducted all her negotiations amid silken sheets. Right now he’d give her the world, all she had to was ask as she scraped her nails down his back.

“I love you.” He managed between pants and he thought she would cry; a regretful look on her face as she wiped the sweat from his brow.

“You’re too good for me…I don’t deserve you.”

“Don’t you forget it.”

McCoy buried himself deeper in her warmth, set on driving out whatever was clouding her mood with the act of lovemaking.

It didn’t work.

The distinct sound of a pill bottle pulled him from sleep the following morning.

***

“Don’t move.”

Nyota peered over the pages of the book in her hands, glasses on the bridge of her nose, and an apprehensive look burdening her features.

“I want to remember this moment forever; the first time I walked through the door, returning from a business trip, to be greeted by my wife. I have, in this moment, become an adult.”

McCoy closed the gap between them and kissed her lips gently.

“Thanks for waiting up darlin’. You goddess. I missed you. Dammit, I’m whooped.”

She tried to smile, attempted to move, reassure her husband that she was equally enamored, and completely saddened by the seven days they had spent apart.

“I missed you too.”

Nyota whispered the words and smoothed the hair at his temples, fear lodged in his throat – something was wrong.

McCoy ignored his intuition, “What time is it?” He asked despite the fact he was well aware that only five minutes had passed since he glanced at the illuminated dashboard flashing 1:35 a.m., before exiting the car parked in the garage below their building.

“Almost two.” She avoided his open arms and walked into the kitchen. “Are you hungry?”

McCoy looked on somewhat helplessly as his wife of a few months busied herself with opening and closing the dishwasher, staring into the freezer, and any and every other task that maintained the distance between them.

“Not for food.” He moved forward and slipped his arms around her waist from behind, burying his face in her neck. “I’d rather show you how much you were missed.”

There was no response from Nyota when his erection pressed against the curve of her ass.

“Stop it Len, I’m not your on-call personal piece of pussy.”

Nyota slammed the cabinet closed, the sound echoed through the apartment, before she finally turned to face him.

McCoy grabbed her left ring finger, “With all due respect, I do not agree Mrs. McCoy. Two little words, I do, sealed that deal.”

“Go take a shower, you stink.”

He pressed her back against the counter and stole a kiss, “I’m sorry. Forgive me, I promise to never leave you alone again.”

She relaxed and gave in to the magic of his lips, fisting her hands in his sweater and pulling him closer. “You still stink.”

He could feel the smile in her kiss, “Duly noted my sexy and irresistible better half.”

Thirty minutes later McCoy emerged from the bedroom, hair still damp and a towel wrapped around his waist; a simple golden shoe box with white lettering in his hand.

“I come bearing gifts.”

He held his breath as she removed the lid and slipped the red bag from inside.

A sincere look of appreciation crossed her face, “You’re wonderful.”

“Don’t you ever forget it.” He poured a glass of bourbon before disappearing behind the bedroom door. Minutes later he returned, dressed in jeans and fighting with the buttons of the crisp white shirt he pulled on.

“Why are you dressed?” Nyota’s eyes were trained on the box as she absently fingered the heel of a shoe.

“Because I think you may be about to leave me and I didn’t want to be butt ass naked running down the street after my wife. Please don’t leave me.”

Fresh tears hung on the edge of her lashes as her voice shakes, “I’m sorry Len – you deserve…”

In mere seconds the doctor knelt before her, “I need you, fuck deserve, this! You are why I breathe.”

“Don’t do that. Don’t make this harder than it has to be.”

His grip tightened sure to bruise her delicate skin. “It’s him, the ass boy. Does he want a woman to peg and rim him now?”

“I love him.”

The admission rocked him to the core. He wanted to hurt her, squeeze the life from her, but that would only break his heart more, not open her eyes to the pain her actions had caused.

“You’re seeing him…”

The silence between them multiplied.

“Yes.”

She didn’t even have the good sense to deny it; to lie and ease the blow.

“Why did you marry me?”

Finally he was rewarded with eye contact.

“Don’t be an asshole Len, I loved you.”

The glass from his hand breezed past her head and shattered against the wall. “Fantastic way to show your fucking love Nyota.”

She took two steps back, “I’m sorry.”

“Damn right you’re sorry. Ungrateful…spoiled…bi…” He paused before the words could be spoken. “Don’t leave me. I understand you.” The unfamiliar sting of tears disarmed him. McCoy stood taller to mask the disappointment that had grown by leaps and bounds during their conversation.

“I know. Thank you for your kindness…your love. Stay here. This is your home.”

Her concession was unacceptable and meaningless, “I don’t give a flying fuck about the parting gifts. You did this bullshit the day we met; let me hang myself by the dick for your amusement. Why didn’t you tell me the second I walked in your front door?”

She moved closer, “I was scared.”

“Because you’re a coward, a spoiled self righteous bitch.”

That time he refused to hold back.

“Is he a good fuck? Do you come? Does he make you scream his name?”

“Stop it Len, let it go.”

“Answer the damn question, Nyota. Is he good?”

“Yes.”

“Better than me?”

“Different?”

“Better?”

“Gentler?”

“What does that mean?”

“You know what it means Leonard McCoy.”

He did know what it meant. The nights he took her body like she was a common street walker outnumbered the encounters of gentle intimacy. Of course Spock was different but it didn’t mean he loved her more.

McCoy grabbed Nyota’s face, “Don’t do this.” He knew he was beyond begging.

And it still wasn’t enough.