Sarah's First Day
byRobert_West1138©

Sarah paced back and forth across the grass on the outskirts of campus, watching as everyone milled about on the quad below. She smoothed down the front of her long, flowing skirt, before adjusting her glasses, and tucking a strand of her blonde hair behind her ear. Her nerves had been on edge all week. Hyacinth State University was definitely not her first choice. She had heard all the rumors, and even knew about the nickname the students had given it, "Humiliation State".

A light, early autumn breeze caused her to shiver, as she contemplated making her way towards the rest of the new arrivals. She didn't have long to think before the sound of footsteps behind her caused her to jump and spin around. She eyed the tall, dark haired woman, who stopped in her tracks, and began to chuckle at Sarah's high strung reaction.

"Calm down." said the tall, slender upperclassmen. "I come in peace. I just noticed you hanging out here by yourself, and thought I'd come say hi. I'm Candice."

At first, Sarah couldn't respond, still shocked. "H-hi." she finally stammered, staring at the grass next to her white tennis shoes. "I'm Sarah."

"Nice to meet you, Sarah." Candice replied, patting her on the shoulder. "Look, I know how nerve wracking your first day can be, but you have nothing to worry about. Everyone else is more worried about themselves than you. Besides, you're gonna have to meet them some time."

The upperclassmen's tone was kind, and reassuring, filling Sarah with a new calm. The freshman nodded, and followed as Candice slid an arm around her shoulders, and guided her toward the group of fresh faced students. "Hey everyone!" Candice said, drawing everyone's attention, and causing Sarah to shrink slightly. Sarah had never enjoyed attention in any form, let alone from this many people at once.

"This is Sarah!" Candice continued "I think we should give her a good old fashioned HSU welcome!" Before she could even take in what was happening, Sarah felt Candice's arm leave her shoulders. A split second later, she felt a breeze on her pale thighs, as her skirt was yanked to the ground. Frozen in shock and humiliation, she could only listen as the ripple of laughter made its way through the quad full of students. She watched in an embarrassed trance as they took out their phones, getting picture after picture of her standing there with her flat pink granny panties on display.

After the panic settled in, she threw her hands over her lower half, and bent over to pick her skirt up, only to find Candice's shoe holding it to the ground.

"Give me back my skirt!" Sarah shouted defiantly, not thinking about the fact that she was bending over, giving everyone behind her a fantastic shot of the panties stretched over her ample backside.

"I don't think so! I think you deserve a proper initiation!" Candice said, before grabbing the waistband of Sarah's underwear, and yanking upward hard enough to lift her off the ground. Candice kicked the skirt into the crowd, leaving the curvy young woman with nothing to cover her lower half. The panties dug in between her ass cheeks, leaving most of her butt exposed to her classmates' cameras, as well as causing Sarah to let out a yelp of pain. "Nice ass!" Candice said with a mocking smile. "Let's have some fun with it!"

With that, Candice held on to Sarah's panties, almost dragging her across the lawn to the nearby flagpole. None of her classmates even thought to help. They only documented her humiliation, laughing the entire time, knowing that speaking up could make them the next target.

Candice tied the back of Sarah's underwear up in the flag rope, and yanked upward, lifting her until she was forced to stand on her toes, her mostly uncovered ass on display for everyone. She struggled for a few seconds, but realized all she was doing was succeeding in shaking her butt for the growing crowd of onlookers.

"Alright!" shouted Candice, causing Sarah to wonder what more she could possibly have in mind. "I would say you know the drill, but a lot of you don't! Here's the deal, it's a dollar per spank!" This announcement sent a ripple of excitement through the crowd, and brought fearful goosebumps to Sarah's skin. "Today, the money we collect will be going toward... buying this girl a pair of adult panties." This line got a laugh from a lot of the audience, and caused Sarah to blush even deeper. "Who's up first?!"

It took a minute or two for the crowd to realize what was happening, but all at once three people stepped forward with cash. At this point, Sarah closed her eyes, unable to watch what was coming. She felt all of it through. She felt Candice take the money and stuff it down the front of her tightening panties. She felt the first person take three hard slaps at her ass, causing it to jiggle for the now cheering crowd.

Sarah's entire body turned crimson with embarrassment, as student after student stepped up to take their turn. The laughter and cheering rang in her ears, a new wave of it starting up every time she gave in and let out a shout of pain. By the time the ordeal was finished, her backside was sore, and even Candice had lost track of how much money was stuffed in the front of the humiliated freshman's underwear.

"Very nice job, everyone! The first hang and spank of the year was very successful. Now, it's time to decide Sarah's fate! Do we show mercy and let her down, or do we leave her here so nobody misses this beautiful sight?"

The crowd's answer was unanimous and malicious. Sarah was left to hang with no skirt, and her ass sticking out of her pink underwear, for what seemed like hours. Students filtered through, each new one making sure to get plenty of pictures before moving on. It took a long time for someone to take pity and let her down. Sarah didn't even see who it was. She could only run across campus, tears obscuring her vision, not even bothering to cover herself. Once she got back to her room, she angrily pulled the money from her panties, and tossed it on the bed, the afternoon's humiliation unable to stop playing over and over in her mind.

Somewhere in the anger and embarrassment, Sarah made a decision. She wasn't going to be prey anymore. In college, she would be a predator.
