This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Love My Brother (M-solo, F-solo, mf, Mf, MF, 1st, inc, nc, preg, reluc, rom)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I love my brother. I can admit it freely. You may judge me, but I know what is right in my heart.

My name is Beth. Let me tell you my story...

---

I was almost 17 when it started. I was in the change room at my school and heard some girls in the corner giggling, looking at something on the wall. When I got close I realized they were looking through a small hole, and on the other side was the boys' change room!

I hung back, deliberately dressing slowly until the lunch bell rang. Once everyone had left I knelt down and had my own look through the hole.

There, before me, was the first naked male body I had ever seen! The hole in the wall was small but it allowed me to see the side of the boy's toned midsection and his beautiful hard cock as he stroked it in the shower. I guessed that all of the other boys had left for lunch and he had stayed behind to whack off.

It was the first penis I had ever seen, and it was beautiful. Based on what I know now I realize it was a little above average in length, and not thick, but not thin either. It looked just right.

As I watched the boy stroke himself I felt an itching between my legs. I changed from kneeling to squatting and then snaked my hand under my skirt. I found that I was quite wet down there, watching this boy pleasure himself.

I moved the crotch of my panties aside and started to play with my clit. After a minute or so I pushed a couple of fingers inside my pussy a little. They went in easy; I had never been so wet before.

I imagined the boy's hard cock slipping into my wet, virginal depths, and I thrust my fingers inside myself in time with each of his strokes, mindful of my maidenhead.

I could feel my orgasm build. It was going to be big. The boy's hand started to move faster, faster...

White cream exploded from the tip of the boy's cock and I heard him grunt. I had already been fantasizing about that cock being inside me, and seeing it spurt like that made me wonder how it would feel for that gush of semen to splash my insides. I came hard on my fingers, gasping, almost losing my balance. I somehow managed to keep my eye lined up with the peephole, watching as smaller, weaker spurts of cum erupted from that cock.

Finally, both of us were spent. I had experienced the strongest orgasm of my young life, and I hadn't even seen my fantasy lover's face! I kept watching as the boy finished his shower and walked away from the peephole. His ass was tight, with no fat showing anywhere. 'Turn,' I broadcasted my thoughts at him. 'Turn!'

He toweled his hair dry and finally turned enough so I could see his face. I gasped. It was Avery, my big brother!

But you knew that already, didn't you? If the title of this story wasn't enough, the preamble should have made it pretty obvious. This is an incest story, and you're still reading, so you must be okay with it. Maybe you're even turned on? I know I am. I masturbate often, thinking of that day.

The day that I became obsessed with my brother and his magnificent cock.

---

I was confused by my feelings at the time. He was my brother! You're not supposed to want to have sex with family! But we love our family, right, and married couples love each other, and they have sex...?

I was pretty messed up.

That year was my brother's last in high school, and it was only a month before the summer break started. I waffled back and forth between guilt, shame, and lust, but didn't act on my feelings before he went off on summer vacation with friends, followed by his moving to college.

---

He sent emails and called on weekends. I was still masturbating almost every night thinking about his gorgeous body and hard cock.

Finally, a boy in school asked me out during our last year in high school and we dated for a bit. I only said yes because he kind of reminded me of my brother. After a few months I was ready. We parked in a secluded area and had sex.

It was awkward, with the lack of space in the back seat and making sure the condom was on right. His cock was actually kind of disappointing compared to Avery's, but I let him put it inside me. It hurt when my cherry popped but we managed to keep going. I didn't cum but he did, way too soon. All in all, it was nothing compared to the fantasy of my brother.

I broke up with him a few days later. He asked if it was because he wasn't good at "doing it" and I didn't say no.

---

Time passed. I didn't date anyone else. I graduated from high school and then it was Summer again.

And then fate, beautiful, wonderful fate, gave me my chance.

I was almost 18 and my parents informed me that they were going on vacation...without kids...in Hawaii! They had already discussed this with Avery and he was going to stay with me until they got back in 2 weeks.

I was filled with mixed emotions. On one hand I was disappointed to not be able to go to Hawaii...on top of that, my parents thought I couldn't take care of myself for 2 weeks?! But those feelings were overshadowed by my delight at being alone in the house with Avery for all that time!

---

When Avery arrived home I jumped into his arms.

"Avery!" I yelled, holding on tight, wrapping my arms and legs around him.

"Hey squirt," he said as he dropped his bags and gave me a warm hug.

I pulled back and pouted. "I'm not a squirt; I'm a grown woman now." I crossed my arms under my breasts, which were stretching out the front of my t-shirt.

He eyed my boobs for a moment, and then quickly looked away. "Guess you are," he murmured. "How are you, Beth?"

I smiled, having caught him scoping my newly grown rack. "Better now," I said mysteriously, and then skipped away.

---

I didn't really know how I would make my intentions known to Avery. He would glance at my shapely chest, butt, and legs in my t-shirt and shorts every once in a while as we prepared dinner. Would he make the first move if I kept showing off my goods? I didn't know. I never had to seduce anyone before. My ex-boyfriend had initiated everything.

---

We watched a romantic movie the first night (my idea), and I asked him to rub my neck because I lied and said I had pulled a muscle. As his strong hands worked my neck and shoulder muscles I could feel my nipples hardening. I moaned softly.

He worked on my neck until the movie ended, and then he stretched and said he was tired from the long drivefrom his college. We went to bed, separately.

---

I was frustrated, lying in my bed one room away from my sexy brother. I was usually able to masturbate thinking about that one and only time I had seen his cock, but with him so close it was no longer about fantasy; I wanted the reality!

Finally, I threw off the covers, donned a big t-shirt, and crept out into the hall. I could hear him softly snoring in his room. I quietly opened his door and padded to his bed. There was no change in his snoring pattern.

I then slipped between the sheets. If he woke up I would just tell him I had a bad dream and didn't want to sleep alone.

Carefully, I placed my palm on his chest and felt the definition of his muscles, toned through years of playing football in school, and now in college.

I let my hands slowly wander downward, making sure I stayed aware of his breathing. No change. My mouth had gone dry.

My hand brushed his penis, and then I deftly grasped it. It wasn't hard but it was warm. It jumped a little at my touch but his breathing didn't change.

I slowly, carefully, started to stroke my brother's penis. I could feel it start to harden almost immediately. I was amazed at how fast it filled up with blood, and soon I had in my hand that magnificent cock that I had fantasized about for over a year.

My pussy was throbbing. I could feel the moisture from it dampening my thighs. With my other hand I pulled my t-shirt up a bit and rubbed my clit with my finger.

It still wasn't good enough. I needed his cock to touch me...to touch me down there. I moved closer to him, my face in his neck, and directed the head of his cock to my clitoris.

It felt good. The warmth of his body and the fact that it was Avery's cock touching me in so intimate a place gave me the shivers. It felt good but it still wasn't enough.

I shifted up a little and then moved my hips forward. With a little work, I managed to nudge the head of my brother's cock between my pussy lips.

It felt wonderful. I needed more!

I started to rub my clit and roll my hips as I ran my other hand up and down his shaft. I managed to get a little more of his cock inside me. Unlike my first boyfriend, Avery's cock was a good size, and I could feel my vagina stretching around it as I managed to slip it inside me bit by bit.

This was becoming awkward and I didn't want to wake Avery, so I stopped rolling my hips and concentrated on the sensation of a couple inches of my brother's wonderful cock inside me as I stroked it and rubbed my clit. It felt GOOD!

Unbeknownst to me, though, Avery had whacked off before dropping off to sleep, which is why he was sleeping so soundly. There was still a little bit of semen remaining in his urethra. My stroking of his cock had slowly coaxed that dangerous liquid up his shaft, and now it started to drip out the tip, which was embedded a couple of inches inside my hot and ready vagina.

How could I know that, you ask? Well, aren't you the smarty pants? Shush.

I was really close now, and quickly rubbed my clit, faster, faster...

I came hard, gasping, thinking about the forbidden thing we were doing--*I* was doing. I did my best to keep quiet, but as my pussy throbbed around Avery's cock it was so pleasurable I almost cried out, right in my brother's face.

I was finally able to calm down, and then I realized that Avery was no longer snoring. I froze. Did I wake him up?

I waited, barely breathing. He didn't say anything. Was he awake? I continued to wait.

While I waited, the drops of my brother's sperm-filled semen that had been deposited inside me had time to soak in, and the small amount of incestuous seed moved inward, searching for the prize.

That might have been the one...maybe.

Finally Avery started breathing heavily again, signalling he was asleep. I waited another couple of minutes, experiencing nice orgasmic aftershocks due to how wonderful it felt to have his still-hard cock inside me, and then I pulled back.

Avery's cock slipped out of me and I felt empty. I knew I would try something like this again; I was hooked! I silently, carefully, left his bed and his room, and returned to mine.

---

The next day Avery got a call from his high school friend Jasper. I listened from the next room, though I could only hear my brother's half of the conversation:

"I'm fuckin' horny, man. Chelsea dumped me last month, and this morning I woke up with the biggest case of wood. Couldn't do anything about it because I had to make breakfast."

"Uh huh...no way?" "Where is it?" "Really?" "Sounds kinda shady."

Finally: "Okay, I'll try anything once. See you there at 1? Right...later, man."

He ducked his head into my room. By this point I was pretending to be reading a magazine so he wouldn't suspect I had overheard his phone call.

"Hey Beth, can you take care of yourself this afternoon? Gonna hang out with Jasper."

"Sure," I responded, seemingly uninterested. Where was he going, and was it something about sex? Oh my God, was he going to a whorehouse?

I had to follow him. There was no way I was going to let him go to a dirty place like that when I was more than willing to take care of his needs!

---

I put on a sundress I had recently bought that Avery wouldn't recognize, big sunglasses, and tied my hair back under one of Mom's hats. I managed to spot him a couple of blocks away and then followed at a distance. Wherever he was going, it was within walking distance.

After a few more blocks he entered a shop in a seedy party of town: the sign declared it as The Castle of Love. The racy ads in the window made it obvious that it was a sex shop. I kept an eye on Avery through the window as he and Jasper did that fist clasp and shoulder bump thing guys do when they greet each other.

They went to the back of the shop, chatting, and I couldn't see them very well anymore. I went in through the front door and immediately hid behind one of the shelves, making sure they couldn't see me while trying to look like I was shopping and not spying.

They paid the clerk and then he directed them to a door with a sword painted on the front. After they went in an older woman I hadn't noticed came up alongside me.

"Two going in. Want to join me?" she asked.

"Um," I said, confused.

She took my hand. "Come on, they're cute. Should be fun."

I followed the woman, who I guessed to be in her thirties, to the front counter. She dropped a twenty dollar bill on it and then both she and the clerk looked at me.

I fished a $20 out of my purse and dropped it down on top of hers. The clerk grabbed the bills and directed us to another door on the same wall, this one with a picture of a medieval shield on it.

The door opened to a hallway turning immediately right, and then another door. We went in. The room wasn't big, maybe 10' x 10', with a single dim light bulb hanging down, and it was empty except for a trash bin and a shelf with a box of tissues on it.

A bell sounded from the other side of the far wall and I noticed that wall actually had several small holes in it, at about waist height, and what appeared to be handles on either side of the holes. The other woman went to one of the holes and knelt down, so I did the same. With a feeling of dj vu from my high school changing room adventure I was just lining my eye up to see what was on the other side when something poked out through it!

It took me a moment to realize it was a hard penis and then I pulled back in surprise! It took me another moment to realize Avery and Jasper were in the next room, but the cock in front of me wasn't Avery's!

I looked over at my companion. She had grasped Avery's cock and was stroking it.

She looked back at me. "This is a niiice one," she whispered.

I was instantly filled with jealousy. "Can I..." I whispered, a little loud, "Can I switch with you?"

The woman paused, inspecting Avery's cock and looking over at Jasper's. She would definitely be trading down.

"Pleeease," I urged, "I know him."

The woman took pity on me, letting go of my brother's cock and standing up. "Okay, sweetie," she said, and then paused, "But if he's good for round two I get him, okay?"

I nodded. Round two?

We switched, just in time, as both boys started to thrust their cocks into the holes impatiently. I watched as the lady took Jasper's cock into her mouth, licking and sucking.

I knelt down and looked at Avery's beautiful cock, now that my eyes had adjusted to the dim light. This was the first time I had seen it since that fateful day over a year ago, since last night I had only been able to touch it in the dark. The base of his cock was hidden by the wall, but it was as fantastic as I remembered.

I put my lips to the head of his cock and kissed it. He stopped his impatient thrusting, waiting. I licked the head. I kept my eye on the lady sucking on Jasper's cock, since she seemed to know what she was doing. I followed her lead, putting the head of Avery's cock in my mouth and gave it a strong suck. I grasped his shaft with my hand and moved it forward and back, and then licked at the head some more.

His penis got a little bigger. I was turning him on! My stomach fluttered at that thought.

I had been distracted and didn't notice what my companion had done in the meantime. When I looked over again she was now facing away from the wall, her pussy embedded on Jasper's cock and her yoga pants and panties around her ankles as she used the handles on the wall to pull herself back onto her unseen lover's cock.

I realized that was why the boys had come in here: to have anonymous sex, not just get their dicks sucked.

I couldn't fuck Avery, here in front of this lady, could I? I watched as the woman gasped, her face in ecstasy as she slowed her movements, enjoying the feel of Jasper's cock slowly pushing back into her as she pulled on those handles. She whimpered as her butt finally pressed back flat against the wall, achieving maximum penetration.

My panties were soaked at the thought of having Avery's fantastic cock inside me again, except this time not limited to just a couple of inches. The sexual atmosphere in the room only spurred me on; my brain was not working right. I turned around, whipped off my panties, and raised the back of my sundress, lining up that magnificent hard prong with my wet vagina. It took a couple of tries but then his cockhead pierced between my pussy lips. It felt fantastic. With some additional adjustments I managed to get his cock further inside me, about 2 inches, just like the previous night. My pussy felt like it was on fire, in a good way. The feeling of my pussy being stretched by his cock was almost overwhelming.

It was awkward but then I remembered the handles on the wall. I reached back and pulled on them. Avery's cock went inside me another couple of inches. I gasped; it felt incredible!

Using the handles, I pushed away from the wall a little, and then pulled back. More of that wonderful cock entered my almost virginal pussy, deeper than my first boyfriend had been able to go, and there was still more! My mouth was open and smiling at the ecstasy I was feeling. Finally, Avery's magnificent cock was inside me! Deeper, deeper...

I pulled hard and my bottom thumped against the wall. I was stuffed full of incestuous cock, my legs shaking with pleasure. I had never felt this good without actually being in the throes of orgasm before. If it felt like this now, what would it feel like when I finally came?

I wanted to find out. I pushed and pulled, sliding my brother's hard cock into my wet pussy over and over. I could feel the beginnings of my orgasm deep within, small and distant, growing as I pushed back on that cock again and again.

Soon I was almost there...almost there...just a little more...I could feel Avery's cock seem to get bigger inside my pussy, but all I knew was that it felt good, so good...oh...yes...

I heard a muffled grunt, and then my brother's cock throbbed. The unexpected pulsing, wet feeling occurred so deep within my being that it set off my orgasm, and I started to cum HARD. I was so inexperienced with sex that I didn't realize that my unprotected pussy was being blasted full of potent, incestuous sperm, many of which had been wanting their chance to be inside my body since I had slipped some of Avery's cock into my pussy the previous night.

I dimly heard another grunt from the next room and the lady next to me started to orgasm as well, calling out, "Yeah! Cum for me, big boy!"

Now my fogged mind put two and two together and I dimly realized that Avery's cock was shooting dangerous seed deep inside my possibly fertile young womb, but I couldn't stop cumming. I cried out as another orgasm washed over me. My arms were locked in place, securing my pleasure-wracked body firmly against the wall so Avery's cum kept shooting as deep inside me as possible.

Finally, I could let go of the wall handles and dropped to the ground, shaking with aftershocks from the greatest orgasm of my life. As my brother's cock vacated my vagina a copious amount of his sperm spilled out of me onto the floor, but I knew far more of it had been shot deep within my reproductive system.

My companion came to check on me and noticed the puddle of cum. "Damn, girl, you trying to get pregnant?" She held out the filled and tied off condom resulting from her own coupling with Jasper and shook it. "If not, use one of these next time." Chuckling, she pulled her yoga pants back up and left on unsteady legs.

It took some time to get back on my feet as well, and by that time Avery and Jasper were long gone, thank goodness. I had used some of the tissues the store provided in the room to clean up, but it kept dribbling out. Finally I just stopped up my pussy with some tissues and hobbled home. I showered and tried to push out as much of Avery's cum out of my pussy as I could, but not much more came out.

That might have been the one.

---

Avery wasn't home when I got back. After my shower I did some Internet searching. Based on my period schedule I had not been safe at all for the last day or two. I would have to be careful. I resolved to just masturbate, and maaaybe slip into my brother's bed at night for some (I thought) safe penis play.

After dinner and some TV I went to bed. I was worn out from the powerful orgasm I had experienced earlier in the day, plus the exertion of using the wall handles in the sex store. I was in good shape, but you don't usually exercise those muscles at those angles.

I woke up to the sound of a female voice giggling in Avery's room. He'd brought a woman home!

I was going to confront him and then realized that that would be the worst thing to do. If he was going to get some then he would be angry at me for cockblocking him! If I didn't, though, he'd have sex with someone else! I was jealous and torn.

I kept listening. It got quiet. I knelt on my bed and moved my ear to the wall to hear better.

Gasps from her. Muffled "mm" sounds from him. That went on for a few minutes. I could feel my pussy getting wet. I started playing with my clit.

I heard her getting louder and then she cried out softly in orgasm. It was a minute later when I heard the bedsprings creak and then another gasp, this time from both of them. I was pretty sure he had just penetrated her.

Creak. Creak. Creeeeak. Creakcreakcreak.

Yes, he was definitely fucking her. I was jealous, but also turned on. I thought about Avery sliding his hard cock into me, and pushed 2 fingers into my now sopping pussy, matching the creaking sounds of my brother's bed with my self-penetration.

I knew what my brother's cock felt like in my pussy now; I didn't have to imagine it anymore. His cock had actually been inside me twice now, and he hadn't even known. That sent a mischievous thrill through me. That woman on the other side of the wall was only experiencing it for the first time; I had her beat!

Avery's bed was now bumping the far wall rhythmically so I didn't need to press my ear to the wall anymore. I lay back on my bed and imagined his wonderfully hard cock deeply penetrating me as I thrust my fingers faster and faster into my pussy. Yes, yes, Avery...it's so good!

I heard Avery grunt and his partner gasp, and then I reached my orgasm as well, flashing back to earlier in the day when I was cumming on his cock in the back room of the sex shop, imagining each throb of his penis as it shot his forbidden seed deep inside me. This orgasm wasn't as good as the one earlier, but it was nice.

After a bit I heard Avery's lady friend head to the bathroom, and then a few minutes later she left out the front door.

I lay there, wondering what to do. After a few minutes Avery started snoring softly.

I didn't risk trying to slip into his bed that night. I had had a full load of sperm shot inside my possibly fertile pussy earlier that day, and was scared of what that might mean. I let sleep overtake me once again.

---

The next day Avery said he would be hanging out with Danielle, an old school friend. Was that who he had fucked last night? I couldn't really ask.

I went out to a movie. It was a romantic comedy, and the lead guy was handsome, like my brother. I was very turned on by the end of it.

That night, while waiting for Avery to come home, I masturbated three times thinking about all those sexy things I had done in the last few days. I actually fell asleep afterward and didn't hear him come in. I woke up when I heard the front door close as Danielle left. Just like the previous night, I thought.

I waited (mostly) patiently for Avery to start snoring. He didn't. I waited longer. Still no snoring.

Finally, I threw on my shirt and went to his door. I still didn't hear snoring. I was really horny and frustrated by this point, and I was going to reclaim what was mine, and by that I mean Avery's cock. I quietly slipped into his room.

Avery was breathing heavily but not snoring. I slipped into his bed and reached for his cock. It was already hard!

I didn't know what that meant, but I was happy that I didn't have to coax Avery's dick to life. I raised my shirt, and then decided what the hell and took it right off. I would feel my brother's skin against mine tonight.

Unlike last time, I turned around so my back was to him and we were spooning. I reached down between my legs and brought the head of his magnificent cock to the entrance of my pussy, rolled my hips, and worked it in. The position and the lubrication from my orgasms earlier that night made it easier than the last time I was in his bed. I was able to get half of his cock inside me this time before it got awkward.

I lay there, enjoying the feel of his cock stretching me again as I played with my clit. After a minute or so of this his hand slipped up my hip and then cupped my right boob. I stopped moving. I was very near orgasm. My pussy was throbbing with need, and I couldn't move because I had to determine if Avery was awake or if this was just reflex.

His hand loosely groped my boob. I was so close...

His hips moved forward and his cock pushed into me a bit more. That, combined with the intimate new experience of having my boob squeezed, set me off. I almost lost control and cried out loudly as my pussy squeezed my brother's shaft, but instead I just gasped and grunted (mostly) quietly.

What I didn't know was that Avery and Danielle hadn't had sex that night. Her period had started while they were playing around in bed and then she had informed him that period sex was disgusting. When Avery had asked her to give him a blowjob instead she had left, leaving my frustrated big brother with a hard dick and no release. He had fallen asleep soon after, and the next thing he knew his penis was halfway inside a very warm and wet pussy.

Naturally, he assumed Danielle had come back and had had a change of heart. Also, he could tell they weren't using a condom, and obviously it was because she was on her period and couldn't get pregnant at that time of the month, right?

Avery twisted and sat up behind my butt, keeping his cock inside me as he knelt over my extended lower leg. I was so surprised I couldn't do anything but squeak!

I was still on my side. He pushed my upper leg up and then started thrusting.

This position was unknown to me. I've since learned it's called "The Pretzel." All I knew at the time was that it felt incredible.

I realized then that with everything that had happened in the last few days that I had never had all of Avery's cock inside me. Even in the sex shop that last inch or so was denied to me by the width of the wall separating us. Also, with the frustrating experience with Danielle earlier, his unfulfilled cock was harder than it had ever been. It touched a part of my body so deep that no one would ever be able to again. I felt full...I felt complete. I quickly came again, gasping.

After a few more minutes he shifted my upper leg to the side so I was on my back and we were in a more traditional missionary position. And then he started to kiss me.

This was amazing! He was a great kisser, as I knew he would be. I kissed him back fervently. He continued to fuck me. It felt incredible.

After a few more minutes I came again. I was gasping into his mouth as we continued to kiss. I kept cumming. He squeezed my breasts and it felt wonderful. I kept cumming.

Finally, my orgasms subsided and the dim realization that I was being fucked unprotected in the middle of my cycle percolated in my cum-addled mind. What could I do to stop him, though? He must have thought I was Danielle, who was probably on the pill or something for him to be fucking her unprotected. If I spoke he would know it was me and not her, and then the shit would really hit the fan!

There was nothing I could do to stop him without revealing myself; nothing. I was afraid, but in love. I trusted my brother...he wouldn't hurt me...he would protect me.

Avery sped up his thrusting. Despite the danger I could feel another orgasm blossoming deep within my body. I couldn't stop this, so I figured I may as well enjoy it. I crossed my legs behind his butt and pulled him deeper into me, kissing him passionately again. He kissed me back, his tongue snaking into my mouth.

My brother wanted me! I knew he did. By now he had touched my body all over and he obviously enjoyed it...I was going to make him cum!

Avery stopped thrusting and ground his crotch into mine. His cock got harder, and the grinding sensation stimulated my clit. I came hard, harder than anything previous, gasping into my brother's mouth as we continued to kiss.

And then I felt his release, so very deep within me. The warm throbbing sensation that I had felt in the sex store's back room was happening again. Avery's potent cum was shooting into the depths of my pussy, some of it sliding through my cervix as it spasmed open and closed in time with my orgasmic throes. My orgasm rose like a tidal wave, overwhelming me like an epileptic fit, and I shook under his body as we became one.

Finally, it was over and Avery collapsed on top of me. I continued to experience orgasmic aftershocks for several minutes, my reproductive system pulling more of my brother's seed into my womb.

And then Avery started to snore.

I lay there, Avery's still-hard cock embedded in me. He was so heavy...I couldn't get him off! Heh...I meant off of me...obviously I could get him OFF. I was rather proud of that fact, and that his cock had been inside me three times now, and stupid Danielle only twice (only once, really, but I didn't know it at the time).

At some point I fell asleep. Avery's sperm pooled at the back of my vagina, soaking in to my depths.

I think that was the one.

---

I asked my mother one time how she had known when she was "with child". She had said that she just knew; there was a fluttering feeling deep inside her belly, or a flushing heat...it was hard for her to describe it to me.

I awoke with that feeling. Mom had been right; it was hard to describe, but I knew...

"I'm pregnant," I said, opening my eyes, a warm calmness washing over me.

Avery raised his head and his eyes flew open, looking right into mine. We hadn't moved since our coupling last night, and now it was morning -- sunny, bright morning, where the cloak of night could no longer hide me.

"BETH?!" He rolled to the side, off of me, realizing that he had been between my legs, and then realizing that both of us were naked. And then he noticed the puddle of dampness that had formed under my butt.

"Oh my God...oh my God!" he muttered as he sat there. He tried to cover my nakedness with his blanket but I threw it off.

I looked into his eyes again. "No regrets," I said, "I've wanted this for over a year now."

"What--? What!?" he was freaking out. I leaned forward and kissed him.

He was initially hesitant but I brought my body closer to his and held his chin as I continued to kiss him. Finally he settled down.

And then I told him everything: the change room, my first time, and then this summer's antics: my first nightly visit, the sex store, and then last night. He listened, still a bit freaked out, but fascinated.

He looked at me. "Did...did you say you were pregnant?"

I looked over at his cock, now hard as a rock. "Maybe..." I lied. "Another load might do it." I then straddled his lap and started to run the head of his cock between my wet pussy lips.

"Beth..." he warned.

"No," I said firmly, "Look at your hard cock. You're obviously turned on by me and what we've done. We're going to make love now." And then I sank down on his prick.

Avery groaned as a couple of inches went inside me. He watched me with awe as I pulled up a little and concentrated on getting his magnificent babymaker inside my young, lithe body. He watched my face, my breasts, my hips and crotch, as I sank down, down. After a few more attempts I had his cock all the way inside me. Both of us groaned at the pleasure of it.

I was in charge. I teased him by moving my hips in a circular pattern. I took his hands and put them on my breasts. He kneaded the nipples and I started to bounce on his lap.

I kept my eyes on his as we made love. In them could see the desire, the love of my brother and lover. I leaned forward and we kissed.

I could feel his penis getting harder. The perversity of what we were doing was obviously a big turn-on for him, and he wasn't going to last much longer.

It was perfect. I had all of his fantastic cock inside me, and I could see all of him. He knew it was me this time, and he loved it. I was finally claiming him as mine and he was a willing participant.

I raised up again, grinding my crotch against his. "Put your baby in me," I urged.

"Ohhh FUUUUCKKK!!" He cried out, grabbing my hips and pulling them down as he thrust his pelvis up for maximum penetration.

As I felt his cock throb within me I came again. It wasn't an overwhelming orgasm like the previous times he had cum inside me, as I had been afraid and confused at those times. Instead it was a wonderful, rolling orgasm that spread from my womb outward, leaving a tingling feeling in my nipples after it had finished.

I kissed him again, and he kissed me back.

That wasn't the one, but I like to think it was.

---

By the time Mom and Dad came back Avery and I had been fucking like rabbits for over a week. Our parents noticed that there was a difference in our relationship but we explained that we had had some personality conflicts early on, and then we had a heart-to-heart talk that had allowed us to come to an understanding.

We also told them I would be moving in with Avery after the summer. He would be getting an off-campus apartment and I would get a job out there.

In reality, Avery would get a job to support his new wife and child. Nobody out there knew me, so introducing me as his wife instead of sister would work, especially since I had the same last name!

When Mom and Dad would inevitably find out about the baby I would explain it as a one night stand and absentee father, and that Avery had stepped in as a surrogate Dad, and was happy to do so.

It was as I told you: my brother would protect me.

I love my brother. I can admit it freely. You may judge me, but I know what is right in my heart.

My name is Beth. Thank you for reading my story.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)
