When did you start being an exhibitionist?

A little quiet here.

First, I really like that picture. I love rollerblading and have
done it in my bikini but never a skirt or is that just a shirt.

I have a question for the group. Everyone here is pretty much an
exhibitionist but what about when you were young like in middle
school or high school?

I grew up near the beach so always seemed to be wearing the
minimal. I spent half my life in bikinis and shorts in the summer
time and never though twice about it. I know my mom got on my case
sometimes but she was let me wear pretty much what I wanted. I know
I use to wear some ridiculously short skirts and had a couple of
shorts that left my cheeks hanging out. When I'd come home my
jeans would come off and I'd spend the rest of the evening in
just a T shirt and knickers. I guess I was always a bit of an
exhibitionist even though I didn't think about it back them.

I got talking to my roommate earlier and she had a pretty strict
upbringing by comparison. I grew up in a loving family but looking
back I'm pretty surprise at what my mom let me get away with.

What about you girls? Any interesting stories growing up? Ever get
punished by your parents or sent home from school for wearing
something too reveling?

Carrie



Carrie In response to your message it seems like my teen years
were kinda like yours. i grew up in a relaay open minded family and
it wasnt really a big thing to see my mom or brother and sis to be
walking to the bathroon nude nobody ever really thought much about
it. i gues i started enjoying showing off what i had (not much) when
i was about 12 after i got my period id wear like really tight tops
and short skirts so you could just begin to see my little butt. my
mom wouldnt buy me thongs so i rolled my knickers up. when my boobs
got bigger as soon as school was out id take my bra off when we hung
out after school, this caused a lot of attention with the boys
especially when i had short shorts on or a short skirt. after a year
or so of doing that i got braver and started to either not wear
knickers tio school or just take them off when i left home. then i
would make it a point to kneel or bend over or open my legs so the
guys could get a shot of my pussy. god, that got me so hot sometimes
that i had to go in the restroom and rub myself. after that i
discovered that i liked girls as much as boys which made me do even
crazier stull. well thats enough for now anyway. so now you know a
little about me anyway 
Marcy


I remember pretty much exactly. I was 16 and getting dressed after
P.E. and by the time I noticed my knickers, bra and socks had fallen
off the bench onto the wet floor it was too late. They were soaked
and it would have been MORE noticeable to wear them. That is the
first time I went with out in public. I had worn a skirt and tennis
shirt that day and was lucky the skirt wasn't too short nor the shirt
too thin - but I felt as if I was on adreneline anyway. I was quite
obviously aroused as I was feeling moist "down there" and my
hardening nipples were pretty noticeable. By the time I walked home
that day I couldn't wait to take care of myself.
So, that was the start. After that I didn't go to school twithout too
often - except when I was REALLY horny but quite often would dress
without underwear and in something more revealing to go out for a walk
to the beach or the mall. Now I'm always like that!!! 
k.b.


I started when I was about 13. I used to get on old BBS's and read
stories. One night I decided to be a little daring. Everybody was
in bed. I snuck out the back door into our back yard which is
surrounded by a privacy fence. I took off my pajamas and wandered
around the yard in my bra and knickers. It felt so liberating. I
become hooked on doing this and getting more and more daring over
the next few years. By the time I was 16, I was going out late at
night, stripping completely and seeing how far from the house I was
willing to go. I got as far as the corner of our street, which
meets a major road. I hid behind a KFC and just watched people
sitting at the red light in their cars. It was so exciting I almost
orgasmed without even touching myself!!!


Hi carrie, my mum tells me when i was 2 and 3 years old i used to
love to drop my diapers or underpants on the ground and run around
naked, especially outside. lol, "used to"?

once i was in a treehouse with a boy from the neighborhood. we were
both about 8 but he had no sisters and even his parents never taught
him there is an anatomical difference between boys and girls. i
must've found that appalling because at my suggestion we took off our
pants and underwear and examined each other. lol. it was also the
first erection i ever saw myself cause, and that got me hooked. lol

i noticed guys like to look up skirts too and i didn't feel disgusted
by it, i thought it was just part of the fun of being a girl. i had
thoughts of being a teenage sex goddess because at ballet class i
used to fantasize about growing up as a prima ballerina who performs
in the nude, lol. but a sprained knee at 14 made me drop ballet. some
years later i did a nude photo shoot doing barre exercises, it was
very beautiful and erotic.

i was a freshman cheerleader at high school because i knew guys
fantasized about cheerleaders and it was fun to do stuff where we
weren't supposed to keep our skirts down, lol. but i didn't like the
social expectations that people put on cheerleaders, like your
supposed to date the jocks only. i'll date who i like thank you very
much. but i used to fantasize about cheerleading with no knickers. lol

when i went away to art school i got an on campus job as a model for
the life drawing class, later the painting and sculpting classes. it
was my first experience at being totally naked in front of a group of
people instead of just one or two guys. ;) yes i loved it! i loved
knowing that so many of my fellow students saw me naked! it seemed
like i had power. a few months later i started working as a stripper
so i could explore my erotic fantasies some more.

i'm lucky to have parents who have healthy attitudes about sex and
their daughter's sexuality. i'm not the first in the family to do
some of what i've done, my grandmother inherited some money from her
grandfather who made money in furs in canada, so she sailed from
montreal to paris in the late 30s to explore opportunities to study
art. she did some private tutelage first and soon had an affair with
one painter and modeled nude for him. then broke off with him and
took up with another. but nazi germany was rumbling next door and
finally she left when it was getting too scary to stay just before
the war broke out. but i didn't know about my grandmother's
adventures until after i'd done my own modeling and dancing. lol must
be in our genes.

emily


