Hi, My name is Darmok and I have been a long time fan of ISS and thought it about time to share my sex experiences. I am in my early twenties and the incident happened a few years ago. This is the story of how I got to fuck my aunt. Let me tell you a little about her. She is in her late 40's, very simple-minded, around 5&#8242; 1&#8243; , chubby, with large hanging boobs. Her husband has been ill for a very long time and they never had children as a result of this.

The fact that she never got to bore any kids was always upsetting for her and her family and associates always talked about this, and she knew so as well. One day, when I was at home, I heard the door bell ring, and looking through the front room window I saw that it was my aunt. No one else was at home and I was deciding whether or not to even bother opening the door to her. But, I thought it best to do so and so I opened the door and greeted her.

"Salam auntie"

"Salaam. Bala aso ni? Tumar maa asoini ghoror? (How are you? Is your mom at home?"

"Jeena. Aiyoka bithre. Saa kheye jaba. Amaa aiba ada gontar bithre (Come in and have some tea, mom will be home in about 30 mins)

My aunt thought about it and said yes.

I quickly made some tea and sat down near my aunt. We chatted about her husband and his illnesses, the amount of times he has to go to the doctors and I kind of felt sorry for her. A tv program me on raising children came on and I could see a sadness creep across her face. It was a moment of madness, but reacting to her sadness I said: "Auntie, if you could somehow have children, would you take it". She looked at me and said: "Son, if there was anyway, I would, but your uncle is not well and he is unable to..." She broke off what she was saying. I told her that i understand, but that I would also be willing to help.

"what kind of help"? She asked.

"I could give you children"

"You could? How?"

"There is a way auntie. I just want to help. I know that it must be difficult for you, and I won't say it to anyone...I promise".

At that moment I think my aunt understood what I was implying. She knew it was wrong and so did I, but as I thought about it I started looking at her body. I couldn't see her shape as she was wearing a shlwar kameez that was 2 sizes too big, but I could see that she had large breasts and I started to feel a slight throb in my penis.

"Auntie, whenever you're free just let me know and i'll come around. I'll just go in and that's it. No other business, ok?"

She hesitated, but said: "Ok, I'll call you. Give me your mobile number." I scribbled it down on a piece of paper and handed it to her. At that moment I heard the front door bell sound. It was good timing as I knew the air was filled with sexual tension. I went and opened the door to see my parents. "Mom, aunty is here, I gave her tea."

"What a good boy you are." Mom said. I left my parents and my aunt and headed upstairs to my bedroom where I started to think of the conversation I had had with my aunt. I wondered whether she would call. But more than that I wondered if she would say something to my parents! I was in tension the whole time while my aunt was there wondering what was being said.

I knew my aunt was quite simple-minded and maybe she had inadvertently blurted out what i had said to her. I waited. A few hours later I ventured downstairs to the living room. My aunt had gone! Mom sat chatting to dad and seemed nonplussed that I was there. "There's food in the kitchen. Chicken aloo and a daal." I breathed a sigh of relief, mom was not the kind of person to keep anything in, especially her anger. So, my aunt hadn't said anything. Good, i thought.

The next day I woke up to my mobile phone ringing. It was ten o'clock in the morning, but as I was on holiday, I was sleeping late. I answered the phone, half asleep: "hello?"

"Salaam, it's your auntie. Can you come around now? Your uncle has gone to the hospital for a check up and won't be back before 1pm."

"Ok auntie, I'll be there". I jumped out of bed, barely believing what i had just heard. I didn't even know how I had kept my cool when I replied to my aunt. I showered, got dressed, bid farewell to my dad, to whom I told I was going to the library to study. Got into my car and sped off to my aunt's apartment.

I drove up to her building, parked up and went to the main gate. I punched in her apartment number. It rang, and I waited. No-one answered. I was by now, thinking of some extremely dirty thoughts about my aunt and was becoming distraught that she hadn't answered. Maybe she's changed her mind? Damn. I turned away to walk back to the car, when I thought I would try one more time. I buzzed in again.

"Hello?" My aunt had answered!

"Auntie, It's me."

"Come in." I heard the front gate lock unlock and I swung it open. I walked up a flight of steps and came to my aunt's door. I was about to knock on the door, but she had opened it. "Aiyo" (come)

I went inside the apartment and went to the living room. My aunt was wearing a neutral coloured saree and I glanced at her bare midriff. It was bulging out in front and I was getting more and more excited by the second.

"do you want a drink or tea?" She asked.

" No auntie, I have to get home soon, so let's get this done as quickly as possible". In my head I just wanted to start fucking her as soon as possible!

"Where should we do it?" She asked.

"Mmmh, probably best in the bedroom." She said ok and led the way to her bedroom.

"Auntie, it may take more than once for it to work. Because of your age, we may have to do it more than once." I knew that she a little or no sex education as she had been bought up in a village and it was taboo to talk about such things anyway. And she was not the academic type, where she would go and get answers for herself.

"ok, as long as it works. So, what do we do now?" she replied.

"If you take off your saree and just lie on the bed please." She horridlu took off her saree and sat on the edge of the bed. Her heavy cleavage was showing and I just stared at it. She noticed that I was staring at her breasts and grabbed the quilt and covered herself with it.

"I don't feel right about this. I feel a bit ashamed." She said, not looking at me.

"Don't worry, It'll be very quick. If you just lie down, I'll do the rest." She did as I asked. Her legs were still dangling over the side of the bed. I slowly lifted her petticoat up to her knees and spread her legs slightly. At this she covered her face with the quilt. I spread her chunky legs even more and took her petticoat all the way up to her vagina. She wasn't wearing any knickers! I knelt down between her legs and looked at her hairy vagina. I could smell a deep musk coming from her pussy. I wanted to lick it so bad!

"err, auntie, you're going to feel something now. Don't worry, it's the best way to get pregnant."

"Ok", she replied.

I took my face closer and closer to her vagina and finally went in with my tongue. I felt her wince as my tongue lapped up her pussy lips. I could feel and taste her pussy starting to juice up. I found her clit with my tongue and flicked it . She shuddered and held the quilt tightly to her face. I gave her good oral sex, but I was dying to fuck her! I got up and undid my jeans and took down my boxers. I looked down and saw my aunt's legs spread out wide on the edge of the bed and the rest of her hidden under the quilt. I wanted to see her tits.

"Auntie, you're ready now, but I need a bit of help." She uncovered her face and looked at me.

"What kind of help?" She asked.

"Well, I need to go fully erect and I can't do that on my own. Can you show me your breasts. It'll help."

"Oh, do what you need to and hurry up. Your uncle is going to come home soon!" And she covered her face again with the quilt.

I uncovered her up to her shoulders and undid her blouse from the front. Her bra was in the way and I didn't want her to get up and undo them as i thought maybe she'll want me to stop. So I pulled her bra cups down and her tits flowed out. She had large dark nipples and very floppy tits. I touched one with my hand and she mumbled something. Fearing she was going to stop it, I thrust my cock deep inside her pussy. She gasped aloud at this. I grabbed her right tit and squeezed it hard. I was fucking my aunt! I bent down and took her left nipple into my mouth and sucked hard on it. She was moaning now and I could feel her legs starting to squirm as I fucked her deep and hard.

I touched her body roughly, feeling her chunky body and when I could take no more I ejaculated inside her. I grunted loudly as I came and I could feel her body shuddering under me. Had she come too? I lay on top of her, tired out from the fuck and my head spinning becuse of the orgasm. I finally got off her and stood back. I looked and saw that she did indeed come as there was a host of juice on her pussy and inner thighs.

I dashed into the bathroom and washed up. When I came out i saw that she had also washed up and was now wearing a "mexxy-dress", one of those long overflowing one piece dresses that one wore for comfort. It hid everything underneath. But that didn't matter. I had seen it all.

She asked me if it will take long for her to become pregnant and how many times do we have to do it? From this I deduced that she wanted more. Getting pregnant was not the only thing on her mind now. I told her that I will come and help her get pregnant for a long as it took. I was hoping she wouldn't so that I could fuck her as many times as I wanted.

We sat and watched tv for a while, saying nothing to each other. The phone rang and she rushed up to get it. Probably glad that the awkward silence had been broken. It was my uncle and from what she was saying I deduced that he was going to his friends house on the way back from the hospital and would be there for a while. I immediately started feeling a throbbing again in my penis. I wanted to fuck her again!

My aunt turned toward me and confirmed my deductions. My uncle wouldn't be home in a while. She asked if I wanted tea and I said yes. She went to the kitchen and I could hear her switch on the kettle. I decided that I wanted to fuck her now, so I got up and went to the kitchen.

Her back was towards me and I could sense that this was deliberate. She felt ashamed that we had did what we had did, but was probably feeling more ashamed that she enjoyed it. I knew that my no good uncle had never fucked her the way I did. I went closer to her until my semi erect penis was touching her butt. She carried on making tea, while I lifted up her mexxy dress slowly. I saw her butt for the first time.

It was large, but strong. I dropped my pants and rubbed my cock on her butt crease. I reached under her mexxy and held both her tits and started to massage them. She stopped what she was doing and put her hands palm down on the work table top and started to breathe deeply. "Haraideo abar." (Put it in again) she said muffled as she buried her face into her shoulder. At this my cock stiffened even more! I bent her forward and said to her: "Fau sorrau" (spread your legs) She did as I asked and I touched the opening of my auntie's cunt with the head of my cock.

I grabbed both sides of her thighs and guided my cock into cunt. She moaned out and immediately stifled her cry. I pushed in as far as I would go, feeling her insides caressing my cock. I thrust in and out, each time harder and harder. I wanted my cock sucked now, so I took my cock out of her, spun her around so that she was facing me and forced her to her knees. She looked to be in a confused state, not knowing what was happening and I took advantage of this.

"Mookor bithre dyow." I ordered her. She was unsure of what to do, so I grabbed the back of her head and told her to open her mouth. As she did I forced my cock into her mouth, almost making her gag. She had her eyes forced shut and I quickly figured that she didn't know what to do. So i grabbed her wrists and pulled her up, roughly turning her so her back was towards me. I bent her over again and she instinctively spread her legs. But this time I wanted to fuck her ass hole. I spread her butt and spat on her hole. I told her to breathe in deeply; as

I heard her breathe deep I knew her butt-hole would relax and I forced my cock in. She yelled out, but I held her down, her ass-hole was so tight! I fucked her ass like there was no tomorrow. My aunt was moaning sharply as I came deep inside her once again. I stayed inside for another minute, trying to calm down from what we had just done. I slowly pulled out and dropped her dress around her. She didn't look at me, but walked quickly to her bedroom and closed the door. I pulled up my pants, grabbed my belongings and walked out the apartment.

I couldn't believe that I had fucked my aunt...twice! I walked to my car, opened it and sat inside. I thought i would just gather my thoughts before i headed off home. I switched the engine on when i heard my mobile ringing, I answered and was shocked to hear my auntie's voice. What shocked me even more is when she asked me when will I come back to help her again! If you are a mature lady and like the above story, then email me at darmok1701@hotmail.com