This is my first story feedback is much appreciated. 
Email: dianevanhoogendijk@gmail.com


Lisa was an attractive brunette, 34 years old, curvy, but she didn't show it off, dressed in dark blue sweatpants and a matching hoodie from Adidas. She enjoyed dressing casually, to not be noticed. She preferred watching over being watched.

At the moment she was dozing off in the park, daydreaming, as always when watching people and wondering about their lives, if they had friends and family, if they'd be missed, should something happen to them. Her mind kept wandering.

 "Would I be missed, or would people be glad to get rid of me?"

She had been preoccupied with life choices lately. Even at 34 she felt she still hadn't made some very important ones of her own. What did she want out of life?

Late afternoon almost came as a surprise. All of a sudden, people were gone or heading home. She knew she should leave too, but she wanted to find somebody who was heading in her direction. Looking around, she caught a petite blonde, early 20's, dressed in a white summer dress and big, thick black glasses, leaving the park.

Lisa recognized this one. It was the girl running the ice cream stand. She always looked so sad and lonely, as if there was nobody else there for her, as if she was all alone in life. Lisa was filled with sympathy, although she couldn't even begin to imagine what such loneliness would be like.

As somebody who'd always had a loving family and a huge circle of friends who cared for her, she was finding it difficult even getting a minute to herself. The park visits were her only moments of solitude, alone without anybody knowing what she what she was up to.

The ice cream girl was walking away and Lisa decided to follow. It was getting darker, making Lisa look over her shoulders in nervousness to make sure nobody else was near. She knew she was being paranoid, but she couldn't shake the feeling of being watched. She increased her pace, making sure she could still see the ice cream girl in front. Just a little bit longer, she thought, and then she'd be safe.

She pulled her hoodie over her head and nervously fingered the gun in her handbag. It made her feel more relaxed and calm, knowing that if worst came to worse, she had protection.

She was almost home now, and she sped up, passing by just as ice cream girl started to head off in her own direction, to her own house. But Lisa's curiosity got got the better of her. She decided to keep up this game, to follow for a little bit longer, just to see if the two of them were as lonely as she imagined them to be.

Now, the other girl started showing signs of unease, as Lisa was obviously walking just behind for no justifiable reason. The ice cream girl started walking faster, but Lisa made sure to keep up the pace. It was clear that the girl was growing more and more uncomfortable in the dark, eager to get home. Lisa took two long strides, putting her right next to the sad, confused, luckless creature, who didn't appear to have the courage to question what was going on.

A quick glance told Lisa that the girl was looking back in fear and uncertainty, and Lisa found herself enjoying the feeling. This was exciting. This was beyond exciting. This was thrilling.

She subconsciously let a hand slip inside her pants and brush against her panties before starting to pull her undies up. The girl tried to look away blushing as Lisa pulled her undies up higher and higher until they were sitting right below her belly button. She stroked her tummy before slowly letting the hoodie fall back down again to cover her underwear. The girl made a new attempt to move her feet faster, trying to shake off Lisa. There was no doubt anymore that the followed was uncomfortable with the follower's presence.

But Lisa didn't care. This had become a game to her now, to see how far she could take things.

The girl reached the front door of her apartment building and quickly opened it. This should really mean time to quit and head home for Lisa, and she knew this, but everything was just too exciting. She had to take it a little bit further. She followed, without a plan, through the door while she reasoned to herself. What could the girl possibly do about things? There was no way for her to stop this without help. And there was no help...

At least, the girl-prey worked up her courage enough to turn to speak, her voice trembling with paralyzing adrenaline.

 "Hey, I don't believe we've met before. Are you new here?"

 "No I'm just visiting a friend."

It was an obvious lie. They both knew Lisa was there for this hunt, and somehow sharing that knowledge just made it more exciting. The girl looked increasingly uncomfortable but said nothing, and instead she tried walking over to the elevator to press the up-button.

They both got on the elevator, and the silence was tense. Neither one of them wanted to be first to chose a floor.

Lisa started to slowly pull her pants down, sagging them lower and lower till they were resting on half her butt and her white undies were showing beneath her hoodie. This girl probably just wants to get home, eat her dinner and maybe watch some tv in peace, Lisa thought.

Everything was exciting. Lisa was turned on, trickling juices, as she watched the helpless thing next to her being stalked as a little mouse, unable to do anything about it. Lisa pulled her pants down even lower until they were sitting right below her butt.

 "What floor are you going to," the girl asked nervously, trying not to look at Lisa who was blatantly staring back now.

 "Same as you."

Lisa was getting so aroused she decided to slowly pull her hoodie up, revealing a small but very noticeable wet spot on the crotch of her white undies. This was so wrong, yet so exciting. Lisa knew she'd gone too far and yet all she wanted to do was push it further, to see how far she could go, how much she could get away with.

The girl made a move to leave the elevator in terror but was blocked by a man entering, listening to music, engrossed in his phone. Completely oblivious to what was going on, he pressed the top floor button. Before the girl could say anything Lisa quickly walked up to her and whispered in her ear.

 "Sssh don't do anything stupid or I will kill him and then you."

Lisa wasn't even thinking anymore. She was in a trance, almost unaware of her actions or what she was saying. This was so unlike her, so crazy and yet all she wanted was to prolong this little foreplay. Nothing else mattered now. She couldn't lose the girl now that she'd come this far.

The girl had frozen in shock, unable to process the threat she had just received. Lisa took a frightened, weak, feminine hand into her own, gently guiding them both into her handbag to stroke her gun, reinforcing what she had just said. The girl started to sob quietly.

Now, Lisa took the woman's hand out of her handbag and gently rubbed the frightened fingers against her now soaking crotch. It was so wrong and yet all the reasons why she shouldn't be doing it were the same reasons why she should; the unwilling hand on her panty covered crotch felt so good, like nothing she'd ever experienced before.

The man got out of the elevator, leaving just Lisa and the poor little ice cream girl. Lisa knew she'd gone too far already, knew she should go home to hide, to never show herself again, staying out of real trouble for the rest of her life. Yet looking at the girl sobbing quietly, tears running down her cheek, made Lisa unable to tear herself away.

Instead, she took things further, bringing the girl's hand inside the panties.

 "Sssh it's okay, it's okay," Lisa whispered into an ear.

Her words came out soothing but with no mistaking her unrelenting, forceful arousal. She kept nudging the fear-trembling hand down into the soaking crotch, letting the paralyzed fingers brush against her own wet pubic hair. She let out a quiet moan. It felt so good! Lisa knew now she couldn't be done yet. She had to take it a little bit further...

PART2
Standing inside the ice cream girl's living room was a sobering experience to Lisa, as if she had finally been awoken from whatever had taken over her mind and made her act so impulsive and crazy. The minute they had stepped inside, all confidence and lust had somehow disappeared, and reality had come crashing down like a ton of bricks.

Lisa had never considered herself wild or crazy before, and she'd never broken the law, never done drugs, never cheated on her taxes, never even jaywalked. She was a good girl, the most law abiding, safe, borderline boring person she knew. So where had this come from? And what was she going to do about it now? She couldn't keep pacing the floor forever...

She kept returning to wondering just what had made her act so completely out of character. Maybe it was the girls eyes. Those scared, weak eyes that let everyone knew this person was utterly defenseless and unable to fight back. It didn't hurt that Lisa found the girl quite attractive either, of course, but it was more than that. Lisa had felt convinced, more and more reassured as the evening progressed, that the girl was just there for the taking, to do whatever you liked, free of any consequences for you, and that helpless thing just had to accept it and surrender herself completely.

And now she had surrendered to Lisa. It had happened! It was just a matter of figuring out what to do with it. The power she had over this other person right now was intoxicating and scary at the same time.

While Lisa had never ever gone this far before, she'd still watched girls from afar, even followed them for a while, but she'd always backed off as soon as she was at risk of getting caught. She'd dreamt of being invisible, so she could follow her prey further, all the way to their bedroom, to watch those beautiful creatures get dressed in the morning and witness their day to day routines. But she'd never wanted to hurt anyone before. In her darkest fantasies maybe she'd dreamt of having a girl completely at her mercy, but she'd never admit it to herself, until now.

Now she was in the living room of someone whose name she didn't even know and didn't want to know, and they were both as scared, but for different reasons. Lisa was desperate to figure out a way to end this. She'd threatened to kill this woman and groped her, but there had been no serious offenses yet. I could be possible to claim the girl was crazy and get away with it, since there was no evidence, just word against word, but Lisa didn't want to risk having to try that strategy out.

The ice cream girl had trouble figuring out what was going on. She looked at her aggressor with subservient eyes, not daring to speak. The frightening woman, apparently in her own world now, hadn't said a word since they had entered her apartment. She looked a bit worried, and the girl was clinging to a desperate hope now that things might come around for the better. Maybe the woman with the gun was starting to get cold feet and would leave. Out in the elevator, the girl had been convinced she was about to get raped or worse. Knowing the weapon was still in that purse made her worry. The woman seemed unpredictable and capable of anything really. The girl was holding her breath, trying to not even blink as she fought to make herself as inconspicuous as possible.

Lisa wondered, studying the girl, if just walking out the door could still be an option, which wouldn't entail serious consequences. She was cursing herself for letting things go this far, and now all she had come up with was a vague plan to knock the girl out and hope that trauma-overload would actually cause the girl to suppress the whole thing once she woke up. Of course, Lisa wasn't particularly convinced this would actually work, but just having a plan helped her to act, and right now acting was more important than solving the entire problem at once.

This was the difference between her and this girl, wasn't it? This girl didn't act on anything, and she wouldn't act on this, either, would she? Once she woke up alone in her apartment, she would do anything to forget her horrors, and she would tell no one. Lisa felt more and more certain. There was something special about this young, helplessly lonely person, this born victim, which made you feel safe.

Moving towards the girl, Lisa brought the gun out of her purse. The girl started crying now, convinced Lisa was going to murder her. Big tears were streaming down those pretty cheeks from innocent, childlike eyes. The little thing started to beg for her life, pleading for mercy.

 "Please! Please! Please!"

Lisa wasn't listening, though. In a quick motion, she smashed the gun as hard as she could against the girl's forehead.

This was easier than you would have imagined. There was a croak from the girl's throat, and then her legs folded and she tumbled to the floor. Lisa stared down in disbelief for a second or two, and then she forced herself back into action.

She checked for a pulse to make sure she hadn't actually killed the poor creature. Then, Lisa found herself moving in hesitation to the front door. She felt overwhelmed with urges to exit herself from the apartment, to run back home, to bury herself underneath her pillows and forget this whole experience. But she also reasoned with herself, realizing that it was never good to rush things, to act in panic.

With her hand on the doorknob, she looked back, and it wasn't until now that she felt it. Her eyes couldn't move away from the girl, who lay there knocked out cold. Seeing such an attractive - irresistible - body in such a defenseless state filled Lisa with even more intense desire than before.

She could actually do whatever she wanted to that body now, and there was a good chance its owner would never know about it. It was crazy, of course, but technically it wouldn't really be hurting anyone.

 "You're so beautiful," Lisa whispered as she approached, letting go of all self control.

This was more than excitement. This was a sexual frenzy, and it made her pussy sopping wet, aching to press against something naked. She slowly allowed herself to run her hand through the girl's hair, stroking it. Every moment, Lisa's desire grew.

Watching the girl more carefully, Lisa let her hand slide down till it was almost resting at the breasts. Up until this moment, she had never actually felt another woman's breasts, but she had dreamt about this, the opportunity to explore another woman's body without discretion. She cupped the breasts with light fingers through the thin material of the dress and lace bra. She let out a gasped of excitement from doing something so forbidden, beyond any limits. Her pussy kept making warm wetness in her panties.

Both hands were inside the other woman's dress now, touching the bra. They were such perfect breasts, like two perfect little globes, warm to touch! Lisa had to take things further! She reached under the bra, searching for the nipples, and she panted out another rush of excitement as she found and started rubbing the soft little knobs between her index finger and her thumb, playing till the tissue got stiff. She wanted nothing more now than to take a nipple in her mouth and taste it.

Next, she slowly started to pull the hem of the girl's dress up further and further up, until lacey-green hipster panties were showing. Lisa quickly brought out her cellphone from her purse and snapped a photo of the panties, for later she figured. Slowly tracing her hand up the girl's panty clad crotch to the waistband of her panties, Lisa grabbed the undies and slowly started to reach inside. She was on fire now! This was the most erotic experience of her life. No man she'd ever been to had ever been able to make her feel this good.

She slowly stuck more and more of her hand down the panties until the palm of her hand was resting on another girl's pussy lips. The girl had shaved down there, just today. Maybe she was expecting somebody else, Lisa thought with a smirk. She carefully inserted a finger inside the baby-bald pussy. Everything was tight, enough to fit only one or two more violating fingers inside, she figured. Maybe this one was a virgin. The possibility excited Lisa even further.

She forced another finger inside, taking care not to do any damage. It was amazing to feel the engulfing pussy, keeping the fingers warm and wet inside those soft lips. Lisa wanted to stay like this forever. But the girl could wake up at any moment, and it was time to leave.

Lisa pulled her hand out of the panties to taste someone else's pussy. An excited mouth licked with care, cleaning, savoring the taste. But she couldn't leave yet. She wanted something to remember this erotic experience for later, when she'd lie in bed. She wanted a souvenir.

Acting fast, she grabbed the waistband of the girl's panties with both hands and started to pull them down the girls legs and off. Lisa wanted to wear them right away, so she pulled off her own pants and panties and slid the girl's panties up, pulling them as high as they could go, until they were straining against her wet pussy lips. She pulled her pants up again till they were resting on her hips and her top covered the panties.

But what was she to do with her own panties? Lisa didn't much feel like carrying them around, and she decided that since she'd taken a souvenir it was only fair she'd leave one for the girl. A very nasty idea crept into Lisa's mind. With a smile, she opened the girls mouth and stuffed her own now soaking wet panties inside, taking great care to get as much messy cloth inside the girl's mouth as possible, without choking her, of course. The image of the girl with the panties stuffed in her mouth was something Lisa would carry with her forever. She was amazed at how sexy she found this moment, and she quickly snapped a photo for later. Blowing a kiss, Lisa exited the apartment and started heading home.

Lisa was in a hurry, running now. She felt free and light as a feather, and she caught herself giggling. All her worries and trepidation were gone. This was what it was all about. She felt strong, sexy and powerful, and she was more turned on than she'd ever been in her life. Even the slightest touch of her pussy could probably make her orgasm at this point, but she wouldn't allow herself that pleasure until she was home, even as she felt her juices running down her leg. The crotch of her new panties had quickly been soaked. Just wearing the panties of the poor unfortunate girl was almost enough to make her cum, almost. It was quiet outside now as she ran back, it must have been late, 8-9 o'clock maybe, and Lisa had lost track of time. She had no idea how long she'd been in the girls apartment. Suddenly she heard a voice.

 "Lisa, is that you? Hey it's Michaela, from yoga."

Damn it thought Lisa, she really just wanted to go home, crawl under the cover of her bed and just spend the rest of the evening and night masturbating. But that would have to wait.

 "Oh my god, Michaela hi, I'm good how are you," said Lisa, trying to sound like she meant it.

 "I'm good. It's been too long. I have so much to tell you - oh my god it's been so crazy - let's go get a coffee, and I can tell you."

Damn it no, no, no, not now, was all Lisa could think. She desperately needed to find a way to put some serious distance between herself and this annoying bitch. But Lisa's brain was too occupied replaying the scenes of what had just happened in her mind to be able to come up with a good excuse.

 "Ehm well. I have this thing."

 "Nonsense! Whatever it is it can wait. We have so much catching up to do, you and me right now!"

Michaela grabbed hold of Lisa's arm and started to drag her away. Ten minutes later they were sitting in a nearby bar, having a beer. Lisa was lost in her own world. She watched the lips at the other end of the table move, and she nodded every now and then, trying her best to fake an interest in whatever was being talked about while the scenes of what had happened earlier kept replaying over and over in her mind. She was so horny, but she couldn't bring herself off now, not in front of Michaela. She wanted to scream to the woman to shut the fuck up and let her go home, or at the very least tell the clueless bitch about what had been going on earlier that evening. Lisa looked Michaela over. She was about the same age, maybe a few years younger, late twenties. She was a cute brunette with her hair up, and she was wearing a simple pair of blue skinny jeans and a matching top. She was nothing special, cute but quite ordinary, in the eyes of Lisa.

Lisa was dying to tell somebody, anybody, even this annoying woman, about her experience, but knew deep down that even if she could get a word in edge wise there'd be no way she could ever tell her, but maybe just maybe there was a way she could show her and allow her to experience it with her, the thought excited Lisa, the danger that she could either freak out or get turned on was thrilling rather than freighting, she had changed tonight she knew that, this was her new life. As if to shut the woman up, she stood up without even thinking about it, pulled her top up to reveal the panties she had stolen earlier from the ice cream girl and tugged at the waistband trying to pull the panties up all the way above her bellybutton. Michaella finally became quiet and looked at Lisa.

-Ooh Lisa? Lisa smiled and stroked her panty covered belly as she looked down on the confused face of Michaela.

-Yes I'm wearing hipster panties today. She answered matter-of-factly as if it was the most natural thing in the world to flash her panties for everyone to see. "if only they knew where those panties came from" she thought to herself, it made it even more exciting to show them off.

-no it's just...

-You want to get out of here? It was time to interrupt and take control Lisa felt, keep it casual and who knows what will happen tonight she figured.

This is my first story feedback is much appreciated. 
Email: dianevanhoogendijk@gmail.com
