The light smell of peppermint filled his head as he entered the dimly lit room. Closing the door behind him with barely a click, Calvin could tell she was sleeping without even seeing her. He padded across the soft carpet, stepping over the odd garment strewn here and there. A book near the foot of the bed. Slick magazines by the side. He reached out to push himself up as he crawled onto the mattress.
She was on her side, a book in her hand and her glasses pressed slightly off her nose as she slept. Her bare feet and legs poked out from her long, bunched up nightshirt. A bright tattoo of a butterfly wrapped around her ankle. Her dark brown hair spread out in a nimbus of careless curls. The simple chestnut of her skin turned luminous in the soft pink light from her lamp. The frilly shade on the small lamp matched nothing else in the room. It used to be their mother's and it had been Anne's since before she was in high school.
She didn't stir as he slid gently next to her body. He drifted a finger up along her exposed neck, letting his fingertips come to rest on the warm pulse under her slender jaw. In her sleep, she moved her body into his touch. Her eyes fluttered open and a smile that made him want to touch greatness lit across her face.
He loved the natural beauty of her face. She rarely wore make-up, and when she did, it was just enough to count. He couldn't get enough of her. Her nose, her eyes, her intricate lips, and the feel of her breath on his skin - it was everything to him.
A car's lights briefly turned the windows white as it drove through the gathering snow in the road.
"Hi," she whispered.
"Hi." He ran his hand along her bare arm, pulling it close to her breast. She adjusted the small, gold-rimmed glasses on her face.
Calvin set her bookmark over the spread pages and closed the old book as he pulled it away.
"He's asleep?"
"Yeah."
"I'm sorry I drifted off. I tried to stay awake."
"S'alright." He kissed her above the eyes. His long fingers pushed a few errant locks of hair from her forehead.
"We've got to figure a better way to do this," she whispered. Her arms came up and crossed at the wrists as she pulled him down by the neck. He felt her legs come up a bit as she opened her legs for him.
They kissed gently as he knelt on his hands and knees, his legs together between her thighs. His insides shook as she ran her hands over his arms and shoulders.
"So big and strong. Do you do this for me?" she said breathlessly.
"No. I don't even like you," he said, biting lightly at her lower lip.
"Such a sweet boy," she laughed. He pulled her hands away and sat back on his knees.
"Dad was talking to me about college until almost two." He ran his hands along the inside of her thighs.
"Daddy just wants to make sure you make the most of it. He did the same to me yesterday."
"Well, he could do that during the day," he said. "Besides, it's your first year." He leaned down and kissed her on her cheek, just under her eye. "I already got that lecture last year." He kissed her on her chin. "I shouldn't have to hear it again." He kissed her throat.
He pushed the nightshirt up to her hips. She smiled and raised her pelvis a bit, letting his hands push the soft material up under her body.
Calvin let his hands roam over the smooth warm flesh of her thighs. Small moans rolled from her throat.
"I like that," she said with a sigh.
"Of course you do. I'm frighteningly talented." She giggled and squirmed under his touch. Calvin gave a quick grunt of a laugh as she closed her eyes and let her legs stretch out past his body. He pressed his hands to her warm body and ran them up her hips, marveling at the texture and the landscape of her flesh. His palms pushed gently at the smooth slope of her belly.
"I'm too fat," she said trying to push his hands from her body. He just rubbed her belly in circles and smiled.
"Not even a little."
"Not fat, maybe, but almost."
"You're kidding me. Girls always think they're not skinny enough. Next time you wear those jeans that ride down to your knees, see if the guys in the mall think you're too fat."
"Sheila Giffens is skinny. All the guys drool over her."
"That's Sheila Giffens," he said sliding his hands down to her legs and then up under the tight, yellow panties. Anne pulled in a breath and arched her back a little. Her breasts pushed against the thin material of her nightshirt. "Sheila Giffens looks good skinny."
"You...nnngh...you like...the way she looks?"
"She's pretty. But..."
"But what?"
"But, I don't want her. Why would I?"
"Smooth...ohhh, Jesus...smooth talker."
Calvin pressed his fingers firmly into the flesh over her pussy. He massaged the area slowly, making her breath come fast and sharp. Her eyes fluttered as she rolled her head from side to side.
He pulled his hands from under her panties and smoothed the flat of his palm over the sensitive mound between her legs. Her thighs spread open, lifting up and then back down again. Her head lolled back into her soft pillow. Her plump lower lip was pinched between her teeth. She smiled and tried to watch him without lifting her head.
Calvin smiled himself as he watched her. Her hands grabbed at the quilted blanket underneath her body. He ran his hand along her panties, pressing his finger into the groove between her legs. His fingers slid under her, going between her cheeks, making her jump slightly.
She was breathing hard as he pulled her underwear off, leaving them tight around her thighs. His thumb brushed her clit, sending visible shivers through her body. Her legs jolted and relaxed. Her smooth belly twisted and turned.
He slid a finger in her cunt. It was hot and extremely wet. She was making whimpering noises every time he would circle the smooth lips of her pussy with his slick fingers. Her pelvis pressed forward, trying to meet his touch. He leaned forward inhaling her scent and licked her plump lips, spending just a little extra time on her clit. She was ready to cum, and he knew it. She was almost there. The writhing of her body and the shortness of her breath was easy to read.
Calvin pulled his tongue from his sister's clit and blew a thin stream of air on her. The sudden jet of cold made her cum. She gritted her teeth and almost tore the quilt as her body went rigid. He watched it twitch its way through her skin and listened to it fade away with her heavy panting.
Calvin lifted her legs gently, raising them enough to slide her panties up and off. He kissed the inside of her thigh and slid his boxers off. His cock slapped up and down as the waistband lowered over it.
Anne pulled her nightshirt up over her breasts, struggling with getting it over her head. He reached down and lifted it free, tossing it to the floor.
He locked eyes with her, telling her in everything but words that he was going to fuck her until she couldn't stand it.
Reeling a bit from her powerful orgasm, she fumbled her fingers around until she had hold of him. She helped guide him in, gasping and scooting down as he slid inside her.
"You're going to hate yourself for this in the morning," she warned. He smiled and drove into her, pressing his body tight into hers. She clamped her legs around his waste as he laughed.
"I'm sure I will, but that's a problem for Future Me. Present Me has his own ideas about what's best."
They moved together like experienced lovers. The world fell away in pieces. First, the noise from the street dropped to nothing. Then the pressures of college and jobs fell away. The taboo nature of what they did faded to a tickling whisper. Their father in his room downstairs became an afterthought. The walls, the floor, the two decades of toys, trophies, posters, and furniture became distant. There were just them. His body moving in hers. Their mouths coming together and the taste of her. Her breasts pressing against his chest. His cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Her sweat soaking into her blanket. The genius of their union.
When he came, sending every ounce of feeling and pleasure rocketing through his cock, she shuddered and started to scream. He covered her mouth with his hand and pumped in and out until they collapsed together.
The world crashed back around them. Cars outside, blinking lights from a broken VCR, and the obscene amount of colors on the walls. It all came in and left them breathless.

Anne sat a plate of scrambled eggs in front of him as he stared out into the yard. She brought him a fresh glass of orange juice and then set hers next to him.
"You don't have to do all this for me. I can fix my own plate." He had his hand over her hand, softly curling his fingers around her.
"I like to make you breakfast." She smiled as he trailed his fingers off her hand. She pulled the robe tight against the morning chill. Her hair was softly combed, and as orderly as it could be. There were always a few renegade locks that refused to join the party.
"Dad sure left early," she said between bites.
"He had a meeting. Said he won't be home until late either."
"Oooh, that's sounds good," she said conspiratorially.
"Anne."
"Oh, here it comes. You almost made it through a breakfast without saying it." She set her fork down, folded her hands in her lap, and smiled. "Alright. Let's hear it."
"It's just that I don't feel right about this."
"Why do we go through this every time?"
"Well, it's different the next morning, you know?"
"No. I don't. I was glad we did it last night, and I'm glad this morning. Just like a million times before."
"I just think that we should reconsider what we're doing. It's not right."
"So?"
"That's your defense? 'So?'"
"Basically," she said. She took another bite of her eggs. "You could at least eat the eggs. They'll get cold."
He shook his head as he ate.
"Anne, it's just wrong."
"Gosh, you made it a whole minute that time." She grinned at him again. She never made it easy.
"It's not that I don't love you."
"I know."
"I love you so much it makes me crazy. But we can't do this. Christ, Annie, what if anyone found out?"
"I don't know." She sipped at her orange juice and sighed theatrically as she waited for him to continue.
"Listen, you could at least pretend you're not going to win this. Let me think I'm not just beating my head against a wall."
"Okay, Cal. You're right. We shouldn't do this. It's so, so wrong. Perhaps we should go back to how it was before. We could be miserable instead of deliriously happy. Yes. Misery is better than euphoria. I don't know what I could have been thinking. I'll just have to pretend that I don't love the feel of your hands on me. That should be easy enough." She stopped, and batted her eyes at him.
"Oh, you're just full of sarcasm today."
"Sweet, sweet Calvin." She lowered to her knees, sliding easily from her chair and slipped her slender fingers over the waist of his sweatpants.
"We can't, Anne. I know I say this all the time, but it's different now. Late at night, it seems fine. When no one can know, and it's dark, and it's all so exciting - but this is different. It -" he choked on air as she took hold of his already hard cock.
"Keep going. I don't want you to think you just gave up. I know that's important to you," she said as she stroked up and down his dick. She held it against her cheek as he struggled for his thoughts.
"I'm just trying to do what's right, Annie. I don't want -" She took him deep into her throat as he grabbed the sides of his chair. To make it worse, she looked up at him as she knelt on the floor with his cock in her mouth. Her eyes seemed to tell him to keep talking.
"You're evil. That's what I'll tell Jesus, or that blue guy the Hindus like, or whoever it is shaking his head at me when I die. I'll tell him you were evil." He dropped his head back as she sucked him off in the dining room. He picked at his eggs as she gave him a glorious and mind-numbing blowjob.
He came as she took his balls in her hands and gave them a light squeeze. His sister gave him a few cleansing licks and tucked him back in his pants. She made a show of daintily dabbing a napkin at her lips and sat back on the carpet.
"Do you have to work today?" he asked.
"Nope. You?"
"I'm supposed to work this afternoon."
"You want to call in sick, or should I do it for you."
"Sounds better if you do it."
"I'll try to sound concerned for your survival," she said.

They spent the evening with friends from school. Evenings like that were always tough. They were always being told that there was a girl who was just perfect for him. Or that there was a guy at work who would just go nuts for her. Excuses became harder to think of, and reasons to stay single became strained and harder to defend.
The hardest part was not looking at each other like the crazy in love couple that they were. When the others were talking, it was all they could do to not stare off into each other's eyes. They had to be careful not to let on how they felt. They had to pretend that they were not in love.
Each time they all got together, it was an exercise in self-control. The time seemed to pass rather numbly. They laughed in the right places at jokes, and feigned interest with superb acuity. They pretended that everything was normal.
The night would end, as it always did, and they would pretend to stroll casually back to their car, and then pull out of the parking lot with something less than desperate speed. As they drove home, there was no need for talking.
As they wound through the streets, they knew what was going to happen when they got home. Speaking would have been pointless. He just kept his eyes on the road. He ignored her squirming in the seat next to him. He concentrated on driving without crashing into the oncoming cars. He tried to ignore her wonderful smell. Her hand at the back of his head was making it terribly difficult to concentrate on anything. She stroked her fingers through his hair, making him breath hard as his eyes blinked rapidly.
He almost plowed through the back of the garage when they got home. He saw his father's car and let out a sigh that was a mixture of relief and anger. He heard the same sigh come from his sister. She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and ran inside. He sat there a moment, trying to ply his boner with future favors if it would just go down for a while.

His father had been asleep for almost an hour. The road-plow ground it's way down the street outside the house. He looked at his watch as he pulled it from his wrist. He'd have to buy a new one soon. He'd had that same watch since his first day in high school. It seemed so grown up and so big on his young wrist. It was a present from their grandfather. He'd put his Spiderman watch away that day. Now, he was looking at it and he realized that he'd outgrown another one. It was ironic, really. His Spiderman watch did nothing but tell time. His new watch did everything. It had a heart monitor on it. It did math. It switched from standard to military time. It had a small light that shocked the time face in a wash of light blue. The time face that had seemed so large and cumbersome had grown into a fitting size. Then, it was too small. He decided that he would go back to the old style. Just a simple watch. Just go with what works, he thought.
He thought of all this while alone in her room. He sat naked on her bed, his feet planted on the soft peach carpet. His skin was almost red in the soft pink light. He turned his hand over and over, watching the shadows in the lines that never used to be on his fingers. Barely a man, and sometimes he felt all used up.
She came in from the bathroom and the light turned bright white until she flicked the switch off. She came up behind him, walking on her knees to sit at his back. Her hands roamed over the tense muscles of his shoulders and neck. He knew she was naked. It was screaming at his brain. Women didn't realize that men had radar that told them when they're naked, but they do. It snaps some primal cave-monkey button in male brains and tells them to turn around and look. It doesn't tell them, so much as it attacks their motor functions and tries to force them to do it's bidding. Calvin managed to shove the cave- monkey back in its hole that night.
"You haven't said anything all night," she whispered in his ear. The cave- monkey was having a fit at the sound of her voice. Poo-flinging would certainly be it's next option.
"I've just been thinking," he said in a soft tone. He sounded a million miles away, even to himself. He just kept examining his hands. She stopped her massage long enough to reach over and click her stereo on with the remote. He didn't recognize the music. It sounded like it might have been some of their father's Jazz.
"About what," she said. Her hands came back to his body. They kneaded their way down his shoulders to his arms. He could feel her breasts against his back.
"Us."
"Cal," she sighed.
"No. Not if we should. You're right. At least until morning," he said grinning. She swatted his arm. She was sitting behind him now. Her legs came up around his waist. Her head rested against his back. He took her hands and pulled them as close together as he could around his solid middle.
"I'm just wondering how we can do it. How did it happen? That's all."
"We just do."
"You have all the answers, don't you?"
"For the simple questions, yes." She kissed his back, and he felt her nuzzle her cheek against him. Her hair was soft and felt perfect. "If you ask me how dad goes on without mom, I don't know. Ask me how someone beats their kid, I don't know. Ask me how we can love each other, and I know. We just do." She kissed her way up his spine. "I would have thought that was obvious," she said quietly.
He started to turn, coming towards the mattress. She lowered herself, untangling her body from his. He pressed himself over her, watching the easy movement of her breasts as she turned and twisted her way to the head of the bed.
He'd had a hard-on for what seemed like forever. It bobbed under him as he moved between her thighs. He rubbed himself along her cunt, moving closer to her body. With a shove, he was inside her. She bit her lip and smiled. She didn't know how much it made him nuts for every part of her.
They didn't need to start with foreplay. Both were ready to explode. He couldn't hear the sounds of the CD behind him. He forgot that there were other people in the world. He wanted to fuck her. He had to. He didn't live for any other reason at that moment. They moved slowly, but with intensity. Each time he slammed into her, she gave a short gasp. His balls slapped against her ass, stirring him on. He felt like he was made of lead. Every nerve screamed at him. She was hot inside - wet and tight.
Each time he moved in her, she tightened her fingers on his forearms. She pulled her legs up high, her knees up to her head. He went harder than before. He watched the tears roll out of her eyes. He listened to the breath that pushed past her dark lips. Sweat pooled between them. He felt her push at his chest with her soft feet. His hands clenched the quilt and he heard the stitches give and rip.
He pulled almost all the way out and then back in. Over and over, he did this. He was almost ready to cum. He could feel it. He started to speed up. Her teeth clamped together as she came. It was like a vice grip inside her body. Her fingers dug into his arm. Her fingernails scraped red trails along his skin as her hands slipped off his sweaty skin.
He went faster. She was shaking her head, moaning, and coming apart. He came hard. They fell together, as he shook. He kept pumping slowly. He was done, but he was still hard.  
They held each other as they caught their breath. He moved in her with a slow rhythm. Calvin leaned down and kissed her once. He pushed himself up, kissing her as he did. Down between her breasts, and then the top of her rising and falling belly. He slipped his hands around her legs and then pulled out of her. She groaned as he left her empty. She was reaching for him, her fingers trying to pull him back to her. He just stepped easily off her bed and kissed her leg once.
He left the room and slipped down the hall as she called his name as loudly as she dared.