Cove returns to Ignis' world for another sexy adventure.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Cove, Chapter 2 (mF, cons, interr, magic, mc, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Cove spent the warm summer night in a daze, trying to reconcile his fully remembered dream with his boring existence. Ignis, a sexy woman made of lava, had convinced him to become her champion, and he had undertaken a quest to stop a man who was able to transform into a dragon. He finally had to euthanize the dragon man when his transformation back into human form had gone horribly awry. This had all happened in some magical realm, another world. After he had saved a damsel in distress, Ignis had possessed the young woman and taken Cove's virginity. Then he woke up with his sheets soaked from a wet dream.

He had stayed up all night playing video games (it was summer!), so his sleep schedule was backwards compared to most people. He ate 'breakfast' at 8 PM, did his chores, and watched some TV. He played some more video games, talked to his friends online, and it was all so mundane! Why had his mind produced such an exciting dream world that was so much better than real life? There, he was a hero who was getting laid! Here in the real world he was a zero, and still a virgin, since dreams didn't count.

His Mom noticed his distraction during his 'dinner', her breakfast, and asked him about it, but he couldn't explain what was wrong. 'Sorry, Mom, I wanna kill bad people and have sex again.' Yeah, he figured that would get him thrown into a rubber room real quick.

When he got tired around 10 AM he headed back to bed. He really hoped he'd have another dream about Ignis and her world again...

---

He opened his eyes to find himself back in the lava chamber. "Yes! I'm back!" he exulted.

Ignis arrived shortly thereafter, bubbling up from the melted stone pool. Her feminine features were more defined today, looking reminiscent of the young woman she had possessed, but still fiery and magmatic (he wondered if that was a word).

"Welcome back, my champion, my lover," she purred with her deep voice.

Cove blushed and moved forward to embrace her, but the heat from her body was too intense, so he had to back off.

"I'm sorry, Cove, but my true form would harm you. We will have to continue our trysts through intermediaries."

He saw the ebon marble and knife at the side of the lava pool and picked them up. "So I just have to get some woman to touch this?" he asked, holding up the marble.

"It isn't that simple," she explained. "The marble would need to drain the magic from an enemy first. Only then may its power be used for other, more pleasurable activities."

He considered the small round object, and how its dark surface seemed to suck in the light. "So, do you have another asshole we can stop?"

---

Cove could smell brine as he neared the end of the declining tunnel Ignis had directed him down. He wondered how big this world was, if all the people were within walking distance, before he emerged into a massive cavern. Those strange glowing crystals had lined the walls of the tunnel, allowing him to see where he was going, and more of those seemed to be embedded in the roof of the grotto, though they were high up so it was darker. He could hear lapping waves in the distance.

As he approached what appeared to be an underground lake, he heard a feminine giggle. Frowning, he squinted as he approached a figure who was halfway out of the water. It was a beautiful naked woman! Or at least her torso was naked, though her breasts were tantalizingly hidden behind her long red hair as it cascaded damply down her chest.

"Oh, hi!" he greeted her. "Are you in trouble? Do you need my help?"

The woman just smiled and beckoned him near, giggling again. He stepped closer. She swam back a bit and gestured to him again, nibbling her lower lip in the universal sign of sexual desire.

Enchanted by her gorgeous face and alluring body, Cove decided to just go for it. He pulled off his jeans and shirt and considered the ebony blade and marble. The orb he tucked into his briefs, but he left the knife on top of his clothes before he slipped into the water. It was cold! He swam over to the woman. "What's your name?" he asked her.

She tilted her head at the question. He wondered if she was mute. She drew closer, now that he was in the water with her, tracing a finger along his slim chest. He noted that her hands had pronounced webbing between her fingers, and what looked like gills on the side of her neck. Could it be...? He moved his hands forward and ran them down her hips, feeling fish scales there. Yes! She was a mermaid! He pulled back and gave her a grin.

She bared her teeth in a mirror of his smile, and he noted that her teeth actually seemed quite sharp. He had a momentary reflexive sense of danger before something grabbed him from behind and pulled him under the water!

Fortunately, the gasp of surprise at seeing the mermaid's chompers had pulled a breath of air into his lungs before he found himself being held under the water by something! He was able to turn enough to see a burly male form with a fish tail holding him down...a merman!

Cove fished (ha) into his tighty whities for the marble. Fuck! Where had it gone? There! No, that was a testicle...there? No, that was the other one. He thrashed about before slipping his hands around back to find it nestled between his buttcheeks like a small, hard round turd. He quickly grasped it and smacked it into the merman's nose, his mind filling the watery silence with a "Boop!" sound.

He was immediately released as the merman thrashed, holding his throat as if he was drowning. Cove quickly surfaced, pulling in a lungful of sweet, sweet air before he paddled to the shore. He had to grab the knife!

Something grasped his ankle and he yelled in alarm. He instinctively slammed the marble into his attacker's arm and the mermaid let go, looking confused. Cove rushed forward, grabbed the ebon knife, and headed back to the shore, but neither merperson was attacking him now. The merman was floating on his front, his face in the water, and his dead body looked human now. The mermaid pulled the drowned body closer to Cove.

Cove considered, but Ignis had said that if he didn't use the knife, these assholes would gain their power back. He didn't know if a dead person could come back to life in this world, but figured it was better safe than sorry. When the body was close enough, he plunged the knife into the former merman's back. As he pulled the blade free, the corpse shimmered and faded, turning into those strange glowing sparkles before they sank into the water.

The mermaid swam closer and beckoned to him.

"Hell no!" Cove told her as he headed back to his clothes.

"Ig...nis," she croaked out.

He turned back. "It's you?"

She nodded and swept her red hair back, revealing small but attractive breasts as she bobbed in the water.

Oh, of course! Cove realized. His first use of the marble had charged it up, and his second use transferred the consciousness of his molten patron into the body of the mermaid, as it had done with the maiden he saved from the dragon man.

She beckoned him again and he dropped the knife and marble onto his clothes. His underwear joined them as he dipped back into the water for his reward.

"Err...how does this work?" he asked as he swam up to the mermaid/Ignis. With just a tail, there were no legs to part to access a vagina, if mermaids even had those.

She frowned, her hands exploring her borrowed body, before she turned away to show Cove her scaly ass. He could see a small hole, her butthole, he guessed, as it seemed too high to be anything else, but as he got closer he could see another hole -- a slit, really -- a little below that. The teen took a hold of her hips, pleased to find that her body acted as a kind of floatation device as long as he held onto it.

Despite her fishy lower half, his body reacted to the mermaid's womanly curves, and he rubbed his erection against that slit. Ignis had dipped her head under the water (to breathe, he realized). Soon the tip of his cock was catching at the edges of that slit as it opened up, and then it slipped inside.

She was very tight, and it took Cove some effort to finally bury his length inside of her. Once there, though, she wriggled her butt at him so he started to thrust. His hands went around her slim torso to grab those small breasts he had seen earlier. He snickered, thinking that to anyone watching, it would seem like he was fucking a pool floatie, as most of her was now underwater.

He couldn't believe it: his second time having sex and it was with a half-woman, half-fish possessed by a lava creature! It was obviously a dream, so it didn't really count as his second time, but he remembered that first time vividly, and somehow knew that he'd remember this after he woke up as well. Was this what actual sex felt like, he wondered, or was his mind doing its best to approximate it? Well, if real sex was anything like this, he would be hooked (ha, another fish joke).

He saw a flurry of bubbles arise from where the mermaid's head was and then felt her already tight insides squeeze him. It felt incredible, and set off his own orgasm. He gripped the possessed monster girl's body tight and grunted as pleasure rushed up his cock shaft before he blew his teen load inside her. "Uhh! Ohh shiiit..." he moaned.

Then he was underwater and flailing, his cock no longer ensconced in the mermaid's pussy. He burst to the surface and tread water, then saw her surface a few feet from him, a sexy smile on her face. The grotto seemed to darken...

Then Cove woke up, his sheets a gooey mess once more. He sighed, realizing that he'd have to put them in the wash himself again instead of waiting for Julie, the housekeeper, to come across his nocturnal emission.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)