This is from long time ago. I was in 10th grade. One day I came early from school . My taai was busy doing chores and did not notice me come in . I had a headache or something and went in the back room of the house . We had a huge house old colonial style and had 6 -7 rooms and the bck room was used basically to store the linen and there were some long suite old sytle suite cases(big metal boxes) and there were two double size twin beds . the room was totally dark unless you use the electric switch . I went in and fell asleep instantly. I was woken up by some loud moaning . What I heard was unbelievable . It was my taai and my dada. they both were naked and he was fucking her in the ass and she was enjoyingit. First I wanted to make some noise and makemy presence felt but I hesitated and soon it was too late becasue I began to enjoy the schene my self. My taai who was about36 then and had excellant body. she was so horny and was talking so filthy . I could notbelieve thisis thesame woman who reads geeta in the morning . Looks so pious . Dada was so big and was but still having hard time taming this tigress of sex. She was so wild and wanted two guys to fuck her. Dada started fingering her pussy which covered with silky black hair. This made it worse .. She grabbed his cock and shoved in her hot oven and the old man was doing his best but she wanted more and more and some more. The old man could not last any longer and squirted his juice and this made her mad like hell She kicked him out ,and started playing with herself and she was so desparate and wanted a cock so bad. i wanted to grab her right then but I did not do anything and finally she had her orgasm and she left.
Now I had figured out two things . One that Taai needs a good dick and she needs it every night. Second was that I have to do something creative so that she start lusting for me.
I started to look for opportunities where she can she can see my lunn and then let her mind ponder over. i used to sleep in my room and she used to bring tea in the room for me . Everytime when it was time for her to come I used to maintain a huge erection and lay on my bck and act like I m fast asleep. And she would look at it in amazement .One morning she stood over my bodyand making sure that I am fast asleep . I was snoring (pretending) she held my cock in hand and felt it -and it was 73/4 thick hot sold rod and stiff like a rock.She was either nervouse or felt guilty she left in a hurry and all day long she kept looking at me in a peculiar way. next morning before she entered the room i had a same kind of hard on but this time i slid it out from the underwear i.e. my cock was sticking out sideways. Now this really made her juices going. she felt it in her palm for a long time.I think she got pre-cum juice in her hand.
We had a wedding in the family and she came to attend the wedding in our town. Everyone from my family was there at my uncle's house . I told my parents that I have my exams, i cannot go and my taai decided to stay behind with also.. This was a huge house usually 8-10 people always around . With everyone gone - it seemed so strange both of us alone in the house. It was month of January and was pretty cold , after lunch we sat out in the yard in the sun. we started talking. One thing led to the other, we had naever chatted so casually and informally before. It was like two same age friends are talking.I was getting rise in my pants while I was talking and she noticed that and did not know how to react. She was caught in a big deliemma of guilt/sin and reality.we did not say much and we both went that evenign to our rooms and went to sleep. It must be about 2am I could not fall asleep. I got up to get soemthing to eat from the kitchen. Iwalked by myTaai ;s room and the door was not fully closed and I heard some noises from inside , I stopped, for a moment I thought my dada is back and he is doing it with her. I entered the room without making any sound and sawTaai fully naked and rubbing her pussy and calling my name and begging to fuck her with my donkey dick.This was enough for me,I made some sound and she opened her eyes and i was standing with my dick fully erect perpendicular to her face. There was some silence and pause neithere of us said anything and then suddenly she grabbed my dick and put it in her mouth. I was quick to shift my positon where my mouth got full access to her silky hairy juicy cunt. there was flood of cunt juice there I had to suck it like a vaccum -licking wuld not be enough. She had bloody six orgasm in few mintues. She had been starving for years and years. I told her I am your own and nobody knows more and cares more for your needs than me.She wanted me ride her like her stallion. We must have made love every half an hour all nigh n=\long. I told her i want dessert before we go to sleep which was fuck her in the ass/i put some spit on her hole and entered and she was moving like a pro and finally exploded in her ass. This was beginning of a great relationship. I told her how I know about her involvement with my grand father. She told me that at first when she was newly wed her husband had left her for few weeks while he was posted in Narnaul . And Baai ji (grandfather) fucked her thinking his son is too young and immature to handle tigress (bhukhi sherni) like me. She was fucked by him for many years . She and I got hot again while talking , I took her out of the room and took to the my dabka and took all of her clothes and asked her to fantasize about the old man and tell me exactly what he did and what he said. He used lots of crude language which i was not too comortable with it turned her on . Tu mother chod maa ki lori , randi bagera bagera. I used to go to Ludhiana from Malerkotla and used to fuck her for years and years. There was where I met a beautiful apsara who showed me heaven . (this part next time)
MR_PG
