3:30 AM - 6:30 AM

You stand in the living room, staring at your feet. Alone. Not just by yourself, but alone. It's a blackness that creeps up on you and steals your warmth. You remember the feeling, remember that you used to wear the skimpiest clothes and thumb your nose at the cold. Shed those clothes and expose yourself to the elements while pretending for ten minutes, twenty minutes, an hour if you were lucky, that you were colder than the cold and it couldn't touch you.

There's no excuse for it this time. There's no calling a redo on account of having a crappy life that never gave you the chance to learn about the important things. You learned about them during the brief time you were Buffy. You realized in Los Angeles that you need them, want them. You've experienced them during this second go round on the Hellmouth. They stole the cold away.

What you're feeling now is the prelude to an iciness that will end you. To stay warm, you just have to let them in. It's so simple that it's giant and impossible. Spike is right; you got it a while ago, and you've been trying. But every time you attempt it, you find yourself not doing it and afterwards you're never really sure what the hell happened, why you didn't.

This has been coming, you realize. A slow and steady arrival that began the day the Watchers sprang you from jail, faked your death, and sent you back here. It picked up speed when Tara moved in, and the pedal went to the floor when Spike and his soul came back.

You're not sure anymore who you were trying to protect with the distancing--them or you. Doesn't matter, because as Spike has made plain, they're sick of the distance, tired of trying to close it, and ready to give up.

A part of you thinks that might be for the best. But the frantic part of you clawing its skin away from its arms doesn't agree. That part knows that the only reason you didn't bolt out of town a month in was because of them. They only reason you didn't shatter again--in a new way--was because of the way they held parts of you in place until they could stay on their own. They gave you safety and warmth, and they're ready to take it all back because you fight them every step of the way.

Again you have the thought that there's been too much to deal with for one night. You need to think. For that, you need to move. Still trembling, you cram your feet into your boots, gather the necessities from the table by the door, and grab your coat.

Something feels off in the courtyard, but it's not until you're at the stairs that you realize there's someone there. In the bushes. Your arms stretch out, making contact with flesh, and your fists take hold of clothing and give a good, hard yank. Your eyes widen when you see the voyeur. You let her go slowly, taking in the light brown, shoulder-length hair, gray eyes, and square features of Tracey.

She's pretty enough, but you think Tara can do better. You'll probably always think Tara can do better than whoever she's dating. That's because Tara is better than most people. Kinder. Smarter. Nicer. Prettier. All things you used to have no stomach for.

"What the hell are you doing?" you growl.

Tracey's eyes widen and she stumbles back a step at the edge in your voice. You seem to be causing that reaction in people a lot recently.

"Faith," she stammers. "I was just..."

"Spying?" you supply. "Yeah. I'd noticed that. Why? And why were you following Tara?" Tracey shrugs and you inch closer, your face going tight. "Why?"

"She's keeping things from me," she says harshly.

Your eyebrows climb to your hairline. "Tara is keeping things from you," you repeat incredulously. "Yeah, right."

The idea is crazy. Ridiculous.

"She said she was gong to be at the library last week," Tracey says angrily. "And I brought her some tea. But she wasn't there. And she told me the next day that she got a lot done there."

Aw, shit. Not so crazy or ridiculous. Fuck. Tara was helping you and the others ID and find the Y'Fow last week. But, still.

"And so you decided not to, oh, say ask her about it?" you say sarcastically.

Not that you'd want Tara to have to lie more, but really, what kind of person hides in bushes instead of asking?

"Like she'd tell me the truth," Tracey scoffs. "All I'd get are more lies and then I'd find out the truth about her screwing someone else."

You roll your eyes. The bitterness is evident, and you smell someone who's been crapped on more than once. "Guess women aren't that much different than men in some ways," you comment.

Tracey sighs. "Not so much." She frowns. "I like her. A lot."

You know that Tara likes Tracey as well, though not a lot. Recent events have pretty much lowered that to not at all, what with the planned break up in the morning.

"I don't want to lose her," Tracey says quietly.

"So you hold on tight," you realize, giving her a considering look. "Maybe a little too tight, huh?"

She nods. "I guess I do." Her eyes flicker to the building, then back to you. "At first, I thought it was you."

You have considered maybe translating your occasional muff diving into something more lifestyle-y. So that there maybe could be a you and Tara. You gave this a great deal of consideration actually and eventually realized it was just not going to happen. You like the cock. You could not go without the cock. And since Tara does not have a cock, there ended the consideration.

You blink at Tracey. "So not the case," you mutter.

"I said at first," she tells you. "But then I saw--I saw her go to Spike's just now. In her pajamas. And then he followed her."

"It's not anyone, much less me or Spike," you say with frustration. "Tara doesn't...she's not even like that." You smile cynically. "And that comes from someone who knows about people being like that."

Tracey stares at you, then her face collapses. "She going to leave me, isn't she?" she asks miserably.

You shrug awkwardly. This isn't really a conversation you want to have, and you're starting to feel bad for the woman. "Look. Spying and stalking?" You shake your head. "Those are issues. Maybe you should work on that. Because it's not exactly, you know, healthy and shit. Actually, it's fucking creepy. And disturbing."

"I know...I just..."

You know. You really do. "Go home," you suggest.

She nods and starts to turn. Then she glances at you. "I know you're going to tell her." You don't deny that. "But let her know I'm sorry."

You wait a couple of minutes, then finally climb the stairs out of the courtyard to the sidewalk. It's funny, in a way that's not even a little funny. You and Tracey. Both so afraid of losing Tara that you've both done something that will pretty much guarantee you'll lose her. Only in your case, it's the others as well.

You wander town for hours and there's no answer that comes to you that you didn't already know and fail at. You're kind of...deflated. Like a balloon. You zipped around the room, all the air going out of you, and now you've fallen to the floor, tired and empty. Make that exhausted. Goddamn, there should be a limit to how much a person has to deal with in one night. This shit is just too fucking much. Xander and Stanley Butters and the shit with Tara and then the Tracey thing.

You can't even begin to process it all. You're probably supposed to learn something significant from it all, but--fuck. It's a lot. Maybe someone better or smarter could figure it out, but you're just on overload. And you feel old and incompetent. About the only worse way things could go would be if Giles were to call. You pause, waiting for your cell to ring, but it stays mercifully silent.

"Small favors," you mutter, and start walking again.

You manage to do a sweep of the remaining cemeteries on your walk, not finding much of anything. You probably scared all the roaches into the woodwork with your displays at Tranquility Falls and Willies'. That's a good thing, because you're not exactly at your most attentive.

Your mind is just going in circle after circle. You know that things aren't lost, not for good. Tara will forgive you, Spike will go back to his usual manner of calling you on the carpet, and things will return relatively close to normal. But it's only a reprieve, and you know it. If you can't figure this out, then you're gong to fuck things up permanently. Tara gives more than she should--it's her way. But everyone has a limit, and soon you're going to find out what hers is.

Spike will walk away with her. If it comes down to you or Tara, he'll pick Tara every and any time. Just like you would if it ever came down to Tara or Spike. Tara's worthy. You and Spike aren't and you both know it.

You figure you might as well head home. Sun'll be up soon and sunrise is your bed time. You wonder what kind of fucked up dreams this night is going to give you.
*
6:30 AM - 7:30 AM

When you get back home about an hour before dawn, you find the apartment not as empty as it was when you left. Spike's sitting on the couch. Smoking. That means Tara is still at his place, because there's a strict no smoking policy in the apartment. He'll probably catch all sorts of hell when she comes back; like any non smoker, Tara's got a nose for the scent.

"Get a lot of action?" he asks blandly while you strip your coat off for what feels like the millionth time that night.

It's something of a peace offering, considering how he has no problem ignoring you when he wants to. You shrug. "Not really. Wasn't looking. Just walking."

He nods and drops his cigarette in a soda can on the coffee table, jiggling it around so that the liquid inside snuffs out the cig. "Guess I could have been easier on you earlier," he concedes.

That makes you smile. "Tara read you the riot act, didn't she?" you say knowingly.

He laughs, more than a little indulgently, but doesn't answer.

You collapse onto the loveseat, positioned so that you can see him. "Kind of funny, isn't it?" you muse.

He arches a brow. "What's that?"

"Come on, we're badasses," you remind him, grinning. He returns it, some kind of predator gleam sliding into his eyes. "But we just shrink under a glare from Tara. It's funny."

"Are you in love with her?" he asks suddenly.

He's watching you like he expects you to be shocked, but you just smile at him. "Be a lot easier if I was, wouldn't it?"

"Nah," he replies with a shrug. "More complicated is more like it. You're even worse at relationships than you are at friendships--and that's saying a bloody lot."

It's your turn to spring a sudden question on him. You know it's not going to be a welcome question, but you're beyond desperate at the moment. "How did B do it?"

He is about as surprised by your question as you were by his. "What does that matter, eh?" he asks curiously, his eyes narrowed. "Are you Buffy?"

"I was, once," you murmur quietly.

"I remember," he says, his voice just dripping innuendo to the point that you can actually hear his smirk before you shift your eyes and see it.

"Can we stay on topic here?" you demand.

"Right. Buffy. Who you are not."

You flinch and prepare to stand, but Spike has leaned over and grabbed hold of your knee. You're still feeling unlike yourself because of your previous altercation with him, so you stop trying to move.

"Wanna try hearing me out before you get all huffy about imagined insults?" he asks coolly.

"Yeah, sure."

"Buffy was a hell of a Slayer," he begins, and you dig your nails into your palms as you brace yourself for the inevitable comparison. "And I should know. I've fought a few. Killed a couple. Know what I learned? All of them were different. Didn't make any of them less of a Slayer."

He pulls out his cigarettes and lights one, then jiggles the pack so that a couple stick out. You take one when he offers the pack, and lean forward so that he can light it. You're less tense now, because so far the comparison hasn't come, and you're starting to think it won't. Which is maybe the point he's trying to make.

"Your problem is that things got screwed," he says bluntly. "You and Buffy shouldn't have been around at the same time. But you were, and she was a good Slayer with a couple of years on her. So you figured that to be a good Slayer, you had to be like Buffy. Don't suppose your little stint in her body helped matters."

Another wince, and you decide that you will never not have some kind of physical reaction to any reminders of that incident. Just as well, since it was probably one of the creepier things you did.

"No, it didn't," you admit, exhaling some smoke and tangling a hand in your hair. "She had it all, Spike. Everything I never did. Know what the rub was?"

"If you hadn't fucked things up royally, you could have had it, too," he answers simply. "But that's not true. What was right for her, what worked for her? Not necessarily what applied to you. And let's not forget that even if you had meshed into that group, they were her group first and last. Nothing to do with you, that. Just how people are."

"But fucking look at me now!" you exclaim. "Got the friends and the fucking movie night. Am I supposed to just not have them? Because she had them?"

He rolls his eyes and points at you with his cigarette. "Will you stop being so damned defensive and listen?" He glares at you. "Don't make me force you, because I will; chip or no chip. Got strict orders from Tara."

Despite yourself, you snicker at that, then spring another question on him. It's kind of changing the subject, but you're curious about it. "Are you in love with her?"

This time he is surprised, and he chokes on some smoke that he was in the middle of inhaling. "What?" he practically shouts. "She's gay, and I'm not that much of a fool." You really can't help thinking that being in love with Buffy was more than a little foolish, but he stops you before you can say that. "Not a word. Not one bloody word."

You hold your hands up in mock-surrender. "Fine, all right. Not a word."

"So the point I was trying to make is this," Spike continues, still watching you warily, as if he expects you to bring up the Buffy thing despite his warning. "The group you've got around you? They just kind of happened. Wasn't you trying to be Buffy, and no one thinks otherwise. But they bring complications, and how Buffy dealt with them doesn't matter."

"That's not even a little helpful," you scoff, leaning forward to cram your cigarette into the soda can. "I'm looking for some advice here."

He sighs tiredly and rubs a hand across his face. "Said it earlier, and I'll say it again. You already figured it out. Just a matter of you acting on it." He shakes his head and turns those intense eyes on you again. "What I'm trying to get through that head of yours is that you--Faith--are a damn good Slayer."

And that stops you. Stops you and starts you all at once. Because--Spike? Heavily biased for Buffy, obviously. You've always thought that he's the one who most often finds you lacking in comparison to her. There you go again with comparison, don't you? He's got a point, and you recognize it logically. Two different people are still two different people, even if both are Slayers. You think it'll take you a while to accept this the way it needs to be accepted, but for now...

For now, the fact is that this Buffy acolyte--who has never been one to say things just to make someone feel good--has just said he thinks you're a damn good Slayer. It's something you can latch on to. Accept. It's simple and straightforward.

"Glad something's permeated that thick skull of yours," he snorts. You realize you're staring at him like he's just told you some secret to the universe. Maybe he has. A secret to the universe that is Faith. You keep staring, and his face softens into less pronounced angles. "Whatever doubts you've got, you remember that, will you?"

You nod and look away, because it's a whole lot of soft, squishy moments all rolled into one and you've never been good at those. "Thanks," you say awkwardly.

"Right. Now, on to the next subject," he says breezily. Next subject? You're not really sure you can take more sharing tonight, and what the hell else is there to discuss? "Tara."

"Tara?" you repeat in confusion. "She's a subject?"

His lips twitch. "A noun, specifically."

"Fucking blow me," you mutter irritably. "You know what I meant. And I feel shitty enough already, so do we need to have another touchy-feely conversation about it?"

"Yeah, we do," he says reluctantly. "Not one I'm looking forward to, either, just so you know. You're not the only one who dislikes the sharing time. Always been my favorite thing about you lot--the lack of it."

Well, that bodes well for wrangling out of it. "So how about we do the short version?" you propose, giving him a grin. "I'm a bitch, and if I am a bitch to Tara again you'll find a way around the chip. We cool?"

You watch his face go a little blank. "No, we're not cool," he says steadily, but something is glittering in his eyes. The grin slips off your lips and you hunch down a little. "Let's try something new for this conversation. How about I ask questions, and you answer them without your usual 'go take a piss' attitude?"

That has you glaring at him, but he glares right back at you and so you sigh and wave a hand. "Okay, okay. What do you want to know about the subject of Tara, who is a noun specifically?"

He frowns, like he's wondering if he should call you on the snotty addition to that statement, but you guess he decides it's as good as he's going to get, because he nods.

"Since I came back, you've been out of sorts," he begins. "Yes or no?"

You shift a little uncomfortably as you realize he is about to ask you a whole lot of questions that you really don't want to answer. "Yes," you say lowly.

Shifting around on the loveseat, you settle sideways, your back against the arm and your legs stretched out. It puts your back mostly to him, and if you don't focus on your peripheral vision, you can't see him. Maybe it'll be easier to answer if you don't have to look at him? Maybe he'll let you?

"Very good. Gold star for you," he says, doing a little golf clap. The clapping doesn't even irritate you because he's actually going to let you stay the way you are and not have to look at him. "Why have you been out of sorts?"

"Never thought about it."

"Funny, that would actually work on Tara," Spike comments. "But not on me."

You sometimes forget just how damn good this vampire is at just knowing people. "She was mine," you say sullenly, not caring how it sounds. "I mean, Josh and Olson were here and all, but it was me and Ta at the apartment. We got to know each other, right? Know things they didn't."

You shrug like the child your words imply you are, and bend one knee, looping your wrist over it. Staring at your wrist, you try to find words. You've learned a lot of them, but stringing them together into something...cohesive, is another matter all together. And not something you've had much practice at.

"Did Tara tell you about when Khentimentiu came here?" you ask haltingly. "To send her to you after you got the soul?" He makes a noise that, loosely translated, means no. "Yeah, well, so Khentimentiu didn't want to tell me what was going on, and I told him that you're one of ours. That we take care of our own."

You fall silent and remember the scene that night, when you first became aware of that thing between Tara and Spike that you can't touch.

"What happened then?" Spike asks.

"He fucking tripped out on me," you tell him. "Tara had to step in between us to get us to cool it. Then he turns around and says the reason he's telling Tara is because you're hers. And he had no problem with that," you continue, your voice harsh and angry. "No freaking out, no violence. Just, 'hey, Spike's yours'. Know why?"

"Knowing Khentimentiu?" Spike says slowly. "Could've been any number of reasons." You crane your head back and stare pointedly at him, and he sighs. "Right, was because she loves me."

Sinking back, you close your eyes.

"Yeah, that's what he said," you reply. "Anyway, I know Tara, and I knew she was going to get you back here; that's just how she is. I started thinking about before you left, when she was here for the Cerno, and how you two just--fuck, it was like you were inside each other's heads, man."

"We were," you hear him say, and you whip your head around to gape at him. "That night I took her to Wildwind, she...did something." He narrows his eyes and stares off at something or other in the distance. "Pummeled me with emotions, with memories, and gave me a dose of what was going on in her scrambled head."

"No shit?" you whisper, and he nods. "Damn."

"Pretty much," he concedes. "And her knowing me, that's just how Tara is. Watches, doesn't she? Soaks things up like a greedy little sponge. Lots of activity behind her quiet exterior." He smiles softly and shakes his head. "Go on, then. Got to thinking about me and Tara during the Cerno...?"

This looking at him thing doesn't seem too bad, so you scoot around and pick up your explanation. "Yeah. And I thought about you and me, you know while you were helping us. And I thought about me and Tara since you left. No matter how I looked at it, I--" You make a frustrated noise because you're not sure how to say it.

"You got the short end of the stick," he finishes for you, his tone not unkind. "Felt like Tara was more mine than yours, pretty much were told that I was more hers than yours. So who was yours, right?"

"Well, yeah, I guess," you admit irritably.

He opens his mouth, seems to think better of what he's going to say, then seems to change his mind altogether. "You're an idiot."

You glare at him. "See, this is why I don't do sharing."

"Well, you are," he insists. "I can see you feeling that way at the time. But you still feel that way, don't you?"

"Shouldn't I?" you come out and ask him. "Because from where I stand? Nothing's changed. You two still do that creepy thing, where you look at each other and have entire fucking conversations."

"That's not going to change, and you're overlooking something vital."

"What's that?"

"You have those kind of conversations with me, and with Tara, too."

You frown. "Yeah, no I don't."

He quirks a brow. "You and I had several about Tracey last night."

Eager to prove him wrong, you replay the events of the prior evening before the first round of patrols. "Well, goddamn," you say, sounding just as shocked as you feel.

"Listen up, Faith, and pay attention. Tara? She loves you something fierce. Wants everything for you. Does her best to make sure you get it, too."

"I'm not an idiot," you say again. "I know that."

There's a long, long silence and you don't know what it means. When he speaks, his voice is almost a whisper. "Do you, now?"

"Yeah."

"Are you in love with me?"

"Sharing time's over," you announce suddenly, jumping to your feet. Spike is there before you can take a step. He stares down at you with that intense stare.

"Are you in love with me?" he asks again, and you can't read anything on his face. It's blank. So are his eyes. Nothing there to give you a hint about what he hopes or thinks the answer is.

You don't want to think about that question, but you suddenly have to. And the answer comes quickly, simply, and with it comes clarity on pretty much everything else about the three of you. Pretty damn surprising.

"No."

He blinks. "No."

You shake you head. "No." You laugh a little. "That would probably make a whole lot more sense. Explain everything neatly."

He echoes the shaking of your head. "You think that would be 'neat'?" he wants to know.

"Well, yeah. Because it's, like, the expected thing. Love fucking things up. Messing with friendships. Totally trashing a group. But that's not what's going on."

Spike thinks you're talking out of your ass, as is clearly demonstrated by the rolling of his eyes. And, really, you can't blame him for thinking that. For most of this conversation you've been struggling for words, and even you find it strange that you've apparently known the deal about what's at the center of it all for a while.

You take your perch on the loveseat again.

"Three friends," you say confidently, letting the words end on an up note to signal there's more coming. There's a theory, and a story and a truth coming.

Spike tilts his head to the side, somewhat interested, and then sits on the couch again. He waves his hand to continue, and you follow it up by gesturing for a cig. He's all about not killing you with the Big C, and the warning glare he gives you along with the cigarette means you're cut off for the week. That's cool.

"Three friends," you say again. "None of who are in love with any of the others." Okay, that sounds all wrong, and you decide that you should leave the fancy narrating to someone else. "Romantic love not entering into it," you clarify. "Sex, either."

"Right," he drawls, snorting a little.

"Man, you need to get over yourself." He blinks and you grin. "Yeah, Spike, that's right. I'm not interested in getting bouncy with you. Haven't been since...well, since that time I was interested." And, hey, an improvement. No masochistic mention of switching you-know-whats with you-know-who. Go you.

"It's nothing to do with me. You're a goddamned cat in heat. Nothing wrong with that," he hastens to add.

You don't clue him in on your recent revelation about your sex life. It's going to stay with you, because you came to it on your own and it's yours.

"Seriously, Spike. It hasn't been an issue since I came back."

He studies you for a long moment, surprise filling his face. Maybe a little disappointment, too. Because, hey, who the hell doesn't want to be the object of someone else's lust? It's flattering.

"So these three should have it easy, right?" you go on. "No sexual tension. No love triangles. Should be smooth friendly sailing. But it's not. And you know why it's not?"

Spike holds up his hands, like he's letting you make the point. But you think that he doesn't know what the point is.

"Because they're not friends."

Yeah, he really didn't know where you were going with this. His mouth kind of drops open a little before he catches himself. Then he nods.

"And they're not family," you add.

That's really caught him off guard and piqued his interest for the first time tonight. "So then what are these three people?"

"They're three people. And each of them is the others'." He frowns at you and you take a frustrated breath. "Okay. You and me, we're Tara's." He nods. "But I'm also yours, and you're also mine. And Tara is mine and yours. It's not just a group of friends. It's three people who've laid some kind of claim on each other. We haven't done that with Josh and Olson--they're our friends, our family."

Spike is quiet for a while. "Say you're right," he proposes eventually. "Why do you think that makes it more complicated?"

"Because of me," you say softly. "I want you and her to be mine, and that's it. No other having of any kind. I don't want to...I don't know. Get left. Out or behind."

Thankfully, he doesn't make a big deal of what you've just confessed to him. If he did, you would probably have run screaming for the hills. Instead he nods sedately.

"Always tough. Wondering if you're going to be figured as unnecessary. You and Tara, you're both women. Both human. Can't see as either of you have much need for a souled and chipped vamp. And me and you, we've got insight into each other that Tara can't even begin to get near. Gotta make her wonder if she's got anything to offer."

And, yes, you can be incredibly self-involved, but it's still a surprise that you never actually thought about that aspect before. It's true, isn't it? There's reason for each of you to feel like you'll get left. Out or behind. But...when you think about Tara or Spike getting left out or behind, it doesn't work. You and Spike were alone together for months before Tara came. It was cool, but you didn't have the kind of things Tara offers. And when it was you and Tara, you didn't have any of the things that Spike offers.

So maybe it's the three of you. Maybe the Spike and Tara deal misses out on something if you're not involved in the equation. Maybe it's not two and one, but all three of you. Huh.

Sun's up, now, and Spike isn't going anywhere. He pulls out his cigarettes again, then sighs and puts them away. You fall into a silence that's comfortable, and that's a very weird thing. You and Spike don't usually do silence, and you never do it together.

"She's too good for the likes of us, you know," he says roughly a while later.

"Fuck yeah," you agree. "I don't plan on telling her that anytime soon, though. Do you?"

He smirks and shakes his head, eyes meeting yours. "She's not mad at you. About her hand."

You go a little still. "I didn't even mean to do that," you mumble.

"She knows. Says she knew better than to try it then; something about some look or other in your eyes that she ignored."

The silence falls again, and you ponder how strange this all is. Nothing's been fixed. Nothing's perfect. Nothing's even the same or better than when you woke up. Even still, there's been some shit settled. It's probably a start. Definitely a start. The rest is up to you, and even though you doubt that you'll be able to do what it is you haven't been able to do, you still feel kind of good about things.

There's something like an hour that passes, and you're about to fall asleep when there's a noise from Spike. When you look over, your heart stops for a moment, and then you jump to your feet.

His back is hunched up unnaturally, his head arched back, and then his body is flailing to the side. He crashes through the glass top of the coffee table. You stare down at him in shock, having no idea what to do. He's having a seizure or something. One of his hands is grabbing at his head, the other is pounding into the floor, and there's a garbled scream coming from his mouth.

"Fucking hell," you choke out, then drop to your knees and drag him off the shattered remnants of the coffee table. You manage to haul him up on the sofa, but it's not easy.

He's convulsing, shouting through clenched teeth, and his eyes are squeezed shut in agony. It's gotta be the chip, with the way he's clawing at his head. But you've seen it go off, and it's never this bad. And he didn't even do something to set it off. He was just fucking sitting there. You hold him down, keep him from falling off the sofa again, and the sounds of his choked screams are grating at your skin.

"Shit, shit, shit, shit. What the fuck is going on?" you growl as you struggle to hold him down. Damn bastard is strong, and you finally have to sit on him and hold onto the back of the couch to keep him on it.

You time it. Because Olson has taught you, among other things, that the details are important. You time it. And it takes five minutes. Five fucking minutes. Longest five minutes of your life. Then he collapses under you. Shaking like you were earlier. Cradling his head like there's been something rammed through it.

You slide off of him slowly, watching him carefully. You time it again. And it takes ten fucking minutes. Ten minutes before he can open his eyes and even attempt to speak.

"Bloody hell," he says, and his voice is so faint that you almost didn't hear it.

He's not flailing about any more, and you leave him on the sofa and go for the phone.

"Damn it, don't!" Spike tells you, and you think he wanted his voice to be deep and threatening, but it's just soft and weak.

You stop anyway and look at him. "Give me one goddamn reason why I shouldn't?" you ask tightly.

He curls his lips at you. "You already know all the bloody reasons."

Yeah, that's true. You do know. He wants to protect Tara. "Look, no matter how hard you try? You can't keep her from ever getting upset about something, okay? It's going to happen. Especially with the shit we do every day."

Also, you're a little upset yourself, and Tara's a damn good calming influence. Always a good thing for you to have on hand when you're in a situation that's got you all up in arms, but there's nothing to actually fight.

Spike's eyes close. "Damn stubborn females," he mutters. "At least clean up the glass."

It's stupid, cleaning up the glass, but you do it anyway. Tara only had her slippers on when she left, and the glass could go right through it. And she gets all nesty when things are bad. No doubt the glass would be her first task once she stopped crying.

You shove the coffee table frame against a wall and then pick up the house phone. Tara's cell is on the dining table, so you hit the speed dial for Spike's apartment. Tara doesn't sound like you woke her up.

"Hello?"

Spike's eyes are open again, and he's staring at you. Right. "Hey, you need to come home," you say as calmly as you can. "Right now."

She's silent for a moment, then asks, "What's...did something happen?"

You look back at Spike. He's trying to sit up, but he's not having much success. "Yeah," you answer, and your voice is shaky. "It's Spike. He...just come. Please."

There's no answer because she's already hung up.
*
7:30 AM - 11:30 AM

Tara is beside herself when she gets to the apartment. As soon as he sees her, Spike gathers his strength and manages to sit up, an easy grin on his lips. Tara looks from that grin to the coffee table, to you, and you quickly school your features into something relaxed.

She starts crying immediately. Damn. She knows both of you too well. But Tara really is the matriarch, and she wipes the tears away impatiently and sits next to Spike on the sofa.

"What happened?" she asks softly, taking one of his hands in her own.

"Think the chip has gone haywire," he admits, not giving anything away that would hint at the screaming convulsions he had not too long ago. "Firing when it shouldn't be."

You narrow your eyes on him. "How long has it been happening?" you demand to know, because you suddenly realize he's nowhere near surprised about his little fit.

He looks at you, and there's something very, very annoyed in his gaze. Whatever. "Been happening off and on," he says, neatly sidestepping the question.

But Tara's on the clue wagon now, and her eyes go really wide. "Spike?" she says uncertainly.

He rubs a hand over his face. "About three weeks now."

You and Tara exchange a glance that is equal parts scared and furious, and you know that she's also thinking about the fact that Spike's been around less than he normally is. So, it wasn't because of you, like you originally thought. It was because he didn't want any of you to see him convulse.

"Three fucking weeks?" you shout incredulously. "And you didn't think we should maybe know about it?"

"Faith--" Tara starts, but you ignore her.

Because right now you're picturing Spike falling to the ground and screaming, and some baddie or other taking advantage of the opportunity and staking him. Or the damn chip liquefying the parts of his brain that the bleach hasn't already turned to mush.

You can't be in this place without Spike, either, for entirely different reasons than with Tara. And in less than twenty-four hours, you've been faced with the possibility of losing both of them.

"You are not allowed to be in mortal danger and not tell us," you say to him, but your voice is thick and raspy, and you have to swallow twice before you can say more. "You're not allowed to take away our chance to stop it from happening."

Your words are met with matching expressions of surprise. And it's pivotal, isn't it? If they make a big deal out of your words--the emotion behind them--you might just back off. But they don't. Spike just leans back on the sofa in pain, and Tara just holds out her hand to you. They'll accept your words and actions for what they are. They won't make you uncomfortable and uncertain. Why the hell did you think otherwise? You can't remember now.

It's harder than you thought it would be, taking those few steps and putting your hand in Tara's, but you do it, and you feel way prouder of yourself than you probably should.

Tara tugs you down so that you're sitting next to her. "What--what can we do?" she asks. "I mean, this isn't something we can take care of magically. And I don't think the local surgeon can fix it."

"Don't know, pet," Spike murmurs tiredly, and you shrug helplessly.

Helplessness isn't something you like feeling. It usually sends you running off somewhere to either escape the feeling or find a way to do something. But escape isn't an option anymore, and you wouldn't even know how to do something about this. So you sit there, your hand in Tara's, and her other hand in Spike's.

A little while later, Spike dips to the side, fast asleep. Tara shifts slightly and lets go of his hand so that she can brush her fingers along the side of his face. Her back is partially to you, and instead of taking it as a rejection, you also shift.

Tara leans against you, drawing your arm around the front of her waist by way of tugging on your joined hands. Spike looks like he's in pain, even sleeping, and you wonder how much of an effort it's been taking him to pretend that none of this was happening. You and Tara didn't have a clue, and you don't think Josh and Olson do, either.

Speaking of which, you should probably call them. Dawn and Giles, too. She'll probably ditch school and come running to Sunnydale to help with the research. It's only fifty-fifty that Giles'll come to town to help. Yeah, you'll call them. But...not right now. No, right now is for the three of you to come to terms with it. Once you've all done then, then the others can come into the picture.

And it suddenly clicks. The people thing. It clicks loud and clear for you. You're actually doing something as you sit here doing nothing, and it's something important, something vital. You're giving and you're taking. Not just strength, but...comfort, too. The comfort of a presence, like when Tara used to have the nightmares and you stayed where she could see you. Like when Tara puts herself in the path of your flailing arms. Like when Stanley Butters talked to Gina.

It's so easy and you can't remember why you thought it would be hard. This is what it's about.

Something splashes on your hand. Tara's crying. All quiet like. You've never given much comfort, and when you have you've generally done it wrong. But Tara's been raining it down on you for months, day after day, one flinch after another as she reached out to you.

You pull her tighter against you and rest your cheek on her head. "It's going to be okay, Ta," you whisper.

"No it's not," she says, her voice husky with tears and anger. "That thing is kill--"

"Shh," you breathe, and you wrap your other arm around her waist, then reach up with it and take hold of her shoulder. It's like a hold more than a hug, but it's the best you can do in this position.

You have no idea if it's going to be all right, but the odds are against it. You rock her a little bit as you both stare down at Spike and you tell her again, "It'll be okay."

Tara falls asleep a little while later, her weight falling on you more and more. You lean back to get more comfortable and stifle a yawn, telling yourself that you'll stay awake. But it's pretty comfy, warm Tara draped over you, the soft sofa behind you, and you're fucking exhausted, so you actually do fall asleep.
*
11:30 AM - 5:29 PM

You wake up when Tara shifts, and when you open your eyes she's sitting up. "Hey," you rasp, and she turns to smile at you. It's a little bit sad, a little bit grateful, and a whole lot frightened.

"Hey," she whispers back. "I guess he really needs the sleep."

You nod. "He'll need the good stuff," you say abruptly. "I'll head over to Willie's and get some more later."

"Thanks," she says sincerely.

"I'm sorry. About before. With your hand. I didn't mean..." She doesn't cut in while you're trying to form the words, and you think she was probably more upset about it then she let on to Spike, because she generally tries to make things easier for you when you're struggling. "It wasn't on purpose, and I'm sorry. It won't happen again. Ever. I swear."

Tara studies you for a long moment, her gaze almost as intense as Spike's, and then she lets out a deep breath and nods. "Apology accepted."

Both of you sit properly on the couch, Tara's hand on Spike's chest. This time, you're the one to reach for Tara's hand, and she gives it as easily as she offered it, squeezing lightly in a reassurance. There's a long bit of silence before you say, "The Petries are moving out this weekend."

Tara looks at you. "Yeah?"

"They've got that three-bedroom place. Lots of closet space. A real dining room."

She frowns prettily. "Is that the apartment Olson made us paint in November?"

You nod and your eyes go to Spike. "He doesn't like living alone."

She squeezes your hand again. "And we don't like living without him."

"Speak for yourself," you snort. "Not a prize to live with. But since he's here all the damn time anyway...we just have to remember not to let him do any laundry."

"Like you're any better," Spike says suddenly, his eyes opening.

There's some bickering and teasing. Even a half-hearted growl from Spike. Then there are plans for the Pietries' apartment. New furniture is a necessity, Spike wants to paint his room some funky assed color, and you don't want any frills. Tara nods, but even she knows that you and Spike will let her paint everything pink and cover every surface with frilly doilies if she wants to.

After the apartment is decorated and stocked, the three of you fall silent. You don't think you're the only one who feels good, all the possible crap a little more--no, a lot more--manageable.

So it's time for the calls. Josh and Olson show up and you're in charge of mocking Josh for the moment of surprised tears he has when he hears the news. In the face the steadiness that is you, Tara and Spike, Josh and Olson have no choice but to calm down and actually think about solutions to the problem.

The three of you dominate the couch as usual, and Spike actually drags his sorry but to his side of the couch after you almost sit on him twice. Habits are habits, and he has his own side, damn it.

Spike starts whining piteously (that wasn't a word of the day--you stumbled across that in the dictionary one day when you had to look up perspicuous after Olson used it during a research session) and Tara, with a knowing look in her eye, goes about waiting on him hand and foot.

Everyone agrees to hold of calling Dawn or Giles until they've got some ideas to offer. You know that part of the delay is because no one's quite distanced enough yet to break the news to Dawn.

Things are going by quickly, and you feel like you're only getting the surface of it all, but that's okay. That's how you're all staying steady and calm. And when you can't anymore, you'll pick up the slack for each other. And maybe you do know what Tara means by family, and maybe it's worth the fear and the stress.

Tara's giggling because Spike is threatening to tickle her, and if he's in pain then he's not really paying attention to it. Tara scrunches up her nose in delight when you suddenly kiss her cheek, and Spike leers suggestively and invites you to kiss him, too, his pelvic thrust making it clear where exactly he wants that kiss. Josh rushes forward to give the kiss, and Olson slams his hand on the table and yells at all of you, which just makes the rest of you laugh.

Yeah, it's definitely worth it.
*
5:30 PM

This isn't yours. None of it is yours, and yet here you are. Living it, holding it, protecting it, fighting it, guarding it.

You feel a little more capable now. Maybe you don't have all the answers, and maybe you'll make a fucking lot of mistakes along the way, but you have the feeling that everyone will be pretty understanding, and they'll help you figure it out as you go.

It wasn't supposed to be your destiny at all, but now it is. Right or wrong, good or fucked up. It's yours and no one else's. It doesn't matter how unfair it is.

She should be alive. No matter what. But she isn't, and there's nothing anyone can do about that. No matter how many people might wish otherwise--and that includes you--this is how things are.

It might hurt, and it might be hard, and it might be the last thing anyone wanted, but what it comes down to is this:

Things aren't wrong. Not really. They're just not how anyone figured they would be.
*
Note: The next story in the series is "A Doe at Evening" and it's the Dawn story. It will take place during Elysium, The Red Macula, and also pick up at the end of this. So, there you go. All the Dawn you could ever want.

*
End.