Exposing Elysa Ch. 06.5
byAcidFlashback©

The early summer twilight lifted me out of a peaceful, sound sleep. I rolled on my side and wrapped an arm over my lover, cradling her small, soft body and savoring the warmth of skin on skin. It would be a while before my alarm called the day's events into motion. I gently cupped her breasts while my mind wandered.

Yesterday's adventures had exhausted us both, and we'd settled in together not long after dark. On Elysa's suggestion, we had taken the 'no clothes in the tent' rule a step further by disrobing at the car. We strode naked, slowly, across the campsite. Our hearts pounding, we walked hand in hand as the flicker of nearby campfires and the laughter of our neighbors danced around the lake. I wondered if any of the wandering eyes that had spied Elysa earlier were still watching. We took our time, pausing more than once to make out, finally crawling into our sleeping bag for one more session of serene and sensual lovemaking.

Stirred by my gentle touches, Elysa turned slightly and backed against me, nestling her bare bottom into my crotch.

"Goodmorning" she mumbled sleepily. "Mmm, you're warm."

We spooned, drifting in and out of slumber as the rising sun brightened our tent. Soon enough the alarm signaled. I sat up.

"Brr!" Elysa shivered. "Come back, you're so warm. And so hot." She reached out and ran her fingers up my back.

"I got a better idea." I turned to look at her with a devilish grin. "How about a sunrise swim?"

"What?! No, you're crazy! I'm already freezing." She protested.

"Dare ya!" I joked. "Trust me, it'll wake you right up. Plus, you'll forget all about the cold."

"I don't believe that for a second." She said, rubbing her eyes and propping up on her elbows.

I opened the tent, ignoring her protests. A silvery carpet of morning dew covered the dry grass around us. The crisp air made all my hairs stand on end. I loved a cold swim to get me going in the morning, and I hoped Elysa would be willing enough to give it a shot.

"Alright, we're gonna go on three. And once you start, just keep running until you dive in. No hesitation!" I grabbed her wrist, "Ready?"

"You're ridiculous!" Elysa chuckled, hesitantly rising to her knees.

"Onetwothree go!" I sprang out of the tent, practically dragging her behind me. She yelped my name and laughed as she followed. We sprinted down to the shore side by side. Her breasts bounced effortlessly as she ran. The morning sun drenched her skin in oranges and reds. Her shiny black hair trailed like a dark fire behind her.

Our feet slammed into the water, then our knees, the shock radiated through me as I plunged into the frigid lake. We both emerged with a shout.

"Wooo!"

"Aieee that's cooold!"

My heart raced, invigorated as much by the cold water as our nudity. If anyone was awake, their attention was certainly on us as we noisily splashed back to shore. We reached the car and I found two towels as Elysa wrang out the water from her hair.

Damn, Andy!" She said, her voice shaking slightly. "I hate to admit you were right, but I'm awake! And the cold wasn't even so bad!'

"Told ya so!" I replied. "Plus, I got you to run around naked again." I held the towel out, teasing her with it. She jumped forward and snagged it from me.

"Don't get cocky now." She scolded.

I dried off and slipped into a pair of worn denim shorts and a zip up hoodie. Elysa wrapped her towel around her waist and pulled a loose sweater over her body. The rising sun warmed our backs and dried our hair as we ate a quick breakfast.

I wiped the plates clean and packed up our food and gear while Elysa broke down the tent. I watched her walking to the car with our sleeping bag and pillows. In her sweater, with the towel around her legs past her knees, it occurred to me that this was the most covered up she'd been all week. As if she could read my mind, she pulled her towel off and folded it on top of her bag. Her sweater barely covered her crotch, with no more than an inch or two to spare. Her eyes met mine and she grinned.

"What? It's getting warm." she responded to my unsaid comment.

The car packed, we took one last walk down to the lake. I bent to splash my face and hands, savoring the cold clean feeling before a long hot drive, then rose and put my arm around Elysa. We stood ankle deep in the water and watched the handful of other campers going about their morning. I was sure they had seen our sunrise skinny dip, and suspected at least a couple had seen us walking around nude the night before. The thought excited me once again. I squeezed Elysa's waist just as I noticed a young man on the beach a few sites down. He waved in our direction. Elysa lifted her arm to wave back. Her sweater lifted along with it. His eyes went wide and we both realized she'd just revealed her bottomless body to him. I pinched her ass, and she twitched, dropping her arms in reaction.

"Hey," I said quietly. "What are the chances I can get you to ride all the way to Yosemite in nothing but that sweater?"

Elysa hugged me tighter. "Pretty good I think." She stood on her tiptoes to kiss me, baring her ass again, then darted off toward the car.

She settled into the passenger's seat with her legs criss-crossed and her sweater suggestively hiked up. I drove slowly down the dirt path toward the road, passing the other campsites. The young guy we'd seen on the beach was standing by his car, loading or unloading something. He looked up as we passed, his eyes locked on Elysa. She smiled innocently at him, waved, and gave a knowing wink. I grinned smugly.

"He saw your pussy." I said, less to remind her and more to titillate her.

"I know!" She replied excitedly. She smirked. "Bet he's gonna jerk off later thinking about it."

"Does that turn you on?"

"It does." She said with a distant, musical tone that suggested she was picturing it. She shifted in the seat and leaned closer. "It turns you on too, doesn't it?"

I placed her hand on the growing lump in my shorts. "What do you think?"



 