Out of the rear taxi window lay a semi-blurred reel of rural-esque subdivisions and housing communities, the suburbs of the suburbs, in a way. Stretches of green, broad swards of grassy field lined and punctuated by thickets of trees, nestled between stretches of quaint houses and neighborhoods. The occasional small farm appeared amid the scene, rarely large, but distinct in its shape and purpose. It was a beautiful place, not really the country, but not at all the city.
A few miles back there had been a picturesque little town, seeming quiet and serene, but not at all left behind by progress, containing a wide sampling of the latest stores and conveniences nested among the local-owned businesses and establishments. It had a rustic feel, despite the up-to-date appointments. According to the taxi driver steering his way through the magnificent landscape, less than twenty minutes away was a pretty large city, apparently well laden with every modern aspect and contrivance.
All of it seemed to Chloe like some kind of made up place, a fictional spot in America that only existed on TV or in movies. Almost too convenient to be real. Yet, her she was, whisking along through this seemingly fictional place, heading for an even more seemingly fictional situation that was just as real as this little community. Her stomach squirmed with a mix of excitement and anxiety as she thought about what was awaiting her just ahead.
In truth, it had all started with a female co-worker named Donna one night, a little more than a year and a half ago. In effort to make a new friend, Chloe had invited Donna over to her place for dinner and some general socializing. The two began drinking wine after dinner and, by the end of the second bottle, their conversation had drifted from idle topics to slightly more 'interesting' ones.
"Okay, well, probably my biggest, weirdest, fantasy is to have a guy..." Chloe blushed profusely at her own boldness, wine-emboldened or not. "Well, to have him do that thing you see in the movies, where they tie your hands to a headboard and have their way with you." She gave a little giggle, feeling a bit more courageous for her admission. "And, well, I think it would be interesting to...be spanked."
She burst into a fit of drunken giggles, feeling the heat of her beet-red face, but the wine made it more seem funny than actually embarrassing. However, Donna's grin held something else beyond mirth at the 'strange' fantasies. "You ever fantasize about taking it even further?" She asked enigmatically, catching Chloe's attention.
"Further?" A puzzled expression replaced her embarrassed one, curiosity drawing her in more than she might have expected. "What do you mean?"
Donna paused, considering her words, obviously somewhat less inebriated than her host. "I mean, are you just curious to be spanked a little playfully or do you imagine being firmly trussed and thoroughly spanked?" There was a deeply lurid way that she said the words, leaning forward with a sort of feline presence at the idea.
For a long moment, wine-soaked as it was, Chloe's brain seemed to muddle at the thought, but the more she considered the image, the more she found she did indeed like that thought. Had she been sober, she probably would have quickly balked and changed the subject, afraid of her own deeper desires. Thankfully, she'd lubricated her inhibitions enough to answer truthfully.
"That...that actually sounds kind of hot." She replied, a heady chuckle burbling out of her. "Wow, I must sound like a complete..."
"That was what I did last Saturday." Donna interrupted coyly, instantly derailing Chloe's train of thought. Taking a sip of wine to hide her smile, Donna's eyes danced with mischief.
From there, the whole conversation had turned towards that one subject, Chloe goggling at the tales of carnal sensations that Donna had experienced. As it turned out, she was part of a local alternate sexual community where most of general Chloe's fantasies would be considered quite tame and typical, almost boring. The more Chloe heard though, the bigger and more elaborate her fantasies became, an eagerness to experience the things Donna was describing filling her spirit.
Through it all, Donna and Chloe ended up becoming friends and Chloe learned more about herself than she'd ever realized there was to know. Her simple ideas of handcuffs on headboards and playful spankings in bed where quickly replaced with amazing spectacles of rope and the imaginings of having someone use floggers and paddles on her. By the time Donna took her leave, she's promised to introduce Chloe to this new world.
A week later, she brought Chloe along to a local 'munch', a tame social gathering, to meet people and become more acquainted with the community and 'BDSM'. Despite all she'd learned about the delights of BDSM during that earlier evening, by the time the gathering was over, she'd come to realize that she'd actually known almost nothing about what it really was. The width and breadth of it all was staggering, as was the unexpected focus on safety, consent, and etiquettes. More, she was amazed by the community itself, composed of people that she would never have expected to be into such things, a wide sample of all sorts of people, all as 'normal' as anyone else.
The munch had brought her into a whole new world, full of new friends. She found so much of herself among the community, gaining the confidence to freely admit to herself, as well as others, all the desires she'd kept hidden away for a very long time. She quickly identified herself to be what was called a 'submissive', a lifestyle term for someone who takes a subordinate position in a relationship. As a fledgling to the lifestyle, she came under the protection of a well-respected and older 'Dominant', which was the term for a person who takes the lead in a relationship, who went by Master Heron. Heron's submissive, Ellie, became a mentor and friend, helping Chloe learn many of the foundations of being a submissive in the community.
Heron's protection served as a sort of shield for Chloe while she safely learned the ways of the community, about etiquette, rules of safety, and became introduced to all manner of pleasurable things. She served him to some degree as a submissive, but their relationship was very much that of teacher and student. As she learned and grew, she began to realize that her truer wish was to be not just a submissive, but a slave. To be honestly owned by another. By that time, being a rather attractive woman in her late twenties, she had several men within the community that had real interest in taking her on as such, but Chloe's fantasy went deeper.
In its purest form, Chloe's fantasy was to be taken as a slave by a complete stranger, made into the image he wanted her to be. In this fantasy, she was sold at auction, given no choice in who purchased her. However, she knew that reality made such a pure fantasy unwise, if not dangerous. She'd initially intended to settle for a more typical arrangement, but an idea had come to her one day. She realized that there could be a compromise to her fantasy, one that would afford her both her desire to be taken ownership of without having a choice, but with the dangers of such a thing being greatly reduced. The key was Master Heron, whom she had come to trust deeply.
So, one night she sat down with him and explained what she wanted. He would find her an owner and Master, someone whom he could vet, but tell her nothing about. She wanted it to be someone outside their regular community, someone who he felt would take care of her properly, but who would honestly take her as a true slave. At first, Master Heron had seemed hesitant of the request, not fully comfortable making such a decision for her, but her earnestness finally earned his agreement.
For three months, he sought her a proper Master, telling her nothing of any of the prospects or considerations. It had been three months of anxiety and impatience for her, curiosity raging within her, but determined to ask no questions, seek out no details. Heron himself had seemed deeply focused to his task, his own anxiety always evident.
Finally, one night, he called on her at her place, Chloe opening her door to find the heavy-set older man standing on her doorstep, leaning heavily on his oaken cane. His expression was tight, but otherwise inscrutable as she asked him in. He'd gone straight to business, asking her to sit down upon her couch. He eased himself into a lounger facing her, hesitating a moment before he began speaking, slowly turning his walking cane in his hands.
"I think I've found someone." He said at length. "A Master for you."
Chloe was instantly elated at the news, but the look of concern on Master Heron's face quickly drained the excitement back down. "Thank you, Master Heron. I appreciate you doing this for me." She offered, hoping his dour expression was simply general sadness to see her leave his protection.
"Don't thank me yet." He said softly. "I've not fully made my decision on whether to agree or not. Before I do, I need to tell you a detail that you will have to weigh in on yourself."
The ominous nature of his voice made Chloe a little worried, but she doubted it could be anything too bad, or Heron wouldn't have even considered this as a possible option. "What is it, Master Heron?" She asked, leaning forward.
Heron took a deep breath before he replied, setting his gaze tightly upon her. "The man I have found is, from all I can tell, a very good man, someone who I think will take your desire to be a 'real slave' seriously, but who won't abuse that ideal. I think you'll be safe in his care. However, as part of that, he demands that you come to him with...nothing."
Chloe looked at her protector and friend with a puzzled look. "Nothing? What do you mean?"
"I mean, that you will have to leave everything behind. He will send you something to wear, but all else you must give up." He leaned forward a little, piercing her with his eyes. "And you will be leaving it very far behind." He said pointedly.
"What do you mean?" She asked.
"Chloe, this man doesn't live just 'outside the community', he lives several states away." He said, his deep brown eyes looking at her searchingly. "You'll be far, far from home, without anything to your name. You'd be starting completely over."
Chloe sat back and blinked. It was a terrifying thought, one that gave her some pause. She trusted Master Heron, and if he felt that she would be safe, she trusted that estimation. However, he was still just a man, fallible and able to make errors of judgement. If her new Master turned out to not be the man Master Heron thought, she'd be alone and with nothing, a stranger in a place where she knew no one. While she no longer had any family to worry about, she did have several friends, both in and out of the community, and this might mean never getting to see them again.
However, this too was part of the fantasy, having only her Master, having to start over and be rebuilt by that Master. Part of the fantasy was the gamble and the uncertainty of what her future would be, crazy as that might seem. As much as it frightened her to consider being so far away from everything she'd ever known, it thrilled her just as much for how it really seemed like exactly the sort of thing she wanted. Just the idea of coming to her new owner with nothing but herself made her feel a little aroused.
After several minutes of thinking, she rose and set a pot of coffee brewing, taking those extra few moments to be certain of what she was about to answer. As the coffeemaker began percolating loudly, she returned to the couch and fixed Master Heron with a firm look.
"I understand." She said with a nod. "And I still want to go ahead with it. I trust your choices and I can only assume that you'd even consider this man, despite these points, if you honestly thought he would be someone you'd trust. In fact, that you'd still consider him, with these downsides, makes me feel more confident that I want to do this."
"I'm not perfect, Chloe." Heron said, almost pleadingly. "I don't know this man beyond reputation and, ultimately, a somewhat perfunctory communication during the two weeks. I _think_ he will be a good Master, but I can't promise you of anything. This could be an extreme mistake. Considering his condition leaving everything, _everything_ Chloe, behind, I feel even a little more apprehensive about this."
Chloe took a long breath and exhaled, standing back up. "I know, Master Heron, but that's also part of it. I'd be disappointed if you could say with complete certainty. It would...diminish it a little for me, I think."
"And that's part of what I worry about, Chloe." He said, concern thick in his voice. "I've never been fully comfortable with this arrangement. I respect your desires, but I care about you. I don't want you to get hurt in this."
"I know." She replied, looking back at him kindly. "But this really is what I want. I _want_ to be purchased as a real slave, with nothing but myself to give. It makes it more real for me. I have thought a lot about all of this. I know my risks, Mas-- Mike. I want this, just like this."
She walked back into the small kitchenette and poured out two cups of coffee, fixing one just as she'd learned Master Heron liked it, and brought them back out to the living room. Heron was frowning in concern, but took the coffee with thanks. "Like I said, I haven't made my final decision yet, but I wanted you to give your say on this note. I won't send you halfway across the country without your consent."
"Well, then you have it." Chloe said, taking a sip of the coffee. "If you still decide against it, I will abide by it. It's your decision who you sell me to, just promise that you won't decide against it simply because of this or your own self-doubts."
Heron nodded. "They are your decisions, so I will take your choices in mind as I make my own." He took a long drink of the coffee before lowering the mug and smiling warmly at her. "I can't say that it won't be a hard decision, simply on the fact that I will miss you."
Chloe returned his smile and rose up from her seat to come kneel beside his. "I'll miss you too, Sir. I can't thank you enough for everything you've done and all you've taught me. I feel blessed that you took me under your wing."
The old man ran his leather hand down the side of her face and leaned down to kiss her forehead. Though their relationship had been as Dominant and submissive, he'd always been very fatherly to her, showing her more respect than she'd ever known. He was old enough to be her grandfather, but she saw him as something deeper than family. Leaving him and Ellie behind had been the hardest part of the whole choice.
A few days later, Master Heron effectively sold her to her new Master for a price she was never told, nor wished to know. Within the hour, she'd received an email from her new Master with a set of initial expectations. Among these was that she would come to him with nothing, as Master Heron had already told her. She would receive a parcel with an outfit that she could wear on her trip to him, but all else would be provided and paid for by him. She would be picked up by a taxi at the airport and driven to his house with only a letter, sent with the clothes, containing instructions for her arrival. Once she entered his house, she would belong to him, be his property to do with as he desired.
For Chloe, these were simply commands from her new Master, though they may have been intended as a final 'exit clause' should she have needed it. As promised, a few days later, she'd received a parcel containing a plane ticket, sealed letter, and the clothes she now wore, a simple white linen sundress, basic pair of white canvas shoes, and a pair of white cotton panties. Nothing else. She'd left everything else behind her, giving most of it away to friends, but selling much.
The money from what she'd sold had been put into a bank account, left in the control of Master Heron. It existed as one last safety net, at his insistence. Should she change her mind and return home, she would have money to start over. For Chloe though, the money no longer existed. She'd committed herself to this. To this insane, seemingly unrealistic, fantasy.
Nearly every friend she had in the community had expressed their hesitation of her taking this blind plunge, but she had to follow her heart. That did not keep her from feeling terrified as the taxi began to slow at the end of a long cul-de-sac. She could feel a tremor in her hands, a nervous quiver accompanied by a little voice in her head that yelled that she was mad if she left the safety of the taxi and didn't command the driver to return her to the airport, call someone to lend her money to fly back, and swear never to do something this lunatic again.
"Here we are, Miss." The cabbie said back to her, glancing at her in the rear- view mirror. "Hey, you okay?" She could see he was only now noticing just how nervous she looked.
"Yes sir." She replied, though she couldn't meet his eyes, even in a mirror. "Just summoning up my courage."
"Taking a big step?" He asked curiously.
"More than that, sir. I'm becoming reborn."
She stepped out of the taxi into a sweet breeze laden with the scent of sweet- gum and holly. Before her stood a drive cutting between two tall lengths of evergreen hedge, leading up towards a fairly largish two and a half story house set into the center a fairly largish lawn. It looked slightly Victorian, but modernized, well-kept and clean. The lawn looked neatly maintained as well, with a small flower garden to the side of the house. It was the only house in the cul-de-sac, the only house at this end of the street even. Though she could see the houses of neighbors further back up the way she'd come, the house seemed to have the whole area all to itself.
The sound of the taxi pulling away from the curb to start back made her jump a little, fidgeting as she watched it drive away. The voice in her head lamented that it represented her last chance to escape this crazy idea. Ignoring that voice, Chloe turned and started up the drive towards the house, withdrawing the page from the pocket of her dress that held her instructions upon arrival.
The instructions were few, really. Just that she was not to go to the front door, but around the left side of the house and through the small gate into the rear fenced in area. There she was to remove her clothes, fold them, and leave them on the provided chair in place of another page with more instructions. Doing as she was bidden, she strode up to the house, noting the beautiful gables and porch on the front, sensing that someone was watching her from one of the many windows.
She went around the left side of the house and quickly found the small gate letting her into the fenced in area. Within was a large rear yard. Dominating this end was a pool of some size and tasteful design, a smooth slate surface around the edges and forming a rear patio under a beautiful lattice overhang laced with purple clematis. Across from it, a vibrant sward of neatly trimmed grass and low plum trees made for a beautiful image. The pool was currently covered by a large canvas, but a small plastic kiddie pool, decorated with playful beach toy designs, sat on the patio. Next to it, on a deck chair, was a folded sheet of paper, held in place by a small padlock. She smiled at the lock, obediently disrobing and carefully folding the dress and panties. She sat the clothes and shoes on the chair, taking the paper and setting the lock on top of the clothes.
The page instructed her to use the kiddie pool and nearby waterhose, capped in a sprayer nozzle, to thoroughly wash herself. She found a large fluffy towel in the bottom of the pool, on which was a tiny bottle of shampoo. Following the directions, she removed the towel to the chair, half-filled the little plastic pool with water, and stepped into it and knelt down to bathe herself. The water from the hose was brutally cold, instantly making her nipples into hard little knots on the end of her breasts. Regardless, she thoroughly rinsed herself with the frigid water, then used the shampoo to lather her hair and rub the lather about her body.  
Despite the cold of the water, the slight embarrassment of being naked in some stranger's back yard, Chloe felt exhilarated. Her heart was thudding like a hammer in her chest, still anxious and nervous, but smiling and laughing. Somehow, this felt...right. She didn't feel like she needed to be afraid. There was a kind of playful feel here, yet also something commanding.
Once all the soap was rinsed away, she stepped from the kiddie pool and used the towel to dry herself. For a moment, she wondered if she should put the clothes back on, but the page had said nothing about doing so. For that matter, it had said nothing else at all but to wash herself. The thought that maybe there was some other instructions left nearby made her look around.
It was then she noticed that the rear door had been opened as some point. She felt sure that it had not been before she'd begun her task of washing herself, but now it sat partially open. A small note was attached to it with a little piece of tape, also something she was certain had not been there a moment before. She padded over to the door, feeling a chill air blow across her still damp and naked body. She leaned out to read the note.
'Come inside. Bring in the padlock with you.'
With a smile, she quickly moved back to the chair and retrieved the padlock, hefting it in her hand a moment before turning back towards the door. For a second, she felt certain that she had just caught sight of someone at the door, but it had been just the slightest flash of movement, not enough to be certain it was anything but her imagination. Taking a breath, Chloe walked to the door and entered into the house and into her new life.