"We've finally caught a break," JJ said, coming into the conference room. "I've got Jenny Kael freed up from her most recent assignment. She's even agreed to cut her hair. Haley said we could use her van, so we're going to put Jenny in to stand in for Haley. We've got cooperation from one of Haley's neighbors, who's a retired police officer. He's got a stack of mail he'll hand over to Jenny when she gets there, and they'll have a loud conversation about Jack being at camp."

Derek felt a thrill of adrenaline go through him. This could be the break they needed. If Foyet was holding out for Haley so he could kill her while Hotch watched, he would make his move after Agent Kael got in place.

"Good." Dave was nodding. "It explains why the house has been empty for the past day, if Foyet's been watching the place. We step up the appearance on our investigation in DC, give him the illusion of security."

Derek nodded too. It was a good plan. "We need to get people in place in the neighborhood."

"It's going to be tricky," Dave said. "Foyet knows what we look like." He was frowning.

"There's been no reports of a suspicious vehicle in the area?" Derek asked.

"Nothing."

Derek shook his head. "Where's he been holding Hotch?"

"We'll find him," Dave said. Derek had lost count of how many times Dave had said that in the last two days.

JJ's phone rang. She answered it, and after a brief conversation, she turned back to them. "Jenny's almost ready to head in," she said. "We've got her looking as much like Haley as we can, and they've given Haley a Bureau car to drive while Jenny has her van. How are we going to set up surveillance?"

"Foyet has to know we'd talk to her," Dave said. "Derek and I will head in to see her shortly after she arrives. We'll make our presence known, then we'll go. Hopefully we'll keep his attention, and that will give Reid and Emily a chance to set up some discreet surveillance of our own."

Derek shot a look at Dave, but he didn't bother arguing. He knew it wouldn't get him anywhere. He didn't want to spend time with Dave alone, but he wasn't going to jeopardize the investigation because of his personal feelings. That would just send home the point about intra-team fraternization, anyway.

Derek called Haley's house and left a message on the answering machine, saying that he'd like to talk to her at her earliest convenience. Jenny Kael knew to expect it, and once she had settled in as 'Haley', she would call Derek. It would be the signal for them to go in, and that would start Emily and Spencer's window to get in place for surveillance.

They'd gotten lucky and found a neighboring home that was for sale. The real estate agent was more than happy to cooperate with the FBI. As Derek steered the SUV towards Haley's house, Emily and Spencer prepared to get in place.

"It wasn't about blowing off steam," Dave said quietly. They weren't far from Haley's house.

Derek tensed. "Is this really the best time?"

"Probably not, but it's the only time I know you won't run away."

"Don't even start with me, Rossi," Derek said. Dave made an unhappy noise and Derek sighed. "Fine, Dave. But don't try to out-macho me. You and I both know that sleeping with a man doesn't make someone any less macho, and you're not going to make me feel that way."

There was a pause, then Dave said, "I wasn't trying to." Shit. Derek realized he'd given something away with his words, even if he wasn't sure what Dave thought he now knew.

"Yeah, well, don't think it'll work. Just drop this. We were both exhausted and needing something last night, and I'd been drinking. It won't happen again."

Again Dave hesitated before speaking. "We did both need something. So maybe last night was partly about comfort. That's fine. But I didn't push you into anything, so I'd appreciate it if you'd quit acting like I did. You kissed me first."

It was undeniable, unexplainable truth. Derek didn't know what had possessed him to do it. He'd just been so damned angry about Rossi's attitude, about the thought of Rossi and Jordan Todd, about the way Rossi seemed to notice everyone but him, seemed to acknowledge everyone's talents but his...

...And Derek knew damn well that that wasn't even fair, but he was tired of introspection. "This is her place," he said, gesturing at a house halfway up the block. "Is this conversation done?"

"For now."

***

Jenny Kael was a pleasant woman and seemed to be a capable agent, Dave thought, even if she did look too much like Haley for his taste. He didn't really appreciate her subtle flirtation with him, though, since he was trying to get Derek to realize that this wasn't a competition between them. Then again, jealousy had been what motivated Derek to act the night before. Maybe it would make a difference today too.

As they left Haley's neighborhood, Dave was on the phone with Spencer and JJ, making sure they'd gotten surveillance set up all right, and going over their plans. He borrowed Kevin Lynch from another team and sent Garcia home--albeit to an empty bed--to get some rest. He told JJ to go home and kiss her son and fiancé. He told her he and Derek would be back at their hotel from the night before, and to contact them if anything about their situation changed.

"We'll reconvene at seven," he finished. He could see Derek watching him, but he just listened to JJ wish him a good night, then flipped his phone shut.

"I'm not going back to the hotel with you," Derek said.

Dave rolled his eyes. "You might as well. Your door probably hasn't been repaired yet. I promise not to attack you in your sleep."

He didn't miss the way Derek tensed at those words. "I didn't think you would," he said.

"Good."

"Fine."

"All right."

Derek swore. "Who's feeding my dog while Emily's on stakeout?"

"Relax. She said she gave a neighbor a key months ago to water her plants, so the neighbor agreed to give the dog a walk."

Every excuse exhausted, Derek was left no other choice but to nod. Feeling happier about that than he ought to, Dave pointed the SUV towards the hotel.

When they got there, Derek raided the minibar without looking at Dave, then sprawled on the bed that had been left empty the night before. He emptied two bottles into his glass and took a sip, then looked over at Dave defiantly.

Dave had expected some sort of display, so he was able to keep from reacting. He had stopped just inside the room to take his shoes off and put them in the closet, so when Derek looked over at him, he just looked back calmly. He held Derek's gaze for a long moment, then unbuttoned his shirt and pulled the shirt tail out of his pants. It took some doing to hide the frustration he was feeling, though.

He couldn't understand what was going on with Derek. His reactions to Dave had alternated between hot and cold since the beginning, so that part didn't really throw Dave. It was more the way Derek seemed to entirely shut out any possibility of further intimacy. What made the man tick? He'd thrown himself at Dave the night before, then obviously regretted it this morning...but why? He wasn't the sort of man who seemed to have many regrets at all; Derek Morgan was the sort of man who didn't waste time on regret. He acted on his regrets and turned them into opportunities. Dave recognized it, because that was the sort of man he tried to be himself.

Never mind that he often failed. Never mind that he'd racked up more regrets in his fifty-three years than Derek had probably ever imagined in his thirty-eight. Never mind that there were three ex-Mrs. Rossis who could testify to the fact that Dave often failed in turning regrets into opportunity. It was still the man Dave wanted to be.

"You want to tell me what I did wrong?" Dave said finally. He kept his voice quiet and calm, hoping Derek wouldn't take it as an attack. He really wanted to know what he'd done wrong. He wanted to know if there were any way to fix it, because he'd enjoyed the sex, and he'd frankly loved falling asleep with a strong, sated man in his arms. He enjoyed working with Derek, and he thought they could have a good partnership outside of work as well as professionally.

"Nothing." Derek's voice was flat, but not hard. There was a warning there, but Derek must be trying not to argue. Dave was torn between letting it go and pushing. And he'd never been one to back down.

That meant backing down was probably the right response in this case.

He shrugged and went to the minibar, getting himself two bottles of scotch. "All right." He poured himself a glass, then glanced over his shoulder at Derek. "You didn't do anything wrong, either, Derek."

Whatever reaction he'd been expecting, it wasn't the one he got.

Derek bolted upright on the bed and threw something at Dave. "Fuck you, Rossi," he bit out. Dave ducked automatically as an empty mini bottle bounced off his shoulder. "Fuck you and fuck your damn Italian stud routine, and fuck your God-damned fucking attitude!" He rolled off the bed and Dave stayed half hunched over, watching him warily, but Derek stalked into the bathroom and slammed the door.

Dave blinked several times in utter bafflement before he heard the shower go on. Finally he sighed and shook his head and took a long sip of scotch. What the hell. If he couldn't beat him, might as well join him. Even if it meant they both ended up working hung over in the morning.

Neither of them should be drinking. Not with Aaron's life on the line. But then that was precisely why they'd needed the comfort of each other last night, and Dave supposed that was precisely why they needed the comfort of alcohol tonight.

"God damn it," he muttered, and considered getting another room. He ought to just leave Derek alone.

By the time the bathroom opened, letting out a cloud of steam and the smell of the strong pine-scented shampoo Derek used, Dave had consumed both mini bottles of scotch and had switched to bourbon.

"How is it you get into people's brains like that, man?" Derek said, his voice angry but somehow warm too. He'd walked out, wrapped in a towel, to stand over Rossi's bed. "What is it you've got that keeps people like Jordan Todd paying attention to you? What's so fucking special about you?"

"I have no idea," Dave admitted. He sighed and sprawled out on the bed, looking up at Derek. "You're the relentless one."

Derek snorted and shook his head, looking away from Dave. "I didn't want this," he said. "I wasn't looking for this." He walked away and curled his fingers around his glass. "I was just fine with one-night stands and girls I barely knew."

"Were you?" Dave asked wryly. Derek just looked back at him without answering. Then again, Dave wasn't sure it needed an answer. They both knew better.

"You piss me the hell off, Rossi," Derek muttered. "Stubborn bastard."

"Relentless showoff," Dave countered, but his eyelids were lowered, and he knew the expression on his face was warm as he looked over at Derek.

After a long moment, Derek sighed. His anger seemed to be gone, but Dave had no idea what had replaced it. "What the hell," Derek muttered, and tossed back the rest of his drink. Then he walked over to the bed, pulling his towel off. "Fuck me, Dave. Show me what it is you're lookin' for in me."

The sight of the towel unfurling from Derek's waist and dropping to the floor had sent a curl of lust through Dave's groin...but Derek's words inspired a sudden crisis of confidence. Dave didn't even know what he was looking for. How could he show Derek anything? But Dave knew that refusing wasn't an option, even if he'd wanted to...which he didn't.

He finished his drink too, because a little Dutch courage never hurt anyone. Then he sat up and reached for Derek.

Derek's fingers didn't shake as he tugged Dave's clothes off. Derek's lips weren't hard or hesitant when they touched Dave's. His body didn't shy away from Dave's. In fact, his lips were pliant as they kissed. His thick, gorgeous cock stood out proudly from his body. His hands smoothed over Dave's biceps, his fingers curled in Dave's short hair. Dave wasn't sure what, besides the lack of anger, made tonight so much different from the night before.

But it was.

They'd been kissing and touching and rubbing against each other for a good half hour when Dave finally broke the kiss and rolled away, panting. "What is this, Derek?" he asked quietly. God, he wanted Derek. He wanted to wrap his arms around the younger man and lay him back against the bed and show him just how completely Dave worshiped him. But not like this. Not when Derek didn't seem...present, somehow.

Derek didn't bother to deny it. "You don't have to stop," he said quietly.

Dave shook his head. "This isn't like last night," he said. "This...this isn't what you really want."

"You keep trying to convince yourself that you know me," Derek said. "But you don't, Rossi."

"Rossi again," Dave noted sadly. He wanted Derek so much it hurt. He wanted to take Derek in his arms and promise that whatever he was afraid would happen between them, it wouldn't. Someone must have hurt you very badly, he thought.

Derek said nothing.

Dave sighed. "Look, let's just get some sleep," he said. "We've got a long day tomorrow."

Derek was silent for a long moment, then nodded stiffly and started to sit up. Dave reached out, resting a hand lightly on Derek's arm.

"You don't have to go anywhere."

It took another long hesitation, but finally Derek nodded and lay back down. He reached out and flipped off the light as Dave pulled the blankets up over them. After a while, Dave shifted closer and slid an arm across Derek's chest. "Sleep," he murmured, and did his best to follow his own advice.