Katiebug’s Worst Nightmare Confirmed
by LisaCass

Katie and Jim’s cuckold journey.

Katie had accepted the fact that her British husband Jim was into some rather kinky things. His fetish for domination and exposure were sometimes exciting but more often humiliating and degrading. She had no idea the worst was yet to come.

Jim had spent the last couple of days cleaning out the back storage room in order to create a makeshift studio. Both he and Katie were determined to pursue their chances at a modeling career however they struggled with the cost of studio time. The room was perfect, they just needed to remove everything first. Jim's idea of a yard sale wasn't half bad. Get rid of all the old stuff and make a few pounds at the same time.

The weekend was approaching and Jim had spent most of his time sorting and pricing the items over the last few days. They were all arranged on makeshift tables in the front yard in preparation for the big sale. Katie noticed he recently seemed distant and in deep thought while he worked. Maybe it was the process of selling his memories, a lot of the items were childhood toys. Maybe it was something else, she just didn't know. Whenever she inquired, Jim would just say he was busy, that's all. Katie had no idea Jim's childhood memorabilia would not be the only thing on sale this weekend.

Katie continued to help with the preparations for the weekend, however the weather forecast wasn't looking good. A North Atlantic storm was moving in that could really ruin the event. By Friday afternoon it was almost certain the winds and rain would wash out the sale. The advertising money had been spent and they both hated the thought of cancelling. Jim thought, there's a lot of space on the front porch, let's just set up the tables there and do the best we can.

Actually this worked out better for arranging the events of Jim's ultimate plan for the sale. Weeks ago at the pub, one his good friends had commented on how lovely his wife Katie was. That he was such a lucky bloke to have her every night. That's when the thought entered Jim's mind, what would it be like to watch his wife with someone else. The picture in his mind excited him as the pints continued to flow late into the evening. Before he went home a deal was struck. Katie would be sold to the highest bidder as long as Jim was allowed to watch. His friend would pass the word to some of the other guys in town that also fancied a roll with Katie. The auction was set, Jim's journey as a cuckold would begin this weekend.

The morning of the sale was finally here and as expected the weather was dreadful.

The wind blew the rain almost sideways and within an hour both Jim and Katie were almost soaked even standing underneath the roof. Business however, had been exceptionally good Katie thought. Even with the awful weather there were dozens of customers. Surprisingly, a lot of Jim's friends had also dropped by as well. Several purchased some items and they all chatted Katie up for a bit making her day far more pleasant than it could have been. She felt a little embarrassed that the rain had mostly soaked her hair and clothes but no one commented about her appearance even though her nipples and thong were clearly visible under the damp fabric of her t-shirt and shorts.

As the day wound down, Jim slipped inside to make a call to Dave, the high bidder. The lucky boy was from just three houses away and Katie knew him well. The complete opposite of Jim, about 90 kilos of pure muscle. His job working construction along with time in the gym had sculpted his body into that of Greek god. The plan was for him to return right before closing to buy something he forgot, but he'd also stay and help them clean up.

By the time everything left was inside and the tables put away, all three were completely drenched from head to toe. As Katie counted the money they made, Jim went to the bath for some towels and unbeknown to Katie, her collar and leash as well. Jim returned with two towels but promptly stepped out again to find some more. To Katie's surprise, Dave reached behind his head and pulled his soaking shirt straight off exposing his muscular chest and abs. As he began to dry himself Katie felt a warm surge of dampness not caused by the rain. She always loved it when boys removed their shirts that way. It would automatically send her swooning.

His next move shocked Katie, suddenly he stripped off his jeans and was standing in front of her in only his Calvin's that were also soaking wet. The fabric wasn't completely see thru but there was little left to the imagination, he was huge. Katie's jaw almost hit the floor, she couldn't even move. When he finished drying off and looked up, Katie was still staring, her eyes almost bulging out of her head. She didn't notice that Jim had returned to the room and flinched when he grasped her shoulder from behind. Jim too, was only clad in Calvin's and holding her collar and leash in his other hand.

Before Katie could comprehend what was happening, Jim fitted her collar and holding her forearms began to kiss her passionately. For a moment she relaxed and returned the kiss but her mind quickly retuned to Dave and why was he still here? She broke the kiss and pushed back looking into Jim's eyes for an answer. Without a word he handed the end of the leash to Dave and released his wife.

Katie's head was spinning and before she could object Dave spun her around, grasped her forearms in the same manner and planted a wet sloppy kiss right on her lips. Katie's body betrayed her again and she partially returned the kiss till her mind registered her current situation. Was Jim suggesting a three way, or worse did he want to be a cuckold and just watch? As Dave continued the passionate kiss, Jim moved in close behind and began to pull Katie's shorts down over her hips.

Her mind began to race, what on earth did she do now? As soon as the kiss ended, she felt both of them pressure her down to her knees facing Dave's huge bulge. Katie was at a loss for words, she couldn't image this is something Jim wanted, it's was like time was frozen as she stared at Dave's cock. With Katie's leash in one hand he released his manhood from the soaking wet boxers. At least 8" semi erect Katie estimated, and incredibly thick. Larger than she'd ever seen. He gave it a couple of strokes for good measure so that Katie got a real good look at what she was about to endure. Just as she began to object the sensation of Jims hands on her head guiding it forward to Dave's waiting member made her realize, he really did want this to happen.

That moment of distraction was all it took for Dave to force the tip past Katie's lips and fill her mouth, his uncut foreskin subsiding against her lips as he pushed deeper with each thrust of his hips. Katie knew she couldn't possibly swallow him whole yet she also knew he was going to try as the tip continued to work it's way deeper into her waiting throat.

Dave's hand replaced Jim's, controlling her head as he continued to fuck her face but the words he spoke confirmed her worse nightmare. "Ok cucky boy, we don't need your help anymore. Sit down and enjoy the show." Dave's hips gave one final thrust pushing his cook all the way down Katie's throat till his balls appeared to hang from her chin. The explosion of cum almost choked Katie to death. Some spewed out her nose and the corners of her mouth but for the mother load, Katie had no choice but to swallow. As Dave pulled out, Katie gagged profusely spilling more cum all over the rug.

Dave lifted Katie's spent body to her feet and when she was able to stand unattended he turned his back and led her on the leash to the master bedroom. Still trying to catch her breath her objections when unnoticed as Jim rose from his viewing spot on the couch and followed the pair a few steps behind. He took a seat at his desk and promptly removed his briefs so he could stimulate himself to the action that was about to take place.

Dave took the collar of Katie's t-shirt and promptly ripped it in two and shredded the remainder of the shirt with ease. As it fell away from her torso the cool air hit her damp nipples causing them to harden instantly. One was soon covered by Dave's mouth as he kneaded and sucked at her perky tits. She was unceremoniously pushed back onto the bed, her leash was connected to the bed post hook, and Dave grabbed one of Jim's ties from the nightstand and tightly bound her wrists.

As Katie regained her composure she tried to squirm across the bed only to have herself pulled back by her ankles to the edge of the bed. "Sorry, lassie, we're not even close to being finished yet." Dead silence followed, Katie felt almost paralyzed as she gazed up at Dave's body hovering above her. The next sound was her Calvin's being ripped apart and the remnants thrown across the room into Jim's lap.

Dave grabbed Katie's ankles and spread her open as he lowered his head between her silky thighs. In no time she was moaning and squirming to the rhythm of Dave's tongue flicking her clit. Jim had never heard his wife make sounds like this before as Dave's tongue slipped into her slit and he sucked hard on her lady lips. The next event shocked Jim even more, as Katie convulsed and squirted a gusher into Dave's mouth. Her hips bouncing up and down on the bed, completely out of control for what seemed like an eternity.

Katie was still soaking wet, but now from sweat, not rainwater as Dave moved in above her and planted another passionate kiss on her lips. Jim was rethinking his decision at the same moment Dave positioned the tip of his cock in line with Katie's pussy and forced the head in. Her eyes sprung open and she felt herself being stretched to new limits. Dave steadily pressed the entire 8 inches into her waiting womb. It was too late now Jim thought, as Dave positioned Katies arms above her head and began to thrust, forcing her thighs wider and wider.

Finally, Katie simply wrapped her legs around Dave's tight ass and allowed him full access to her pussy. The sensation was both mesmerizing and addictive. How was she ever going to be satisfied by Jim after being ravaged by this monster cock. Jim sat quietly at his desk, stoking his cock and contemplating his decision to allow himself to get into this situation.

The action got more intense when Dave flipped Katie over and lifted he ass into the air. Being filled from behind made Dave feel even larger that before as Katie released again in waves. She began to wonder if her iud could handle the onslaught that was about to come when Dave released his seed. If she did finally get pregnant, who's child would it truly be? After a few more

strokes she felt Dave tense and his cock started to spasm filling her womb with wave after wave of steaming cum. This was enough to drive her over the edge again and the combined orgasm was the most intense Katie had ever experienced.

Afterward they both lay spent on the bed still coupled for several minutes until Dave turned her head and kissed her gently one final time. Dave rose and headed for the shower leaving Jim and Katie alone. Jim, naked on the chair covered in his own cum. Katie, prone on the bed, Dave's cum dripping from her well used pussy. "So did you get to see what you wanted cucky boy?" Her words stung Jim's ears, did he really get what he wanted or did he open Pandora's box by treating Katie to the ride of her life.

As Dave returned from the shower he dropped the towel in Jim's lap, his huge cock hanging inches in front of his face. "So Jim, same time next week?" Jim couldn't even muster the breath to answer and then his worst nightmare came true. "Absolutely" chimed Katie. "I can't wait."
