A Bad Influence
by Maguppy Puppy(C)


Tara Reid was a bad influence on Lindsey Lohan.

At least that's what the tabloids and the celebrity web sites had been saying. Lindsey had been the wholesome Disney girl until she had filled out and started hanging out with Tara. Now every night was filled with clubbing, drinking, smoking and other things the paparazzi's cameras didn't catch.

* * * * *

The door to Tara's huge hotel room opened and the blonde and red head entered the room, laughing loudly as they stumbled in. They had been out at the clubs for hours and they were definitely buzzed.

"Did you see all those guys staring at my tits," Tara said as she shut the door.

"Yeah, I did," Lindsey said as she let herself fall back onto the long sofa, her large breasts bouncing under her tight pink tank top as she landed. "That boob job has really been working for you. I'll bet your boobs are almost as big as mine now."

Tara walked over to the sofa. "Almost? Bitch," she said as she sat down next to Lindsey's head, "I made sure that they were bigger than yours when I had them done." She pushed her breasts up with her hands to emphasize them and leaned over Lindsey's head. "See?"

Lindsey laughed as she pushed Tara's chest away. "Get those things away from my face! You might poke my eye out!"

The two girls laughed together again. When they stopped, Lindsey spoke up again. "So what's this big surprise you have for me tonight?"

Tara sat up and brushed her long blonde hair out of her face. "It's not here yet but it should be coming soon. Trust me, it's gonna be worth the wait."

"Well, it better get here soon," the redhead said as she let out a yawn, "'cause I'm about ready to pass out."

"Don't worry. Your going to be wide awake once it gets here. This surprise is huge." Just as she said this, there was a knock at the door. "That should be him right now, in fact." Tara jumped up off of the sofa, and Lindsey sat up.
"Him?" the redhead asked but Tara didn't answer her. She heard Tara open the door to the hallway and say "Oooooh, I'm so glad that you made it!" Lindsey heard Tara give the person a loud kiss. "C'mon, I want you to meet a friend of mine." Lindsey watched as Tara came back around the corner followed by the tallest, most muscular black man Lindsey had ever seen.

"Lindsey, I want you to meet Jerome," Tara said as she introduced them. "Jerome, this is Lindsey."

"I know Lindsey," the black man said as he stepped towards Lindsey and took her hand. Her small pale hand disappeared into his large dark hand as he shook it. "I'm a big fan of yours, Miss Lohan."

"I'll say," Lindsey said as her eyes roamed over his wide muscular chest under his shirt. "You are definitely a big fan..."

Tara walked up beside Jerome and wrapped her arm around his large bicep, her newly huge breasts pressing against it. "I think that Jerome is being too modest, Lindsey," she said with a sly smile. She moved her leg so her thigh rubbed against his thick leg. "I think that he's probably the biggest fan you have. In fact, I can honestly say that I have never seen a bigger fan." She put her hand on Jerome's chest and skid it down over his stomach, feeling his pronounced abs.

Lindsey was getting kind of hot watching her friend rub up against this huge black man. "He's very muscular," she said. "Especially his upper body..."

"He's very muscular all over," Tara said. She made sure that Lindsey was watching her hand as she slid it down past his stomach and moved over his crotch. It moved down his inner thigh and then she wrapped her fingers around the immense bulge in his pants. "Very, very muscular," she said as she gave the bulge a squeeze. She gently bit her lower lip and smiled again at her friend on the sofa. "Would you like to see how muscular he really is, Lindsey?"

The red head starlet sat there speechless as she ogled the bulge. It looked like it ran almost all the way down to his knee. "That's not... That can't be real," she said as she leaned a little closer to get a better look.

"It's all me," Jerome said as he chuckled.

"There's only one way to be sure though," Tara said as she stroked the bulge in the pants. "Why don't you check for yourself, Girl?"

"I don't know," Lindsey started. "I've never..."

"Come on," Tara teased her. "You know you want to peek. Just a quick peek at least."

Lindsey finally gave in and wordlessly moved to her knees in front of Tara and Jerome. She had her face inches away from the bulge when Tara reached down and took Lindsey's hand. She placed her friend's hand on the bulge and held it in place.
"Doesn't that feel nice, Lindsey?"

Lindsey wrapped her fingers over the bulge and her eyes widened. "It's as wide as a water bottle..." She ran her fingers over it, caressing the bulge back and forth. "Huge," she whispered to herself.

"Lindsey," Tara said to her friend, "you better stop teasing poor Jerome and take a look, otherwise he liable to rip right out of those pants."

Lindsey looked at Tara and nodded her head. "Okay." Her fingers went up to the button of Jerome's jeans and she started to undo the pants.

Tara let go of the black man's arm and knelt beside her friend. "I want to be able to see the look on your face," she said as she placed her hand on Lindsey's thigh.

Lindsey pulled the zipper down and then started to pull down his pants and boxers. She slid them down until she saw the thick root of his cock. "Oh god," she said, looking at the first exposed inch. "That's really thick..."

Tara's hand gave Lindsey's thigh a gentle squeeze. "Keep going. You haven't seen anything yet, Girl."

Lindsey did and every inch she exposed made her mouth drop open a little further. Eight, nine, ten inches were showing and she couldn't believe it. She passed the twelve inch mark and paused again.

"Keep going, Linds," Tara told her. "Keep going."

She pulled the pants down another two inches and exposed the big head of the cock. It finally broke free of the pants and quickly sprung forwards and upwards. Lindsey was surprised by it's movement and the cock slapped against her face. The hot head felt like it burnt her and she slapped her hand to her cheek. "Oh," she cried out and then felt that her cheek was wet. She looked at her hand and saw a clear liquid on her palm.

"It's precum," Tara said as she took Lindsey's hand again and this time licked the precum off of it. "Mmmmm," she moaned softly. She saw Lindsey staring at the immense cock before her like she was in a trance. "So, I take it you like your surprise, Lindsey?"

The redhead looked to the side of the cock and saw it was almost twice as long as her head was wide. "It's huge," she said as she looked closer.

"Fourteen inches long," Tara said with a grin. She watched Lindsey look at it a little longer before she got impatient. "Well, stop staring at that cock and do something with it, Girl!"

Lindsey blinked as her friend spoke to her. "Sorry," she said in a daze. Both of her hands went up and gripped the thick shaft firmly. Her slender fingers couldn't quite reach all the way around it and they barely covered a third of its length. She lifted the cock up and looked at the orange sized balls hanging underneath of it. "Oh my..." She began stroking the cock and got a bit of precum on them from the head to help lubricate the shaft. Tara fondled his huge balls and Lindsey worked the shaft. She fondled it for several minutes, running her hands over its length, when she looked up to Jerome. "Are all black men like... this," she said as she nodded towards the monster cock.

"No," Jerome said down to her, "I'm a special case."

"He's very special," Tara said as she gently kneaded his balls, "and that's why we need to show Jerome how much we appreciate his special cock. Do you want to show him how much you appreciate it, Lindsey?"

"Yes," Lindsey whispered as she looked down the length of the cock. "I do."

"Then kiss it," Tara instructed.

Lindsey leaned forwards and placed her lips on the head of the cock, kissing it softly. She giggled as she leaned back and then licked her lips, tasting the salty precum on her lips.

"Good," Tara said. "Now suck it, Lindsey. Suck that huge cock."

Lindsey looked at it again and hesitated. "I don't know," she said to Tara. "I don't think I can. It's too big for me."

Tara let out a chuckle. "That's what I thought the first time too. I know it can be pretty intimidating... Here let me show you," she said as she grabbed the black cock and pulled it towards her. "It's hard, but trust me it's worth it." She positioned the cock towards her face and darted her tongue out, licking a dab of precum from the slit. The cock jumped in her hands and she looked up at Jerome. "You like that? Good. Let's see if we can't show Lindsey here how to handle a cock like yours." Tara leaned in and began licking the length of the cock, coating it in her saliva. When she was satisfied with the slobber job she looked at Lindsey. "You want to make sure that you get it nice and wet," she said, "so your lips will slide over it nice and easy."

Lindsey watched in amazement as her friend took the cock and wrapped her lips around the head of the cock and began sucking on it. She watched Tara take more of the cock into her mouth and listened to her moan around the cock. Watching it was really turning her on and she could feel her pussy getting sopping wet. She hadn't worn a bra tonight (neither had Tara) and her nipples were erect with arousal and pushed out at the thin material of her top.

Tara let the cock slide out of her mouth and then moved beneath it to take one of the huge balls into her mouth. She sucked on one, covering it in drool, and moved to the next ball. She jerked the cock as she slobbered on his balls, moaning loudly.

Jerome was moaning now too, and he put his hand on Tara's shoulder. "Why don't you let Lindsey take a swing at it now," he asked.
Tara dropped the ball from her mouth with a 'pop' and then gave Jerome a little pouty face. "I suppose," she said. She playfully pulled the cock further away from Lindsey and then let it go, making it swing towards her like a baseball bat.

Lindsey grabbed the cock, letting it slap into her hand. She began slowly licking the length of the dark cock, looking to Tara and Jerome for approval.

"That's it," Tara said as she slid closer to Lindsey. "Get it nice and slick, then you can take it in that pretty little mouth of yours." Tara licked the opposite side from Lindsey and the two went back and forth like they were playing harmonicas, coating the cock. They both heard Jerome's moans grow louder as they did this and both girls smiled as they licked.

Tara stopped licking. "Okay, that's good. Now suck that cock, Lindsey."

Lindsey pulled her head back and opened her lips into a wide 'O' before she place them over the plum sized head of the cock. The head alone felt like it filled her mouth, but she felt Tara place her hand on her back, coaxing her to try and take more. Lindsey gripped the shaft as she tried to take more in her mouth. She wrapped her tongue around it savoring the feeling of the hot cock stuffing her mouth. She had never been with a black man before. She had blown plenty of guys before and fucked quite a few, too, but she'd never seen anything like this cock. She knew that she was never going to be able to take the entire thing in her throat, but she was going to try to take as much as she could. She looked down the rest of the cock not in her throat and her eyes crossed as they tried to see the whole thing. She backed her head off to take a breath and then went down on it again, taking an inch more into her lips. She reached around and grabbed his ass to help her get more in her mouth, pulling him forwards.

While she was doing this, Tara went back to his balls and began sucking on one and hefted the other in her hand. Her other hand started jacking the shaft again as Lindsey sucked on the head.

Jerome was in ecstasy as he watched these two beautiful Hollywood starlets going to town on his cock. He had met Tara at a club several weeks ago and fucked her at least three times a week since. When she offered to introduce him to Lindsey, he jumped at the chance. He'd had plenty of women, some of them famous, but this was the first time with two celebrities at one. They looked so hot as they inhaled his cock and balls that it wasn't long before he felt that familiar rumbling in his balls. He let out a groan and Tara recognized his signal. She began playing with his balls a little rougher and jacking him faster.

Lindsey had no idea what was 'cumming' and had the head deep in her mouth when the cum began firing into her throat. He had already fired off three shots, coating her throat and mouth in thick white cum, before she was able to pull her mouth off of the cock. She gasped for air as the cock fired again and again, splashing cum against the pale, freckled skin of her face. The cum continued to spray, coating her face and running down her neck and into her deep cleavage. The cum finally stopped flowing and Lindsey had to wipe the sticky coating off of her eyes before she could open them. "Holy shit," she said, cum rolling out of her mouth. She opened her eyes to see Tara smiling but with a hungry look in her eyes.
"Let me help you clean some of that off," the blonde said as she let go of the huge cock. She leaned towards Lindsey and stuck her tongue out, taking a long lick of cum from the redhead's cheek. She swirled it around in her mouth, swallowed it and went back for more. She began licking Lindsey's face clean, her tongue roaming over her cheek and then flitting across her friend's lips.

Lindsey sat in shock as her friend gave her a tongue bath. She gulped and swallowed the cum that remained in her mouth. The flavor was hot and salty, but she could see why Tara was so eager to clean her off. Lindsey leaned her head back as the blonde moved to her neck, making sure to get every drop of cum off of her and into her mouth. Lindsey let out a gasp as Tara finished with her neck and pushed her face into Lindsey's tits, her tongue fishing for more of the white goo. Lindsey leaned back as Tara attacked her cleavage with her tongue and Tara leaned over her, her tits brushing against Lindsey's tight stomach. She felt like her pussy was going to explode and no one had even gone near her it. Just when she thought that she couldn't take anymore, Tara sat back, her face slimy with spit, sweat and cum.

"I love this man's cum," Tara said as she licked her lips. She looked at Lindsey, her nipples poking at her shirt and the damp spot at the crotch of her pants, and laughed. "It looks like you're enjoying your first black cock."

Lindsey was still leaning back on her elbows, wishing that Tara had gone a little bit longer diving in her tits. She took a deep breath and said, "Yeah. You could say that." She looked back at the cock above her. "Woof. Now I know what those big balls are for. I thought he was never going to stop cumming..."

Tara laid down next to Lindsey. "So, do you think you're ready to take this thing in your pussy yet, Linds?"

The redhead trembled at the thought of trying to shove that monster into her tight pussy. She looked to the cock and then back to Tara. She debated what she should do, wondering if she could take it in her little pussy. In her mind, she saw the huge black rod plowing into her little pink pussy. Even if she could take the fourteen inch cock, would her pussy ever recover? "I think that I'd better take a shower," she finally said, deciding that she wanted to keep her pussy tight and in tact. "I'm feeling kind of sticky right now."

"Good idea," Tara said with a smile. She helped Lindsey to her feet and then grabbed Jerome's hand.

Lindsey started off towards the bathroom, but her eyes went wide as she heard her friend say, "Come on, Stud. Lindsey says it's time for us to take a shower." Lindsey thought of being naked in the tiny steamy shower stall with Tara and Jerome and began to wonder if Jerome could just fuck her with just a little bit of his cock....

* * * * *

Lemme know what you thought of the story, what you liked and what you didn't.

Authors love feedback, so drop a line.


Maguppypuppy@yahoo.com
