"Good morning to you all, it's 6:30 am and it's set to be a beautiful day." Sam woke up slowly, grumbling to herself about the absurdness of getting up so early on a Sunday especially the day after her 18th birthday. Sam was not a morning person and these early starts for this stupid extra curriculum project were starting to give Sam the shits. It had to be done though. The more extra curricular activities Sam did relating to her art work would mean more chances she had of getting an art scholarship and getting the hell out of this life.
Now reading this you may think that Sam was just an average middle class school girl, wishing that some day she could get out of her small town and head out into the big wide world. You couldn't be more wrong. Sam was the daughter of Emily and Parker Montague, two of the biggest names in America's social whirl and worth Billions. Her father was an oil tycoon and had then made further millions in the stock market and investments. So why you may ask, was Sam so desperate for a scholarship when it is quite clear that Sam could afford to go to any University in the world. Well, that was the whole problem. Both of Sam's parents expected Sam to go to a University of their choice, join the sorority where of course, she would become the president in her first year, study some boring pointless course, then get married and forget she had a brain. This was not Sam's idea of a life at all. All Sam wanted was freedom.
Sam was the complete opposite of what you would expect of a socialites daughter. She rebelled at every possible turn. As soon as she was old enough to make a scene, she refused to go to any functions that her parents wanted to drag her to. She would purposely act as rude and obnoxious as possible to her parents friends and would take pleasure in chasing and tormenting the other children. A couple of times doing this and she no longer had to go anywhere with her parents. Sam hated dressing up, preferring jeans and tee-shirts to skirts and dresses. To piss her parents off, she always bought cheap and daggy Kmart and Wal-mart clothing (not that there's anything wrong with that) and as a child would rip up and dirty anything nice she wore. After a while, her nanny stopped trying to get Sam to wear pretty dresses, resulting in Sam's entire wardrobe consisting of black, white, brown or gray tee-shirts, pants and jackets. Sam didn't care what anyone thought about her. Even at school Sam refused to wear the girls plaid skirt and white blouse, opting for the boys cream trousers and shirt. Although this caused a bit of an uproar at first, Sam wouldn't let up, and because she was such a good student the Dean turned a blind eye. Not that Sam's parents cared. When they realised Sam didn't fit into their idea of the 'Socialites Child' they ignored her. By the time Sam was 12, she was without a nanny (the last one having quit), without parents and had to learn to fend for herself. Because of all the rejection and sadness in Sam's childhood she had grown into a loner, preferring the solitude of her room when her parents had parties than conversing with all the other guests. The same thing happened at school, with Sam seeking out the peace and quiet of the art room during breaks from class. It's not that Sam was a snob, far from it. She hated the falseness and stupidity of her world, where most thoughts on her fellow students minds were the latest fashion trends, who you needed to be with to be seen, who had the most millions and the latest teen heartthrob on the big screen. Although Sam was occasionally teased by the Princess trio, as she called them, the three most popular and bitchy girls in school, the other students left Sam alone. She didn't belong in their world, so they wanted nothing to do with her.
Sam refused to go to a college like her high school. She wanted to go somewhere where she could paint and draw, somewhere where she could talk to some one and actually have an intelligent conversation, somewhere where she would be free of her parents disdain and quiet disapproval, somewhere where she would actually be loved.
As Sam dressed for school, half listening to the radio, she heard the newest spiel about Chase Major, the latest teen heartthrob and his new movie 'Texas Rangers'. Sam had heard a lot about him lately, as her father had invested in the movie. "He's a good enough actor as actors go", Sam thought to her self, and even she had to admit that he was an absolute hunk with his dark brown eyes and hair and a bronzed body to die for, but he had been rapidly sucked into the Hollywood world, and Sam had no time to bother about party boys like him. She had an art gallery to open.
Grabbing an apple for breakfast on her way out, Sam headed to her car, school bag in hand. As an extra curriculum project, Sam was responsible for single handedly opening an art gallery at her school to display the students work. Although this wasn't Sam's idea of fun, it would look good on her scholarship application. Of course, being the school it was, this wasn't going to be just some small, hang the prints on the wall and leave it at that shindig. This was a huge, orchestra, champagne and formal wear party that was expected to have over 300 guests. Not only did Sam have to worry about the placement of the art work and the lighting, she had to organise invitations, caterers, waiters, bar staff and to top it all off, she was expected and had to wear a formal dress for the evening. Sam would just as soon not be there opening night, but she was expected and Sam had to make it look good on paper. As Sam roared out of the driveway, she didn't realise that soon, her lonely life was about to change.

Chase sat down wearily at the airport, waiting for his flight from Texas to Los Angeles. "So once you've finished your interview on KBBM radio you have a live television interview with Beth Stevens for 'The Today Show' at twelve, then on to an interview with Mike Waters at one thirty for 'Movies with Mike', that will be shown later tonight, then at three..."
"Jack please, can I just have a bit of a rest. I've barely slept all week, I really can't take this in right now." Chase had already visited New York, Texas, Alaska and Canada within the last week and was now going to the city of Los Angeles to promote his new movie, 'Texas Rangers'.
"Well you'd better snap out of it champ, because we still need to visit Australia, Europe, Asia and the UK."
Chase loved making movies. He had been acting nearly his whole life, joining small drama clubs and putting on plays until at fourteen, he was spotted playing Jake Malloy in a small Broadway production by Geoff Keller, the president of Keller Films. That had started Chase's film career off and Chase had loved every minute of the filming. What Chase hated was the publicity that went with it.
Oh sure, he liked the attention, most people would. What Chase hated was the falseness that accompanied Hollywood. When his fans flocked out to see him, they didn't see who Chase really was and they really didn't care. What they saw was the latest character he'd played or the latest product he was endorsing. Chase's career had been a whirlwind to say the least. He was thrown into the deep end with his first movie, playing one of the main characters and from there went on to star in his next three movies. At nineteen, Chase had spent the last five years living out of a trailer, working absurdly long hours and was about to run out of steam.
"Jack, I need a break."
"What are you talking about, of course you don't need a break, we have so much..."
"I'm serious Jack. I want to take at least three weeks off or I'm not signing any more contracts for further movies."
"Come on Chase, I know your feeling a bit drained. You've just finished filming. But we have to promote, that's part of the job."
"I realise that Jack, and I've been promoting the shit out of this movie, but man, I haven't had a vacation, or even a break from scheduling for five years. If I don't have one soon I'm not going to be able to keep on going like this. I'm nineteen for Christ sake. I want to be able to act like a normal teenager for once. Look, the movie doesn't come out for four months. Give me three weeks off and then I'll still have three months to promote it. That's still plenty of time."
Jack was stressing out. He liked Chase. Hell they were good mates despite the age difference. But Jack was meant to keep Chase to a strict schedule. If he didn't, his boss would have his hide. But at the same time, Chase had been looking almost sick the last few days. As Jack sat there thinking, he had a brain wave. That pain in the ass Montague's wife had offered for Chase to stay with them while they were at their country estate. By Jack's calculations that invitation was for the next few weeks. Knowing how much Chase disliked Parker and especially Emily Montague, Jack could offer Chase the invitation, knowing it would be turned down.
"Well Chase, I guess if you really feel like you need a break we could organise for you to have a few weeks off. The invitation to stay with the Montague's in the country still stands. Other than that I don't really know where you could go that would be reasonably private."
Chase inwardly grimaced. He hated the Montague's. Emily was an empty headed idiot and Parker was an interfering fop. But at the same time, if this was the only way he was going to get a break, he wasn't stupid enough to say no.
"Okay then Jack. Send word to the Montagues that I would be happy to stay with them."
Jack looked at Chase, absolutely stunned. His little plan had backfired, and now he was going to be screwed. Still, if he went right to the top and spoke to Keller, he might be able to keep his job. Keller had been the one to discover Chase after all and had always had a soft spot for the boy. Knowing that he couldn't back out now, Jack put on a smile and turned to Chase. "Right then. We'll go to L.A. and do this promo, then I'll reschedule all your other appearances. I'll ring the Montagues in the plane to tell them you're accepting their invitation." Hopefully, Chase would get so sick of Emily that he would want to come back early.
Chase settled down in his seat, a smile on his face. Finally he was going to get some peace and quiet.

Sam drove up the road towards the mansion in her battered 4WD. It was a hunk of junk, but Sam had worked for a whole year at McDonalds to raise money to buy a car. She wasn't about to accept any hand outs from her parents, not that they would have given her any anyway, so this was the only car she could afford. Still, it ran well, got her from A to B in one piece and Sam loved it. It was one of the few things in her life that didn't let her down.
Sam was on her three week vacation from school. As usual, she was heading to Winchester, her parents country estate. Sam came here every holidays to unwind and get away from everything. This was the one place where Sam actually felt comfortable. Plus, this is where her best friend lived. Warrior was her ten year old stallion. Jet black in colour, he was a descendant of the war horses used by knights in the earlier centuries. Most people were petrified of him and his full eighteen hands. At two years old, he was going to be put down due to his vicious temper and tendency to attack without warning, but on one of the rare occasions that Sam was allowed to accompany her father, she found herself face to face with the great horse while her father was looking for some new stock. As Sam looked at the horse fighting against his harness, she felt no fear and reached out to pat him. As her hand touched his chest, Warrior calmed down immediately. Sam knew they were meant to be together and asked her father for him. He was so preoccupied with the horse he was looking at, he didn't really give Sam a second thought and just said yes to get her to go away. So Warrior became Sam's and they had been together since. Besides Mac, the old stable keeper at the estate, Sam was the only one who he would permit to touch him, effectively keeping her father from trying to sell him. Sam loved Warrior more than anything in the world, and was always amazed that he was hers.
As Sam reached the house, she drove round to the back of the stables. Leaping from the car, Sam ran to the paddock fence and blew a high pitched whistle. Warrior came galloping up to the fence, whinnying with excitement. Sam and Warrior had not seen each other for three months, and he had missed his friend. Sam threw her arms around the big horses neck and buried her face into his mane. She was finally in the one place she considered home.
Mac watched Sam with Warrior. He was always amazed that a mite of a girl could win the trust and love of that horse. "Welcome back Miss Sam."
Sam turned towards the old man, pleased to see him. Mac had come over from England when he was just a boy and had been looking after the stables since her grandfathers day. Sam loved to listen to him talk, as he had never lost his Cornish accent. He was the closest thing to a real family that she had. "Thanks Mac, how's my boy been doing?"
"He's just been fine Miss Sam. I 'ad a feeling you'd be up today."
"How did you know?"
"Warrior was too exci'ed to eat this mornin'. That's a sure sign you're coming down. He always knows." Mac chuckled to himself. The big horse loved his food, so something big had to be going on to stop him from eating.
"Well, I've always said I have the smartest horse in the world."
"Miss Sam, I don't know if you'd already be knowing this, but we 'ave a problem."
"What?"
"Your parents are 'ere."
"What, they never come down here during my holidays. They know I stay here when I'm on break. What the hell are they playing at. We have an agreement that we're never in the same residence except for when they stop off at the town house between whatever they're doing."
"I know Miss Sam, and believe you me I was as shocked as you, but it gets worse."
Sam grabbed the halter hanging on the gate and put it on Warrior. She hadn't planned to go for a ride until tomorrow morning seeing it was so late and she had been driving for the past three days, but with news of her parents arrival, she had to get away for a while. "How could it possibly get worse?"
"Your parents have invi'ed a guest to stay 'ere. That's why they're in residence now, so you'd be 'ere when that guest arrived."
Sam grabbed Warriors saddle and bridle from the tack room and dropped it over his stall door. Picking up a brush, she started to give him a quick groom. "Why, are they trying to marry me off or something?" Sam said jokingly. "Since when have they ever wanted to introduce me to any of their friends?"
"Since their guest is that new 'ollywood star. What's that name Betsy told me. Memory's not what it used to be. Chase Major, that's it."
"What?" Sam was dumbfounded. Why the hell would Chase Major want to stay with her parents.
"Your Mother and Father invi'ed Chase to stay with them a while back I believe. He only accepted their offer bout a week ago but he's due tomorrow. I expect your parents were thinking it might be nice for him to have someone his own age to talk to. I know you don't think much of your parents, but they aint stupid. Even they must realise how it will be for a nineteen year old having to spend all his time with two grown-ups."
"Yes, especially grown-ups like Parker and Emily." Sam always called her parents by name. As far as she was concerned, they didn't deserve the titles Mother and Father. "Well if they're looking for a baby sitter they can think again. I have enough to do with organizing this damn art gallery from here without having to spend my time looking after Hollywood's newest golden boy. He accepted their invitation, not mine, so he'll have to damn well put up with them."
Mac looked at Sam sadly. He knew all about Sam's relationship with her parents, hell, he'd helped to raise the girl, but it made him sad that Sam hated her parents so much. Sam looked at Mac's face and felt guilty. He was only trying to warn her what to expect and she had taken her anger out on him.
"I'm sorry Mac. I didn't mean to get mad at you. I'm going to take Warrior to the bottom pasture and work him out a bit. I'll be back in an hour or so. Maybe the ride will help me to calm down. I'll see put Warrior to bed, so don't worry about waiting up for me. I'll see you tomorrow."
"Okay then Miss Sam. You be careful now." And with that, Sam mounted Warrior and rode away. Mac inwardly cringed. This was going to be a very interesting three weeks.