Lauren waited in the lobby of the jewelry company. Paula was due to be out of her design meeting any minute and then they would go back to the house to get ready for Omaha. Tomorrow was a travel day – a day Lauren hated just as much as Paula. Lauren would be happy when they stayed in one place for a while. She missed her friends and family. She missed going to church every Sunday and sleeping in her own bed.

Paula's phone began to ring. She'd given it to Lauren for the duration of the meeting and she saw Simon Cowell's face pop up on the screen. The name above his grinning mug read "Cuddlebug."

"Barf," Lauren said to herself before answering. "Miss Abdul's phone!"

"Lauren!" Simon said, his voice loud enough that it drew the receptionist's glare. Lauren turned away from her.

"Hi Mr. Cowell," she said dutifully.

"How is my favorite assistant today?" he asked.

"Dandy," she said. "Paula isn't here right now but I'd be happy to..."

"I called to talk to you, love," he interrupted.

"Then why did you call her phone?" she asked, confused. "Because you knew she's in a meeting!"

"Anyway," said Simon. "I heard that Paula is on the early flight to Nebraska tomorrow. Be a dear and move her to my flight."

"Uh, she and Mr. Jackson were planning on using the flight time for a business meeting," Lauren said. "I also know you already asked her yourself and she said no."

"Are you her assistant or her guard dog?" Simon asked. "Look, my lovely coppertop of a walking date book, I hate flying alone. Do Simon a favor?"

"But you aren't alone. I believe Mr. Seacrest is on your flight," Lauren said.

"If you could, in the future, be slightly less informed...." he muttered. "I will give you anything, Brenninger, just do this."

Lauren sighed.

"And in case you didn't hear that, it was me sighing loudly," she said into the phone. "Give me an hour, I'll see what I can do."

"Kisses!" Simon said, his voice syrupy with sarcasm. "Bye."

Where had her life gone terribly wrong that she was forced to have conversations with this man?

"Dear Jesus," Lauren said to the ceiling. "Is it me? Is Simon Cowell a plague on my soul?"

"Should've been a Jew," Paula said. Lauren jumped, not realizing that Paula had come out of her meeting. "Did he call about the flight again?"

"Yes," Lauren said, not small hint of bitterness in her voice. "I was stupid and answered your phone." She placed the phone in Paula's well-manicured hand. Most of the time, maintaining Paula was just her job. Sometimes, like now, she was struck with how glamorous Paula really was. She was beautiful, distractingly so, and Lauren had to shake herself out of it before they could continue.

"Did you tell him to mind his own business?" she asked, as they headed for the car.

"Sort of?" Lauren said. Paula glanced at her.

"Does that mean no?" Paula asked, handing Lauren her jewelry portfolio so she could unlock the Mercedes.

"I said we'll see," Lauren said, putting everything in the tiny trunk. It was such an impractical car but Paula loved it. Lauren drove a Prius, of course. When she'd mentioned it to Paula, she'd responded, "Who am I? Cameron Diaz?" And it had been the end of the car discussion. "I was thinking of changing his flight to yours instead."

"Si hates early flights," Paula said, bringing the engine to life. Lauren buckled her seat belt hastily while Paula tore out of the parking lot.

"Well I hate him calling me every two hours," Lauren said. "Also, maybe it would be good for you to postpone your business meeting with Randy until you get to Omaha."

"Why?" Paula asked.

"Well, I won't be there to take notes for one," Lauren said. Paula looked at her blankly.

"You're not coming to Omaha?" Paula asked.

"I'm coming on the red-eye, remember? It's my brother's birthday? He's turning 30." Lauren swallowed. "If you want, I could try to cancel...."

"No," Paula said. "I remember." She chewed at her lip. "Well if you aren't going to be there I guess it wouldn't be bad to change me to Simon's flight."

"Are you sure?" Lauren asked. "Because let me just point out that it would be giving him what he wants and you hate that."

"I know," she said. "But he's going through such a hard time right now..." Lauren held up her hand.

"Consider it done," she said. She texted Simon from her own phone this time. She knew he had the number; he'd called her enough, always trying to get Lauren to maneuver Paula without knowing he was behind it.

Your wish is my command. Enjoy your flight.

oooo

Paula didn't particularly like flying. It was scary and boring all at once. Being trapped in a small space was no one's idea of a good time, and doing it hanging dangerously above the earth didn't help. Ever since that flight so long ago with Emilio, the one that ended with a concussion and landing in a cornfield, she has just hated flying. Ryan was asleep in the row behind them. Beside her, Simon was dozing with his head against the window.

She tapped his shoulder and when he didn't stir, gave him a good shove.

"What?" he asked, not even bothering to open his eyes.

"I'm bored," she said.

"Go to sleep like the rest of us," he snapped.

"You harass me and Lauren for days to get me on a flight so you can ignore me? I don't think so, buddy," she said. "Wake your ass up and pay attention to me."

"Good lord," Simon said, sitting up to face her. "I would have let you stay on your own flight if I'd knew I'd be flying next to the queen of PMS." To his benefit, he looked like he regretted saying it as soon as the words exited his mouth. The look on her face must have betrayed only a small portion of the hurt she felt at his words.

"Fuck you," she said and stood up. She took her bag and moved out of their row, plopping into the vacant seat next to Ryan.

"What?" Ryan asked, sitting up, startled. He looked at Paula – her arms crossed, her tight jaw and red cheeks. "Oh."

"Man makes me crazy," she seethed. In front of them, Simon had already snuggled back down into his seat.

"Is it because he likes movies and you like TV? Or because you make the bed and he steals the covers?" Ryan asked with a big, toothy smile.

"First of all, shut up you nerd. Secondly, OPPOSITES DO NOT ATTRACT. I lied, okay?" she said, loudly. A few of the other passengers looked over toward her and she smiled at them nicely. A 'nothing's wrong' smile.

"I wish you two would just have sex and get over it," Ryan said. Paula smacked him in the arm.

"I hate both of you. I should have stayed on my own flight. I wish Lauren were here," she said. Lauren was really good at feeding Paula comebacks for Ryan and Simon. She could be in Omaha already, or at least on the plane with Randy getting something productive done instead of seething.

"Sorry, I'll stop teasing," Ryan promised. "You know Simon he's just pulling your pigtails."

"Scalping me, is more like it," she said. This finally drew Simon's attention and he stood up with a sigh and came to stand in the aisle in front of her. "Go away."

"I didn't mean to hurt your feelings pet," he said, getting down onto one knee theatrically. "I was wrong."

"Duh," said Paula. "You can't just treat me like your other women, Simon. I'm not your American Jackie. I'm not your friend because it's convenient."

"I don't think that," he said. "I don't!"

"Yeah right," she said. "Just leave me alone."

"Paula, my darling, come back to your seat. Come to Simon," he begged. A flight attendant appeared smiling nervously.

"I'm going to have to remind you that you need to stay in your seat Mr. Cowell," she said.

"Of course," Simon said. "But only if the princess comes with me."

"No," she said.

"Go with him," Ryan said. "Go kiss and make-up. You know he's an ass, who doesn't mean what he says and that you're his favorite. It's a long flight. Don't drag this out." The flight attendant glanced around nervously. The other passengers were watching unabashedly with smiles. It was like an episode of Idol in their own plane.

"You see? You're my favorite girl," Simon said. "I'm sorry."

Paula relented.

"Okay," she said, standing. The passengers clapped a little and Simon threw them a wink. The attendant disappeared when they were all buckled back in their seats. Simon pulled her feet up so they were across his lap and ran his hands over her smooth, tan legs. He tugged so she was cuddled up against him. Why did she allow this contact? This fight and make-up routine they did weekly, sometimes daily? Why did she give into him? His t-shirt was soft against her cheek and he drew little circles on her shins with his fingers.

"There now," he said. "You're my girl."

"Hmph," she said.

"I don't think of you as the American Jackie, love," he said. "Do you think that?"

"Maybe," Paula said.

"I tried with Jackie, but things didn't work there. And we are good friends, but you and I are something special. You know that," he said. He kissed her head and left his nose buried in her hair for a moment. She felt him breathe in. "Only one Paula."

"Okay, okay, you're forgiven," she said with a laugh. "Stop charming me, I can't take it."

"Good," he said.

"Can't we just skip the fighting?" she asked. "For one trip?"

"But then we can't make up!" he exclaimed. "Making up is the best part."

"GET A ROOM," Ryan said from behind them.

"Shut it, Seacrest," Simon snapped.

oooo

Paula saw Simon daily when they were traveling or holding court in auditions, but for the past six years, she never saw him during the in between days. They had just got back last night from Atlanta and Paula had a rare Sunday to herself. Lauren had Sunday's off – she liked to go to church – and Paula had no scheduled commitments. She had plenty of work to do around the house but nothing pressing; nothing that required her to leave or take off her pajamas. She planned to lounge, to play with the puppies, or maybe to lay in the sun by the pool with a trashy novel.

But first, she was going to dance.

The basement was just wooden floors and mirrored walls. Two of the walls had barres installed and there was a state of the art sound system but other than that, it was just space. She was warming up, stretching her legs on the barre, when her cell phone rang down by her foot. She was surprised to see it was Simon. He rarely, if ever, called her on the off days. Curious she answered, turning on the speaker and setting it back down.

"Hello?" she said sweetly.

"Hello," he said. "It's me."

"Who is me? I have so many beaus calling, it's hard to keep track," she teased.

"Naughty girl," he said. "Come see my new house in Malibu. It's finished today."

"I'm busy," she said.

"Doing what?"

"Dancing," she said. "And possibly resting. I haven't decided."

"That isn't busy," he whined. "Come with me, we'll have dinner and there's a private beach. You can dance there."

"Simon, I don't know," she said. "You of all people know how rare a day off is."

"I'm coming to get you," he said, and he hung up. It wasn't that she didn't want to go, but Simon always had such selfish expectations of her. He said jump and he expected her to jump. He could come if he wanted, but she had plans to dance for at least an hour and she was going to do it.

She didn't hear him come in, almost thirty minutes later, but she caught his reflection in the mirror. He was watching her. She'd worked up a pretty good sweat now, but wasn't ready to slow down yet. The music was loud, a heavy beat she could move to. If he wanted a show, well, she could give him that. She went to the music and paused it.

"You're not ready," he said.

"You told me once you wanted to see me live?" she asked. He shook his head, not understanding. She pushed a few buttons and suddenly "Crazy Cool" began to play.

The first dance that Paula had choreographed for this song had been bounced back to her by MTV and then by all of the other networks that aired her music videos. The notes had read: too sexy, too explicit, too raunchy and, her favorite, too out of character. So she'd toned it down. But now, with just Simon she decided to do the real dance that went with the song.

But as she started to move she realized it was less dance and more... well, strip tease. Paula had learned in dancing that less is more and always dressed in layers accordingly. The first thing to go, with a pop of her hips, was her sweater.

Simon had realized what she was doing and searched desperately for a chair. Something to catch him when his knees went wobbly and gave up the fight of holding his weight. Paula was a tease, it was something he liked about her, but this was taking it too far. He leaned up against the wall behind him. The sweater hit the floor. He could see a strip of her stomach; her belly button peeked out and he couldn't stop looking at it.

It wasn't even the loss of the layer that was so tantalizing, but the shocked look on her face afterward, like it was her first time doing something so naughty. If she was innocent, he was a bloody angel. Her hips were moving now and the things she could do with her feet were actually quite impressive. She was a very good dancer.

Now she was in a white tank top that was being stretched to the max by her bust line and a pair of stretchy navy pants. Her thumbs found their way under the waistband and she shimmied out of them.

Simon groaned. Underneath the pants were black, lacy panties and a firm ass that was currently waggling in his direction. She stepped delicately out the pants and kicked him to him. Next came the white tank top, over her head and flung at his. It was slightly damp, and smelled like her perfume and the scent that made her Paula; something unique that couldn't be bottled. He put it to his face to hide the grin. This was the best day ever. Under the tank top had been the matching bra, lace and a few strategic solid patches of material that hid the very good parts. There was nary a tan line on the girl – she was just tan, brown skin and dark lace. As the song ended, she did the same saunter that had ended the video and then she was giggling and shutting the stereo off.

Simon dropped the tank top and grabbed her shoulder. He spun her around and pinned her against the mirror so fast that she squeaked. The glass was cold against her sweaty back and he could already see it fogging behind her head. He pressed his body against hers and leaned into her ear.

"That was mean," he whispered and licked a bead of sweat that had gathered at her jaw off his face. She gasped.

"You just want what you can't have," she said, her voice a little breathless and lower than usual.

"Are you what I can't have, Paula Abdul?" he asked, leaning over and swiping the other side of her jaw with his tongue. She, unconsciously she would later argue, leaned her head over to offer him more access. To Simon, this was an invitation. He pressed his lips against her neck hotly and wrapped his arms around her waist. She felt his teeth nip her skin and he pushed his knee between her thighs. She whimpered a little at the contact.

"Simon," she said. "We should..."

"Yes?"

"Stop," she said, pressing her hands against his chest. "We should stop." Simon stepped back, released her from the wall and she picked up her discarded clothes and fled the basement.

"What just happened?" Simon asked his reflection.