Best Laid Plans (Chapter Fourteen)

Willow awoke slowly, afraid that she was going to open her eyes and find herself alone in her bed at the Summers’ house, afraid that the last couple of days had been nothing more than a really weird (and ultimately really hot) dream.

But no, that couldn’t be, because she was wrapped in a pair of very cool, muscular arms...and she was naked. Plus, so was whoever was holding her and it was most certainly a he. So, yeah, the last few days had actually happened. Last night really had been filled with the sexiest sex ever and Angel was really there, really hers. She felt like shouting “Hooray!” Not wanting to disturb her bedmate, however, she kept the jubilation silent.

He, though, was already awake.

“‘Morning, sleepyhead.” Angel released his hold so she could stretch, then turn to face him.

“Good morning, yourself.” She gave him a light kiss and tried not to worry about what her morning breath might smell like.

“Did you sleep well?”

“Mmmm...yeah.” She stretched again, carefully, making sure she didn’t accidentally hit him in the face or anything.

“Me, too.” This time he kissed her; it was considerably more than a peck.

He stopped before they both got too carried away and Willow had to admit she was kind of glad of that. As much as a part of her would very much enjoy starting the morning off with a replay of last night’s festivities...well, the spirit was willing, but the flesh was weak. And sore. Very, very sore.

Willow wouldn’t change it for the world, though. As achy as her body felt, each twinge brought back memories of kisses and touches and...all kinds of neat, sweaty fun and...she was really getting into this whole pain thing, huh? Oh my. Who knew? First she finds out she’s bi and the next thing you know, she’s into S&M. Well, maybe not S&M exactly ‘cause the costuming looked way too Vamp Willow for her taste and besides, she wasn’t too sure she was into quite that level of pain...but she was definitely not sweet little Willow anymore.

Angel’s nostrils flared. “Do I need to ask what you’re thinking about?”

“Um...no, not really.” Her skin reddened as he looked into her eyes. Oh gosh. She hated having to shoot him down, so to speak, but she was really not capable of making love again so soon. Her body was not equipped to match vampire stamina.

“It’s okay, Willow.” Wait a minute. She hadn’t said anything yet. And again he makes with the freaky intuition. “I’m not pushing. You need more rest.”

“I’m sorry, Angel. I’m sure once I get used to...you know...with a guy again, with you, I mean, then I will be able to...It’s just, you know, it’s been awhile and...I’m pretty much human and all and...oh gosh, you must be really frustrated and disappointed.”

He smiled at her and pulled her into his arms, her head laying against his chest. It was strange not to hear a heartbeat, but she was surprised by how much it didn’t bother her.

“It’s fine, Willow. It’s not a problem. Believe me, last night was wonderful enough that I can wait for more. And besides, sex isn’t the only thing you have to offer.”

“Really?”

He tapped her nose gently. “Willow, you’re not the kind of girl a man uses for sex. You’re far too special for that.”

Willow felt a bit crestfallen. Okay, yes, technically, that was a compliment, but...

“Whatever am I going to do with you?” She looked up into Angel’s face as he spoke.

And that didn’t come out of nowhere at all. What the heck did he mean by that? And perhaps asking said question would be a better way of getting the answer than just silently wondering.

She didn’t get the chance.

“I want you, Willow. Badly.” He pulled her hand under the sheet that covered them and...oh my. He did want her...right now. “Don’t ever think that you’re not an incredibly sexy woman. It’s just that there’s so much more to you than that.”

Was it wrong that the feel of Angel’s cock, hard and ready, did more to reassure her than his words did? Sue her. She had issues.

However, as much as she wouldn’t have minded stroking her “ego” a little bit more, she really wasn’t sadistic. So she pulled her hand back out from under the covers and put it back on safer ground: Angel’s chest.

“I guess that’s a good thing, being more than just a sex object. I mean, you probably wouldn’t be risking as much as you are just to get laid, huh?”

Angel chuckled.

Her hormones really hated her body right about now.

“No, definitely not. And frankly, I’m not interested in just ‘getting laid.’ I’d much rather make love to you.”

Now Willow truly felt terrible. Here was Angel, all turned on, and...wait a minute. Just because she couldn’t get a happy, it didn’t mean she couldn’t give him one. For a girl who was supposed to have become so kinky, it had taken her a ludicrously long time to figure this out. Maybe she needed to wear more leather or something.

Time for that later, for now, she just wanted to give her man...er...vamp a good time.

She slipped under the covers before he could say a word and positioned herself between his thighs. Her lower body wasn’t too happy with her right now as it protested the sudden movement with some rather strong twinges, but Willow paid no heed. She’d suck it up, so to speak, and just deal with it.

“Willow, what are you...?”

She managed to stop him in his verbal tracks without going near his mouth. Because her own engulfed his cock. It had been a long time since she’d done this to a guy, but she’d gotten quite used to using her mouth with Tara and hey, even Oz had never had any complaints.

She stopped for a moment as Angel began moving back. Oh no. Had she completely lost her touch? No, Angel was just moving up the bed to allow them both to be in a more comfortable position. Once he was seated, his back against the headboard, Willow pushed the sheet completely off them and resumed her task with a will.

It was funny, she’d never really been that enthusiastic about going down on Oz. She didn’t mind, of course - she loved him. But it was something she did for him. Sucking Angel off, though...that was different. She was really getting into this. The texture of his skin, the temperature, the taste of his precum...it was arousing. Maybe she’d become more oral since Tara, or maybe Angel just had a better, sexier cock than Oz. Willow didn’t know and she didn’t care. It was just really neat to be enjoying this almost as much as Angel seemed to be.

She started using her hand along with her mouth and Angel really seemed to like that. Still - note to self: Learn how to deep throat. Though as big as Angel was, that was going to be a challenge.

Minus the ability to take him in completely, it still looked like she was giving Angel a pretty hot time of it. He was moaning and saying her name over and over. This was good. This was very good. Soon his hands found their way into her hair, guiding her in the rhythm he needed to finish and...

“Oh god! Willow!”

Her mouth was flooded with his release. She swallowed it down with no hesitation. It was cool and strange and it tasted like Angel. It was funny, it kind of seemed to her like she was doing something almost vampiric for him, drinking in his essence.

She smiled as she looked up at him. He looked sated and happy, blissful even. It was even better than when he was touching her. It made her feel...full, somehow. And womanly. She guessed that even her magick addiction hadn’t changed her much. She still loved to please.

She moved up the bed to lie next to him, her head pillowed on his chest once more.

“So, was this as good as any of those fantasies you used to have about me?”

“Mmm...hmm.” Angel didn’t seem too interested in using actual words right now. That made Willow feel even better about her skills. Still, words - okay, compliments - would be nice.

“Was it better?”

Angel smiled down at her. “You have nothing to be insecure about, Willow.”

Oh gosh. She’d been caught fishing. But really, it wasn’t her fault; after all, she’d used a spell book that had started life as a bass boat guide to anchor Angel’s soul.

It was so a bass boat guide.

“I’m not insecure, I’m just...”

“Insecure.”

“Okay, yeah, I guess I’m a little insecure. It’s just that...the women - and men - you’ve been with. They’re just so much more...more than me and...”

Angel wrapped his arm around her and held her close.

“Willow, there isn’t anyone - man or woman - that I would rather be with than you. I don’t understand why you can’t see how wonderful you are. You’re brilliant, caring, giving, warm-hearted, brave.”

Oh great. Just the kind of pillow talk she craved. This was just like when Buffy used to tell her she had a great personality and was so smart and someday guys would see her inner beauty. No one wants to hear those things.

“And you’re the sexiest woman I’ve ever known.”

Now that was more like it.

But what if he was only saying it because she’d just given him a blow job and he felt obligated?

“I know you don’t believe me, Willow, but it’s the truth.”

How...?

“You have a very expressive face.”

This should be a lot scarier than it was, the way Angel seemed to have telepathic powers when it came to Willow’s thoughts and feelings. Hmm. Maybe she was getting used to it or something. Still...

“Am I the only one who thinks it’s weird that you can read me so well?”

“I hadn’t really thought about it.”

“I guess it’s just me then. Maybe I do have too many thoughts or something.”

“What makes you say that?”

“Well, Xander told me that once. The night that we all went to that dumb goth club to check up on Ford. And sometimes I think maybe he’s right.”

Angel snorted. “Why on Earth would you put any stock in something Xander said? What would he know about thinking anyway? At least you know how.”

And suddenly Willow felt so much better about her Cordelia issues. She giggled, then quickly stifled it when Angel stared at her.

“What?”

“I’m just thinking about the fact that we have way too much in common.”

“What do you mean by that?” Angel’s brow furrowed in a far too serious way that had Willow fighting to suppress another fit of giggles.

“I mean that we each have an old rival who still gets under our skin.”

“Xander? He doesn’t get under my skin, he just...”

“Gets under your skin.”

This time, Angel smiled and tweaked her nose gently with his forefinger. “Did anyone ever tell you that you’re a smart aleck?”

“Note the word ‘smart’ in that phrase.”

Her words were greeted with a loud guffaw. “I tell you how beautiful you are and you won’t accept it, but you can take ‘smart aleck’ as a compliment. That’s what I love about you, you’re...”

Angel stopped. The deer in the headlights look was back. Willow was amazed she noticed it, though, because she herself was in shock. Did she just hear...did Angel say...?

“You love me?” Willow’s eyes were as big as saucers as she stared into his face, looking for the truth and hoping she’d know it if she saw it.

Angel breathed. Wow. He breathed. This must be big. But good big or bad big, Willow couldn’t say.

“Yes.”

“Oh goddess! Angel! You love me? I’m so glad! You have no idea how relieved I am because I thought the same thing last night - that I love you, I mean. And I was so worried, because I was sure it would scare you off, me feeling like that so fast and...”

Once again, her babbling was cut off with a kiss. Willow didn’t mind in the least. If Angel was going to make a habit of this, it was just fine by her.

When they finally stopped, both panting though only Willow actually needed the oxygen, Willow felt like she could fly. Well, at least after a shower and a massage or something. Angel loved her. She loved him and he loved her back. This was so neat. Really, really neat.

Except for the part that wasn’t. Oh goddess. Couldn’t she just have a few moments to enjoy this without being overcome by guilt? Why wasn’t she allowed to bask in the glow of her new love for a little while without being beset by thoughts of Tara? Darn it!

Angel knew the minute her mind left the happy place.

“Do you regret this? Being with me?”

What?

“No, Angel. I just...I just hate the thought of hurting her, you know?”

Angel knew exactly who she meant. “You don’t have to tell her.”

“Huh? What do you mean? Of course I have to tell her.”

“No, Willow, you don’t. You can just tell her that you’re moving to L.A. to work for me.”

And again...huh? Was he actually asking her to...?

“You want me to come back to L.A. with you?”

Now Angel was the one who looked surprised. “Well...yes. I just assumed that...”

His words were cut off by Willow’s delighted squeal, which was followed by a short, but very passionate kiss.

“I take it you like the idea?”

“Like it? I love it What’s not to love about moving in with the man I love and his adorable son?” But then, Willow got a reality check. “Oh goddess! Cordelia!”

“Willow, I told you before, we weren’t involved.”

“Does Cordelia know that? Because believe me, the looks she gave me when she saw us holding hands, and again upstairs, definitely said: hands off my man.”

“I think you’re reading too much into that, Willow. We’ve talked about this, remember? The visions really have changed her. She’s not the same girl she was back in high school. Trust me, everything will be fine.”

Did Angel really believe that? Because, sure, maybe she was biased, but the Cordelia she’d seen didn’t actually seem all that different. But she trusted Angel, so...

“Okay. So, we’re just going to tell everyone that I proved to be so useful in my old role of net girl that you absolutely have to have me come work for you, right?”

“That’s right.”

“And we’re not going to share the good news about...?”

“No.”

Angel sounded quite emphatic and Willow’s heart soared. Buffy really was out of the picture. Of course, she immediately felt guilty. She did love Buffy and it was hard to think she was taking the one thing Buffy wanted most in all the world. Still, he wasn’t in love with her anymore and anyway, Buffy had Spike, who was really not such a bad consolation prize when you thought about it, so Willow wasn’t exactly ruining Buffy’s life - at least not any more than she already had when she’d ripped her out of heaven and...was there a stop where she could get off the guilt train? Because she was starting to get motion sickness.

“Willow, it’s going to be okay. Really.”

“I know, it’s just...”

“You feel guilty.”

“Yeah.”

“Me, too.”

“Really?”

“Yeah.”

And for some reason that made Willow feel a great deal better. Maybe guilt was like misery or something. Which made sense, because guilt certainly made her feel miserable.

“So, I guess I better get up, take a shower, and call Tara, huh? I mean, I kinda figure I at least owe her the news first. Then tonight we can get everybody to meet us at the Magic Box and tell them all at once.”

Angel looked pensive. For a moment, Willow wondered why. Then she realized: he felt the same way about Tara that she had about Buffy. He still wasn’t sure that Willow was all his.

“Angel, you can be there when I talk to her. I mean, it kind of makes sense. I’ll ask her to meet me here and...”

“You don’t have to, Willow. You can see her alone if you want to.”

“I don’t want to. I think it will be sort of easier, you know, if you’re there. And maybe there won’t be any tears or anything. Because I really hate making her cry. I mean, I know she’s going to, but if I don’t see it, maybe I can believe she’s not actually crying at all and that she’s secretly relieved because she met some hot girl at the Espresso Pump and she’s actually been trying to figure out the right way to break the news to me and...”

Angel stopped her words with a kiss, a kiss that conveyed how much he understood what she was going through right now, how hard it was for her to cause Tara pain. A kiss that thanked her for loving him.

Willow thanked him right back.

As the kiss deepened, Willow decided that maybe that shower could wait. And maybe she was okay without a massage either. She wasn’t really all that sore after all.

Tbc...