My wife has been nagging me about taking her and the girls on vacation for a while. It is an election year, and that keeps me very busy. I know that my family misses me. You understand how it is; I want to keep my position as the city's mayor. So when an opportunity presented itself where I could take a small vacation with my family and still campaign, I didn't hesitate.
I walked into the kitchen and kissed my wife on the cheek. "Good morning, Nikki," I said as I sat at the breakfast table. I poured myself a cup of coffee and stacked my plate with pancakes and bacon. "I hope you and the girls don't have plans this weekend," I said with a sly smile over my coffee cup.
She stopped reading the paper and turned to me. "I don't have plans. I know Jessica said she would be arriving home from campus Thursday with Samantha. She didn't mention that they had made any plans, and since it is Meghan's senior year, I don't know if she has made plans either. What did you have in mind?" Nikki looked at me with curiosity.
Meghan is my youngest daughter at seventeen. She will be eighteen in a few months. She is my spitting image, with my black hair and dark brown eyes. She is tall, athletically built, and tan. Her personality is also cloned after me; she is an overachiever, stubborn, and determined. When she a goal, she won't stop until she has accomplished it. Jessica is my oldest daughter at twenty. She is currently in her third year of college at UT Knoxville studying criminal science. She looks just like my wife, a little on the short and chubby side. The adorable kind, not overweight, but gives them more of a babyface appearance and curves. Both Nikki and Jessica have mousy brown straight hair that goes just past their shoulder blades and bright blue eyes that sparkle when they laugh and seem to glow when they are pissed. They are both quiet and shy to an extent.
Samantha has been Jessica's best friend for years. She is the exact opposite of my daughter. Tall 5'11, I think, she has emerald green eyes and dark black hair that curls in little spirals that almost touch to her hips. Her skin is a smooth pale cream color that is blemish-free. She also has a killer body. That body is what made her so popular in high school. According to Jess, Samantha had boys leaving her love letters in her locker almost every day. I asked my daughter once what Samantha did with the letters, and she said, "Nothing, she throws them away. Says she doesn't have time for boys," I wish that philosophy would have rubbed off on Jessica, who seemed to bring a different boy home every other week, but it never did. Often I found Samantha and myself sitting on the couch together making fun of the poor kid that Jessica brought home. After a while, it became a game that Meghan eventually joined in on.
Looking back at my wife, "There is a little heritage festival going on out at the state park this weekend, people from all over the county will be coming. I figured I could campaign with the locals and spend time with my family competing in some activates, at the same time." My wife gave me the 'I'm not convinced' look as she tapped her finger on the table in thought. So I added. "Since Samantha, is going to tag along with Jess, tell Meghan she can bring a friend too. Then once I get re-elected, I promise we can go to the mountains for two weeks over Christmas." I held my breath awaiting her response.
"I will talk to the girls today, and let you know by dinner," She said smiling. I guess the mountains brought her around to my way of thinking. We finished our breakfast and I headed off to the office while Nikki headed off to Meghan's school.
That Thursday afternoon, I was packing up the SUV. Nikki and I were going to head out to the cabin and set up, while the girls caught a movie with their friends. They would join us later in the evening, giving Nikki and I some much needed alone time. After everything was unloaded and set up, my wife had poured us two glasses of wine and we retreated to the balcony overlooking the river. "This is nice. I had forgotten how relaxing it is when it is just the two of us." My wife said as she snuggled into my side.
"I know, we got married and had kids so young, it's hard to believe that just twenty years ago we were Meghan's age." I sighed as the memories of youth flooded my brain. Nikki and I were high school sweethearts, who got accidentally pregnant with Jessica at eighteen. I was a shock and scary as hell, but we managed. We got married, attended a junior college to get our degrees, and we both worked part-time jobs as we raised our sweet baby girl. It would have been nice to have a normal college experience, but I wouldn't trade Jess for anything.
Hearing Jess hollering for us pulled me from memory row, and I winked at my wife as she rolled her eyes. "Why are girls so needy?" my wife asked.
"You know, I've been asking myself that for years." I laughed as Nikki elbowed me in the side playfully. We headed downstairs to have a game night with the kids.
I walked downstairs to see my Jessica and Samantha for the first time in months, and was greeted with "daddy," and a running hug. Then I turned to hug Samantha and I froze in my tracks. My eyes bulged out of their sockets, my mouth fell open, and I almost forgot to breathe. Samantha stood there in tight jeans and a tank top that made it clear that her breasts where two cup sizes bigger than the last time I had seen her.
In my shocked state, I couldn't figure out a proper or non-creepy way to ask her about her now DDs that where playing hid and seek with that thin tank top. Luckily my wife, asked for me, "Samantha sweetie, I see you had some work done."
Samantha blushed while she looked at me, "Yes ma'am. I got them for my new job. The company paid for them, so I just went for it. The clinic was only supposed to go up one cup size, but they were out of stock of that size. So seeing as my employer does a lot of business with them, I got upgraded to the next size for free." Samantha crossed her arms trying to cover herself, it didn't work. Instead, it just pushed them up and together for better viewing.
"What job would require a boob implant, Hooters?" Nikki asked. That was my wife, oblivious to the girl's obvious discomfort.
"No mom, she is a model, a swimsuit model to be exact. Doesn't she look, great dad?" Jessica said trying to defend her friend.
Great Jessica, way to throw me under the bus, and in front of my wife, I thought. I looked at my wife who still looking as stunned as she did a few minutes before. Then I looked back at Jessica and Samantha. "Samantha, yes you look great. You have always been beautiful. It's not that we disapprove of this change. It is nothing to be ashamed of; it was just a bit of a shock to us."
Samantha smiled and began to relax a little, and took the chair next to Jessica at the table. "Thank you, sir. I was a bit self-conscious there for a second."
My wife and I sat across from Jess and Samantha and I continued, "I think what my wife was trying to ask is that we don't understand why you would need to model." I was curious.
Jess and Samantha shared a look and Jess continued, "Sam's mom cut her off after she told her mom that Sam didn't want to study law. Daddy, Mrs. Karen won't even talk to her now. Can't you do something? After all, you are the Mayor."
I was shocked. I looked at Sam and saw tears in her eyes; I could tell that her mom's choice to cut her off was killing her. I then heard my wife speak for the first time, "Sam honey if you need money we c....."
"It's not the money, Mrs. Nikki. My first modeling gig paid enough to cover school, rent, and utilities for the semester. I've had three shoots since, and three more before Christmas so I'm set for a year. I even asked Jess to move in with me next semester to help her save some money. So it's not the money. I just want my mom back." Sam interrupted.
My wife and I looked at each other. I couldn't understand what her mom was thinking. You don't abandon a child, because they choose a different care path than the one you did. "Look, guys, I can talk to Karen and see if she is willing to see Sam, but even the Mayor has no authority to force a mom to see her kid," both girls looked disappointed at my words. I looked at Sam and tried to imagine everything she had gone through these past few months and added, "Sam, you know that no matter what happens, you are always welcome in our house and our family anytime."
"Thank you, Mr. Scott. Thank means more than you know." Samantha smiled at me.
The rest of the night was spent snacking, laughing, and destroying each other in Monopoly. Soon the girls retired to their bedrooms and my wife and I followed suit. I was very much in the mood for some quality time with my wife, but when I entered the bedroom. I found my wife passed out cold on the top of the covers. "So much for some lovemaking", I sighed. In disappointment, I stripped down and was about to put my PJs on when I looked out the window and saw the river. An idea hit me, everyone was asleep and there were no other neighbors until tomorrow, and it was a somewhat moonless night. A cold swim in the nude might be what I need to calm my little buddy down. I grabbed a towel, wrapped it around my waist, and headed out the door to the river.
Seeing a rock close to the shore, I dropped the towel there and walked into the water. Once I was about chest-deep in the water, I heard some soft splashing as if someone was swimming back to shore. "Is anyone out there?" I hollered out. I couldn't see anything it was too dark.
The splashing stopped a few feet in front of me and I heard, "Mr. Scott? Is that you?" as Samantha's voice carried over to me.
"Yea, sorry I didn't mean to disturb your swim. I just couldn't think and needed to calm down." I said as I could see her swimming into view.
She swam up to about a foot in front of me. She was breathtaking in what little moonlight was being reflected off her skin. She was truly a vision; whatever man was destined for her was going to be one lucky fellow.
"I wanted to thank you again, for everything tonight. I could tell that you guys didn't approve of my change of appearance. I know Mrs. Nikki means well, but her tone and judgemental look gave away her opinion." Even though Sam was right, I still tried to open my mouth to defend my wife's honor. She held out her hand for me to wait. "I'm not saying she is wrong, I'm just saying the way you approached it didn't make me feel dirty or guilty about it, and I just wanted to say thank you. I appreciate it." She said right before she hugged me.
Now I have hugged Samantha several times over the years, but this time was a little different. Mainly because when her body made contact with mine, my cock twitched. It twitched right into her stomach, and she froze with her arms around my neck and her body pressed into mine.
For a few minutes, neither of us moved or spoke, then she calmly said, "Mr. Scott is that...." Unable to finish her sentence.
"Yep, Samantha it is," I answered her, my embarrassment and my cock growing by the second.
"It's hard." She said stating the obvious.
"In my defense, it was already hard before I got out here," I said defending myself.
Her arms still around my neck, she pulled back enough for me to see her face, but not enough to relieve any pressure her stomach applied to my cock. To be precise, her movement rubbed my cock causing more twitches to thump into her skin. "Why is it hard?" she asked biting her bottom lip in an attempt to keep from laughing.
"Well I had planned on making love to my wife tonight, but she fell asleep, leaving me worked up. So I decided to come to take a slow swim to calm myself down until you hugged me." I answered her question my face now burning with embarrassment.
She threw her head back and started laughing uncontrollably. The vibrations from her body started to tease my dick turning me on even more. This was a vicious cycle. "It is not that funny, Samantha, I have found myself in a very awkward situation, and no chance of relief."
She finally stopped laughing and said, "It is very funny, and don't worry. I'll take care of what your wife didn't." She said before she leaned in and kissed me. It was a sweet kiss, soft, warm, and hungry. Instantly I wrapped my arms around her waist and squeezed her to me before I realized this was not my wife.
I pulled back, "Sam, I can't do this. I love my wife."
As she ran her tongue around the rim of me ear she whispered, "I know you do, and I'm not asking you to leave her. I'm just offering to please you, you can't tell me that you don't need it. Your cock has been jabbing into me nonstop since I touched you." As if to prove her point she wiggled her body a little and cocked her eyebrow when on cue my cock did poke her. With a victory smile, she began placing her lips on my neck and started applying kisses. I closed my eyes and moaned at the feel of her sucking on my neck. Fire rapidly spread through my body, before I snapped out of it.
"Sam, you have to stop, you are like a daughter to me. We shouldn't be doing this." I pleaded. I'm a strong and dedicated man, but still a man, I can only take so much before I cave.
"Yes, like a daughter, but not a real daughter. I will be twenty-one in two weeks, and I am also consenting, so that makes me a consenting adult." She said as she grabbed one of my hands and guided it down to her bikini bottoms. She used my fingers to pull the strings untying her bottom and then pulling it away from her body. I could feel the heat from her pussy as she wrapped her legs around my waist, and guided my cock to her lips.
"Sam, please don't do this, once you start, I don't think I can stop you." I pleaded. I was probably already at that stage, but I had to try one last attempt to remain faithful to my wife.
She studied my face for a moment, and then said, "Good, cause I don't want to stop." She kissed me again and impaled herself on my rod. We both let out a moan as my shaft disappeared into her. We sat there just kissing as she let her body get accustomed to my size. I could tell that she wasn't a virgin, but she was still tight enough that I knew she didn't have sex often. I felt one of her hand leave my neck and move behind her head and untied her bikini top letting her big tits fall right into my hands.
I began to massage them. Squeeze them with my palms and roll her nipple between my thumb and finger. A few minutes later she pulled back from our kiss and said, "I have wanted to do this with you for years." In my shock, I barely registered her thighs squeezing my sides as she slowly lifted herself off of me and then slid back down. Her passage was so slick and hot. I knew I wasn't going to last long with her teasing me with way. So I grabbed her hips to take control, causing her to put a death squeeze of my sides keeping me from moving her up or down. Damn, just how powerful are her legs? I wondered. "Scott, I am fucking you, so I'm in control. If you want to control, then you can take it when you decide to fuck me." She said as she took both of my hands and moved them back to her tits.
Then she started to lift and lower herself again. After a while, she started picking up a little speed and her breathing came faster, I could tell she was on the verge of orgasm and I was fairly close myself so I reached between her legs a slide my thumb over her clit. "Oh fuck," she moaned and picked up speed again.
I smiled to myself; I had never heard her cuss before. Normally I would scold her, but this time it was kind of cute. So letting it slide, I rubbed her clit again. "Ahhh," she said as she began to ride me even harder. At this pace, her tits were bouncing out of control so I grabbed one with my mouth and sucked a nipple as I continued to play with her clit. Then at last I felt her thighs squeeze me with enough force to cut off my breathing, she threw her head back and moaned my name, and her body jolted with her release.
"I'm not finished yet, so hold on," I growled as I grabbed her hips. I then began to slam her body down to meet my upper thrusts. I was going hard and fast, pounding her pussy as thoroughly as I could. Then shortly after I had started, I could feel the tingling in my balls as it worked its way up and exploded deep into Samantha. Groaning I pumped a few more times as I sprayed her insides with my seed. Finally, we both calmed down caught our breaths. I gave her a tender kiss that ended too soon. "Thank you," I said.
"Anytime Scott, look I know you love your wife, but if you ever need to relieve some stress, I am more than willing to help you out. It will be our little secret." Not sure if I could ever repeat this, I kissed her once more and headed back to the house alone. When I got back to my room, my wife was still asleep so I showered and got ready to bed. As I passed the window overlooking the river, I looked out. I could still see Sam swimming around her perfect skin glowing in the moonlight and I thought, could tonight ever repeat itself?