part: Chapter 2
author: Miranda Mars
title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance



          "Well," she said, falsely bright, trying not to look too hard 
    at Karen's luscious body.  "Are we ready?  Here, I'll help you into 
    the bathroom."

          Karen propped one arm over Laura's shoulder, and they started 
    slowly toward the hall.  But they took only two steps before Karen 
    gasped and started to fall again.  This time Laura had to catch her 
    with both arms.  They were face to face.  Their eyes burned together.  
    Oh god, Laura thought.

          Before she knew it, her mouth was on Karen's, and Karen was not 
    resisting.  Karen was kissing her back, more heatedly by the second, 
    her tongue slithering into Laura's mouth, probing, searching.  They 
    kissed long and lovingly, their hands clutching one another firmly, 
    their mouths curving together.  Neither one wanted to stop the kiss, 
    fearing what would happen afterward.

          But finally they had to stop.  They were both panting softly, 
    their eyes shiny, their pulses racing.

          "I . . . I don't know what happened," Laura murmured, shaking 
    her head.

          "Don't apologize," Karen whispered back.

          "I've never done that."

          "I haven't either."

          They began kissing again, so that they wouldn't have to talk.  
    This time Laura let her hands roam over Karen's near-naked body, 
    feeling the smooth black velvet of the girl's marvelous skin.  When 
    their lips came apart the second time, Karen looked down at her bra 
    and raised her fingers to it.  The clasp was in the front, between 
    the cups, and she quickly released it.

          Her bra came loose, revealing the perfectly round globes of her 
    jutting breasts.  Her black nipples were large, plump, swollen plums.  
    Laura had never seen such beautiful breasts.  

          "God . . . they're beautiful," she murmured.

          Karen cradled the exquisitely-shaped balls in her palms, 
    offering them.  "Do it," she breathed.

          "I can't," Laura gasped.  "I've never done anything like that.  
    I never wanted to."

          "Don't you want to now?"

          "Yes."

          "Then do it."

          "Oh Karen."

          "Do it."

          Slowly Laura dropped her head.  Karen released her own breasts, 
    and Laura cradled them in her hands.  Carefully, she closed her lips 
    over one of the girl's huge, soft nipples, sucking it deep into her 
    mouth. 

          "Ohhnnnnn!" Karen moaned.

          Laura had never done anything like this before.  It felt good, 
    shockingly good.  She could feel hot tingling and wet juices flowing 
    in her cunt.  She squeezed Karen's beautiful breast with both hands, 
    sucking and tonguing the girl's nipple, feeling the huge bud tighten 
    and grow harder in her mouth.

          "Oh god . . . oh Laura . . . I've got to sit down!" Karen 
    panted, nearly falling because of her weak ankle.

          "I forgot," Laura said, helping the girl back to the sofa, 
    which was only a few steps behind them.

          They both sank into the sofa cushions, and Laura quickly 
    scooped up Karen's other breast, sucking the nipple gently, then 
    harder.  Karen sighed and squirmed, caressing Laura's hair and cheek, 
    whimpering urgently as Laura sucked her.

          "Ohhhnnn . . . yes!" she panted.

          Her hands found the sash of Laura's old robe and loosened it.  
    She slid her hands inside the robe and forced it down Laura's 
    shoulders, while Laura sucked and tongued her breasts more heatedly.

          "You too," she gasped in a hoarse, excited voice.  "I want you 
    too."

          Laura sat up and reached behind her back, unhooking her own 
    bra and removing it slowly, very aware of the effect it had on 
    Karen.  She knew from past comments that her breasts were as 
    beautiful as Karen's, and she knew from the glassy, aroused look in 
    the black girl's eyes how much Karen wanted them.

          Karen's long black fingers closed over Laura's high, pear-
    shaped breasts, squeezing them gently, then rubbing Laura's thick, 
    bulbous, coral nipples.  She drew them toward her mouth, and Laura 
    moaned with shock and lust as Karen closed her sensual lips over one 
    aching nipple, drawing it in deep.  

          "Ohhhnnnn!" she gasped.

          Now she was on the receiving end, and she lay back in the 
    cushions, surrendering her breasts completely to Karen, who tongued 
    and sucked Laura's nipples in ways no man had ever done.  Starting 
    with exquisite tenderness, she gradually turned up the heat, teasing 
    Laura's excited nipples with her tongue and teeth, then squeezing her 
    breasts, then sucking Laura's nipples softly.  

          At one point she leaned forward and dangled her own luscious 
    naked breasts above Laura's, lowering them until the girls' nipples 
    touched, making them both sigh and shiver with lust.

          "Honey, you're so beautiful," Karen murmured, kissing Laura 
    searchingly while their naked breasts brushed delicately together.

          The whole thing soon had Laura so aroused that she was 
    squirming and moaning softly, her cunt throbbing, her breasts alive 
    and tingling with fantastic pleasure.  Karen had returned to them 
    with her mouth, and this time she was squeezing and sucking them 
    harder, bringing Laura to the edge of a climax so quickly that it 
    surprised her.

          "Ohhh!  Oh god . . . I'm going to come if you don't stop!" 
    Laura panted desperately.

          She couldn't believe it.  She had never come so close to an 
    orgasm simply by having her breasts sucked and caressed.  And her 
    words aroused and troubled them both even more.  Now what they were 
    doing was clear.  But they couldn't turn back.

          "Baby, go ahead," Karen murmured, sucking and tonguing and 
    teething Laura's swollen nipples more heatedly.  "You want me to 
    help?"

          Laura felt the girl's slim fingers slipping under the elastic 
    of her panties, dropping, dropping.  Suddenly two of Karen's fingers 
    were scissoring her clit, and Karen was sucking her nipples sharply.  
    Laura's body arched and quivered.  Before she was even ready for it, 
    a sharp, explosive climax shook her flesh.

          "Ohh!  Unngghhhhh!" she cried out.

          Then she sank back into the cushions, still shaking, gasping 
    for breath.

          "Oh god!" she panted.  "I . . . I'm sorry, I didn't"

          But Karen's mouth came down on hers, kissing away her 
    hesitations, frenching her passionately.

          "I guess you really broke the ice," Karen murmured against 
    Laura's cheek.  "Now we might as well just go get in the bed and do 
    what we want to do."

          "But I've never done anything like that before."

          "Neither have I," Karen said, her eyes murky with desire.  "We 
    both already said that."

          They giggled softly together.

          "I guess there's a first time for everything," Laura murmured, 
    embracing the girl, running her hands all over Karen's perfect 
    breasts.

          "I guess there is."

          "I want to," Laura whispered.  "I want . . . you.  I want to . 
    . . do it with you."

          "Can you help me into your bedroom without attacking me on the 
    way?" Karen asked.

          "I don't think so," Laura said.  "I think we'd better fuck 
    right here."

          Both of their eyes widened with shame and wild excitement at 
    Laura's words.  God, we really are going to fuck, Laura thought.  
    They kissed heatedly and began pulling each other's panties off 
    rapidly, until they were both completely naked.  

          "But I want you on a bed," Laura panted.  "I want to do it 
    right."

          "I know," Karen murmured.  

          They stood and Laura helped the girl down the hall to her 
    bedroom.  She shut the door behind them, even though they were alone 
    in the apartment.  Then she pulled down the blankets and they lay 
    down together on the white sheets.  Now they were more solemn, and 
    they kissed slowly, ardently, their hands gently exploring each 
    other's smooth flesh.

          Against the white sheets Karen's dark, voluptuous, naked body 
    was even more alluring to Laura.  She explored it with her mouth and 
    hands, returning to Karen's extraordinary breasts, kissing and 
    sucking them the way Karen had made love to hers, and having the same 
    result.  In minutes Karen was whimpering and twisting, on the verge 
    of an orgasm herself.

          Determined to make it special, Laura slid down between the 
    girl's silky black thighs.  Karen's black-lipped, juicy pink cunt was 
    only inches from her lips.  She had never seen a cunt so close, and 
    had never wanted to do this to one.  But she extended her tongue and 
    licked the glistening petals, making Karen shudder with pleasure.  

          It all seemed to come naturally to Laura.  Her desire for 
    the girl was so deep.  She wanted nothing more than to make Karen 
    come more intensely than ever before, and she licked and sucked the 
    girl's beautiful pussy with tender skill and ingenuity.  She slid her 
    hands under the full, firm moons of Karen's ass and squeezed them as 
    she stabbed her tongue deep into the girl's honey pit.

          "Ohhhnnnn!  Ahhnnnnn!" Karen moaned, her pelvis shaking, her 
    hips churning with phantom fuck-motions.  "Oh god!"

          When Laura felt the girl's luscious body grow taut, she knew 
    Karen's climax was only seconds away.  She sucked the girl's swollen 
    clit into her mouth, digging her fingers into Karen's resilient 
    asscheeks, burying her face in Karen's flowing pussy.  Karen's body 
    stiffened, then undulated wildly as sharp convulsions shook her.

          "Oh!  Nnngghhh!  Anngghiieeee!" she cried out, coming 
    violently.

          Laura prolonged Karen's orgasm by continuing to suck the girl's 
    throbbing clit, more gently, but not letting go, drawing long, 
    agonized spasms of pleasure from the girl's quivering body.  When it 
    was over, Karen lay panting and groaning, almost unable to move as 
    Laura embraced and kissed her again.

          "Oh god . . . I've never come like that," Karen gasped 
    hoarsely.  "I thought it wasn't going to stop.  I thought I'd have a 
    heart attack or something."

          "It was good?"

          "Good doesn't even come close," Karen smiled, kissing Laura 
    with hot, demanding passion.

          They knew they should both be satisfied, but their hunger for 
    each other was not quickly fulfilled.  Their beautiful bodies coiled 
    together sensually, searching, exploring, probing.  Laura felt a kind 
    of sexual arousal she had never experienced, a yearning, a hot 
    urgency that made her want to devour Karen, and to be devoured by the 
    black girl with the same rough, aggressive, consuming lust.

          "Oh god . . ." she whimpered as Karen's lips trailed down her 
    taut midriff, across her smooth belly, then dipped between her 
    parting thighs.  "Oh god, I want to fuck you!" she whimpered.  "I've 
    never wanted to fuck anyone as much as I want to fuck you.  Ahhnnn!"

          Karen's tongue found Laura's oozing pussy and began to caress 
    it tenderly, then more heatedly.  

          "But now it's your turn to be fucked, honey," Karen murmured, 
    turning up the heat by tonguing Laura's erect clit until Laura was 
    writhing and begging her not to stop.

          "Oh! . . . oh please . . . oh please!" Laura whimpered, tossing 
    her head, holding her thighs and pushing her groin up into Karen's 
    invading mouth.  "Unh!  Unh!  Unh!"

          No man had ever eaten her pussy the way Karen did.  Men only 
    did it as a preliminary to fucking, but for Karen this was the 
    central act, just as Laura had felt when she was eating Karen.  The 
    black girl's clever tongue caressed and explored Laura's hot pussy 
    until Laura almost fainted with pleasure.  Her body was shaking 
    uncontrollably, her hips jerking, her thighs clenching.  Hot sobs of 
    clotted lust fought their way out of her throat.

          And Karen purposely delayed Laura's orgasm, tonguing Laura's 
    clit until an explosion was imminent, then tapering off, pulling 
    back, only to resume the torment once Laura had calmed down.  After 
    three times, Laura was wild with need.  She writhed and whimpered and 
    begged.

          "Oh god, baby, make me come!" she panted.  "Do it, do it, 
    please!  Oh pleeease!"

          With her fingers she spread open her glistening pussy for 
    Karen's tongue, then nearly fainted again when Karen's mouth finally 
    assaulted the splayed red crease.  This time Karen didn't hold back.  
    She devoured Laura's aching slit, stabbing her tongue deep into it, 
    sucking Laura's cunt lips, then lip-mauling her clit until a fierce 
    uprush of coming suddenly wrenched Laura's shuddering flesh.

          "Aunngghhh!" Laura groaned sharply.  "Nnnggmmmnneeeee!" she 
    cried as the intense spasms hit her.

          She held Karen's head, pushing her pulsing cunt into Karen's 
    wild mouth and coming with renewed force.  Her orgasm went on and on, 
    and when it finally waned, she collapsed, feeling tears streak her 
    cheeks, flat on her back with her arms held up to the beautiful black 
    girl, who slid up to embrace her again.

          "Oh god, oh god . . . I came so hard," Laura sighed.  "You made 
    me come so hard."

          "Mmmmmm, I think we must have been made for each other, honey," 
    Karen whispered, dropping her mouth to Laura's breasts again, 
    refusing to let Laura drop off the plateau of arousal from which she 
    had just climaxed so sharply.

