Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 1)

"OH MIIIIKEEEYYYY, I'M REAAAAADY!" her angelic voice echoed around the tiles from behind the closed bathroom door.

Roused from my bedroom, I was drawn down the hall by her sweet siren call. I did not bother to knock, and the door was not locked. She was expecting me. In fact, I was there at her request. I swung the door open to find my squeaky-clean sister sitting naked in the still full bathtub. Her eyes sparkled when she saw me, and she flashed that trademark perky smile.

She looked like a little toddler who had been playing in the bath and was covered in suds, but only because most of her growing body was concealed beneath the surface. I half expected to see a rubber ducky and bath toys strewn about. But there was no ducky, only a sexy, naked Goosey waiting patiently for me to arrive and attend to her.

Her upper torso stuck out above the water, but several bubbly blobs blocked critical areas of her otherwise exposed chest. I couldn't tell if they had been placed there by random happenstance or strategically. I didn't dwell on that moot point, though. I would be swiping them away soon enough.

I had to take a step back when she unexpectedly sloshed her body into a sideways position facing away from me. Otherwise, I would have been standing in a puddle. Leaning back against the porcelain and spreading her arms at shoulder height, she hooked her elbows backwards over the side of the tub in a comfortable reclining position. Her sun-bleached hair had been teased into a top bun to keep it dry and out of my way; messy but effective.

Throwing down a towel to keep my pj's dry and kneeling, I took a moment to appreciate her effortless femininity. Below those cute little ears, her kissable neck curved inward before spreading to form her graceful collarbone. Her developing body was rapidly shedding all sharp edges and points and replacing them with alluring womanly curves. Her bare shoulders were perfectly contoured even though her arms were still a little gangly and lacked the muscle definition that comes with age. Her dainty hands resting on opposite ends of the tub sported stylish pink polish which I knew made a perfect match with her nipples. My mouth went dry as I got the sudden urge to chew on some bubblegum.

Apparently, she felt I was stalling too long and cleared her throat. She even did a sort of an impatient foot stomp. There would have been enough room, even sideways, for her to sit cross-legged. But, for some reason, she had each leg extended nearly straight like a kid might do when playing with blocks. Her pseudo-stomp caused her right knee to bob above the surface briefly as she communicated her disapproval at the delay my daydreaming had caused.

If you haven’t guessed by now, I had been summoned to administer one of my patented breast massages. And she was tired of waiting. Normally, she would be between my legs on the couch and lean against my chest while I reached under her arms to perform the deed. But with her relaxing in the tub, I had to use a different technique and send my hands over her shoulders instead.

I reached my hands over and down her front, dragging the bubbles along as I went. Her flawless soap-coated skin was quite slippery, but despite the unfamiliar angle, my hands knew what to do. She sighed loudly as I reached her chest proper and began gently, but firmly, kneading the outside of each breast.

I knew not to rush things. An amateur would get impatient and go straight for the nipples. But my experience kept my hands engaged around the outsides of her breasts. I had grown intimately familiar with that particular area of her body and knew exactly which motions would illicit the greatest reactions. I played over her supple skin, sometimes dragging my fingertips lightly along to outline her swelling shape and sometimes gripping her glands in a firmer embrace. She never failed to let her appreciation known, both verbally and non-verbally. Before long, she was writhing within my grasp as my hands worked their magic and her delightful coos gradually increased in volume and sexiness.

Taking the opportunity to weigh her adorable developing mounds, I marveled how they had been completely non-existent not two years earlier. Back then, she had been completely flat chested, except for two tiny pink rose buds. In fact, her whole body had been different. I thought back on how many different growth spurts she had gone through in her transformation from child to near teenager.

Her height had probably been the first sign. Back then, when she first started to outgrow her child's body, she had been so awkward with her longer limbs and skinny torso. She stumbled all the time like a colt taking its first steps. Then her bottom started to fill in, transforming from a flat, overlooked space into two distinct and very noticeable globes.

Her walk changed as she adjusted to her new rump and powerful leg muscles. She became less and less flat-footed and began to walk with softer, yet somehow more assured footfalls. I don't think she even knew she had started rocking her hips side to side when she walked. Whatever it was, it worked, and she was less clumsy and more graceful with that gait.

But it wasn't just major body parts that went through spurts of change. Some were more subtle; like when her rounded little girl face started to fade with the appearance of more defined cheek bones, and her thin lips swelled. Even she couldn't get enough when her newly plumped lips came in. She loved to lick them and was constantly applying lip balm punctuated with an adorable smack.

When she first started to notice her longer eyelashes, she subconsciously experienced how batting them just the right way would get most people to give her whatever she wanted. Despite her changes in appearance and new learned mannerisms, she still retained her childish habits. She would still stick out her tongue to one side when she was concentrating hard on something. The way her shoulders slumped always betrayed her disappointment. And, of course, there was the way she still stomped her foot to show her disapproval at something she didn't like. That last one often backfired, especially when she was naked, because it only caused her body parts to jiggle distractingly which took all the venom out of her sting.

She had already experienced several types of growth spurts and surely had more to come. But her most recent one seemed to be especially concentrated on her chest. Riviera Dave's lotion may have had something to do with that. He specifically said it was formulated to stimulate growth and I had been giving Lucy semi-regular treatments directly onto her chest for almost two months by now.

Now, you may try to chalk that up to mere coincidence. Perhaps, you think to yourself, a young lady in her stage of development was already poised for growth in the chest area and Dave's special growth sauce just happened to be on the right spot at the right time. Well, as much as I would prefer to keep it a private subject, I guess I am compelled to make this confession as proof. Here goes.

For as long as Lucy had been receiving treatments on her chest, I...sigh...had been sneaking off with the jar and applying my own treatments somewhere else. That's right, I was masturbating with Lucy's lotion. And let me tell you, that stuff is amazing! It made for the most stimulating and incredible, well, you get the point. As for how I could prove that the stuff really does stimulate growth, well, let’s just say apparently it works on boys too. I'm not quite comfortable describing it in too much detail yet. But rest assured, Dave knew what he was doing when he made that stuff!

Before you judge me for borrowing Lucy's special lotion, I should point out a couple of things. First, I wasn't the only one borrowing it. Mom, too, was hooked and would occasionally partake in the sauce. And I guarantee she used a hell of a lot more lotion than I ever did if she was fully coating her ample bosom.

Second, I couldn't prove it, but I strongly suspected Lucy had likely been borrowing something of mine, too. Riviera Dave (no, not that one) had given me a special gift while we were on vacation. I was the proud owner of my own professional shaving kit. It was the real deal, complete with straight razor and fancy lather brush. I had been using it for about the past month and was starting to get the hang of it. At first, I had many cuts all over my face and even faced ridicule at school as a result. But each time, I got a little more comfortable with the dangerous blade and learned how to respect it. I almost never cut myself anymore. What can I say? My hands are naturally skilled at more than just performing breast massages.

But I wasn’t the only person in the house interested in using that kit. It's a long story, but Lucy had participated a full body demonstration shave while on that vacation and she had raved about the way her skin felt afterward. More than once, I found someone had moved the pieces of my kit around not the tidy way I usually left it. I had to conclude Lucy was using my kit to shave her legs...and maybe more than that.

Anyway, when her lotion had inevitably run out, Lucy begged me to try and order more. Upon calling the phone number on the back label, I was given sketchy instructions to send money (cash only, no checks) to a certain address. The voice didn't sound like the Surfer Dave I remembered from vacation, but I concluded it might have been him. It was a lot of money, too; $160 at a time when we didn't have any to spare. But I decided to do it anyway just to make her happy. Ok, maybe I was also pining for more of the stuff and did it for personal reasons, too. But I wasn’t about to let her know about that!

I had trepidly stuffed the cash in an envelope and mailed it off, hoping against hope that we weren't being scammed. When nothing arrived after a week, Lucy grew impatient and asked me to call the number again. The annoyed voice told me he had received our order and that it was "in processing". He said we would have to sit tight and also, rather rudely, to stop calling. "You can't rush perfection. Just go with the flow, man," he said. That sounded more like the Dave I remembered.

When Lucy heard the news, she stomped her foot angrily. She didn't want to sit tight or go with the flow. Apparently, growing a pair of tits from nothing flat can make a girl quite sore and she couldn't wait around forever for Dave to put down his joint and get his ass in gear. But she was too embarrassed, without the pretext of a treatment, to just come out and ask me to massage her aching breasts. And without his lotion, it probably wouldn’t feel that great anyway. Perhaps thinking the soapy water would help with lubrication, she came up with the idea of a bath massage instead of the normal couch version.

Long story short, that's how I ended up kneeling over my naked sister and fondling her soapy boobs in the bathtub. With great restraint, I intentionally kept my hands away from her tempting nipples. Whenever the water started to dry up from the friction, I would slide a hand down her breastbone to the water level just below her belly button. She always sucked in her breath when I did that, anticipating me possibly moving even lower on her abdomen. She was so worked up she probably wanted me to, but it was all just foreplay. After teasing my fingers around her belly for a few seconds, I would instead just scoop up another pile of bubbles or some water and then move my hand back up to cup her breast.

When I decided she had had enough, I declared the massage over. She started to pout her lower lip, but then recovered admirably and chose a look of gratitude before she went too far and offended me. Reluctantly, she pulled the drain stopper and stood up. The water poured off her freshly cleaned body as she stood shamelessly before me, naked and dripping. Her skin had turned pink from the hot soak but would soon fade back to her normal fleshy perfection.

My eyes involuntarily dropped to take in her newly showing irresistible pussy, which was puffy, pink, and, as always, completely bald. I didn't stare. I didn't need to. By now, I had memorized every curve and crease. I could still recall the first few times I saw that tiny slit drawn down the middle of her young pelvic mound and not yet ready to greet the world. It had been closed so tightly at first, until that little wrinkle appeared at the very top of her cleft; the undeniably softest thing I have ever touched.

I handed her a towel and watched while she carefully dried every last part of her delectable body, including that perfect pussy. I had watched it grow and develop right along with the rest of her. I was even there when she first felt the new tinglings awaken within her body. Even before she knew what masturbation was, she had been so cute cupping her pussy and rocking on the balls of her feet with her gorgeous blue eyes open wide in wonder while unfamiliar, yet pleasurable feelings flooded her young system.

That's when I had first started to notice the moisture. As she asked for, and completed, more and more dares, I had gotten to watch firsthand as she unlocked the joyous mysteries of her body and it's unbelievably rapturous capabilities; up to and including orgasmic bliss. Along the way, I grew quite skilled at measuring her arousal level. In short, I could read her pussy like a book. At the moment, I gauged it at a 6 out of 10. She was feeling the effects of my breast massage but not quite in the diamond zone.

When she had finished drying off, she looked up with a perky smile and said "Thanks, Mikey. You wanna go watch some TV before bed?"

I nodded and she happily turned and hung her towel over the bar. Then, turning back to me, she clasped her hands contentedly and tilted her head as if waiting for me to lead the way.

More than happy to accommodate, I stepped out into the hallway and started for the stairs. Lucy, honoring the terms of her dare, trailed behind me still completely naked. Oh, did I forget to mention she was in the middle of a dare? I guess I better back up to the beginning of the summer and explain further.


