Naked in the Trailer Park
A Naked in the Trailer Park Story
by Eddie Davidson

Chapter 3

“Look at that slut!” the giggles from behind Harley had begun five minutes earlier but the taunting was growing louder. It was morning and Harley was waiting at the bus stop at the front of the trailer park with her brothers.

“Oh my god, Becky! Look at her butt!” Heather Donaldson said to her sister. The two heavy set girls had teased them the most about being naked but there were six or seven other kids laughing at the shocking scene of three naked kids waiting for the school bus as if it were perfectly normal.

Except it wasn’t perfectly normal – at least not here.

“Does she look like one of those rap girls in a video?” Rally turned around sheepishly. Leonard, Harley and Rally had tried the tactic of standing with their backs to everyone else and pretending they didn’t hear them and it wasn’t working very well.

“What? What does that even mean?” Heather had no idea what Rally was talking about. Rally had been quoting from Sir Mix-A-Lott’s “I like Girls with Big Butts” because the first line from the song is “Oh my god, Becky! Look at her butt!” said with the same inflection that Heather had just used but obviously she didn’t get his reference.

“It means shut the fuck up and stop making fun of my big sister,” Rally stood up for Harley- it was the first time he had ever done that. He was shy and usually avoided conflict. It made Harley smile although she didn’t want to tell him so – at least not yet.

“Or what? You’ll turn around and swing your big old ding-a-ling at us?” Becky and Heather laughed. They had cherubic like faces and plump round bodies. They had been the targets of Harley’s ridicule for a long time and Harley had found it easier to stand with her back to them then turn around and face them with her clit sticking straight out – so she had said nothing and just gritted her teeth. She had however plotted revenge in her mind at least a dozen things she’d do to get even after this was over.

They had been given a big talk this morning during breakfast. They were to be on their best behavior and polite and anyone could tell on them for being rude or crude or even scratching themselves weird in public. The boys were not to get erect or make it appear they were touching themselves in anyway. They could also not cover themselves with their hands. They had lessons on how to say please, thank you, and it was difficult for even Rally to begin when he had never had to talk that way before.

Frank had made sure everyone was clean and had a clear backpack. Inside was a hand picked outfit that they could wear to school and would be ‘street legal’ as they called it. It wasn’t going to be much but it wouldn’t be slutty either. They could put that on at the bus. “The bus driver knows and you have three minutes to get dressed once you are on the bus. You’ll have the same amount of time to undress before you get off the bus on the way home and then you’ll report straight back home to tell me how your day went.”

Frank had remained sober and lucid all night and that surprised everyone. He seemed more assertive by morning but he was caring and nurturing at the same time. They were to tell him about their homework and when Harley and Leonard suggested they didn’t get homework he said “Bullshit, I am not your mom. You don’t think we are going to talk to your teachers? You be nice at school or we’ll know.”

It surprised everyone – but at the same time it made sense to the kids they would have to act polite at school. That is what it was at first – an act. They were playing a game of please and thank you. They didn’t really mean it but they were saying the words that they were expected to hear. This was the first time this morning that any of them have raised their voices.

“No, I won’t hit you with my dick or anything. I am just asking you to have a heart. This is difficult enough to stand out here like this. Can’t you be nice?” Rally asked politely. He naturally had a lot of restraint. He wanted to tell the girls to fuck off like his sister – but he was too shy and the fact that he was naked made him feel even more vulnerable.

“Well, gee let me think about that? Heather what do you say?” Becky asked her sister and the two of them giggled a solid No. “Your sister was the absolute worse to us. Now turn around and let us take a few pictures.”

“We don’t have to do what you tell us,” Harley gritted her teeth and seethed the words in a whisper.

“You have to be nice and you can’t hide. As far as I can tell you are hiding by staying turned around the other way so all we can see is that big fat butt of yours.” Heather said. Heather’s butt was three times the size of Harley’s ass.

“It’s bait, they are baiting us,” Rally whispered to Leonard and his sister.

“Masturbating you? Gross! You aren’t going to go all Jeremy over there on us are you?” Heather said about the chronic masturbator Jeremy. Jeremy was something of a social pariah after all the rumors about his masturbating – it made him feel gross.

“It was like once, let it go,” Jeremy was one of the boys at the bus stop and he was one of Rally’s only friends. A red-headed boy who was mostly staring at Harley’s ass in awe and not laughing. He was snapping mental pictures for later of Harley – even though he never masturbated in public. It was a nasty rumor someone started so long ago he couldn’t remember who and now even he believed it.

“You did it at the pep rally, you did it at the family reunion, you did it at the Piggly Wiggly, you did it at the Doctor’s Office,” Becky started to list off places Jeremy had been caught masturbating before he hushed her up.

“No, bait. I mean you are making fun of us trying to get us mad. If we just turn around and let you take a picture then what? Your ammunition to make us feel bad is gone.” Rally turned around and faced the girls and stood defiantly but Leonard and Harley remained with their backs turned.

“Well, you can dance around a bit or something can’t you?” Heather giggled.

“Make it like a Helicopter? Can you spin that thing like a Helicopter?” Becky added.

It was at that point a blue Mustang tore down the street. It was Todd Hoffman, local bad-ass and dope dealer. He never just drove the car – he always made sure it made a lot of noise as he did.

“Hey, what the fuck? Why are you out here streaking in front of my sister?” Todd slammed on his breaks and slammed his car door. He had on a muscle shirt, and had a very thin mustache. He looked like a young Matthew Mcconaughey with acne. His sister was one of the girls who had quietly been standing in shock while everyone giggled.

“You think it’s funny to stand around waving your dick at the cars that pass by on the highway? You fucking pervert,” Todd grabbed a tire iron out of his car and started to walk over to intimidate rally. He hadn’t noticed Leonard. Todd was a little older than Leonard but he was probably not as strong.

Leonard turned around and so did Harley as Todd walked up to them as if he was going to beat the snot out of Rally. He was indignant and seemed shocked.

It was very believable except Todd immediately backed down when he saw Leonard. “I am just busting your chops, man. I heard about Earl’s whole deal and all man,” Todd checked out Harley and she smiled sheepishly at him. Todd was a total asshole but she had a crush on him since 8th grade.

He whistled and then his eyes got wide when he saw her clit protruding between her pussy lips. It was dripping wet. “Dang, slippery snail trails this morning. You guys are fucked up for doing this. I mean really fucking twisted and all,” he offered his hand to Leonard to shake but then pulled it back quickly and wiped his hair “Too slow,” he smiled.

At this point, there was no turning back around. The three of them were facing the other students at the bus stop and Todd and he quickly lost interest in bullying Rally “Smell you later, Gaters!” and took off.

“Why are you blushing, sis?” Leonard and Rally knew full well that Harley had a crush on Todd but refused to admit it.

“Yah, that’s what that is,” Becky smirked as she indicated the wet spot between Harley’s legs but now Harley was facing Becky and she intimidated her with her eyes into saying nothing. “You better not tell Uncle Frank we are not being polite or someone’s ass is getting kicked after this is all over,” Harley said for everyone’s benefit.

Just before the bus pulled in the door to their trailer opened and Frank brought their mother outside. She waved at them. Tammy hadn’t woken up this early “Since she had court that one time” and was a little stunned to be doing so without coffee.

“Have fun in the salt mines,” Harley shouted half-joking as the bus pulled up. They boarded and got dressed quickly and took their seats.

Tammy’s “light gardening work” was anything but light. They gave her all the shit jobs to do including cleaning the pool, the bathrooms, and mowing lawns but she did them all and she did them naked.

Earl made her ride in his truck naked to the Wal-mart and gave her a “Mu-Mu” type dress to wear. Tammy was reluctant to try salads or fresh fruit preferring instead French fries and jello. “That has fruit in it doesn’t it” but after she tried a Caesar Salad she found she liked it.

“It’s like Ranch but not as bland” she said.

Tammy was not someone who took to hard work and many times on her first day Earl, Skinny or Frank had to remind her that she could get an infraction if she didn’t finish up or move faster. She raked, she mowed, she blew leaves, she drained gutters, she cleaned, she power-washed and all the while naked.

She was actually proud of herself – despite the fact that the guys would have only given her a barely passing grade for helping out considering she moved slow and had to have things explained to her several times. She often did so intentionally to pad her time – almost by intention but she was starting to feel proud she had made it this far and in the work she was doing.

Her friend Gabby came over to the pool where she worked. Gabby is someone who talks a lot just like her name implies. “I can’t believe you are doing this. Don’t you feel weird? What if my son sees you naked. Aren’t you worried he’ll see you naked? Don’t you think this is dirty? Have you ever done anything like this? I could never do anything like this. I am so worried they will make me if we don’t pay rent. I would never be able to do it. You are so brave, what have your kids said?”

This went on for a good twenty minutes while Tammy tried to answer her politely. At a certain point, she couldn’t take trying to be nice any longer and she apologized and held her hand up.

“Uncle Frank, Sir I am sorry but I have to tell Gabby to fuck off. I can’t take her constant questions and I am just going to go ahead and accept the spanking. Do you do it here or after she has fucked the fuck off to whatever hell that spawned her incessant chatter?”

Frank was shocked because there was no talk of spanking since the night before. Tammy was really just bluffing in the hopes that Gabby would take a strong hint.

“Sure, I guess just grab your ankles and we’ll do it right here then if you need one to correct your attitude. It may just help you move a little faster,” Frank answered her without thinking too much about it. He had grown up on a farm where discipline was a regular part of life but he hadn’t spanked a grown woman this way in his entire life.

“Sorry Gabby, I appreciate your interest and all but you probably don’t want to see this,” Tammy reluctantly grabbed her own ankles and spread her ass. She did so to scare Gabby off but what she didn’t realize was that Frank intended for Gabby to spank her.

“You offended Gabby and as Mr. Earl said you will ask her to correct you and thank her afterwards,” Frank said.

It sounded like the most outrageous thing anyone had ever suggested to Tammy and she had watched every episode of Jerry Springer from 1996 to present.

“That would be fine, Please Gabby would you give me 10 licks across my backside so that I will be better before you fuck off, ever so kindly?” Tammy’s intention was to mock Gabby and make her feel scared to take the offer.

“That isn’t how you ask politely. Try again,” Gabby began to spank her friend’s bare ass with her hand and after the second slapped asked to stop.

“Oh Sorry Ma’am, is my hard ass hurting your hand? Well I do thank you for trying and I am sorry my first apology didn’t work to your satisfaction.” Tammy offered slyly.

“No, I was going too fast and you weren’t counting. Can I take off my shoe? I feel more comfortable using my shoe. My shoe is much better as a spanking surface. It is what I used on my own son when he is bad. Jeremy is bad pretty often,” she started to explain and as she did she made Tammy count out every stroke and regret each and every one.

In the end, she probably did about 25 and several people in the trailer park had stopped to watch but not one person stopped it. A few people may have even recorded it on cell phone.

When Tammy stood up she wanted to deck her friend but she was crying – it wasn’t unhappy tears and it wasn’t happy. She felt a warm sensation on her ass a few minutes later and for the rest of the day worked twice as hard as she had.

“Uncle Frank Sir, let’s not share this with the kids?” she suggested as the bus pulled up.

“Honesty is the best policy but I see no reason to bring it up unless you need another?” Frank said.

“No Sir, I think that one was more than enough,” her ass still stung and it was red and sore. She found herself saying Sir to even random men and not just Earl, Skinny and Frank and it sounded less weird after the spanking.

One by one her kids got off the bus completely naked carrying their clear back packs. A bus full of laughing kids pulled away as the red-faced teens hustled home. They didn’t really want to talk about their day but Frank checked their backpacks and then revealed Dinner was on the table.

“Cool, Pizza again?” Harley asked.

“Did you order Chinese?” Rally was enthusiastic - he was hungry and Chinese was his favorite.

Leonard was just happy for some grub.

They nearly fell over when they found a home cooked meal waiting for them on the table.

“Who made this?” Harley asked as she dug into the Stroganoff.

“I did, silly!” Tammy had a bittersweet smile on her face. She realized her kids were happy but they were shocked because they had no idea she even knew how to cook. “I should have been making dinners like this before.”

“Can you teach me how to cook like this?” Harley asked and when she said yes, Rally and Leonard also asked if their mom could teach Harley to cook that way. They joked like that and around the house they had become comfortable seeing each other naked. It was no longer something they were staring at.

Later that evening Gabby came back over. This time Tammy was a lot more polite when she greeted her at the door.

“Can I come in,” Gabby asked.

“Door is always open, Ma’am” Tammy answered naturally.

“Quite literally, like always open” Harley quipped sarcastically. No one seemed to notice the genuine look of fear on Tammy’s face or that she had called her Ma’am. It was the first time she called any woman Ma’am today since the spanking.

“I just was thinking about what happened earlier and I wanted to come over and apologize,” Gabby said.

“No need, no need,” Tammy didn’t want her kids to find out she had requested and received a spanking from a family friend – out in the open.

“Yes, now you sometimes won’t let me get a word in edge wise,” Gabby said. The opposite was true but from Gabby’s perspective she came to say what she wanted to say and she was going to say it. “I shouldn’t have been asking all those questions on your first day like this. I was just so shocked and it is my coping mechanism to talk,” she said.

“Think nothing of it, Ma’am,” this time it was noticed by everyone when Tammy called her Ma’am but it was already done. They knew she had started talking more politely and they weren’t suspicious. It sounded weird hearing any of them say please, thank you and being considerate.

“I shouldn’t have been short with you. What we are doing is very unusual. If you have questions, you are welcome to sit down and ask them. I just ask that you ask them one at a time,” Tammy smiled. She found that she liked being reasonable. She could have said something snappy and mean and probably sent Gabby on her way like she always did.

“No, no I asked what I wanted to ask. It’s just well, I need to apologize to you. It’s just over the years you’ve put me down, and asked to borrow stuff and then never returned it, or committed to babysit for me and then at the last minute cancelled and well when you asked me to spank you, I just got carried away,” Gabby looked embarrassed as she admitted to the shocked room. “I just don’t want there to be hard feelings or when this is over you to feel weird about it.”

Gabby looked like she may be thinking Tammy would seek revenge even for the public humiliation she had received.

“You spanked mom?” Harley was the first one with a big grin on her face and a glance at her mom who was looking down.

“Well yeah, she asked me too,” Gabby didn’t want Harley to be angry at her. Harley could intimidate even adults and she never really liked Gabby very much – much less her son Jeremy.

“She ASKED you too? Why did you do that Mom?” Harley enjoyed putting her mom on the spot and making her uncomfortable and this was getting weirder by the moment.

“Well, I” Tammy was rarely at a loss for words until she cleared her throat and said that honesty was the best policy.

“Since when is that?” Harley seemed surprised Honesty was never the value of the house.

“Since we stripped away our clothes and started the program. We tell the truth. My friend Gabby was asking me a lot of questions and I started to get frustrated so I asked your Uncle Frank to spank me before I mouthed off to her. I was kind of hoping she would go away and be shocked but instead he told her since I offended her she could spank me.”

“So just let her? Hahahah ... This totally makes up for what I had to put up with from the Donaldson’s today!” Harley laughed loud and long for a moment.

“No, I ASKED her to spank me because I was being a brat and afterwards I worked twice as hard and found it easier to do my work without sassing back. So there are no hard feelings and I am grateful. I wasn’t even aware I had stuff of yours. I am afraid it is all in storage now though. They took just about everything out of here, Ma’am.”

This time when Tammy said Ma’am it clicked in Harley’s head and she had a whole new respect for Gabby being able to put her mom in her place.

“Hahah, I would have liked to have seen that. I find it hard to believe you picked up speed just because someone spanked your ass.”

“Well, maybe you should let Mrs. Gabby do it to you and see for yourself since you won’t believe me, Mrs. Smarty Pants?” Tammy glared at her daughter.

Gabby may have been game to spank Tammy in a fit of anger as a one-off but she was definitely more intimidated by Harley.

“Mrs. Gabby? Since when do you address her like that?” Harley seemed puzzled.

“Since page 39 of your handbook or whatever page it is. You will address her the same way or ask for a spanking of your own,” Tammy assured her daughter.

“You remember? You can’t tell me what to do at all. Same rules for you as for me! We are on the same level!” Harley blurted out angrily. The point she was making was that her mother had to follow the same rules and therefore could not tell her what to do.

Frank added “Yes, the same rules and since your mother was rude to Gabby and so were you then I would ask that you both stand up and grab your ankles and then request an equal spanking.” Frank said.

“Same rules, short Fry!” Tammy was already standing up and turned around to face her ass towards her friend Gabby.

“No way, you aren’t gonna! Not in front of Rally and Leonard?” Harley was smiling at the absolute absurdity of the spectacle she imagined in her mind of everyone watching a shared spanking.

“Mr. Abernathy stood outside and pretended to walk his dog for 5 minutes while she gave it to me good!” Tammy assured her daughter as she bent over and grabbed her ankles with her legs apart. “Ma’am, would you mind giving me a spanking for being rude to you here. I have also as you said in the past borrowed your things with zero intention of returning them and made plans to help you with no intention to show up.”

“You never intended to show up or bring them back? You always made it seem like you forgot”

“I never forgot, Ma’am” Tammy said as she looked over her shoulder with an unrepentant smile. “I really shouldn’t. I mean, my son is waiting for me outside.”

Tammy looked out the window and saw Jeremy touching his crotch through his jeans and staring in.

“How rude of us not to invite him in. Would you mind if we invite him or would you prefer to spank us both outside, Ma’am?”

“Well, I don’t know,” Gabby was dismayed and put off by the request.

“You aren’t really going to spank us with your bare hands are you? That’s crazy!” Harley seemed more intrigued to see her mom get a spanking at Gabby’s hands then she did fear that she would be getting one too.

“No, she uses her shoe. It is very effective. She gave me thirty five and made me count every one of them.”

“I did? I thought it was closer to ten,” Gabby was a little flustered and it was getting hot in the house.

“Well, I think 35 was a very odd number,” Frank suggested that he liked even numbers like “Fifty”

Harley began to realize that everyone was serious and eventually agreed to them as long as she wasn’t made to go outside.

Jeremy too had a litany of issues with Harley that stemmed from the third grade when she spread rumors about him being a chronic masturbate at summer camp and it wasn’t until his mother had given her the twentieth swat that she admitted she had started the rumor because she perceived Jeremy had put gum in her pony tails.

Once both women had received fifty swats each from Gabby she was exhausted and quite a bit turned on. This was the first real spanking that Harley had ever received and she was aroused as well. Frank decided she would wear her hair in pig tails for the duration of the program as a sign of contrition rather than permit Jeremy to spank her.

The girls were polite and contrite for the rest of the evening and well into the next day despite occasionally reverting to their normal sassiness – old habits died hard.

Leonard actually asked for a spanking but he had done nothing wrong. Frank asked him why and he said that he just wanted to behave himself.

Mr. Abernathy started walking their dog a lot and looking in the Davidson’s window. It turns out Mrs. Abernathy didn’t mind that much because with the help of a little Viagra the daring neighbors had made him horny at night.

Rally had an erection problem and found himself frequently hard around the trailer – much more frequently than Leonard. Frank made them stand in the corner until their boners went away – which amused their sister to no end as the two of them helpless stood with nose and the head of their cocks pushed up against the wall and waited for permission to stop.

Leonard didn’t seem all that bothered by it though. He grinned and took it all in stride and Rally was determined to get that degree no matter what it cost him in pride and comfort. He wasn’t permitted to talk while he was in the corner so he saved all his come backs for his older sister and mom’s wise cracks until he was allowed to sit down.

“Why do you get so hard? It’s just your sister and me that are naked. Stop thinking dirty thoughts, Rally and get your mind out of the gutter and you won’t have to stand so much,” his mother told him.

Gabby agreed to come over more frequently after first night and Frank told her she and her son Jeremy no longer had to knock on the door. “Wow, no one has ever told me they wanted me to come over before. That’s great! I am shocked actually by all of this but I appreciate it,” Gabby continued to talk for 15 minutes after her first goodbye that first night and when Tammy didn’t slam the door in her face and tell her to go home she eventually ran out of steam twenty minutes later as everyone politely waited for her to stop talking.

It was the first time since Gabby new Tammy that she hadn’t been rudely told to go home because Tammy was tired of ‘listening to her bullshit’.

Chapter 4

“Please smack my booty, Mrs. Becky,” Harley was holding her ankles with her feet wide apart at the bus stop.

Harley had endured five long days of the program. The chunky Donaldson sisters had reported Harley for being prissy and impolite to them to Frank. They even had video on a cell phone of Harley flipping them a bird and telling them to “Kiss her ever loving booty”.

As compensation, Frank had said that every morning she was to hold her butt cheeks apart with her middle fingers like she was shooting a bird at the bus stop and beg Heather and Becky to ‘smack her booty – fresh and fruity’ and thank them after they each gave her 10 swats to remind Harley that she should never talk back to her betters and that this would be considered an infraction every time she failed to beg them to spank her behind at the bus stop until Friday.

This was the final day and Heather and Becky had their fun earlier in the week and were letting Harley sweat it out. They were recording her with their cell phones and making Harley really beg and repeat “Please smack my booty fresh and fruity!”

This drove Harley crazy because it was embarrassing enough to bare her ass to her classmates. She had “We failed to pay rent” written in red in magic marker on her butt cheeks as did her mom and brothers.

It was made even worse by having to say that her booty was “Fresh and fruity” and ask to have it spanked.

It was Friday but the boys at her bus stop had not tired of looking at her bald pussy and pink puckered asshole or her perky tits as she endured their constant teasing. She wore her hair in pig tails as a sign of contrition to Jeremy and had to admit to everyone she started the rumors years ago.

This hadn’t completely exonerated Jeremy though. The rumors had spread so much that he was a chronic masturbator that people had started to believe he really had jerked off in church or school and been caught even when he hadn’t.

“Oh for the love of Pete will you please just spank my sister? The bus is almost here and the infractions add up,” Rally couldn’t stand the fact that the two smug, chubby little blonde sisters were snorting and giggling as they listened to her beg and asked her to repeat herself a little louder.

Harley flashed him an angry glare – after all he had just asked that she be spanked but at the same time it was to save her from infractions. She had been warned that she was nearing “Extra duty” status and she thought Rally would probably love it if she ended up having to accept them.

This week Gabby came over every night and usually ended up spanking both of them. Tammy would actually encourage it at some point because she was finding that when she got a little smack or two she actually found it easier to accept what was happening. She also seemed to think it was helping and she wanted to improve her attitude.

She had started to feel new feelings of guilt she had never felt before about being neglectful and more of a friend then a parent. She had enjoyed seeing everyone sit down at the dinner table and eat what she cooked and she also liked the fact she had good food to cook instead of junk food. She felt like she would naturally backslide back to her old habits if she didn’t get spanked.

Earl and Frank also obliged her during the day with a good spanking now and then –right out in the open where anyone could see her bent over getting a rosy-red ass. Skinny on the other hand had been too shy and was worried she was actually going to snap his head off if he hit her too hard.

Tammy had a tendency to slip back into her old attitude and say smart ass comments or be manipulative. She had somehow procured a bottle of whiskey but rather than offer it to Uncle Frank had left it where her daughter would find it. She knew that Harley would probably try to tempt Frank into having a drink.

If he did then they would lose a month off their program and Frank would suffer no consequences as far as Tammy was concerned. She wasn’t comfortable with her own Uncle spanking her ass but she had to accept it since he was the boss for now. She assumed Frank would eventually backslide anyway.

If Frank didn’t submit to temptation then Tammy would be insulated from any extensive punishment and it would go to Harley. She knew they wouldn’t punish her hard and she hated seeing herself reflected in her daughter’s cranky attitude so much that she secretly felt vindicated when she saw Harley get a cumuppance. She was hoping it may actually improve her daughter’s attitude.

Tammy was a naturally manipulative tricky bitch and she knew it. She felt it may be too late to change her own ways for good but she thought t may not be too late to straighten Harley out some and keep her from turning out like her.

Naturally, Frank didn’t take the bait and when Harley was caught as the culprit she realized her mother had set her up. Harley accepted Frank’s punishment and it was explained that the two of them had the most infractions of anyone in the family and were close to being assigned “Extra duties”.

Harley didn’t like cleaning, being polite and calling Frank Sir – she definitely didn’t want to clean up for her brothers and call them Sir and she knew that was just part of the ‘extra duties’.

Harley tried to get even with her mother. The entire family enjoyed practical jokes but it was not easy when you are naked, constantly without privacy and almost everything you own was put in storage. Harley is a clever bitch though and she quietly farted several times around her Uncle and Gabby and then made it seem as though her mom farted intentionally near them both.

Surprisingly, instead of denying it her Mom looked up at Harley with a hurt expression on her face and then said “Yes Mrs. Gabby and Mr. Frank, I farted. I could have held it until I was not in your face but I intentionally bent over and let one rip. I know it was not only rude but that I set a bad example for my DAUGHTER on how a proper woman should behave. Would you be kind enough to correct me?”

She took her spanking in stride.

Later, she grabbed Harley by the hair and pulled her in close when Frank could not see. “We are in this together you little twat. Payback is a bitch and you are looking at the Queen Bitch. Now is not the time though. Stop your little games or we’ll all be in trouble. They are just looking for a reason to make things harder on us and we are fucking up!”

Harley assumed Earl was bluffing and that her Mom was just angry because she couldn’t think of any good paybacks.

She also hid her little brother’s X-box controller outside, made snide comments all week and especially enjoyed teasing Mr. Abernathy who had become something of a fixture standing outside their door.

The Swede was also a regular visitor. He said he enjoyed “voyeurism” though and didn’t want to come inside – he just wanted to watch from outside. Harley had called it “Cringe-worthy” but the older gentleman just shrugged. He liked to point out he was actually from Norway and not Sweden but the nickname stuck.

There were other people that week who stopped by. The sign outside the trailer invited people to have a look around and come over but most people were a little intimidated and wrapped up in their own lives to do more than a slow-drive by and gawk. The family had gotten used to it on some level and Rally called it “Living in a Fish bowl” being naked in a trailer with no windows or curtains.

They had made it to Friday but none of them had confidence they could last a full three months this way – except for Leonard. Things seemed to work out for Leonard. He had become more popular at school and Todd Hoffman’s little sister had a huge crush on him. Even the Donaldson sisters found nothing to mock the handsome kid with as they often stared at his biceps and dreamy eyes.

Even if they had – Leonard was dense enough that some jokes would go over his head and good natured enough that he didn’t take them personally if they didn’t.

Rally was very jealous of Leonard for what came natural to Leonard didn’t to him. He was smart, sensitive and often the exact opposite of his older brother. Jeremy had been sympathetic to his situation but he received more teasing than Harley or Leonard simply because he was the easiest to pick on.

The kids in the trailer park didn’t like “egg heads” and they knew Rally wouldn’t fight back. They called him dweeb and dork and even pervert. There were some envious of his massive cock who found ways to even make fun of him for that. Someone said it looked like a Capri Sun pouch that someone blew into until it turned inside out. Another person said that his dick looked like a Baby’s arm holding a small potato.

He didn’t think he’d ever get a chance to date in High School but now he was sure that after everyone had seen him naked he was definitely not going too ever live it down. Rally just remained focus on starting his social life over in College.

That morning the Donaldson sisters didn’t spank Harley but as the bus arrived they ran up and patted her butt like they were playing the bongo a few times before giggling and running on board. One of them grabbed her backpack and because of the stipulation she was to be polite she rode almost the entire way to school completely naked.

Leonard didn’t change into his clothes until his sister got her clothes back although Rally did. He shrugged and Harley glared at him “That’s okay Rally, no one wants to see your puny little butt anyway” as she sat on the bare plastic school bus seat next to her brother completely nude and looked out the window on the ride through the country.

That day one of the guidance counselors asked Rally to come down to the office. He asked Rally if everything was going okay. “We’ve heard some weird rumors and I just want you to understand you can tell me anything if you want too,” he guidance counsellor assured him.

“I am fine,” he wasn’t going to admit what had happened but he already knew Mr. Hill had heard the rumors so he explained “This is like the program in those Wisconsin schools up north. We voluntarily entered into it and I’ve actually learned a lot.”

“Those are highly controversial programs and frankly I am not convinced of their effectiveness. I would think they are more disruptive on proper education than anything else,” Mr. Hill shook his head. He hated liberal educators and took a more pragmatic approach. “You can learn about the body from a text book or a computer or a good piece of art. I don’t see why anyone would need to hot foot around the school shaking what they got,” he said.

It seemed to Rally that despite the protests Mr. Hill secretly would love to imagine adopting that program in his school and wanted to hear some details. “I guess though to you as a red blooded boy – it probably excites you to see nudity all the time?”

“Well, it would be better if it was anyone but my sister and mom but she is my half-sister anyway, I guess there is that,” Rally admitted.

Mr. Hill nodded in agreement and asked if any of it was sexual.

“Not really – in fact, if I get a hard on I have to stand in the corner,” Rally was embarrassed to say.

Mr. Hill couldn’t help but laugh at that and then asked if he could visit sometime.

“Actually, we can’t turn anyone away at any time. My Uncle Frank would make us greet you and welcome you in the house.”

“That’s so crazy!” Mr. Hill couldn’t hide his smile behind his massive mustache. “If we had the program here in school would you do it?”

“Everyone on my bus has already seen me naked and I am getting used to it and if it would get me a free ride to college, you bet your sweet bippy I would,” Rally agreed.

“You are such a strange kid. No one says sweet bippy any more, not even old timers like me who were around when that was a phrase. The administration is aware and while I don’t think there is any chance we’ll be progressive enough to adopt your program here – I would like to come out and see for myself if you are really okay with it. It means I am going to see your mom and sister naked though and I can’t unsee that – you are okay with that?”

“You wouldn’t be the only one who has seen their boobs bouncing around in the trailer. They both bopped the crap out of each other last night in a pillow fight over something and when I woke up this morning a couple guys I know texted me the pictures from their cell phones,” Rally chuckled.

On the ride home, Harley and Leonard also said they were met by members of the administration and questioned about the program. Harley thought it was “Creepy AF” that Mr. Hill invited himself over and called him a “pervert” but said this Mrs. Muller the PE teacher who was asked to talk to her wasn’t that much better.

“She said in Germany where she grew up they had athletics in the nude all the time. They swam in the nude in big gymnasiums and they had a more accepting culture about it. She told me it really allowed an athlete to focus on their body performance with no distractions. I think she just wanted to get in my pants though,” Harley said skeptically.

“Speaking of which, it’s almost that time to get undressed” Rally pointed out as they entered the part of the highway that was five minutes away from their trailer park.

“What if we don’t get undressed? What are they gonna do? It’s not like they can make us,” Harley asked. She was gauging their reaction.

“We’ve already started and I guess they’d kick us out of the trailer park,” Leonard said as he stood up in his seat and pulled off his shirt revealing his powerful well-scupted chest.

“Would that really be that bad?” Harley was reluctant to get undressed.

“You are just afraid you got extra duty tonight?” Leonard poked his twin sister in the stomach jokingly and smirked. He knew they would be evaluated tonight and she had been warned it was coming.

“I am definitely not going to call you sir and kiss your asses,” Harley perked up and laughed but said she wasn’t afraid of the possibility of extra duty. Leonard teased her a few times until Harley flipped him off and told him she wasn’t afraid of anything.

“Help me out Rally,” Leonard was already undressed as Rally started reluctantly to take his own clothes off. “If we are the boss of Harley and she flips us off does that mean we get to spank her ass for a week?”

Harley punched her brother and began to take her own clothes off as well with two minutes left before the bus stop. “What if YOU get extra duties? You gonna mind calling me Ma’am and doing what I tell ya?” Harley quipped sarcastically as she popped off her shirt and revealed she had no bra underneath as her tits bounced slightly in front of her.

“It wouldn’t bother me none. Hell, we could take turns,” Leonard bowed deeply to her and called her “Majesty” while taking his seat naked as a jaybird.

A car honked it’s horn when they noticed the topless girl next to the shirtless boy in the window of the bus.

“Hey! What’s up??” Leonard offered a friendly wave and his sister a middle finger.

“You better stop though – what if they report you to Uncle Frank?” Rally warned his sister.

“They don’t count because it aint on school grounds or at the trailer park,” Harley shook her head and made a quizzical expression.

“You are supposed to be nice everywhere always,” Rally reminded her.

“Well, I can’t fucking do that so they may as well give me extra duties because If I don’t flash a middle finger now and then at a motherfucker that deserves it then I’ll pop my foot off in the ass of someone who doesn’t,” Harley said and that was all she said about it.

They arrived at the trailer park as naked as they left with their backpacks. It was Friday and no one stayed on the bus any longer than they had too. It had been a long grueling and humiliating week. However, no one on the bus seemed as shocked as they had the first few days and other than a few pinches and pokes as they left – almost no wise cracks or serious gooses as they left the bus.

Once they got to the trailer their Mom had dinner on the table, a smile on her face, and a very red butt and tits. She had been slapped on the boobs when it seemed that the swats on the ass had lost some of their effectiveness.

She asked about their day and genuinely seemed to want to hear about it. It felt strange to Tammy who normally didn’t want to hear anything from anybody and prided herself on being able to avoid being sucked into a long story. She had always believed “If people ask you about your day, they don’t really want to hear about how it went.”

However, she was genuinely finding herself interested and when the kids said they had been approached by the administration she was curious what would happen as a result. “We aren’t in any danger and nothing abusive is going on, I guess there is really nothing they need to get their panties in a bunch about,” she said.

“Well, you got your tits smacked today or is that just a very intense sunburn?” Harley asked.

Tammy was taken aback by how blunt her daughter was but she was just like her when it came to saying what was on her mind.

“I made the mistake of asking Skinny for a correction when I got mouthy today and he said that my butt was already numb from the last spanking so he spanked my tits with a wooden paddle,” Tammy admitted like it was a fairly normal thing to say out loud – because it had become a regular part of their lives.

“You sure you don’t ask for these corrections because you get off on them or just want to fuck off and stop doing work?” Harley teased her mom. It was a common thread to their discussions and Tammy had assured her that she genuinely needed a good hard knock every now and again.

“I am like a mule. I can follow a carrot to walk but sometimes I need a whip to make me run,” Tammy admitted. She didn’t like to accept it but there it was now and she said it out loud.

“You are more of a jack ass then a mule,” Harley laughed and teased her mom and the two of them went back and forth like that for a few minutes with Tammy saying Harley was the “Daughter of a jack ass and her boys were sons of a bitch” then.

There was a knock on the door and Uncle Frank who had been sipping on some coffee said “Greeting positions! Whose turn is it to go to the door?”

He had established a routine so that everyone had a chance to properly greet someone. Everyone else had to stand when someone entered and be ready to greet them personally.

“It’s mine, Uncle Frank,” Rally went to the door without covering himself and half-expected to see Mr. Hill standing there. Instead, it was Earl.

“Hello Mr. Earl and welcome, won’t you please come in?” Rally said the customary greeting and opened the door for him.

Their landlord Earl didn’t have to knock but he wanted to see how everyone did. He was pleased to see everyone was standing attentively and ready to greet whoever walked through the door. “Smiles on your faces and everything! Wow, you have improved. This clipboard though will tell me how much you have improved and what you still need work on.”

“Yes, thank you Mr. Earl,” everyone said almost in unison. It was customary to respond that way to Earl when he asked them a question now.

Earl offered to let everyone sit and finish their dinner or they could hear the results of their first week evaluation now.

Surprisingly, only Leonard wanted to continue to eat as he was in no hurry to hear the results. The others also suspected this was a trick question (Which it was) to get them to seem selfish and disrespectful of Earl’s time.

Once Leonard realized no one else was eating he stood back up and waited like the others for the results.

“First, the good,” Earl pointed out that no one had been seriously tardy this week and said that was as much Uncle Frank’s leadership as it was their tenacity. Earl pointed out they had not snuck clothing, snuck out of the trailer, and that everyone attended school and completed their homework.

They weren’t even aware that was one of the things they were being graded upon.

Earl listed off the infractions through the week. These were mostly sassy talk-backs, accidentally covering one’s self. Each was cataloged and there were some that even they didn’t know had been caught on.

It wasn’t just Harley or Tammy. Leonard and Rally had a series of infractions – most of which stemming from being caught touching themselves or having a boner when they shouldn’t.

Earl said most of this was expected from people who were naturally lazy and taught to be manipulative but that it definitely needed improvement. He said that he wanted to cover the bad and pointed out the times that the Donaldson sisters had recorded Harley flipping them off.

Harley was going to offer a defense but Earl cut her off and when she folded her arms in front of her he wrote something on the clipboard.

“Fine, if you don’t want to hear my side of it,” she stewed and told him to write that down too –which he did.

“I know your side of it. Your side is that you think you can flip people off still and that we aren’t watching very carefully. Those girls are brats but they are better than you and as I understand it, your Uncle Frank had you beg them to spank you every day this past week until today when they refused. How did that make you feel?”

“Stupid as fuck,” Harley admitted before adding an obligatory Sir at the end as an after thought.

“Yet you did as you were told and that is to your credit. If you continue to antagonize them are you prepared to show up every day at the bus stop and repeat the same lesson from them?” Earl asked.

Harley thought about that and shrunk her shoulders down a bit like a scolded puppy. “I will try not to antagonize them, Sir.” She admitted. Earl wrote that down as well.

He pointed out that story about tempting Frank to drink. This surprised Frank since he had not told Earl.

Harley admitted intentionally trying to get him to drink and said she was punished appropriately.

“Did you ever wonder how the whiskey bottle got here?” he asked her and Harley said that she did afterwards. She looked directly at her mother who now looked somewhat sheepish. She had been fairly gung ho about getting disciplined but suddenly she looked nervous about what was going to happen next.

Then he asked Tammy if she wondered how a naked woman had managed to purloin a bottle of whiskey and sneak it into the trailer unnoticed when she had literally no privacy.

“I should have wondered that but you are obviously smarter than I gave you credit for, Mr. Earl” Tammy looked down at her tits and hung her head.

“We have eyes on you and I wasn’t joking when I said we installed cameras. I don’t think you respect the bargain you made with us or the fact that I am spending my time on this when I could be home doing something else,” Earl seemed genuinely serious now.

“I am so sorry and I realize now that I was being a super bitch, Sir!” Tammy admitted.

“You also let your daughter get punished even though you set her up to be tempted,” Earl pointed out.

“In her defense,” Rally started to explain “You set my mom up to be tempted to set up Harley.”

He didn’t help his situation by talking out of turn and Earl wrote that down.

Once they finished going over their progress, Earl showed them that they were behind on the scoring system and asked if they were getting anything out of this and wanted to continue or if they felt it was pointless and they should stop.

He started with Tammy.

“Yes, I am and I appreciate the groceries and the time you are taking with us. I don’t want to stop Sir. I know it’s weird. I should be telling you to get the fuck out of my life but I actually feel guilty about what I did and usually after I’ve fucked somebody over I tend to think it is their fault.”

Next he moved on to Leonard.

“I am cool with it, Sir” Leonard was short and sweet.

He wrote down his observations and asked Harley.

“I am standing here naked aren’t I Sir? We aint perfect, but that’s why we are doing this I guess.”

He wrote that down and asked Rally.

“I am not really sure we should continue,” Rally surprised everyone. He explained that it was starting to feel like a routine and that he and Leonard had seldom been held to the same standards as his sister. “ I ask that you hold me to the same standards and since I was mean to the Donaldson girls too, I’d ask them to spank me. I’d ask Gabby to spank me. We just get sent to the corner, so anytime I pop a boner, I guess I should get spanked,” he asked.

This surprised Earl and he wrote that down. He told him he would be addressing the boner epidemic and that Rally probably won’t like his conclusion but that he agreed that things needed to be more fair IF this program was to continue...

“Okay, I think I’ve made my decision...” Earl said with an expressionless face. The family felt like the last contestants on American Idol waiting to find out if they won – although none of them were quite sure what ‘winning’ actually was at this point. 