Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Seventy: The Houris of the Oasis
Summary: Leo is visited by houris at the oasis while his sister discovers a naughty monster in the desert.
Keywords: MF MFF HF Fsolo inc oral anal mosnter exhib voy fantasy magic
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Mumal Oasis, The Halani Desert

I groaned as the female entity in the water of the oasis engulfed my cock. She suckled at me with a passion. A hunger that I hadn't expected to enjoy. I groaned in delight at her nursing, though. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock.

Gods, I groaned at the sweetness of the unseen spirit loving my cock.

I just enjoyed it as I lay reclined in the warm water of the oasis, the sun rising. After a long night in the desert, this was refreshing. Even with making love to my two sisters and mother, this just made me feel incredible. This spirit was so loving.

A felt another feminine lust moving toward me. A second spirit rose out of the water. I couldn't see hershe didn't so much as disturb the surfacebut her lust let me look at her. She came closer and closer to me until...

I felt a wet pussy on my lips.

I groaned and licked at the unseen spirit's snatch. She had a sweetness to her, but it wasn't the sweetness of a human's pussy. This was pure sweetness. A freshness of clear water. No salty hint in her love juices.

I thrust my tongue out into her pussy. If anyone saw me, they would see me just wiggling my tongue randomly. I didn't care. I was having a lot of fun working my tongue around in her snatch. I enjoyed the taste of this spirit as her mate worked her mouth up and down my cock.

She suckled so hard. With such passion. It was outstanding to feel that unseen mouth working up and down my cock. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to bursting. This was just so hot. So wild. I loved this so much. I groaned as that hot mouth worked up and down me. Just suckled on me with so much passion. I was so ready to cum hard in her mouth. To erupt with all that I had.

Las's big dick, I groaned into the unseen pussy 

I loved the two spirits' passion so much. It was outstanding to feel this hot mouth working up and down my cock. The spirit bobbed her head and loved me as I licked at the second beauty's twat with the perfect amount of passion. 

The spirit on my face shivered as I felt her pleasure growing. I enjoyed what I did to her. I savored how I made her feel. I wiggled my tongue around in her sweetness. The first spirit moaned around my cock. She suckled hard.

I loved that so much. I savored the way she suckled on me with all her might. That's it! Gods damn, you two are just delicious.

The spirit riding my face moaned with wordless delight. She squirmed her twat around my face, stirring me up as she ground on me. The other bobbed her head, sliding those amazing lips up and down my dick.

She knew how to suck on a man to drive him wild. 

I loved how she nursed on me. She suckled on me with all her might. It was a spectacular rush to have her bobbing her head. I enjoyed every last second of her sucking. Every last moment of her nursing on me.

My tongue stroked through the other spirit's folds. I enjoyed the texture of her pussy lips. She squealed when I brushed her clit, sighing like the wind blowing through the palm trees. Her thighs squeezed about my head as I imagined her firm, round tits jiggling.

You're going to drown me, aren't you? I moaned into her pussy.

She groaned in response, grinding her hot twat on my face.

I loved her taste. The flavor of her cunt was such a sweet delight. A dessert after the desert. My tongue stroked through her folds as the pressure in my nuts grew and grew. The closer she came to cumming, the closer I did.

Gods, I moaned, my nuts tightening. Keep sucking!

The first spirit did. She moaned around my cock, nursing with her passion. She danced her tongue around my cock. I loved the feel of her. My eyes closed as my tongue stroked over the second spirit's bud. She gasped, her thighs tightening around her.

I could feel her orgasm swelling faster and faster. She was moments from cumming on me. My hands tightened into fists as I latched onto her bud and suckled hard. I nursed on her with passion. She shuddered on me and burst with delight.

I drank her gush of sweet cream as she sighed out her pleasure. 

Gods damn, I groaned as the pressure burst at the tip of my dick.

I erupted into the first spirit's mouth.

I moaned into the second's pussy as I dumped blast after blast into her first's mouth. She gulped down my cum, moaning around my cock. I shuddered, my legs spasming in the water. The surface rippled around me as I enjoyed every last second of this wondrous delight.

My mind melted with the bliss of this moment. I savored every amazing second of the ecstasy sweeping through me. I groaned, my back arching as filled her mouth with every last drop of spunk that I had in my nuts. 

Damn, I moaned, savoring the juices from the second's twat.

The first spirit gulped down my jizz. She suckled hard to work out the last spurts of my jizz. I erupted one last time, my body buzzing with the delight these two beautiful spirits gave me. I licked at the second one's pussy.

She floated off of me, satiated.

But not the first. She moved, sliding her mouth off my cock. I opened my eyes to still see no one before me. The surface of the water rippled only from my movement. My cock twitched in the water. She grabbed me. Straddled me.

Go for a ride, I said, feeling the spirit's desires.

She didn't say anything, of course, but I felt her lust for me. She grabbed my cock and pressed me into her pussy. It felt so good to have her cunt devouring my dick. This was an amazing moment. It felt so deliciously right as she sank her twat down me.

Inch after inch of her pussy swallowed my dick. I loved her tightness. She felt almost virginal but she had no hymen. Would a spirit even have a hymen? I wasn't certain, but I could feel that she ached for my seed.

I could breed the spirit.

I grinned at her. Mmm, work that cunt up and down my dick. I'll pump your womb full of my seed and knock you up, spirit.

She squeezed her cunt around my cock and slid up me. Her hot and juicy twat massaged my dick. The crown drank in the friction of her silky snatch. The pleasure rippled through me. I groaned, closing my eyes and enjoying the ride.

She worked her cunt up and down my cock now. Her hot and juicy pussy massaged my dick. My back arched against the bank of the oasis. I loved how she suckled on me. The sun's morning light rippled off the oasis while the palm trees kept me in the shade.

Work that cunt up and down me, I growled. You want to be bred, then Gods, you'll have to make me cum!

She squeezed her twat around me, moaning even louder. 

I tried to grab her ass, but I felt nothing. It was so strange to sweep my hands through the water and brush my own cock held in the spirit's twat. I let my arms relax and groaned, loving the way she plunged down my shaft. I savored this heat. I reveled in this ecstasy building and building in me.

My nuts drank in the silky friction as I came closer and closer to cumming. I hurtled toward that moment of bursting. I wanted to just explode in her twat. I would baste her with every drop of cum that I had. It would be so hot to do that.

Las's big dick, I groaned. Oh, that's good. That's just fantastic.

The spirit moaned her agreement, her orgasm building and building in her.

She plunge down my cock and slid back up me. She stirred her twat around me. I enjoyed that immensely. I loved her squeezing her cunt around my dick as she slid up me. The pressure at the tip grew and grew.

I squeezed my hands into fists and fought against releasing my cum in her twat. She rose toward her own orgasm. I had to burst in her at the same moment. I craved to just fill her up with all the cum that I had in my nuts.

That's it, I groaned. Keep massaging my dick. I'm going to breed you!

That sent her over the edge.

Her pussy plunged down my cock. She squealed as her snatch rippled around my dick. I loved the feel of the spirit's twat writhing around me. She suckled at me, bringing me closer and closer to bursting. Closer and closer to exploding into her pussy.

My nuts tightened as she suckled at me. I growled out my pleasure as I erupted into her snatch.

Gods damn!

My cum spurted into her pussy. The pleasure slammed through me as I bred the spirit. I filled her to the brim with my spunk. I flooded her womb with every drop of cum that I had. I loved what I did to her. I reveled in it.

Another species bred.

Another womb filled with my child.

Las's big dick! I groaned as her hot twat rippled around me. She suckled at me with that hot flesh. I enjoyed every last spurt of cum. Yes!

I erupted over and over into her pussy. Her hungry cunt milked my cock. She suckled at me with her spirituous twat. I loved the feel of the entity's delicious cunt. I groaned as the pleasure hit its peak in me. I erupted a final time into her snatch.

The spirit kissed me on the lips. I savored the feel of her gentle mouth before she rose off me and drifted away. Her desires were satiated, and I could no longer feel her presence. She had no lusts for me to satiate. I panted as I lay there in the water.

I had to get some sleep. 

I rose from the oasis and grabbed my robe and pulled it on over my wet body. I walked down the path toward the camp, entering the lushness of the spirit. On the way, I came across the headman of the oases, an ebony-skinned elder who bowed his head.

Enjoy your bathe, lord? he asked.

I did, I said. Are there... spirits in the water.

A lopsided smile crossed the man's lips. Did a houri visit you? You are a very lucky man. They only share their pleasure infrequently. I have enjoyed them once in my life. Just once. Some men... They can bathe a thousand times.

Only one?

There might only be one per oases, the headman said. Enjoy your rest, lord.

Thanks, I said. There was definitely more than one houri. I did feel lucky as I returned to the camp where my women waited.

I crawled into my tent and snuggled up behind Pyrriah. She groaned as I spooned her. Lasla rolled over and hugged me from behind. I closed my eyes and drifted off into pleasant dreams, recovered from our time in the desert and ready for more days walking toward the oracle. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  The Halani Desert

Two days out from the oasis, and I felt something that excited me. A monster lay out in the desert. A Son of Lust that needed pussy. I quivered in delight at that realization. I just had to get out to it. I needed to fuck it.

So I rose from the tent and into the desert son.

Nazak stood guard. His scaly form was unaffected by the boiling sun. He watched our camp while the others were forced into the tents. It was so hot out here, but I was a Daughter of Lust. I could endure anything to satiate my lusts.

Mistresssss, he hissed at the sight of me.

I'll be back soon, I said. There is a monster to tame.

Isss that sssafe? he asked, staring at me with those reptilian eyes. 

Perfectly safe, I said. This is what I am. How do you think I gained Stalker for a pet? Or you. 

You paid for me, Mistresssss, he pointed out.

I did what I had to because I had tamed you. I stroked across his scalp. I owned you, didn't I? After you had enjoyed my pussy and asshole, you knew no other woman would ever give you as much pleasure. Not even one of your lizardwomen.

He stared at me and nodded.

I'll be back, I said and bent down. I kissed my lizardman on the lips. I flicked my tongue over his scales then rose. I was naked, but the sun wouldn't burn me. I had powers. I was a demigoddess. The heat didn't affect me like it would have earlier.

Not when I had lusts to satiate.

I was eager to find out what this monster was. It was a new one. I could tell that much. One that I had never encountered. My pussy was so juicy. My round boobs jiggled beneath the shining sun. My bare feet crossed the burning sand. I climbed up a sand dune and peered into a valley.

He lurked down there, horny and hungry. He needed travelers to wander close. Women to breed and men to devour. I spotted where he lay buried beneath the sand. A slight depression marked where he was at. That was just perfect.

I headed down the slope, so ready for what I would find. What sort of monster would be it? Not human, that was for sure. But it was definitely one of my father's progeny. Something burst of Las's cum spurting across the world.

I moved closer and closer, playing with his desire to mate. I swelled that need as it shifted beneath the sand. The center of the depression bowed upward for a moment. He was eager for me, just waiting for me to reach him.

I reached the bottom and crossed the sand. He could sense me approaching. He knew I was female. That I had a pussy he could fuck and breed. Not that his seed would be able to find root in my pussy. I would make sure of that.

My heart pounded as I stopped at the depression and peered down at it. I licked my lips, ready for it to emerge. I wouldn't step into there. I wanted him to fuck me outside of being buried in the sand. That would be perfect. I was just so ready for him to do that. Just so eager for him to ravish me.

The sand bowed outward. Mandibles burst out of it like an ant's. Then a black head with compound eyes. The antenna thrust out from the top. But it was more than just a giant ant. It had a mane of brown fur around the neck. His legs emerged. They were thin and furred, but they ended on lion-like paws.

A myrmecoleon, I whispered in excitement. Half-ant, half-lion, all monster.

It burst all the way out of the sand, six legs that all ended in lion paws with a tail sweeping from the end of his abdomen. He opened his mouth wide and roared like a hungry beast as beneath him, a red, spiny cock emerged.

Oh, yes, I moaned in delight as he rushed at me.

His mandibles grabbed me by the waist. He could cut me in half with those, but instead he lifted me off my feet and spun me around. I moaned as he dropped me to my knees. He bent me over, forcing me down on my hands and knees.

His chitinous body scrambled over me. I loved how cool and he smooth he felt, his armored body sleek against me. His cock thrust into my butt-crack. He roared again, sounding like such a mighty lion as he shifted his cock down.

The myrmecoleon found my asshole. 

That's the wrong hole, I gasped. You want to breed

The impatient monster thrust. I groaned as my anal ring widened for his dick. I shuddered as that red, curved cock penetrated my bowels. I trembled beneath him as he pushed that dick so deep into me. My bowels clamped down on him.

He planted his six paws on the ground and snapped his mandibles together in lust. I shuddered, squeezing my bowels around his dick. He drew back, the spines tickling my insides the way that Stalker's did.

Oh, yes, yes, I moaned, savoring that wonderful stimulation. You're going to make me cum so hard from ass-fucking me, aren't you?

The monster snarled with pleasure and slammed back into my asshole.

I loved the myrmecoleon fucking my bowels. He pumped away at my backdoor. I squeezed my anal ring around him, reveling in that wonderful heat. He swept such pleasure through my body. I shuddered, enjoying this hot delight sweeping through me. 

He pumped away at me. He fucked my anal sheath with powerful strokes, snarling with each plunge into my bowels. His spines teased my naughty anal sheath. I loved every last second of that wicked creature fucking me. He pounded me with such delight. 

That's it, I moaned, my fingers digging into the hot sand. Fuck my asshole, you majestic monster!'

The myrmecoleon did just that. He fucked my asshole with hard strokes. He buried into me again and again. He drove me wild with that stimulating tail. I loved every last second of him fucking me. He buried into my bowels hard and fast. 

I gripped him with my shaft, my boobs jiggling beneath him. The monster pounded me, his smooth chitin rubbing cool across my back and ass. I had never been fucked by a monster like this. His mandibles snapped together.

Las's big dick! I moaned. I'm so glad my father jizzed across the desert!

The myrmecoleon growled.

He had such powerful leverage. With his six paws planted on the warm sand, he could so easily drive his big dick into me. He buried into me with all that he had. I loved every last second of him pounding me like this. It was a magical time.

I squeezed my bowels around him. I loved the feel of his shaft plowing into me. It was a perfect delight to enjoy. I loved his every thrust into my bowels. I squeezed down around him, reveling in this delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing Just keep fucking me like that! Gods damn, you're amazing!

My orgasm swelled in me. The heat melted from my asshole to my pussy. My cunt clamped down on him as he drove his mighty cock into me again and again. I trembled, loving every last second of what he did to me. It was passionate. Just the rapture I wanted to enjoy.

I squeezed my anal sheath down around his cock. I loved the feel of his big dick plowing into my asshole. The spines tickled my bowels on his every pull back, giving me more and more pleasure. I shuddered, my pussy juices soaking my bush.

I swelled his orgasm. I felt him about to erupt in me. I smiled as he buried into me.

Las's big dick! I howled.

He roared and snapped his mandibles together as my asshole convulsed around his dick. I suckled at him as he plowed to the hilt in me. He snarled and erupted into my bowels. He pumped his cum into my anal sheath. I loved the feel of his jizz splashing hot into my asshole.

My bowels reveled in this delight. It was such a wonderful moment. I savored this heat. The pleasure washed through me. A fantastic delight bathed my mind. His cum pumped over and over into my anal sheath.

You delicious monster! I gasped. Las's big dick, yes!

I trembled beneath him, savoring the orgasm rushing through me. My anal sheath suckled at his dick. I milked his cock with my hungry passion. I loved this moment. I savored it as he erupted one last time into my anal sheath.

Oh, that was good, but you were supposed to fuck my asshole, so... I ripped my bowels off his cock and spun around. His cum dripped out of my anal sheath. I'll have to suck you clean.

That was a new concept to the myrmecoleon. The idea that a woman could suckle on his dick with her mouth was something I had to awaken in him. I grabbed his dirty dick, the sour musk of my asshole filling my nose.

I opened my mouth wide and swallowed his cock. I slid my lips over the soft, rear-facing spines. I suckled on him. I nursed with passion on his dick. He groaned as I did that. His cock throbbed in my mouth as I loved him.

His mandibles snapped together.

I purred around his dirty dick as I buffed him clean with my tongue. I stroked over those spines as I cleaned off his cock. My pussy clenched, so eager to have this big dick fucking my twat. I would have a mighty climax on him.

His precum soaked my tongue. The salty flavor mixed with the sour flavor of my asshole. I suckled on him with all my might. His cock throbbed in my mouth as I pleasured him. I got him ready for my pussy.

He would love my cunt.

My cunt clenched as I suckled on him with all my might. I loved this moment so much. It was so wild nursing on this big dick. I suckled on him with all my might. My tongue flicked around him. I nursed on him with passion.

I was eager to buff that dick clean and swallow all his spunk. I swirled my tongue around the myrmecoleon's cock. I bobbed my head, my boobs jiggling as I worshiped him, my pussy getting wetter and wetter for that moment when he would erupt.

He snarled and snapped those mandibles. His paws thudded on the sound around me.

Yeah, he liked this.

My tongue danced around the crown of his cock before I pushed my lips down his dick. I found new parts of his shaft that needed cleaning. My tongue slid through the spines, buffing off that dirty musk. I felt so naughty.

His cum trickled out of my asshole as I nursed on him. I loved the feel of his cum dripping down to my bush. He matted my cunt with his seed. I wanted to have that big dick fucking into my pussy. That would be an incredible moment.

He growled louder as I suckled on him. My tongue swept over him. This was so perfect. I loved every last moment of pleasuring him like this. Drool ran down my chin as I took more and more of his cock. He hit the back of my throat.

I swallowed him.

He snarled as I worked my mouth down his shaft, my tongue polishing his monstrous pole.

I took more and more of the myrmecoleon's cock down my throat. I loved how thick he was. He felt so perfect in my mouth. This was a delicious treat to have his shaft pressing down my throat. I came closer and closer to the hole in his chitinous belly.

His cock pouch.

I kissed at his smooth shell. All his cock down my throat. I suckled on him, buffing him clean. He snarled and pawed at the desert. Sand brushed my legs as he did that. I moaned around him, sliding my mouth up and up his shaft. 

His spines tickled the inside of my throat. That felt so naughty as I kept climbing up his shaft. He popped out of my gullet. I climbed up to the pinnacle of him and bathed his dick with my tongue. I swirled around him.

He loved that.

I suckled on him. I nursed with all my might on his cock. I bobbed my head and loved his dick. He groaned as I did that. My cheeks hollowed as I loved every bit of him. He throbbed in my mouth, his precum growing.

Inside his shell, his balls tightened with the pressure.

He came closer and closer to releasing blasts of cum that would flood my mouth with all his jizz. That was a fantastic rush to enjoy. My tongue flicked around his tongue. I loved this so much. It was wonderful to suckle on him like this.

He rose toward his orgasm. His salty precum filled my mouth. I bobbed up and down him, loving the way his spines massaged my lips. That was hot. He snarled and trembled. He was ready for that blast of cum.

He roared.

Erupted.

Hot jizz spurted into my mouth. He flooded me with all that salty cum. I gulped down his salty jizz, my asshole clenching. More of his jizz dripped out of my backdoor and down to my pussy. I felt so wicked. So wanton.

This was such a naughty moment.

I was so happy to enjoy it. So thrilled to have all this pleasure washing around me. My heart pounded in my chest I swallowed load after load of the monster's cum. My pussy burned. I wanted his cock fucking me. I wanted to thoroughly enjoy the myrmecoleon.

With a final snarl, his cock erupted one last time. I ripped my mouth off him and fell onto my back. I spread my legs wide, my pussy dripping with juices. I was so wet for him to fuck me. Just so eager for him to bury into me.

Fuck me, you monstrous stud, I moaned and wrapped my legs around his shell. I pressed my pussy up into his cock. Just bury that big dick into my pussy.

He roared and rammed his cock into my pussy. That amazing cock filled my pussy. The curve of his cock slid along the top of my twat. I shuddered as he drew back. My pussy clenched down on his shaft as I loved how his spines tickled me.

My eyes rolled back in my head as he thrust back into me. Which meant I had the joy of his spines massaging my twat again. I loved that wonderful bliss. It was so hot having the myrmecoleon fucking me.

Oh, yes, yes, Las's big dick, that's so good, I moaned. You're such a hunky monster!

He pumped away at me. Every time h pulled back, that wonderful cock of his massaged my pussy walls. Pleasure swept through me. This incredible rapture made me feel so good. I would have such bliss.

I squeezed my cunt down around him. I loved the way his cock massaged me. He drove me wild with that hot dick. I loved every last second of him pumping away at me. I shuddered beneath him, reveling in this bliss.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, that's it. That's so good. You're driving me wild. Ooh, you're such a naughty monster.

The myrmecoleon snapped his mandibles as he drove his spiny cock into my pussy.

He pulled back, sending another wave of delight washing through my nethers. I felt so good, my boobs jiggling. I stared up at his black exoskeleton. I rubbed my hands over the smooth chitin as he buried his cock into my snatch again and again.

Mmm, just keep pounding me, I groaned. Just keep thrusting that dick into me.

He clacked those mandibles together as he fucked me hard.

His orgasm built in him as fast as my climax swelled in me. His nuts tightened with his cum. I couldn't wait for him to flood me. I quivered, clamping my pussy down on his spiny cock. I quivered on his every pullback.

He drove me wild.

He brought me to the brink of cumming. This was such a wild delight. It was so perfect feeling him bury into me again and again. I loved it so much. I savored the heat. My eyes rolled back in my head as I shuddered.

You're so amazing, I moaned, so close to bursting. Las's big dick, I'm going to cum on you!

He snarled, so close.

Yes, yes, just a little more, myrmecoleon!

He drew back his cock, the myrmecoleon's spines massaging my pussy walls. The pleasure burst in me. I gasped as my cunt writhed around his massive dick. The pleasure swept through me. This wonderful heat drowned my mind.

My cunt convulsed and writhed around his cock. It was just such a wonderful rush to have all this rapture sweeping through me. He drowned my mind. Stars flashed across my vision. Stars twinkled before me. 

He buried his cock to the hilt in me. Roared.

His cum flooded me.

I loved his monstrous jizz pumping over and over into my pussy He filled me up with all that wonderful spunk. My cunt writhed around him, suckling at him with all this delicious bliss. I shuddered beneath him, my thighs gripping his exoskeleton.

You big, wonderful monster! I gasped. Flood my pussy!

He snarled his triumph, thinking he was filling my womb with his seed. That I would hatch a clutch of myrmecoleon eggs. My snatch rippled around his cock, suckling out all the jizz from the wondrous male.

He spurted more and more into my womb as my mind drowned in the wondrous ecstasy. I shuddered, savoring being fucked by another monster. Another son of Las. A big smile spread on my lips as I hit the peak of my bliss.

He filled me with all of his cum.

He wanted to take me into his lair and keep me there until the eggs hatched, but I had other plans. I made him feel nothing at all. Just a general sense of fulfillment. He pulled out of me and scuttled away without a word.

Well, that was how I liked my monsters.

I rose, his cum dripping out of me, and headed back to camp, humming. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana  The Heart of the Oases, Halani Desert

We were five days from Mumal, when there felt something different about where we were. I paused as I could feel... a change to the silvery sands we crossed. The moon shone full around us. We were in the midst of all the oases. The heart.

It's here, isn't it? my son asked me, glancing back. There's something... hungry here. Something that lusts for seed. I can feel it.

The oracle? asked Pyrriah. Is that how it's supposed to work, Kyaza.

The centaur's wife shrugged her shoulders. I don't know, but there is something about this place. I can't feel what it is, but...

Something sleeps beneath the sands, Beliala said. The demon knelt and placed her hand on the sand. Her fingers dug into the sand. Yes, there is definitely something hungry here.

Then this is it, I said and glanced down at my chastity belt, my naked breasts swaying before me. I had gotten so used to going nude, I didn't even think about clothes. We have... three cocks. Mine, Nazak, and yours, Kurtis.

And Oberoy, said Beliala. His cock is more than functional. She crooked her finger to the fairy boy. Come here, I'll jerk you off.

Yes, Beliala, said Oberoy. He had such a... submissiveness to him. The fairy prince moved to the demon with his head held low, his wings fluttering behind him. He stopped before her and opened the toga he wore. His cock was bigger than I thought it would be.

That's my good little prince, the demon said, sliding her arms around him and grabbing his cock.

Kurtis's brow furrowed as he stared at the pair of them.

My chastity belt vanished and I grew my girl-dick. It thrust out from the folds of my pussy. I loved the feel of my hermaphrodite-cock blossoming into a full rod. I grabbed it and stroked up and down my dick.

Allow me, Mother, Pyrriah said, hugging me from behind. She grabbed my dick. I thought she would jerk off her brother, but Shessa knelt beside my son, the lamia looking so eager to have the honor.

May I jerk you off, Lord Kurtis, the lamia said. She was such a happy thing. A playful kitty eternally grateful to my son for rescuing her from that awful city.

You may, Kurtis said as he opened his robes. His cock thrust out bigger than my hermaphrodite-dick. 

Thank you, Master! squealed the lamia. She darted around him and hugged him from behind. She grabbed his dick and worked her hand up and down him. 

Nazak, get those dicks out, Lasla ordered as her hulking lizardman joined the three of us.

Yes, Mistresssss, he hissed. He pulled off his long cloth to reveal his two dicks emerging from his cock sheath. The twin shafts split from the base, forming a Y. 

Lasla hugged her new pet from behind. Stalker had a cock, too, but no one would jerk him off but Lasla, and she was having too much time stroking her lizardman's twin dicks. She pumped both her hands up and down his shafts.

The lizardman hissed. I moaned as my daughter worked her hand up and down my hermaphrodite-dick. I loved the feel of her stroking touch. My cunt clenched in delight at her skill. She was so talented at this. My pussy clenched, juices dripping down my thighs.

That's perfect, I moaned. Matar's big dick, you're skilled at that, Mistress Pyrriah.

I'm so glad you enjoy it, purred my daughter. I had plenty of practice on my brother.

She's amazing, said Kurtis as he enjoyed Shessa's two hands working up and down his cock. She still knelt beside him, pumping her fists up and down him while her tail danced behind her. 

Diane was dancing between the rakshasas while Nephi stalked around the perimeter, her eyes staring at the outside. Kyaza had her hand sliding into her robe to rub at her pussy. She stroked her hot flesh as we all moaned.

My hermaphrodite-dick felt amazing in my daughter's silky hand. She fisted me with skill while her other cupped my dripping pussy. I moaned and shuddered, my large breasts swaying. Her fingers stroked up and down my slit.

Gods damn, groaned Kurtis. His hand stroked Shessa between her cat-like ears. They twitched. You're doing amazing!

The lamia beamed up at him.

The lizardman hissed as Lasla stroked her hands up and down both his dicks. Oberoy whimpered as Beliala's hand almost blurred as she beat him off. He shuddered in the demon's embrace, her other hand squeezing his balls.

Was she crushing them?

My pussy clenched about my daughter's thrusting fingers. She churned me up with her digits. This wonderful heat washed through me. It was just an awesome delight to feel this moment. I was enjoying myself immensely.

Pyrriah had a delicious way of stroking my hermaphrodite-cock. Her silky hand glided up and down it. My precum lubed the way. I loved how she worked the lube into my shaft. Pleasure burst from the tip of my cock. It was just a hot delight to enjoy this.

My cunt clenched around her digits thrusting into me. I watched my strong son petting his lamia. He grinned at me, this confidence in his voice as his dick dripped with his precum. I trembled here, rising toward my eruption.

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered. My delicious daughter-mistress. Mmm, you're driving me wild. Matar's big dick!

That's right, Mother, cooed my sexy daughter. She thrust a third finger into my cunt. I loved the feel of her digits stretching me out. This was so hot. I plunged into her twat as she fisted my hermaphrodite-cock faster and faster. Just explode.

Yes, yes, Master, you have to cum! groaned Shessa.

That's right, my little fairy toy, Beliala cooed, squeezing Oberoy's cock. He gasped and shuddered in her embrace. The demon smiled and winked at me. She licked the fairy's ear. Just erupt.

Mmm, spurt all your seed, Nazak, cooed Lasla, my step-daughter fisting her hands up and down both of the lizardman's cocks.

Mistresssss, he hissed.

My ovaries tightened. Waves of delight washed through my pussy from my daughter's thrusting fingers. My clit-dick twitched and throbbed in my daughter's stroking hand. The pressure at the crown built, massaged by her fingers and palm.

We were all groaning or hissing closer to our pleasure. Kyaza fingered her twat, her eyes dewy with delight. Diane pranced around, her silvery hair flowing behind her. My toes dug into the soft sand of the desert.

The pressure to cum grew and grew in my nuts. It was an intense feeling that growing need to burst. I couldn't wait for the pleasure to explode out of me. I shuddered in my daughter's embrace, my pussy clamping down on her girl-dick.

Lasla, my son groaned. Now.

Yes, brother, she purred.

Suddenly, my orgasm burst inside of me. I gasped out, Matar's big dick!

And I wasn't the only one that erupted. My son's dick, the lizardman's cocks, and Oberoy's shaft all spurted cum. Our jizz splashed on the sand between us. We coated the silvery desert with our pearly passion. 

My pussy convulsed around my daughter's digits. I loved that pleasure sweeping through me. It was just so amazing to feel all this ecstasy slamming through me. I erupted again and again, my nuts twitching as I erupted my girl-spunk on the desert.

Las's big dick, my son groaned as Shessa fisted his cock, the lamia licking her lips.

She wanted to swallow his cum.

It was such a waste, but...

I bucked through my pleasure as more and more of my pearly hermaphrodite-jizz splashed the desert floor. I groaned through this amazing pleasure, reveling in every moment of the rapture sweeping through me. My toes curled into the sand.

Oberoy erupted last time. The lizardman's twin streams of spunk petered out. I gasped as the last of my hermaphrodite-jizz splashed on the desert. Kurtis groaned as his dick twitched one more time. His spunk soaked into the sand.

Around us, the desert sand swirled. A curtain of haze engulfed the entire party. Pyrriah ripped her fingers out of my pussy and released my girl-dick. The whirl of sand formed a dome around us. We were completely engulfed in it. Darkness swallowed us.

The Oracle of the Sand had summoned us.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I stood in the dark. Shessa clutching to my cock. A light flickered before us and we stood before an ebony-skinned woman lounging on the sands. She lay on the desert like she lounged on a comfortable divan. She licked her lips, staring at us, her breasts quivering. The whirling sand still howled around us.

She sat up and rolled into a graceful kneeling position before us. She drew a dagger from the sand and held it out before me in her open palms. I was confused. I stared into her ancient eyes as they took my measure.

Shessa whimpered and moved behind me.

One question answered if the price is paid, the Oracle of the Sand said, her words speaking almost like a ritual truth. Blood shed for truth. A life slain for revelation.

You mean to get an answer, I have to kill someone here? I demanded, horrified by that.

She nodded. Nothing comes without a price.

The Serpent Oracle didn't demand I kill someone! My body shook with anger.

My sisters find their own price. A wicked smile spread on the oracle's lips. Choose who you shall murder.

No, gasped Shessa. Please, Master, please, not me.

Gods, she thought she was the one I would choose to... to kill. The poor thing. I wanted to hug her right now and tell her she was safe. This wasn't that evil naga's palace. She was free of that tranny. She would never have to fear for her life.

Gods, Lasla said in horror.

Well, said Beliala, a cruel gleam in her eyes. I shot her a withering look.

She shrugged.

Maybe Princess Lavhi, said Pradu. She's... all but useless anyways.

I shook my head, though, horrified by the concept. No! There's not a single person here I would kill for an answer.

One life or all, said the Oracle of the Sand. It is your choice, seeker.

No! I roared, staring at her in disgust. I won't play that game! Send us back.

She rose to her feet, her eyes burning with desire. I could feel the bloodlust in her. The whirling sand contracted, closing in on us. I could hear how fast it howled. It would rip the flesh from our bodies. Our blood would soak the sand. That was what she wanted.

I launched an assault against her. I had to turn that bloodlust into passion. Desire. I tried to touch her sexuality, but... She had none. She didn't care about sex. The only pleasure she enjoyed was devouring life. She was the desert hungering for a traveler to fall into her clutches.

Choose, or I will feast on you all, she said, looking eager for that.

I whipped my sword from its sheath. The moment I did, the slowly closing wind contrasted. The blast of sand engulfed me. It engulfed us all. I screamed as it tore at my robes and burned my face. It was like being dragged across gravel.

Master! Shessa screamed.

Lord Kurtis! cried Diane.

Brother! Lasla shouted.

Nephi lunged forward only to be slammed down into the ground by a blast of wind. It ripped at her skin. Blood welled from the cuts. The rakshasas all tried to pounce, but were driven down, too. Beliala's pain-whip flashed in her hand only to be slammed back by the force of the wind.

The sand killed us all as it tore at the sword. It ground down my tulwar into nothing. Just a handle left in my hand. I threw it at the oracle, but the wind caught it and flung it out of sight. I staggered to stay standing.

Fire blazed behind me.

Pyrriah lunged forward, her hair glowing bright. Wings of fire spread from her back. Feathers of burning oranges and reds blazed. Her entire body became fire. It engulfed every bit of her. She stopped being a woman and became a bird.

A bird that ripped the oracle from the Oracle of the Sand's raised hands. Pyrriah, blazing brighter than I had ever seen her, plunged the dagger into her own breast. Right into her heart. The oracle smiled as I screamed in horror. I reached for her, but it was too late.

My twin sister took her own life. 

To be continued...
