Kate's Summer

Part 1, the Diner Bathroom

Kate woke up at 7am to get a head start on her big day. Today she had to go the big amusement park where she was going to work this summer. It involved a lot of things like a medical exam, receiving uniforms, and checking into the dorms. Kate, a 20 year old college student really wanted to stay at home for the summer, but she really needed the money, and the amusement park was the best job she could find. 

Kate was the kind for girl who didn’t know she was hot, but she was. Looking in the mirror after her shower, she stood about 5”4” with some amazing curves comprising of firm C cup breast and a very squeezable ass. She stood there drying her dark Skin and long straight Dark Brown hair wondering what they day would bring.

She had most of her stuff packed and ready to go in the car, but just had to finish packing her clothes. Kate, being a modest girl dressed somewhat conservitive. Most of the things she packed were short tan shorts, jean shorts, tank tops and tee shirts with a few skirts. Taking her towel off and Opening her underwear drawer, she decided go with some yellow flowered Victoria Secret panties for today. She mostly was a Hanes Her Way girl (which her mom bought for her all the time), but had a few other kinds. Kate found thongs uncomfortable and was always too embarrassed to buy any. Kate slid her yellow panties over her dark bush and over her curved as and snapped them into place, then packed the rest of her panties, mostly white, solid colors, and floral prints (very inocent stuff). She slipped on her bra, put on some short tan shorts and a white tank top. Ready to go, you could see the outline of her panties underneath her shorts and the faint outline of her white bra under her top, but she was oblivious to this fact.

Kate drank a few cups of coffee, grabed granola bar, and got in the car and started her two-hour drive. Since she lived in a small town, it was about an hour drive on the state route to get to the interstate, where the park was about an hour from there. About 20 minutes into the drive, already she felt a twinge in her bladder from the coffee. 10 minutes later she really had to go. “Shit! already?” she mumbled. Knowing she probably could not make it to the park without having an accident, she started looking for a place to relieve herself. Being modest, she was hoping she could make it to a gas station or a Fast Food place, but here she was in the middle of nowhere looking for a bathroom.

She drove through a small town, where there was a couple hole in the wall restaurants but decide against that. As she left the town the worse thing possible happened to her, a truck full of logs pulled a few blocks in front of her. “CRAP!” She yelled as she quickly caught up to the truck was going a mere 30 MPH in the 50 MPH speed zone. The next few miles her urge to urinate grew worse as she could not pass the truck. Kate started to struggle and squirmed around. Slowly the miles went by, until she saw a small diner up ahead on the right. She pulled in and ran gingerly into the dinner.

Once inside, standing there squirming around she asked to the lady behind the counter “where is your bathroom please?” drawing attention to herself. The patrons of the diner, mostly elderly men sitting behind the counter noticed this beautiful young lady squirming around and all eyed her up. The lady told Kate the Bathroom was at the other end of the diner. She raced down the narrow isle between the counter and some table and got to the bathroom door, which was at the end of the diner and faced out towards the whole room. She tried to open the door but it was locked. “Crap” she mumbled to herself and stood there fidgeting her beautiful ass, which was on full display to the diner. All of the men off coursed noticed the outline of her panties beneath the thin tan fabric in her shorts and were enjoying the view; surly this did not happen every day. Kate dropped her keys and bent over to pick them up, sweetening the view, and letting loose a glimpse of her Victoria secret waste band,

Finally, and old man came out of the bathroom, and she smiled and raced in shutting the door, noticing the whole diner was looking at her as she went in. God, this is so embarrassing, Kate thought. She turned the lock briefly, but since she was in such a hurry she failed to lock it all the way! The toilet was on the back wall and faced the bathroom door, and hence if the door was opened the whole diner. Kate slid her shorts down and then her yellow panties and sat down, relaxing her bladder.

As she was sitting there. she looked at the door, and noticed the handle start to turn. Thinking that it was locked she didn’t think anything of it and looked at the ground. Then Kate heard a “crrrreek” and looked up. To her horror, a small child had opened the door, and she was on full display to the diner!

She let loose a small yelp, which attracted the attention of everyone in the diner to her predicament. There was Kate, with her shorts down at her feet, and her panties down around her ankles on view. At first she froze as she meet the eyes of everyone in the dinner. Next she insantly started to reach towards her panties to pull them up, but could not because she was still peeing! Kate was so helpless, as she sat there trying to stop peeing so she could pull her pants up, but she could not. Finally she just tried to cover her crotch and bush, but by that time everyone had already gotten a good look.

The child who opened the door just left it wide open and went back to his mom to tell her the potty was taken, and of course his mom was the only one in the diner who did not notice poor Kate. With one hand on her crotch she reached for the door handle but could not reach! All Poor helpless Kate just sat there as she was being humiliated.

Finally, she was able to stop her torrent of pee and she tired to get off the toilet and to the door to close it. With her shorts and panties still around her ankles and on hand covering her crotch she reached for the handle again, but tripped because of her own panties. She fell face first out of the bathroom and landed on her stomach Now Kate was really on display with her curved ass up in the air with her panties down at her ankles.

Kate struggled to get upright, while still trying to cover her crotch with one hand. She finally was able to stand up and yank up her yellow flowered Victoria secret panties into place. Now she was standing upright with just her panties covering her lower half and a tank top. She reached down for her shorts, but one of the leg holes came off her foot, and Kate had to figure out what way they went and step into them, taking a while, giving the room a good view of her pantied ass. Finally Kate got her shorts up and zipped them and snapped.

Kate’s face was beet read as the whole diner continued to look at her. No one had ever seen her like that! She walked out of the diner mortified, hearing the mumbles of the crowed. The last thing she heard was “mommy she forgot to flush!” Poor Kate!


Chapter 2- Kate’s Uniform

After a long, humiliating drive, Kate finally arrived at the amusement park.. Trying to forget her earlier predicament, she glanced at her check in itinerary. She had to turn in her paperwork and get her ID, get a uniform, take a physical exam, and check into the dorms. This amusement park employed mainly either locals or college students hired to work for the summer, like Kate. Since college students from the area usually get out at the same time, today was going to be a very busy day to check in. “Yuck” Kate thought, For Kate, it was just the begging of a really long, and embarrassing day!

Kate read the directions and parked in the employee lot. First Stop in the employee check in and uniform handout. Kate waited in line turned in her paperwork and got her ID. They then gave her various forms for the getting the uniform/physical, etc. The people then directed her around back part of the building to get her uniform.

Kate entered a large room with a counter with shelves and hangers full of uniforms behind it. On the one wall were a few fitting stalls to try on the uniform, which opened up the waiting area. Many people were lined up waiting to get there uniform at the counter, mostly college kids. Kate waiting in line, until she heard “NEXT!”

Kate stepped up to the counter. “Hi” she said to the elderly man as she handed him her uniform paperwork. The old man gave a sarcastic hi back as he looked at the papers, but more likely he was checking out Kate! He hated working here, but it was the only place in town hiring and he needed money. He however loved looking at the young ladies, and Kate was no exception.

“So you are working at the new ride” he said.,”let me se if I can kind something in your size.” Kate was about the blurt out her size but the old man already left. He returned with a size 4, knowing it would be too small for her but loved looking at the girls in tighter clothes. “Try this on and come back and let me see and know if it fits OK” Why do you have to see? Asked Kate. “Because we don’t want kids sagging and whatnot!, so we make sure it fits appropriately!” Said the old man.

Kate waited in line for the next stall while she looked at the uniform. It was a White, once piece jumpsuit type uniform. Apparently the girls got this and the guys got shorts and a polo. Kate just muttered to herself as she entered the stall.

The stall was extremely small, and the swinging doors were not that did not go up that high or down to the floor. Kate could see just over the doors and see there was a guy next in line trying to pretend he was not trying to imagine Kate undressing behind the doors. On top of that there was no lock. Kate peeled of her tank top and slid down her shorts, and started to put on the uniform. She had to really squeeze into as it was way too tight, especially in the bust for poor Kate. She could barely get the zipper up in the back. After a while she gave up, took her clothes and walked out to get a bigger uniform.

Unknown to Kate, the tight white uniform hugged in such a way that her panties and bra were clearly viable underneath the uniform. She walked up to the old man and was about to blurt out she wanted a size bigger, but before she could he eyed her up and said “looks good!” “No Please” Kate said, “can I get a size bigger, it’s too tight.” Fine said the old man as he went back to get another one. Kate felt extremely uncomfortable just standing there. Every guy in the place was checking her out, as they could make out the faint outline of pretty flowers on her ass, along with a huge panty line.

The old man returned and grudgingly told her to try this one. She got right in a stall this time closed the door and unzipped the uniform and tried to pull it down. She got most of the uniform off, leaving her in nothing much but her white bra and yellow panties, except one leg was still in. Once around her legs she hopped on one leg to try her leg out of the tight pant hole. Poor Kate lost her balance and tried to brace herself on the swinging door. Big Mistake.

The doors pushed open and exposed Kate to the entire room. With her jumpsuit falling to the floor, she looked up to see the faces of a crowd of people look at her in nothing but her bra and panties! She tried to cover herself and close the doors, which took about 5 seconds but seems like an eternity to Kate.

Kate got dressed and walked out with the whole crowd looking at her. This was the first time any guys her age even saw her like that, and on top of that, she had to work with many of them the rest of the summer. She finally completed her stop and this place, and next up was her physical exam.


