I decide to write my own experience. My family is very conservative.
My father is in state transport and remain out for most of the time.
My mother is a beautiful lady, but she remain bus ywith her few
friends who I think are not of good character.



My brother Pradeep is an handsome boy three year younger to me and
studing in collage. I am now 33 years and still unmarried and
teaching in a school. Due to my mother negligence, I am still
unmarried. Normally my brother keeps distance with me, but I know
that he stares at me whenever I comes out from the bathroom in shorts
etc. I have also seen him with our maid servent who is 27 years young
lady and with quite sexy body. On 24th August, in the afternoon when
I came back from the school,I have noticed that main gate was closed
and my brother Pradeep's bike was there. I did not knoced and went in
the backside. From the kitchen window I have seen him fully naked
sitting at dining chair and Maina, our maid was sucking his dick. I
had never seen any boy or girl naked together or having sex so I was
nervous and my bag struck with the door.

Hearing the noise Pradeep looked towards window. I tried to move away
but he had already seen me. I came towards the main gate and by that
time Maina was already leaving the house, and door was open. I was
nervous and not in the state to decide what to do. I went inside my
bedroom and hurriedly changed into nighty and slept. I tried to sleep
but in vein, my mind was confused and I was feeling horny slowly as I
remembered the scene. His long, pulsating dick in her mouth and her
face in his hands, forcing her to take his dick more and more inside
her throat. I was also abusing myself, why I couldnot control myself
and why that bag of mine struck with the door, otherwise I would have
seen entire series . Threr were all the chances that Pradeep would
fuck Maina after sucking his cock. The more I was thinking, more I
was getting excited.I strted rubbing my boobs with my hands and
shortly my nipples became hard.

My other hand automatically went inside the nightee and from the
corners of my panty my fingers started exploring my cunt. I was day
dreaming now. Now I was in the place of Maina and Pradeep was holding
my boobs and pulling my head forcefully towards his fully erected
dick. I have seen towards the door, it was open and any moment
Pradeep might come in, and see me in this state. I tried to stand up
and close the door but my I was feeling so week that I couldnot stand
up. I don't know when I slept. I felt a touch upon my lips and I
opened my eyes littlebit.There was Pradeep touching my lips with his
finger , but his face was in between my legs and as I had already
removed my panty, he must be looking at my pussy. I kept my eyes
closed, not giving him any indication of awakening. He lifted his
face, saw me and then touched my cunt directly with one fingure. I
tried my level best not to move but as he applied force with his
fingers and inserted one inside my cunt, I cried with pain/joy and
Pradeep ran away from my room. After some time I came out of my
room , dressing nicely. It was around 5.30 pm and my mom was expected
any moment from the market. I searched for Pradeep, but he was
nowhere in the house. I think, as he know that I had seen him with
Maina , he must be little open in his mind. I knew he loves me and
will take further move. I will give him opportunity in the night. At
night I slept early at 9 pm. I was in a very short dress, skirt and
blouse which I normally wear at the time when no body is in home.

Pradeep came at 10.30 and switched on the lights. Seeing me in that
state, he immediately switched off all the lights and came near to my
bed. He kept his hand near to my face and tried to find out whether I
was asleep or not. Assured once again he went and switched on the
night lamp. Now he was removing his clothes. Ultimately he was only
in his shorts and again came near to my bed and touched at my thighs.
I did not moved and pretended to be fast asleep. Then he slipped my
skirt above and started putting his fingers in my panty.ohmy god
what I should do..i just spread my legs and gave him enough room.
Praddep was now excited and with his one hand exploring my virgin
cunt and with other hand stimulating his dick. I opened my eyes
slightly and moanedaahhhhaaaaaaiissssss.jasbir..what you are
doing.. aaahhhhaaa. Jasbir is his close friend who always stares at
me. Hearing his name he just pushed his finger deep inside my cunt
and made his dick free by removing his shorts. Oh my god his 7" long
loda was ready to fuck his sister's virgin cunt.

Now I was not in senses and hold his lund in my hand and screamed
jasbir..itna lumba lund hai tumhara.aur main pyasi hu.plz ise meri
chut main dal do aur meri pyas bujha do.hai..aaaiiiiiijasbir.aao
naplz. Pradeep just teared my blouse and put my hard nipples in his
mouth and gave me a thrust upon my cunt with his dick. I was in 7th
heaven and waiting for his lund to tear my cunt. Pradeep now spread
my legs and shoutedyoubitch.want jasbir to fuck you..meri
anshu..idher dekh mein hoo.pradeep..mere se bhi chudwa le..Now I
stopped my acting and opened my eyes.hai pradeep..main to kub se
mari ja rahi hu..tumhe koi matlab hi nahi hai.maina ko chod ker hi
khus ho.tumhari jawan bahna ghar main pyasi hai pradeep.hai iski
pyas bujhao. Pradeep now kept his lund at my opening of chut and
gave a thrust and in one move his entire dick was inside my cunt, as
it was already lubricated. Then he started moving fast. I was
bleeding and crying in pain. But he was mad and shot his load in my
womb without thinking the outcome. We both came at same time and
slept together for rest of the night. In the morning what
happened.it had changed my entire lifeand that I will tell you in
next episode.



