At The Stadium 

By Sportsdvl © 

As always, constructive feedback is appreciated.  A short story about
two of my favorite things - football and sex!  Now, where are my game 
tickets... 

My girlfriend had given me a great surprise on my last birthday.  No, it
wasn't the fabulous sex we had that day and night - though it was 
amazing!  She had surprised me with tickets to go see the Dallas 
Cowboys play during the upcoming season. 

As the weekend of the game finally arrived we packed our bags and headed
out on our road trip to Dallas. 

We arrived and checked into our hotel room and then went out for some
time on the town.  The night was filled with a lot of drinking and 
flirting.  She looked fabulous as usual and I loved watching the guys 
in the bar sneak peaks at her because I knew she was going home with 
me.  When we arrived back at the hotel I was certain we would have a 
great romp but Laura had drunk a little too much and literally passed 
out as soon as we hit the room.  My optimism of a night of sexual fun 
was now snoring in the bed beside me. 

The next morning we woke up a little late and realized we really needed
to rush in order to have time to grab something to eat before heading 
over to the stadium for the game. 

Brunch was eaten and we headed to the game. 

Our seats were fairly good.  We were in the upper deck but near the
railing and we could still see the action on the field without any 
problems.  We settled in and enjoyed the atmosphere of the game. 

Being that it was early in the season it was still really hot and fairly
humid in Dallas.  I had worn shorts and a t-shirt and Laura had worn a 
very short skirt and a top that barely hid her beautiful breasts. 

The action on the field was great but I found myself continually looking
down at Laura's legs.  Her skirt had ridden up her thighs and was now 
barely covering anything.  Watching the players on the field was 
obviously having an effect on her as well because her nipples had been 
hard since the game began and were prominently sticking out through the 
thin fabric of her shirt. 

After a Dallas touchdown we turned and kissed each other and when we sat
back down I moved my hand to her leg.  After a few minutes, without 
even realizing it, I began to slide my hand up and down the smooth skin 
of her thigh.  As my hand reached the bottom of her skirt I turned to 
look at her and saw a sly little smile on her face. 

Considering I was still horny as hell from the previous night (ok, I'll
admit I'm horny as hell all the time) I decided to see what she would 
do if my hand slipped underneath her skirt. 

I continued to move my hand up and down her thigh but on the up stroke I
allowed it to slip underneath the edge of her skirt.  As I moved my 
hand up I was rather surprised when I felt her pussy.  My naughty Laura 
had decided to not wear knickers underneath her short skirt!  Even 
though I only brushed her pussy with my hand I could tell she was very 
wet.  As my hand brushed her lips she turned and looked at me and then 
looked around to see if anyone near us was paying attention.  
Fortunately the game was keeping everyone's attention away from us. 

I continued to move my hand on her leg and would just let it linger
against her sex as I moved it under her skirt before sliding it back 
down her leg.  I was enjoying teasing her like this and seeing how her 
breathing was increasing I knew she was getting hot too.  Just knowing 
we were in the middle of the crowd made this entire thing a little more 
exciting. 

After teasing her for a good 5 or 10 minutes I decided to push the
envelope a little.  As my hand moved back underneath her skirt I turned 
my hand and let my fingers brush up against her lips.  Her pussy was 
soaking wet.  I slipped my finger between her lips and teased her 
opening.  Her mouth opened up and a very low moan escaped her lips but 
it was lost in the noise of the crowd around us. 

My fingertip pushed past her lips and I entered her.  I wiggled my
finger and saw her hands grasp the seat as she tightened her pussy 
around my finger. 

I withdrew my finger and lifted it to my lips and looked at Laura as I
began to taste her on my finger.  She looked at me as I obviously 
enjoyed her taste and just smiled. 

I moved my finger back down and slid it inside of her again.  Letting
her excitement cover my finger with wetness.  This time, when I slid it 
out, I lifted my finger to her lips and watched as she sensually sucked 
on my finger and tasted her own pussy. 

When she had sucked my finger completely clean she stood up, reached for
my hand, and said to follow her. 

I certainly didn't want to leave the game even though I was very turned
on.  I had no idea where she wanted to go but the look in her eyes told 
me to not question her. 

She took my hand and walked me up the aisle, past row after row of
screaming football fans.  As we climbed higher up the stadium there was 
definitely fewer fans were sitting up here.  As we neared the top of 
the section we were in there were only a scattering of fans sitting 
around. 

Laura led me to the back row so all the fans were now sitting below us. 
The nearest fan, a woman, was probably 50' away.  I sat down in a seat 
and she sat on my lap and our lips met.  Our kiss was deep and sensual 
immediately.  None of that kissing slowly and then turning up the heat 
gradually.  We were past that already from my fingering her earlier.  
Our tongues played with each other as I held her. 

Our lips parted and she sat on the seat next to me.  Her hand
immediately went to the front of my shorts and found my very hard cock 
straining against them.  She stroked me through the shorts and then she 
undid the button and slid the zipper down. 

A little wiggle of my ass and my cock was now free from my shorts.  Her
little hand stroked my hard cock.  Laura gave a little look around and 
then bent over and I felt her tongue lick over the head as she lapped 
up the pre-cum that had appeared. 

Her tongue licked around the head several times before I felt her mouth
open up and slide over my cock.  She moved her head further down, 
taking more and more until the entire length of my shaft was buried in 
her face.  Her hands cupped my balls as her head began to bob up and 
down. 

I reached down and began to play with her tits.  Sliding my hand
underneath her shirt and taking her hard nipple between my thumb and 
forefinger and rubbing it, tugging on it.  Laura loves having her tits 
played with and I felt her sucking increase in tempo as my hands found 
her breast. 

Leaning over and into my lap had lifted her skirt up exposing her ass. 
I moved my hand from underneath her shirt and slid it over her ass.  I 
could reach down and feel her wet pussy from behind as she sucked on 
me. 

I began to fuck her with my finger.  Pushing my finger deep inside of
her.  She responded by bobbing her head in rhythm with my fingering.  
She was holding the base of my cock in her hand and sucking on the 
rest. 

The crowd was cheering the action on the field but my eyes were shut as
her mouth tightened around my shaft.  I only opened them when I felt 
her mouth slide off of my cock. 

She leaned up and kissed me deeply, still stroking me.  She gave another
quick look around and she stood up and stepped in front of me. 

Facing the field she began to sit down on my lap.  Her short skirt now
hiding the fact her hand was holding my cock and guiding it into her 
cunt.  She held herself above me for a few seconds as she used her hand 
to move the head of my cock between her lips before she settled down 
and I sunk into her in one quick motion. 

She was sitting on my lap, facing away from me as she began to move her
ass causing me to slide in and out of her.  Her pussy was dripping wet 
and grasping my cock tighter than I could have believed. 

I put my hands on her hips and helped guide her as she rode me.  She was
leaning forward and her skirt was rising up in the back just enough to 
allow me a glimpse of her pussy stretched around my hard cock as she 
moved up and down. 

Her ass slapped against my lap as she bounced up and down.  The crowd
noise had raised a few decibels and helped mask the noise we were 
making. 

I moved my hands up from her waist and cupped both of her tits.
Squeezing them and playing with her nipples as she rode me.  Her pussy 
grasped at my cock tightly as she slid up and down my shaft which was 
now coated with her wetness. 

I felt the familiar tightening in my balls and I knew I wasn't going to
be able to last much longer.  Laura must have sensed I was close and 
moaned out for me to hold on because she was getting close. 

I put one hand on her hip and moved the other around and I slide it
under her skirt and began to rub her clit as she fucked me.  My finger 
rubbing circles over her clit brought her to the edge.  She moaned out 
she was close as her pussy sucked me in. 

Her ass bounced on me as I plunged in deeper and deeper while my finger
rubbed her clit. 

"I'm cumming!" she moaned out and I felt her pussy tighten on me as she
pushed herself down into my lap as far as she could go.  I felt my own 
orgasm swelling up. 

The crowd went completely crazy as I began to shoot my hot cum deep
inside of her cunt.  Her body shuddered as her own orgasm rocked 
through her body which was impaled on my cock.  My cock pumped its load 
into her as I used my hands to hold her down tight on my lap.  My cock 
buried inside of her as her pussy squeezed it tightly and milked the 
cum from my balls.  The screaming and excitement in the stadium was a 
deafening roar. 

Laura's body slumped back against my chest and I realized that Dallas
had just scored and that is what brought the crowd to a frenzy as we 
had both cum.  Perfect timing! 

Laura finally stood up on her wobbly legs and I felt my cock slip from
her wet cunt with a little plop noise and she straightened her skirt. 

I looked over and saw a woman sitting in the next section who was
looking right at us.  Her hand was between her legs and she had 
obviously been fingering herself while watching us have sex.  Laura sat 
down in her seat and leaned over to kiss me and realized I was looking 
off to the left.  Laura's gaze followed mine and a deep red blush 
spread over her face when she realized the woman had been watching us 
the whole time. 

The woman smiled and licked her finger while looking at us.  We both
laughed and Laura's embarrassment seemed to lift.  I slid my shorts 
back up and we both gave her a little wave. 

The game ended shortly after that and I could barely wait to get her
back to the hotel room so we could continue.
