Bre shuddered slightly as she began to read, rife with anticipation. She pronouced each word clearly, trying to maintain a consistent rhythm as much to distract herself as to impress. Seated in the middle of the little room, she was under close watch; even as she read she felt the eyes all around her...close. It was hard, but she loved the hard work.
Taking a moment to catch her breath, she mistakenly let her mind loose..
She was way past the point of any shame, but her actual state only now dawned on her. Managing to partly distract herself by concentrating on the words in front, she had not been consciously aware of the wet noises emanating from between her thighs. Even now, her fancy little skirt covered the working end of the wand shoved up against her slit. But the sound revealed to her now just how wet she was. Quickly, she glanced back down at the page in front of her, cleared her throat and steadied herself, then began to read softly..
Around her, people exchanged grins and glances. They weren't really interested in the words being read; the words were just a prop, the sentences not remotely of any meaning to the situation at hand. And while they all pined to touch her and explore her..have their way with her..they were patient. Her display gave them a chance to really appreciate her form and to form their ideas for the night. Not to mention that the act of having her on display for them was a turn-on by itself, to be enjoyed just as much as the rest. A few of them were even especially interested in this part; they liked to be teased but they loved to torment her just as much. And so she continued with her struggle, her eyes gleaming as she raced through the lines, her mind fixated down below, instead.
Bre's words now trembled, and she was pretty much unable to distract herself fully from the storm building up inside her. The toy droned on slowly even as her pussy dripped and ached. But she had been told to finish reading the entire page and to not worry about her pussy, and she was expressly forbidden from cumming. So she read on, slurring a word here and there, looking up in embarrassment only to be met with a stern glance, a silent command to do what she had been asked to do. Her clothes felt tight and constricting, and her sweat made at least the top half irrelevant anyway. It mattered even less still because a horizontal patch was cut out off her white, cotton blouse to ensure that her breasts, with their stiffening nipples, were always visible to the crowd. Her tight skirt clinged to her thighs, riding up as she shuddered from desperation.
But that was not all with regards to what felt so constraining; her blouse didn't end till all the way up to her neck, buttoned, with a scarf tightly wrapped around the neck over the top button. An attached buckle connected her to her master's fingers via a few feet long belt. And furthermore, her wrists were cuffed, just barely able to hold up the heavy book thrust into her joint- palms. Still she persisted, clenching her thighs together both to push away the wand as well as to feel more touched. But it hardly helped, and when she was done with three-fourths of the page, she felt like giving up, burning to thrust both hands hard against her pussy.
As her speech became even more slurred, her master tugged at her make-shift collar slightly. Jumping, Bre settled back down with her ass grazing against her ankle, and cleared her throat. Breathing deep, she resolved to pull her mind off her torment just for a few seconds, and thrust herself back into reading. A few words in, however, she sounded garbled, stammering. She heard laughter around her. Some of the laughter felt mocking and humiliating, sure, and she blushed a deep red, yet some of the laughter seemed as if they laughed with her...only, she could barely offer a smile as she struggled hard.
She pressed her knees together and leaned down hard, almost as if embracing the toy, and yelped at the renewed contact. Yet, catching herself, she began to blurt out some of the last words. But, maybe, it would be too much, for she began to groan out loudly between her words. Her arm was pressed down against her thighs and her cuffed fists brushed up against the toy. Her master tugged even harder, and she lept back up, barking loudly. She saw flashing lights and a couple of HD cameras aimed in her direction. Trying to get away from the wand, she pushed down on her knees, straining upwards.
She never did find out if she finished the task successfully; all she remembered were flashing lights and mixed noises from the people around her. A few of them had been openly moaning by now, touching themselves though remaining clothed. She also heard gasps and laughter, and she heard herself yelp out. When she opened her eyes, finally, the book lay in front of her on the floor and she herself lay slumped half on the floor and half on the cushions that displayed her. She had cum hard, and even now she throbbed, wondering if she did faster than the wand lying next to her. Everyone was applauding her - surely - marvelous effort.
But this was just the first half hour of the fun part of this special night. As she crawled forward a few feet over to her master, she went over the upcoming task that she had been assigned. Another special outfit awaited her, and once again, she would be on display. Only this time, they would all get to personally 'examine' her and pass her around.
Resting her head against Master's knee, Bre gulped..suddenly more aware of everyone around her.