The Arena Aftermath
by Hstoner

The Arena Aftermath Ch. 01

Public sex leads to new friends.

Sara and I knew that there was a risk of consequences from our performance in Texas. Still, we thought that we were reasonably safe. True, we had fucked and sucked naked on stage in front of about 8,000 people. But, we had done it nearly a thousand miles from home. Neither of us had any intention of going back to Texas. Only a few people in the West Central Texas town where we had performed knew our real names and contact information. Our agreement with Howard French (not his real name), the sponsor of our "event" was that no pictures were taken.

We had been home about a week when we got an e-mail from Vivien, French's accountant and ostensible girlfriend. Vivien was leaving French and had become, we thought, a friend. The e-mail said that, unbeknownst to us, closed-circuit TV cameras had shown every second of our performance on the arena's mega screen TV. That wasn't bad in itself, but, of course, the arena's closed-circuit TV system was computer-driven so a complete video of our performance was saved on French's servers.

The last two paragraphs of Vivien's e-mail to us went as follows:

"As you know, I'm leaving here. I've been cleaning up things in the office and I deleted the video of you from every place I could find it. To my knowledge, only two copies remain. One is attached. What you did was so beautiful; I had to keep a copy for myself. I hope that you don't mind."

"I also attached a copy of my CV. As I told you when you were here, I'd like to get back to the Midwest. You know the deal Howard gave me, so you know that I really don't need to work at all. But, I can't just lie around eating bonbons. If you know anyone doing something interesting whom you could put me in touch with, I'll be forever indebted."

I suppose that you could have read that as implied blackmail, but we didn't. It so happened that Sara and I did know someone in the major city in the next state west, about a hundred miles away. Leslie ran a business doing event marketing and consulting. She had started several years ago promoting dirt-track car races. She'd moved up to county fairs, and then got work with a couple of state fairs. Now she was working with some minor league baseball teams and had recently signed a contract to consult with a WNBA franchise. Leslie's husband, Martin, was a structural engineer. He had left a large engineering shop about four years ago to start his own firm, and was doing very well. Leslie and Marty were also committed nudists. That was how we had met them. They were also very good people and very good friends. Sara forwarded Vivien's CV to Leslie.

We put the video of our performance on a thumb drive and took it home to watch. Watching ourselves, naked in the bright lights, with spectators faces in the background, show ourselves off and then do oral and vaginal sex brought back much of the intense eroticism of that night. I was surprised that, playing the video in real time, we had been on stage almost exactly the hour which French had requested. It had seemed only about half as long. Sara and I fucked with a special intensity that night. We were both a bit disappointed, though, that no one was watching.

Gwen, our secretary, had learned what we were up to before we left for Texas. Since we had been back, she kept teasing us about seeing the video. I probably would have kept quiet about there actually being a video. However, Sara is compulsively honest and candid and told Gwen that we had a video of ourselves. That disclosure led to the three of us sitting in a conference room in our office while Gwen watched a video of me eating and fucking Sara in front of an audience.

Gwen watched the video in silence. When it was over, she said, "Wow! You guys are something. I don't think that I could do it, but it must have been fun."

Sara responded, "It was the most exciting thing that I've done in my life so far."

Apart from showing Gwen the video, things went on fairly normally. We heard from both Leslie and Vivien that Vivien had worked out deals to be an independent contractor to both Leslie's and Marty's businesses and was moving to their town. Given how readily Vivien stripped off in the Texas bar after our performance, we hoped that Les and Marty would bring her into the lifestyle and that we'd be seeing more of her.

Right around the Holidays, we got a call from Amy. We had given Amy and her daughter, Heather, our real contact information because they seemed like good people and people we'd like as friends. Apparently, that feeling was mutual. Amy was calling to tell us that she, her husband John, Heather, and Heather's boyfriend Greg were going to Club Orient for ten days in January. Would we like to join them?

After checking our calendars, Sara and I gave an enthusiastic "yes." January in the Midwestern US is not the region's best time of year. Several days naked on a Caribbean beach with good company seemed a desirable alternative.

We had a very quiet set of Holidays. It was a gorgeous day when we met Amy, Heather, John, and Greg at Princess Juliana airport. When we got to the resort, we hit a glitch. We thought that we had reserved two adjoining chalets. The resort had only reserved one. The resort staff was very sorry, but, with it being winter in North America and Europe, they were fully booked. They did offer to move an extra bed into the chalet. What were we going to do?

The chalets are intended to sleep up to four. Adding two people made things a bit cramped. Of course, after a couple of hours nude on the beach, dinner nude on the grounds, and a few drinks, all three couples were getting amorous.

Back in the chalet, there was really no privacy. Each couple tried to hide under the sheets, but it was blatantly obvious that we were all going at it. Actually, it was pretty nice hearing the sounds of John and Amy and Heather and Greg making love while Sara and I pleasured each other.

The next morning, I had the privilege of sharing the shower outside the chalet with Amy.

Grinning, Amy said, "It sounded like you two had a fun evening."

Grinning back, I said, "Well, if my ears weren't lying, John hit your spot."

Grinning more broadly, Amy said, "Yes, he did and he was rewarded."

"I heard that," I said. We both laughed.

After toweling off, we walked back inside. Everyone else was up and Sara was making coffee (God love her). Amy walked to the center of the room.

"Well, we all know that we all had fun last night. We're so close together in here that I don't see any point in being coy about it. Of course, we have to behave outside the chalet, but, in here, I say that we just be open about the sex."

No one objected to that house rule. The six of us spent a very relaxing day naked on the beach. We even survived an influx of cruise ship day trippers who wanted to see the "nudy beach." None of us minded being seen. A few of the cruise ship folks stripped off themselves. Despite the signs forbidding photography, quite a few of the ones who stripped had some special pictures for their albums.

John and Amy gamble a bit. That night, they got dressed and took the rental car into Phillipsburg to go to the casino. Heather and John and Amy and I weren't interested in that. Just after Amy and John left, Sara and I wrapped pareos around our waists and walked off the nude beach to a small stand selling fresh cooked fish and rice. We brought four meals back to the chalet and the four of us had our second nude dinner on the porch.

After dinner, we had a few drinks and talked. After the dark, the sea breeze slackened and we got a few bugs, which moved us inside. Heather sat down on the sofa and put her feet up on the coffee table. That pose left her fully exposed.

"It is funny, and I don't understand it, but I really enjoy people seeing my naked body," Heather said. "I know all three of you are looking at my pussy and that feels great to me. At the same time, I feel good looking at Greg's and Harry's dicks. I even like that Sara is looking at me and I like looking at Sara. What is it? Am I sick?"

Sara laughed. "No, you are not sick. The naked human body is an attractive and sexy thing to see. As for people looking at you, I enjoy it too. Part of it is probably breaking the taboo. I also take pride in my body and put work into it. If people get pleasure looking at me, that's great. And, Heather you're very beautiful. You should never be ashamed of or hide your body."

Greg and I thought it best to let the girls take the lead on this topic.

Heather looked at me, "What about you, Harry. Obviously, you don't mind people seeing you. What is it?"

"I think Sara probably explained it as well as I can. I don't know exactly, but, as you said, it gives me a good feeling. Of course, being naked is much more comfortable than being clothed."

"What about the sex?" Heather asked.

"Sex is a wonderful thing. I don't know why society decided that it should be hidden. I'm proud to give physical proof of my love for Sara."

Heather laughed. "As well as you two do it, I'm not surprised that you want to show off." Heather paused. "Don't worry Greg, You're great too,"

Greg smiled. "Thank you. You aren't so bad yourself."

We talked an hour or so longer. Then Heather and Sara got the idea that we might as well re-arrange things so that the three beds were next to each other. That turned into real work, but we got it done. Then the four of us showered together outside in the darkness. Sara was riding me, and Heather was riding Greg, when Amy and John returned from the casino. Amy and John quickly stripped and put the third bed to similar use.

The next morning, I walked up to the store to get a paper. When I got back, only John and Greg were in the chalet. Pointing in the direction of the bar/restaurant, John said "The girls are having a pow-wow."

The girls walked back about a half hour later. Coming into the chalet, Amy again took the lead.

"We've talked. We're all having a great time and, counting today, we have seven days left before we fly out. We girls were thinking what we could do to make this trip really special. Well, our idea is, to put it bluntly, to partner swap. Obviously, John can't hook up with Heather, so here's what we want to do. Sara will pair up with John. I'll pair up with Greg, you're not my son-in-law yet. Heather will pair with Harry. We'll try it for today and, if it goes ok, we can keep doing it. The idea is that the new pairs will spend the day, and tonight, as if they had come with each other. Are you guys ok with that?"

Sara and I have an open relationship. Our love for each other involves much more than just sex and neither of us is jealous if one gives and receives pleasure with another partner. I wasn't so sure that this was a great idea for the other four. I saw special potential for trouble with the Amy/Greg pairing. However, everyone seemed to like the idea, and it wasn't my place to act like everyone else's parent.

The idea was quickly accepted and Heather plopped her naked butt next to mine on the sofa. "Well, partner, what are we doing today? I'd like to do something active."

"What about snorkeling? I can see if the water sports people can outfit us and take us to Tintamarre."

"Great idea."

Amy spoke up. "If we're going separate ways today, how about we meet back here around 4:30. There's a great restaurant in Grand Case. I know it means getting dressed, but we can have some fun with that too, and the restaurant is worth it." Everyone agreed.

I established that we could get fins and masks and that the water sports people could take Heather and me to Tintamarre in a half hours. Back at the chalet, I asked in anyone else wanted to come.

"No. You two have fun together," Greg responded.

Heather and I quickly packed waterproof bags with food, drink, and sunscreen. The boat ride out to the small island in Orient Bay was quick. Unfortunately, we were not alone. Two Dutch couples went out with us. We were dropped off, warned about currents, and left. One of the Dutch ladies said to me, in a fairly heavy accent, "Don't worry about us. We give you room."

Heather and I walked around with our gear and finally decided that the side of the island towards the northwest, towards all the newer non-CO resorts on Orient Bay looked most promising. We donned our gear and got into the water.

The fish and marine landscape around the small island really isn't that great. It may be better with scuba, but I haven't done that here and really haven't seen anyone diving in Orient Bay. However, swimming behind Heather watching her bare legs and butt more than made the excursion worthwhile. We snorkeled for quite a while, and then walked back up the beach. Our sunscreen was supposed to be waterproof, but why take chances. Heather and I covered each other with more sunscreen. Heather paid particular attention to my dick and balls.

"I sure don't want those burned," she giggled.

After coating each other, which took an inordinately long time, we drank some water. Sitting on the small island's beach, we could see people moving on the main beach across the water.

"Harry, do you think that those people could tell if we were out here fucking?" Heather asked.

"I'm not sure."

Heather giggled. "Do you want to find out?"

I rolled onto my side and kissed one of Heather's nipples.

"I guess you do want to find out," Heather giggled again. She gently pushed me flat on my back and leaned over me. As she began to kiss me, her hand fondled my balls. Then she began stroking my shaft. I was kissing Heather and rolling one of her nipples between my thumb and forefinger as it hardened. Heather abruptly lay back on her back and spread her legs on the sand.

"You on top, she said softly.

I got on top of Heather and slowly slid into her. The look on her face was almost enough by itself to make me come. My ass was faced towards Orient Beach.

Heather whispered in my ear, "Go slow. Let's give a good show."

That said, Heather seemed very sensitive. Before I was close to coming, Heather was there, and nearly hyperventilated. I don't know about people on Orient Beach, but as my focus broadened from just Heather, I saw the two Dutch couples watching from a discrete distance.

As we ate our food, Heather apologized. "You didn't come. I'll make it up to you later." Sooner than I wished, the boat came to take us and the Dutch back to the resort.

It was only mid-afternoon. Heather and I walked the resort. Noticing that the tennis courts were empty, she gestured, "Want to play?"

I'm rotten at tennis. But, we borrowed some rackets and I bought a can of balls at the store. We warmed up and then flipped for service. Before my first serve, Heather turned her back to me and crouched. "Will you check my form for receiving serve?"

Her form was excellent. Unfortunately, Heather was a good tennis player. She also looked great playing naked, especially as she began to sweat. By the time she had blanked me 6-0, we, or rather she, had a few spectators.

"That's enough. This sun is frying me," Heather said. I think she was really bored. I wasn't much competition.

We returned the rackets and walked back to the chalet. We washed each other under the outdoor shower and went inside. Heather's mother, Amy, said. "Good. You're back. Let's start getting ready to go eat."

I saw what Amy meant by having fun being clothed when she pulled a short sundress over her head with nothing underneath. Heather quickly put on a short white dress that seemed translucent. It cinched below her breasts and emphasized them. The skirt flared out, but stopped above mid-thigh.

Standing behind Heather, I lifted the hem of her dress up, exposing her gorgeous bare ass. "Any breeze and you'll be showing this," I said.

"Hopefully, I'll show more than just that," Heather replied with a laugh.

Heather then dug through my bag to find a tight polo and a pair of pretty short shorts. "Commando only," she instructed. I put the shirt and shorts on. "Sit," Heather commanded. I did. She squatted down level with my legs. "Good, I can see the head of you dick when you sit. That works."

Just then, Sara and John came out of the other room. Sara had a pareo wrapped tightly around her and clearly wore nothing underneath. She looked good enough to eat right there. John wore an interesting tan garment structured like a very long shirt that stopped above his knees. With it, he wore a belt. Like me, Greg had a polo and short shorts. There wasn't an undergarment among the six of us.

"This could be fun," Amy said.

I feared some resistance to our attire at the beachfront restaurant in Grand Case. My concern was unfounded. We were, technically, dressed. I also suppose that the restaurant and servers were used to just about everything during high season. Still, I felt a bit unusual sitting in a pretty nice restaurant with my dick sticking part way out of one leg of my shorts. I'm sure several other diners noticed, but no one said anything. Perhaps their attention was diverted by Sara, Heather, and Amy, who all looked stunning.

The meal was superb. The light was fading as Heather and I took a short walk along the beachfront. It was high season, so we were not the only strollers. Despite my teasing of Heather before we left the resort, Grand Case is somewhat on the lee side of the island and I really didn't expect any revealing gusts. One came, however, blowing Heather's dress up to the cinch below her breasts. For a moment or two, her bare lower body was on full and glorious display. Several people noticed and a couple gave Heather a round of applause. She took a bow, which exposed her ass again.

"That was great," Heather said. "I wish I could just strip this off and walk naked."

I hadn't seen any of the police who were usually ubiquitous on the French side of the island. "Maybe you can," I said. "If any authority shows up, we can plead the ignorant American defense."

That was all Heather needed. She undid the cinch and pulled the dress over her head. Naked with heeled sandals, Heather looked gorgeous, sexy, and elegant. We walked back to where Sara, John, Amy, and Greg stood outside the restaurant.

"A bit off of the reservation, aren't we?" chided John.

"It seems to me that Heather has a good idea," Sara said as she undid her pareo and exposed herself.

"I guess I'll have to join in," Amy sighed as she pulled her dress over her head.

The street lights were on now. Looking at the three naked women, I doubted that I had ever seen anything more beautiful. But, our rental car was parked two blocks away. This could be interesting.

Once again, Heather took the lead. She unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts and pulled them to my ankles. I figured that there was no point arguing, so I stepped out of them. "Arms up Harry," Heather commanded. She pulled my shirt up and off and bunched it with her dress and my shorts. We linked arms and walked naked through Grand Case.

For some reason, John and Greg stayed clothed, such as they were. This led to an interesting arrangement when we got in the car. The front seat was ceded to John and Greg, partially on the theory that the driver should be wearing something. I was put in the middle of the back. Sara and Amy got in on my right and left. Then Heather crawled over them and sat on my lap.

It was slightly embarrassing when I got out of the car at the resort with a hard-on. Among the six of us, it was no issue. But, the very cute girl who ran the resort store was walking to her car in the parking lot just as I got out. I had flirted with her politely each morning as I got my newspaper. Sara, Amy, and Heather made enough noise that the store girl looked and saw me standing at attention. She smiled, waived, and kept on her way.

We went back to the chalet where John and Greg disrobed, and I relaxed. Then we walked up to the bar for a nightcap or two. Coming back to the chalet, we were all in a great mood and everyone felt frisky. At Sara's suggestion, we pushed the three beds together, as they would remain for the rest of our stay. Soon, Heather was riding me. To one side, Greg and Amy were in 69.

Heather had promised to make me come this time. She had apparently confided in Sara because, rather than fucking John, Sara was beside us on the bed coaching Heather. John sat across the room watching his wife suck one guy and his daughter fuck another. John seemed perfectly ok with that.

Following Sara's instructions, Heather soon had me ready to come. Then Sara had her slow down and relax, leaving me just on the verge. I really wanted to explode into Heather's young, nubile, stunning body; and finally did. Moments later, Heather had her orgasm too.

John and Sara had been spectators so far. Amy and Greg had already gotten each other off, so, when Heather and I finished, we ordered Sara and John onto the bed. Sara lay back and spread her legs. John mounted her. Heather, Amy, Greg, and I sat on the bed in a circle around them and watched them fuck.

The audience inspired Sara, but I thought that John was slightly thrown off. Still, Sara began giving John instructions and soon began to moan. John seemed to grimace as he tried to hold back until Sara came. She was sex personified as she writhed under John's bulk. Finally, Sara gave her shriek that meant a good orgasm. At about the same time, John grunted them seemed to go limp for a second.

Rolling off of Sara, John made a jokey gesture of pounding his chest. "Damn near killed me," he said smiling.

"What a way to go," replied his wife.

Looking at Sara, I could tell that she was ready for more. I'd have loved to accommodate her; but, under our house rule, Sara was off limits to me. Greg, however, 'stepped to the plate.' Having only recently come in Amy's mouth, I wondered how he'd perform. To his credit, his dick was rigid as it slid into Sara's sloppy cunt.

Watching first her father and then her boyfriend fuck my lover apparently aroused Heather. As we watched Greg pumping Sara, Heather began tickling my balls. To my own surprise, I was soon hard again. Heather pulled me away to the far edge of the beds and pulled me on top of her. My dick again entered a vagina that I was becoming pleasantly familiar with. This time, Heather and I took it very slow. We were apparently starting to figure each other out and came more or less together. That made Heather very happy. I sure wasn't complaining either.

The losers in the exchange were Amy and John. With Greg on Sara and me on Heather, they had only each other. As spouses, they were off limits to each other under the rules the girls had formulated.

After this second round of sex, the day's sun, alcohol, and fatigue hit us all. We left the beds together and slept as one big group. I think that I got the best of that bargain, spending the night sandwiched between Heather and her mother.

The next morning, after some mental debate, I went for my paper. Of course, the store was within the resort so I always went there naked. Yup, the same cute girl was there that morning. She smiled as I handed her a note and waited for my change.

After ringing the sale, she looked over the counter. "Monsieur was impressive, but not as impressive this morning. Am I not as exciting as your beautiful friends?" She gave a mock pout.

When I got back to the chalet, the girls were at the restaurant again. They were back sooner this time. Once again, Amy was the spokesperson as John, Greg, and I sat in various corners of the room.

"We've decided that we like the swap and want to maintain it through the rest of the trip. It doesn't seem to us that you guys are unhappy with it either. We are going to make one rule change. Actual partners can have sex with each other, provided that you have an equal number of encounters with your vacation partner the same day. Is that ok?"

John, Greg, and I all shrugged our agreement. With that, Sara came and kneeled in front of me. Amy kneeled in front of John and Heather was in front of Greg. Each lady began stroking her real partner's penis and, more or less simultaneously, took us each in their mouths. I could, of course, never forget how good Sara and a blowjob and she was in excellent form that morning. While I spent most of my time watch my dick in her beautiful mouth, I glanced up once. We had forgotten to draw the curtains inside the patio doors. An older couple with whom we had talked with were walking by. The sounds of three men being satisfied caused them to look into the chalet. They could, of course, see it all. They stopped for just a second and smiled. Both gave a 'thumbs-up,' and then went on their way.

Once Sara was finished with me, it was a couple of minutes before I could stand up. Amy and Heather had apparently left John and Greg in similar condition. When the guys could all stand, Amy clapped her hands and said, "You all need to be washed off. Outside. Vacation partners only."

We three guys stood under the outdoor shower at the back of the chalet. Two other couples were walking back from breakfast and saw the somewhat uncommon sight of the three ladies washing off the penises of the three of us.

The ladies decided that they wanted to go shopping at the many stands along the non-nude part of Orient Beach. Sara, Heather, and Amy fastened pareos around themselves in a way that anything more than a slight breeze would expose them, at least from the waist down. Heather than wrapped a pareo around me and tied it so that it would likely flap open in front. For some reason, John and Greg wore shorts and t-shirts.

We sauntered up the beach at a leisurely pace. The girls wanted to stop at each stall and look over everything. To my eye, there was really nothing worth buying unless you wanted a souvenir t-shirt or cap. As I think the girls hoped, the breeze did pick up and all four of us had our asses and genitals on display most of the time. I was waiting for someone to complain, but no one did.

To the contrary, as we were walking along the beach a particularly strong gust blew in, leaving the three ladies and me fully exposed just as two rather attractive ladies in very slight bikinis were walking the other way. Loudly enough for us to hear it, one of the girls said in a British accent, "The chap in the wrap look nice enough to take in hand, but the two in shorts are wankers." The girls got a giggle out of that, but I don't think that John and Greg were amused.

The two men were less amused when we got back to the chalet. Again standing in the center of the room, Amy asked, "Were the girls on the beach right that the guys in shorts are wankers?"

Sara and Heather answered "yes" in unison.

Amy gave John and Greg a mock frown. "Well, you wouldn't put it out there on the beach like Harry did. You better pull them out now and play with them I want to see you both spurting or you're celibate for the rest of the day."

Amy's dictate was confirmed by a "right on" from Sara and Heather.

John and Greg really had no choice. Somewhat grudgingly, they each unzipped and pulled their dicks out. Sara went to the bathroom and brought back a towel which she spread in front of them. John and Greg had to get themselves hard and then began to stroke themselves. Greg looked particularly uncomfortable.

Heather whispered in my ear, "I've never seen him jack-of before."

After a moment, John seemed to accept the situation and quickly got into jacking himself. He shot sooner than I would have wanted to. He missed the towel, but caught his wife's leg just above her knee. Amy reached down, got some of John's cum on her finger, and then licked it off.

Greg was having a real problem. Finally, Sara pulled a chair in front of him, sat down in it, spread her legs, and began fingering herself. That was the visual stimulation Greg needed. He also overshot the towel and caught Sara on her abdomen. Sara followed Amy's lead and licked some of Greg's discharge off of her finger.

Heather, who was sitting next to me, stood up. "Now, boys, I want you to see Harry's reward for putting his dick out for all to see."

Heather sat back down next to me. She took me in her left hand while she ran her right index finger under my small head. When I was good and hard, which didn't take long, she grabbed a bottle of skin lotion, spread some on her hands, and began stroking me vigorously. As a matter of pride, I tried to hold out, but Heather knew what she was doing. I think Heather was also aiming me because, when I came, I shot across the coffee table and hit her mother squarely on her small strip of pubic hair. Sara and Amy applauded.

"See what happens when a girl takes you in hand?" Heather asked.

Looking outside (we had forgotten to close the curtains again) I saw the same older Canadian couple from the morning. Geez! What did they think?

I had made the mistake of telling Heather about the comment that morning by the girl in the resort store. When I went to get my paper the next morning, Heather insisted on going with me. Not content to just get a paper, Heather insisted on looking at something at the back of the store. When I followed her, she cornered me and began stroking me and playing with my balls. I had figured out what she was doing, and it sounded fun so I went along.

Heather got me very hard and then led me back to the front of the store. "Miss!" Heather said, making enough noise that another couple in the store turned and looked. Having the store girl's attention, Heather pointed at my hard-on. "Is that what you expected?"

The store girl laughed and clapped a couple of times. "Very much better," she said. The other couple just smiled. All that to get a paper.

That gives you the flavor of our trip. I spent a lot of time engaged in sex with Heather, and with Sara. John loosened up and all of us except Greg pushed the envelope on exposing ourselves around the French side of the island. I was a little surprised that we didn't get into any trouble, but we didn't.

The last night on the island was special. We wanted to stay naked, so John, Greg, and I made arrangements with the resort and with a restaurant in Grand Case to cater a fine meal to the chalet. We had candles, wine, and a waitress. It cost a bundle. The waitress, a young French lady, scored points with all of us by asking whether we would be offended if she removed her clothes too. Of course, we were all fine with that. She earned a large tip and we shared a glass of wine with her before she dressed and left.

Heather and I made love slowly and tenderly that night. From the sounds, I'd say that the same was occurring between John and Sara and Amy and Greg.

In the morning, we took a last, fast shower outside. We had an early flight to San Juan. Amy and John and Heather and Greg had a different and earlier flight out of San Juan than Sara and me. In the San Juan airport, Heather led me a ways away from the others. She kissed me.

"Thank you for a truly wonderful week," she said.

"No, thank you. You are a very special lady," I replied.

Heather paused for a second, looking in my eyes. "Is it possible to love two people at once?" she asked.

"Absolutely," I answered.

Heather smiled. She kissed me again. "In that case, I love you."

Wow!

After Amy and John and Heather and Greg boarded their flight, Sara and I walked to our gate hand-in-hand. "How was your trip?" I asked her.

"Great. But you know that I love that sort of thing." Sara took a few steps, turned to me and smiled. "You got the best part of it, though. Heather is pretty special."

"Yes, she is" was all I could say.

"I get it," Sara said as she leaned forward to kiss me. We held each other tightly, kissing in the middle of the concourse.

Finally, Sara and I broke our embrace. We needed to get to our gate.


The Arena Aftermath Ch. 02

A mistake taught our secretary the fun of exhibition.

After our holiday on St. Martin, Sara and I came home and returned to mundane life. We stayed in touch with Heather, Amy, and John as well as Vivien. However, apart from acquiring four very good new friends, it seemed that our performance in Texas was history.

The first indication which we had that Texas would be an ongoing part of our lives came in the spring. Ordinarily, I dislike Mondays. However, this one had started better than most. I had gotten an agreement to settle a real dog case. The deal wasn't going to make my client rich, but it was more than she would likely have recovered at trial. I had to cut my fee to get the deal done, but ten percent of something beats one-third of nothing.

My internal com line buzzed just after I had finished talking to opposing counsel. When I picked up, it was Sara asking if I could come to our conference room immediately. When I walked into the room, I saw Sara sitting and a very shamed face Gwen standing in front of her.

"Harry, "Sara said, "Gwen told me something very disturbing this morning. I think you need to hear it from her." In a very sharp voice, Sara said "Gwen!"

Gwen turned towards me, keeping her eyes to the floor. I could tell that she was embarrassed and scared.

"Harry," Gwen started hesitantly, "I'm very, very sorry. I lost control and did something very stupid."

My mind was running through the possibilities. Had she stolen client money? Had she disclosed confidential client information? Had she gotten arrested? The silence lengthened.

"Ok Gwen," I said, "What happened? It can't be the end of the world."

Gwen started, "I," then stopped.

"Gwen, you need to tell me," I urged.

Sara was much harsher: "Gwen, you tell Harry now or you are fired on the spot with a permanent negative reference from us."

"Christ," I thought. What the hell had happened?

"You showed me the video of your sex performance." Gwen started again. "I thought that it was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen so I, well, I made a copy and took it home."

"You should not have done that, "I said, "but, if that's all there is, I'm not sure that this is a big deal."

Sara sharply replied, "It isn't all Harry."

Gwen blanched. Then she started again. "I had some friends at my condo Saturday night. We drank some and started talking about sex. Finally, I said that I could show them the sexiest thing they had ever seen and I showed them your video."

"Did you give anyone a copy?" I asked.

"Well, the video got me kind of excited. A guy there, he's not really a boyfriend, and I went back to my bedroom. I'm pretty sure that I shut the video off before we went back there. We took a really long time. When we got done and came back to the living room, my other friends had left and your video was up on my TV again."

Sara, obviously pissed, asked, "So, you don't know whether your friends took a copy or not?"

Gwen simply shook her head.

"For all you know, they've posted it on the Internet?" Sara nearly barked.

Gwen looked at the floor and shook her head. "What are you going to do?" she finally asked.

Sara was truly angry, which doesn't happen often. Sensing a bad situation developing, I quickly said "We don't know yet. We will have to think about it. Go back to work."

After Gwen left the room, Sara said angrily, "That bitch. I want her out of here today."

"Hang on a minute," I said. "I agree that Gwen committed a huge breach of trust. But, apart from this incident, she's been very good for us. She's been with us long enough that, if she or we tell people she was fired, she'll have a terrible time finding another job. Besides, we're partly at fault for letting her know that the video existed."

"What do you want to do? What else can we do but fire her?" Sara asked.

"We don't have to do anything right away. Let's see what happens and decide then," I suggested.

Sara was not pleased, but she could tell that I was very much against any precipitate action.

The scope of the problem became clearer shortly after I went back to my office. Heather called.

"Harry. I was talking to my parents. As you probably suspect, they like to look at sexy stuff online. They sent me a link last night that I just opened this morning. It is a video of you and Sara at the arena. I think that it is really nice and wish that it was me in the video instead of Sara. But, I thought you two were trying to keep that quiet so I thought I should tell you in case you didn't know already that it is on the Internet."

"Thanks," I replied. "We didn't know that it had been recorded until Vivien, Mr. French's assistant sent us a copy. She said, and I believe her, that she erased all the copies except for one she kept for herself. I think that it got out because we made a mistake. We showed it to our secretary, she made a copy and took it. I think that's how it got out."

Heather and I talked a while longer. Even under these circumstances, talking to Heather was always a pleasure.

As I hung up with Heather, Sara flew into my office.

"Barb Milroy called," Sara announced. Barb was a lawyer friend of Sara's who did not know about our exhibitionism. "Barb said that she caught her son looking at porn on his computer. Barb says that what he was watching was a video of a couple 'having sex' in front of a large crowd. Her voice got very tense as she said to me that the couple looked a lot like us."

I nodded. "Heather just called. She and Amy and John have seen it on the Internet. Of course, they liked it."

That brought the first smile I'd seen on Sara's face since we'd been in the office. "What do we do Harry? Are we fucked?"

"No, but I'm not sure where this could go. Let me do some work on it."

Shortly after Sara left my office, my phone rang again. When I picked up, a gruff voice on the other end said "Stone? This is Howard French."

I said nothing.

After a moment, French went on. "I'm calling because I did not tell you that I had a video recording made of the performance which you and Sara gave out here last year. I don't have that video any more. I assume that Vivien erased it when she left. With hindsight, I'm glad that she did. But, you should know that video is on the Internet. I'd say that the two of you are pretty recognizable. I also want you to know that I did not give it out. I never even looked at the video before it was erased."

"We know that the video is on the Net," I said. Thanks for the call anyway."

"One more thing," French insisted. "You know that I'm pretty powerful down here. I called our District Attorney before I called you. I give that SOB a lot of money, so I'm sure he's already forgotten that call. What he told me was that, since the arena is my private property and we didn't pay you or charge admission, no crime was committed. Also, there is no way from the video to tell where it happened. I built this place and, from that video, I couldn't tell you whether it was shot in my building."

"Thank you Mr. French," I said and ended the call.

The first concern was whether our licenses could be at risk. I had a very good friend who had formerly been disciplinary counsel for our state supreme court. I called her.

"I'm upset that you didn't invite me," Megan teased when I explained the situation. "What is the link? I want to see that before I give you any advice."

Reluctantly, I gave my friend the link. Megan called back just before lunch.

"Harry, on a personal level, I have to say that I didn't know that you look that good naked. From what I saw, your partner is a very lucky girl."

I started to interrupt, but Megan cut me off. "I know that's not why you called me. I'm going to assume that what you told me about there not being any criminal conduct is accurate. I don't think you committed any professional misconduct. The only basis to proceed against you would be for conduct that 'adversely reflects on the lawyer's fitness to practice under 8.4(h). This is so attenuated from your practice, and nothing identifies either of you as a lawyer, that I cannot imagine that Disciplinary Counsel or the Board will be interested in this other than to get their jollies watching the two of you."

"Thank you Megan, that was my analysis before we did it, but, now that it is public, I thought I needed either a second opinion or counsel."

Megan laughed. "It isn't something that I'd encourage a lawyer to do, but it sure looked like fun. If you do that again, invite me along."

After I hung up, I paused for a second to wonder whether Megan was kidding or not. It didn't matter. I reported what I had learned to Sara.

"We have no criminal or disciplinary issue," Sara summarized, "so the only issue is how this affects our clients."

"Do you really think our clients will see it?" I asked.

Sara replied, "I'm sure that some already have." I heard Sara's phone ring. "My outside line," Sara said, "I'll get back to you."

Sara stood in my office door a few minutes later. Despite the stress of the morning, my spirits were buoyed by Sara's incredible beauty and the fact that she preferred that we both work naked in the office.

"That call was Vivien," Sara said. "She wanted us to know that she did not let the video out. But, she thought that it could be a positive if people knew that we might get opportunities."

I laughed. "I seriously doubt that Vivien's right on that point." Of course, I was thinking of professional opportunities.

"Oh, I wouldn't be so dismissive," Sara smiled. She had relaxed a lot since Gwen had made her disclosure earlier in the day. "We still need to do something about Gwen. I think I know what."

It was just after lunch when we called Gwen back into the conference room.

Sara took the lead. "Gwen, we know that the video has been posted on the Internet."

Gwen groaned, "I know too."

"Several of our friends have seen it, "Sara continued. "Being our friends, they are not upset. Harry has talked to some people he knows well, and we are pretty confident that we will not get into any formal trouble. But, this is the kind of thing that could damage our practice. If that happens, we will have to let you go. Beyond that, you violated our trust and must be punished."

Gwen looked up with some fright.

Sara continued. "I have decided that your punishment will have two parts. Harry is hearing this for the first time, too, but I am sure that he will not object. Take your slacks and panties off."

Gwen froze.

Sara's voice acquired a stern tone. "You will submit to your punishment or you are fired effectively immediately for theft. Those are your choices."

Gwen hesitated then began to unbutton her slacks. She let the slacks drop to her feet and stepped out of them. Then she stopped and looked at Sara pleadingly.

"The panties too," Sara instructed.

Gwen blushed red. Very tentatively, she started to push her panties down.

"Hurry up! Get them off!" Sara barked.

Scared more, Gwen quickly pushed her panties the rest of the way down. I had never seen Gwen naked before, but she had a very attractive lower body. Gwen was clearly embarrassed to be standing in front of us naked from the waist down.

Sara sternly gave Gwen her next instruction. "Over my knees."

I think Gwen was pretending that she was in a bad dream. She meekly laid herself over Sara's knees. Gwen's nice ass was sticking up, but she had her legs tightly together.

"Spread," Sara commanded. "I want Harry to see all of you."

After a moment, Gwen spread her legs, revealing an equally attractive cunt. Sara brought her hand down forcefully on Gwen's ass. Gwen yelped either in pain or surprise. Sara spanked Gwen several more times until both of Gwen's cheeks were red.

"Ok, stand up," Sara ordered. "From now on, you work bare from the waist down. You think it was sexy that Harry and I showed off so I want you to have a similar experience. I want your ass, cunt, and legs bare from the moment you leave your condo for work in the morning until you get home at night. You can carry a coat in your car to cover up if you have an accident or something. You will leave the coat in your car when you get here. You will walk bareassed through this parking lot."

Sara paused a moment and then said, "I'm sure that the FedEx man will appreciate you more in your new work out fits."

Gwen blushed again and started to protest. Sara cut her off. "It is that or you are fired for theft.

Gwen bit her lip. After a few more moments, she asked "How long?"

Sara snapped, "Until I say otherwise. Get back to work. Leave your slacks and panties here."

After Gwen walked out, a very attractive sight, I asked Sara, "Do you think we can get away with that?"

"With what?" Sara asked. "We work naked. Gwen asked if she could be permitted to work half naked and we agreed. We thought she was a good friend and never expected her to use it against us. That's the story, and you'd better back me up on it."

Gwen was already at her desk in our reception area when Sara and I got to work the next morning. I assume that she came in extra early on the reasoning that fewer people would be out that early making her chances of being seen less. As we walked in, Sara said, "Gwen, stand up."

Gwen stood. The top she was wearing ended three or four inches above her bush. She was naked but for that top.

"Good," Sara said. "Mr. Stells is coming to meet with me at 10:00 a.m. I am staying dressed for that meeting. You will show Mr. Stells into the conference room."

I was busy when Stells came for his meeting with Sara. I don't know what Gwen went through or whether Stells said anything to Sara. By mid-afternoon, it did seem that Gwen was becoming more comfortable with her exposure. I do know that Sara went out of her way to arrange meetings with men in the office that week and arranged for several deliveries. By Friday morning, Gwen was back to her usual time to come to work. That Friday was a warm and clear day. Looking out my office window, I saw Gwen walking across the complex parking lot wearing only a peasant-style top that stopped at her belly button. She was smiling, and waved at another car which pulled into the lot.

We typically had lunch catered in on Fridays and the three of us ate together. After Gwen had finished her lunch and gone back to her station, Sara said, "I'm going to let Gwen get dressed again on Monday, but I'm not going to tell her until Monday. I want her thinking about it over the weekend."

"Sara," I said, "this is just a guess, but I think that Gwen is a lot less embarrassed about being half naked than she was. I suspect that she's actually enjoying it."

All Sara said was "Hum."

Because of the nice weather, Sara and I drove west and spent the weekend with Leslie and Martin at their nude resort. During our conversations, the subject of our video came up. Leslie and Martin both liked the video a lot. Sara explained how the video had gotten out and her punishment of Gwen.

Leslie was dismissive. "That is no punishment at all. I'd love to be able to work bareassed every day."

Sara responded, "I'm pretty sure that Gwen does not feel the same way."

I caught Leslie's eye, grinned, and gave her a slight shake of my head to communicate that I thought that Sara was missing something. Leslie gave me a slight nod back.

Monday was another warm and glorious day. Sara asked me into the conference room and then summoned Gwen. Gwen walked in wearing a tight, sleeveless white t-shirt, nothing else except for a pair of high heels. Gwen had a nice chest. The combination of her breasts covered by a tight shirt and her bare lower body was very sexy. I also noticed that the tan lines around Gwen's pubes seemed to be fading. Standing there, Gwen seemed to me to be perfectly comfortable, if not happy.

Sara announced, "Gwen, I hope that you appreciate that copying the video and making it available to your friends without our permission was a very serious violation of the trust we placed in you. You are going to have to work hard to rebuild that trust. However, I think that your punishment has gone on long enough. You can out the rest of your clothes on."

Gwen stood silent for a moment as though she was thinking something over. She straightened slightly, as if she'd made a decision, and said, "Sara, with your permission, I'd like to keep on working bottomless."

"Really," Sara said. "Why?"

"When you first told me to work bottomless, I was mortified. I couldn't imagine being seen with my ass and pussy exposed. It happened when Mr. Stells came in and it seemed kind of nice. I thought that wasn't right. But, as the UPS and FedEx guys came in every day and saw me, I realized that I really was enjoying it. I also realized that having a top on draws attention to my bare lower body. Driving home Friday night, I stopped and got gas. Rather than using my credit card, I went inside to pay wearing only my top. Several people saw me. When I got back into my car, I was wet. Saturday, I went out to the quarry by myself and sunbathed naked. I got up, walked around, talked to strangers. I was completely naked the whole time. I loved it, but it seems sexier being half naked."

Sara looked at me. I smiled broadly. "Gwen, since Sara and I work completely nude, I don't think that we can deny you the privilege of working half nude."

Gwen looked at me with a smile. "Do I look good half nude?"

"Yes, you do."

I looked over at Sara. Sara was now smiling. Wordlessly, Gwen walked over to Sara. They embraced. Then each lady but her hands on the other's bare ass and they hugged tightly.

I left Sara and Gwen to bond in the conference room. Back at my desk, I checked my e-mail out of habit. I was surprised, and concerned, to see a recent e-mail from Megan with an attached file. Megan's text was very simple: "This isn't unethical either and it seems fair." I opened the attached file. It was a full frontal nude of Megan. She looked very good.



