Locked Myself Out - Nude
by ivysonline

Self-made naked dilemma.

It was during the long days of midsummer that I discovered my lust for streaking. Not necessarily running, but just wandering around the neighbourhood buck-naked and barefoot in the quietest hours of night.

It started when my boyfriend was away working for another three week stretch, and being unemployed, I had too much time on my hands. The apartment was really warm, even after sunset, and it took hours before it cooled off enough to sleep.

It was too hot in the apartment for yoga, so I found myself doing stretches on the balcony under the moon and stars. I'd had a few glasses of wine and a fat joint, and feeling fine, I peeled off my sundress to be naked under the dark sky. I wondered if anyone could see me there in the gloom. It felt amazing and a little bold!

The next night I had way too much wine then took my yoga mat over to the big grassy park a block and a half from our building. We lived in a fairly quiet neighbourhood and I wasn't worried at all about being out alone. Besides, it was after three in the morning and a week night.

I set my mat down in the mottled darkness under a giant poplar tree, and began my routine.. so chill. After twenty minutes or so, I realized that I'd only seen one car go by the whole time. I suddenly had an irresistible urge to take off my clothes.

I like making tricky little scenarios for myself, so I put my apartment key under a rock at the far edge of the park. I was going to ditch my clothes at home, and would have to return to the park naked in order to retrieve the key to get back inside. Even so, I would have do it drunk and naked, up past two floors of neighbors in a brightly lit staircase with huge windows facing the street

I ran barefoot back to my building, then stripped off behind a bush and rolled everything up tight inside my yoga mat. I intended to toss it up onto my balcony and out of reach. Now I was feeling fear and excitement at the potential point of no return! Do I really go through with it? I dared myself to at least attempt a test-throw. Besides, I reasoned that the first try would surely miss and I could still change my mind afterwards.

So, despite the self-induced terror, I wound my arm back and hurled the bundle skyward. It sailed upwards in a beautiful arc, landing with a plop on my balcony, far out of reach. I loudly gasped "Oh no!", while holding my face.

And now I was a victim of my own conniving. I was mad at myself but strangely satisfied too, and suddenly had no choice but to go all the way to the far edge of the park for my key and get back home again... in the nude! My heart was pounding, but the warm evening air did feel fantastic on my bare skin.

It was quiet in the neighborhood, but not silent. I could hear cars once in a while that sounded like they were the next block over. And I saw a dog walker ambling away from me down a side street. In a moment of sudden panic I bolted out of the shadows and ran to the park..

I was breathless and super nervous, but luxuriated in the scary thrill of being away from home, naked in the cool night air. I hugged a few trees, sat bare-assed on a park bench (one that I could actually see from my balcony, way down the street), did a few wobbly cartwheels in the cool grass, then laid on my back gazing at the spinning stars, masturbated, and passed out.

I snapped to when a robin landed on my toes, pinching me awake. Holy fucking fuck I must have slept for hours! I was pretty much sober now, but still naked of course. I was more than a block and a half from home, the sun had recently come up, and I was quite terrified!

I reflexively hunched myself up and looked around. It was still pretty quiet out, maybe 6 am, but there was dog barking somewhere in the direction of home and I could hear the sounds of light traffic in the neighborhood. Someone came firing down the path on a bike but amazingly seemed to not notice me huddled down naked beside a bench. I wished that I still had the wine-induced courage from before, but regardless, I had to get moving!

So move I did! I crept from tree to bush to tree until I made it to the far edge of the park. A car came around the corner so I ducked behind a little fence, hugging my knees. Once it had passed I ran across the vast, open lawn to where I had hidden my key and grabbed it. After ducking from another cyclist I scurried across the street and crept along the sidewalk, hiding behind cars and bushes as I went.

Five or six cars drove right by me on the short walk home, and I had to hide from each one until it was gone! My two minute trip last night was taking close to fifteen minutes this time! It seemed like forever! I was trembling with fear and starting to perspire in the cool morning air.

Finally I arrived across the street from my apartment and crouched beside a bus stop. I could see a few lights on in the building- so some of my neighbors were already getting up! With no time to waste I stood up and began nervously walking over, totally exposed. Just then the old lady from downstairs came out the front door with her two poodles, so I had to drop down beside the only parked car on that side of the street, leaving me cowering naked, basically in the middle of the road!!

I could see traffic going by at either end of the street and really hoped that no one would turn down where I was. I peeked over the hood and saw her fussing with the dogs, with tangled up leashes and poop bags. It took an eternity and my heart was racing!!

I caught a look at myself in the glossy reflection of the paint and saw a buck naked woman covered in goose-bumps, with crazy hair and flush cheeks. I noticed my nipples in the reflection too- they were sticking straight out. I even saw a droplet glistening with morning sunlight between my legs and suddenly realized how turned on I was!

I was ready to just give up and stroll over to the door when she finally got organized and headed down the sidewalk with her pups. A loud wolf-whistle came from behind me down the street and I knew someone had seen me! But I didn't look back and just bolted to the door, up the stairs and into my apartment. I collapsed panting and sweating on my sofa and masturbated for at least an hour.

I showered but stayed naked until late afternoon, just to keep the whole experience feeling 'fresh'. But that previous night had lit a real fire in me, and I knew that more naked adventures were definitely in my future.
