Title: Held Together with Mom




Summary: With his cock buried deep inside his mother’s pussy. 




Keywords:inc,fic,erotic,hot,sex







Oxford University. A place of prestige and higher education. 

It was also where my mother had been teaching for the past few years. I've been to England a few times, but never to that campus, until she finally convinced me to come visit her there. It was my break from college, so I had the time. 

She was eager to give me a grand tour of the university and show me all of the historical buildings. Sure, I was definitely interested. But I also wanted to see what kind of hot European women they had on campus too.

Once I got there I could easily see why mom was never really interested in coming back to America. Because in America, she was just another woman with a fancy degree and excess knowledge. But on the Oxford campus, she was quite the Renaissance Woman. 

She did it all. She taught courses on European and Greek history, she helped with new student orientation, she gave tours, and she did various things with art. An intellectual Wonder Woman, she was.

The campus was extraordinary. It was filled with history and stunning design. It was like a museum unto itself. 

Oh, and the best part of the tour, as it would later turn out, was when she took me to meet her mentor, an Italian woman named Giavanna. She was a senior lecturer and was a highly accomplished and respected member of the facility. 

We had a brief introduction and she couldn't have been nicer. What made her special was her passion for history and her powerful intellect. I could see why mom was so fond of this lady.

***

Things became interesting in mom's apartment later that evening. She seemed elated after checking her phone and seeing a message from Giavanna.

"Interesting news," she said with the phone in her hand. "And I don't know how you'll take it."

Mom approached me while I was relaxing on her couch, enjoying the beautiful view she had of the city. She sat down next to me with her eyes still on the phone.

"What is it?"

She put the phone down and smiled at me. "Giavanna is a highly accomplished artist, as I've told you. Everything she paints is just gold. I mean, gosh, I can't put it into words. That woman is a goddess."

It was obvious that mom was at a loss for words over her admiration for Giavanna. As an art lover, mom was often left speechless over paintings and sculptures that were magnificent in her eyes.

Mom continued, "Anyway, after meeting us today, she was convinced that we'd be perfect for her next masterpiece."

"Hold on a minute," I interjected. "She wants me too? As in, I'd have to be part of the art."

"Yes, isn't it exciting?"

"Well, not really. I mean, art isn't my thing. I'd be fine if she wants to take a picture of us. She can do whatever she wants with that."

Mom flashed a no-nonsense look. "Whatever Giavanna wants, Giavanna gets. The woman is a unique talent in this world. Plus I owe her so much for everything she's done for me. She recommended that Oxford give me a full time position after I had only been teaching there for two semesters."

There was no quit in my mother. Whenever she had her sights on something, she'd find a way to make it happen. That's an attractive quality about her. It's also the reason why she could do whatever she wanted in life. She was fearless.

"What do I have to do?" I sighed.

A radiant smile beamed on mom's face. "Here, let me show you the message from Giavanna."

Mom held the phone out so I could read the email:

Helen,

It was so nice meeting your son today. He seems to be a charming fellow. I think you two have wonderful chemistry together. I would love to capture it if possible.

Would you two be interested?

The two of you seem to have a natural spark. I cannot begin to explain it. When I saw you together, I realized that the two of you be perfect for my rendition of Bernini's Pluto and Proserpina.

I've been interested in making a new version of that for years, but I could never find the right models for it. After meeting Stuart, I realized that I need both of you! A mother/son relationship would certainly add an interesting twist to this rendition, wouldn't you say?

If interested, I'll be free in my usual lecture hall at 3 pm. It will only take an hour for me to paint your bodies and expressions onto the canvas. This version will be raw and made to my usual taste. Then you two are free to leave. 

Love

Gia

When I finished reading the message, mom took her phone back.

"It's a famous sculpture," mom explained. "If Giavanna wants us to pose for her painting version of it, then we can't refuse. It's a big honor."

"Fine. But I have to warn you, I've never posed for anything before. I don't know if I can hold still for an hour. There could be a slight chance that I might ruin her work by moving too much."

"Don't be a wuss," she joked. "Believe me, time passes by easier than you think. Posing is easy."

"So you've done this before?"

"Several times with Giavanna. We paint or sculpt each other when we have spurts of inspiration."

"That's interesting," I said. 

"Why? Don't you think that I have the body for that kind of art?"

There was a proud look on her face as she kind of misinterpreted my question. Did she really just say that?

"You've posed nude before?" I had to ask. 

She shrugged off my lewd question. "Art is art. The human body is one of the highest forms of art there is."

"Okay, you've definitely spent too much time around the academic elite. You're starting to sound like a snob."

She sneered and I laughed. 

"It's what I love," she said. "Being part of Giavanna's collection is going to be a wonderful experience. Frankly, I'm glad she wanted you for something. You'll get to experience one of my favorite hobbies."

"Sitting around for an hour without moving?" I quipped. 

"You'll see tomorrow. I've really learned a lot from her this past year. We've taken turns painting each other and she's given me a lot of tips."

I just had to ask. "Nude?"

"Of course. Is there a better way?"

Suddenly, my mind rushed with lewd thoughts of them naked together. Two mature beauties, standing around bare as they took turns painting each other. 

How truly European. 

Mom sensed my thoughts and added, "It's actually quite liberating. You should try it sometime. Without me there, of course."

"Mom," I said, shaking my head. "I'm a guy. It's different."

"What's that supposed to mean? That you'll get an erection if you posed for a woman?"

"Basically, yes."

"There are plenty of male models," she pointed out. "None of them have issues with their penises while posing."

"That's because they're professionals."

"Enough talk about penises for today. There'll be plenty of that for tomorrow."

"Huh?"

Mom waved her hand. "Oh, relax. You won't be getting naked. But the pose that Giavanna wants to make is based on a nude art. Knowing her, she'll carefully describe all the nude parts of the original."

"The Pluto something-something?"

"That's the one. And it's called Pluto and Proserpina, by Bernini. You should look it up later. It's a beautiful piece of work. I've always been fascinated by how Bernini managed to make the marble look exactly like her flesh."

Later that night, I took mom's advice and checked out that sculpture on the internet. We'll be posing for that? I thought. Clearly it was going to be an interesting process if we had to pose like that. Neither of us realized how life changing it would actually become.

***

The next day. I walked to campus and met with my mother after she finished teaching a class. We made some small talk and she gave me a few pointers on how to be a good model. I wasn't thrilled about doing this, but it did sound like it would be a fun experience. 

When the time came, we went to the long lecture hall. Giavanna chose that space because it had these massive windows which would provide natural sunlight for the art.

We waited around while Giavanna meticulously prepared the posing area, her canvas, and her painting supplies. Then she quickly had us strike a few mock poses while she gazed at us intensely, figuring out the perfect position.

"Okay, I know what I want," Giavanna said with her thick and luscious Italian accent. "Now become bare. Everything off."

I turned to my mother so fast that I nearly had whiplash. Mom's facial expression was obviously that of shock. She was caught totally off guard by this.

"Nude?" mom asked. "I assumed we'd be clothed for this, since I'm with my son this time."

"Wasn't I clear in the email?" Giavanna asked. "I sincerely apologize for any confusion."

For the next few minutes, I stood there awkwardly as they went back and forth, apologizing over the confusion. Mom continuously apologized for misunderstanding the email. Giavanna apologized if her email was vague.

One thing I found noteworthy was that Giavanna never apologized for asking a mother & son to pose nude together. This was Europe alright. And she was as liberal as it got when it came to free expression and body parts. 

A break in the awkwardness came when Giavanna's phone beeped. She checked her phone and sighed.

"I have to make an important call," Giavanna said. "This will be a few minutes. In the meantime, make your decision. It must be nude. If not, then I understand, and this session will come to an end."

She excused herself to talk outside the lecture hall, and mom and I were to make an important decision. Mom looked at me with a light expression and I already knew what her answer was.

"Just something to consider," mom said. "Giavanna's artwork is a big seller across England and Europe. She only makes art when she's truly inspired. And now, she has a creative burst with us."

I shrugged. "Lucky us."

"That's not all. When her work sells, it's typical for her to make thousands of dollars in profits, which she gives entirely to charity. Got that? She doesn't make a penny from this. She lives entirely off her teaching salary. To date, she's given over $100,000 US dollars to charity."

Now mom was just laying a guilt trip on me. If I refused, who knows which charity would lose out on an influx of cash.

"Are you serious?" I asked rhetorically. "I mean, really? You want us to get naked and recreate that Pluto and Perspoli sculpture pose by Bertonini?"

Mom gave a look of sympathy. "It's called Pluto and Proserpina by Bernini. And yes, I'm serious. We've already come this far. The last thing I want is to disappoint Giavanna, especially when she's so excited to work with us. Come to think of it, I have never seen her so excited before."

"Really? Her face is made of stone."

"That's how she looks when she's in her groove. She thinks hard and intensely before she crafts."

I sighed, "Mom, charity is great, and I'm glad she's a generous person. But we'll, you know, see each other naked. Doesn't that bother you?"

"You know my stance on nudity. I've explained it last night."

"Yeah, but it's me this time!"

There was a look in mom's eyes as she was silent for a moment. She was figuring out how to reposition her argument to persuade me. That's when I knew that this was inevitable; when mom wanted something, she always figured out a way to get it.

"Boobs," she said flippantly. "I have a great pair of them. Whenever I've modeled nude this past year, I can tell that even the most experienced artists can't stop staring at my tits. And I have a great ass too."

"Jeez..."

"If we do this together, then you can stare at them all you want. It's a one time offer. Take it or leave it."

What an offer it was.

I countered, "What makes you think I'm interested in that?"

"Mom or not, men like tits. You get a free viewing of my naked body. And believe me, I've studied enough literature to realize that men sometimes lust after their mothers. You might be one of them."

"Really!? Jeez. You're really suggesting that about me?"

She gave a sharp expression. "You may, or may not, have had incestuous fantasies about me, at any point in your life. Honestly I don't mind. All I'm saying is that you can get a free viewing of my tits. I don't mind if you stare. The end result is that we'll have made great art that'll last forever. And lots of money goes to charity."

There was no way out. I was boxed in.

"Fine," I said in defeat. "But NOT because I'm some incestuous pervert. It's for charity."

"When was the last time you gave to charity?" she playfully questioned.

"I do. You just don't see it."

She smiled, "Whatever the reason, thank you. I'm glad you're agreeing. It'll be lots of fun, you'll see."

The door opened and Giavanna returned, locking the door behind her so that no one could enter and disturb us.

"Sorry about that," Giavanna said, approaching us. "Have you made your decision?"

"We have," mom smiled. "We'll do it."

There was a pleased look on Giavanna's face, then she explained what she wanted out of this. She had spent the night thinking of the specific aspects she wanted. She was certain this would work best as a more erotic piece, something I wished she would have told us earlier. 

Finally, she told us to strip. Quickly. Time was of the essence and there was none to waste. 

Mom flashed an apologetic look to me. "Being naked is totally harmless. The beginning is the hardest part. Then it's smooth sailing afterwards."

That's when we did it. We had already anticipated that we'd be undressing to some extent, so we had already dressed light. As we undressed, the awkward part was what to do with our eyes. Should we look? Should we look later? When should we look? Because eventually we'd be seeing each other naked for the very first time, and it could never be unseen. The effects would be permanent.

Naturally, I was the first to get down to my underwear, since I wore less clothes than my mother. With nothing else to do, I took a glance at my mother, who was barefoot and almost down to her bra and panties. Like most women her age, she was slightly thin in some areas, and plump in other spots. She had the body of a mature woman who aged gracefully. And that turned me on.

When mom was fully down to bra and panties, with nothing else, she took a glance at me, noticing that I was gawking at her, then she instinctively covered up with her hands. I felt embarrassed and looked away, then she put her hands down, trying to relax.

"Let's get this over with, shall we?" she asked rhetorically. "We're going to see each other naked anyway. Might as well make it swift."

I tried not to look directly at her. Through the corner of my eye, I saw her reach back to unclasp her bra. She bent down and pulled her panties away.

When I looked at her directly, she was facing me, standing upright, proud of her naked figure. God, what a sight. What a beautiful sight. A vision of mature beauty. Her breasts were small and slightly sagged. Those large brown nipples were rock hard, and I wondered if they were hard from exposure to air, or from exhibitionism. Her pubic hairs were neatly trimmed too.

There wasn't a single tan line on her body, and I wondered if she went sunbathing regularly. She must have, because her skin looked slightly more tan than when she was back in America. 

"Your turn," she said in a matter-of-fact manner.

So I pulled my underwear down and exposed myself to the ladies in the room. It felt bizarre, but if my mom could do it, so could I. My biggest fear was that I'd somehow become erect. But what are the odds of that happening with my mother here? I thought.

Giavanna looked indifferent as we both stood there naked. Nudity was nothing to her. She must have seen hundreds, maybe even thousands, of naked bodies throughout her life.

If things weren't awkward enough, things became weirder when Giavanna approached us and pulled us closer together, as if a mother/son duo being naked together was nothing to be ashamed of. 

Even more striking, she pulled us together, skin-to-skin. Yes, thanks to Giavanna's carefree attitude about nudity, I was now touching my mother's bare skin. We saw each other's naked parts in close detail. My eyes quickly took in her naked body; seeing her skin up close, seeing the shape of her breast, and looking at her hard nipples in detail.

Then our eyes made contact. It was hard to tell what mom was thinking. But she looked conflicted as our bare bodies touched for this artwork. Truthfully, I didn't know what to think myself. Who would?

Giavanna stepped back and made a 'hmmm...' sound as she looked at us. She was in a state of deep thought over the pose.

"Something's missing," Giavanna said with a dead serious tone and sharp eyes. "We need more sexuality. Always more sexuality. I need cum. Helen, I need you to cum. Stuart, make your mother cum."

"Is that really necessary?" my mother asked, completely flabbergasted.

"This will be my masterpiece. I always like to see passion between both models to set the mood. Nothing we haven't done before."

My mother kind of blushed at that comment. Had these two ladies orgasmed before, during, or after their art sessions together? Now wasn't the time to ask.

Then mom gave me another apologetic look. "Well, mister, I'm sure a stud like you has had plenty of hot coeds in college. You know what to do."

I was shocked by my mother's words, and the ease in which she said it. Looking in her eyes, she seemed open to it.

"Huh? Are you sure?"

She nodded. "Reach below and touch me. I'll tell you how I like to be touched. It shouldn't take long."

Further talk was useless. I could tell by looking at her eyes that she wanted me to do this. Plus she was breathing heavier. It was a surefire way to tell that she was aroused.

I reached below and brushed my fingers past mom's trimmed pubic hairs. I fully expected her to slap me, but that never came. Instead, she gasped and her body tensed. Oh, she was definitely enjoying this. Her body had more reactions when I touched her labia and rubbed around her clitoris. Her pussy felt hot and I could feel trickles of fluid on my fingertips when I touched her labia again. She was dripping.

"Rub my clitoris in circles," she said. "Two fingers. That should make me cum. Press hard and do it fast. That's how I like it."

Way too much information for any son. And I could tell that she was slightly embarrassed for revealing such information. But, the show must go on. This had to be done. She had to cum before we could start.

I followed mom's instructions and pressed two fingers hard against her clitoris. She had an instant reaction to this. Her body tensed even harder and her mouth opened so she could breathe more air. When I rubbed her pussy, she started to squirm. God, how unbelievable. I was making mom so very aroused. She was being pushed to the brink. With every rub, she was a step closer to reaching an orgasm, by my very fingers!

Most surprising of all, mom didn't seem to mind one bit. She simply accepted the fact that her son was going to make her cum. All this time spent around liberal artists had really changed her. For the better? For the worse? Who knows. The fact was, she was enjoying this.

Then, right on schedule, mom came. Her body tensed hard and her eyes widened. Her mouth sucked in a deep breath as she stiffened. Several seconds later, her body relaxed and I felt my fingers become wet as I reached lower. Even though she didn't ask, I brought my finger lower and felt her outer pussy; it felt so wet and inviting.

"Perfect," Giavanna said. "Now you're prepped. So is Stuart, I can see."

Mom looked down and saw that my cock was rock hard. She glanced up at me with a smile, and I simply blushed. But hey, who was she to judge? She was the one who just had an orgasm from my fingers.

Giavanna then brought a small stool for me to sit on. The wooden surface was solid and uncomfortable. It was about to become a lot more uncomfortable with the next instruction.

"The original rendition of this artwork is about sex," Giavanna said. "But the sex is never shown. Just the force of what was to come. For my version of this, I will show the sex. Stuart, I will need that magnificent cock of yours. It must go inside your mother. Helen, please sit on it."

Mom's head turned in a flash and she looked at me. Once again she flashed an apologetic look. But this time, her reaction was even stronger. There was also something there. Maybe it was a post-orgasm feeling of liberation on her mind. Or maybe it was her passion for natural art.

Whatever it was, I knew mom was interested in continuing this endeavor. For whatever reason, she wasn't going to put up a fight. Living in Europe for over a year had really changed her.

"It'll be harmless," she said softly to me. "We're already naked. You've already touched my vagina. And you've already made me cum. The rest should be easy, and honestly, it might even be a little pleasurable too, if you ignore the fact that I'm your mother."

"You think the last part bothers me?" I blurted out.

Her eyes sharpened. "It doesn't?"

Now suddenly it felt like I was the one facing the pressure. What a role reversal of the situation.

I shook my head. "Forget I said that. Do you really want to do this? I mean, do you?"

That was when mom reached forward and wrapped her hand around my stiff cock. It was a light, soft touch. Her fingers were slender and delicate, so it felt nice, and it made me stiffen even further.

"It doesn't bother me that you're my son," she said, softly caressing her thin fingers across my shaft. "If anything, that'll elicit more passion from us."

"You think so?"

"Of course. It's insanely taboo. Think of the emotions we'll generate from this. The final product should be amazing."

"She's right," Giavanna asserted. "I've dealt with family scenarios before, and it's always been my best work. This is shaping up to become my masterpiece. You two have a special chemistry. I can tell."

"I'm open to it," my mother said with a sense of finality. "It's up to you."

Now came the tricky part. I wanted to express my agreement to these two women, but I didn't want to look like a pervert in the process. I needed to blend right in with their line of thinking.

"I'd be comfortable with it," I said. "Anything for great artwork and charity, right?"

The women expressed their pleasure that this would proceed and Giavanna happily moved us closer into position.

Giavanna added. "Obviously a man cannot maintain a strong erection for a prolonged period of time. So all I ask is 10 minutes of maintaining this hardened erectile state. I will paint your body poses and facial expressions as quickly as possible. Then I will add to the rest of the painting later. Would this be possible?"

I nodded. "Sure, I can do that."

Once again, Giavanna expressed her pleasure that this would proceed, and that's when things went to a whole new level.

While I was sitting on the stool, mom was directed to open her legs so she could sit on my cock. She lifted a foot and I saw her pussy clearly. It was so pink and raw. So wet and delicious looking. When she spread herself further and lifted her leg to hover over me, I saw her pussy wide open. It was glistening and there were still fluids from her orgasm. I had to wonder if my cock going inside her actually made mom more aroused.

Giavanna held my cock upright. She had the hands of an experienced artist. Rough from years of manual work with her hands. Yet also very feminine at the same time.

I tensed hard the moment my mother's pussy seemingly devoured my cock. She lowered herself onto me in a gradual pace. It felt exactly how I expected. Warm. Wet. Inviting. Sure, it hurt sitting on the stool with my mom's weight on me, but the feeling in my cock was pure bliss.

"You're doing great," she whispered to me.

Then she lowered herself until I was mostly inside her. Giavanna told mom to stop and hold that position, with my cock only three-quarters of the way inside of her. Giavanna wanted to paint some of my cock as well, so we were stuck in this uncomfortable and awkward position. 

Based on Giavanna's further instructions, mom had to turn her face away from me, and use her left hand to push against my face. Just like Bernini's original sculpture.

Giavanna smiled. "Perfect! Hold still. Don't move your bodies or facial expressions. I will make this as quick as possible."

With the satisfactory pose, Giavanna rushed to her stool, grabbed her palette and brush, and went to work. Her eyes shifted between my naked mother and myself, then onto her canvas which she painted. She went fast. Her eyes continuously went back and forth. Her paintbrush skills seemed quick and efficient. Her eyes looked razor sharp when looking at us, as if to stare into our souls. What a skilled woman she was.

Meanwhile, I couldn't keep my eyes away from my mother's naked body. I had a good excuse too. Giavanna instructed me not to move. And Giavanna told mom not to look at me, to face away from me. That meant I could stare at mom's tits for as long as this lasted.

Those tits looked beautiful too. Perfectly curved and shaped. I've always had a thing for mature women, and mom's tits reflected the beauty of her age, with that slight sag and roundness on the bottom. I even noticed the small sun spots around her chest, which was something that most mature women had. And those nipples. God, those brown nipples looked forever hard. I was amazed that they remained so stiff. How I wanted to lean forward and suck on them.

I've seen enough porn and been with enough women to know what an aroused woman's nipples looked like. And I was convinced that mom was aroused to some degree. I wondered what was making her so excited. The exhibitionism? The fact that a cock was inside her? Or was it that her son was surely admiring her beauty, while his cock was in her?

And that was the other thing. While her pussy had consumed my cock, I felt her warmth and wetness. I could swear that mom had gotten even wetter since we started. I could practically feel mom's juice forming drops, reading to drip down my cock.

Oh yes, mom was definitely aroused.

For the next few minutes, I listened to the sound of Giavanna painting away on the canvas, while also staring at mom's face, noting how attractive she really was. And of course, marveling at how those brown nipples managed to stay erect for so long.

Then, my own mortality came crashing down. Holding an erection still for 10 minutes was more than I could chew. After all, there was nothing rubbing, stroking, or sucking my cock. Mom's pussy had to remain completely still.

"My penis is getting soft," I embarrassingly admitted. 

"Can you get it hard again if you rubbed it?" mom asked, still maintaining her same pose.

"Sure, I think so. Hang on."

"No," Giavanna quickly said. "Helen, you do it. Reach down and massage Stuart's penis with your free arm. I feel there will be stronger emotional conflict on your face if you were holding your son's penis."

Mom didn't reply. But I heard her gulp loudly.

While maintaining her pose, she used her free hand to reach below and searched for my softening cock. When she found it, she squeezed hard. It wasn't the same loving, caressing touch as before. No, before was an innocent touch. This was something else. This was meant to get my cock to throb again.

I immediately realized what a sexual goddess mom could be. Her hand was still on my face, pushing me away. Her face remained turned away from me.

Yet, those amazing brown nipples of hers always remained hard. And her free hand was essentially jerking me off, getting me hard for her pussy. It worked, too. She stroked my shaft in a rough but soothing way. The tips of her fingers occasionally traced along my cock, as if to tease me. She even fondled my balls. What a woman.

The result was that I was rock hard again. Swollen inside my mother's pussy. I could hear mom breathing harder. And I could see that her chest was starting to heave from her breaths. Was playing with my cock making her aroused? I was convinced that it was. Why else would she suddenly be extra excited?

"Perfetto!" Giavanna said in Italian, as she painted quickly. "Straordinario! Just a few extra touches...wait for it...so close...so close...Finito!"

What a relief. Our work was done. Suddenly I relaxed to ease my muscles from holding still for so long.

On the other hand, my mother had a different way of relaxing. She had been holding that uncomfortable pose for so long, that her muscles had ached.

So when mom relaxed, she did so by collapsing onto me. She wrapped her arms around me. I could feel her soft breasts and hard nipples pressing into my skin. It felt so amazing. She rested her chin on my shoulder and breathed a sigh of relief.

Most shocking of all, mom had pressed her entire weight onto me so she could finally relax her legs. That meant that my cock went entirely inside that wet pussy of hers. And she was certainly wet. Her inner sanctum felt hot and I was sure that it was overflowed with her natural juices.

She realized what she had done and leaned back to look me in the eyes.

"Sorry about that," she smiled and blushed. "I've never held such an uncomfortable pose before, and my body is killing me."

I blushed back. "Not a problem."

Giavanna commented on how cute the situation was, that a mother and son were holding each other so intimately, with the son's cock buried deep inside the mother's wet sex.

Then Giavanna's phone rang again. She checked it and clearly it was important.

"I'll be back in a few minutes," Giavanna said. "There will be a class in here soon. Please, get dressed. Thank you so much for the sacrifices. I owe you both a nice dinner. Vi amo entrambi."

Then Giavanna took the call and talked on the phone on her way out. She closed the door behind her and there we were, left naked and alone in the lecture hall.

I fully expected mom to get off me, since after all, my cock was still raging inside her pussy. Instead, she continued sitting on me, looking at me with a loving expression on her face.

"What?" I asked, wondering why she was looking at me like that.

She kissed my cheek. "You're so brave. Really, I'm so proud of you."

"Why?"

Mom clenched her pussy around my cock. "You know why. That took a lot of courage. And I'm glad you kept an open mind."

"It's all for the sake of art. Charity too, I might add."

"Is that so?"

Mom clenched her pussy tighter. It was meant to be teasing expression, but it made my cock ache with pleasure. I was impossibly erect.

I looked at the clock. "Oh shit, I think the next class starts in 20 minutes. Students might be lining up outside this lecture hall soon."

"Right. We better get dressed."

When mom lifted herself and slowly pulled her pussy off my throbbing, rock hard cock, my body jerked.

"What's wrong?" she asked with concern.

"My...you know...it aches. Don't worry, it'll be fine. I'll just have to tuck it carefully inside my underwear and walk slowly. No one will notice. It's no big deal."

She flashed that typical motherly look. "What do you mean it's no big deal? I can't have you walking around campus with a throbbing erection."

Oh yes, it was clear what mom was up to. 

"I think you're right."

She nodded. "How would that make me look? Honestly? If we were walking together and it was obvious that you had an erection in your pants. People would think you're my young lover and that we were off to have sex. Imagine that. Word spreads fast around Oxford. My reputation would be totally ruined. I may even lose my job here."

"We can't have that."

Mom took a deep breath and pressed the palms of her hands onto my shoulders. 

"Hold still," she said. "This will be quick."

There was a look of total concentration on her face. Then she slowly sat down on my cock again until I was all the way inside of her pussy. This time, she felt even warmer and wetter. Mom was definitely enjoying this.

She rocked her hips back and forth. Slow at first. Then picking up speed. This had nothing to do with art. Nothing to do with expression.

It had everything to do with lust and taking care of my erection. As our eyes were locked, I wondered what was going through her mind. Had she always wanted to fuck her son, or was this a newfound thrill? Or was this solely for thanking me for participating in the art process?

Maybe I'd never know. But I knew that mom was totally fucking aroused. She was breathing heavily and her eyes looked wild with lust and passion. Her hips rocked so fast that her breasts had begun to shake. Ah, those huge nipples of hers. I finally had permission to touch them, or worse...

I bent forward and sucked her large brown nipple. Feeling its stiffness in my mouth. Instead of slapping me, which she should have, mom simply rubbed the back of my head.

"Enjoy it while you can, mister," she moaned. "This is purely for necessity purposes."

I briefly spit her nipple out. "Of course it is. Oh fuck, I'm close."

Mom clenched her pussy tight and rocked her hips in a fast, sensual motion. For such an educated and respectable woman, she really knew how to work her pussy. She was a sex goddess that could rival any Greek or Roman mythological figure. I was certain of that.

I came inside her, shooting spurt after spurt of cum inside mom's pussy. She could sense it too, and showed it by rubbing my skin and letting me know that it was okay. She held me tight against her breast as I came. I could feel her heart beating. Her skin was becoming moist with sweat. She finished me off and drained the rest of my cum by keeping her pussy clenched and her gyration in a slow, controlled manner.

"Oh yes," she groaned. "I've always loved the feeling of a man cumming inside my sex. I just never thought it would be with my own son. What a feeling. And you know what? I kind of like it."

After I finished making a mess of mom's pussy, I looked up at her to see if she really meant it. There was a smile on her face and a naughty gleam in her eyes. Yes, she meant it. She loved the feeling of her own son cumming inside her pussy.

When we stopped fucking, we finally realized that Giavanna had been standing there, watching me cum inside my mother.

"Bellissimo," Giavanna said with excitement. "I'm so glad I was able to witness the final act. Such a beautiful expression of love."

Mom looked so embarrassed that we had been caught. Then that embarrassment faded as Giavanna expressed more pleasure from watching us have sex.

Time was now of the essence. Giavanna put her things away and mom and I got dressed. It was hot seeing mom climb off me. Fluids dripped from her pussy. Both my cum and hers. None of it dripped to the floor though. It went down her legs. Then she went to her purse for a tissue and wiped herself clean, hiding the incriminating tissue back inside her purse. 

I watched her get dressed as I got dressed at the same time. It may have been the last time I'd ever get to see her naked, so I wanted to take it all in.

When we were done, Giavanna unlocked the door and students started trickling in, having no idea that a mother and son just had an intense fuck session in their historic classroom.

Mom gave her hair a toss and made sure her outfit was on properly. 

"You look great," I said.

She smiled and whispered, "You've just seen me naked, and we've just had sex. You'll always think I look great."

As usual, mom was right. She winked at me and we headed to the door. A few of the students coming into the classroom were also students of my mother. They said 'hi' to mom, and mom said 'hi' back. I waited by the side as mom made small talk with them. Mom was in a great mood after everything we had just done.

While mom finished chatting with her students, who had questions about an upcoming assignment, I noticed that mom suddenly clenched her legs as she politely finished chatting with them. I knew what it was. So did mom.

Cum was dripping from her pussy and was making a mess of her panties. When she finished talking to her students, mom proudly walked to the door, cum flowing and all.

The End




For pics visit:---->>>https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI 
