The glint in Angie's eyes, Part Two

"Hey," Sara panted as she looked back and forth at our grinning faces, "Why'd you guys stop? I was so close. God, I need to cum!"

"Turn around, Sara," I told her as Angie and I gently turned her so she was facing out toward the lake. "Place your hands on the railing and lean against it. That's it; feel the cold steel against your mound through your dress?"

"Yes," she hissed, "I'm so turned on I could climb up on it and hump it until I cum. Why am I doing this?"

"You'll see. Just close your eyes and let the sensations carry you along, Okay?"

She nodded as she leaned her head back and closed her eyes. Angie reached down and slowly began to pull the hem of Sara's dress up the front of her long sexy legs as I reached up to the zipper that ran down the back of her dress clear to the hem. I slowly started inching it down as she panted and moaned, once again getting hot from the anticipation of what was coming next.

Angie slid her hand under Sara's dress then and began to tease her as she ran her nails around in little circles on the panting girl's thighs. Slowly she inched upward as I pulled down the zipper until it reached the crack in Sara's firm rear end. She shuddered and gasped, "Oh, God, You guys, you aren't planning on stripping me naked out here, are you? Boats come by here all the time and they will see me."

The back of her dress was now open enough to see she wasn't wearing a bra, which we had already figured out from the little mountains in the material that we observed before when she was sitting talking to us and getting turned on by Angie's sexy tale of attacking me. I stepped over behind her and leaned forward and ran my hands around in front of her through the opening in the dress. I worked my way very slowly around her rib cage as she panted, "Oh, God, I'm soo hot, Please don't torture me any more."

Angie reached over with her free hand and tugged on the zipper on my own dress as I leaned against Sara's smooth back while I encircled her waist and slowly ran my nails up over her swollen breasts and then back down over her trembling stomach muscles. When I felt the material release my breasts I knew I could shrug it off my shoulders and Angie helped me until I felt the cool evening air on my stiffening nipples. I gasped and shoved my breasts hard against Sara's back and she moaned as my hard nipples ran back and forth over her hot skin while my fingers finally reached their goal and slid up on her elongated stiff nipples under her dress front

I looked over at Ang and she winked as she reached between us and ran Sara's zipper lower until her sexy rear end was completely exposed and I leaned forward again and pressed my mound hard against her buns and started moving my hips sideways and back rubbing my swollen cunt lips over her muscled cheeks through the silk of my dress. Sara's was now almost all the way open in back and was hanging from the straps over her shoulders as I felt Angie tug my own zipper down until I could wiggle my hips and let mine slide to the balcony floor.

I looked around to check if any boats were coming down the lake front and the coast was still clear for a long way up and down from the club. I was now standing naked behind Sara, and she was almost beside herself in agony, she wanted release so bad. I reached up and very slowly slid her dress off her shoulders and I felt her gasp and a shiver ran up her back under my taut breasts as it slid to the floor leaving her as naked as me and holding on to the railing as she shuddered and gasped for air. She was almost to cum as Angie slipped one finger between her swollen folds. That was the last straw and she gasped loudly, "Unh. Oh God.Unh.oh God. Unh,ohmigooood!" with each jolt as she jerked against me and contractions hit her tight stomach in waves as the orgasm ripped her up and down and I held her tight from the back while yanking hard on her nipples which added pain to her pleasure making an explosive combination for Sara's overloaded nerves.

Angie grinned at me as I ran my hands up and down Sara's sweaty front as she slowly came back from the deep orgasm, and shook against the railing as she gasped for air.

"Oh, my, God," she gasped out, "That was awesome!" I never felt anything that strong before. Wow!"

I turned her around and she looked me up and down and ran her fingers over my swollen breasts which hardly moved since they were so hard they were almost to burst. The cool air sent shivers up my spine as Angie slid over behind me and cupped my breasts and gently caressed my stiff nipples as Sara, stared with her mouth half open gasping as I ran my nails down over her sweaty stomach leaving red trails on her white skin. When I touched her clit she jerked and moaned and once again clutched the railing for support behind her back.

I felt my little lover's fingers slide inside me as mine slid into Sara's wet opening. Then Angie's teeth started nibbling on my neck and ears and then she blew in my ear which drives me nuts. I felt her teeth nip my earlobe and then her tongue went into my ear and she started sucking and I knew I was going to cum any second. But this one was for Sara, so Angie pulled her fingers out of my vagina and then slid over beside her and reached up to fondle her breasts and nipples while I probed deeper looking for the nerve bundle I knew was there someplace.

Sara thrashed around on the railing with her head back and eyes closed while she grunted and moaned from my finger fucking her hot cunt. I felt what I was searching for and Sara shrieked and stiffened as she went over the top and another huge orgasm came roaring in to torment her already heaving body. She bent over and then jerked back up violently over and over until I thought she might have a seizure. But she managed to come out of it shaking and almost sliding to the floor as she held onto the railing for dear life and wheezed as she tried to catch her breath like she had been punched in the stomach.

She kept panting over and over, " ohmigod, ohmigod, ohmigod," as she finally started to breath again holding her hand to her chest and shuddering from the little after shocks until she finally calmed down enough to say," Wow!" And then she started giggling like crazy until she was almost in tears as her body finally relaxed. We had seen people cum hard before, but as I said before on the boat to Angie, this girl takes the prize hands down. If I ever came like that I would probably never come out of it because of my nerves, but she was a site to behold, for sure. She was so beautiful in the throes of her orgasm. I couldn't imagine how Jason would ever let her get away.

We had been on the balcony a long time so we decided to head home to continue our little party. I got dressed as Angie helped Sara, who was still trembling and panting, by zipping up her dress. Then we walked down the outside stairs and over to our cars. I told Sara to follow me and Angie and I slid into my little blue car and I drove out onto the highway. It was getting dark now and as I turned on my lights I felt Angie's hand on my leg and looked over at her in the dim light. The look on her face almost gave me an orgasm right then.

 I swear she can actually fuck me with her eyes, they are so hypnotic. It has actually happened once or twice to me, and researchers have unlocked some interesting data which proves that girls like me, with super strong imaginations and highly sensitive nerve endings, actually use a part of the brain to create an orgasmic bliss without any physical stimulation of our genitalia, while another part shuts down up front to allow me to experience extreme pleasure throughout my entire body.

I've even heard it referred to as a mind fuck, which I guess it actually is to some extent. Anyway, that was what was occurring in the front seats of my little car, and the hot rush to my thighs was generated by that part of my mind as was the seepage of my juices out from between my swollen cunt lips. Then she moved her hand and I gasped and my vision started blurring as I pulled to the side of the dark road and leaned forward on the steering wheel and gasped for air as my body jerked hard, over and over, from the oh so sweet feeling contractions, brought on by her lusty gaze and the foreplay on the balcony.

Sara had pulled over when I did and now came rushing up to the door to see what had happened thinking I was having dry heaves from the wine or something we ate earlier. Then she saw Angie grinning and started laughing as I finally lay back in my seat with a big sigh and giggled, "Not to worry, Sara, just another great orgasm brought on by my sexy little lover over here."

"God, Jan, you really scared me. I didn't know what to think when I saw you pull over. But I see now it was only your usual antics again." She chuckled as she reached in and pulled my hair out of my eyes. Angie patted my leg and said, "Better get going, honey, before the IHP comes along and gives you a DUI."

I started back onto the asphalt as Sara fell in behind me again and we drove to my place and parked and got out and walked up on my big backyard deck. I went in to check my phone for messages and then pulled some more wine coolers out of the fridge as Angie and Sara flopped down on two of the chaises lining the railing. The latest bunch of new baby squirrels came down the tree trunk next to the deck and peered at us in the gloom as we watched and giggled at their antics.

The moon came up as we chatted, and shone through the gaps in the tall trees making the whole back yard beautiful as bats swished overhead chasing insects and an occasional hoot from an owl came out of the woods in back of my home. It is warm at night in August up here so I suggested we take our dresses off and get comfortable and they agreed as we stood up and put our coolers on the little end tables by the chaises. My neighbors are on each side but there is sufficient room to allow some privacy and the darkness was now complete so we were hidden from view as we stripped down and threw our outfits on the big table under the umbrella.

The webbing on the lounger felt cool on my back as I reclined and sipped my wine. We talked some more about sex and then Angie and I exchanged looks and grinned as we stood up and went over to Sara. She looked up at us questioningly as I took the wine glass from her hands and set it down. Then Angie went around behind her and reached down and dragged her arms up to the top of her chaise and Sara looked up and watched as Angie tied her wrists to the top railing with some strips of soft silk material that we keep there for when we play our bondage games sometimes.

"Okay, you guys, what are you up to now?" Sara giggled drunkenly, "What is this, a little rape, maybe? Hmmm, I've never been tied up before, might be fun."

"You'll see," I chuckled, as I pulled her legs open and tied her ankles to the frame at the bottom. I stood back and looked her over as Angie watched me. Her breasts stood up tall from the pull on her arms and her tight stomach shone in the moonlight and her smooth cunt lips were beginning to puff up as she squirmed and started to pant softly, "Oh, God I am getting wet again. This is so hot being stared at by you two naked cuties."

She licked her lips and looked up as Angie trailed her fingers down over her arms, starting with her wrists and then down to the inner part of her elbow, and then slowly on down her upper arms to her arm pits. Sara arched up off the chaise as Angie tickled her lightly and then ran her hands over toward her heaving breasts. While she was doing that I knelt at the bottom of Sara's recliner and started running my nails up and down the insides of her legs in little circles making goose bumps pop out on her hot skin.

I looked up at Angie as I moved slowly up Sara's legs and then to her thighs and then to the area between her cunt lips and her thigh where I slid my hands up the crease while pushing her folds gently against each other. I watched them swell as she moaned and tried to open her legs wider, but the ties prevented her so she just opened her knees to allow me more access. She had her head back now and her eyes closed feeling our fingers work their magic on her quivering body.

As she neared her climax Angie reached over and touched my shoulder and nodded toward the patio door, and I grinned and nodded back. Just inside the slider was a box holding a big vibrator, similar to the ones they use in Hogtied on the net. And standing next to the box was Jason peering out through the side of the curtains. When I had gone into the house to get the wine I had unlocked the front door so he could come in after he walked down the driveway after parking down the block.

I stood up and Sara opened her eyes and panted, "Oh, God, you guys aren't going to let me cum ever, are you? Damn, I was so close!"

"Relax," Angie told her as she ran her hands over Sara's stiff nipples gently making her jerk and gasp again. "We just want to turn on the lights so we can see you better. That's all she is doing."

"Are you kidding?" Sara gasped, "The neighbors will all see us, won't they?"

"They are all in bed, sweetie," I said, as I reached inside and flipped the switch illuminating the deck in a flash of blinding light totally destroying our night vision. "Besides, they can't see much with the railing around the sides and if they do they won't say anything, I doubt, because the closest ones are all old guys who love to watch us sunbathe naked every chance they get."

I stepped back over and knelt down once more as I watched the curtain move slightly as Jason lined up the video camera to catch all the action. Angie had come up with the scheme at the club when she went to get the wine from the waiter and spotted Sara in a group of girls at the bar without her noticing she was there. The bartender was a friend of Jason's and she told him to come up with some excuse to get Sara to walk out on the balcony and we took it from there. Then he made the call to Jason at the gym and told him the plan and he laughed and said he would be right there. He had arrived just after we did and slid over to the patio door to watch and film the action, which he knew would make Sara hot to see when they fucked.

"Hmm," I thought as I once again slid my hands up to Sara's wet vagina, "Let's see, we have lights, and camera rolling. Now for the action!" Angie read my mind and grinned at me as she ran her long tongue out and touched it to her nose. I nodded and we switched places so Angie could lick her with her long fat tongue while I took over fondling Sara's nipples and running my hands up and down her trembling stomach.

To be continued.
