He tries not to think about what Alice does in the bathing room. He tries not to imagine her nimble fingers unbuttoning buttons and untying ribbons and pushing her clothing from her shoulders and down her hips. 

No, it’s best to tell himself that Alice is merely sitting at the vanity in the unmentionable room, writing a letter. Or perhaps composing a riddle. Or even creating a shopping list. 

He clears his throat, adjusts his reading glasses, and forces himself to focus on the print on the page in front of him. He manages the task fairly well... even if he seems incapable of moving beyond the same line: 

Why, what effects of passion shows she? 

Tarrant feels his brows twitch as he reminds himself to read and not imagine answers to that question. 

He is not sure how long he lectures himself on this. Long enough to clutch at his wife’s one-of-a-kind book. Long enough to feel rather uncomfortable in his current seat. Long enough to think he ought to be thinking about something that does not make his body tingle. 

And then he hears something that is not a part of his self-chastisement. He tilts his head to the side and glances toward his... right? Yes, that had sounded as if it had come from the unmentionable room – whatever that small noise had been. It had been too low and too fleeting for him to properly identify. When it does not come again, he turns back to the book, the page, the line that has snagged his attention: 

Why, what effects of passion shows she? 

“Tarrant...” 

He startles as the ear he had kept pointed toward the bathing room door rings with the sound of his name – it had been said quietly, but quite clearly! He hesitates for a moment and then snaps the book closed and sets it aside. He pushes himself up and out of the chair and strides toward the door. He opens his mouth to ask if his wife is all right... 

“ Tarrant...! ” 

Startled, he presses a hand against the door, reaches for the knob and says, “Alice?” He waits as long as he can stand – that is, a moment that feels entirely too long but probably hadn’t been – and then calls once more, “Alice, are you all right?” 

“ Yes... ” she moans – moans! – and Tarrant listens as his fingernails scrape against the painted wood of the door. He knows that moan, knows what it signifies... 

He gasps as desire so hot and sudden slams into him it forces the air from his lungs. He can no longer pretend that he does not know what his wife is doing... and now he knows she is imagining him with her, as she touches her own body, as she gives herself pleasure... 

His left hand tightens around the brass door knob. 

He Wants... 

“ Please... ” his wife sighs. 

Yes, he thinks, agreeing to give her whatever she is asking for. The door knob turns beneath his hand, clicks and rattles with his sudden haste. It is that very sound that reaches through his frantic need and makes him pause. 

No. 

No! 

Remember your promise! 

He clenches his jaw and peels his fingers from the door knob with the force of his will. “Alice...” Her name is a mantra that holds the power to beat back his madness, to remind him of why he must not cross this threshold. 

“ Don ’ t stop! ” 

He whines out a long sigh. “ Alice... ” No, he must not enter that room, but there is no force that can make him leave the threshold, where he now stands. He presses his forehead against the portal, ignoring the way his reading glasses dig into the bridge of his nose. Against the wood, his left hand scrabbles for something to cling to. His right hand... 

Tarrant gasps-screams-breathes his wife’s name as the palm of his hand passes over the front of his trousers, caressing the hardness that he has discovered (and accepted) that he has very little control over. He rubs against his own hand, hips twitching forward and then... 

Alice begs him again: “ Please ...” 

He rips the buttons from their holes with little regard for the fabric. He clings to the Here and Now with his blunt, stained fingernails which are pressed against the smooth surface of the door. He moves in counterpoint to the motions of his hand; he can feel the inevitable coming; he has no way of distracting himself, of staving off his release; it has been well over a week since he had last indulged and now Alice is calling out to him in her pleasure and he Wants...! 

“ Tell me how... ” she pleads and he groans against the door. He imagines her bare and flushed and arching into him as he drives into her and she is so close and he will bring her the pleasure she seeks – he will show it to her, be the one who gives it to her...! 

“ Tell me what to do! ” 

Ah, she is nearly there! Nearly! Yes, oh Underland, yes. Just a bit more, Alice. Move with me. Give me just a bit more, lass. Can you feel it coming over you? The heat? The tension? That ’ s right, my Alice, let it sweep you away. I ’ ll catch you. I’ll not let you fall from my arms... 

He barely hears his own voice, distorted with heaving breaths, groan and stutter and mutilate Outlandish. He will regret it if Alice ever learns the language because she will never let him forget the fact that he had been unable to speak a coherent sentence as he had listened to her as she had... and he had... and only a wooden door had kept him from sheathing his swollen sex in hers and...! 

“ Tarrant! ” 

He pants against the wood of the door as his hips jerk uncontrollably. He braces his shoulder against the portal and struggles to catch the surging tide of his release in his left hand even as his right calls it forth. This time, with no madness to suffocate the feeling, he rides the intensity of it from start to finish. And finish he does. 

He slumps against the door, his trousers open and shoved down his hips, and fumbles for his handkerchief, which he uses to clean himself up as best he can. His chest still rises and falls with his labored breaths, but he doesn’t bother to feel ashamed of that. No, he suspects he’ll have more than enough to be ashamed over just as soon as Alice finishes with her bath – although, by the sound of the surprised and strangled feminine grunt, she had managed to Finish just as he had! – and returns to their suite with an accusation on the tip of her inconsolably distracting tongue. 

He sighs. He thinks of that tongue and the lips that conceal it and the flavor he remembers of them and he would give his top hat for a kiss from her – soft and willing and smiling with post-coital bliss – right now. 

But Tarrant knows he cannot have that. He must not have that. He continues leaning on the door, listening to the sounds of her moving about, turning on the squeaky faucets, filling the tub with water and then splashing carefully into its depths. 

He closes his eyes and tries not to imagine all of her skin wet and slick and shimmering with sweat and water droplets. Unfortunately, he is still wearing his reading glasses – glasses which had been designed to assist him with seeing things clearly and in Good Detail – and there are a great many details to be enjoyed within that mental picture. 

Only after he hears the sound of rinsing does Tarrant manage to unlock his knees and force his shaky legs to stumble away from the door. He washes up with water from the bedside pitcher and makes a few small repairs to his trousers buttonholes (indeed, two of them had been torn in his haste) and then wanders out onto the balcony for a breath or hundred of fresh air. 

Tarrant is still trying to clear his head – still contemplating the advantages of carrying an additional handkerchief or two on his person at all times – when a touch on his elbow startles him. 

“Alice!” 

He turns and faces her without really meaning to. His apologies are not ordered and at the ready – they are scattered and spinning in useless circles. The sight of his wife in her nightdress and robe and slippers does naught to assist him with their collection. 

And before he can think to search her face for hints of reproach or confusion or anger or whatever else he is sure he deserves for eavesdropping on her and touching himself, without having been invited to do any of those things...! 

Alice steps up to him, wraps her arms around his waist and burrows against his chest. 

“Alice?” he asks her still-damp hair. He tells himself he does not deserve any sort of reward for what he had just done – what he had allowed himself to do (that is worse than the madness, is it not? He had knowingly consented to his own actions this time!) – but he wraps his arms around her shoulders and feels himself melt against her warmth. 

“There is nothing to fear,” she whispers against his jacket lapel and he shivers. “I will show you.” 

He leans his cheek against her head and closes his eyes. His arms reaffirm their hold on her and his fingers curl until the sleeves of her heavy robe are clutched in his grip. 

“Everything will be fine.” 

“But... the door, Alice. I almost...” 

“No, you didn’t.” 

“But I could have...” 

“It wasn’t locked,” she informs him, shocks him, flabbergasts him. “It wasn’t locked and I’m glad you were there. You helped, you know. Just like I told you you would. We figured it out... together.” 

Together. He likes the sound of that. He likes knowing that even separated from her, he is not without some means of being with her. “I should not have eavesdropped.” 

She snorts. “I have imagined just that scenario often enough that it would be very hypocritical of me to get upset over it now.” 

“Alice? You...?” 

And then she leans back, stretches her mouth up toward his and presses her lips against his protests. It is brief but it is warm and confident and when she leans back there are no accusations in her eyes. There is no anger. There is no argument over their decision to see this Courtship through to the end, to continue delaying the moment when their skin comes together. 

“I am not afraid to be with you,” she informs him. “Nor am I afraid of waiting. It will be worth it, no matter how long you need.” 

His brows rise at that. “And what if I request more time than we previously agreed?” 

“Then it is yours.” 

“When... when the time comes,” he forces himself to say, “will you guide me, Alice?” 

For a long moment, she simply studies his eyes, caresses his gaze with her own. “We’ll guide each other.” 

He sighs out a deep breath and nods. Her words have calmed him, reassured him. Everything will be all right. 

Gently, she snakes her arms out from around his torso and lifts her hands to his face. He blinks as she removes his reading glasses and then folds them carefully before tucking them in their customary pocket. “It’s my turn on the sofa tonight,” she murmurs. 

Tarrant’s breath is caught somewhere between being a chuckle and a sob. He presses a kiss to her hair before he drops his arms from around her. “Then,” he declares softly, “it is also your turn to tuck me in.” 

She smiles and he grins... and after a long moment, he retreats inside, gathers the nightclothes he’d retrieved from his room days before, and takes his turn in the bath. When he emerges, Alice tucks him into the bed and he tugs on a lock of her now-dry hair and whispers, “Thank you, Alice.” 

“It was my pleasure,” she answers with a knowing smile that – for once – does not make him doubt himself. Perhaps he can do this. Perhaps he can make love to his wife without the madness overwhelming him. Of course, there are no guarantees and there is no way to know for sure and he will never forgive himself if he hurts her... but there is the smallest chance, he now admits, that this – he and Alice and happiness and togetherness – is possible.