[ This Story Is A Work Of Fiction. Any Similarities Whether Person, Place Or Thing Are Entirely Coincidental. No Part Of This Story May Be Reproduced Without Express Written Permission By The Author. ]

[C] Copyright 2009




[ III: Reborn ]




Akia lie in her bed, in a deep sleep. Rayth relaxed next to her and stroked her fingers with his own.

"Rayth," Ingel called, "You must know the true powers that the Emerald Moon holds."

"Tell me," Rayth said to him.

"The Emerald Moon possesses two halves. A light and a dark. It can bring life, or death. Those who seek the Emerald Moon become obsessed. Akia became obsessed, as did I, and, as did you," Ingel said to Rayth. "The only way to destroy the darkness inside, is to sacrifice love."

"Love?" Rayth turned to look at Ingel.

"Yes."

"There will be no sacrifice from me," Rayth growled, and walked from the small room where Akia lay.

"Rayth! Rayth, you must listen," Ingel continued to call. "The consequences could mean death!"

"I do not believe this foolishness, Ingel."

"You may not. But the Emerald grows ever the more stronger as it pulls your spirit away," Ingel warned.

"Rubbish!"

Rayth made haste towards the room where Akia lie, now awake and ready to begin the journey.

"May God bless you both, and have mercy on your souls my friends," Ingel whispered in prayer to them both.

As Akia dressed, Rayth grabbed his belongings, and looked on to Akia from her backside doubting his feelings for the journey ahead.

"Oh, Rayth, my love?" Akia called to him.

"Yes, Akia?" He answered her call.

"I do not believe you would object to making love to me once more before we go," She said to him, raising her dress and opening her legs to show her insatiable sex hole.

"No, my love," He answered, and grabbed hold of his fully erect fuck stick, stroking it in preparation.

His large, muscular body lay over her and he entered his cock into her slippery pussy, thrusting slowly as she could build up excitement for more.

"Oh, my pussy feels so good and wet. Fuck it harder!" She moaned.

Rayth pushed deep, raising her ass off the bed, and causing her body to shake and convulse. At every few hard strokes, juices exited from the sides of her hole. Every orgasm nearly brought tears to her eyes, and the moments were beyond the boundaries of pure pleasure. Her mind whirled, and to dizzying heights as Rayth deepened his cock into her cunt, rubbing against her G-spot, and causing her to bite onto his neck.

"Oh God, Baby! I love fucking your hot wet pussy!" Rayth growled sexually.

"Then fuck me harder, Baby."

Rayth bounced himself with each thrust, pounding her harder as her buttocks jiggled with delight.

"Fuck me! Cum in me, cum in my pussy, Baby!" She begged.

Rayth released an intense shot of semen into her hole, and struggled to gain composure himself as he last streams shot from his cock.

Akia released her own orgasm, but as an aftershock from still feelings in her pussy.

As they rested for a few minutes, they rose up to start their way to the Emerald Moon.





The day had been long for them, having already traveled ninety nine percent of the way. The hills, containing a small cavern near its center, were not much further.

Ingel led the way up a long dirt path running up the side of the tall hill. Rayth began to worry about what would really happen. Akia grew tired, and weary.

"There it is!" Ingel called out from the distance ahead. "The Lost Caverns."

The three rode fast now to make their way to the entrance. As they came upon it, they stopped and dismounted their horses.

"Rayth?" Ingel called. "Please, you must remember what I told you of the legend behind the Emerald.

"I cannot do so, Ingel," Rayth answered, saddened deep.

Both men turned their heads to find that Akia had gone. "Oh no, where did she go to?" Ingel thought.

They hurried into the cave entrance and followed every turn, finding splitting paths.

"What do we do?" Rayth nervously asked.

"Listen," Ingel paused, "Do you hear it?" He asked.

"Hear what?"

"The singing."

"No. Wait, yes. Yes I do," Rayth answered.

"Follow me," Ingel said, as he walked through different tunnels towards the sounds of a soft lullaby.

As they both came to a large open area, Akia stood just ahead, looking down on a rock that held the most luminous jewel any have ever set eyes on.

Akia slowly reached out to touch it, and as she did, she collapsed.

"No! No!" Rayth cried, and he ran to her, picking her up into his arms and whispering, "I Love You," repeatedly to her.

Her eyes were near closed, and they both knew that the end was near for her.

The cavern began to wither and crumble. It shook, and echoes of a near doom roared from every direction.

"Rayth?" Ingel's voice rang in his head. "Rayth, you must remember."

As the rocks fell and the Emerald glow shined its brightest, Rayth knew what he must do. He lowered her head, and slowly backed away.

Akia's eyes grew wide, as she feared he was leaving her to die; sacrificing her to her death. He was not. In his heart, he was sacrificing his love for her, in hopes to dispel the curse and proclaim his love once more to her.

Against the rock, Akia died as the walls collapsed around and rocks fell. Dust and debris settled, and Akia lay in her spot no more.

Rayth and Ingel brushed themselves off and coughed up dust that had been breathed in. They looked on to the rock, and a cloudy white mist swirled enchantingly around it. Rayth noticed a face turn from within it and look into his eyes. It was Akia, and she smiled to him, before disappearing. Both mens eyes grew in amazement as they noticed something on the rock replacing the Emerald. They moved closer to it, and it revealed to be a newborn baby.

Rayth picked the child up, and held it close to his heart. "It's a girl," He said to Ingel.

"How do you know?"

"I know," He answered. "She is my child."

Ingel had witnessed the powers of the Emerald take place before his very eyes. Both men, and child left the caverns and met their horses. as they mounted, they slowly began to ride away as the sun rose highest in the sky, illuminating the fields beyond.



[END]