MY FIRST TIE UP GAME WITH LARISSA

BY C. B.

Before someone read the follow story, I tell all of the users,
english is not my mother tongue and if I made some errors, then
excuse this please.

My little niece is seven years old and named Larissa. She is
really a very, very pretty girl and all along I want to tied and
gagged her. I will describe her, although, she is so very good
looking, that her appearance beggar all description. Her long,
dark hair falls in soft waves up to the shoulders. She have blue
eyes, a delightful snub nose and is exceedingly charming.

One day comes surprising my opportunity. My sister must drive
away to another town and I know, she would be absent all day. It
was February 1st and on this day all my wishes came true. On this
day I bound sweet Larissa the first time. The place of
performance was the living room of my sister. Larissa and I
watched television, she was wearing a blue dress, blue socks and
white shoes. On this day she looked like an angel. Larissa made a
deep sigh.

"Oh, this is so boring, I don't like to see this!"

I was glad and said, "Okay, let's play!"

"Play what?"

"It's called Tie Up A Little Girl!"

"What is the meaning of this?"

"I want to tie up and gag you!"

"Why?"

"It's a nice game, you will enjoy it."

"I will think it over!"

"But not too long, I am waiting!"

"Yet over, let's play!" said the nice girl, and the moment I had
long awaited was here.

"Okay!" I said.

"Stay here, I'll go get much rope!"

I ran in the wash-house and took the long clothes-line. Then I
returned to Larissa. She was waiting and looked a little shyly at
the rough rope in my hands.

"Let's begin!" she said.

"Hands behind?"

"Just a moment, my little lady, before I bind you, you must take
off your shoes and socks!"

"Why?"

"So are the rules, besides I need the socks to gag you, and I
want to see your naked toes! There are three good reasons!"

She was sitting on the floor and slipped out of her shoes. It was
very exciting for me. Her little toes appeared clearly through
the socks and I had a feeling as never before. A little moment
yet and I would see the toes of the prettiest girl I knew. And
now she pulled off the left sock and wearing them out. And then
the same with the right sock. I believed, I will to be madness,
this girl, my little niece stand really barefooted in the room!
Now she came to me.

"Hands behind?" she asked again.

"Yes and crossed behind you!"

I took the long, rough rope and began to tie her wrists.

***

"Good Girl!" I said.

I was so glad, because she had her hands so spontaneous and
absolutely free holding behind her back. This is more exciting
for me as soft restraint.

I took a rope of a length of almost five yards to tie her hands,
then I planned to roped the lovely girl as a parcel, so tight and
securely intend to bind her. At first I made a loop around both
wrists and knotted tightly and securely. And then I pulled the
rope again and again around her wrists and between her wrists,
and I don't forgot often to knot the rope. During the binding of
hands I looked again and again down to her naked feet and it was
very exciting for me, to see, how she moved sometimes her naked
toes. and I was looking forward to binding her feet. But for the
time being, I was engaged with her hands, and after the wrists, I
bound the elbows tightly with a length of rope, and at the same
time I bound the chest and between her hands and crossed the
rope, and finally the upper part of the body was totally roped,
and she began to wriggle.

"Oh, uncle Clyde, the ropes are very tied!"

"Hurt them?"

"No, but I can not move my hands!"

"This is okay, you are my prisoner and you must be tied up and
gagged!"

"Gagged?"

"Of course, I don't want you to cry!"

"Have you kidnapped me?"

"Yes, my beautiful girl! But let us continue with binding!"

"Once more? What next?"

"Your sweet little feet!"

Suddenly she started to cry, "Help me, help me! I am caught her
.hhhmmppphhh!!!" I had fast stuffed her own socks into her mouth
and pressed them behind her teeth. After this I took a scarf and
made a thick knot and pushed the knot into her mouth and bound
the scarf in her neck tightly three times. The girl was very well
gagged and I saw, she must biting in the knot of the scarf and
this looked so lovely, more than I can describe.

"Mmmmmmmpppphhhh!" Larissa sounds. I lifted her body and carried
her to the divan.

And then comes the best, I started to bound her naked feet.
Larissa has wonderful toes, not too long and not too short and
well-formed. As she was feeling the rope, she moved her toes
again and straddle them. I bound her ankles as tightly as I could
and roped her feet up to her knees. And at the end I bound her
upper thighs and my pretty parcel was ready.

"Mmmmmmmm ..!!!"

"Sounds good!" I said and she started struggling, but she had no
chance to free herself.

I stood there and could almost not believe it. My little niece,
the pretty girl, was lying as my prisoner here and I had her
bound and gagged and I could see her naked feet. All my wishes
had been fulfilled.

"So," I said, "and now I must see, what I want to make with the
caught girl.

Again she began to struggling and sounds,"Mmmmmpppphhhh!!!"

I was a little bit in sorrow, until I saw, as she winked with her
eyes. I laughed, she had exactly as much fun in this game as me!



