
                          A Tale Of Two Titties
                              by sourdough

-------
Synopsis: An homage to 'Fractured Fairy Tales.'

Codes: no-sex fanfic humor tg


Once upon a time in a tiny kingdom there lived a young man named Jack. Jack fancied himself a ladies' man. The local women didn't think so because Jack could be brash and insulting when he thought he was being witty. Not surprisingly, the fair sex avoided him as much as possible.

One woman who couldn't avoid him was his landlady, a young widow with an infant child. She was in desperate need of the rent she charged her lodger and Jack did pay his rent on time. The problem was in the early mornings and evenings when the widow was breastfeeding her baby. Jack would make clever comments like, "Can I suck on the one not in use?" or "Which one of those gives chocolate milk?" The widow would smile politely and hold her peace.

One evening however, after about the fiftieth or sixtieth time Jack made a similar rude remark, the widow whose name was Helen said, "I wish you could experience what women go through when we're breastfeeding. Then maybe you wouldn't make such remarks."

"That'll be the day," Jack replied. Well, as it happened, a witch was flying by the widow's cottage at the time and overheard the conversation. She thought it would be a great trick to grant Helen's wish. So that night when all slept, the witch cast a spell on Jack before flying off again on her broomstick.

Helen woke up the next morning to a great scream of terror coming from Jack's room. She jumped out of her bed, checked quickly on her still slumbering child and rushed into her lodger's room. She found Jack lying in his bed weeping inconsolably. "Are you all right? Are you ill?"

"I'm dying," Jack moaned. "I've discovered tumors. I'm sure they're cancerous." The unfortunate young man wept even harder and exposed his chest to the startled landlady.

"They look like breasts," Helen said finally after having a close look at the "tumors."

"Don't be ridiculous," Jack huffed. "I'm a man. Men don't have breasts. They're tumors." His outrage had at least stopped his crying. But Jack was wrong. They were indeed breasts. And what a pair of hooters they were! Any woman alive would have been proud to have possessed this perfect pair of tit flesh. But since Jack was a man and a not so proud possessor of these lovely jugs, they looked totally out of place.

"They're breasts," Helen maintained. "I don't know how but that's what they are."

"But what should I do?" Jack looked like he was about to cry again.

"I'd go shopping for a bra if I were you," said Helen.

"I can't go bra shopping. I can just imagine. 'Hello, miss. I'm here to try on bras.'" Jack shuddered with revulsion as he played out the scene in his mind. "I can't go out in public ever again much less shop for a bra. I might as well kill myself here and now."

Helen knew Jack well enough to know he wasn't suicidal, but she realized he was going to have difficulties adjusting to having breasts so she agreed to go buy a bra for him. She had to hide a smile when she realized how sensitive Jack's breasts were when she took his measurements. The young man was lucky he didn't have any pressing appointments. Also, he had money from a small inheritance left to him by his parents so he didn't have to work.

Jack stayed in his room for the next couple of days and sulked. He realized that somebody must have put a curse on him, but he didn't know why. As far as he knew he never did anyone a bit of harm. "Forgive me," he cried to his unseen tormentor. "I don't know why I'm being punished but, I'll make up for whatever I've done to deserve this if you'll just lift this curse. Please!" Well, that plea fell on deaf ears because you see, the witch was hard of hearing and she wasn't wearing her hearing aids at the time. Also, she was off on holiday in the south of France.

Helen woke up the next morning to a great scream of terror coming from Jack's room. "What now?" she cried.

"I told you they were tumors. I'm in great pain and I'm bleeding to death." Helen saw that Jack's chest was wet but she couldn't see any blood.

"You're not bleeding to death. That's milk, not blood. You're lactating."

"You're wrong," wailed the despairing young man. "Leave me alone and I'll die here with as little bother as possible. I'll give you money for my burial." Helen realized Jack was trying to deny the truth and the reason he was in pain was that his breasts were full of milk. She fed her son and then went to call on a sickly friend. She was also a widow with an infant who was also sickly because her mother was having trouble with her milk.

"I just met someone who's... a wet nurse. Let him, uh her feed your daughter."

"I have no money for a wet nurse," her friend said who was also desperately poor. "You know that."

"She'll do it for free as long as she doesn't have to leave my home. She's rather shy." Helen's friend readily agreed to the unusual offer.

"What's this? I want to die alone," Jack said when saw Helen walking into his room with a wailing infant in her arms. The baby certainly wasn't her son.

"Shut up and stop feeling sorry for yourself," Helen declared. "You're going to be useful for once in your life."

"What are you talking about?"

"I'm going to teach you how to breastfeed."

"What? You're crazy. I'm not going to do that."

"You do it or I'll let the town gossips in on your secret. The whole kingdom will know about it within days and the whole continent within the month."

"I'll kill myself first."

"Then I'll have your body pickled and sell tickets for the viewing. I'll be rich," Helen said with a determined look. The stunned young man allowed the infant to be placed in his arms. Helen showed Jack how to hold the infant properly and then guided his nipple into the baby's questing mouth.

Jack felt weird suckling an infant, but at least the baby had stopped crying and the uncomfortable feeling was leaving his breast. Helen left the room and returned with her own baby. She was bare from the waist up. Jack had only seen parts of Helen's breasts before this as she did her best to keep hidden from Jack's eyes. Now that she was displaying herself it didn't seem like such a big deal because Jack had the same equipment. Helen started suckling her son. The two had a pleasant conversation with absolutely no sly comments from Jack.

Jack was relieved after his breasts were emptied but he could already feel his breasts filling with a fresh load of milk. Was this to be a never ending cycle? At least the baby was asleep.

"I've never seen such a thing," said Helen. "The girl's healthy color has returned already. Your milk must have magic qualities." Within days Helen's friend was feeling much better and a healthy daughter was returned to her. Well, such a phenomenon can't be kept secret and it wasn't long before Helen was getting more requests for Jack's services. Helen always charged on the ability to pay which was almost always nothing.

"I might as well be a woman for all good being a man is to me," Jack said ruefully after this had been going on for a while although if one were listening carefully, you couldn't detect any bitterness in his tone of voice. Coincidentally, the witch who had cast the spell on Jack was returning from her extended holiday in the south of France and was just flying by. She was wearing her hearing aids and overheard Jack's comment. That night she cast another spell on Jack. In the morning Jack woke up an anatomically complete woman. And what a woman! She was simply beautiful.

"What the heck!" Jack said when she realized what happened. There wasn't going to be any screaming fit this time. She simply accepted it. Helen bought Jackie (which is what she started calling herself) women's clothes and she finally made her first appearance in public. Word of Jackie's beauty spread far and wide. The kingdom's prince, who was looking for a wife, saw her and fell instantly in love.

"Be my wife and we will be happy together for the rest of our lives," the prince told her. Jackie was confused about being proposed to by a man since she was a man not too long before. She simply blushed but the prince wasn't finished with his sales job. "You have the hottest looking honkers I've ever seen," the prince said who had a breast fetish. Jackie was wearing a low cut gown which showed off her cleavage to advantage. "I'm going to be sucking on them night and day. Uh, does one of those jugs dispense chocolate milk? Heh heh!"

Jackie finally realized how boorish he'd been as Jack with his insensitive comments to Helen and other women. No wonder they didn't want to have anything to do with him. Jackie turned the prince down flat and sent him away.

The witch paid Jackie a personal visit that evening. "I see you've learned your lesson. I'm ready to turn you back into a man."

"No thanks," said Jackie.

"What?" exclaimed the surprised witch.

"It's obvious I was pretty useless as a man," Jackie explained. "I've helped lots of children since you cast that spell on me. I want to continue helping and the best way I know how is to remain a woman. The witch smiled, winked and disappeared.

Jackie turned away other suitors so she could continue helping ailing children with her magic milk. Jackie and Helen continued living together but this time as best friends instead of landlady and lodger. Of course, they lived happily ever after. There you have it; a tale of two titties.


-------
The End
-------
 

