Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Twenty-Three: The Maids' Passions Explode
Summary: Lance conducts a sexual rite to open the way to the Otherworld to rescue his mother!
Keyword: FFFFFFFFffffff mF mFF mc inc oral daisy exhib voy inter super

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother. 
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student
Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Seductress
The Stalker
The Twin
The Weeper
The Woods

Lance Hayward

I had made my decision. I would risk it all to rescue my mother. I could not let the Seductress who had corrupted her succeed in whatever foul plan the monster had. My hands clenched tight into fists as the fury beat in my heart.

Before me, all the maids had gathered. A diverse group all wearing their maid uniforms like armor. A few had little extra tidbits. Okay, two. Opal wore her bridal veil and Sister Martha Ruth her wimple and veil. The rest were just their gorgeous uniforms and their various hued garters.

Angela and Virginia clutched at each other while their big sister Kylie stood beside them, her face so fierce. She was not about to let our mother stay in bondage, either. Nor was Bella with her own mother beside her along with the other Concubine-Maids. Aunt Nancy looked ready to murder someone. It was her big sister missing. If she had a flogger or a belt in her hand, she would be smacking it into her open palm.

Okay, okay, I said, we have to figure out who is going with me and who is staying behind with Bella.

An outburst of shouts echoed through the ballroom. They all were so eager to go, including maids that I haven't even met yet, the three my Aunt Nancy had recruited and two that Ms. Docea had just returned with.

I held my hand and my maids went quiet. Cali, how many maids are there.

Not counting myself, there are thirty-two maids in the mansion, she said.

It would be thirty-three with Mom. Thirty-four with... My stomach went to ice. I had bred mom this morning. Did that mean... I didn't want to think about what had happened to our daughter. 

At least a third should stay behind, Master, Cali continued. At least ten, counting Bella.

More eruptions burst at me.

You should take all of my maids if I can't go! Bella said, pregnant with our son. The heir to the Hayward family. That was why she had to stay behind in case... I didn't want to think about it in case. I was coming back. 

You need me and my fiery girls, Master! insisted Aunt Nancy. We'll be facing monsters beyond imagination!

Which is why some of your girls have to stay behind to guard the palace, Ms. Docea insisted, shooting Aunt Nancy a hard look. At least one type of each maid should stay behind.

I would like to stay behind, Master, Asuka said, the Japanese girl had a serious look on her face. My algorithm needs a lot of work. I will be more useful here than over there.

But we have to take Marsha and Abigail, Ms. Docea added. They're experts in mythology and will be so useful, Master Hayward!?

We have to go, too, Master-Daddy! both my daughters said as they stared at me with such pleading in their eyes. Mommy needs us!

Ms. Docea was right. One of each type at least had to stay behind, and more of others. I glanced at Bella with her Mother and started making my decisions on who would stay and go. Bella, if you would stand over there. Take your mother. She's going to stay behind. I hesitated. I'll take the rest of the Concubine-Maids, though.

Bella gave a satisfied nod while all the other maids wearing the green gartersAlice, Veronica, Carla, Felicity, Opal, and Mrs. Kenningall smiled. They moved over to me and spilled around behind me, their skirts rustling.

I flicked my gaze to my aunt. Pick one of your maids to stay behind.

Deborah, said Aunt Nancy without any hesitation. My oldest daughter.

But Mo... Deborah's protest died as she withered beneath the glower her mother shot at her. My Cousin-Maid squeaked and darted over to join Bella and my mother-in-law.

That meant Izzy, Alisha, Seo-Yun, Ji-Woo, and Deidre rushed behind me along with Aunt Nancy.

Angela, you're coming with us for your healing breast milk, I told my eldest daughter, but Virginia, you have to stay behind to take care of the other maids. Especially Bella. She's pregnant with your little brother.

Yes, Master-Daddy, Virginia said, a crestfallen expression on her face. But she obeyed like the good girl she was. She marched over to join her step-mother.

We're going to save mom, Master-Daddy! Angela said as she darted up to me She rose on her tiptoes and kissed me on the mouth.

I smiled at her as she darted to join her place. My little sister squirmed. Kylie, of course, I said. Along with... Tabitha, Janiqua, and Ashley. I glanced at the other maids with the white garters. Zeta, Rashimi, and Brenda, you're staying behind.

Master, you must take at least myself, Abigail, and Marsha, said Ms. Docea. And one other maid of mine. That will leave ten behind.

I believed Ms. Docea. If she thought those two were needed, and there was no way I was leaving her behind. I glanced at Mrs. White, Mrs. Johnson, and... Sister Martha Ruth.

She had a fierceness in her eyes that inspired me. So Mrs. White, Mrs. Johnson, and Asuka joined the maids around Bella while the rest were with me. Twenty-two maids. Twenty-three with Cali. I assumed she would be joining us. It had to be enough to save my mother.

Bella, while we are gone, do not leave the living quarters at night, said Cali, her voice cold. A chill ran through my blood. Clean by day. Only leave the house for supplies. We might be gone... a while. Time does not work the same on the other side. Do not be alarmed if we do not return for months. Even years.

Years?

I cannot say how long. It is not something that is... predictable. She stared at Bella. You will know if Master Hayward falls.

Bella nodded, looking so resolute, but I could see the fear in the corners of her eyes. I moved to her and pulled her to me. I kissed my Maid-Wife. She pressed against me. I so wanted her to be with me when I went into the Otherworld. I wanted her at my side always, but...

She was carrying our  son.

When I broke the kiss, she clutched to me. Tears clung to her eyelashes. You better come back, Master, she whispered. You better return, Lance.

I will. I smiled at her. I'm working on a big surprise for you. I have to come back to give it to you.

Good. She hugged me tightly then released me. 

Retreat to safety, Cali said to Bella and the other maids. We'll open the way once you're safe.

Bella nodded and strode out of the ballroom, the nine other maids following her. Virginia glanced back at me. I gave her a nod. She was a good girl and straightened her back. She would be an asset to her step-mother. 

Nervousness rippled through me, but I bottled them in as I glanced at Cali. How do we open a way through the Hay?

Kylie burst into giggles. Everyone looked at her, even Cali.

She turned pink and said, Sorry, that rhymed. Way. Hay. I... She squirmed. I'll be quiet.

The twenty-two maids who are coming will from a daisy chain around you. They and everyone in the middle will be coming along. They demarcate the edges of the border, but the power pulling you across shall be me. I will ride you. Your seed will allow me to open the way.

Because you're the foundation of the Hay, I said, remembering her words. 

She nodded.

You heard her, maids, Nancy said. Let's form that daisy chain. I want you all licking pussy and sucking clits. Come on. You know that you want to do this. That's right. I see that lust in your eyes, Deidre. You want to eat some pussy!

You know it, Ma'am, said Deidre. She was one of the new maids. 

Kylie grinned at her. I knew you were perfect for an orange garter, slut! She's a preacher's daughter who loves fucking, Master-Big Brother.

Great, I said as I sank down onto the ground. I was wearing only a pair of shoes. The polished hardwood floor was cold on my back. Eat her pussy or let her eat out your cunt! 

The maids started pairing up, forming a circle of licking. Abigail and Marsha lined up with Sister Martha Ruth were started eating Ms. Docea. She feasted on Alisha's pussy, the Arabic slut wearing an orange garter. On and on it went. They all started eating each other. Izzy feasted on Mrs. Kenning's pussy who devoured her daughter. The bride feasted on Aunt Nancy.

Cali straddled me, her purple eyes brighter than usual. She licked her lips as she grabbed my hard cock. She brought me to her pussy. I groaned at the feel of her wet cuntlips on my dick. Her skirt rustled as she brought me to the entrance.

The maids started licking and lapping at each other. Cali's eyes closed. The circuit is formed.

She plunged her cunt down my dick.

Bella and the others? I groaned.

Are nearly there, she said. If you don't cum in the next minute, they will be fine. I cannot risk the heir to Hayward Manor.

She squeezed her cunt as she slid up my dick. I groaned, my maids whimpering around me. Their passion echoed through the ballroom. They were all feasting on each other, their uniforms rustling as they trembled. 

So did Cali. Her big boobs bounced in her uniform as she plunged her cunt down my cock. She gripped my dick and rose back up me. She held me tight with that hot snatch of hers. She massaged me with her flesh, working up and down me.

It was fantastic to have her riding me like that. She plunged her cunt down my dick. She squeezed her snatch around my shaft. It was fantastic to have her riding me like that. She groaned as she did that. She gripped my pussy with her snatch. 

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned as Cali massaged me with her dick.

I shot my hands up and unlaced her blouse. I tugged hard. Her boobs bounced out. These big and beautiful breasts heaved over me. They smacked together, the fleshy sounds echoing through the room. They were such a delight to hear. I loved them.

She groaned, squeezing her snatch down on me. She wiggled her hips from side to side, stirring her cunt around my cock. The pleasure soaked down my shaft to my nuts along with her juices. She was so wet.

Open the way! I groaned. 

Cum in me, Master! she panted. Fill me with your seed. I need it to open the way. I am the doorway, and your seed is the key to unlocking me!

The maids all squealed around us. They moaned as they feasted on each other's pussies. A circle of licking and lapping, gasping and shuddering. They all brought each other closer and closer to cumming, too. Just like Cali did with her pussy and me.

My purple-eyed maid rode me with passion. Her big boobs slapped together as they heaved above me. I watched them, savoring their rippling plumpness. Her cunt squeezed around my dick. She held me so tight with her twat. 

Her cunt drove me wild with her hot touch. She squeezed about me. She brought me closer and closer to that eruption. I would flood her cunt with my jizz. I couldn't wait to pump every drop of my jizz into her snatch.

Shit! I groaned. You're going to be unlocked real quick!

Good, Master! she moaned, her pussy slamming down my dick. She took every inch of my dick over and over again. Unlock me with your cum!

She plunged her cunt down my dick. I loved that feeling. My nuts tightened, about to explode. Around the room, my maids squealed. They climaxed, the pleasure rippling through the daisy chain. It flowed from one to the next. I savored this rapture building in me.

Cali squeezed around me. She slid up my cock and groaned. She plunged her pussy down my dick and squealed. Her cunt went wild around my rod. She suckled at me as she bounced in place, her boobs heaving over her head. 

Master, she groaned as her cunt suckled at me. Unlock the way!

 Fuck! I groaned as the pressure at the tip of my dick burst.

I erupted into her pussy.

I fired blast after blast of cum into her pussy. I flooded her with my seed. As I came in her, she groaned. Her eyes shone purple. Golden energy shot out from us and struck the twenty-two maids daisy-chaining around us. They all squealed as they glowed with golden energy.

A dome appeared over us, rising from my maids, as I pumped more and more of my jizz into her pussy. I shuddered as the barrier quivered around us. Then it unfolded. It stopped being a dome and became a wall in the darkness. We were in nowhere.

Shit! I groaned as a hole opened. A passage away that stretched wide from the middle while narrowing at the top and bottom. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck! 

I erupted a final time, the ecstasy slamming through my body. I trembled through the last of my pleasured. I stared at the golden wall rising above us. The Hay. Cali slid her pussy off my cock. She came free, her skirt rustling.

The other maids were spilling out of the daisy chain. Mrs. Kenning stood by the entrance to the wall, her lips dripping with her daughter's pussy juices. She stared at the entrance then snapped her head around.

Concubine-Maids, go! the auburn-haired MILF cried. Move!

She spoke with such authority. The other Concubine-Maids snapped to attention. They rushed through the opening and jumped through it into the Otherworld. My heart spasmed as I moved toward it, my dick twitching.

Let's go! Aunt Nancy said. Sluts, get your ass through!

She charged through with Izzy and the other orange-garter maids on her heels. Kylie grabbed my right arm and Angela my other as I reached the portal. I stepped through it into the Otherworld, my heart hammering in my chest.

Ms. Docea, the white-garter, and gray-garter maids spilled through with Cali coming last, lacing up her bodice. The door squeezed shut behind her. I shuddered as I heard... moans. Feminine moans. Like more women were daisy-chaining. Though I did hear one definitely male groan.

I turned and stared at the golden wall. It stood on a solid foundation that was maybe a foot tall. The rest of it, rising well over my head, moved. It was glowing, but there was something in it. Like the bricks and mortar moved and writhed like... bodies. Undulating bodies formed distinct sections of the wall. Breaks in it that stretched off into the distance.

What the hell is that, Cali? I demanded, shocked by the bodies in the Hay.

That is the Hay, Master, she said. A golden light led from her garter to the base of the wall. That solid foundation that held up all the writhing entities. It is made up of the souls who defend the world from the outside. Her purple eyes stared at me with such intensity. It is made up of the Haywards.

What? I demanded, my stomach roiling. 

The war is never won. Cali's eyes held such inhuman emotions. I couldn't read what I saw in them. The fight is never over.

A chill ran through me.

Each generation adds to the wall, Master Hayward. For the enemy always tears at it. It must be maintained.

I swallowed and glanced at the glowing forms moving in the golden wall.

They are not in pain, Master. They are in bliss. Listen. Unending pleasure. That is your fate. You and your harem. A smile played on her lips. Was it mocking? Amusing? Sympathetic? Where do you think your uncle's maids went when he died? Did you think they retired? No, they are chained to him for eternity just as all of them are. Those who fall and those who survive.

I turned and stared at the maids I had brought who were all... smiling. They were nonplussed by it. My sister, my daughter, my aunt, my cousin, the concubines, the sluts, the virgins, and the scholars. All my maids were staring at me with such love.

What a wonderful fate, gushed Deidre. I'm so happy I joined the harem.

Me, too, said Tabitha. Kylie, me and you and Master will be together for eternity.

Daddy! Daddy! Angela quivered in place. 

My eyes fell on their garters. Their shackles.

Once a garter is given, Master, it can't be taken back, Cali said as she sauntered past me. Now, we have your mother to find out there.

She swept her arm out at the landscape. The anger that swelled in me vanished at the play of shadows and light that were before us. It was like perpetual twilight. I could make out mountains in the distance with glowing motes of reds or greens. The sky had no clouds but instead was like staring at oil paints on the surface of water being stirred by unseen hands.

Strias of oranges, blues, reds, purples, greens, and more all blending and swirling in different patterns. Strange eddies while... plants floated in the air. Others grew before us. A forest of pine trees with silver needles like tinsel while great green trees with leaves so emerald, a hue so verdant, it was like I had never seen plant life before.

And beneath those trees were shadows so dark, they were unlike any black on earth. Deeper than any sunless cave. Eyes peered at us. Hungry eyes. Predatory eyes. They wanted to rip us apart. To feast on us. 

The entities who dwelled here. Inhuman beings beyond comprehension.

It was the most breathtaking and terrifying vista I had ever seen. 

To the right, the trees rustled. Something massive and amorphous, like a ball of flesh, crashed into the wall. Golden ripples washed from it. Light shone like the rising done, bathing the thing in brilliance while moans of passion swelled with intensity. It shrunk from it. The behemoth melted back into the night.

Lead us, I growled at Cali, my fury at her returning. She didn't warn me about this fate. She didn't tell me anything, and now... Now I had condemned my sister, my aunt, my favorite teacher, my best friend, and my... mother to this fate.

Fuck. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

After the silvery forest, the woods changed. Graceful elms with bark as fragile as paper rose around us. Their limbs quivered as if squirrels ran through their boughs. Only I didn't spot anything as I moved at the front of the party.

The van, it was called.

The concubines were ringing around my Nephew-Master and the more vulnerable members of the harem, like Angela. She had no combat abilities. She stayed close to her father. So did Kylie and her virgins. The scholars were in the middle along with Cali who was telling us where to go. My girls formed a triangle at the front to cover the flanks. 

I stepped across the uneven terrain on my heels, my skirt rustling. My eyes flicked around for danger. I could feel hatred boiling around us. A branch rustled above my head. My eyes stared up at it. The limb shook. 

I did not like this. Not one bit.

Can the trees attack us, Cali? I demanded as we moved deeper beneath the elms. They had leaves with purple veins and what looked like... fuzz on them. 

Yes, she said. Everything here is an entity. Some are hostile. Some are not.

This one hates. I was so ready to channel my fire.

They all hate you. You're from where they wish to be.

The branches burst into a swarm of activity and shot down at us.

My fiery whip lashed out and struck the branch reaching for me. Wood burned. The tree screamed. The sound was like two pieces of wood squeaking together. It hurt my ears even as my fire burned through the branch. It fell at my feet. Something black spurted from the wound.

Drive forward! I called as my girls whipped at the branches.

They burned through the wood while the Concubine-Maids formed their shields and blocked the attacks. Wind exploded from Lynette and her gray-garter maids. Water jetted from Kylie and her Virgin-Maids. The magic slammed into the trees around us. 

Torn branches fell among us as we ripped into the trees. Wind tore at them. Blasts of focused water snapped limbs. Fiery whips burned the trees. They recoiled from us, screeching in pain as we unleashed their natural enemy.

That's right! I roared as I advanced, my girls pressing in around the formation, bending but not breaking. They whipped at them as the branches reached for us. 

A leaf touched Alisha's cheek.

The Arab girl screamed in pain as her skin blistered. Blood boils popped. She staggered back. Opal grabbed her and yanked her into the safety of the center. Lance scooped her up in his arms while Angela unlaced her bodice.

I knew she would heal my slut. I had to focus on the attack. My skin crawled as another branch reached for me. I whipped it away, burning those leaves. My anger swelled. These things were disgusting. I focused my fire.

Flames erupted around the trees. I engulfed the branches before us. I burned them to soot.

There's a pool! Mrs. Kenning cried as I blazed a path for us. The evil trees recoiled. The disgusting forest fled. 

Move! roared Lance.

More fire exploded in the trees around us as my sluts held back the evil woods. We raced ahead, my skirt fluttering and boobs bouncing. I spotted the pool surrounded by springy peat with cattail reeds dotting the shore. A light fog rested over it. I slammed fire into more of the trees as we covered the final dash of a hundred feet.

We burst out of it into the pool, fire blazing behind us. The trees screeched as the flames spread through them. I hoped it all burned. I panted as I stumbled to a stop. I glanced at Aliyah. Her wounds were vanishing as she nursed.

Mom! Izzy called.

Fire flew before me and slammed into something in the air. It hissed. The acrid scent of bile filled the air. I grimaced at it as the water rippled and disgusting frogs jumped out of it. They were brown and warty, each one the size of a Pit Bull. Instead of webbed, amphibian feet, the had human hands that were turned backward.

Their throats bulged.

Concubines! Lance shouted.

Mrs. Kenning pushed past me as a line of the other bodyguards surged forward. They caught the volley of acid on their stone shields. Steam rose from their protection, shielding the harem from this new threat.

Kylie, you girls take the flanks, Lance shouted. Drench the acid. Ms. Docea, fling it back in their faces. Aunt Nancy, once they have it under control, attack!

Yes, Master! I shouted.

I waited as the maids scrambled to obey. Kylie and her girls were firing balls of water at the acid. They splashed and burst. Then wind hurtled the balls back, but they splashed harmlessly on the frogs, doing nothing to their disgusting bodies.

Izzy, you lead your group right, I said. I have left.

Yes, Mom! my daughter said, grabbing the two Korean masseuses. I had Deidre and Alisha who was back into the fight. 

We rushed around the Concubine-Maids blocking the attacks. The frogs turned and fired at us, but wind and water intercepted the attacks. We closed the distance from the side and whipped. Our fiery lashes struck the frogs.

They croaked in pain as their bodies sizzled. Steam rose from their flesh where we hit them. We slashed again, Kylie's and Lynette's maids keeping us safe as we hurt the foul things, but we weren't killing them.

Mrs. Kenning, attack! Master Lance shouted, our general.

The Concubine-Maids stopped using their stone to make shields and rushed in with clubs. The frogs had their focus on me and my girls. By the time they realized their danger, it was too late. The clubs came down.

The frogs burst into bloody pus.

It left a disgusting mess. 

Eww, Angela said. 

This is truly the Otherworld, said Marsha, pushing up her glasses. A place of nightmares and dreams all spilling together. It bares some resemblance to Celtic tales. Faerie creatures can come in all sorts of forms, some malevolent and some benevolent.

I glanced at Cali. There was one who was benevolent. 

Let's keep going, Lance said. You still have the trail, Cali?

She nodded and pointed. I formed up my girls and we pressed on deeper into this madness. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Hayward

I blasted away one of the disgusting bees that were the size of a watermelon and had dicks instead of stingers. They hummed with eagerness as they swooped down on us, clearly intent on raping each and every one of us.

No! Tabitha gasped.

One had struck her from behind and thrown her to the ground. It perched on her rump and tried to stab its dick into her asshole, but her skirt protected her. The layers of petticoats kept that disgusting monster's cock at bay.
A golden sword flashed. Lance cut the bee in half before pulling Tabitha to her feet. 


Thanks, Master! she said.

Relief swept through me as I turned back to firing blasts of water at these nasty things. I struck one, hitting it so hard, its body flew off into the woods while its wings fluttered down to the ground. They all had to die. They all made me feel so dirty. 

Fiery whips set others on fire. Stones slammed into the fuzzy bodies, ripping them to pieces. I gathered more water, but it was growing harder. The things were coming at us from out of the flowery woods. It was such a happy place.

But it was full of rape bees.

I shot another blast, fatigue pulling at me. I wasn't the only one. All the maids were drooping. We had been marching all day and were still no closer to finding where the foul Seductress had taken Mother. We just knew Mom lived.

The last of the rape-bees burst into chunks of oozing pus, the woods growing dark. I panted, feeling like I had just run a lap around the track. I grabbed my knees, panting. I had used so much water today. 

We need to camp, Master-Daddy, Angela said as she nursed Angela who had been burned by one of the rape-bees ejaculating on her face. 

Cali? my big brother asked. How far away is she?

Far, Master Hayward. Cali peered at the distance toward those mountains we had seen. She carried your mother far. Your daughter is right. Your maids need food and respite.

And where is that found? My Master-Big Brother looked around. The woods buzzed. More of those bees were out there.

Sister Martha Ruth fired a blast of wind, throwing one back into a tree where it splattered. The nun's forehead gleamed with sweet.

There is respite in me, said Cali. 

She glowed purple. Her entire body expanded. I gasped as she did. She swelled into something amorphous with dark eyes and a hungry mouth. I jumped back, yelping in fright. She grew bigger until she became... a college made of purple wood.

Holy shit, Izzy gasped. My cousin stared at her. Did she just do that?

The Otherworld, said Martha. The new smart maid nodded. A refuge, Master. There is power radiating off her.

Master Big Brother walked up to the front door of it. He pushed it open and peered inside. His eyes swept around it and his brow furrowed. He looked to the right and the left. He motioned us to follow. I bounded in after him and found a cozy, little cottage.

Sure, everything was purple, but there was a fireplace with a pot on it that had a stew just starting to cook. The floor was covered in comfy blankets and pillows. It was cozy for the twenty-three of us, but that was fine with me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

How safe is this? I asked as the maids piled in, all of them tired. Mrs. Kenning came in last, shutting the door with finality. 

So long as you power me, I can keep the Otherworld at bay. I need energy and fast. Enjoy a maid or two before you eat. Maybe a few after, and that should keep you safe through the night. It is in my contract to provide shelter and succor in the Otherworld.

No one else seemed to hear her, so I passed it along.

Well, Aunt Nancy purred, this hot look in her eyes, Why don't you have a massage? I have two maids who are experts on making sure their clients are thoroughly satiated at the end of their massage.

I glanced outside. My mother was out there, so how could I relax in here? It was safe. Warm. Angela was already checking on the stew, a big smile on her lips as she nodded her head. The other maids were sinking down on the cushions. They were tired. They needed to relax.

Master-Big Brother, Kylie said, coming up to me. You need to relax. Mom is still alive. And we're going to save her, but we need to rest. You need to rest. It's okay. It doesn't make you a bad son. It makes you a man who has to care for us all.

I glanced around at the other maids. They were all chatting with each other, no longer tense. Able to lower their guard. I glanced at the purple walls. At what Cali had made to protect us. Outside was madness. 

Okay, I said.

Good, said Aunt Nancy. She clapped her hands. Ji-Woo and Seo-Yun, help our Master relax.

You relax good, said Ji-Woo, the older of the two Korean masseuses. A MILF who was overflowing her bodice. She unzipped the back of her maid's uniform, her almond-shaped eyes burning with desire. Very good. We best.

Yes, we are, Seo-Yun said, her English unaccented. She was a nubile thing with round breasts and long, black hair. She, too, unzipped her uniform.

My cock twitched at the sight of their naked bodies coming into view. They wore only their stockings, heels, and orange garters. Ji-Woo had such large and soft breasts, her nipples hard and thrusting out before her. A thick bush dripped with her juices. Seo-Yun had firm breasts. She was a few years older than me, with a naughty smile on her lips. She kept her pussy shaved, her twat gleaming with her excitement.

If you would lie down on your back, Master, purred Seo-Yun, we'll get to work on your massage and relax away all your stress.

I nodded and sank onto my back. I felt all the eyes here. The maids were all watching me getting a massage. The room filled with whispers like the rustle of wind through the leafy branch of a tree. A few giggles. 

Kylie sat cross-legged before me, her skirt riding up enough to let me just glimpse her trimmed bush and wet pussy. She had a pleased expression on her face, glad that I was relaxing. I rested my head on my arms and closed my eyes.

Apologies for no oil, Ji-Woo said. But still good. We skilled.

Yes, we are, Seo-Yun purred.

The two maids massaged my back. Their fingers dug into my muscles. I groaned. My eyes opened wide for a moment before they closed. I had never felt anything like their touch. I let out a groan as the strain in my shoulders and upper back vanished.

It was magical having the two Masseuse-Maids rubbing their hands across my back. Their warm touch had me sinking into this relaxed state of bliss. I just wanted to drift away and let them do whatever they wanted to me. It was fantastic to have them touching me like this.

I quivered here as they worked on me. They knew what they were doing, that was for sure. They were driving me wild with their touch. They massaged me in just the most exciting way. I groaned, savoring the delight of their touch.

Damn, I groaned as they worked down my back. Oh, damn, they're perfect, Aunt Nancy.

I knew you would love them, Master, she purred. Every mansion needs at least one maid that knows how to give a massage.

Yes, I breathed at the magic of their fingers working down my back. Oh, yes, that's so true.

I felt so good as those hands massaged me. Ji-Woo and Seo-Yun were amazing. Just outstanding women. They definitely were wonderful. I was so glad that I had brought them along. This was what I needed. All my women needed this.

I should send my maids to recruit at more massage parlors. I could use more maids that

Would end up spending eternity in a wall with me.

I pushed down the thought. What we did was important. A cost, I suppose, for saving the world. But these women didn't get a choice. I didn't get a choice, either. This was thrust on me. I didn't ask to become the Master of Hayward Manor.

No wonder my dad didn't want anything to do with my uncle. He had to know that I was the heir. My uncle never had any sons. My son growing in Bella's womb would have this same burden placed on him. This same weight.

The war is never won. The fight is never over.

Evil could never be eradicated. It would always exist, which meant it had to be confronted and confined. I had seen what these things did in the church. Was sacrificing fifty-six individuals every generation a price worth keeping the world safe?

7.5 odd billion people versus fifty-six.

The math seemed so simple, didn't it? 

First, I had to save my mother. She was the reason I was here. I would save her. I wouldn't let her languish in bondage. I wouldn't let the Seductress win. I would find my mother and destroy this creature that had stolen her.

I closed my eyes, sighing as the hands worked over me. They were down to my buttocks. They massaged my ass, fingers digging into the meat of my rump. I groaned at the strain there. It wasn't sexual at all. It was pure relaxation.

The hands moved to my legs, kneading into my thighs. I had such knots in them. I groaned at the work my two maids did. They were so good at it. They were amazing. My toes curled as I enjoyed their hands working at my thighs.

They released the tension from me as they moved down to my calves.

Yes, I groaned from how good I felt. I didn't know I could feel so amazing without cumming. It was a different sort of bliss. A delicious one I was glad to enjoy.

Last, they reached my feet. I groaned at that. They each had one, lifting them to massage the soles. To work their thumbs into the balls of my feet. The heel. They massaged the top. I almost felt like I was floating.

Damn, I groaned. You two are amazing.

Thank you, Master, Ji-Woo and Seo-Yun purred together. 

They worked all the soreness out of my feet. Their thumbs worked across my soles while their fingers massaged the top. They swept around my ankles, working at the tendons. My toes flexed and curled, twitching as I lay here.

Now, Master, if you could roll over, Seo-Yun said. We'll work on your front. 

Sure, I said and turned over. All my maids were watching. Some of them had stripped naked. Opal and her mother were cuddled together. Sister Martha Ruth had her arm around Ms. Docea while my sister and Tabitha were snuggled up tight and making out. 

And who would you like sitting on your cock and who would you like sitting on your face, Master? asked Seo-Yun.

My dick twitched hard. Did I want bush? Or a shaved twat? I licked my lips. It was a hard choice, but... Seo-Yun, on my face. Ji-Woo, my cock.

Yes, Master, they cooed together.

Ji-Woo straddled me reverse cowgirl. She grabbed my cock and raised my dick up to her thick bush. I groaned at the feel of her curls rubbing against the crown. I shuddered as she lowered herself so her pussy lips kissed the tip.

She swallowed my cock with her hot pussy. She sank down me slowly, taking inch after inch of my dick. I groaned as she did that. She engulfed my rod. I shuddered at how amazing that felt. It was a fantastic delight to enjoy.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's good.

It is, Master, she purred as she bottomed out on me. Yes, is wonderful delight. Love have your cock in me, Master! So amazing. Yes, yes. Such big dick! I love it.

She started massaging my thighs as she sat impaled on my cock while Seo-Yun straddled my head. Her tangy juices filled my nose. I loved the scent of her as she lowered her twat down to my mouth. I licked my lips, hungering for this moment.

She planted her cunt on my mouth. I groaned at how great that felt. I loved it so much. My tongue flicked through her folds. I tongued her cunt, loving the taste of her snatch. She had such a yummy cunt. I licked at her hot folds as she rubbed at my pecs. She massaged my chest as I devoured her cunt.

They massaged me and rode me. What a wonderful pair of Masseuse-Maids I owned.

I licked and lapped at Seo-Yun as she massaged my chest. She moaned, swaying on me as she did that. I flicked my tongue through her folds. I loved the taste of her. I savored the flavor of her cunt. She had such a yummy twat. 

She squirmed on me, her cunt grinding on my face. I loved licking and lapping at her. I flicked my tongue through her folds. I savored feasting on her with everything that I had as Ji-Woo worked her cunt up and down my dick.

The MILF-Maid rode me with passion, her fingers working at my thighs as her cunt massaged my dick. She gave me the best twat-massage in the world. My nuts tightened beneath the pleasure rippling through me.

Damn, I groaned.

Master, she cooed as she rode me. Ooh, Master! Such big dick! Oh, I love big dick!

Yes, you do! groaned Seo-Yun as my tongue thrust into her cunt. I danced it around in her.

I stirred up her cunt as the pleasure built and built in me. The pressure built at the tip of my cock massaged by Ji-Woo's hot twat. Her juicy flesh gripped me as she worked up and down me. She rode me faster and faster, moaning as she did.

I groaned into Seo-Yun's cunt. She squirmed on me as she rubbed at my chest. Her long, black hair swept down her back as she quivered in delight. I watched her ass clenching and relaxing as Ji-Woo rode my cock. Pleasure swept through me. 

Shit, I groaned, the pressure building and building in my nuts. I would have such a huge climax. I would just burst into her cunt. I would flood her twat with everything that I had. Goddamn, that's great!

Yes, Master! Ji-Woo moaned.

Oh, oh, Master! gasped Seo-Yun.

I flicked my tongue around her clit as the ache at the tip of my cock hurtled toward that explosive release. My maid's pussy worked up and down me. She felt amazing. Pleasure rippled through me as I enjoyed the hot massage.

This was fantastic. I felt so relaxed. 

My tongue danced around Seo-Yun's clit as Ji-Woo plunged her pussy down my cock. Her fingers dug into the meat of my thigh as she cried out in rapture. The Korean MILF-Maid's cunt convulsed around my shaft as she came.

Master! she cried, her twat spasming with such passion around my dick, massaging me with such silky heaven.

I groaned around Seo-Yun's clit. I suckled hard on the younger Masseuse-Maid. She squirmed on me as the pressure in my balls swelled toward the bursting point. I groaned, needing to erupt into her snatch. I was so close.

Master Lance! gasped Seo-Yun. Fuck!

Her cunt juices gushed into my mouth. I drowned in her tangy passion as the pressure in my nuts screamed toward their bursting. Ji-Woo's hot twat suckled at me. She hurtled me toward that moment of eruption. 

I exploded in her cunt.

The cabin shuddered. Cali shuddered. My transformed maid drank in the passion while my maids whooped and hollered. They celebrated my cumming in Ji-Woo's pussy. I erupted over and over into her cunt. I flooded her pussy with my spunk as I drowned in tangy pussy cream.

Master! Ji-Woo moaned. 

Oh, yes, yes, Master! gasped Seo-Yun as she squirmed on my face. 

I licked at her tangy cunt as the pleasure swept through me. I trembled through the rapture. My eyes rolled back in my head. I groaned, loving this pleasure so much. It was an incredible rush to have all this bliss shooting through me. 

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned as I pumped more and more of my cum into Ji-Woo's pussy.

Her cunt suckled at me. She massaged me with that hungry cunt. I groaned as I fired blast after blast of my jizz into her snatch. Ecstasy shot through me. I trembled through the pleasure, groaning as I erupted one last time.

Damn, I groaned into Seo-Yun's pussy.

The maids kept squealing and clapping and wolf-whistling around me as the pleasure hit that wonderful peak in me. I suckled in a deep breath. I felt amazing. Just fantastic. My entire body buzzed with this delight. It was perfect. 

Mom... 

I would save her. I would hack my way through this nightmare world and rescue her from the Seductress. Nothing would stop me. Nothing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maria Hayward

My shackles rattled, holding my arms above my head and me against the stone wall. I shuddered as the Seductress nursed from me. She gulped down my breast milk. She swallowed every drop she could. The pleasure washed through me. My pussy dripped with such excitement.

Yes, I whimpered, my eyes flicking up to the swirl of colors dancing over me. The mix of hues like a psychedelic trip. A blending of the real and the surreal. A universe the tangible and the ephemeral. Mmm...

I felt so good as the Seductress nursed from me. She gulped down my milk with hunger. My nipple burst with delight. Her sharp teeth grazed my nub, almost prickling it but not quite biting me. I shuddered at what she did to me. I felt so dizzy from it. 

She popped her mouth off my nub and stared me in the eyes. Her tongue licked my lips. I groaned and kissed her, tasting the creamy sweetness of my breast milk on her lips. I whimpered against her, my body trembling.

Soon, I'll be strong enough to kill Father, the Seductress purred. I have a Hayward body. I can take the Hayward power. Thank you, Mother.

She ducked her head back down and suckled from my other nipple. I moaned in delight, savoring this pleasure even as I knew this was so wrong. My son was in danger, but I didn't care. I just wanted more pleasure. My pussy burned.

Please! I moaned like a wanton bitch. 

To be continued...
