A Very Public Breakup
by Timeris

Rachel was done with her controlling boyfriend.

"It's a shame you couldn't make Dan's party on Friday. Rachel made it an epic night!" Connie said, barely concealing a smirk.

"What do you mean?"

"Let's just say she's back on the dating scene. That's all I'm saying."

"Oh come on, you can't leave it like that, what happened?"

"I guess Brett was having a bad day, because he said something to her, and the next thing you know, she pulled off her dress and threw it at him. I don't think I've ever seen that asshole shut up so fast."

"You're joking right?"

"I have proof right here." Connie said, scrolling through the pictures on her phone.

Morgan and Claire looked at the images of their friend, naked except a pair of heels, yelling at her soon-to-be-ex-boyfriend.

"Wow! If I hadn't seen it, I wouldn't believe you." Morgan said. "Nice tits, though."

Rachel walked over to join them, pretending not to react to the gossiping happening between her friends.

"Hi everyone."

Connie quickly took the phone back, but not before Rachel saw the picture on the screen.

Rachel leaned over and said "Oh, can I see those? I didn't get much chance in the moment last night."

Connie turned her head to an eyeful as Rachel's loose dress fell away from her body, revealing an unbroken expanse of skin from her neckline to her toes. She blushed, and with a somewhat shamefaced smile, passed her phone to her friend.

Rachel sat down in an empty chair and began swiping through the photos. She couldn't help but feel a twinge of excitement, as she remembered the events of the previous night.

*****

Her short relationship with Brett was now over. While he enjoyed showing her off, which she liked, he was more interested in shaming her, which she really didn't. He'd practically begged her to wear the dress he'd picked out, something so skimpy that a bra was out of the question. What he hadn't realized, is that she decided to surprise him by wearing nothing but the dress and some shoes. When he'd turned nasty in front of everyone at the party, she'd just had enough.

"Did you have to be such a worthless slut? That dress makes you look like a whore!" Brett said, a note of sneering contempt in his voice.

"Which is it, slut or whore? Either is preferable to your company. We're done, you asshole."

The look of anger on his face grew, and he retorted "Fine! I want everything back I've ever given you!"

"Well that doesn't include any orgasms, so there's that. Here, start with this. Let everyone see what you're losing." She pulled the dress over her head, and threw it in his face.

He went white with shock, as the crowd noticed and reacted to her proudly naked body. He glowered at her, took the dress, and stormed out, leaving her naked in the crowd.

*****

Connie had been in a good place to capture the scene, and she'd even recorded video.

"Can you send these to me?"

"Sure... I mean, you're taking this awfully well..."

"We weren't together that long, and while he was amusing at first, he really was an asshole."

"Well, if there's anything we can do..." Connie replied.

Morgan and Claire chimed in, expressing the same sentiment.

"Thanks all of you, I'll let you know."

"I still can't believe you stayed at the party!"

*****

Rachel stood there, watching Brett storm off with her only item of clothing. Some would expect that she felt a twinge of regret, but in fact, this was a moment she'd fantasized about for a long time. She briefly thought about just calling a cab and escaping, but again, there was something exhilarating about the attention she was receiving. She could see phones flashing all around her, and knew it was already too late, and that this would be all over the internet by now.

She took her small clutch containing her keys, wallet, and phone, and walked to the bar, smiling and exuding a level of confidence she could just barely feel. She swayed her hips in an exaggerated motion, and was rewarded with some whistles and cheers behind her.

*****

"It was already too late at that point. Do you want to hear a confession?"

"Sure, what?"

"I enjoyed every second of it."

"No way." Morgan exclaimed.

"Absolutely. It was the most exciting thing I've ever done. Perhaps Brett was right, maybe I AM a slut."

*****

Her voice was slightly shaky as she ordered a Manhattan, but the bartender was too busy grinning as he admired his naked customer to notice.

She smiled at the handsome guy standing at the bar, who smiled back.

"Can I offer you my jacket?" he said.

"Are you sure?"

"Not really, it would spoil the amazing view everyone is enjoying right now. It's yours if you want it though."

Her stomach gave a nervous twinge, and in a brief moment of insanity, she made up her mind.

"Thank you, but no, it's quite warm in here."

"It's yours if you have a change of heart."

"Thanks again, you're a true gentleman."

"I disagree on that, otherwise I wouldn't be so happy you turned down my offer."

She laughed.

"I'm Rachel."

"Tim. An absolute pleasure to meet you."

*****

"I've known you forever, you're not a slut!" Claire said.

"Well, a hot guy offered me his jacket within two minutes, and I turned him down."

"I would never have the guts to do what you did, and I watched the whole thing." Connie said in a wistful tone.

"Why not? You're a beautiful woman and one of the most confident people I know." Rachel replied. "I'll tell you what, I bet you could do something right now that would be almost as exciting. In fact, all of you should do it."

"What are you talking about? I'm not getting naked in public! Claire said.

"How about you all start small? Three pairs of panties on the table would be a great start! I'm sure the server will get a thrill from it."

"What about you? That doesn't seem fair!" Morgan said.

"Not wearing any. No bra either. I'll tell you what, if the three of you reach under your dresses, take off your panties, and place them in the middle of the table, I'll prove it right here."

The three women looked at each other, trying see how likely the others were to participate.

Morgan took a deep breath, lifted her butt from the chair, hooked a thumb on either side of her panties, and drew them down to her knees. With a nervous grin, she leaned down, and completely removed them. She twirled the black, lacy thong on her finger, and tossed them to the center of the table, where the small piece of fabric hung on the catsup bottle. "I want her to prove it."

Connie laughed, "those barely count as panties!" and quickly followed suit, leaving Claire sitting there with a crestfallen look on her face. "I don't know if I can. This is scaring the hell out of me."

"I'm sure Morgan will help. Why don't you get up and stand by her?" Connie said with a studied neutral expression on her face.

*****

Rachel thought back to her first experience being naked in public. Her college roommate, a pretty, mischievous blonde girl named Callie convinced her that nobody wore anything but towels to the communal showers.

"You don't want to stand out as a prude do you?"

"No..."

The girl stripped down and wrapped a bath towel around her body. Reluctantly, because she was still self conscious about her body, she followed suit. She realized that her own towel seemed much smaller than her roommate's and it barely reached below the curve of her buttocks. She tied it as low as she could, deciding some cleavage was preferable to her butt hanging out for everyone to see.

They both left the dorm room, heading to the far end of the floor where the showers were. Rachel clutched at the knot holding the towel to her body as if her life depended on it.

When they were done showering, Callie stood there, casually nude and drying her hair and appraising her shy roommate's naked body.

"Hey, I have an idea."

Oh no... Rachel thought.

"Let's leave the towels here and streak back to the room!"

"Oh god no!"

"It'll be fun, trust me!"

"No way."

They left the shower room, and suddenly Callie yanked the towel from her body, while simultaneously pulling Rachel's off of her. She began yelling and banging on doors as she ran down the hall toward their room. Doors began to open, and to Rachels horror, Callie reached their dorm, and slammed it shut behind her. Naked in the hallway, she heard the lock click shut, and the sound of laughter from within the room.

*****

Claire, smiled weakly, stood up and walked unsteadily to stand by Morgan's chair.

"Morgan, why don't you be a friend, and help Claire out?"

Morgan looked around, then looked up at Claire with a smile on her face. "Come a little closer, honey."

Claire took a small step forward, and faced Morgan. She gave a little start when she felt fingers brushing her legs and moving under her sun dress. She moaned softly when she felt Morgan's fingers hook into the waistband of her panties, and gasped out loud when she felt them slipping off her buttocks, and falling down to her knees.

"Hold on a second, Morgan." Connie said. She took her phone, and took a picture of Claire and her half-removed undergarment.

Morgan continued until the panties were around Claire's ankles, and directed her to lift each foot as she pulled them over her sandals. She dangled the little white thong on her finger. "That wasn't so bad, was it?"

Claire sat down, staring at her panties in Morgan's hand and said "I guess not."

"In fact, I'm impressed at your sexy little panties. I didn't expect that. If you ever need help with that again, let me know..." Morgan replied in a soft voice.

"I think we need our proof now, Rachel."

Rachel grinned, and stood up. "Don't blame me if we get kicked out of here then."

She leaned over, and grabbed the hem of her dress in both hands, and in a swift motion, lifted it until it was above her firm 36C breasts.

Connie clapped and made a twirling gesture with her hand, so everyone could get the benefit of all sides. Rachel completed the turn and let the loose sun dress fall back down. The restaurant patio wasn't very crowded, but she was sure she'd made an impression.

She gave a small curtsy, and sat back down.

"So, I want to get your dress off next." Connie said with a smirk.

"Okay, but I'm going to need more from you all before I do something like that! I think your bras should join the pile."

Morgan said "Not wearing one!" and pointed her fingers at her rock hard nipples poking through her tight grey dress.

"That waiter is going to have a really great tip!" Rachel said.

"Especially if we get you naked!" Connie said, while slipping her bra through the armhole of her camisole top. It soon joined the pile, and everyone looked expectantly at Claire.

"I'm not taking my bra off here."

"Okay, you can take it off in the restroom, but there's a catch."

"Okay... what catch?"

"You need to flash what's under your skirt when you get back."

"Really?"

"Connie already did it, and Rachel is about to get naked. It's only fair. Come on, I'll help you out." Morgan said, standing up and gently pulling Claire to her feet.

"Connie, I can't believe what a bad influence you are." Rachel said. She felt the excitement building, knowing she was going to be naked in front of a crowd for the second time that weekend.

"I'm just trying to liven things up. Claire especially needs to loosen up a bit. Besides, it's obvious she wants to do it, even if she has to to be nudged along."

"True, and who thought that Morgan would get her to do it.?"

*****

Morgan led Claire to the restroom, not quite sure how to interpret her feelings. She felt very conscious of the fact that all she was wearing was the dress, even if nothing was showing.

They got to the restroom, and it was empty. Morgan decided to see how far she could get Claire to go.

"All right, now take off the dress first."

"What?"

"Just do it. It'll make removing your bra easier."

Claire looked nervously at the door. "What if someone comes in?"

"Go into that stall and do it."

Claire nodded, closed the stall door and started to latch it shut.

"Don't lock it. It'll be more fun that way."

Claire closed the stall door and lifted the dress over her head, leaving her standing there in a bra. The fact that it was a public restroom hit her, and she suddenly shuddered in fear. She yelped when the stall door opened, and Morgan stood there. Claire instinctively covered herself with the dress

"Give it to me."

She felt a desire to comply come over her, and realized that she found it arousing. She dropped her eyes, and held out the dress to Morgan.

"Now the bra."

She unhooked the bra, and slipped it off. Her pink nipples were hard as rocks as she handed her last remaining item of clothing to her friend.

Morgan looked at her friend, and admired the view. They were a study of contrasts, in that Claire was a few inches taller than her own 5'5" -- also had a slightly fuller figure. Her skin was pale, and it was easy to tell she was a natural blond, as her mound was covered with a well trimmed, but fairly full bush. Morgan on the other hand, had a fairly slender, athletic figure, and her long dark hair and tanned skin her entire body was completely hairless, thanks to a laser hair removal she'd treated herself to some time ago.

"All right, come out of there. I want to take a picture for Rachel and Connie."

Morgan draped the bra and dress over the stall door, and gestured for Claire to come out.

Claire trembled in fear and excitement, trying to cover herself as she did what she was told.

"I'll tell you what, let's make the picture even more interesting." She lifted the dress over her head, and put it in the same place as Claire's. She led her over to the mirror, and put her arm around her friend's waist. She felt Claire do the same, and the both smiled as she took the picture. She sent it to both their friends.

"You know, let's really shake it up and trade dresses!" She took Claire's sun dress and pulled it on. It was slightly big on her and her smaller breasts didn't quite fill out as much of the top. The arm holes let in a noticeable view of the sides of her breast. Because of Claire's height, the dress fell down to her calves. She reached down, and unbuttoned enough of the bottom buttons so that a split opened well above her knees.

"What do you think?"

"It looks great on you." Claire looked at Morgan's dress, realizing the stretchy material would cling to every inch of her body. Nobody would doubt her current "commando" state. The grey material did little to hide her nipples, and to her consternation, the dress was short enough that she would need to be very careful when sitting.

"You look incredible right now, Claire. In fact, I think that dress looks even better on you!"

"You think so?"

"Without a doubt." Morgan replied, stuffing Claire's bra into her purse.

*****

Connie nodded to Rachel as their friends returned to the table. They both admired the exaggerated sway of Claire's 36D breasts, with nipples sticking out like pencil erasers.

"I do think our friend Claire has been keeping secrets from us!"

"It must have taken a lot of effort to keep those babies in check..."

Rachel's phone buzzed, followed a second later by Connie's. They both looked at the text message they'd received and grinned at the bathroom selfie.

They looked up as Claire and Morgan reached the table. Connie cocked her head sideways and said "I see you both got a little creative. Claire, that dress was made for you."

"Now give them a peek." Morgan said.

Claire glanced around and lifted the front of the tight dress, exposing her blond muff for a second, before quickly lowering it again.

"Hang on a second, I didn't catch that!" Connie said. "How about longer than a half second?"

Claire sighed, and pulled her dress up again, counting to thirty before lowering it again.

Morgan turned to Rachel. "I guess it's your turn now."

Rachel stood up and pulled off the sun dress. She carefully folded it, and placed it in the middle of the table with the her friends' underclothes. She sat down, enjoying the attention as the hostess rushed over to their table.

*****

The next time someone else exposed her was at Mardi Gras in New Orleans, in her junior year. A lot of drinks, and a lot of encouragement, and soon she was flashing her breasts to anyone who asked. When a group of frat boys drunkenly asked for her panties, she barely hesitated. Her boyfriend stood behind her, his armed wrapped around and pulling up the front of her denim mini skirt to the delight of the crowd. She never felt wetter.

Ten minutes later she was giving him an enthusiastic blowjob in an alley in the French Quarter, her tube top lost somewhere along the way. By the time they got back to the hotel, she had so many beads around her neck, it was hard to tell she was otherwise topless.

He took her from behind on the hotel balcony, slamming into her sex as the plastic beads hit the railing with a clatter. Men in the crowd below threw more up to her, and she climaxed as her boyfriend shot copious amounts of semen across her back and buttocks.

She was addicted to the attention by the end of the vacation. Unfortunately, the boyfriend wasn't. They broke up soon after.

*****

"Miss! Please, you can't do that here!" The hostess said in an urgent voice, doing her best to block the view from the other patrons.

Rachel turned to her friends. "Is that good enough? Should I get dressed again?"

Connie looked thoughtful. "I don't think so. I think we're done here, right?"

The four friends reached into their purses and paid the bill, leaving a substantial tip.

"Miss, you're causing a scene!"

"I hope so, but we're leaving now."

Rachel turned to Connie and asked, "Could you grab my dress? I don't want to lose it."

"Sure."

Connie picked up the dress, but ignored the three pairs of panties sitting on the table. The other two women stood up and joined their friends as they left the restaurant patio for the parking lot.

Rachel stood naked at her car, listening to her friends enthuse about how daring she was. She loved this feeling, slightly out of control, fully exposed, and the total center of attention

She thought back to the night before, and how the handsome man at the bar seemed genuinely willing to play into her exposure, realizing she was enjoying it. She made a decision.

"Connie, I want you to do me a favor..."

*****

Rachel watched Connie's car drive off, and a few moments later, she realized she was fully committed. She stood naked in the shade of a tree at the edge of the parking lot, without a single item on her. Both Claire and Morgan had hugged ehr and left, and Connie was headed to her house with all her possessions.

She'd left a voicemail and a text for Tim, the second including a picture of her predicament. When she'd hung up, she'd handed it and her purse to Connie, who enthusiastically participated in her plan.

She only hoped that Tim got the message and was willing to come rescue her before too long.

*****

Tim looked down at his phone, not sure whether to believe what he was seeing. He was expecting a message offering to return his sport coat from last night, not an invitation to participate in another round. He looked at the time, and realized the call had come through twenty minutes before, and it would take him at least twenty minutes go get to the restaurant. He laughed, and decided to wait ten minutes before he left, just to extend the beautiful exhibitionist's dilemma.

*****

Claire sat in her car, watching her naked and vulnerable friend pace along the quiet corner of the parking lot. She was pretty sure that Rachel hadn't noticed her staying behind. She was both worried for Rachel's safety, and desperately curious about the outcome.

Morgan's tight dress rode up her wider hips, exposing her soaking slit. The fingers of her left hand caressed her clitoris, providing a steady wave of pleasure as she watched the scene unfold before her. Her other hand held her phone, and she held it up to capture a video of Rachel's exposure.

She turned the camera to her face for a moment then tracked the lens down to what she was doing to herself.

"I just wanted to share your moment, Rachel..."

*****

Tim pulled into the parking lot, looking around. She spotted Rachel standing near a tree at the back of the lot. Rather than pulling up next to her, he honked his horn, then pulled into a spot right up at the front, in full view of the restaurant and the street.

He got out of the car, and stood up, gesturing her over, grinning the whole time.

*****

Rachel had to laugh. She wasn't trying to be discreet, but she didn't quite expect him to park all the way across the lot from her.

Asshole... She thought, not really mad, but liking him even more. She started walking toward him, making no attempt to hide her nakedness.

She walked up to him, and stood with her hands on her hips. "Thanks for helping me out again."

"I would say we should stop meeting like this, but I'm really enjoying the view."

"I have your jacket at home, unfortunately, my friends seem to have left me stranded. Could I get a ride?"

"I would love to."

She snickered at the double entendre, and asked "You don't happen to have something I could throw on, do you?"

"No, I seem to be all out."

Tim walked around to the passenger door and ostentatiously opened it for her. She grinned at him and sat in the car. He walked back around and got back in, starting the car. "Where are we going?"

She gave him her address, and he left the parking lot. She was a little confused when he turned in the opposite direction of her house.

"Are you sure you know where you're going? I live the opposite way."

"Oh I know, but I wanted to do an errand first."

"With a naked girl in your car?"

"Why not? It won't take long."

Rachel shrugged and went along for the ride.

*****

Claire put down the phone, and watched Rachel and Tim drive off. She had been edging for the whole time, the tantalizing feeling just short of an orgasm. With Rachel no longer there, she decided to pull the tight dress to her waist, leaving her lower body exposed as she headed home.

This is contagious... she thought.

*****

Tim drove slowly, with an occasional admiring glance at his naked companion.

"Do you do this often?"

"Not as often as I want, but much more than anyone I've ever met. Does it bother you?"

"Not at all. Nobody is forcing you. I can't help but enjoy this, either. I'm not going to complain about a beautiful naked woman."

Rachel smiled at the compliment. "Where are we going?"

"Oh, I need gas, maybe something for dinner."

She felt a flutter in her belly. "I am really good at pumping gas."

"Oh? Would you mind?"

*****

Tim handed her a twenty dollar bill. She got out of the car, and walked to the booth with the attendant. The young man did a double take and nodded absently to her request for "Twenty on pump 4."

She could feel his eyes on her bare buttocks as she walked back to the car, so she added a small sway to her hips. She made sure to stand where he could see her while she filled the tank.

"I think you made his night. No, I think his week."

"I don't know. If you look on the internet, this happens more than you think."

"Well, I don't think he minded."

*****

Tim pulled into the butcher shop's parking lot. "How about a couple of nice ribeyes?"

He handed her some money, and sent her into the butcher shop. The frigid air hit her immediately, raising goosebumps all across her skin, and hardening her nipples to the point they nearly hurt.

The man behind the counter turned in surprise at the naked woman in his store.

"Is everything all right, miss?"

"Absolutely. Could you help me pick out a couple of nice steaks?"

He nodded dumbly, not sure quite how to react to the novel situation. He fell back on his routine, and moved along the high glass case to a selection of premium steaks.

"Do any of these look okay?"

"Oh, I'm no expert, can you pick a couple out?"

He leaned over and opened the sliding door, reaching in. He looked up, and realized that her hairless mound was nicely framed in the window. It took him a moment to stir himself out of his reverie, and then he picked two ribeye steaks for his naked customer.

He stood up and dealt with weighing and wrapping up her purchase. He handed them to her, and said, "No charge, Miss."

"Oh no, I insist," holding up a hundred dollar bill. She moved down the counter to the register, and stood there with a big smile on her face. He rang her up, and handed her some change and the bag containing the steaks.

"Have a great evening, miss! You've already made mine."

"Oh you're too kind. Thanks for the help."

She turned away from him and slowly walked back to the car. As soon as she left the shop, the warm air hit her with a shock after the intense air conditioning.

She got into the car and showed Tim the bag. "These should be pretty tasty. I've never seen someone take such care picking them out."

Tim laughed and pulled out of the parking lot.

*****

The finally arrived at her house in the late afternoon. Rachel realized she'd now been naked since lunch and most of it in the presence of the handsome man driving the car. They'd made additional stops for other items for dinner, and he'd probably covered most of the town driving with his naked companion. She'd been seen by a multitude of people, and was basking in the glow of all the attention.

He parked at the curb, rather in her driveway, and came around to open her door. He took the shopping bags from the trunk as she walked to her porch, where Connie was supposed to leave her things. She got to her front door to find her purse, but no dress.

Her mischievous friend left her a note:

Hi Rachel,
Thought I'd wash the dress before returning it. Oh, and the key is in your mailbox.

Have fun!

Love,

C.

She smiled at her friend, and walked down to her mailbox. So much for being discrete with the neighbors. She passed Tim carrying the bags up to the front door.

"Be right there, Connie is a joker."

She opened the mailbox, taking her house keys from within and walked back to the front porch, hurrying to hold it open for Tim. She stepped in, and unlocked the front door.

"Where's the kitchen?"

"That way." She pointed, taking a couple of bags from him. They set them down on the counter and she turned to him and leaned in. She found her hand reaching for the zipper to his jeans as his hand held the back of her head to bring her in for a kiss.

She lowered the zipper, and undid the button, now using both hands to tug at the waist of his jeans. She broke away from the kiss, and lowered herself to her knees on the cool tiles of the kitchen floor. She took his hardening member in her mouth, feeling it pulse as it grew. She sucked on him, cupping his scrotum with one hand while pumping his member with the other, until she felt the warm splash of semen hit the back of her throat. She swallowed greedily, gasping at the quantity filling her mouth.

His hands caressed her hair as she looked up and wiped the semen leaking on her chin.

"Wow. I didn't expect that. Sorry."

"For what? That was amazing. I wanted to taste you all afternoon."

She helped him out of the rest of his clothes, and led him to the living room. In moments, she felt the stubble of his face on her inner thighs, as returned the favor to her. Soon he was hard again, and she sat him on the couch. She lowered herself onto his penis gasping as he entered her. She began to slowly ride him and felt his hands on her full breasts. Her tempo increased and she felt the warmth of him filling her with another, albeit smaller, ejaculation. She lowered herself onto his chest, their sweat mingling as they both gasped for breath.

"I think this is the start of something interesting." She whispered. She desperately hoped she had finally found someone who understood her.

"I hope so. I plan to get you naked as often as possible."

"Deal. How about dinner now?"

