Girlfriend Turned into Stripper
by mikewozere

Dave hypnotises girlfriend to strip on cue.

Dave was a psychology student, Fiona was his fiancee, a student at the same university, but studying sociology. He had always fantasised about other men seeing her naked, but had never had the opportunity to expose her. Then he had a brilliant idea: instead of trying to expose her 'accidentally', why not get her to expose herself, using hypnotism? This was a subject he'd been studying recently, and was eager to give it a try, although he didn't imagine it working - Fiona was very shy and modest when it came to her body. For instance, she would never wear a bikini, only a one-piece swimsuit.

Fiona reluctantly agreed to be his guinea pig for his studies into hypnotism, but only on the understanding that he didn't make her do anything stupid. She relaxed on the couch and Dave began.

She seemed to be a very good subject, and after only a short while Dave was convinced that she was hypnotised, but to be sure, he instructed her to change into her leotard, and step into the gym for five minutes' stretching exercises. In reality, her leotard he passed to her was imaginary, and the gym was their back garden. He couldn't believe it when she casually walked to the back door, opened it, and stepped out into the garden, naked as a jaybird.

Watching through the large kitchen window, Dave watched Fiona continue to walk casually up the central garden path, with lawn either side of it. Over a low fence separating the two properties, he saw their next-door neighbour on the right side, Doug, working in his garden, as he often did. Doug's mouth dropped as he spotted his stark naked neighbour. Dave knew that had she been conscious, Fiona would have been mortified that Doug had seen her in any state of undress, least of all nude - she'd been involved in a long-running dispute with the "cantankerous old git" as she called him, about her parking her car with the tyre slightly over his dropped curb.

Dave followed Fiona, and guided her back towards the house. As she complied, he went to have a word with his elderly neighbour, who had his mobile phone blatantly pointing at Fiona, recording her for viewing later. Dave explained that Fiona often sleepwalked, and had been taking a nap.

"You will delete that, won't you?" Dave asked, in a tone that implied he knew he wouldn't.

"Oh, yes. Of course." Doug winked. Dave knew he'd also most likely share it with two other old guys who lived in their street that he regularly socialised with.

Dave followed Fiona back into the house, and instructed her to change back into the normal clothes before seating her back on the sofa. He then proceeded with his plan; in a calm, steady voice, he said "Now, Fiona, whenever I say the phrase IT'S YOUR TURN NOW, wherever you are, you are to perform a striptease for whoever I indicate. Do you understand?".

"Yes" Fiona replied in a soft, monotonous voice.

"Good. And what do you do on hearing the phrase?"

"Take off my clothes."

"That's right. Repeat the phrase to me now,"

"It's your turn now," she responded.

"Very good! Only when you hear the phrase YOUR TURN'S OVER NOW are you to stop being a stripper. Then you must put all of your clothes back on and forget all about your strip. Clear?"

"Clear." Fiona repeated in the same voice.

Dave implanted one last suggestion in Fiona's mind - that she would not consciously remember anything about his instructions afterwards, then bought her back out of her trance.

"I think I must be doing something wrong," Dave said, pretending that he'd not been able to put her under. Luckily, she didn't realise that over half an hour had passed since they started.

"Never mind," Fiona replied. "I just don't think I can be hypnotised. Maybe you should have a go using someone more impressionable."

"Yeah, you're probably right," Dave agreed, suppressing his amusement.

After that day, Dave bided his time, waiting for the opportunity to put his plan into action. It was a turn-on to know that whenever they went out, and wherever they went, he could (hopefully) get her to strip.

One Friday, about five weeks after the hypnotism, Dave and Fiona enjoyed drive out of town for the day. After spending the day walking around shops, hiring a boat out on the river, and so on, they decided to pop into a pub for a drink before setting off home. Inside the pub a stag party appeared to be underway, with a large area of the floor space being occupied by a group of around fifteen men in high spirits, mainly in their mid-twenties, but a couple in their late teens, and a few much older; over fifty Dave guessed.

Fiona was wearing a fairly short skirt, with bare legs, and attracted the attention of a few of them as she and Dave passed them. "Hey Steve, your stripper's arrived!" one of the older gents joked loudly, patting the future groom on the back. Laughter and whistling ensued. Fiona blushed, but the pair just ignored the teasing. She told Dave she didn't want to stay. But the sexual harassment directed at Fiona made Dave think that this might be the time to try out his plan.

"Look, we're at the bar now. Let's just stay for one drink and then go. OK?" Dave suggested.

"Alright, just the one," Fiona agreed.

"Why not go and sit at that table?" said Dave, pointing at a round table in the corner.

Dave ordered their drinks and carried them over to the table. The men's attention was no longer on Fiona. Dave sat down opposite her and as she sipped her gin and tonic. He looked into her eyes and gently spoke the words "IT'S YOUR TURN NOW".

Fiona looked at him blankly, and at first he thought it hadn't worked, but when she did nothing, he realised that she was awaiting a target.

"That man there." Dave said. "He's called Steve." he indicated the man in his early twenties who was getting married.

To Dave's amazement (and excitement), Fiona rose from her chair and casually walked over to the group.

"Changed your mind, have you love?" one of the men said. But Fiona ignored him and just began unbuttoning her blouse.

The group watched intently as more and more of her lacy, white bra appeared, until she reached the last button, and thrust the blouse off her shoulders and let it slide down her arms.

The group whistled and catcalled as Fiona pulled her blouse free of her hands and tossed it behind her. She brushed herself up against Steve, took one of his hands, and placed it into her cleavage. The others chanted "Go for it Stevie!", but were wondering what was going on, (no one had arranged for a stripper), and few looked in Dave's direction.

Dave decided he should make it look like she was trying to humiliate him, or something - that they'd fallen out. He stood up and walked closer to them.

"OK Fiona, you've made your point, now put your top back on." He picked up the blouse and offered it to her. But Fiona ignored him (he hadn't said the magic phrase), and unzipped her skirt at the back.

As the skirt slipped to the floor, one of the men said to Dave: "Let her strip if she wants, we don't mind, do we lads?"

"You keep going, Fi. You've got a cracking body - shame to keep it covered." said another.

Dave faked frustration at her 'disobedience' and said "Fi! Cover yourself up!"
Steve moved his hand inside Fiona's bra and pulled down the left cup, exposing her nipple.

"Get your hands off her!" Dave ordered Steve.

"Make me!" retorted Steve, and exposed the whole of her left breast. Dave backed off a little. His aim wasn't to get into a fight.

At this point, the landlord shouted from behind the bar: "Hey - young lady, this is the family section. Into the back room for the rest of the show please," clearly under the impression that she was just a stripper (understandable as she had a tit out). Fiona didn't respond to the order, but instead unclasped her bra at the back and tossed it in Dave's direction. He picked it up.

Both of Fiona's breasts were now on public display, and Dave couldn't believe his plan was working so well. His fiancee was now topless, standing before a large group of horny men wearing just a pair of white, skimpy knickers and high-heeled shoes.

"As soon as she's dropped her knickers and shown everything I'll give her the phrase to dress," he thought to himself.

But the landlord wasn't impressed at being ignored, and shouted: "Lads - get that tart into the back!"

They didn't need telling twice, Fiona was swept off her feet by several of the stags (including one of the older gentlemen, who supported her right thigh), and carried feet first through the bar. Her skirt remained on the carpet.

The entire stag group, as well as some men not even with the party, accompanied Fiona as she was carried into a dingy back room where a group of five bikers and two of their girlfriends were playing pool. The bikers weren't at all bothered about their game when they saw what the entertainment was.

"Here, stick her on the table," one of them said as he pushed the remaining balls into the pockets.

Dave picked up Fiona's skirt, and collected her handbag from their table, then followed the crowd. Separated from his near naked girlfriend, he was wary that he was losing control of the situation. The entrance to the back room was blocked by horny men eager to see the show, and he had no choice but to join the queue to get in. No one paid him any attention now.

Eventually he made it inside; the room was heaving with onlookers. Standing on tiptoe to peer over the shoulders of the other men, he couldn't see Fiona herself, lying as she was on the pool table, but could see one of her bare legs, with its high-heel shoe, protruding out to one side.

Dave was wondering when they were going to allow her to stand up and finish her strip, when something white on the floor caught his eye. With dismay, Dave recognised Fiona's knickers! He realised the men must have removed them as they were carrying her in. Looking over to the other side of the pool table he saw Fiona's other leg and realised that she had been spread-eagled on the pool table!

Dave shouted: "Fi - YOUR TURN'S OVER NOW!!", but the noise level was very high and she didn't hear. He decided he needed to get closer, and began to barge his way through the crowd. He noticed that a few onlookers were taking photos and video footage of his fiancee's debasement.

"Hey! We're all trying to get a look! Wait your turn!" another man shouted at him, unaware he was the girl's boyfriend.

Fiona, meanwhile was still in her 'stripper' mode. Although her arms were pinned to the pool table, and her legs held apart as the men ogled her genitals, she didn't struggle or attempt to escape. She just lay there in a trance. It wasn't long before looking turned to touching, as a couple of men began groping her breasts and feeling her crotch.

Soon hands were all over Fiona's body. One of the bikers went a stage further and actually slid a middle finger into her vagina. At this point Dave managed to get right up to the pool table and saw Fiona being violated. He shouted the phrase close to Fiona's head and got an immediate reaction. She began looking round for her clothes, but being unable to move, began to emerge from her hypnotic state.

As Fiona returned to consciousness she became aware of a bright light above her and lots of noise all around her. Then it hit her that she was stark naked and spread out, being molested by lots of hands. She became especially aware that someone was inside her. She screamed.

The hairy biker withdrew his finger from her slit and said teasingly: "Oh, you like that, do you?"

Then he clambered up onto the pool table with Fiona. Kneeling between her spread thighs he unbuckled his jeans, and pushed them down as far as his knees, revealing his large erect penis. The others, including the two girls, cheered him on as he guided it towards Fiona's exposed sex.

Fiona screamed: "NO! NO! Let me go! Please!"

Dave stood wondering what he should do as the biker forced his cock into his fiancee. Fiona continued to scream as the large biker thrust himself back and forth inside her. It didn't take long before he shot his load, and she felt his come filling her cavity.

The biker withdrew his cock and his come trickled out of her gaping slit and onto the green baize. None of the other men fancied taking his place on top of Fiona, and she was released from their grip. She jumped down from the pool table and pushed her way through the throng, ran crying into the female toilet and locked herself in a cubicle.

Dave followed her and passed her clothes to her over the top. She said she could remember stripping, but couldn't say why she'd done it. Luckily, she'd forgotten all about Dave hypnosis experiment. Dave told her he'd tried to stop her from stripping, and stop them from molesting her, but had been outnumbered.

"You mean raped, don't you?" Fiona shouted at him. "That man raped me!"

Once Fiona was dressed, the couple made a hasty exit from the pub, to their car. Dave tried to dissuade her, but Fiona insisted on going to the police. Although they interviewed those present during her performance, they decided there were no grounds for prosecution, mainly due to the fact that everyone had reported that Fiona had been a willing participant throughout.

Dave and Fiona were married the following year. Luckily for Dave she never realised that she had him to blame for what had happened to her. She couldn't understand what had possessed her to do what she'd done. Dave suggested it may be a suppressed desire to expose herself, brought on by stress of the upcoming exams, and that she'd probably got it out of her system, and was unlikely to repeat it.
