When they reached their hotel, the first thing Watson was struck by was the sheer extravagance. They had travelled in the past as cases required, but Holmes had always considered proximity to their suspect more important than personal comfort. Holmes led the way into their hotel room, barely glancing around the extravogant interior before he turned to the maid and began barking orders in French. Lestrade and Watson both stood, dumbfounded, as the girl hurried from the room and Holmes immediately prepared to leave once more.

"Wait!" Watson said. "What's going on? Where are you going?"

Holmes turned to smile at them, "We are ready to tighten our net. I am making arrangements." With that, he was gone. Lestrade grumbled behind him.

They turned and carefully examined the rooms. They were in a large sitting room, a fireplace at the far end burning merrily. Watson opened the door nearest him, as Lestrade crossed to the other side and opened the one he found there.

"Wash room," Watson called over his shoulder. Lestrade didn't respond. It was a large wash room, like everything else, he noted wryly. The tub had pipes leading up to it; he crossed to it and examined it excitedly. Trust Holmes to pick the most up-to-date hotel in all of Paris. "Lestrade," he called over his shoulder as he spun the tap and hot water rushed out. "Lestrade?" Frowning, he turned the water off and crossed the sitting room.

Lestrade was looking around a rather large bedroom, with a settee in front of a bay window overlooking the city, and a large canopy bed in the center of the room.

One bed.

"There must've been some mistake," Lestrade suggested.

Watson sighed. "It's likely they'll be able to move us. Holmes will have to ask, whenever he decides to return."

Lestrade nodded absently and collapsed on the far side of the bed with a yawn. He groaned and rolled onto his stomach, settling in with a smile on his face. "Hopefully all their beds are this comfortable," he said. Watson walked to the other side and laid down as well. He had to agree, he thought as he sank into the bed. In a matter of minutes he was asleep.

The bed dipping in the center awoke him, and he had just long enough to realize darkness had fallen when a warmth at his side drew his attention. He turned to see Holmes, eyes bright and smiling, settling inbetween them. Watson rolled toward him onto his side.

"We'll have him within a day's time," Holmes said, his cheeks flushed slightly in excitement. Watson felt his mouth go dry. On Holmes' other side, Lestrade stretched and propped himself up on his elbows.

"Are you going to tell us what's going on, then?" he asked with a yawn. Holmes made a soft noise in response and slid a hand inside the neck of Lestrade's shirt where it had fallen forward. Watson couldn't help but lean closer to watch those long fingers trailing over skin. Lestrade shuddered and Watson shifted even closer, bumping against Holmes' side. In an instant Holmes' other arm had snaked around Watson's waist, untucking his shirt to ghost over his side and abdomen. Watson bit his lip, watching Holmes' face as his grin widened at their looks of surprised arousal. He fumbled a bit with the buttons of Lestrade's shirt, but managed to get enough undone to run his fingers down his chest as he dipped his other hand just under Watson's waistband to brush at the warm skin there.

"You know," he said breathlessly, "It seems to me the moment I regained some use of my fingers you both lost the use of yours. Now why is that?" He said it playfully, but they shot each other guilty looks and Watson pulled back reluctantly.

"We can't do this," he said, as gently as he could. Holmes blinked, surprised, then flushed deeply and drew his hands away. A knock on the door drew their attention before Holmes could respond. Holmes rose from the bed and started for the door, muttering to himself. Watson felt frustration tear through him suddenly.

"Why are you keeping us in the dark?" he called after him, unable to keep the bitterness out of his voice.

Holmes paused at the doorway. "I can't..." he started to say. Then he simply shook his head and slipped out without so much as turning around.

Watson rose from the bed and crossed to the settee, sitting sideways to look moodily out the window behind him. Lestrade crossed to sit with him, turning as well. Arousal was still thrumming through his veins, making him shift uncomfortably, unable to focus on anything but the memory of Holmes' fingers stroking his hipbone. "This isn't working," Watson muttered.

"Maybe we could try something else," Lestrade suggested. Watson turned to look at him questioningly. Lestrade shifted, then raised his eyebrows at him. Watson blushed, but curiosity was already getting the better of him, and he reached out and cupped the back of Lestrade's neck and tugged gently. Lestrade leaned forward, hand coming to rest on Watson's hip as their lips brushed together. Watson pressed their lips together firmly, leaning into the kiss, tangling his fingers in his hair.

There was... nothing. It felt oddly friendly, he supposed. Comforting, even. But there was no passion, no heat. Lestrade pulled back a fraction and chuckled; Watson leaned back farther and just smiled at him and shrugged.

A soft noise came from the doorway and his heart leapt in his throat. Holmes stood there, clutching the door frame and looking back and forth between them, face unreadable. Blank. They both jumped to their feet, and Watson took a hesitant step toward him.

"It's not what you're thinking," he said.

"No, it's my fault," Holmes said formally. His eyes were focused on the floor in front of them. "Please excuse me for -" a brief look of pain crossed his features "- interrupting." He turned away.

"Wait," Lestrade said. Holmes stilled, hand on the doorknob.

"Let me talk to him," Watson muttered. Lestrade looked between the two of them and nodded.

The instant the door closed behind Lestrade, Holmes turned back to Watson. "I apologize," he said, still in that stiff, formal voice that made Watson want to hit something. "I believe I've - " he flushed again, "misinterpreted the situation. Please, forgive me."

"Holmes, you - " he took a deep breath, trying to think of the best thing to say. "You didn't misinterpret our intentions toward you," he flushed as he said it.

Holmes looked confused, but Watson was relieved he'd dropped the polite demeanor. "Then why did you stop?" he asked, uncertain.

Watson took a deep breath. "You've been - different, since, well..." he trailed off and cursed.

Holmes blinked at him. "You think things changed because of Edwards' little... session?"

Watson winced at the description. "Didn't they?" he asked. His head was starting to spin.

"Well, it seemed to serve as a catalyst of sorts, I'll admit, but no. You initiated it, I just never gave an indication you should stop. Nor will I."

Watson was about to protest when he thought back to the first few days, encouraging Holmes to rest his head on their shoulders, practically pushing him into Lestrade's lap. It was slowly dawning on him how transparent they must have been, especially to Holmes. And yet, another, darker thought was forming. Holmes had known of their feelings, and persisted in this frustrating game. He tightened his hands into fists. "You've been... manipulating us?"

"It's hardly manipulation if the subjects are willing -"

"Subjects," Watson said bitterly. "I can't believe you, Holmes." He turned and stalked from the room.

The banging of the door caused Lestrade to start and jump up from where he'd been on the settee. "What's happened?" he asked instantly. Watson stalked past him and to the door. He pulled on his shoes, and next to him Lestrade wordlessly did the same. Neither of them spoke until they were halfway down the street.

"He knew," Watson said angrily. "He knew the entire time!" Lestrade was silent for a moment, contemplating.

"Isn't that a good thing, then?" he asked.

"Why didn't he just say something? Why persist in this game?"

"Well, why didn't you? Why didn't I?"

"Because we thought he was ill!" Watson snapped.

"And he wasn't," Lestrade gripped his elbow and stopped him. "He never tried to make us think he was. All this time, he's been trying to tell us he wants us. Not me, not you. Us." A thrill of happiness went through him at those words, but Lestrade suddenly looked less sure than ever. "Can you do that?" he asked.

Watson flushed, feeling foolish and giddy and slightly guilty for storming out. He turned to Lestrade and smiled, and Lestrade relaxed slightly. "Let's go back," he said. Lestrade nodded, and they turned around.

They were just in time to see a man dart down an alley behind them. Watson chuckled, and Lestrade shook his head.

"That man," Watson muttered affectionately. Lestrade laughed and took his arm, and together they walked back and peered down the dark alley.

Hands gripped them roughly and jerked them inside. A second later, Watson realized that if Holmes had been following them, then they never would have seen him.

They were dragged through the alleyways, arms wrenched behind their backs, hands clamped over their mouths. Watson struggled, but it was in vain; they had an iron grip on his wrists. Soon, one of their captors was tapping rhythmically on a door. An instant later it swung open, and they squinted against the light. A woman spoke rapidly in French, then stepped aside to let them pass. As they were dragged inside, Watson realized she was the maid Holmes had been barking orders at upon their arrival. Her eyes widened when she recognized him, and she shook her head a fraction and lowered her head. They were dragged through the kitchen, then up the stairs. Watson started when he realized they were in their own hotel, being ushered into the nearest room. It was furnished much like their own, only smaller. They were shoved into chairs, and a man who could only be Edwards approached them, smirking.

He spoke in rapid French to the men still holding them by their shoulders. Hired hands, Watson suddenly remembered. Or there for the sport of it. He shuddered, fear forming an icy pit in his gut.

Edwards crossed to stand in front of them. "Sherlock Holmes," he said slowly, "has been making my life very difficult as of late. It doesn't seem as if our last encounter left enough of an... impression." He leaned over them slightly and smirked. "I believe this one will." He stood and began to pace in front of them. "Your presence last time was easily overlooked; however, a repeat performance - and so far away from British soil - can only mean one thing," they both shuddered at his grotesque smile, "You are important to him. And thus, to me."

Heart pounding in his chest, Watson blurted, "What did he do to you?" He glanced at the window, but it was still too dark to tell how much time had passed. When will he notice we've been gone too long? he thought desperately. He scanned the room, looking for ways out. But there were too many near the exits to run, and too many to risk a fight.

"My son," Edwards said, "was killed six months ago due to the direct actions of that man," he spat the last word.

"Nothing that he didn't deserve," Lestrade snapped. Edwards spun in one smooth movement and gripped Lestrade by the hair, forcing him to rise slightly from his chair.

"A volunteer, how brave," Edwards muttered. A few of the men standing around snickered. Edwards hauled Lestrade forward, until he was kneeling in front of his chair. Panic swept through him as Edwards pulled a revolver from his pocket and pressed it to Lestrade's forehead. The color drained from Lestrade's face; Watson jerked forward in his chair only to be forced back by strong hands.

"I would dearly love to take my time with you," Edwards purred, "but I'm afraid your companion will be arriving soon, and I would hate to inadvertently deprive him of this experience." His finger tightened on the trigger.

A shot rang out, and Watson strained against the hands holding him, shouting, heart simultaneously pounding and breaking, until someone cuffed his ear and he collapsed back in the chair, dazed. Then, he noticed the door was open, lock destroyed, officers were pouring in -

- and Holmes, crop against his shoulder, was striding toward Edwards with confident, purposeful movement. Lestrade darted back as Edwards swung the gun in a wide arc, aiming wildly at Holmes, but a single crack of the crop and the gun clattered to the floor, harmless. Officers swarmed him, jerking his arms behind his back, before Watson could fully comprehend what had just happened. Lestrade, face still pale, shifted back into his seat and stared ahead. Holmes turned and watched the officers round up the ruffians with a careful eye. Watson reached a shaking hand across the chairs and touched Lestrade's wrist questioningly. Lestrade gave him a half smile and nodded in response. Watson gripped his pulse point a second longer, the pounding beneath his fingers soothing his own racing heart somewhat.

"Well," Holmes rested the crop on his shoulder and sauntered over to stand between their chairs. "I believe the disappearance of my colleagues will suffice for charges, for the moment." He dropped the crop to the floor, rested a hand on Lestrade's shoulder and smiled at them smoothly. There were no twitches. No fear buried in his cold eyes. He'd known. He'd honestly known he would reach them in time. Watson smiled and reached out to grip his free hand, trying to convey all his faith and love in that simple gesture. Holmes glanced at their hands and his eyes softened for a moment. Then he released them both and turned toward the French police. He spoke in rapid French, gesturing to them and then the door. The man nodded and waved him away impatiently. Holmes' lips quirked in annoyance for a second, then he was urging them to stand and move toward the door.

The moment they were out the door, Holmes grabbed each of them by the wrist, practically dragging them away from the scene and toward their room. "The two of you - " he sputtered. "Walking into an ambush! You nearly ruined my plans! If my informant hadn't seen you -"

But Watson couldn't help the goofy grin that was spreading over his face, remembering Holmes' demeanor as he faced down Edwards. He tried to think of something to say, but all he could think of were silly, romantic epithets, so he stayed silent.

Lestrade, thankfully, didn't.

"You're back," he breathed, and Watson finally laughed aloud, unable to contain it any longer. Holmes released their wrists to unlock the door and turned to look at them, clearly annoyed.

"What the devil are you two on about?" he demanded the moment they were inside.

"It's you," Watson said simply. Lestrade surged forward suddenly, pressing the detective against the wall and sealing their lips together. Watson leaned against the wall next to them and simply watched, a giddy feeling spreading throughout his entire body. Holmes slipped his arms around Lestrade's waist, and Lestrade moved to thread both his hands in Holmes' hair. Finally, Lestrade leaned back slightly. Holmes looked between the two of them, breathing heavy and still trying to look stern.

"I - You - Dammit, I'm trying to be angry with you," he snapped, but the edges of his lips were twitching. "And... I thought you were angry with me," he said, softer.

Watson stepped closer then, resting a hand on both their shoulders as he leaned in to finally - finally - capture Holmes' lips in a soft, sweet kiss.

Watson leaned back and opened his eyes. Holmes was looking between them, a smile finally overtaking his features. He reached out a hand to Watson, and he gripped it carefully, massaging it gently. "I was afraid for a moment I'd overdone it," Holmes admitted, somewhat sheepishly.

"You were amazing," Watson said honestly. He kissed the tips, watching as Holmes' mouth fell open slowly. "May I make a suggestion?" Watson asked casually. Lestrade turned his head and nuzzled Holmes' neck, causing him to start and groan slightly.

"What's that?" he asked thickly.

"Bed?"

Holmes shot him a grin before he quickly ushered them into the bedroom, guiding them both to the end of the bed. Watson reached to wrap his arms around him, but Holmes unbalanced him in a swift movement, and Watson tumbled to the bed, startled. He felt the bed dip beside him and turned to see an equally surprised-looking Lestrade looking at him. Holmes stood at the foot of the bed, looking down at them with hunger in his eyes. He licked his lips, and Watson shivered.

"Buttons," was all he said. They each scrambled for their shirts, but Holmes raised a hand to stop them. "Each other," he said.

They glanced at each other, unsure, but helped each other up until they were kneeling on the bed. Lestrade looked slightly nervous, but Watson smiled at him in what he hoped was a reassuring way and reached to undo his collar. Lestrade snapped into action and reached to do the same. Watson had made quick work of the first few buttons when a slight movement drew his attention. He turned his head to slightly, and from the corner of his eye he saw Holmes palming his cock lazily through his trousers. Watson smirked and slowed, carefully slipping each button through, running his fingers down freshly exposed skin. Lestrade hesitated, then slowed as well, running his fingers over Watson's abdomen experimentally. Watson shivered at the sheer heat of it; emboldened, Lestrade tugged Watson's shirt free and pushed it open. Watson did the same, running his fingers back down Lestrade's chest, groin tightening as Holmes' breathing quickened and Lestrade's fingers spasmed on his hips. He glanced at Holmes under lowered lashes and was rewarded with the sight of Holmes tugging at his flies impatiently. He slid a hand lower, cupping Lestrade's half-hard cock, pressing the rough fabric against hot skin and rubbing his thumb over the tip. Lestrade shifted as though he might pull away, nerves returning in full force. Watson leaned forward quickly and breathed in his ear, "Look."

Lestrade turned his head slightly and his breath caught in his throat. He felt Lestrade's cock swell under his hand and rubbed his palm over it, drawing a whimper from him. He turned his head as well to see Holmes had drawn himself from his trousers completely, hand ghosting gently over smooth skin. His own cock twitched at the sight; he shifted slightly and whimpered when the movement slid fabric over the sensitive head.

"Kiss," Holmes panted. Watson started, but Lestrade immediately slid a hand around his waist and tugged him closer. Somehow, knowing Holmes was watching them made it easier this time. Their lips met, gliding together slick and warm, and Holmes moaned aloud. Watson darted his tongue inside, sliding his free hand up to cup Lestrade's jaw. He pulled back slightly when he felt hands pulling at his flies. He looked down to see Holmes leaning over the edge of the bed, unfastening his pants. He glanced up at them. "Don't stop," he moaned, jerking his hips against the mattress. Watson leaned forward and sucked Lestrade's tongue into his mouth, groaning as the cool air hit his erection. His hand was forced away from Lestrade's trousers; a moment later Lestrade's eyes shot open and he moaned into his mouth as Holmes drew him from the confines of his pants. A hand closed around his own erection, stroking gently at first, then with more force. Holmes tugged them closer to each other, until the heads of their cocks were rubbing together with each stroke, sending shocks of pleasure down Watson's spine, precum mixing and running down their lengths.

His legs were shaking, the stimulation almost overwhelming. Holmes moved to kneel at the end of the bed, then, releasing them to gently guide them to lay next to each other. He stripped them of the rest of their clothing efficiently, then closed a hand around each of their erections, pumping slowly, firmly. Watson jerked his hips, trying to push into that firm grip, and Holmes stilled both hands with a smirk. Lestrade gasped out a choked curse and Watson forced himself to relax, nearly crying out when Holmes resumed his slow pace. He looked up at them again and raised his eyebrows; it was all the reminder he needed. Watson turned and drew Lestrade's mouth to his once more; lips clashing together in a desperate kiss. Holmes rewarded them with a squeeze and faster, harsher strokes, leaving them panting desperately into each others mouths. Their movements became frantic, messy; from the corner of his eye Watson saw Holmes lean over and press his tongue to the tip of Lestrade's cock. Lestrade convulsed, keening low in his throat as Holmes leaned back and thick streams of cum spurted onto his abdomen.

Watson only had a moment to recover from the sight before Holmes leaned over him and swallowed him down, tongue pressing on the underside of his cock. His vision went white and he tried to wrench his head away, but Lestrade held him firm with a hand on the back of his head, so he could do nothing but moan into Lestrade's mouth as his hips jerked, pouring into Holmes' waiting mouth. Lestrade finally loosened his hold and he leaned back, panting. Holmes gave him one final lick and jerked back. Watson watched as he straightened up, hand working furiously, eyes still hungrily taking in them spread out before him. Experimentally, Watson reached over and ran a finger through the rapidly cooling mess on Lestrade's abdomen; Holmes whimpered, eyes never leaving him as he drew the digit into his mouth, tongue swirling over the tip. Holmes let out a cry, spilling over his hand as shudders wracked his body.

They were still for a moment, Holmes will his eyes closed, Lestrade and Watson watching him, drinking in the sight: face flushed, clothing rumpled and askew, softening prick still gripped in his hand as he tried desperately to catch his breath. Finally, he opened his eyes and smiled at them, running his clean hand through his hair. He slipped off the bed wordlessly, padding out and to the wash room. Watson and Lestrade looked at each other awkwardly. Finally Lestrade took a deep breath and collapsed fully against the bed, slinging and arm over his eyes.

"That was unexpected," he said finally. Watson laughed, the tension dissolving as quickly as it came.

"Not entirely unpleasant," he offered, still chuckling. Lestrade smiled and sank farther back into the cushions.

"What is it about that man?" Lestrade wondered aloud.

"I'm damnably charming," Holmes agreed as he re-entered the room holding a small basin of water and a rag. He had already wiped himself up and set his clothing to rights, leaving them both feeling briefly uncomfortable with their nudity. He sat on the edge of the bed and carefully wiped them clean, still smiling. Once he was finished he sat the water on the floor next to the bed and slid in between them, wrapping an arm around each of them. He hummed in self-satisfaction, and Watson poked him in the side playfully while Lestrade rolled his eyes comically.

"That was enjoyable," Holmes declared. "May I suggest a repeat performance, preferably in the near future?"

Lestrade pushed himself onto one elbow, looking down at them. "Perhaps," he said, "With one condition."

Holmes cocked his head. "Oh? What's that?"

"No more keeping us in the dark," Lestrade said. Watson nodded. Holmes looked crestfallen; Watson sighed and glanced at Lestrade.

"Fine, no keeping us in the dark when it's something of this magnitude," Watson suggested. Lestrade agreed, and Holmes beamed at them.

"Agreed," he said. He pulled them closer and leaned over to draw the blankets over them. Watson watched as their eyes closed, smiling sleepily. Sometimes you don't get what you want, he thought as he drifted off. Sometimes you get something better.