Exposed
by Dinohunter

Being exposed on a fun day out in Scotland.

She stood at the doorway as instructed, legs spread ever so slightly apart, her winter jacket on and herself waiting at attention. She knew this position well, it was what her Lord expected of her, the feeling of vulnerability but also inspection, of putting herself on display for him before stepping out into the world outside of their personal interaction, bdsm and submission and the world of others going about their normal lives, oblivious to the fact her pussy was owned by him, that it sometimes was still sore or dripping cum as she passed people on the street, and even that she might have toys insider her at that very moment.

He took a step towards her and smiled. His hand instinctively going to her inner thigh and tracing up over her stocking. Then up inside her winter jacket where he felt the edge of her stockings and the garter belt holding them in place. Up further his hand glided and paused when it felt the heat emanating from her. He need not even touch her yet and he knew how wet and turned on she was. He smiled, looked deep into her eyes, and then ran his fingers deep into her pussy, parting her lips, letting her juices run over his two fingers and her body accept his probing hand. She moaned and leaned back against the door frame, her jacket opening slightly and her naked breasts falling out. He smiled and cupped it, drawing her nipple to his mouth and sucked it while thrusting his fingers hard into her.

"Careful," he said, "don't want that to happen while we are out now do we?" He replaced her breast inside her jacket and withdrawing his hand from between her legs, licking his fingers, ran them along her lips and kissed her.

And opening the door the Lord and his naked Sub, other than a garter belt, stockings and winter jacket, walked into the winter day the cold air instantly stabbing at her pussy and making her shudder.

He kept her in suspense of the day plans and what they would do so the card ride was a nervous anticipation of her sitting there waiting for the car heater to warm up, the raw exhilaration of being naked out in public without the benefit or backup of clothes to put on, and the mystery of what he had planned.

The first stop wasn't far. Ten minutes down the road at Luss. There they parked and headed into the winter sun towards the shore and pier. Tourists were about taking photos and dog walkers abounded as usual. Out on the pier he walked to the end and sat down, his legs dangling over the side. He tapped the space next to him for her to sit too. She awkwardly seated herself knowing that out towards the loch her legs were exposed and her pussy was gave a view of Scotland few could say they flashed their private parts to ever.

He placed a hand between her legs and slid it into her bush and rubbed her clit looking out at the scenery without saying a word. She was getting wet and tried not to squirm as he fingered her. The others on the dock were maybe two meters away and had no idea her Lords hand was in her pussy and she was dripping from it and it turned her on.

He stood, content with himself and took her hand and stood her up. Kissing him she melted against his body with a shiver, the brisk air of the water under them ran up her jacket and chilled her. Looking at her he said, "Come lets warm you up."

They walked to the tea house and the warm air inside was a relief but also just as sudden a blast of shock to her naked body as they entered. Walking to a corner table they sat and she pulled her coat around her. The waitress walked up and offered to take their coats. She panicked, not quite sure what to say, and her Lord stepped in and explained she would keep it on, she was just over a cold and needed to stay warm.

They ordered some drinks and cake and enjoyed it while he stroked her thigh. Every so often daring her to open her jacket for him to gaze at her nipples. He was torturing her and she loved it. Towards the end of their interlude in the warmth he slipped something cold and metallic into her hands, she looked down to see her ben wa balls. Looking up at him she saw a devilish grin on his face and he said, "Go put them in." And she stood and excused herself to the toilets where locked in a stall she furiously rubbed her pussy for how turned on she was and easily slid the balls into her Lords pussy.

Returning to him, he kissed her and they left back into the cold day. They took a walk into the woods behind the town, alone and more secluded now. Hand in hand both for the warmth and how close she felt to him as they walked. Turning a corner he found a good tree angled and easy to lean against which he pushed her against and grabbed her breasts. She moaned as he thrust his tongue into her mouth and rolled her nipple over his fingers. Then bent down and bit and sucked her nipple as she bucked against the tree. He worked his way down as her jacket fell open her nipples hardened, pink and erect in the cool air. She felt his warm tongue part her and enter her working around the string of the balls inside her. She hardly could handle the feeling of his mouth working its magic on her pussy in the cold air.

Eventually, satisfied, he stood up, kissed her where she could taste herself on his lips and he adjusted her jacket. She heard the zip of his trousers and reaching down felt his hard warm cock below her. Without needing instruction she knelt down and took him into her waiting mouth and sucked him. She worked her Lords cock in her mouth, enjoying every bit of him, feeling him swell inside her as she ate him.

She felt his orgasm building. She knew exactly how his cock would twitch and swell before cumming. She had felt it in her hands, and mouth and buried deep in her pussy so many times before, she could sense when she was about to make her lord cum. But before she could finish him he pulled his cock away from her mouth and thrust her against the tree. He grabbed his cock and stroked it and pulled her jacket open. She felt his cock press against her bush as he rubbed it into her clit and moaned. She felt his tip swelling between her lips but knowing it couldn't take her with the balls inside. And then she felt an incredible warmth as his cum covered her, painted her clit, matted her bush and then he jerked his cock up and aiming it at her breasts, more covering her nipples.

He stood there in the cold air, panting, his pink cock still semi rigid in his hand. The tip of his manhood dripping a drop of white cum. And she stood there against the tree, a cum covered mess. She felt the cum running between her legs and dripping off her nipples. A huge mess which would benefit a towel but there wasn't any. She took a finger and ran it over the cum on her nipples and then looking at it smiled and stuck her finger in her mouth. Then spreading her legs to his view began to masturbate with his cum on her pussy. It did not take long for her to cum, and cum hard before licking her fingers again, covered in her juices and his cum.

She stood up, a sticky mess and pulled closed her jacket, knelt down and licked his cock clean before gently returning it to his trousers and they began to walk. Awkwardly at first as she felt his cum run down her legs and matt the inside of her jacket, she'd have to wash that later, but right now delighted in being a her lords messy naked toy.

Back in the car he explained the next stop wasn't far and she should get comfortable. She looked at him not quite understanding and he leaned over kissed her, pressed his hand between her legs, spread them wide, pulled open her jacket and said, "Masturbate while we drive."

It was some of the horniest ten minutes of her life. Him barreling down the road, cars passing and her there in her seat breasts exposed, pussy exposed, fingers in her bush and rapidly rubbing her clit. She came twice from it and wondered if anyone in the passing cars could see her or not, but it didn't matter. Every time she looked over and saw the smile on his face it was enough to nearly send her over the edge again.

They arrived at Lomond Shores and with a smile he said, "lets go shopping." And off they stepped into the busy shop. He spent time walking about and suggesting different items to her, before handing her a form fitting dress that would show a lot of cleavage and a bra and thong set. "Go try this on" he commanded her. She blushed and said meekly, "I'm still covered in cum."

"I know," he said and pulled from his pocket the panties she had worn early that day and he explained she could clean herself with them. With her panties stuffed into her jacket pocket and the clothes in hand she walked to the changing room.

The dress looked good on her, she thought as she looked at herself in the mirror. Smiling she stepped out to let him see and he smiled and approved. "And the lingerie?" He asked. She stepped back in to try them on next.

Before she fully had them on she felt his hand slip inside the changing room curtain and squeeze her bottom as she clasped on the bra. He looked down at her and smiling gave approval and a kiss. Oddly she felt funny to suddenly be clothed with him rather than naked.

She felt his hand slide up her thigh and grab at the string of the balls buried inside her. And with a slow tug he withdrew them, she felt her pussy expand around them. With a soft rattle they fell out and gravity took hold. He lifted them up and inspected how wet they were and smiled, taking her panties, covered in his cum and cleaning the balls off with them, before dropping the balls in his pocket. And smiling and looking at the messy cum covered fabric of her used panties he smiled and hung them on the clothing hook of the changing room. "leave those, you're getting a new pair anyway" he said to her.

He took all the clothes and purchased them for her, handing her the bag with a smile and a kiss. His hand also riding up under her jacket and grabbing her ass at the same time.

They walked outside and along one of the lochside trails, hand in hand. He led her into Balloch Country park and deep into the back parts few people venture into. She had an idea what came next and had a giant grin of anticipation. There, far from anyone who could interupt, he pulled her jacket off her and had her walk beside her naked other than her stocking and garter belt.

Eventually he stopped and opened his trousers exposing his throbbing cock to her against. She walked up, cupped her Lords balls and kissed his cock before standing, turning and placing her hands against a tree, leaned over, offered her ass to his gaze and and he proceeded to fuck her with a wild passion neither of them had experienced before...and this time she had nothing to clean the dripping cum from her pussy with, well, she thought, guess I'll be dripping cum for the rest of the day…
