Chapter 8 - From Emofest to Sapfest?

A/N: HOLY SHIT, YO. Two updates in, like, three days! We're on fire.

This is where the crack really dies. This whole chapter is pretty much an emofest. Sorry 'bout that. For some reason if we don't write funny or porn, we write emo. Not a good thing. We must find a middle ground. D:

Disclaimer: We only own Ryomoka. And the plot. Or lack thereof.

Warnings: Oh God the sap in this chapter. EWWWWWWW. Why did we do this. Anyway. I think that's the majority. And citrus of the lemon-lime sort. And tensai bath time! And… um, I think the lack of cross-dressing earns a warning, actually.

"Syusuke?" Tezuka called. He came through the trees and found himself back on the original trail. He followed it, hoping Fuji was still on it, or at least that he had not gone too far into the forest. "Syusuke!"

Tezuka sighed in frustration. Fuji could be dead. He could've been eaten by a bear, or fallen off a cliff, or something equally stupid. He didn't know if Fuji even knew basic survival skills-though Tezuka had taken him camping before and explained them; he doubted the tensai had listened to him. What if he got stuck here overnight and froze to death?

He honestly didn't understand how Kikumaru had lost him. Fuji was rarely so aimless that he could just wander off a path get himself lost. Unless he wanted to get separated from Kikumaru... in which case he could be about to throw himself off the mountain, and Tezuka was probably already too late...

The captain became mildly frantic in his searching, his steps quickened and his breathing became panicked. Had Tezuka had animal ears they would have perked up when he heard the soft crunch of leaves close by. Tezuka's ears led him to a clearing and a cliff. Fuji sat on the edge dangling his feet into the air below and looking forlornly up at the moon.

Tezuka dropped behind Fuji and wrapped his arms securely around the slim shoulders.

Though he felt Fuji tense in his arms, Tezuka only scooped up the smaller boy and began the trek back down the mountain without saying anything.

Back at the cabin Fuji slipped down from Tezuka's arms. Tezuka moved to herd the brunette into the dwelling. Fuji stepped back when Tezuka moved, pressing his back to the wood of the cabin.

"Syusuke?" Tezuka said, surprised at the defensive posture. Tezuka raised his right hand toward Fuji's face, and Fuji turned away from him. He moved to face Fuji again and gently stroked Fuji's cheek, the normally pale skin an angry red. The tensai winced in pain. "I'm sorry I hurt you," he said quietly, bringing the tensai into his arms. He felt the smaller body shaking.

"Don't touch me."

"Syusuke, please…" Fuji turned his glare to the ground as he pushed back a few inches.

"BUCHOU! FUJIKO!" Eiji bounded out the front door and clung to the couple. "Fujiko-chan, are you all right?" Eiji ran his hand over Fuji's arms, checking for any wounds that the tensai possibly could have acquired. Eiji then brought the tensai into his arms in a hug, happy that his friend was not dead. Fuji gave his friend a wan smile as he leaned into the embrace.

Tezuka walked around the pair and went inside to be greeted by Eiji's counterpart. "You found him?" asked Oishi.

"He's mad at me..." Tezuka looked at the ground, frustrated.

Oishi frowned. "What'd you expect? I'm sure everything'll be fine... He'll get over it as soon as he realizes how much you put up with for him."

Tezuka sat in one of the kitchen chairs, his head in his hands. "I feel terrible."

"Fujiko, nya, why were you acting like that when Tezuka was hugging you?" Eiji asked, tilting his head.

"I-" Fuji hung his head. "He hit me?"

"Fujiko! Don't be stupid! Buchou feels really bad about it!" Eiji flicked Fuji's forehead. Fuji backed away from the minute blow with a pout."Don't be like that, Fujiko!" Eiji pouted back at him. Fuji looked at the ground again. "Come on," Eiji sighed, "let's go inside." He pulled a stray twig from Fuji's hair. "You need a bath." He maneuvered the tensai into the cabin.

Tezuka looked up as the door opened and Eiji dragged a protesting tensai inside. His eyes met Fuji's for the briefest of moments, and then Fuji looked away, letting Eiji pull him up the stairs.

Once they were inside the bathroom, Eiji running the bathwater, Fuji stripped off his clothes and sank into the water, his knees drawn up to his chest. Eiji took a cup from the counter and dumped some of the bathwater over his friend's head.

"Eiji?" came a voice from the door.

Eiji turned. "Yeah, Buchou?"

"I can do that..."

"No, it's fine. Fujiko's upset," Eiji said with a hint of a smile, even though he wanted to scream at the captain. Tezuka came in anyways and sat down near the tub. Fuji's face flushed and he moved closer to the far corner of the tub, wrapping his arms around his legs and turning his head away, blatantly ignoring the hurt look on Tezuka's face.

"Eiji," Tezuka said quietly, "can I please speak with Fuji alone?"

Fuji's eyes widened and he looked at Eiji, shaking his head slightly. Eiji looked doubtfully between the two. "Fujiko, nya... Tezuka won't do anything bad. Right, Tezuka?"

"Of course not," Tezuka answered immediately.

"And if he does, I'll beat him up, okay?" Eiji winked at the tensai and left the room, closing the door behind him. Fuji pursed his lips in a pout, looking resolutely at the tiled wall. How could Eiji just abandon him like that!

"Syusuke..." Tezuka sighed. "Please, I'm not going to hit you again. I swear."

Fuji still did not look at him.

"I made a mistake. A very, very stupid mistake. But I feel awful that I hurt you, and I will never, ever do it again." Tezuka poured some cherry-scented shampoo into his hand and began massaging it into Fuji's hair. The tensai tensed at first, but gradually relaxed at the gentle ministrations, leaning into Tezuka's touch ever so slightly. "I love you, Fuji Syusuke." Tears leaked from Fuji's closed eyes at the words and caresses he was receiving. He wanted to be mad, but he just couldn't. Tezuka pushed the smaller brunette back to dip his hair into the water. Unfortunately this startled Fuji and he yelped and moved out of Tezuka's reach, glaring again. Water sloshed out of the tub at the quick movement. Fuji's knuckles were white as he griped the edge of the bath tub.

"Fuji!" Tezuka said, more harshly than he meant to. He was soaked with bath water. He pulled his shirt off, his pants following quickly after. He turned on the shower head and unplugged the drain. "I'm only going to get the shampoo out of your hair," Tezuka said as he stepped into the tub. Fuji glared. Tezuka leaned down and pulled the smaller body up against his. Fuji felt limp in his arms, not protesting, but not cooperating by any means either. Tezuka removed the bubbly soap from the honey colored tresses and grabbed the conditioner. He knew Fuji was very anal about keeping his hair soft because Tezuka liked to play with it when they cuddled. Tezuka kissed the tensai, trying to get him to respond as he normally would. The tensai responded of course, but it was stiff and obviously forced, not Fuji-like at all.

Tezuka turned off the shower after he had finished bathing his uke, and wrapped him in a fluffy towel. As they entered their room Tezuka asked, "Are you hungry?"

Fuji shook his head and sat next to his suitcase, clutching the towel around him.

The captain nodded and put on his pajama pants. "All right, I'll be up in a bit." Tezuka left and went downstairs to see Oishi and Eiji.

"How did things go?" Oishi asked, handing the taller male a plate of food.

"Ugh..." was the grumbled response.

"Where's Fujiko?" Eiji wrapped his arms around Oishi and rested his head on his shoulder.

Tezuka pointed at the ceiling.

"He's not eating?" Eiji asked.

Tezuka shook his head.

"Oh..." The cat-like boy pouted a bit.

"So what are you going to do?"

Tezuka gave Oishi a shrug, hell if he knew. Tezuka looked up at Eiji.

"He thinks you'll hit him again... or will get mad and then hit him..." Eiji shrugged and moved to give Tezuka a hug. "I know you wouldn't do it again, Buchou, but he doesn't..." He was silent for a minute. "Why did you hit him anyways?"

Tezuka turned to return the embrace Eiji had him in, "I don't know... I got angry..."

Oishi rested a hand on Tezuka's shoulder. "It'll be okay, don't worry."

Tezuka nodded and got up to return to his bedroom.

Upon entering the bedroom Tezuka was very, very confused. The lights were off and small tea candles were lit around the room. Fuji sat on the floor on his side of the bed near the foot with his legs tucked under him and his head bowed. Tezuka immediately went and pulled Fuji from the floor.

"What are you doing?" Tezuka demanded.

"I'm sorry, Tezuka. I shouldn't have done what I did, and I have no right to be mad at you because of what you did… not after the discussion we had the other morning and…" The tensai tailed off. Fuji stood, arms slightly spread. Tezuka did not know what to do. He knew Fuji was trying to please him, and he couldn't yell at him for that. But seeing him so pliant so soon after being angry was rather bizarre.

Tezuka sighed and set Fuji on the bed gingerly, half fearing he would snap and lash out at the captain. He noted absentmindedly that Fuji was wearing the yukata that Yumiko had purchased for him for his birthday before undoing the loose sash and pushing him back onto the plush pillows. He showered the elfish face with kisses.

"Fuji, I know you are mad at me, but I don't know how to show you that I won't hurt you again or how sorry I am," Tezuka whispered into the delicate ear. A racket-calloused hand danced light patterns across a toned stomach before resting flat and moving to curl around a trim waist. "Syusuke, we were both wrong. I promise you I love you. I promise you that no more harm will come to you. I promise I'll keep you safe..." Tezuka trailed off as he captured Fuji's lips with his.

Fuji didn't respond at first. There was absolute sincerity behind Tezuka's words. "I didn't mean to make you mad," he murmured. "I'm sorry..."

"Syusuke," Tezuka said patiently, "we were both wrong. You upset me, but I had no right to hit you. I should be the one on my knees apologizing. I don't ever want you to be afraid of me, and I hate having you mad at me."

Fuji averted his eyes, embarrassed. Tezuka sighed and leaned down to press another kiss to Fuji's lips, and this time the tensai returned it if a bit shyly. "I want to make love to you. I want to show you how special you are to me." Tezuka ran a hand through Fuji's damp hair, removing the yukata the rest of the way with his free hand. "Do you want me to stop?" he asked. "I will. I don't want to do this if you aren't comfortable with it."

"I'm fine..." Fuji whispered. "I love you."

Relief washed over Tezuka in waves at this simple statement. He kissed Fuji's forehead, then moved lower, and the tensai gasped at the feel of hot breath ghosting over his ear. Tezuka licked a wet trail down Fuji's neck, avoiding using his teeth. He didn't want to startle Fuji again, and biting him might do just that.

Moonlight shone through the window, illuminating the tensai's face and making his skin look almost silvery, as if it were glowing. Tezuka paused and sat up, smiling softly. Fuji looked up at him curiously. "Kunimitsu?"

"You're beautiful," he whispered, and Fuji's cheeks reddened. "I don't take the time to just look at you often enough." Fuji's figure was absolutely flawless-his face was sharp, pristine, and pretty, his features fittingly androgynous. He was slim; his muscles just toned enough so that he didn't look scrawny. "Perfect..." Tezuka leaned forward again, this time to take a pale pink nipple into his mouth, sucking gently. Fuji whimpered, his hands fisting the sheets.

Tezuka reached over to the nightstand and opened the top drawer, pulling out a small tube of lubricant. "I'll try not to hurt you," he said, stripping off his shirt, then his pants and boxers, and kneeling in front of Fuji. "That's the last thing I want to do. If it hurts, tell me, and I'll stop. Okay?"

Fuji nodded, swallowing, and Tezuka squeezed some of the lube into his hand. He coated the first three fingers and slowly, gently pushed his middle finger inside the tensai's entrance.

Fuji cried out as sensitive nerve endings were touched. Pleasured moans rang in the captain's ears, leaving a satisfied smirk to lie beneath his glasses.

"M-Mitsu!" Fuji cried out as the man above him struck his prostate. The long finger rubbed gently across the little spot, sending the smaller boy into frenzy.

"Calm down, Syusuke," Tezuka kissed his forehead. He wriggled his fingers inside the tensai, making the uke wonder when all three had been entered, before pulling them out. Fuji groaned at the loss.

Fuji shut his eyes peacefully as Tezuka pushed into him. As promised there was no pain, only pleasure and the mild awkwardness of being stretched. "Are you okay?" Tezuka asked, his voice strained with lust.

Fuji wrapped his arms around Tezuka's shoulders, pulling him down to kiss him. "I'm fine. That feels wonderful..." Fuji rocked his hips forward so that Tezuka was forced deeper inside of him, making them both moan.

"I love you," Tezuka said breathily into Fuji's ear as he thrust in and out of the tensai's body. "Never forget that."

"I won't," Fuji replied, crying out as Tezuka struck his prostate. He was silenced with a kiss as they both came.

Tezuka pulled out of him slowly and carefully, teasingly. Fuji let out a breathy moan. The captain reached to the side of the bed where his bath towel had been deposited earlier and used the rough terrycloth to wipe their sticky fluids from Fuji's body. He moved to the side and pulled Fuji up against his chest protectively.

"I love you," he whispered again into the sweat-damp bangs of his littler love.

"I love you too..." whispered a sleepy voice into the warmth of the captain's shoulder.

Oishi ran his fingers through Eiji's dark red hair, and the acrobat snuggled further into his embrace. "Ne, Oishi..."

"Hmm?"

"Buchou... he really, I mean, he hit Fuji. I've never seen him so violent before."

"He didn't mean it," Oishi said in a reassuring voice. "He just lost control. You know how unlike him that was. He won't do it again."

Eiji nuzzled Oishi's neck. "I guess."

The front door opened, and the Golden Pair looked up from their place on the couch. Inui and Kaidoh came in first, Ryomoka balanced on Kaidoh's hip, and then Momo, Ryoma, Taka, and Ryuzaki-sensei.

Oishi blinked. "Where did you all go?"

"We left a note." Ryuzaki-sensei frowned at them, picking a piece of paper up from the counter where it was being held in place by a coffee mug. "Have we all resolved our issues?"

Eiji giggled. "Seeing as Fujiko and Buchou are upstairs doing naughty things right now, I'd say yes."

"Naughty things?" Ryomoka questioned, looking up at Kaidoh with big brown eyes.

"Grown-up things." Kaidoh shot a glare at Eiji.

"Grown-up things are naughty?"

Kaidoh sighed. "I'll tell you all about grown-up things when you're older, but right now it's getting late, and you need to go to bed."

"But I want to stay up and play games with my nii-chans!"

"But... Ryomoka, we've been up all day. We need to go to sleep... I don't think any of your nii-chans want to play tonight..." Eiji whined as he slumped back against Oishi. Oishi smiled and stood up, then reached down pulling his red-headed partner onto his feet.

"But...I hafta go home tomorrow…" She looked between Eiji and Kaidoh with watery eyes.

"No, it's bedtime," Kaidoh said firmly. Ryomoka pouted, but allowed Kaidoh to carry her up the stairs without protest.

"I'll see you boys in the morning," Ryuzaki waved over her shoulder before disappearing behind the door leading to her room.

"Good night Inui, Mo-where'd Momo go?" Oishi looked around the living room. A moan came from the kitchen, and Taka darted up the stairs; he had seen too much already that day. Oishi and Inui peeked into the kitchen to see the two youngest teammates making out in the fridge again.

"Um... yeah..." Oishi scratched the back of his head, at a loss for words. "Good night anyway!" He pulled Eiji up the stairs.

Kaidoh came back down. "Why did Oishi-sempai look like he wanted to molest Kikumaru-sempai?"

"There's a sixty-three percent chance it's because he witnessed Momoshiro and Echizen participating in another bought of refrigerator-necking..." Inui said, pushing up his glasses, "and another twenty-six percent it's due to the fact he knows Tezuka and Fuji are having intercourse."

"And the last eleven?"

"He hasn't had any sexual activities as of yet today..."

"Sempai..."

Another moan sounded from the kitchen, provoking Inui into speech. "I still haven't rewarded you for your correct answers yesterday." He tipped the bandana-ed boy's chin up.

"No, Sempai, Ryomoka and Oishi-sempai, Kikumaru-sempai, Fuji-sempai, Kawamura-sempai, and Tezuka-buchou are up there!" Kaidoh halted the venturing hand.

"Who said anything about upstairs?" Kaidoh's eyes dilated as soon as his sempai's mouth opened.

Momo pulled away from Ryoma, smirking. "We have to stop meeting like this."

Ryoma glared. "What's with you and refrigerators?"

"When you get cold, I can cuddle you and make you warm again."

Ryoma stared at him. "That's the sappiest thing I've ever heard come out of your mouth."

"Hmph. Just because all you ever think about is tennis and food."

"Whatever. Get off me."

"No, I don't think I will. I think I should punish you for being so mean to your boyfriend."

"Kawamura-sempai's upstairs. Don't even think about it."

"Well, the table right over there does seem pretty handy..."

"Momo-sempai..." Ryoma glared at him.

"Calm down, I'm just kidding, Ryo-chan," Momo said with a wink. Ryoma rolled his eyes and ducked under his boyfriend's arm.

"I'm going to bed, Momo-sempai." He paused, trying to think of something nice to say to the taller brunette. "Will you... come with me...?" The question sounded awkward coming out of his mouth.

"Come on," Momo said, shaking his head. He appreciated the fact that the smaller player was trying to be nice, but it was just strange. Once they'd gotten upstairs and changed they curled together comfortably on their bed.

"Ryoma?"

"Hn?" Ryoma muttered through his sleep-fogged mind.

"I love you..."

"Momo-sempai..." Ryoma nuzzled deeper into his sempai's embrace.

"S'okay, Ryo-chan, I know you're not ready to say it jus' yet," Momo yawned his response and kissed the top of Ryoma's head.

Ryuzaki-sensei situated herself in bed, her thoughts turning to her team as she heard a faint thumping sound directly above her ceiling. She thought for a moment, realizing it was coming from the kitchen, and winced. Someone was having sex in the kitchen. She sighed, wondering if it would look suspicious if she didn't eat breakfast at the table tomorrow.

It was amazing, a little, the sheer amount of sex these kids were having. Tezuka and Fuji, anyway. The day they'd taken Ryomoka from her sister, those two had done it four times that she was aware of. Inui and Kaidoh weren't quite on that level, but they were no angels either. And she'd heard Inui speaking about a foursome today between Tezuka, Fuji, Oishi, and Eiji. So far the most innocent were Momo and Ryoma, and that was simply because Ryoma was such a prude.

"Honestly," she mused to herself, "if Fuji was a girl, Tezuka would be beyond broke from always buying condoms."

A/N: That little bit of epic comic genius at the end there with Ryuzaki-sensei is all Katie's doing. Isn't she fantastic? She is also (mostly) responsible for the sap that is covering you at the moment from that Perfect Pair sex scene…

Katie: Okay, hang on a second. I only wrote the before parts. You wrote all the "I promise I'll always protect you" stuff. And-you know what, actually, you wrote all of the actual sex part! I stopped at the preparation scene! You liar!

Scarlet: Don't make me bring it back with a vengeance…

Katie: If you're talking about the F-word, then it's not my fault you're a big fat liar, so don't threaten me with that evil, angst-causing disaster.

Reviews? Because, seriously, one person did last time. And we would like to have, you know, more than that. Please?

Also, we're going to pimp Rachel Echizen: The Princess of Tennis here, because, well, it's hilarious so you should go read it. It's a parody, not a serious OC. To quote our friend Bailey: "I love your character because she's so easy to hate!"