Tami Lynn Volunteers 
by Hooked6 
Copyright January 2022 by Hooked6 (Hooked6@hotmail.com) all rights reserved. 

Chapter 1 

I was bored. I was a 35-year-old stay at home housewife. With my sons all grown and leading lives of their own away from home at college and my husband busy accomplishing fulfilling things with his career, I began to think that there had to be something more that I could do with my life – something much more interesting than just being a housewife. Since I had my children very early in life, I was still young and attractive and full of energy but I was stuck in a rut at home. 

During this time of sitting on my little pity-pot, we had a new neighbor move in down the street named Bob. He was a former member of the Peace Corps and now did short-term volunteer work for some new organization in under-developed countries in addition to his main job which earned him a living. 

To make a long story short, we ran into each other in Walmart the other day and we got to talking. He was excited about his latest upcoming trip to help improve sanitation in a remote African village and to bring donated medical and school supplies to the village’s inhabitants. 

It all sounded so interesting – actually DOING something to improve the lives of those whose daily existence was dismal; fraught with hardship and without hope. Here was somebody that I actually knew making a small but meaningful difference in the world. I wished I could do something like that. 

“Say, Tami, why don’t you come with us. We are only going to be gone 10 days and we do have a vacancy. The Trans Global Volunteers organization (TGV) would cover your expenses. It is a great opportunity to expand your horizons and see people and places ordinary people never dream of. I am sure that I could arrange everything. We can sure use another pair of hands. What do you say?” 

He must have seen the excitement in my eyes as he was talking. It all sounded so . . . so . . . exciting. Here was an opportunity to actually make a difference and I knew this was just the thing to relieve my mini-depression. But, as usual of late, self-doubts and negative thinking took over my thoughts. I was rather timid in dealing with other people and, well, in taking risks in general. 

“Oh, I couldn’t do anything like that. Besides, it sounds so dangerous.” 

“On the contrary, we have been to this village many times doing various projects and it is quite safe and we are made to feel most welcome by the tribe. Of course, you might feel a bit of culture shock being so used to all the creature comforts and luxuries you have here in Tampa, and I understand that someone as upper middle-class as you are might not want to get her hands a little dirty. Oh well, it was just a thought.” 

His comments cut me to the quick.  “Hey, I don’t mind a bit of hard work. I take care of a self-absorbed husband, don’t I? I was just worried about, well you know, my safety – Africa? It sounds very unsafe, especially for young, attractive and desirable woman like myself.” (Okay, I was flirting a bit, but at that moment Bob was so attractive and manly looking with his rugged appearance and his unselfish work on behalf of the unfortunate was warming my heart.) 

He put his hand on my arm and said, “I can assure you that it is quite safe. You don’t have to take my word for it. You know Dr. Dan Westin, don’t you? The Family Doctor? I think your husband mentioned him a while back.” 

Dr. Dan was indeed our family doctor and took care of my boys as they grew up. I liked him a lot. “Yes, I know him.” I replied. 

“Well, he’s our medical advisor for this trip and will be going with us. He has been to this village several times. Why don’t you ask him if the trip is safe? Tami, I am not trying to be pushy or anything but we could really use your help and there isn’t really time to find anyone else as most of our regular volunteers are already committed to other projects.” 

“But I don’t really have any skills that you could use. I’m just a housewife. I don’t know anything about construction or sanitation and I am certainly not a nurse or anything. I don’t see how . . .” 

“You can move boxes, distribute food and supplies to the women and children, do a little paperwork, take photos documenting what we did; You can do those things, right? You’d be surprised how valuable you can be. Why even a ‘go-fer’ is a welcome pair of hands. We will show you what to do. I promise you that you will come back with such a positive sense of well-being and a whole new outlook on life. There is no feeling quite like helping your fellow man.” 

The more Bob talked, the more I knew that this was just what I needed to take me out of the dumps and feel alive again. 

I told him I was interested but still had reservations and that I would give Dr. Dan a call that day and get back with him. As we left to go our separate ways, I knew in my heart that my husband would NEVER let me go on such a trip. Still, there was no harm in researching things a little. Even that would be exciting even if nothing ever came of it. 

*****

I took a chance and dropped by Dr. Dan’s office and to my surprise he was able to see me. He was most encouraging. He assured me that the trip was safer than walking around downtown Tampa during the daytime. He showed me some pictures he had of a previous trip to the village. It was small and primitive but not threatening or disgusting looking. Like Builder Bob, as he called his friend and my neighbor, he strongly encouraged me to go. He also said that he would have a word with my husband to allay any fears he might have – especially since Bob was not only new to our neighborhood but that he was young and ruggedly handsome as well. He said he would assure my husband that he had nothing to worry about and that he would look after me and gave me some pamphlets on the Trans Global Volunteers organization. 

I was so excited after leaving his office that I could hardly stand it. I wasn’t sure what I was going to say or how or even IF I was going to broach the subject to my husband, but I was determined to give it a try. 

As I was waiting for my husband to come home, I got a call from the organization informing me that my trip had been approved and my tickets had been arranged and would be waiting for me at the airport. Apparently, Dr. Dan had talked to the person in charge of the project and had spoken very highly of me, so much so, that they went ahead with getting me enrolled as an official volunteer with the organization based on the information Dr Dan had supplied to them from my medical records. The man also said that he had my ID, visa and information kit that Dr. Dan would give me at the airport. He told me to pack VERY light suggesting a small duffle bag for what few clothes that I would need and to leave everything electrical at home as there was no electricity at the remote village. 

Things were moving so fast I didn’t have time to take it all in. I wasn’t even sure I could go on this trip, yet here I was already signed up! Boy, was my husband going to be cross with me when he finds out that I did all this without discussing it with him first. 

Just then I heard the front door opening and in walked my husband. I was in for it now. 

He gave me a big hug and stepped back while holding my hands and spoke enthusiastically, “Hey, I heard about your trip to Africa! How exciting! I wish I could go but work is a mess right now. What an opportunity for you though!” 

“You . . .  you know about it? How . . .” 

“Dr. Dan called me and told me all about it and how he talked you into helping him and about how you were worried that I’d be a stick in the mud and stand in the way. Honey, you know me better than that – a stick in the mud? Puh-lease.  I told everybody about it at work. It turns out I was the envy of the office and I wasn’t even the one that was going. Apparently, our company president is a huge benefactor to Trans Global Volunteers. He even called me into his office when he heard about you going from his secretary, who heard it on the grape vine and he told me that he’d have to keep an eye on me; that I was just the sort of person with the values that the company endorses that could help me go far with the firm and it was all because of you, honey!” 

“You mean . . . You’re okay with me going . . . all the way to AFRICA?! BY MYSELF?” I had to stop myself from adding “with that virile young stud down the street?” I was thinking it, but I was smart enough not to say it out loud. 

“Of course I am, honey. I am proud of you. You are doing a great thing here. What’s for dinner? I’m starving.” With that he just left me standing there with my mouth wide open as he went to change. 

Even after he was long gone, I just stood there in shock. My husband actually said he was proud of me. Without being prompted, no less. Never in a million years did I think he would ever agree to this trip. In fact, deep down I thought his refusal was my safety net. I had planned on telling Dr. Dan and Bob that it was my husband’s fault that I couldn’t go. I could have saved face and then daydreamed about being asked without having to actually make myself do it. 

My heart began to race and I felt clammy all over. What the hell just happened? I WAS GOING TO THE CONTINENT OF AFRICA to some country I had never even heard of!!! All afternoon I had been so caught up in my own fantasy of being someone important that the full impact of what that entailed hit me hard now that it was becoming a reality. I felt faint. 

I hardly slept a wink as I was so nervous. With my husband pushing me along filling my mind with what he saw as a once in a lifetime opportunity, I somehow managed to let him drive me to the airport. 

*****

On the plane Dr. Dan told me that the village in question had been experiencing periodic cholera outbreaks because of poor sanitation.  As strange as it may seem, the solution was to install a septic tank, which another group of college kids was already building and then connect it to underground drain fields near the village to prevent the tribe from using the river for dumping.  Our group’s job this trip was to build toilets and showers and to get the natives used to the idea of routine bathing, getting medical inspections and vaccinations. 

I still felt that I didn’t have much to offer, especially after I found out that the tribe had a very low view of women. The guys both assured me that I was indeed needed and that they were sure I would adapt and fit in. 

I felt good about what they were doing and I figured that the cultural differences I could deal with. That is until they told me that all of the women in the tribe were kept totally naked except for a red bandana with feathers in it and some crude leather sandals.  For the most part the women rarely left the village as they had so much to do. 

And, whenever a woman had reason to leave the village, she had her hands bound behind her back to prevent her escape. 

I naturally protested this mistreatment of the native women, but I was reminded that we were there only to solve the cholera problem and NOT to liberate the tribe’s women. 

Then a horrible thought hit me? “Um . . . you guys know that I am a woman, right?” My comment caused them to laugh. “What I mean is, I’m not going to have to be naked all the time, will I?” 

Dr. Dan tried to reassure me on both of my concerns. He told me that the tribe was used to seeing Westerners and had learned that we were different. As long as we didn’t disrespect their culture, they wouldn’t disrespect ours. It was hoped that by seeing us and our ways and seeing the improvements we could bring to village life that, over time, they might adapt to our way of life. He said so far that change had been slow in coming but some progress had been made. He cautioned me in the strongest possible terms NOT to be judgmental and to try and avoid disrespecting or criticizing their tribal ways. He was most emphatic that I just accept whatever I saw as perfectly natural and unobjectionable otherwise I might be the one that undoes all the good work TGV has worked so hard to do thus far. 

*****

Upon arrival after our long grueling flight, we made it through customs easily enough, thanks to Bob’s paperwork and experience. I had a little scare though as one of the customs officials inspected my luggage and made a big deal of holding up several of my panties to his coworkers, who all got a good laugh at seeing the frilly sexy under things. His motions were very animated and prolonged even prancing around to several others waving them in the air so they all could get a good look. I was embarrassed enough having the customs people ogling my intimate things but when I saw that Builder Bob and Dr. Dan were also enjoying the view, and laughing, I wanted to crawl under a rock and hide! 

After several more hours of travel in an all-terrain vehicle over what I guess passed as roads in this remote area we finally arrived. The village was just like the photos Dr. Dan had showed me back at his office. They lived in primitive grass huts in a heavily forested area. 

We joined other TGV volunteers who had already been there a week installing the septic system, all men, mostly college aged kids except for Dr. Dan who was my age and of course me, the only women in the volunteer group. We were all to stay in the same primitive hut constructed by other TGV volunteers on a previous trip. The tribe was indeed very courteous and welcoming. I was uncomfortable learning I was going to sleep with 6 young men in the same small hut, but my body thought differently and seemed to welcome the idea. 

Builder Bob, as he was even called by the natives and Dr Dan were somewhat fluent in the language and dialect of the Tribe and all communication was handled through them. I say “somewhat” fluent as it seemed extensive use of hand gestures were an important part of filling in any gaps in the language and supplementing their understanding. The native food was actually good, though we religiously used the bottled water that we had brought with us for drinking and washing utensils. During down time, I enjoyed entertaining the children and watching the women cook and go about their daily chores – all naked, of course which was disconcerting to me. The men wore loin cloths thank goodness and a few of the tribal men also wore primitive-looking vests which was probably a status thing, but the women just let it all hang out. 

I got many curious looks from both the tribal men and women, which I surmised was based on the fact that, as a woman, I was fully dressed. I suspected that they didn’t get to see many Western women in this remote area. I couldn’t help but wonder if I was the first one! The fact that I had shoulder length blonde hair and fair white skin only added to their curiosity marking me as “different” from the rest of the tribal women. 

Dr. Dan used me as an assistant in the infirmary that he set up getting supplies that he needed and helping to hold an uncooperative child while inoculating them. It was really VERY rewarding work and I was glad that I found the courage to come along. At the end of each day, I was exhausted. 

There were only 7 TGV volunteers – 6 men and me – on this trip and we all slept communal style in hammocks that hung from the walls. Being surrounded by all those virile muscular guys was a bit exciting but, aside from the occasional good-natured sexist jokes here and there to relive tension, it had been a great experience so far. 

It was awkward seeing the women of all ages completely naked – all women except me, of course and that was still very unnerving.  It didn’t take long for it to become apparent to me that the men in the tribe seemed puzzled that we allowed “our woman” to wear clothes and run around without a male escort. I was starred at a lot with what I took to be disapproving looks but, in fairness, they could have been looks of curiosity I suppose. After all I suspected it was rare for them to see a modern Western woman dressed like I was doing the work of men.  Still, they were friendly and helpful to me, though it was obvious their own women weren’t afforded such polite deference. 

When Builder Bob and his college guys finished constructing the sewage pipes, lavatories and bathing facilities, it seemed to be fascinating to the tribe as they had no idea what these structures were.  As I had already painfully learned with first-hand experience, clearly “going in the bushes” or worse, “going in the river,” was the norm here and they didn’t see the need for all this stuff and some serious education on the necessity of changing their sanitation habits was needed if their health was to be improved. 

It was clear it was going to take a fair amount of effort to get the tribe to use the toilets we installed, but apparently it was even going to be more difficult to get them to use the showers or submit to the medical exams.  The chief insisted that we demonstrate this newfangled stuff. He even suggested, jokingly I hoped, that I should be the first, since, if something went wrong, it wouldn’t be much of a loss. 

The next day Dr. Dan was told by the chief that after much discussion from the tribal elders that they definitely were insisting that I be the first person to demonstrate the new facilities as they weren’t sure what was involved or even if they wanted to bother with it at all. They distrusted the modern looking devices.  I kept shaking my head “no,” totally at a loss for words. 

The guys called Dr. Dan and I aside and Bob explained that he was at that meeting with the chief the previous night and that he had thought he had persuaded them to try out the showers and that he told the Chief that he should lead by example and be the first to take a shower and go through a medical comprehensive exam. Bob thought everything was settled but this morning he found out that apparently, after much discussion with the elders after he left, that the consensus was that it was foolish to risk the life of their leader on something so strange and the women unanimously with refused to go through with the exam by a strange man. There was nothing wrong in their eyes with the old ways they have used for years. The only way they would agree to it was if “our woman” went through it first as they looked on.  The thinking was that if it was really safe then we shouldn’t be afraid to do it first. After all, I was only a woman of no consequence if things went bad. 

I began to get a little nervous but Dr. Dan said that he wanted to have a private word with the chief. He was sure he could work something out and he could explain how these things would keep them from getting sick and dying. 

We all returned to our hut and several hours passed. It was beginning to look like things weren’t going to be as easy as Dr. Dan had thought. 

More time passed.  Then more time went by. Occasional laughing could be heard from the Chief’s hut which I took to be a good sign but the meeting seemed to drag on. 

Finally, Dr. Dan returned looking rather defeated and disappointed. “Damn it all,” he said angrily. “All of our hard work for nothing. I just can’t believe this.” 

Bob and the others gathered around wanting to know what happened but Dr. Dan just sat there looking out at nothing in particular as if in deep thought. No one dared interrupt this awkward silence. 

Finally, he looked at me and let out a sigh and in a forlorn soft voice said, “Tami, I should never have talked you into coming.” 

“Why? What’s happening? What’s wrong?” 

“The chief says that if we aren’t willing to do as they ask and have you demonstrate what we want the tribe to do, then we can just pack up and leave and not come back. They will see our hesitation as not dealing with them honestly – that we are up to something or don’t believe in what we are saying. Our failure to accede to their demands reinforces their distrust.” 

“Oh . . .” I said softly.  “I see . . .” 

Dr. Dan shook his head.  There is a lot riding on this to be sure and naturally I’ll not force you to comply.” 

After some period of silence, I spoke up, “I don’t mind. I see how hard you all have worked and how primitive their culture and their simple life is here and I believe the changes you all have made can make a big difference. I’ll do it.” 

“That’s very nice of you but there is something you should know. While I suspect that the chief is being honest in his concerns, the chief also said that the men of the tribe had told him that they had never seen a naked white woman before and were looking forward to seeing one. That sounded a little creepy to me.” 

My heart began to beat a little faster and I felt that familiar tingle ‘down there.’  I stood there silently trying to collect my thoughts until I heard myself speak out, “I understand and I still think it’s important to continue your work with the tribe. I know men will be men but the women here are apparently also concerned about what we are asking them to do and I think I owe it to them to help improve their lot in life. I may not be able to fix all of their problems socially but I can help you to improve their health. If a little demonstration to the chief and a few women will help allay their fears, a little embarrassment on my part will be worth it don’t you think?” 

I could see from the expression on his face that Dr. Dan was very proud of me at that moment. This tribe and the work he had done for them over the years was obviously very important to him. I was glad to help. Little did I know what I was getting myself into. 

Dr. Dan and Bob went back and continued their dialog with the chief. When they had finished it was getting quite late and the women still had the evening meal to prepare for, so it was decided to schedule the demonstration for the next morning. 

*****

I didn’t sleep much that night and the following morning came all too quickly. I am a shy and rather modest person by nature so doing something like this was terrifying and totally out of character for me. I was nervous yet at the same time I was experiencing something more than just fear of the unknown. I was aroused. Silly, I know, but I was. I mean, I didn’t know the chief nor the women and would likely never interact with them again. Dr. Dan was a professional so I wasn’t worried about him but there was no denying the sensations I was feeling. 

The first stop was the toilets Bob had constructed. They were of western design with a porcelain cistern and bowl filled from a gravity fed well. I opened the door to one of the outdoor stalls and, while still fully clothed, sat down pretending to urinate for the chief and two of his wives as they peered through the open door, which was all that could be accommodated in the lavatory area. As I got up to show them how to flush, I could see the confused looks on the faces of my audience. Clearly, they had no idea what was supposed to be happening. 

Mercifully, DR. Dan explained to the chief what I was demonstrating and then told me to actually flush the commode, which I did. The chief was impressed and wanted to try it for himself. He pulled aside his loin cloth and my gosh he was HUGE and that was with him soft if you know what I mean and I began to get wet with arousal. He sat down as I had done and started to pee. I had to struggle not to laugh at him. I certainly wasn’t going to explain that as a man he could stand up to pee. That thought alone had me giggling a bit before I once again caught myself. He was a little started at the sound of the flush but seemed fascinated that his waste magically disappeared down the hole. He kept depressing the lever several times obviously pleased with this strange phenomenon. 

He then urged his wives to try it and both naked women gave it a go and they too were fascinated by the flushing mechanism.  It was clear that they had no issue with the device and soon the “bush method” was going to be a thing of the past I thought. Mark one down in the “win” column for the TBV volunteers! 

*****

I knew I was going to have to get naked for the shower but, like the toilet area we had just left, the Showers all had modesty walls and individual doors. Knowing that it was likely only going to be the chief and his wives seeing me naked, like the toilet demonstration, I felt better about the whole thing. 

Then in a flash, my little fantasy world came crashing down. 

I was flabbergasted when I saw that, during the night, an apparently busy Builder Bob had removed the shower walls and doors, so now the area was totally open with three shower heads out in the open. I gave Bob a dirty look, but he just shrugged his shoulders as if this was all news to him. 

But that wasn’t the worst of it. Practically the entire tribe turned out to see my humiliation. They gathered around the shower platform as I started to take off my clothes. 

When I took off my blouse and placed it on the ground, I heard a soft murmuring from the crowd as if they were talking among themselves about something. This was one of the times that I really wished I could understand what they were saying. Their murmuring became louder and several pointed in the shower area.  I just knew they were talking about me somehow.  More and more people joined the conversation.  It got so frenzied that Bob came to the forefront and starting talking, occasionally pointing at me then resumed his talking and he soon he was able to calm the crowd. When he was finished, Bob paused and slyly turned to me and explained in English, that they were amazed at the bra I was wearing. They had no idea what it was. 

Bob said that he had to explain to them that my flowery bra wasn’t actually part of my body and told me to take it off and hold it up to the crowd so that they could see I was built like any other woman with tits and nipples and my skin didn’t have flowers on it. 

As embarrassing as it was, I did as he asked exposing my breasts feeling a bit like Vanna White displaying a prize to a studio audience. There were many “Oooh’s and Ahhh’s” as the tribal members studied the garment. Seeing their immense interest, Bob quickly took it from me and tossed it into the crowd. My bra was being passed around and disappeared from sight. That was the last I saw of it; I never did get it back. 

The moment of truth had arrived and I reluctantly removed my jeans and then turning around placing my back to the crowd I removed my panties. Bob took them from me before I could put them with my other garments and I snapped at him loudly, “DON’T YOU DARE!” I warned, thinking he was going to toss them to the crowd as well. He gave me a confused look as if he had no idea what I was talking about and carefully placed my panties with the rest of my clothes.  I looked back at the crowd and to my horror, not only were the members of the tribe witnessing my ordeal, but so were all of the volunteer college guys! They had muscled their way to the front of the crowd next to the chief and his wives so they all had front row seats to gawk at my nudity.  I wanted to just die. Who invited THEM?!! 

I wanted to get this over with as soon as possible so once again I turned my back to the group and turned on the spigot to start the flow of water, which was cold as there wasn’t a hot water heater of any sort. I carefully tested the temperature and then got under the spray. I got myself thoroughly wet and was about to turn off the water when Builder Bob stood right next to me in the shower area holding out a bar of soap. He was grinning from ear to ear as he looked me over from head to toe, clearly pleased at what he was seeing. I instantly felt that familiar sensation between my legs. The only person who has seen me naked this close was my husband. I was mortified but my body seemed to like the attention. 

“You need to use soap as they have no idea what it is. To clean themselves up to now, they usually only swam in the bacteria infested river,” he explained to me. “Take your time and lather up really well. Do your hair with the soap as well.” 

My brain understood the necessity of doing what he asked but my body wanted to run away and hide. This was so embarrassing. 

Still facing away from the crowd, I worked up a lather in my hands as there wasn’t a wash cloth of any kind and began soaping up my body. I started with my neck and arms then soaped my belly and legs. I then did my hair.  Which caused some of the women to gasp a bit. 

Dr. Dan spoke up and said rather loudly, “Tami, turn around so they can see what you are doing. They can’t really see much with your back to us.” 

I begrudgingly turned around and now facing the crowd, I repeated the soaping process. As I got to my lower belly, Dr. Dan yelled out, “Tami, make sure you really get those cracks and crevice’s. Take your time with those areas. I want them to know they must pay specially attention to these areas to prevent infection or yeast issues.” 

“Cracks and crevices?” 

Bob laughed aloud, “He means your pussy and your butthole, silly.” Dr. Dan elbowed him in the side to protest his crudity but I admit Bob did get his point across. 

Reaching down I worked my fingers into the inner folds of my sex sending shock waves up my spine. It felt so good doing this as all those college guys in the front row watched – no make that leered – at my rhythmic motions all in the name of cleanliness you understand. I couldn’t help myself. I picked out one particularly cute guy, I think his name was Frank, and looked him right in his eyes and held his gaze as I ostensibly washed myself. I was so close to having one hell of an orgasm. 

Then the cute guy whose eye’s I had been staring into smiled and began clapping softly, then the other college kids joined in and I lost it. I came so hard and visibly convulsed as my vagina spasmed with pleasure. Vaginal orgasms were rare for me as most were clitoral. I was sure it was one of, if not THE strongest orgasm, I have ever had. It seemed to go on forever, though I suspect in reality it passed quickly. 

All that happened as Dr. Dan had been talking to the crowd seemingly explaining why it was so important to be diligent in washing these areas – at least that’s what I hope he was explaining. My confidence waned when he abruptly stopped talking and turned around to face me as pretty much everyone – especially the women – began laughing hilariously. The look on my face must have been hilarious as I felt I had just been caught with my hand in the cookie jar. 

Dr Dan smiled, “I told the women that showering with soap can be a lot of fun; sort of an inducement for thorough washing, you understand.” 

Hearing the laughter, I began quickly and thoroughly rinsing myself off. I just knew they were having fun at my embarrassment having been caught out and I wanted out of there fast. 

After rinsing, I noticed I had no towel so I was still dripping wet, which felt rather good in this stifling jungle heat. I took Dr. Dan’s outstretched arm as he helped me off the shower platform and led me to the old and obviously well-used exam table that someone had moved from the medical hut to an open area in the field. 

He instructed me to sit on the edge of the exam table as he listened to my chest with his stethoscope. He placed it over my heart, and kept it there for a moment then removed it and gave a thumbs up to the tribe. He then looked right at the chief, held out his hand and spoke to him in is language. The chief walked over to me and stood right in front of me staring at my breasts and said something to Dr. Dan in return, who then chuckled a bit. 

Doc leaned in and somewhat softly explained to me, “He said your breasts don’t sag like the women in his tribe.” 

His remark caused the college kids to laugh aloud and several gave me the thumbs up sign as if to say they agreed with the chief. 

Dr. Dan put the stethoscope into the chief’s ears and put the end piece over my heart and held it there. I saw the chief’s eyes grow wide as he intently listened, clearly amazed at what he was hearing. Dr. Dan explained to him that he was hearing my heart beating which caused him to smile in understanding. 

The chief then removed the stethoscope and called up another member of the tribe and handed the earpiece to him. He too was fascinated and I felt good knowing that I was helping to enlighten them about the human body. It was all so innocent and very rewarding. 

He in turn handed the stethoscope off to another guy who also seemed amazed at the sounds coming from my chest, only he was a little more interested than the others and put his hand on the detector end and carefully took it from Dr Dan and listened. He then got a confused look on his face and began rubbing it all over my chest as if he was trying to find the strange beating sound again.  I yelped when he put the cold detector thing on my right nipple and moved it all around stimulating the sensitive nerves there sending shivers up my spine, obviously still listening intently for my heart. 

My small yelping, he mistook for something bad and quickly moved to the other side of my chest and put it on my left nipple causing me to gasp yet again as it strangely felt good. He said something to Dr Dan and chuckled.   Dr. Dan explained, “He says your heart is beating really fast now, like you are running.” 

The college guys once again guffawed all over themselves as they obviously knew the effect all this stimulation was having on me. My areolae had wrinkled up and my nipples were rock hard after all the touching. 

Dr. Dan then took the stethoscope from the tribesman and directed him to take his seat back in the crowd. Then, he reached into his medical bag and pulled out a thermometer and help it up explaining something in their native language. He then turned back to me and I opened my mouth preparing for him to insert the thermometer to take my temperature. 

“I’m sorry but I can’t take it that way, Tami. You see how ignorant these natives are about Western ways. If I put it in their mouth, they would surely bite down and try to eat it thinking it was some food or something. I can’t risk them swallowing glass so I want them to see me taking it rectally as if that was the normal way to take it. I’m sorry. but you’ll need to stand up and bend over the table here.” 

“WHAT?!!”  exclaimed in the strongest whisper of protest I could manage. 

“Needs must, I’m afraid. You are doing really well, Tami. We are making good progress here. Don’t spoil it now.” 

Seeing the necessity of the situation I reluctantly, and I mean VERY reluctantly did as he asked and stood up, turned my backside to the crowd and bent over the table. 

“Lean over all the way, Tami,” he instructed as he placed his free hand on my lower back and applied a gentle pressure until I was bent over as far as I could go and he was satisfied. He asked me to spread my feet farther apart until I felt like I was about to split open or at the very least lose my balance and fall to the ground. “Use your hand and pull your cheeks apart so they can see where this is going.” 

“Oh, for crying out loud . . .” I sarcastically snapped, but I did as he asked knowing that now both my sex AND my “butt hole” as Builder Bob referred to it was entirely visible to the tribe, not to mention the horny college guys. 

Then I felt something thick and greasy being rubbed along my anal cleft (between my butt cheeks to use the vernacular) and I immediately clenched my cheeks, instinctively trying to repel the invading finger. After being told to relax multiple times, I finally was able to untense my muscles and shortly afterward I felt my cheeks being separated and Dr. Dan began talking again to the tribe. This was so humiliating – you all have no idea. 

While he was droning on about who knows what as I was obscenely displayed, I suddenly felt his lubricated finger being inserted into anus. I squealed and clenched again at the sudden intrusion but I soon relaxed when I discovered that the gentle in and out motion of his finger lubricating my back passage with the Vaseline-type goo actually felt rather nice – REALLY nice if I am honest. I felt myself producing more of my own lubrication in my sex and I was worried that others would notice how really turned on I was. 

All too soon his finger was withdrawn and the thermometer was inserted and left there, weirdly sticking out pointing at the crowd and I blushed hard at that the thought of what it must look like to them. Dr. Dan resumed talking presumably explaining that it would take some time to obtain an accurate reading. All the while I stood there with the thermometer protruding from my rear end like a fence post stuck in the ground. I heard numerous snickering from the crowd which made me blush all the more so I buried my face in my hands, which turned out to be a mistake as the snickering then turned to outright laughter. 

Finally, the horrid tube was removed and I kept my position with my cheeks spread as Dr. Dan continued rambling on about something or another. He then asked me stand up and to sit on the exam table again as he then lowered the table back until I was at the right angle of about 45 degrees.  My heart began beating, no, make that racing as I saw him extend the stirrups. Surely, he wasn’t going to do a full pelvic on me, was he? In front of all these people? Was he out of his mind? 

Apparently, he was going to do just that as he asked a couple of college guys to help place my legs into the stirrups, which they were EAGERLY willing to do. I almost came right then and there when they pulled my legs apart. When I looked at the guys, their eyes were focused right on my vulva, which I knew was sopping wet. They were smiling. SMILING! Is there no shame in the world anymore? Respectable colleagues would have averted their eyes. No, not these guys. 

The speculum was inserted and Dr. Dan rambled on once again. The Chief came up, bent down right between my legs, so close I could feel his warm breath on my labia, and peered inside. I almost fainted when I realized what he was doing so I closed my eyes and endured the humiliation. 

Several more guys came up and did the same as the women stood there giggling. Lord knows what they must have been thinking. 

“The chief says you smell good Tami.” 

“Oh gawd!” was all I could say and felt my face turn beat red as my face flushed once again. 

After more lecturing I was released. Thank goodness it was all over and I scurried back to our hut the moment the assembly broke up, not wanting to engage in idle chatter with the college guys after what they had just seen. Besides, I had better things to do as my fingers had an appointment with a certain, highly wet bodily orifice that was throbbing for more attention. 

*****

I fell fast asleep after numerous intense orgasms and dreamed the sleep of the satisfied. I woke up the next morning to sounds of hammering and voices. I must have slept the rest of the afternoon and all through the night, obviously missing supper. 

After stretching, I noticed no one was in the hut so I got out of my hammock and suddenly became aware that I was still naked, causing me to blush when I realized the guys must have gotten a good look at me most of the night. I looked for my clothes but I remembered I had left what I had been wearing the previous day on the ground near the shower area after running off after the demonstration. I couldn’t find my small suitcase either. 

Just then Builder Bob walked in our hut and I immediately assumed the instinctive embarrassed naked female position with one arm covering my breasts and the over covering my pussy. 

“Morning sleepyhead. About time you got up.” he said smiling kindly. 

“Um . . . yes. Have you seen my suitcase? I can’t seem to find it.” 

Bob looking around for a moment then speculated that one of the guys must have loaded it on the cart to take back to the airport. “No worries,” he said. “We’ll sort it out later. Right now, I need to take you to the chief. He wants to see you right away. He has a gift for you.” 

“For me? How nice. I need to find something to wear and I’ll be right along.” 

“No way. Can’t offend the chief by keeping him waiting. He has been looking for you. We don’t want to piss him off after all we went through yesterday just to keep our relationship intact.  Besides it will only take a moment. Come on.”  He grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the hut, still naked as the day I was born, with me dragging my feet in protest. 

We didn’t have to go far as the chief was only a dozen few yards from us talking to Dr Dan. When we approached, I could see the chief was most happy to see me and extended his hands which were holding a very ornate, carved wooden box. It was beautiful. As he placed the box in my hands, he began speaking to me in a very animated fashion as if what he was saying was something very important. 

While the chief was talking, Bob made a subtle motion excusing himself and quietly left trying not to interrupt the speech. When the chief was through, Dr. Dan translated for me. “Tami, the chief has done you a great honor.  This is something I understand he has never done before – he is making you an honorary member of the tribe; a very high honor indeed. He wants you to open the box now.” 

I smiled appreciatively at the wooden gift and carefully opened it. Inside was a headband with four feathers – just like the ones the women of the tribe were wearing except they only had two feathers while I had four. Even I could understand the significance of the symbolism of this honorary gesture indicating how high he ranked me. There was also a thickly woven fabric collar or neck decoration of some sort which was very ornate and colorful with stones, beads and metal rings. It was similar to the ones the tribal women wore but much more elegant in design, again a sign of how much the chief was honoring me I supposed. 

Not knowing what to do, I gave the chief a heartfelt embrace, which he genuinely seemed to appreciate.  He was wearing a huge smile and bowed towards me slightly at the waist after our hug was over and began talking again. 

“The chief wants you to accompany him and some women of the tribe to a larger village to show you off to another chief letting them know that you are an important new member of his tribe and they should extend every courtesy to you should you ever meet again.” 

I nodded in agreement towards the chief and gave him another appreciative smile. With that the chief spoke to Dr. Dan again and then left. 

“Well, I never . . .” Dr. Dan said after the chief was no longer nearby. “I have been coming to this country for years attending to many, many tribes but I have never, ever seen a white woman, or man for that matter, treated with such high praise and honor as you have been. You must have made quite an impression. This will do wonders for our organization in the future. I am SO glad that you came on this trip, Tami Lynn. You have no idea.” 

“Thank you. I don’t know what to say.” 

Dr. Dan put the headband with the 4 feathers on my head and fastened the thick fabric neck collar around my throat and said we need to hurry up and join the chief. “As you can might well imagine he is anxious to show you off.” 

“Just let me find some clothes and I’ll be right with you.” 

“Tami!” the Doc remonstrated. “You aren’t seriously going to insult the chief by resuming your Western ways by wearing clothes, are you?  He has just paid you the highest honor I have ever seen a tribal chief do, making you a member of his tribe while you are here. You know tribal women never wear clothes. Don’t insult his customs by covering yourself. After yesterday I would think you could at least invest and hour or two of your time repaying the honor.” 

He had a point and I felt ashamed. Of course, he was right. I had to go along with the tribe’s ways. We would be leaving this village in a couple of hours so what difference did it make in the grand scheme of things? 

“Of course. Sorry,” I said and nervously followed him to where the chief and his women were standing. Dr. Dan pulled my hands behind my back and tied my wrists together. “What in the hell are you doing?” I snapped. 

“Tying your hands. You remember our discussion on the plane on the way over here about how the women were always tied when they traveled outside the village and how you went into your ethnocentric tirade about how absurd it was to treat women that way and I had to caution you about not trying to change the world all at once?” 

“Oh yeah, I remember. Sorry. Carry on.” 

When he finished tying my hands, a bit too tightly for my comfort by the way, the chief took a long rope and threaded it through a ring in each woman’s decorated neck piece including mine as I was the last in line – the rope linking us all together like some long leash or something. It was humiliating but I understood my role in not trashing their culture. 

The chief smiled at me politely, went back to the head of the line and started walking off with the women following him. As we went from one end of the village to the other towards the path that led away presumably towards the next village, Bob came up and walked along side of me. 

“I just want you to know I really enjoyed working with you. YOU are amazing.” 

“Thank you. I enjoyed working with you as well.” Just then I spotted the college boys taking down and disassembling the shower and toilet areas. “Bob, what’s going on? Why are they taking apart your showers and such? Did something break? Did the chief reject the idea of using them and wanted them gone? All that hard work . . . I don’t understand?” 

Bob had a wry smile on his face. “You ditzy blonde. You really don’t have a clue, do you?” 

“Huh? What are you talking about? I’m not ditzy.” 

Bob shook his head as if I was the dumbest person on earth. “We are taking this all that stuff down because we have to get ready for the next group to come to the village. You see, Dr. Dan and I are Human traffickers; white slavers if you will. We lure some unsuspecting woman or more into following us all the way out here and then sell your ass after an auction is arranged. The charade is just to keep you occupied and docile until enough buyers have seen your naked little ol’ self and they can examine the merchandise. There IS NO TRIBE, silly woman. Those were potential buyers checking you out. 

“Cut it out, Bob, you’re scaring me. You’re joking, right? 

“Afraid not, sweetheart.” 

“But . . . but what about the women in the village? Surely they were real?” 

“Nope. Captured females from other villages. We weren’t worried about them spilling the beans to you as none of them speak English.” 

My heart began to race and a cold ominous sweat broke out over my body. “You won’t get away with this, you bastard. When I don’t come back my husband will hunt you down.” 

Bob cracked a whip against my back causing me to jump. “Your husband? Hahahahhha. Who do you think paid for your ticket out here? Santa Clause?” 

I screamed all sorts of obscenities at that man. 

“Oh, your husband did tell me one thing about you. He said that you liked shopping and hoped you’d get a chance to see some stores and things while you were here before the inevitable.” 

“That’s true. Why are you telling me this?” 

“Oh, I just thought you’d like to know that you are going to a fairly large city with all sorts of shops and markets and such. It is a HUGE tourist destination with all sorts of European and American tourists eager to sample the foreign delights of our native country. You’ll get a chance to see some markets all right. You’ll be displayed in one having all sorts of interested men and women groping, poking and prodding your naked body. A fine, juicy woman like you will fetch a high price. Maybe one of your neighbors will be there and might actually buy you to use as their own personal sex slave. Your husband said he told all of your friends you were coming here to get sold as a slave. I understand there was a lot of interest. Who knows? Wouldn’t THAT be fun! See you around kiddo.” 
