My First Task
bygamecontroller©

I was nervous. Tomorrow I am going to participate in my first task. You see it all happened about six weeks ago. I was browsing the internet when I found this site that promised some excitement. All someone had to do was sign up to play a game and they would presented with a series of sexy challenges. I thought that it would be fun! All I had to do to participate was fill out a questionnaire. Apparently, the challenges were tailored to a person's specific fantasies. I guess I'm a closet exhibitionist because my challenge was to have nude pictures taken by a professional photographer. 

I was looking forward to my task. My name is Katy and I am a 25 year old college graduate with brown hair and blue eyes. I work out religiously so my 5'5'' 34-26-36 body is worth sharing. Although nervous, I was very excited. 

Each task has a series of points that could be earned during the process which was determined based on how far the person was willing to indulge. My task had a potential of 100 points which was broken down in the following:

•50 - Have nude photos taken by a professional male photographer

•10 - Get you pussy and anus waxed for the photos

•10 - Take the photos with Ben Wa balls firmly implanted 

•10 - Insert the Ben Wa balls in front of the photographer WITHOUT him knowing

•10 - Masturbate in front of photographer WITHOUT him knowing

•10 - Orgasm in front of photographer WITHOUT him knowing

I had decided to try to get ALL of the points possible. I have already had the waxing done and was a little surprised. I didn't realize the positions I was going to have to get into to have my pussy and anus waxed. Let's just say the technician knows me better than a lot of my boyfriends. I really like how smooth my pussy and anus feel and I couldn't keep my hands from playing with them. 

I had never used Ben Wa balls before and it took a little getting used to. I decided to wear them every day to make sure I would not have an embarrassing accident in front of the photographer. After a while, I really liked how they made me feel and my pussy muscles are pretty strong now! They made me feel very sexy. I was aware of their presence and would walk around squeezing my pussy muscles all day long. What fun!

I didn't think inserting them without the photographer knowing would be too difficult, but masturbating was going to be a challenge. I really enjoy myself when I masturbate and was worried that I would get too enthusiastic. So I practiced - A LOT! I first had to find a way to masturbate without anyone knowing. So I tried a number of different techniques. I finally figured a way to do it. Now armed with my new skills of silent orgasm and covert masturbation, I was ready!

I did a lot of research and found a photographer that was about 50 miles away. After I contacted him and explained the type of photos I was looking for, he confirmed the date and sent me some instructions. I was to be properly groomed (hair, nails, and pubic area) and I was not allowed to wear any tight clothing the day of the shoot (no bra or panties). 

The day finally arrived and I decided not to wear any clothes all day. I just hoped I wouldn't get any unexpected visitors. It was liberating walking around naked. I was thinking that I should do this more often. Anyway, I was getting really excited as the day progressed. I had to resist the urge to masturbate - that was tough! I figured if I didn't masturbate now, it would be easier to come later when I masturbated in front of the photographer. By the time I was to get ready, my pussy was dripping. 

The shoot was scheduled for 5PM and last for about 2 hours. I started getting ready around 2. I showered and prepared my hair and makeup. I put on a summer dress and left my house about 4PM. As I drove to the studio, I was quite aware of my nakedness. The sundress didn't really cover much. It was almost sheer. If the sun was behind me, I'm sure anyone who saw me would know I was naked. Again, I was getting myself excited. I had to focus! 

When I finally got to the studio, I was surprised by how gorgeous the photographer was. He was about 6' and 180lbs with brown hear and green eyes. He appeared to be built very well! I extended my hand and introduced myself and he said his name was Ken. When he touched my hand, it sent electricity right to my pussy. Now I was really worried! Was I going to be able to stay silent in front of him while I masturbated? Should I stay silent? I was telling myself to "Stay focused Katy." Anyway, he was very professional and showed me to the dressing room where I put my things. He told me to prepare myself and come into the studio when I was ready. 

This is it! I was about to stand naked in front of someone that I've just met, put something into my pussy and masturbate all without him knowing! I was so nervous and VERY excited. I took off my sundress, palmed my Ben Wa balls and strolled confidently into the next room. He explained the lighting and how important it was that I move with the lights in mind (didn't want any harsh shadowing). Afterwards, he went to his camera and told me to relax. He wanted to take some test shots to make sure that he had metered the lights correctly. 

It was then that I decided to put the Ben Wa balls in. I casually turned so my back was to him and slipped in one of the balls. I was SO wet that it went in easily. He was then ready to shoot. I asked him some stupid question to get his attention elsewhere and slipped in the other ball. Again, it went in easily and I almost came right then! I had to remember to remove my fingers from my pussy before he caught me.

It was then that I looked down and noticed that my nipples were very hard. I was so embarrassed. The photographer noticed my embarrassment and assured me that it was Ok. It was nothing that he hadn't seen before (if he only knew that I had something stimulating my pussy and that was causing my nipples to harden). He even mentioned that it made the photos much sexier! 

As the shoot went on, I started to get into it. I didn't even mind that my nipples were hard. As a matter of fact, I even played with them to make sure they were hard for the photos. This all lead to the task at hand (so to speak). I started my masturbation session by gently and accidently rubbing my clit. I did this under the guise that I wanted some photos with my hand covering my pussy. I also wanted to make sure my pussy lips were "adjusted properly" for the photos. This got me even more excited. There I was rubbing my clit in front of the photographer with Ben Wa balls in my pussy and my nipples as hard as rocks. I wasn't going to last too much longer!

I then started to cross and uncross my legs. Each time squeezing my thighs. I did this over and over until I was ready to scream - but I couldn't! I so wanted to just spread my legs and reach down to my clit and RUB and RUB until I came in a screaming heap! But I had to be covert. That is part of the game. I wondered if the photographer noticed. Could he tell that I was masturbating? Could he smell my sex? I was flush and ready to come. Just a little bit more and that is when he said that he had to switch lenses and memory cards. 

Oh my god! I was on the brink and I had to wait. I wanted a record of my orgasm. I needed one for the game. They needed proof. I also wanted to look at it later and know at the exact moment when I came. So I waited in agony. 

While waiting I could resist playing with myself, I decided to be bold. I was hoping that he was so distracted by what he was doing that he wouldn't notice that I had the fingers of my left hand lodged into my pussy while I rubbed my clit with my right. When he was ready to start again, so was I. It didn't take long before I came. Right in front of him and I don't think he even noticed. It was mind blowing! I'm sure I made some noise, but I didn't care. It was amazing. I was completely naked, in the throes of a mind blowing orgasm having my picture taken. What a rush! 

After I composed myself, I asked if I could have some water and that is when I realized that he did indeed notice. He handed me the water with a knowing smile. Apparently, I wasn't as quiet as I thought. Or, maybe it was the twitching that gave it away. In any case, all I could do was smile back and thank him for the water. I'm not sure how many points I got, but I'm ready for my next task!


My Second Task Ch. 01

My name is Katy and I play a game that challenges people to do things that they would not normally do. I'm 25 5'5'' with brown hair and blue eyes and have a 34-26-36 figure. It's been a week since my first task where I had photos taken of me nude and I just got a link sent to me from the photographer with the images (see "My First Task"). WOW! He is such a good photographer. I look so good. My eyes really pop and my breasts look pert. I really like by breasts. 

The poses were more artsy than erotic, but that's what I wanted. The one thing that made them erotic was that my nipples were hard in almost every image. Apparently, being super horny will do that to a girl. You couldn't see my pussy lips, but you could tell that my pussy and anus were waxed. I loved the way it felt – so smooth. I played with myself a lot just to enjoy the sensation. 

I was reviewing the images one-by-one admiring how sexy I looked when I finally got to the photo that captured the moment that I had my orgasm and that is when I realized that the photographer had to know. It was obvious that something was going on. My hand was between my legs and my face had an expression of passion. I masturbated many nights thinking of how wet and exited I was sitting in front of the photographer with my pussy filled with Ben Wa balls while I "secretly" masturbated. I'm getting wet again just thinking about it. 

I wanted to send the "Game Site" my proof so I submitted my photos to get my points. I then called my friend Susie and asked her to come over. I wanted to show her my photos and tell her about the "Game." She came over and I explained what I had done. She was excited, but not surprised. She always knew that I was a bit of an exhibitionist. After I showed her the images, she immediately identified the photo that captured my orgasm (now I was sure he knew). Oh well, I'll never see him again. As we sat there looking at the images, an email came in from the Game Site. It showed me how many points I accumulated in my first task. 

I only got 60 points out of a possible 100: 50 for nude photos and 10 for having my pussy and anus waxed. They explained that there was no way to tell if I had satisfied all elements of the task. Apparently, I needed a witness. The email also had a link to my next task. I had so much fun with my first task, I couldn't wait to see what my next task would be so I followed the link. 

When I initially read it, I didn't think it was too difficult. I was to go an entire week without panties and, whenever I was in my apartment, I was to be naked. Then I read the point breakdown. UGH! My task had a potential of 100 points which was broken down in the following:

•25 – No panties all week

•25 – No clothes when at home

•10 – Ben Wa balls firmly implanted when at home

•10 – NO masturbation until the last day

•30 - Masturbate for an audience on the last day

Susie read it with me and immediately volunteered to be my "Validator." I was surprised that she wanted to help, but excited that she was going to see me naked! Then it dawned on me – she was going to see me masturbate! Is that why she offered to help? I've never been with a woman, but I found the thought of masturbating for her very exciting. Darn it, I was getting wet again.

Since we work together, the plan was that she was going to stay with me the entire week to "validate" that I performed all elements of the task. It was Saturday and I wanted to start on Monday. So I thought that I would start with a new waxing. I wanted my pussy and anus to be smooth and was again surprised when Susie offered to escort me to the spa. She wanted to show some solidarity and get her pussy and anus done too. I called the spa and made reservations for two on Sunday. The thought of all this naked time with Susie was making me wet and that made me realize that the NO masturbation rule was going to be tough. 

On Sunday, Susie showed up at my apartment with a suitcase full of clothes. I only have a one bedroom apartment, so she would have to sleep on the couch. That is when she insisted on sleeping with me. She wanted to make sure that I didn't masturbate in the night. This means that I was going to be lying naked next to her and I wouldn't be able to touch myself - UGH. I should explain that Susie is beautiful. She has blonde hair (I'm sure it is not her natural color) and brown eyes. She is the same height as me and built similarly. We go the gym together to keep in shape. Although I've never been with a woman doesn't mean that I don't masturbate thinking about them and she has been the subject of some of my fantasies. 

Monday

Susie and I woke up to start our day. I of course was naked. This wasn't the first time Susie has seen me naked. We go to the gym together all the time and she sees me in the locker room and shower without clothes. I decided it was time to strut my stuff. I pranced around naked and bent over and showed her my pussy every chance I got. This lasted only for a little while because we had to get ready for work.

We both showered and got ready for work. I dressed in a nice blue skirt and white silk blouse. I wondered if I could get extra points if I didn't wear a bra. I decided that I should just go without panties my first day and think about it for another day. I got a little jolt of excitement when I lifted my skirt to show Susie that I was naked underneath. It was then that Susie lifted her skirt to show me that she was sans panties too (again, solidarity). Her pussy looked so good and I know that it had to be smooth. Crap, I was getting wet already and the day had just started. 

We left for work and the day was somewhat uneventful. On occasion, Susie would come over to me and make sure that I was still without panties. Flashing her sure did make my pussy wet. When we got home, I immediately stripped. Strutting around the apartment naked in front of Susie was getting me worked up. Susie then thought that it would be a good idea for us to go work out. So she handed me some tights and a sports bra and started to get dressed in her workout gear. 

The thing was, the tights she handed me were not mine. She had bought some tights just for the occasion. When I looked at them, they seemed normal. It wasn't until I put them on that I realized she bought me a size too small. They were stretched to the point where they were almost transparent. The thought of being "almost" naked in front of everyone really excited me. If someone really paid attention, they would see EVERYTHING! My pussy started getting wet (again). 

We went to the gym and did our normal workout. I'm not sure if I was getting more attention than normal or I was just aware of my condition which made me hypersensitive. In any case, I was getting really horny thinking that people were able to see my bare pussy and ass as I worked out. When we finished, Susie suggested that we get a bite to eat on our way home. We just wore our workout gear and went to a local watering hole. Again, I was either hypersensitive or a lot of people were staring at me. 

I wanted to run home and MASTURBATE! But Susie was there to make sure I didn't. After we got home, I stripped and strutted around naked. Again, bending over every chance I got. I loved showing her my pussy and it was making me very wet.

As it got late, we decided to have a glass of wine and watch some TV before turning in. After we watched some TV and I showed her every inch of my body, we went to bed. As we laid there, I was very aware of my nakedness. Susie was under the covers with me and her leg was touching mine. The heat from her body was making me crazy. I was so distracted, but eventually I fell asleep with no satisfaction. 

Tuesday

The morning started off the same as the previous day. We both showered and got ready for work. As we got dressed, I flashed her my pussy and Susie again went without panties. We went to work and the day was the same as the previous. Susie would make sure I was still without panties throughout the day. However, this time, instead of me flashing her, she would reach under my skirt to "validate" that I didn't have any panties on. This was agony. Someone was touching my pussy and I wasn't allowed to masturbate. She was getting bolder with each "validation." Spreading my lips, touching my clit and anus. UGH!

When we got home, I shed my clothes like I was supposed to and we decided to stay home. I went to the bathroom and when I returned she told me that she ordered some pizza. That is when it dawned on me, she wanted me to answer the door and pay for the pizza when it arrived. I of course would be naked! I was now getting really horny. Some stranger was going to see all my naught bits. When the doorbell rang, I boldly opened the door and stood there naked as the day I was born much to the surprise of the pizza delivery guy. I told him that I lost a bet and had to answer the door and pay him with no clothes. He didn't complain, but he did take a long time to give me my change. 

We sat on the couch together, ate our pizza and had some wine as we watched TV. As the night went on, I would spread my legs to show Susie my pussy and, in return, Susie became more and more bold. She would touch me whenever she had a chance. She brushed her hand across my breast, gently rubbed my leg, and even touched my pussy. That is when she remembered the Ben Wa balls. I was supposed to have Ben Wa balls in my pussy whenever I was home. 

She asked if I put them in and I told her I forgot about that element of the task. She asked where they were and I told her. She rushed into my bedroom and retrieved them. She handed them to me and watched as I inserted the first one. I spread my legs so that she got a good view. My pussy was so wet from all the naked time and touching that it slipped in easily. As I was about to insert the second one when Susie asked if she could do it. I looked at her and saw the desire in her eyes. I handed it to her knowing that I would not last the evening without masturbating. I had to come! 

She took the ball and started to insert it. She took her time. She wanted to make sure that it was in the right place. Once in, she started to play with my clit. Oh my god! I needed some relief. She commented about how smooth my pussy was and really liked the way it looked. This was too much. I think she noticed the agony on my face because she explained that if she played with my pussy, that it wouldn't be masturbation and I could still get all of the points. I liked it! Although I've never been with a woman, I was so horny that I would let anyone play with my pussy at that point. 

So there she was, rubbing my clit slowly. She was sure not to make me come too quickly. Apparently, she had a plan. She wanted to torture me first. She then told me that she would finish me off AFTER I made her come. I was in such a state that I quickly agreed. She got undressed and presented me with her pussy. Instinct took over. I decided to play with her the way I wanted to be played with. I started with a kiss. Her lips were so soft. I couldn't help myself. I then worked my way down to her breasts. I sucked her nipples and they got real hard. I then slowly kissed my way down to her pussy. 

I've never seen a pussy this close before and thought it was beautiful. With her recent waxing, her pussy was so smooth and soft. I loved kissing it. I then sucked on her pussy lips. I liked it when men did this to me. I eventually worked my way up to her clit and started to play with it. At this point, she was going crazy. She grabbed the back of my head and shoved it into her pussy. I got the hint. I started to really pay close attention to her clit. I moved my tongue as quickly as I could until I heard her moan. I continued until she screamed and shoved her pussy into my mouth. She came so hard and I knew that I was next.

After she calmed down, she told me it was my turn. She took a different approach. She grabbed my legs and threw them in the air which made me feel very vulnerable. There I was with my feet next to my ears and my pussy exposed for her to pleasure. I looked down to see her between my legs looking at my smooth pussy with passion in her eyes and couldn't wait to feel whatever she was going to do to me. 

She started by licking my anus. This I did not expect. Although I've never had this done before, I found it very exciting. At this point, I was sure that I was not her first woman. She licked my ass for what seemed like forever before she got to my clit. While she licked my clit, she started rubbing my anus with her finger. This was a new sensation. Just then my orgasm started unexpectedly, it was at that point that she shoved her finger into my anus which sent a bolt of electricity up my body. WOW! Now that was an orgasm. She simply smiled at me as I came down. Needless to say, we slept real well that night.


