When Tina woke up to find a beautiful boy curled up at the foot of her bed, she smiled. It had been almost dreamlike, getting a slave of her own, having him pleasure her, but it was all of a sudden Tina's reality. She had always known that she lived a charmed life. She had always known that she was truly blessed. She leaned over and stroked his hair lightly.

To her surprise, he woke up instantly, face and entire body just flinching."I'm sorry miss," he said quickly, the response automatic.

"I didn't even attempt to wake you," she chided, though she knew his time with the traders was not pleasant. He was probably very scared of sleeping when not permitted to do so. "I was merely admiring you." He calmed some but was alert, on edge. "I am going to try and get that collar today," she said decisively, fingers running over his bare throat. "That way I can take you out and we can go shopping for some clothes and... some other items." Tina had been to the adult shop before, on her seventeenth birthday with Quinn and Mercedes but she had never dreamed of using that stuff until now. Owning a beautiful boy was raising her confidence levels to epic heights. She almost had to force herself to breathe, to limit her swelling ego.

Mike nodded slowly. "Yes...Tina," he said.

She pat his cheek gently. "Good boy," she said. She picked up her phone and dialed her mother's servant, Nina. When the woman answered, Tina spoke confidently. "Hello Nina. Can you run and get me some basic men's clothing for a tall, fit boy and send one of my father's employees to get me a slave collar from the shop. Yes, a nice one. Black leather, silver ring for sure, I want somewhere to hook a leash."

She smirked at Mike, who lowered his eyes and addressed Nina cordially. "Thank you, you're darling."

She hung up the phone and smiled at Mike. “Nina’s been with my family for years,” she explained gently. “She’s been my mother’s slave, yes, but also her closest confidant. She is a wonderful woman; you will have to meet her.”

“I would love to,” Mike said quietly. She frowned some and grabbed the blanket from the side of her bed and draped it over his naked body. “You must be cold. I’ll get dressed and by the time I do, I’m sure Nina will have those clothes for you.”

Tina went to her closet and chose a skirt for the day. She shamelessly showed off as she slipped it up her waist. The confidence brimming was doing something good for her. She wasn’t too confident in herself or her body before, but that was growing fast too. She got dressed, slipping on her blouse and buttoning it. Perfect.

She brushed her hair, looking to Mike. He had not moved much, just draped the blanket around his shoulders a little tighter.

There was a knock at the door. “That was fast,” she said as the woman who appeared in the door handed her a folded up pile of clothing. “Thank you so much.”

“It was no issue Miss Tina,” she said softly. Nina was older, around her mother’s age, with dark black hair and pretty eyes. She was a slave, but she was more like her mother’s sister. “Your mother told me that you had brought a boy into the house, so I was prepared to get the clothing quickly. Your father’s associate Henry should be here with the collar you requested soon.”

The woman looked at Mike, and smiled shyly.

She hugged the woman with one arm, dismissed her, and then examined the clothing after she turned to leave.

“Not bad,” she said. “We’ll do better later when we shop for ourselves, but this will do. C’mere Mike.”

He came to her, letting the blanket fall off his naked body. She slipped the plain black shirt over his head, unable to resist ruffling her slave’s hair as she did. “Cutie,” she said. She put on his underwear and pants, fixing and straightening them out. “Adorable.”

She sat him back down on his bed. “Where did you come from originally Mike?” she asked. “How long were you a slave?”

“I came from California, Miss,” he said quiet. He seemed to get more subservient and awkward at her questioning. His eyes showed a lot of thought behind them as he considered the answer he gave her. “I have been a slave for most of my life. I cannot really remember a time before. I just turned seventeen and was old enough to be sold this year.” She saw sadness in the boy’s eyes and pat his face.

“That collar will show up soon. I can’t wait for you to see this town for real and not just the slaver's place up North.”
They were both quiet for awhile, until her father’s associate came, eying Mike and handing Tina the nicest collar she had seen in awhile.

The collar was light in her hand, shiny black leather-like material, with a silver D ring at the front. It was just what she wanted and perfect, especially on such short notice. She clasped it around his throat, tightening it just a little, her fingers lingering on his skin even after it was locked into place. “I love it,” she said, her eyes big. “Tell me Mike, what do you think about it?”

He looked up. “I love it, of course,” he said softly. She wasn’t sure if he was telling her the truth or that was what he was trained to say, but she still was glad to hear it from him.

“Of course you do,” she said softly. “Let’s go. I want you to stay very close to me. I haven’t obtained a leash just yet and people can get handsy with slaves that wander too far. I will not see that happen to you.”

Mike nodded obediently and stuck very close to her as they left her room and rounded the hallway, towards the front door. Her family home was elaborate, symbol of their status, but still simple at the same time. Tina opened the door and Mike followed her like a puppy dog, staying very close by.

They wandered through the town, first heading to Tina’s favorite clothing shop. It was a little bit high end for a slave but Tina had the money put aside and nothing was too good for Mike. They had a lot of clothes for young men that she knew would look positively handsome on him. She opened the door and walked through, Mike trailing behind.

The owner was a young woman who recognized her. “Hello Tina,” she said. “Oh who is this? I didn’t know your family owned a new boy.”

“This is Mike,” Tina said. “He’s not the family’s slave. He’s mine. I need to have some clothing fitted for Mike here.”

The woman lit up, knowing for a fact that Tina was a potential great sale. “Oh amazing,” she said and immediately got to work.

Tina backed off while the woman handled her slave, measuring him. Mike did not seem very comfortable in the slightest, but Tina could not do much to make the experience less awkward. The woman was an enthusiastic sales’ person and she knew that she was making a fantastic sale on a wealthy and impulsive girl like Tina who was very fond of her slave. “What a beautiful boy Tina,” she cooed, while she worked. “You are lucky indeed. A girl your age, with such a lovely boy for your own. I take it you’re going down to Ambers’ shop today as well?” She winked.

Tina smiled. “Yes, that’s our next stop.” John Ambers shop was the adult shop she could not avoid today. She was a teenage girl with a lot of opportunity, it was only natural.

“Nice,” she said. “Well I have all of your lovelies’ measurements, so pick out your purchases from the catalog.”

Tina drew Mike to her, as the woman retrieved her a catalog. She opened it up and skimmed over a few things. “I like this, and this…and what do you think of this Mike?” she asked, as she showed the boy a picture of a crimson button up shirt with black design along the side.

“It’s very nice Miss,” Mike mumbled. Poor dear seemed overwhelmed.

Tina made quick work of the clothes. Despite the fact that she had a love for clothing that no girls could really match, she knew that Mike was uncomfortable and wanted to get to the fun part of their excursion.

“You’ll always be pretty Mike,” she told him, as they left. “I have a real clothing kick, I must admit. I think we’ll have more fun at this next shop though.”

The adult shop was discreet, but very large. It was funny that Tina had this at her back door, a fantastic adult toy store at her disposal, but Tina was accustomed to getting what she wanted. It was a very popular place.

Tina inhaled sharply and glanced around the store as they entered it. She could feel Mike tense up next to her and chuckled a little bit. "Well I haven't been here in awhile. This place is interesting."

She glanced around.

"Hey I thought I heard a familiar voice. Tina!"

Tina turned around to find Santana Lopez standing in front of her. The girl was wearing a nametag. "Woah, you work here?" she asked. "Since when?"

The girl crossed her arms and gave Mike an intense look over. "Since a couple of weeks ago. I see my job isn't the only thing going on Tina." She touched Mike's arm and stared at him with the predatory gaze Tina recognized as her signature. "Is he really yours?"

Tina possessively touched Mike's arm and nodded at Santana's questioning.

"Damn girl," Santana said, looking up and down appreciatively. "I wish my family had the bucks like yours or Fabray's. Between Quinn's new boy and this, I'm quite jealous. Guess I'll have to start saving my paychecks. Unless you care to share."

Tina shook her head. Mike kept looking at the ground, uncomfortably, so she took him by the arm. "It's nice seeing you again Santana," she said quietly. She moved Mike down the hall into the corner of the store. "I'm sorry about her Mike. I just wanted to get us out of her way as soon as possible. We're sort of friends but she doesn't like to just look." She felt him shiver. "Don't worry," she said laughing. "You're off limits to her."

She walked down the aisles and found just what she was looking for. Restraints. She bit her bottom lip. "Take a look at these," she said, picking up a pair of leather cuffs. They were pretty high end and she liked them a lot. She picked up a basket from the corner of the aisle and handed it to Mike. "Hold this love," she said, putting the restraints into the little basket. Mike was looking at everything with raised eyebrows.

He was so adorable it was painful.

Blindfold. Gags of several kinds. Tina definitely liked the way this store worked, and the fact that she could make Mike stare like an idiot over some of her choices. She walked across the aisle, and her eyes lit up when she found even her kink limits being pushed by some of the large as hell sex toys. She was a kinky girl too. She might have only had sex once, but god, her fantasizes were quite unlimited. Floggers. Oh hell, yes. Plugs. A strapon vibrator. Oh she hadn’t even thought about the idea.

Tina Cohen-Chang was going to go broke. She didn’t care if she spent her allowance for the year though.

She looked at Mike and once again met that dumbfounded, cute smirk. “Oh, let’s get some condoms,” she said when they were done, as if that wasn’t out of place with all of the kinky fantasies she was obviously having while shopping.