

                  

Nerve Endings - 14
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

My Aunt comes to stay for a while, and takes us 
shopping in her far out convertible. (F/ff-teens, exh)

***

Angie and I were measuring each other on the door jam 
to see if we had grown any this summer, when we heard 
the phone ring downstairs. We dropped everything and 
tore down the stairs to see who was calling. Mom was 
talking a mile a minute to someone, so we knew it must 
be my rich Aunt, who lives in New York.

She finally hung up, and smiled at us.

"Guess who's coming to visit, kids! My sister, Kay, 
just got into town, and will be here for a week. Dad 
will be out of town, so I offered to put her up here. 
She'll love you guys! And, if you are nice to her a 
shopping trip will probably be in order."

"Cool, Mom, is she going to sleep with you in your 
bedroom?"

"No. She said the sofa bed in the den would be okay. 
She doesn't want to be a bother to us while here. 
Anyway, she is beautiful and really smart. Maybe she 
can teach you guys something, suppose?"

"Yeah, right, Mom. We might be able to show her a few 
things that she doesn't know!"

Angie and I broke down in a giggle fit, as mom frowned. 

"Now, listen here you two! I want you to behave while 
she's here, and wear clothes, and cool the sex play 
around her. I want her to think we are proper ladies, 
not the little sluts that you think you are."

We giggled even harder, as we held each other, and gave 
mom our best sultry looks.

"Mom! How can you say that about your sweet little 
girls? We are pure as the wind driven snow!"

Mom blushed, and said, "Oh, really? What about out by 
the pool yesterday?"

"That was all your fault, Mom. Can we help it if you're 
a sex starved pervert? Imagine, attacking your innocent 
little girls! How rude!"

Mom blushed even more, and bit her lower lip, as we saw 
her remembering how she finger fucked us both at the 
same time.

"I really didn't mean to do that. I don't know what 
came over me. I just saw your cute little bodies lying 
there, and I lost it, big time. It won't ever happen 
again, I assure you."

Angie looked at me, and we hugged Mom, and assured her 
it was not her fault. What could she do with too little 
nymphomaniacs like us around. Mom laughed, and slapped 
our buns.

"Get upstairs and make yourselves presentable. She'll 
be here any minute".

We raced back upstairs, and dug through the closet to 
find something outrageous to wear. No way was any Aunt 
going to cramp our style! We were giggling constantly, 
as we tried on each outfit, each one trying to outdo 
the other on sexiness.

We finally decided that Angie would wear a little tube 
top, and a pair of really tight shorts, with 'yummy' 
written across the back. I chose the same type of 
shorts, only mine said 'Jealous?' on the back. I had a 
loose, spaghetti strapped, crop top, with 'Hot' across 
the front, in pink letters. It barely covered the 
bottom of my breasts, and my nipples pushed the top 
out, so I could see my belly button looking down from 
above.

We did our 'side by side' in front of the mirror to 
check out the effect, and we gasped, as we looked each 
other over. My shorts were so thin that my cunt lips 
were outlined clearly, where the material sank between 
them. Angie's shorts, as usual, were pulled up into her 
puffy little cunt, and her big clit was clearly evident 
as it pushed the center out. Her thin tube top did 
little to hide her long nipples, which were poking out 
hard beneath the fabric.

"Wow. We really look like two little sluts, like Mom 
said!"

That did it. We shrieked in uproarious laughter, and 
fell on the bed, with tears running down our faces. It 
took us forever to stop laughing. But finally we got it 
under control. We looked at each other, and I chuckled, 
and we started in again, only worse. 

Mom yelled at us to knock it off, so we calmed down. We 
wiped our faces, and brushed our hair, so we looked 
really cute, and headed down stairs.

Mom looked up as we came down, and gasped, as she ogled 
out bodies. Her lips started trembling, and I could 
tell she was fighting the impulse to throw us both down 
on the hall floor, and fuck the daylights out of us! 
She chewed her lower lip, as she tried to look away 
unsuccessfully. The lust in her eyes was really 
awesome, and I started getting wet just watching her.

Angie was clenching her knees together to hold her cunt 
shut, and I was gasping for air through my parted lips.

We stood there for a long time, just raping each other 
with our eyes, until the doorbell shocked us back to 
reality. Mom straightened her blouse, and fluffed her 
blonde hair, and opened the door.

My mouth fell open, and my eyes must have gotten really 
big, as I took in the beautiful woman looking down at 
me. I was seeing just what I would look like, when I 
was fully grown. She was about five and a half feet 
tall, with a blonde ponytail, and bright blue eyes, 
that bored right into my soul. But the body was what 
took my breath right out of my gaping mouth!

She had large, perfectly proportioned breasts, with the 
same big puffy nipples that I have. They were clearly 
visible through the see through blouse she was wearing. 
Her suit coat was open, since it was already hot out, 
and her nipples kept it pushed aside. 

Looking on down her body I noticed the shine of a belly 
button ring beneath the sheer fabric. Her short mini 
skirt showcased a pair of flawless legs, and she had a 
little gold anklet around one dainty ankle.

Talk about a thousand watt smile! She was radiant! And 
I was mesmerized! I held Angie's hand so tight, that I 
could feel the circulation shutting off to my fingers. 
She was gripping just as hard, and looked shell 
shocked. I felt her trembling through her hand, and 
squeezed harder to calm my own racing heart. I'm sure 
Aunt Kay had to have noticed my heaving chest, as the 
spaghetti straps fought to contain my bulging nipples.

Mom watched our reaction and said,

"Kay, let me introduce my daughter, Jan, and her bosom 
buddy, Angie. Kids, this is your Aunt Kay."

I was speechless, so I just stood there and trembled. 
Kay looked me up and down, and I saw a look in her eyes 
just like mine. It said, "God, I want to fuck you soo 
bad!!"

I let go of Angie and stepped forward, as my Aunt 
opened her arms, and pulled me to her breasts, in a big 
bear hug. My head was pushed right in between those 
luscious nipples, and I had to fight not to take one in 
my mouth and suck it hard. The heat coming out of the 
transparent blouse was like a hot iron pressed against 
my face. I wrapped my arms around her slim waist, and 
clung tight as she kissed my cheek.

"How are you, sweetie? We finally get to meet. I've 
heard so much about you over the years, that I think I 
already know you. God, are you ever cute!" Then she 
whispered softly, so the others couldn't hear, "And 
sooo sexy! That outfit makes my knees weak!"

I gasped, as I heard her say that, and I held on tight, 
as I had an orgasm wrack my cunt. She sensed it, and 
held me tighter, until it passed. Then she released me, 
and turned to my little lover, and did the same to her. 
Angie closed her eyes, as she shook in my Aunt's arms. 
Her little legs were shaking as Kay held her up.

Finally she turned and hugged my mom again, and we 
closed the door, and went into the den to catch up on 
old times. Angie and I sat beside Kay, and my mom sat 
across from us. Both of us were still shaken by the 
orgasms, and we held hands as we tried to catch our 
breath.

We heard all about her job as an advertising executive 
in New York. It sounded really exciting. Then she 
turned to us and asked us about school, and our summer, 
and Angie's folks.

I could feel the heat of her gaze on my nipples, and I 
fidgeted as I answered all her questions. I knew she 
could see almost all of my breasts, because my nipples 
were so hard the top was hanging just off the tips, and 
pulling way out from my body. Angie nudged me, and 
whispered quietly, "Jan, I can see clear down to 
munchkin land."

I looked down, and was surprised that my nipples were 
so distended. Boy was I ever turned on! I squeezed 
Angie's hand and gulped big breaths, which caused my 
top to move even further out. I turned back to my Aunt 
and caught her leering at my breasts, and I blushed, as I 
looked quickly over at Mom, to see if she had noticed 
how flustered I was.

Mom winked, and smiled, as she got my aunt's attention 
again, and I sighed with relief, amid some feelings of 
disappointment, too. I liked the feelings shooting 
through me, knowing my Aunt was turned on by my young 
nipples. Angie snuggled close, and hugged my arm, as 
she held my hands.

Kay looked over at us, and grinned.

"I see you two are really close, aren't you?"

We nodded, and grinned, as we exchanged looks.

"We have been close for a long time. We like the same 
things, and the same people, and we have a lot of fun 
together," I said.

"That's wonderful that you are so much alike, But what 
about boys? Surely two little pixies like you have them 
breaking down the doors!"

Angie and I exchanged looks again, and she piped up,

"Jan and I are too busy right now for boys. We are 
trying to get all 'A's, and we swim and bike, and do a 
lot of other time consuming things."

She poked me in the ribs, as she said that last 
comment, and I nudged her back. That brought on a round 
of giggling. Mom and Kay exchanged inquiring looks, and 
then Kay asked, "What other time consuming things do 
you do?"

Oh, boy, were we in trouble now.

I said," We go shopping quite a bit, and we have my 
school buddies over all the time to swim, and we baby 
sit, and help mom, and odds and ends."

She stared into my eyes, and grinned slyly, as she 
looked back and forth at Angie and me.

"I think you two have something up your sleeves, don't 
you?" She asked.

Angie giggled, and looked at my top.

Kay saw the look and laughed, "I don't mean that 
literally. It's very plain that neither of you could 
hide anything up your sleeves in those skimpy little 
tops!"

Mom laughed and said, "They think they are the sexiest 
things alive, don't you girls?"

We giggled, and nodded, and giggled again, as we gave 
Mom our sultry slut looks. Mom gave us the 'knock it 
off' glare, as her hands trembled slightly.

We ate lunch, and then Kay asked Angie and me if we 
wanted to go shopping with her. We said sure, and went 
up to get our money.

"You don't need any money, kids. It's my treat."

So we turned back around, and ran out to the garage, as 
mom opened the door. I gasped as I saw my aunt's car! 
It was a perfectly restored Chevy SS convertible. I 
always have loved looking at that car in the books that 
Dad has in his den. It was bright red, with a white 
leather interior, and had all the bells and whistles.

We said, "Wow!" and opened the door, then leaped into 
the front seat, as Kay got in the driver's side. We 
buckled up, and headed for the Mall.

Kay was looking down my top all the way, and I kept 
looking around, so the top would gape open 
occasionally. I knew she could see all of my breasts 
and nipples, especially when I turned her way to look 
out the back of the car. The squirming also forced my 
shorts ever higher into my crotch, until my cunt lips 
were shining in the sun, from the moisture oozing out 
of my slit.

She had a hard time driving and trying to see all of 
me, so I really tried to give her a good show. Angie 
was giggling softly beside me, as she watched my wanton 
flaunting of my hot little body.

We reached the Mall lot, and I slid out Kay's door, as 
she held it for me. My shorts pulled away from my slit, 
and she briefly saw my entire cunt, as I spread my legs 
getting out. She gasped, and I saw a tremor shake her, 
as she gripped the door harder. Her coat was still 
open, and her nipples were stiff and pointy under her 
blouse. Angie came around, pulling on her little tube 
top to adjust it, so Kay could get a glimpse of her 
long nipples, sticking up from her perfect round little 
tits.

I think Kay went into overload, as she shuddered, and 
jerked in an apparent orgasm.

I reached over and squeezed her hand, as she shook like 
a leaf. I hugged her and said, "Aunt Kay, it's all 
right. I do it all the time. I think we seem to have 
gotten the same genes from our parents."

She hugged me and said, "I always wondered when your 
mom said you couldn't wear certain clothes because of 
your nerve endings. I was too embarrassed to tell her I 
had the same problem, since it wasn't talked about in 
my youth. I'm so glad to meet someone who understands 
what I've had to go through all my life."

"Well, Angie and I understand, and you can have an 
orgasm any time you want around us, right Ang?"

"That's right, we keep secrets better than anybody, so 
don't worry, we won't let on to Jan's Mom or Dad."

She hugged us both, and we went into the Mall to the 
Teen Store. 

We wandered around until Angie discovered a little 
sundress with a tie at the neck, and a plunging back, 
that looked like it would show the top of our cracks. 
The front was cut low, too. We went into the change 
room and slid our shorts down, and pulled off our tops. 
Kay was busy looking at stuff, so we were dressed by 
the time she found us. 

We stepped out wearing the new outfits, and Kay gasped, 
as she stared at our cute little bodies, barely covered 
by the thin little summer dresses. My puffy nipples 
once again sprang out, when I noticed her staring at 
them. Angie' bumps were also jutting through the 
material on her dress.

We twirled for Aunt Kay, and the loose short skirting 
fell away from our rear ends, as Kay got a real good 
look at our perfect little round cheeks. If we twisted 
fast enough, I think that everybody in the store would 
have seen our entire naked bodies.

The fabric was driving me up the wall, as the material 
brushed back and forth over my nipples, and caressed my 
bottom, until moisture ran down my leg. As I turned, it 
shifted some more, and I felt a twinge building in my 
nipples, as my cunt pulsated. Angie looked over, and 
noticed I was close, so she pulled me to her, and 
crushed my shaking body against her, as I climaxed 
hard!

I bucked my hips against Angie's clit, and dry humped 
her, as I dug my fingernails into her back. Angie drove 
her tongue deep into my ear, and sucked, as I shook, 
and bit my lip hard to stifle my screams.

I was unaware that Aunt Kay was watching, and jerking 
out her own orgasm, as she stared at our feverish 
gyrations. The smell from our cunts leaking was heady, 
and I wanted to suck Angie clean, but the saleslady 
showed up and prevented that taking place. She 
recognized us, and grinned, as she saw the after 
tremors shaking us.

"Still up to your old tricks, I see," She giggled, as 
we smiled, and nodded sheepishly.

"Why didn't you come get me so I could help you 
change?" She laughed.

We giggled, and introduced her to Aunt Kay. The 
salesgirl looked her up and down, and whistled.

"So you are related to these characters? I would watch 
out for them. They are horny little devils! And by the 
looks of you, they might attack you too, so be 
careful!" She said, as she grinned, and laughed. 

Kay paid for the dresses, and we wore them, as we 
shopped for a while. The boy's were going ape, as they 
ogled our close to naked little bodies. We flirted as 
we walked. I noticed a lot of them were ogling Kay, and 
told her so. She blushed, and said they were far too 
young for her. I thought to myself, "Wait and see." 

*** 

We went out to the car, and I slid in on the driver's 
side, so my dress would slide clear up around my hips. 
Kay gasped, as she saw my sweet little cunt and clit, 
before I pulled the dress back down.

"You don't wear underwear, either?" She asked. I shook 
my head as Angie and I answered as one, "Never! We like 
the feel of clothes rubbing our sensitive nerve 
endings."

"Wow, what a pair! I wish I had a friend like you guys 
do. That's really special!"

Angie and I grinned at each other, and nodded, "We 
think it is."

As we drove along the wind blew up under our dresses, 
and over our hot little cunts. My dress rode up, until 
I was sitting on the warm leather with my naked rear 
end, and it felt great, as it got slippery, from my 
juices seeping out between my cunt lips. Angie was 
squirming, too, in her seat.

Jan took off her coat, and threw it into the back seat, 
and opened the top buttons on her see through blouse. I 
stared down her front as the wind occasionally blew the 
opening wider, and I caught a glimpse of her large 
nipples. God, they were beautiful! Her big breasts 
didn't sag at all, and I drooled as I gazed at her.

By now I was really getting horny. Watching her tits, 
and rubbing my buns on the seat, was combining to drive 
me nuts. Angie sneakily ran her fingers under the loose 
side of my dress and pulled on my right nipple. I 
jerked, and Kay looked at me, as a bead of sweat 
dripped off my upper lip.

Angie kept teasing my tit, until I threw my head back 
on the seat, and moaned, as my mouth fell open, and I 
panted, as an orgasm started to build. Kay was rubbing 
her legs together, as I felt Angie reach up behind my 
neck and untie the straps. The ties slid off my 
shoulders, and the dress opened, so my breasts were 
totally exposed, and the top of my cunt peeked out of 
the loose pile of material in my lap. Angie reached 
back up, and tugged my now exposed nipple, as Kay 
glanced over, and shuddered.

Angie worked her hand down over my stomach, and jolts 
of electricity shot through me. She trailed down, 
taking the dress with her, and I looked down to see my 
cunt in the open air.

Kay was having trouble driving, and pulled over into a 
cutoff, and stopped, with the engine still running, as 
Angie brushed my clit with her soft fingers.

I reached up behind me, and grabbed the back of the 
seat. Angie pulled, as I raised my hips up off the 
seat, and she slid the dress off and down on the 
floorboard. I felt the breeze wash over my feverish 
body, as Angie kept fondling my clit, then sliding her 
fingers in and out of my steaming hot cunt.

Kay was watching, with her mouth open, and gasping for 
air, as Angie ravished me. Angie pulled my legs further 
apart, and shoved more fingers into me, as I grabbed 
Aunt Kay's leg and held on tight! I bucked my hips up 
and down, as Angie's flying fingers rammed in and out 
of my sopping wet cunt.

My mouth was wide open, as I gasped, and grunted, "Unh, 
unh, unh, unh, oh, oh, oh, oh, God, oh, Angie, oh fuck, 
oh fuck me, oh God, fuck me, harder, harder, harder! Oh 
no! Oh, I'm cumming! Ang, I'm cumming, now, now! Oh 
God!"

I let out a piercing scream, as I jerked around on the 
seat, and dug my fingers into the seat back with one 
hand, and Kay's leg with the other! Contractions jerked 
my stomach muscles, over and over, as I gasped loudly 
for air!

My naked body jerked up, and down, and around, as sweat 
flew off me, and my juices spurted out on the 
floorboard. My hair had come out of my ponytail clip, 
and was whipping over my face, and sticking to my 
feverish forehead. Angie shoved against my cunt as hard 
as she could, and with one gut wrenching spasm I jerked 
in the air, and yelled, as another shock wave hit me!

Everything got fuzzier and fuzzier, as my poor little 
body finally said," N-no more!" and shut down...

*** 

I came to, riding down the road, with the cool breeze 
caressing my soaked face. Angie had helped Kay dress 
me, and wipe me off, and then they cleaned up the 
floorboards and seats, and then drove on toward home. I 
leaned against Aunt Kay's shoulder, and she put her arm 
around me and hugged me, and kissed my hair lovingly. 
Angie snuggled up on the other side, and I was so 
content.

"I see what you were referring to when you said 'other 
things', now." Kay said, as she grinned at Angie and 
me. We giggled, and snuggled closer, as Kay entered our 
garage.

Mom came out and asked Kay, "How did it go? Did these 
two behave themselves?"

Kay smiled at us, and said, "They were perfect angels 
the whole trip. We had a great time. How do you like 
their new clothes?"

Mom looked us over, and sighed as she said, "I would 
have expected no less. They are into 'sexy' and nothing 
else. If any skin is hidden it is no good. What can I 
say?"

We grinned, and Kay laughed, as we all went into the 
house. I pulled Aunt Kay aside, and whispered, "Thanks 
for not telling on us. We owe you one."

She whispered back, "You're welcome, and thank you for 
the show. You are one hot little girl, just like I was. 
I thoroughly understand. Mums the word. I love you, 
Jan, very much!" I hugged her, and kissed her cheek. 

Angie and I went upstairs, and cleaned up, and since it 
was getting late, slipped on our thin little short 
bathrobes, and then came back down for dinner.



Authors note: Yeah, I know I got a little mushy in this 
one, but what can I say? I'm just a little, horny, 
incurable romantic. Next time Angie and I have fun with 
Aunt Kay.

