Callie O'Donnell was not a beautiful woman; in fact, she could no longer be considered even pretty. Twenty years of marriage and parenting and life had taken its toll on her, so that when she faced her reflection now, she saw an overweight, middle aged woman who always looked tired. She began avoiding mirrors as much as possible and packed away the photo albums from younger years, the ones with the photographs of a vivacious girl who had not lacked for admirers.
Every day was much like the one before. She and her husband, Steven, lived within a comfortable but boring routine. She was sure he no longer found her attractive and their waning sex life was all the proof she needed. Even the little acts of affection, a kiss on the cheek, a pat on the ass, were mere memories. With the kids grown and gone, the focus on childrearing was gone from their lives and there didn't seem to be anything new to take its place. They worked, they ate, and they slept their way through days at a time without saying anything of interest to one another. Late at night when it was quiet and she couldn't sleep, Callie wondered if this was all there were to life and then reminded herself to be grateful for what she had. "Things could be worse," she told herself often.
She kept her discontent to herself; her friends and family would have been surprised to learn she was unhappy. Most of her life, she had proclaimed herself to be an incurable optimist and rarely admitted, even to herself, that it was no longer a true statement. In fact, many times during the wee hours of yet another sleepless night, her depression was almost suffocating in its heaviness.
Sleepwalking through life as she was, Callie was totally unaware of being watched. While putting groceries in her car, picking up the dry cleaning, walking to her mailbox, eyes followed her with interest from a nondescript van idling nearby. Eyes that saw her moving through her house late at night, saw her sitting alone in her rocking chair in the dark living room.
"You should be asleep, Callie," he murmured to himself. "Why do you not sleep, liebchen?' Walking stealthily through the woods back to his vehicle, he dropped the night vision glasses onto the passenger seat and pulled away, waiting to flip his headlights on until after turning the corner.
For weeks he watched and learned her routine, stalking his prey with infinite patience. He grew bolder in time and often followed her into the grocery store, held the door open for her at the post office, stood behind her in the elevator of her office building, blending into the background like an invisible man. At last, opportunity presented itself.
"Hey, Callie, how's it going?" asked the woman joining the small group in the elevator.
"Just fine, Cheryl. Same old, same old."
"How're Steve and the kids?"
"Great. I hear from the kids about once a month and they're both doing well. Steve is leaving Sunday for a three week business trip so I'll have the house to myself. Yippee!" Callie smiled, with a touch of irony. Who cared if Steve was gone, she'd barely notice the difference.
"Lucky you! No dinners to fix and the remote control all to yourself!" Cheryl joked as the two women left the elevator. Neither noticed the tall blonde man standing behind them and smiling to himself as he punched the "down" button.
Across town, Steve O'Donnell admired the firm cheeks of his secretary's ass as he pounded into her from behind. Just one of the perks of hiring the incompetent, he thought. Kelly would do anything to keep her well paying job, including being at the boss's sexual beck and call. Four or five times a week, she would find herself bent over the boss's desk or kneeling at his feet, sucking the cock dangling under his fifty year-old paunch.
"Oh, Steve," she moaned, "your cock is so big, it's hurting me!"
That was pretty much all it took to push Steve over the edge; he emptied into her, grunting and clutching her slim hips. As his penis went limp, he pulled out and wiped it across her ass, then gave her a healthy smack that signaled the encounter was indeed over.
"Good job, Kel, that was great. Now go get cleaned up and see if you can do something about that pile of file folders on your desk."
Pouting, she left the room, adjusting her skirt as she went. She figured she could put up with the dickhead's pathetic fucking a little longer if it got her that free trip to L.A. he'd promised. Only a moment later, she buzzed him on the office intercom.
"Steve, I mean Mr. O'Donnell? There's a guy on the phone for you, but I can't understand his name."
Sighing, he reached for the phone, and punched into the blinking line. "Steve O'Donnell here."
"Hello? Steve?" came a voice with a thick German accent.
"Yes, who is this?" he snapped back.
"Ja, this is Klaus, you remember me?"
"Klaus, you old sonuvagun! How the hell are you? WHERE the hell are you?"
"I am in town, ja. I would very much like to see you today, if you should have the time."

"Damn straight I have time for my old college roomie! We'll catch up on old times. Can you meet me at the Hilton Lounge at 1:00?"
"Ja, ja, I vill be there. Auf weidersehn, Steve."
After hanging up the phone, Steve stared at it thoughtfully. What in the world had brought Klaus back into his life?

Clicking the "end" button on his cell phone, Klaus Schmidt chuckled softly to himself. Steve sounded like the same old arrogant ass he'd always been. Rooming with him in college had been insufferable for the first few months of their freshman year and Klaus had considered requesting a room change numerous times. A serious, shy, student, he was constantly inconvenienced by Steve's amorous exploits. He spent countless hours studying in the library as the sock hanging on the doorknob of his dorm room indicated it was off limits. A constant parade of coeds came and went for weeks, and just when he thought he couldn't sleep on the common room's couch another night, the bimbo brigade came to a halt.
"Klaus," Steve announced to him one evening. "I think I've found the one."
"The one?"
"You know, man, the girl, the right girl!"
The very next day, Callie Alexander entered his dreary life. How could that moron Steve have landed such a woman, he wondered. She was sweet and kind and unlike Steve's other's conquests, she took notice of Klaus' existence. She smiled at his thick accent but never seemed to have any trouble understanding him. Her dancing dark eyes and luminous skin hypnotized him and watching her turn her loving gaze on Steve broke his heart a hundred times a week. Klaus yearned for her, so close and yet so far.
Of all the memories he had of Callie, one burned into his soul and haunted him always. He'd returned to the dorm after yet another unsuccessful theater audition, distraught that once again his accent had cost him a coveted role. It was late and the dorm was dark and fairly quiet for once. He paused before his door, pleased to see that the doorknob was unadorned. Since Steve had begun dating Callie, not once had he been forced to sleep elsewhere. As he reached for the knob, he was sure he heard a female voice, Callie's voice, from inside. He eased the door open just a crack and froze. Illuminated by candlelight, the woman of his dreams was naked, facing the doorway, on top of Steve's recumbent body. Rising up and down on his cock, her eyes closed with pleasure, she was a vision. Her fingertips grazed over the stiffened nipples of her full breasts, then dropped down to her creamy thighs, dipping between them to rub lightly.
Klaus could not tear his eyes away, then was startled to see Steve staring right at him. Placing a finger to his lips, Steve winked and indicated his assent to his roommate's spying. Barely breathing, the jealous young man watched as his angel began moaning, pushing herself swiftly towards her orgasm.
Steve hoarsely whispered, "Now, baby!"
Nearly sick with lust, Klaus stared as Callie reached down to pull Steve's cock from her body, jerking it with delicate fingers, pumping spurts of her lover's semen onto her smooth belly. Smearing it onto her fingertips, she rubbed it sensuously over her swollen clit and finally reached a loud, shuddering climax.
Klaus shut the door, and slid down the wall to slump on the floor, his rock hard cock tenting his pants obscenely. He wanted her. He wanted her badly enough to kill.