Lukas had come off the elevator and was immediately impressed with the hustle-n-bustle of the office. He knew now why he didn't care for desk-jockey jobs. This kind of activity would send him into a tailspin. He liked his advantage point, from where he stood, on the outside looking in. 

The huge semi-circled desk, for the switchboard operator/secretary to sit at, was busy, as well. Lukas leaned on the far counter, smiling at the pretty young woman with the brunette hair pulled high on her head to drape down her back. She wore a hands-free telephone headset, fielding the many different phone calls coming in while sorting through the piles of mail. She was even dividing up the pink slips of "While You Were Out" messages. She had managed to perfect this maneuver, watching people with her sharp gray eyes, conversing on the phone while jotting down the different information being delved out in her ears. All while flushing from the way Lukas was staring at her, biting her bottom lip and fanning herself with some Fed Ex packages. She had seen him once he'd gotten off the elevator, kept motioning for him to hold on and she'd be with him in a second. But each second turned into another minute spent on the phone attempting to appease frayed nerves. Her phone lines never stopped buzzing.

Finally, Lukas put up a hand, telling the secretary that he'd be "fine". He was truly in no hurry. He turned around to take an empty seat in the plush waiting room. The furniture was low, steel rods and made of glass, heavy plastics. He really didn't "fit" the decor in his worn jeans, scruffy motorcycle boots, white thermal underwear shirt and thick jean jacket with flannel lining. He looked straight off a cowboy ranch. He hadn't shaved, so his beard was growing nicely by noontime. And he hadn't done much with his curls, simply let them dry once he got out of the shower.

He set the plastic bag, in his hand, down on the floor, hiking his ankle to rest on his knee. He didn't know this, but the secretary now had a very nice view of the bulge in his worn jeans. She dipped out of view and nearly fainted on her desktop. Green eyes simply watched the hub-bub moving around him with an objective view. He found that more than one of the office women were eyeballing him and his posture in the short chair. For a big man, he slumped low and relaxed enough to appear as if he was falling asleep. A few random male eyes quirked up in interest, catching the devilishly handsome gentleman adorning their waiting room. He looked as if he just stepped out of a Marlboro cigarette ad, directly off his horse. They wanted to know who in the world he was and if he'd take their phone numbers. 

Lukas wasn't self-conscious, he was quite used to the blatant scrutiny. After about ten minutes, double doors to his right were opened. He sat up a tad straighter, putting his feet down flat to the carpet. The noise level increased. People upon people were piling out of the huge room, which must have been some kind of boardroom. The makings of an impromptu staff meeting had just ended.

A very distant European accent, probably British or Welsh... loudly proclaimed that they would be working through lunch. But the company would order take-out and they would pay for every meal. There was an initial wave of disdain and then a sudden euphoria as the promise revived the workers who had planned on leaving the building for lunch. Now they could pick the most expensive restaurant in Pittsburgh, who delivered to their building, and choose whatever their selfish hearts desired.

Lukas glanced down at the plastic bag, around the paper bag, holding three Styrofoam containers he had brought with him. He chuckled and shook his head. He had been told right, from as early as 9am this morning.

Brian Kinney knew his office and staff well. Predicting that they'd have some free time open if Lukas bought lunch to eat here. Brian knew the client's meeting was at 3pm and the office was no where near ready to show their ad campaign. It would require a lot more attention and he wouldn't be able to leave for lunch, like usual.

Lukas watched as the man on his mind finally stepped out of the boardroom. Both doors were open now. He was purposefully lagging behind everyone else.

A tall, thin blonde woman, ringlets pinned back from her round face, stood by Brian's side, nearly glued to his left hip. She held a thick legal-sized pad folder that held her notes and Brian's ideas on the lines inside in her detailed shorthand.

Brian leaned back against one of the open doors, looking over some flat, rectangled storyboards. He kept playing with his tie, shaking his head as his hazel eyes looked over each intricate marking on the objects. He was agreeing with his boss, the shorter, stocky bald man blocking Lukas' full view of Brian.

Lukas stood from his seat, grabbing the plastic bag in his right hand as he caught sight of Brian's gaze acknowledging his arrival. The blonde woman found where Brian had been looking and kept staring at Lukas, smiling and biting her plump bottom lip. She was giving the gorgeous blond stranger the once-over and then some.

"I'll get right on it, Vance."

"Great." Vance clapped his hands together. "I'll check back with you in an hour, Brian. Good job, you two. I know the clients will be very happy with the new ideas." He headed off in the opposite direction than from where Lukas stood.

“I hope I'm not late.” Lukas wandered over, left thumb hooked into the back pocket of his jeans. "You said close to 12:45pm." He looked at a wall clock that said it was almost 12:56pm.

Cynthia's jaw fell open. "Did I dream you last night?" She thought he was talking to her.

Brian closed Cynthia's mouth. "He's with me, Cynthia." He tucked the hand that held the poster boards under his right arm. He cleared his throat, looking at Lukas. "No. You're good. The meeting ran a little long."

“Introduce me, Brian.” Cynthia poked Brian in the ribs with her very bony elbow. "Don't be so fuckin' rude." She smiled sweetly at Lukas, talking through her white teeth.

Lukas snickered, wiping a hand over his mouth at how loosely the pretty woman talked with Brian. Almost like what one would assume to be "sister-like".

Brian tugged away when Cynthia went to grab his biceps. He stood between the beautiful blond heads. One hand on Lukas' shoulder joint through his jean jacket. "Gay Aquaman... meet Flirty, Tartish Breeder."

"Brian!" Cynthia pushed on Brian's shoulder. "Excuse him... he has no more brain or dignity left." She decided to introduce herself. "I'm Brian's lifeline and personal assistant, Cynthia."

"Lukas Harrison." Lukas took the dainty offered hand in his grasp, softening his grip. "I'm really an ex-professional surfer... and part-time marine biologist."

Brian nodded his head. "Yeah... that's why I've called you 'aquaman'. Do I need instructions with my dry wit?"

"I've hung up my tights long ago." Lukas smirked at Brian, winking at Cynthia.

Cynthia zeroed her eyes and took a deep breath of courage. "Any chance you'd think about wearing them again... for, like, a second?"

"Down, Cynthia." Brian petted the top of the blonde ringlets. "He's not interested. He's gifted... like all of us homosexuals."

"I know..." Cynthia hugged her leather folder to her chest. “I just wanted one other image before I go.” Her face was transfixed in some kind of dreamland of beautiful men who were always out of her reach. Either they were gay or married.

Lukas looked intently at Cynthia's wide eyes. "Turkey on toasted wheat... swiss... lettuce, tomato... pickle -- spear, of course... mayo and mustard on the side."

"Huh?" Cynthia's mind went blank, mouth-watering. That sounded good right about now.

Lukas took out the top Styrofoam container from the plastic bag. "I could read your mind. It pours out of your eyes." He handed Cynthia the sandwich Brian had told him to get for an extra bonus. He had wondered who it was for, now it made sense.

"Uh... can I love you?" Cynthia stuttered out in a warbled voice.

Lukas snickered, feeling truly happy for once since he'd been here in Pittsburgh. "My boyfriend might have a problem, but... sure... and you can have the food, as well. To remember me by."

"Thanks, uh... I guess..." Cynthia walked away, dumbfounded and a little brokenhearted.

“C'mon.” Brian closed his eyes, shaking his head. "Let's go to my office."

About a billion heads turned to watch the Gorgeous Blond Cowboy walk behind Brian Kinney toward his office. More than one broken heart followed. Little did they know Brian had no business with Lukas other than to talk.

Brian strolled ahead, down the hallway to his door. He found Lukas obediently following him. "It can get noisy out here. Especially on a Friday, the closer it gets to five o'clock." He opened his door, leaving it for Lukas to shut.

When they were both inside the office, with the door closed, it was shattering how much difference there was in the noise pollution.

Brian threw the poster boards on his desktop, standing behind the structure, in front of his chair. "Do you mind if I work while we talk?" Lukas had pulled out the second Styrofoam box. Brian reached out to take the Styrofoam container that was his sandwich. As he sat down, he yanked open one bottom drawer bring out his bottled water.

Lukas had bought himself a diet root beer, like it'd work with the fattening hamburger he'd ordered. Well-done meat with all the fixings. "No. I don't mind. Will you be able to concentrate?" He chuckled, sitting back to use the second chair in Brian's office as his mini-table. "Is this okay?"

"Fine." Brian waved the worry away. "You'd be amazed, Lukas, what I can do all at once."

"Please... you can call me 'Luke'."

Brian opened his top drawer to drag out some colored markers. He ate his sandwich as he scribbled on the board's surface, like he was drawing something or coloring things in. "I heard about what you did. Michael told me. I, uh... wanted to personally 'thank you' for..."

Lukas shook his head to show Brian he didn't need to say one thing more. "No skin off my back." He popped a pickle in his mouth that slipped out, licking his fingertips of juice. "I'm getting pretty tired of this 'research', as well. I couldn't see Jamie... sorry, Ben... backing down soon, unless I talked some sense into his frazzled mind."

Brian raised a lone eyebrow, chuckling. "Doesn't look like it helped much."

"No?" Lukas shrugged, grinning in a teasing manner. "Well, I can tell you... he's beginning to understand why he's really agreeable to the whole thing. And, you'd be surprised to learn that it has nothing to do with patching things up between he and Michael."

At the mention of "Michael", Brian stopped working. His attention now focused on eating and talking with Lukas. "Good. I'm glad to hear that."

"Now... I'm just worried about his fixation on you." Lukas undid the screw top off his root beer bottle, letting it breathe and fizz before he spewed the brown liquid all over Brian's nice furniture and carpet.

"You don't have to be. It's not in any way reciprocated." Brian snagged a potato chip.

"I don't want either of you two hurt."

"Kind of you, but I can take care of myself. I'm tougher than I seem."

"I know. I think the next sentence out of your mouth will be to say Michael is the main reason why you do survive every obstacle."

"He's brought me to where I am now."

"Don't you feel like you've done a part of that process?"

"No, because my only motivation has always been to make Michael proud of me."

"He is. I don't think you have to worry about that."

"I'm not. Not now, anyway."

"You were before?"

"Of course. I didn't know where I stood in his life. I knew where I was in his heart, but..." Brian shook his head, taking a few more bites of his sandwich. He brought over one of the story boards to draw on. "... I've only just learned it was always where I had started at, right from the beginning."

"I feel the same way about Jamie." Lukas rolled his eyes. "I mean... Ben."

Brian sniffed out a snicker. "Jesus, don't call him 'Ben' to make me feel better. If it's comfortable to call him 'Jamie', do it. I don't care. I might like this 'Jamie' guy more anyway." He secretly smiled, teasing Lukas. "Does Ben know this?" He didn't know why he cared, but it was like he told Michael the other night. If he could have a simple chat with Lukas, he would know where Ben's head was in the scheme of things. It would surely make their night together go smoothly if Brian had a bit of an upper hand, like always.

"Yes." Lukas wiped his hands of hamburger bun seeds and white flour. He slid out of his jacket, setting it around the back of the chair he was in. He yanked up his shirt sleeves to his elbows. "We—we're, uh..." How should he put this, out loud? "... steadily growing closer. Over the past few days, like with you and Michael. Jamie and I have talked like we should have years ago."

"Closer? As in 'sex'?" Brian furrowed his brow in intrigue, because Michael had been right to suspect the odd pairing of these two college best friends.

"I don't have many friends. Many male friends, I should say. Women aren't my style or forte. I like to flirt, but... I don't have the time to pussyfoot around anymore."

"Wow! What a way to walk around my question?" Brian snickered out as he picked up more chips.

Lukas wiped his mouth, taking a sip of soda. "Christ... I'm only saying that because I don't really open up to people. In that warm familial, informal kind of way most do."

"Join the club, Neither do I. Michael's the only one I enjoy the company of. Everyone else I tolerate. Barely." Brian sat back in his chair, wondering what else he and Lukas had in common. He knew one thing... he didn't love Ben as much as this poor sap did. But Lukas was actually turning into a decent guy. Michael had been right, like usual. Brian could feel that know-it-all finger poking him in his ribs, but he never heard "I Told You So". Michael wouldn't ever rub it in that far.

"Jamie and I have come close... but no. No sex. Well... intercourse. If that's what you were asking."

Brian paused, a bit shocked to be hearing this and able to digest the thought. "Ah... you've both held back strong. I suggest you give in soon. Or it'll slowly kill you."

"Has it ruined what you two have?" Lukas chewed slowly on his burger and bun.

Brian sat up, rolling his chair under his desk. "What do you mean?"

"Your friendship with Michael. Do you feel further from him... or just as close?"

Brian suddenly realized how similar he and Lukas truly were. "Closer than I've ever felt."

"Is it good?" Lukas cleared his throat, not really sure how to open up to a complete stranger like Brian Kinney. It actually wasn't turning out so bad or awful like he thought. "Well, what I'm asking is... if your sex life went sour... not that it would, but if it did... could you go back to being best friends?"

"I don't really know. I don't want to go back to the way we were. It was slow torture. What we have now is rocky, I'm not saying it's easy sailing. It could fail at any time, but--"

"You hated watching other men have him?"

"Which is terrible for me to think. I've had more men shuffled in and out of my bed than he's had in his whole entire social sexual life. And I'm more jealous of what they've had."

"They got what you wanted, Brian." Lukas shrugged his shoulders, munching on his steak fries now. He still had a little of his burger left. "It's natural."

"More than that... they hurt him like I've feared I would do one day. If we had done this sooner."

"Would you have? Done this sooner had you known how good it could be?"

"I don't really want to think about that. I'm content where I am, and so is he."

"I don't know why I've suddenly acquired morals." Lukas snickered with Brian. "I'm the one pushing Jamie away because I know he's not prepared for what I'm ready to give him. I never--I just didn't think what I wanted or needed was somehow built within being with him. As much as I can."

"Before--?" Brian could hear the tail end of that sentence hang. He felt like he was missing the “point” of Lukas needing to back off from a relationship with Ben.

"Huh?" Lukas let his green eyes squint directly at Brian, wondering what he could mean.

"Your last sentence sounded like there was more there to say. 'As much as I can before...'." Brian rolled his wrist to show the space to fill the complete sentence.

"I did have something, but..." Lukas shook his head, fighting within himself to not say one more word. He didn't know how far he could trust Brian Kinney.

Brian understood Lukas being wary of him. "Don't worry. I won't squeal to Bruckner."

Lukas picked up his Styrofoam container to lay on his lap as he crossed left knee over right leg. He placed it on his lap to dig into the fries and the rest of his hamburger. "I actually wish you could. It would save me some of the aggravation of having to lop more bad news on top of everything else I've shared." He was curious to how Brian would handle things in this situation. "Tell me what you would do... if say, you were coming into the loft and Michael were waiting for you in the dark. He had been contemplating how to break things to you... a distressing piece of news concerning his health?"

Brian stopped with the second half of his sandwich stuffed in his mouth. "What are we imagining? What Ben has... or something else?"

"Let's use Jamie's status as starters."

"Uhm..." Brian looked down into his Styrofoam container and thought deeply. "... I'd probably want to kill the man who infected him, with my bare hands."

"That's beside the point... what would you do for him?"

"I don't know specifics, but I wouldn't leave him. I know that much." Brian blinked once, then twice... realizing how much he had been thinking about that very scenario since Ben came into the picture. What he would do if Michael became sick like Ben. In front of Michael, he would rage and fight, but behind his back... he would certainly cower, stare and sob his heart out.

"It's why I can't abandon Jamie." Lukas could read on Brian's face that he had contemplated that moment quite often.

"Are you trying to tell me that you and Bruckner are... together?"

"I don't want you to suddenly grow chivalrous and think you have to let go of what you've begun with Michael."

"What the hell gave you the idea I would?" Brian snickered out, squinting his eyes.

"No reason. Just checking. Well, in case..." Lukas was flittering his hand about when he became slightly dizzy sitting down. “... maybe you take pity on Jamie...” He'd been having flashes of “episodes” like this the last couple of days. He put a hand over his eyes. "... and get all--I don't know what the fuck..." He was a little nauseous, but it would pass, like always.

"Hey?” Brian sat up in his chair, ready to get up. "You okay?" Lukas had quickly gone pale through his tan skin.

"Peachy. My cancer meds kicking in." Lukas squinted his eyes from the windows of Brian's office. "Sun seems brighter today, huh?"

Brian got up to wander toward his windows to pull down the shades. He was momentarily caught unawares. Certainly not expecting to learn the man before him... who looked healthy and handsome... was sick with cancer. He was pulling on the strings to adjust to the low sunlight. He grew still as he walked up beside Lukas, staring down at the large body. "How long?"

Lukas kept his hand over his forehead, feeling a headache pulsate. "Awhile. I am better. Cancer free. I guess it could be considered 'remission', but it's not how I thought having cancer would be like."

"You had an image?" Brian chuckled softly, hands in his trouser pockets.

"My mom... survived five years after being diagnosed with breast cancer, before it finally took over the rest of her body." Lukas leaned back to look up at Brian's wide, inquisitive hazel eyes. "I'm fine. You don't have to hover. Just kick your garbage pail over in case I feel like hurling."

Brian snickered, shaking his head at how confusing things were to him now. He did as Lukas asked, even though it was probably a lighthearted joke. "My Pop had cancer. Died last year." He walked back around to his chair, then sat down rather awkwardly. "His body was riddled with it. From one organ to the next, until it killed him."

"That's fucked." Lukas drank some soda, wetting his mouth and throat.

"He didn't even bother to go peacefully." Brian fixed his posture in the chair. "If you don't mind me asking..."

"Testicular." Lukas directly gazed Brian down, watching him nod and glance away.

"You're so young." Brian mumbled, shaking his head in true sadness.

"Cancer doesn't care." Lukas closed the lid on his food, pretty much done with his lunch. "You should start having a physical each year, since your Dad had it. They recommend every six months, depending on how severe the cancer was. I guess they'd call it the 'aggression' of the disease."

"Yeah, my mother took great pride in reading me the riot act, which went over well during his funeral."

"No matter how shitty they were... or still are... their DNA is in you."

"One more reason I can't shake them from my life." Brian got up to walk around his desk again, toward Lukas. "I, uh... tried to tell you before. I don't normally say this to people, especially strangers." He leaned back on his desk ledge, crossing his ankles. "I want to 'thank you' for what you did for Michael... with the video footage."

"It's okay to think I did it for you, too. I really did it for both of you. No one is more pissed about this ordeal than me. I keep telling Jamie to let it all go, change his topic. Start all over again, but he's determined with this... weird attraction to you."

Brian rolled his eyes, crossing his arms over his chest. He tucked hands under his biceps, thumbs popping out at the arm pit. "Lord... I really don't know what to say to explain what happened two years ago to make him feel this way about me."

"Don't worry. It's all Ben's emotional baggage, which I'm trying to handle on my end."

"So you're okay with this second interview? What may or may not happen?"

"Oh... it will happen. There's no 'maybe'. I just--I wanted to be sure where your head was at in this."

"I'm trying to find out where Ben's head is at.” Brian found it ironic that both he and Lukas were doing much the same thing. “I'll do anything to protect Michael. Whatever I have to do to keep him by my side."

"You have no reason to seek revenge on Jamie?"

Brian sniffled out a snicker. "He's only managed to ruffle my feathers some, make me a little uncomfortable. He's caused me to rethink a lot about my life with Michael. What I should have been doing all this time, instead of wasting it." He rubbed a hand over his nape and kept it curved about his neck under his ear. "It's when he messes with Michael that it really gets me punchy."

"Understood."

"I have no interest in Ben or pushing Michael away. Right now, I'm afraid Michael is beyond hurt. He's actually numb. Did Ben--?"

"--tell me about their talk at Red Cape yesterday?" Lukas smirked, shaking his head in awe. "Yes. I was very pleased."

"I couldn't stop laughing.” Brian sucked in a long breath, his gaze staring at the far wall. “I don't think Michael told me everything, 'cause he picked up on my laughter. He's--"

"What?"

"It's strange. We've been best friends since we were fourteen. I've always found his innocence and naiveté what makes him appealing to me. Makes me feel needed. But... we've only been close, sexually, for most of this week. It's startling to me how much Michael's grown up, right before my eyes. How much he's really changed. Becoming a 'man'. The real kind that I've never been able to find."

"Michael's changing because of you. For you."

"I suppose. I know it's always been in him to be this way. I just don't know why it hasn't come out before." Brian chuckled with Michael on his mind, an image captured in time. "I'm glad he saved his best moves for me."

"You really that serious about him?"

"I'm not sure. I love him. More than I ever did before. I think about him more too... but I have a feeling that will wear off once we--" Brian started snickering when he saw Lukas' head shake in disagreement. "Oh... okay... I want him in my life... forever. I'm not sure I'm marriage-minded, though."

"None of us are. It's the way society has shaped us to want what those other people have. Who says we have to bow down to conventionalism and kiss its ass?"

"Not a fan of marriage either?" Brian then furrowed his brow, his mind confused. "I thought you were engaged before."

"I was roped into that one. I'm not certain where Jamie's heads at for permanence or future plans. I know I can't live my life without him anymore, in some capacity."

"Sounds like we both said the same thing."

"May I make a suggestion?"

"Go ahead."

"When you do hit that moment, where you've come to realize how strongly you feel for Michael, sit down with him and talk about the one day in the future where you won't see him the next morning... or he won't see you the next morning..." 

"You talking about death... and dying?"

"You won't be young and beautiful forever, Brian."

"Michael will always think I am."

"Then never let him go. But, in the meantime, should one of you get sick or pass on unexpectedly... you should make certain one another is cared for."

"Speaking from experience?"

~~TBC...