Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Models Chapter One: Sluts Model Their Hot Bodies
Summary: The models are mind-controlled to put on one slutty fashion show by the chat!Jeb Mitchel

I yawned as I ran the Vegas Swimwear Fashion Show being live-streamed on Instagram. It was showing off the upcoming summer fashion for bathing suits. Vapid models prancing up and down the runway while the style and fashion reporters all snapped photos.

I had to make sure the feed was going well and to moderate comments that flashed by in the chat. It was a boring job. I wasn't a big fan of it, but someone had to do it. The models were hot, and I had a bit of an upper view. I was looking down at them as they strutted in their bikinis.

The titillating thrill of watching hot woman after hot woman strutting up the runaway, stopping, turning, giving the same expression of vapid indifference while they were photographed, then sauntering back to the backstage area grew dull.

They were all gorgeous.

Such breath-taking beauties, but even their skimpy bikinis were losing their effect on me as I sat here and watched them strut. I stretched my back. This was a big show, and live-streaming Instagram promised to be a big hit.

Others were posting links to buy these bikinis. Almost like direct marketing.

It was the way the world worked.

Amandin would come down hard on anyone that ruined her grand experiment or stopped her new summer line of swimwear from being seen by the masses and purchased. She was a capricious woman who did not tolerate slights.

So I had to be ready to keep the chat going smoothly.

It was mostly harmless comments. There was a large group of guys appreciating the models. And some amount of fans who were excited to see their favorite. Women were chatting about the styles, critiquing or gushing over the designs.

Wow, that frilly skirt on a one-piece is bold, one commentator said.

But imagine trying to lie down and relax, another said. Impractical. I hate these fashion shows. Sometimes the clothes are just so impractical. Just designers showing off.

But that one's practical. Ooh, a sarong.

Anastasia had just stepped out. She was a busty blonde wearing a red bikini with a blue wrap that left her right thigh bare as she walked. The sarong looked good on her and those tits jiggled in her top. It was exciting to watch. A real thrill to see those boobs bounce.

She did perk me up. Some of the models had almost no tits. But not Anastasia.

Wouldn't it be hot if the models did whatever we typed? a user named machoc.

Weird comment. I went to delete it when another person typed, It would be hot if Anastasia took off her top and flashed those beauties!

Now that was going way, way, way too far. I couldn't let that pass. I went to ban them, just about to right-click on their profile name, when movement caught my eye. Anastasia, reaching the end of the runway, reached behind her and deftly undid the knots on her bikini top.

The cloth fell away to reveal those big, large tits of hers. They were natural F-cups that swayed as she turned. Gold gleamed. Both her fat, pink nubs were pierced with rings that sparkled as the reporters' cameras flashed.

They all had to immortalize this moment.

I couldn't look away. A rush of heat swept through my body. Amandin would be furious. She would be clawing faces. It was so strange why Anastasia would do that. She was a professional. It wasn't like she could see what the person commented.

She did it! 

Holy ship! 

Ducking hot! That's ducking hot! 

Wow, those tits. I want to motorboat in them! 

Pierced nipples! I love pierced nipples. Ship yeah!

The profanity filters kept them from getting too lewd. Plenty of emojis were flying. Bottles of breast milk. Eggplant followed by a spray of water. Plenty of peaches and watermelons. Anastasia didn't even act like she did anything illicit.

She just sauntered back to the stage as the comments continued to be lewd.

I bet she can suck her own nipple!

Suck your nipple, Anastasia! flashed up next.

She lifted her right boob, lowered her head, and suckled on her nipple right there at the end of the stage. She paused like she was supposed to before exiting the stage all while nursing on her nub. She suckled on it, cheeks hollowing.

My dick nearly burst out of my pants. I groaned at how hot it was. She nursed on her nipple, the reporters snapping away pictures so fast. The CLICK-CLICK-CLICK of their cameras echoed through the hall where the show was being held.

With a final suckle, she sauntered backstage where Amandin would be waiting to tear her a new asshole. 

The chat was scrolling by so fast now. I had already engaged slow mode, and it was scrolling up now almost as fast as I could read it. People were using euphemisms for jerking off. They were loving it. The viewership had doubled. 

That meant this was going viral. Shit.

Zelda came out next. She had gorgeous, tan skin and a nice set of fake boobs that her silver monokini barely covered. It was little more than thin strips of cloth that did little to hide her light body. She had curvy hips and gorgeous thighs, a great ass shown off by the cloth vanishing between her butt-cheeks. Her brown hair fell in curls around her.

That's such a hot swimsuit!

You'd so get arrested wearing that at my beach. It happened to these Instagram influencers. Zelda's practically naked.

Zelda, take that monokini off!

My breath caught as Zelda did at the end of the runway. She pulled it off. She undid the few knots keeping it together, then it all fell off her. Her large, fake tits quivered with their pump ripeness. They defied gravity only the way silicone could achieve. She had a landing strip that led her shaved cuntlips. Juices beaded on her.

She turned, shifting through her poses as the cameras couldn't get enough of her. Silvery flashes bathed her body as she looked as indifferent to it as ever. Aloof. Above it all even as she showed every inch of her sexy body.

Fuck me, I groaned. What is going on? Why were the models doing what the chat, that they couldn't even read, were saying to do.

That ducking bod is hot! 

Ship, I want to jack it off! 

Why wait! Fapping! 

You're such a goddess, Zelda! 

You make me so wet! 

She's wet! God, Zelda's wet right now. Finger that twat, Zelda! Finger it!

A flood of clapping emojis and celebration emojis followed as Zelda...

Rubbed her cunt.

She rubbed her twat as she headed back down the runway. She rubbed at her cunt, her hand moving between her thighs. Her heavy boobs jiggled as she strutted on her stiletto heels. Her naked ass swayed. My dick was so hard. I squeezed my hardon through my pants.

Stop and masturbate! flashed by on the chat.

She stopped. She started thrusting her fingers into her cunt. She worked them in and out of her snatch. I could only gape at her as she thrust her digits in and out of her twat. This was the most insane thing I had ever seen.

How was this possible? 

Kneel as you finger that cunt, slut! 


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Zelda

I thrust two of my fingers in and out of my juicy snatch. This was a new way to model. I sank to my knees, such a slut. I worked my digits in and out of my cunt hard and fast, the pleasure rippling through my body.

The fashion reporters snapped pictures of me. That was so hot to have them recording this. I whimpered, my face twisting in delight. I groaned, the throaty pleasure shooting through me. I ground the heel of my hand on my clit.

I felt amazing. 

My fingers buried into my juicy cunt, churning up my cunt. The cameramen all groaned. I felt their lusts. They all wanted my body. They all craved me. I loved their desire for me. Though, they could never have me. I was better than them.

I was Zelda. A slutty model. I groaned as they watched me finger my cunt. Pleasure rippled through me. I clamped my twat down on my digits, savoring the pleasure washing through my snatch. My big boobs quivered, the silicone implants jiggling.

Casey appeared at the end of the runway, just backstage and out of sight. She was Amandin's assistant. She waved at me to get off the stage. But I wasn't done yet. I shook my head, whimpering as my orgasm built.

I had to cum for everyone watching.

I had to explode like the slutty model I was.

I kneaded my right boob as I frigged my twat as Casey jumped. She gasped in shock as Champagne strutted out next. Casey tried to grab her, but the Black woman sauntered out in a golden bikini that looked so good against her coffee-brown skin. Her bleached-blonde hair fell in ropy braids down the right side of her face. She was gorgeous.

And taking off her top as she strutted. She freed her round C's. She had a nice pair of boobs. Mine used to be that size, but now they were big F-cups that would never sag. Casey stared on dumbfounded as Champagne took off her bikini bottom.

The Black model had a shaved twat. She was tall, curvy, and exotic. 

As she strutted past me, Champagne handed me her bikini bottoms. I groaned and rubbed the cloth into my face. The fabric was so sleek. I loved the scent of her tangy cunt. I breathed in her musk as I frigged my pussy harder.

I rammed my fingers hard into my cunt. I thrust them in and out as I enjoyed the scent of Champagne's twat. I suckled on the fabric, drinking out the flavor of her tart juices. I groaned, my clit throbbing as I massaged my bud.

I hurtled toward my orgasm.

I whimpered, so close to cumming.

I churned up my cunt with my digits. My pussy clenched down on my fingers. I groaned, licking the crotch of her bikini bottoms. The cameras flashed. Everyone watched me. A camera broadcasted this on live on Instagram.

This was wild. I loved that everyone was seeing how gorgeous I looked while frigging my cunt. I suckled on Champagne's bikini bottoms as I ground the heel of my hand hard on my clit. The pleasure in me burst.

I came so hard.

My pussy convulsed around my digits. My juices gushed out of my cunt. I moaned into the bikini bottoms as the rapture swept through my body and drowned my mind. I groaned, stars flashing before my eyes.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, fuck!

The cameras flashed as I shuddered. My fake tits jiggled as my cunt suckled at my fingers. I whimpered, rubbing the bikini bottoms into my lips. Juices drenched my hand and ran hot down my thighs.

I swayed through the ecstasy. The rapture of cumming before millions. They all saw how hot I was. How sexy I was. I felt so amazing. I quivered through all this passion. I loved this ecstasy so much. It was so good. 

I felt amazing. 

I swayed there, my heart pounding in my chest. I trembled and pulled my fingers out of my cunt. I rose on my quivering legs and popped my fingers into my mouth. I nursed off my sweet cream as I sauntered backstage where Casey just stared at me in shock.

I had no idea why. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jed Mitchel

What the fuck is going on? I groaned as Zelda exited.

Champagne bends over and fingers her asshole! flashed by in the comments. It wasn't the same person making them. It seemed like anyone who wanted to, could.

Champagne bent over and thrust her ass out at the reporters and me. She reached behind her and slid her fingers through her butt-crack until she found her anal ring. She thrust a finger into her asshole. She groaned as she did, her round tits jiggling.

Fuck, I breathed, my dick so hard.

I massaged my cock through my pants as I watched the supermodel fingering her asshole. Her pussy juices ran down her coffee-brown thighs. She moaned as she did. She loved doing this while the reporters immortalized her. 

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!

Bring back Anastasia and those big knockers!

Yes, I breathed as the curtains parted and a naked Anastasia strutted back out, her pierced tits bobbing and jiggling. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anastasia

What are you doing? Amandin hissed. She had just shown up. You took your top off, and you!
She snapped her attention over to Zelda.

Masturbating.

A new way for a slutty model to work, said Zelda.

Suddenly, I had to be on stage. My big knockers needed to be seen. 

I strutted to the runway where Casey stood. The mousy brunette shook her head. She blocked the way. But I just side-stepped around her with ease and strutted out on stage. Champagne was at the far end fingering her asshole.

How strange. Why would she do that?

Well, maybe I should tongue her asshole. I had never rimmed anyone, let alone a woman, but now it just felt like what I should do. What the audience wanted. They would all stare at me doing that dirty act. It made my pussy clench.

Get back here, Casey hissed. This is insane. Amandin will kill you.

It's okay, darling, I cooed as I strutted forward.

My big, natural tits swayed back and forth. Zelda was so proud of her fake tits, but mine were given to me by god. Men loved my natural tits. They were soft and ripe. I loved wrapping them around a guy's cock.

The urge to tongue that asshole Champagne fingered swelled in me. That would be just the show that the reporters needed to see. That would really sell Amandin's designs. I hummed in delight, so thrilled to be able to show off these gorgeous swimsuits.

And my body. My stunning body, too. 

I moved down behind Champagne. I placed my hands on her coffee-brown ass. I got you, darling. Just pull those fingers out!

You gonna lick my ass, boo? Champagne asked as she pulled her fingers out of her asshole.

Oh, yes, darling. I buried my face between her butt-cheeks and licked my very first asshole.

I slid my tongue over the sour flavor of her anal ring. This earthy musk suffused my taste buds. I groaned at that. It was... different from what I expected. I tongued her asshole again. And again. I swept around her asshole.

She squeezed her bowels down around my face. She held me tight as I tongued her anal sheath. I loved licking her. I lapped at her with such hunger. She groaned as I did that. She quivered as I swirled my tongue around her anal ring.

It was so hot. I felt the cameras flashing. The bright lights bathed our bodies. They were snapping pics of my heavy tits swaying. My shaved cunt. My perfect ass. They were seeing me in all my sunny glory.

Nothing covering me.

Nothing hiding the beauty of my body.

My cunt clenched as I swirled my tongue around her anal ring. I stroked her. I loved how she felt. How she tasted. It was such a rush to do this. I pushed my tongue against her anal ring. She groaned as I licked her like this. I tongued her sweet asshole. I loved the way she quivered.
How she moaned as I stroked her backdoor. Her butt-cheeks clenched around my face. I drilled my tongue against her anal ring. I pushed against that naughty hole. She groaned as I slipped into her bowels itself.

The earthy flavor suffused my taste buds.

I could only imagine the nasty comments. People were loving what I was doing. I could almost feel them cheering me on. They were urging me to do this. To ram my tongue into her asshole and swirled it about in her.

And I did.

I flicked my tongue into her asshole. I stirred her up, the cameras snapping away. My cunt clenched with every CLICK that echoed around me. Pussy cream ran hot down my thighs, my pussy begging for stimulation.

But I had to eat Champagne's asshole. I had tongue her. She moaned louder and louder. My right hand drifted down her butt-cheek. I knew it was what the audience wanted me to do. I found her wet pussy folds.

I thrust my fingers into her cunt.

I pumped away at her snatch. She groaned as I fingered her cunt. Her juicy snatch swallowed my digits as her asshole squeezed about my tongue. I danced it about in her earthy bowels, reveling in this flavor because I was...

An anal whore. An ass-loving slut. A model who just loved the taste of another woman's asshole. I savored these thoughts as much as I loved her bowels. I fucked her cunt hard, drifting my digits into her juicy depths as I loved her bowels.

Boo, groaned the naughty Champagne. That's it. Just do that to me. Goddamn, that's good. Work that tongue around in my asshole. Finger my twat. Yes, yes, just like that!

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!

The cameras loved it. I loved it, too. I thrust my digits in and out of her asshole. I fingered her as fast as I could. Her pussy squeezed down on me, soaking my digits in her cunt juices. She moaned, my tongue wiggling about in her sour bowels.

I fucked my tongue in and out of her asshole. I tongue-fucked her bowels. It was such a delicious thing to do. My pussy dripped more juices. I was on fire. I plunged my digits deep into Champagne's cunt. She gasped.

Oh, boo, yes! she squealed.

Her pussy went wild around my digits. 

Her asshole spasmed around my tongue as she climaxed. I loved the feel of her cumming. Her juices soaked my hand as she moaned out her passion. I pumped away at her writhing snatch as I savored the sour flavor of her bowels. The cameras snapped away. 

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! 

They captured every moment of her orgasm. Her boobs must be bouncing. Her blonde hair swayed. Her asshole rippled around my tongue. This was so wild. My pussy burned. The entire world must be applauding me right now.

I made Champagne cum.

Boo, you magnificent slut! gasped Champagne. The Black model squeezed her butt-cheeks around me. I gotta return the favor.

She spun around, ripping my tongue out of her asshole and my digits out of her cunt. I gasped in shock as she dropped to her knees before me. She grabbed my legs and buried her face into my snatch. My eyes bulged as she did that. She licked at my cunt. She lapped at me with hunger. It was a rush to have her flicking her tongue through my folds like that.

I groaned as she tongued me with everything that she had. She flicked her naughty tongue through my folds. My back arched as she did that. She tongued me. Feasted on me. She devoured me while the world watched.

Yes! I moaned. Oh, you naughty slut! Tongue me! Ooh, I know you're all loving this!

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!

I didn't even care about the flashing lights. This was just such a treat to have her tonguing me. She licked at me with passion. I loved how she stroked through my folds. My big, natural tits bounced and jiggled.

Oh, yes, I purred, groping my tits. I know what you want me to do. You want me to suckle on my nipple! Mmm, such bad, bad boys and girls out there. But that's okay, darlings, I want to give you what you want!

I hefted my left boob this time and lowered my head. I slid my lips around my own pierced nipple and suckled. I groaned, the pleasure shooting down to that wonderful slut licking my snatch. She tongued me with hunger. She worked that tongue around in me. She stirred me up in such an exciting way. I loved that so much.

I savored this pleasure. My tongue swirled around the nipple ring piercing my nub. I batted it up and down between suckles. The thin wire moving inside of my nipple stimulated me in new ways. My cunt clenched about Champagne's probing tongue.

I loved this so much.

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!

All my naughty fans did, too. I could hear them getting off on it. Fapping. Jerking off. Rubbing their clams. They were all loving what I was doing. I shuddered, grinding my pussy on Champagne's fabulous mouth.

She knew how to eat my pussy. She devoured me with such skill. I loved it so much. I groaned,
 savoring her licking at me. She tongued me with force. She swirled her tongue around my dick. A wave of heat rushed through me. I groaned, my face twisting in delight. I groaned, my heart beating this wild rhythm. 

I would have such a mighty cum. Just burst with delight. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved that so much. I quivered, my face twisting with all this delight. It was perfect. I would have such a big orgasm. Just a mighty burst of bliss.

And drown her in all my cunt cream.

I moaned around my nipple as she tongued me. That was so amazing.

I played with my nipple piercing. Tingles raced down to my cunt. She swirled her tongue around in my pussy. I stretched my back. I quivered in delight, loving what she did to me. It was just such a hot treat to have her licking me.

I rose closer and closer to cumming. I moaned around my nipple. I suckled so hard on it. My cheeks hollowed. I groaned, my body bucking. My fans loved it. They wanted me to suckle my other nipple now. I was so ready to please them.

Oh, darlings, I moaned as my mouth popped off my left nipple, I'll do anything you want! I love all my fans!

I had never cared about my fans, but I loved them now. 

I popped my right nipple into my mouth and suckled. I groaned, my pussy melting around Champagne's tongue. She tongued me. She did such naughty things to me. I loved every bit of what she did to me. 

She licked up to my clit. She tongued around it. I moaned about my nipple, suckling with such force. I rose toward my orgasm as she licked my clit. She stroked over it. Such heat washed through me. I loved every moment of this delight.

That's so good, she whimpered. Drown me, boo! Drown me!

My fans would love that.

I had to cum. I wanted to cum. She suckled on me. I whimpered about my nipple as I rose toward my bursting point. This wonderful heat built and built in me. I groaned, savoring every second of it. My head tossed back and forth.

She nibbled on my clit. That dirty slut. I loved it. The cameras flashed as my orgasm quivered in me. I was so close to cumming. I nibbled on my nipple with my lips. Then I nipped it with my teeth. The sharp pain shot hot bliss down to my cunt.

I exploded.

My pussy went wild. My cunt writhed around my dick. The ecstasy swept through me. It was such a thrill to have that bliss sweep through my body. Stars exploded across my vision. I threw back my head, savoring every moment of ecstasy. I loved this bliss. This rapture. It was outstanding to experience.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my nipple popping out of my mouth. Darlings! I love you all!

My pussy juices gushed out into Champagne's mouth. She groaned as she drank my cream. She gulped down my passion, her tongue flicking through my folds. She teased me. It felt wonderful to have her stroking me like that.

I loved every moment of it. Every last second of her passion. I shuddered, stars dancing before my eyes. I quivered as I hit that amazing peak. I shuddered there, my big boobs heaving, as I reached the pinnacle of bliss.

Yes! I groaned and blew a kiss at the camera broadcasting this to Instagram. To my fans. 

I was so happy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jed Mitchel

This was so crazy. They were just doing whatever the chat said. From having her suck her nipples to saying how much she loved her fans. Anastasia didn't give a shit about anyone but Anastasia, but now she was blowing kisses to them while getting her pussy eaten out by Champagne.

Fuck, I groaned as I squeezed my cock. I had my hand down my jeans now. I couldn't help it. This was out of control. I had to shut down these comments, but...

Fuck the reporters! scrolled up. Beg them to gangbang you all, Anastasia, Champagne, and Zelda!

Yes, I breathed and pulled out my cock. I started jerking off as Zelda darted out on stage naked. Amandin would be furious, but I didn't care. This was it. This was the show of the lifetime. Three supermodels getting gangbanged. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Champagne

I ripped my mouth from Anastasia's spicy pussy and turned on my knees. Gangbang us! 

Yes, yes, gangbang us, darlings! Anastasia moaned as she dropped to her hands and knees beside me, her big boobs swaying. We need all you reporters to fuck our juicy cunts. Our fans demand it!

Four our fans, Zelda moaned as she stretched on her back, her fake tits thrusting up like a pair of gorgeous mountains.

Yes, yes, I love my fans! I moaned. I had never said that before. Beat yo' meat and rub yo' clams to me being fucked like a ho-bag on payday!

The reporters groaned. They set their cameras down and ripped off their shirts. They were stripping naked. They yanked off their slacks and jeans. Boxers and briefs came down. So many cocks appeared. I licked my lips at all of them. I shuddered, savoring this delight. It was such a thrill. 

I was so wet as they scrambled naked on stage. One dropped to his knees before me. He shoved his pale dick at my lips. I opened wide and swallowed that whitebread cock. I didn't care. I suckled on the peckerwood.

He groaned in delight. Fuck, yes, Champagne. You are the hottest slut!

I winked at him and nursed on the White boy's cock. My tongue danced around the crown of his cock. I suckled on him, my round breasts swaying beneath me. I loved this so much. My heart thundered in my breast.

A cock pressed into my pussy, just nuzzling into my shaved cunt. I loved the feel of the dick doing that. It was an awesome delight. I shuddered as he thrust into me hard. He filled me up with that big dick of his.

My boobs swayed as he filled my cunt. I moaned on the White boy's cock. I had no idea who was in my pussy. He had a good dick, though. I loved his cock, drool running down my chin. The man in my cunt gripped my hips.

Shit, I'm in Champagne's cunt! the man groaned as he drew back his cock.

I squeezed down on him, wanting him to have the best time fucking my pussy. I was just a model slut. I was here to be fucked so my fans could beat off and rub their muffs. I wanted them all to cum watching me getting gangbanged.

This is the best fashion show of all time, groaned the White boy I suckled. Fuck Milan. Fuck Paris. Even fuck London. This is it! Fucking Vegas swimwear. The best fucking fashion show there is.

Amen.

I suckled hard on his dick as the other guy fucked my cunt. He plowed his dick into my tits. He buried into me hard and deep. I loved every second of him fucking me like that. Every last moment of his cock burying into my snatch.

I rocked to his rhythm, sliding forward then back. I took his dick with ease while working my mouth up and down the White boy's cock. I groaned, loving his shaft. His precum filled my mouth with all that salty cum. What a treat to enjoy.

I worked back and forth between them, loving the guy fucking my cunt. his crotch slapped my ass on his every thrust. That was so naughty. I felt like such a dirty, dirty whore as they fucked me. It was amazing. I squeezed down on his shaft.

Fuck, he grunted, pounding me. I'm gonna bust a nut in her twat!

I hoped he did.

I suckled so hard on the cock in my mouth, wanting all his cum to fire into me. I didn't care about condoms or the consequences. If I was bred, my fans would love to see my naked belly growing rounder and rounder. They would all jackoff to me or rub their hot cunts.

That was so wild just thinking that. Knowing that I had such amazing fans out there that they would all want to beat off to me. That they would all desire to have sex with me. It was an incredible rush just thinking about this wonderful fact.

Yes, yes, yes, the White boy fucking my mouth grunted. Damn, that's good. That's really, really good. Just suck my dick like that. Oh, you're going to get it, Champagne! Every last burst of cum!

I couldn't wait.

I suckled on him hard. I nursed on him with such passion. As I worshiped him, I loved the other guy's big dick ramming into my cunt. He fucked me with such passion. I savored that amazing dick burying into my snatch. 

My pussy grew hotter and hotter. My orgasm approached. The need to cum on this amazing dick grew and grew in me. I loved every moment of having both cocks in me. Drool ran down my chin as I suckled harder and harder

You're going to get such a big load, Champagne! the guy fucking my cunt said.

Music to my ears.

Yes, yes, yes, groaned the guy I blew.

My tongue swept around his cock. I stroked him with passion, loving how his dick throbbed in my mouth. The other guy slammed his shaft into my cunt, his nuts slapping my clit. Sparks flared that showered through me

I exploded in rapture.

I squealed around the cock in my mouth as my cunt rippled around the dick fucking away at me. He pounded me with such force. He plowed to the hilt in my cunt and grunted. As the rapture drowned my mind, his cum flooded my snatch.

Heat pumped into my writhing twat. My pussy worshiped his cock. I loved his jizz soaking my womb. I whimpered around the dick in my mouth as my mind drowned in euphoria. The White boy grunted in passion.

Champagne!

He erupted.

I loved this cum firing into my mouth. He flooded me with such hot jizz. It was a thrill to savor all that pleasure rushing through me as I gulped down his spunk. I swallowed it all. Two wonderful dicks flooded my mouth with such spunk.

And the cameras recorded it all. My fans witnessed me being flooded with so much jizz. I swallowed every salty drop. My cunt milked the other cock dry. I shuddered as they gave me all their cum. It was so hot. 

Then they were ripping their dicks out of me. 

I need cocks! I moaned and glanced at one guy. He was lying on his back, his hair graying but his dick was hard. That's what I'm talkin' 'bout!

I moved to him, my round tits jiggling, and straddled him. I pressed my cunt right down on his dick. I had so much jizz in me. It was leaking out of me. I felt so good about that. A big smile spread on my lips as I slid up his cock.

I reached the pinnacle and pushed back down him. He groaned as I swallowed his dick. He shuddered as my cunt took inch after inch of his cock. His face twisted in delight as I swallowed every last inch of his cock.

More! I moaned. One of you peckerwoods come fuck my ass!

On it! a young reporter with red hair said. He dropped down behind me and pushed his cock right into my butt-crack.

Another guy, his dick fresh from Anastasia's asshole, rushed at me. He thrust his dick right into my mouth. I opened wide and swallowed his dick, tasting her spicy cunt. I groaned at that, my twat clenching down on the older guy's cock.

The young guy's shaft nuzzled down my butt-crack and found my asshole. I shuddered as he pressed right against my backdoor. He pushed and pushed. I whimpered, loving what he did to me. He thrust hard against my anal ring.

He drilled against me. I squirmed there, loving this so much. He pushed and pushed against me. I whimpered then groaned as he popped into my bowels. He sank that big dick into my anal sheath like a champion. A fucking man.

Champagne! he groaned as he sank his dick into my bowels.

I squeezed my cunt around the cock in my pussy and suckled hard on the dick in my mouth. Salty precum and spicy pussy juices suffused my taste buds. I loved this so much. I squeezed on that big dick in my asshole as he drew back.

I chased him by sliding my pussy up the thick shaft in my snatch. My pussy rejoiced at how great that felt. I plunged back down the older guy's dick as the young guy slammed his shaft back into my asshole.

I moaned around the cock in my mouth.

I suckled hard on that dick, my round boobs jiggling.

I had three White studs fucking me. I loved their pale cocks. I worked my mouth up and down that delicious shaft in my mouth, the flavor of spicy pussy juices fading. My cunt rode the other guy's dick. I worked up and down him. I slid around that thick shaft. I loved how delicious it was to have that amazing cock in me. 

He stretched me out as the other guy hammered my asshole. A dick in both my holes. How exciting. It was just a delight to have them both in me. I nursed on the third man's cock. I suckled on him hard.

It was wonderful. So much cock for me to love. So much dick for me to enjoy. I had all that I could need. Just every last bit of cock I could ever want. I was in heaven. This was what my fans wanted. Fuck swimwear.

They wanted to watch me getting gangbanged. Just being fucked so hard. I quivered in delight, squeezing my holes down on those two dicks. My pussy and asshole drank in the two delicious frictions.

Two wonderful but different pleasures that built in me.

The delight rose and rose in me. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side. I loved this so much. The heat built and built in me. I moaned, nursing hard on that big dick in my mouth. I suckled with all my might on this dick.

It was such a thrill to enjoy that wonderful cock in my mouth. I nursed on him, staring up at his face. He grinned down at me. He gripped my braids on the right side of my head. He held them as he fucked my mouth.

He used me.

That was perfect.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, the young guy hammering my ass moaned. Oh, Champagne! You're a fucking goddess, and I'm pounding your asshole!

I was a goddess. I was so glad that he acknowledged that as I savored having my asshole fucked by him. My bowels melted around his cock, the heat melting down to my cunt where another orgasm built and built in me. I shuddered, savoring this heat. It grew and grew in me. I was so ready to just burst.

My pussy gripped that thick shaft in me. I slammed down that cock, my clit grinding into his pubic bone. I whimpered, the pleasure swelling in me. I was so close to bursting now. I slid up him, loving his crown.

Fuck! he groaned as I plunged my sloppy cunt down his dick.

He erupted in me.

His cum spurted over and over into my pussy. I loved the feel of his cum splashing on my cervix. My orgasm burst through me. Rapture exploded throughout my body. My cunt writhed around his spurting dick while my asshole convulsed around the other cock.

Shit! groaned the young guy pounding my bowels. He rammed to the hilt in my anal sheath. Yes! Champagne!

He spurted his cum into me. I had all that wonderful jizz flooding my body. The guy in my mouth erupted next. He grunted as he spurted his jizz into my mouth. I groaned, gulping down all that spunk. I quivered through all that delight.

My holes suckled at the dicks in my cunt and bowels. I nursed at them as I swallowed blast after blast of jizz. My mind melted from all this wonderful rapture. It was just the best to enjoy this pleasure. I was in heaven.

This was what my fans wanted. To see me drenched in cum. I swallowed all that wonderful spunk. I was in heaven.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Zelda

Yes, yes, give me that dick! I moaned. It was fresh from Champagne's asshole. I had to suck it. That was what my fans wanted. Ram that dirty dick into my whore-mouth!

Okay, the young man, he must barely be eighteen, gasped. He thrust his dick into my mouth.
I savored the dirty flavor of Champagne's asshole as cum ran down my cunt and trickled out of my asshole. That felt so naughty. I suckled hard on this cock, my fake tits jiggling beneath me. My eyes rolled back in my head.

The earthy flavor suffused my mouth. 

I was such a whore for doing this.

A model-slut.

But that was what the fans wanted. They were all fapping their dicks and tickling their twats right now. I could imagine the dirty things they were saying as they watched me buff this cock clean of Champagne's asshole.

They could see my pussy gaping open and all the cum spilling down my thigh. They were all aware of just how big of a whore I was. I loved that. I savored being a huge slut as my tongue slid around the dick in my mouth.

That's so good, he groaned. Oh, wow! You're just driving me wild. I love it. Just keep sucking on me.

I wicked at him.

He groaned as I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his cock as I polished him. I wanted to get off every sour bit of Champagne's asshole. I knew that my fans loved that so much. They wanted me to have such a wild time.

They wanted to see more be a whore.

The cum ran hot down my leg, working farther and farther down me as I swirled my tongue around the crown of his cock. He groaned, his hand sliding through my black hair. He held me tight as I suckled with more and more enthusiasm on him.

The naughty flavor of Champagne's rump faded with each suckle. I worked my lips farther down his cock until he hit the back of my throat. That let me reach fresh parts of his dick with my tongue. I polished his pool, buffing off that earthy musk.

But it faded so quickly.

So I pushed down his dick again. I deep-throated him. He groaned as he slid down my gullet. His cock slid down my throat. I nursed on him with passion. He groaned, his dick twitching in my mouth. I loved him doing that. I savored him throbbing in my mouth.

Shit, he groaned. You're taking so much!

I reached new parts of his dick to clean. I took more and more of him, heading for his red bush. He groaned, his moans filling the air as the other models squealed, the men fucking them grunting. It was so hot. I slid farther and farther down the young man's cock.

I nuzzled into his bush. I had taken every inch of his cock. I had him all in me. He groaned as he stared down at me. I swirled my tongue around his shaft, buffing off the last of the sour musk. I shuddered in delight, moaning around him.

What a treat.

My vocal cords hummed, massaging the crown of his dick. He gasped. 

Zelda! Yes!

The young man's cum fired down my throat.

He pumped his seed directly into my belly. I shuddered as the warmth of his seed filled me up. This was so wild. I couldn't believe this was actually happening. It was. He pumped my stomach full of his cum. He flooded me with so much jizz. It was a wild thrill.

I worked my mouth up his spurting dick until the crown was back in my mouth.

His jizz splashed on the back of my throat and swirled around my tongue I shuddered at how salty that spunk was. I savored the taste as he pumped more and more into me. He groaned as he had so much spunk to unleash.

This is fucking awesome! he groaned.

I winked up at him as I swallowed every drop of his spunk. 

I gulped it down. It was glorious to do that. He shuddered, his hand sliding through my hair. He fired the last few spurts of his jizz. I groaned, working down each and every drop of his spunk. My heart thundered in my chest.

What a pure delight to enjoy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jed Mitchel

I panted, my cum staining my shirt. I had beat off hard. But this was insane. I had to take this under control. I had to stop the chat from telling...

The models what to do. I went over to the controls and turned on moderator comments only. And I was the only moderator. I could tell the models to do things. Tell them to do things to me. Amandin was shouting in fury downstairs.

I shuddered and reached for the keyboard. What should I type? 

To be continued...
