Tia's Game
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2021 by TailWeaver

Chapter 18: A new normal?

Add Tia was trying to be quiet, very quiet, as she slowly sucked on Thomas’s thick cock. She could feel the cool tiles of the kitchen beneath her knees, and the rough denim of Thomas’s jeans as she moved slightly, her exposed nipples hard. Thomas held her long shirt up around her shoulders, forcing her to be nearly nude in the kitchen while they supposedly cleaned up after dinner. It was a sort of cleanup, Tia thought, flushing a little, her mouth sliding down and taking more of Thomas’s prick inside. She was just getting warmed up, into full motion, when he pulled back and pulled her up, her shirt falling back down around her otherwise nude body.

“God, too good, too damn good, but I thought I heard someone getting up. Best be careful”

Tia agreed with the sentiment, if not exactly with its ramifications. Not getting caught was far more important than her getting off while she sucked on him. She was finding her new outlook more than a little exciting, and the minor changes around the house, even during the week, were making her really look forward to tomorrow night.

The week hadn’t started out that differently, she thought, though that was mostly because of her being completely wiped out on Sunday and her Mom’s decision to just order pizza on Monday. There was not any real private time with any of her brothers until Tuesday night, even though it was clear Tim and Thomas both had been trying to talk to her alone when she was doing homework. Unfortunately, their Mom had been on a wild laundry kick on Monday and other than a quick grab of her bare breasts, they had left her alone. — at least they seemed to enjoy the frequent looks at her naked body during her homework time and before school, when she purposely delayed getting dressed as long as possible. Even Katie and her friends had been rather circumspect that first day or two, though Tia knew Katie was dying to talk about all that had happened.

Once Tuesday night had arrived though, and it was Tia and Terrance’s turn to clean up, it quickly became clear that her naughty admissions on the phone while tied naked to Katie’s bed had indeed changed things.

Her brother had barely waited for her to bring back the plates before he had asked her. “It was true, wasn’t it? What you said on the phone?” He had looked uncertain for a moment until she slowly nodded. A secret thrill at her embarrassing admission making her flush with wetness between her legs

“Good! Good! Tim said you were serious, I mean, I just ... Ummm,” he had said, dithering a moment before speaking with a bit more authority. “In that case, hands behind your back, grab your elbows!”

Tia had moved into the kitchen proper and turned to face him, her back against the counter as she moved her hands behind her back and reached for opposing elbows with each hand. She could feel her cotton long tee stretch across her braless breasts as she stretched her arms, and she was not surprised when Terrence reached forward and grabbed her right boob through her shirt before sliding his hand down across her belly, sliding quickly down below her shirt and back upwards a bit until he touched her pubic hair.

“Now, I enjoyed hearing the stuff you said, about what you like, and um, like to do, you know, with us. But, um, I want to hear details” he had said, or words to that effect, while pulling her shirt up and hooking it over her crossed arms behind her back.

She remembered it had felt odd, at first, until she had gotten warmed up, saying things like “I like it. Being naked. I like it when you guys tie me up and make me squirm. Touching me.”

Terrence had started doing the dishes, first bringing everything in from the other room and stacking it so he would be able to just stay in the kitchen. Every time he brought a load in he’d stop and listen, commenting or saying things like “I thought so!”, or “More details please.” or Touching you where?” et cetera.

She remembered trying to get quite explicit, mostly because he encouraged her to do so often, saying stuff like “Oh, god, I love doing this. Touching myself, my clit. My pussy. It’s so wet”. She had stopped holding her arms behind her after a while when he told her to try to cum before he finished the dishes. She spent the last few minutes becoming quite naughty in words and actions, fingering her wet slit while he watched and describing, in detail, what she wanted to do to his penis. His cock.

“Mmmm, I want to suck on you again. It’s so hard, and trembling. When I lick and taste, I feel like a total slut. You guys like me acting like a total slut. I bet. I know. Sucking on your cocks, naked, letting you stick your fingers and stuff inside of me while I suck on you.” She had cum, good and hard, biting her lip to keep from making too much noise, Terrence’s gaze boring into hers as she cupped her hand over herself, jerking and cumming hard.

Wednesday morning Tim had followed her into the bathroom, insisting that he watch her shower. That had started her day in such a slutty mood, that when she got to school and Katie had whispered ‘Naughty Tee-Tee’ in her ear, she had agreed eagerly to Katie’s new rule. She had agreed to go to the girl’s room during the noon break, and bring back her panties, wet and sticky, to Katie in the cafeteria before lunch was over. Her entire demeanor was becoming fairly daring. She had read that hedonistic meant something like how she was feeling, and it had not surprised her at all when Thomas had wanted her to play with his cock during kitchen clean up time tonight.

A bit distracted, her body tingling and her mind definitely not on doing a good job of cleaning the kitchen, Tia tried to calm down and normalize a bit as she spooned the leftovers into a container. She was snapping the lid down, making sure it was sealed, when she felt Thomas come back into the kitchen and slide a hand up under the back of her long sleep shirt. With his hand cupping her bare bottom, she turned towards him, stopping when he again lifted her shirt, his hands moving up to cup both of her breasts.

“God, you are such a sexy little thing” he said, squeezing her nipples and making her knees buckle. He turned her around and pulled his hands free, moving them to her shoulders and pushing down. “Hurry, they all looked engrossed in the show so we should have a few more minutes.”

Tia knelt down quickly, her hands going to the waist of his jeans and helping him push them down. She reached for his still hard cock, stroking it a couple of times as he pushed his underwear out of the way, and she did not hesitate to engulf the thick mushroom head inside of her mouth and return to her eager sucking. Thomas’s cock was the thickest of her brother’s pricks by far, and she felt somehow more slutty sucking his dick than the others. Her mouth was open wider, and she had to really stretch to get more of him inside of her mouth than with the other two. Moaning softly, she felt him throbbing as she pushed down, the back of her mouth filling with the thick fleshy head of his cock. Sucking, she held herself in place as she ran her tongue around the thick rim of his prick, holding on to his hips as he pressed inside of her eagerly.

She knew they had to hurry, so she eagerly encouraged him to slide in and out even faster once his hips began to thrust. His cock slid in and out of her open mouth easily, her lips sliding along the shaft and over the thick head with every retreat. Licking her lips and breathing deep, she took him deep with every thrust, her hands holding onto his quivering buttocks as she sucked on his thick shaft like a good, eager, horny, slut. Fully in her naughty slut mode, she felt him press harder, faster, and she pulled her lips off for a minute, stroking his shaft as hard and as fast as she could, until she could sense he was going to shoot. Quickly putting her mouth back over his overly large cockhead, she felt him spasm and spurt, the thick cream coating her cheeks and tongue. Holding on, she waited for him to finish, before pulling back and licking her lips stickily. It was still sorta nasty, she thought, though she was getting sort of used to it. She much preferred the taste at the start, when they were just leaking or oozing a bit. Much sweeter and easier to handle.

“Shit. You guys better hurry. I just stopped mom from checking on you!

Tim stood near the table, monitoring the entrance to the tv room and waving his hand fervently behind his back

“Oh fuck. Ok yeah. We’re done sorry just,” Tim protested, pulling away and tucking his still oozing cock back into his pants.

“Yeah, yeah. If you get us caught!!”

“I know! I know! Sorry!”

Getting up and quickly moving to put the leftovers in the fridge, Tia forced herself to swallow Thomas’s stuff in her mouth, grabbing a glass and quickly filling it with water. Cleansing her mouth. She drank quickly before grabbing a paper towel and making sure her face was clean

“Oh god. That was...!” She said, calming herself as much as possible before rejoining the others.

“Yeah. Intense!”

“I was going to say terrifying, but. Yeah, intense is good too.”

Quickly finishing up, the two followed Tim into the other room, dropping and studiously ignoring each other as they pretended to watch the show.

On both Thursday and Friday mornings she had visitors during her shower, the boys apparently taking turns watching her, teasing her, giving her a charge to start the day. After all that had happened, she was not sure why they seemed to enjoy watching her wash her body, or dry off with a towel, but she could not deny the thrill she got from the naughty exhibition. Perhaps it was simply because it was new and different.

Not being her turn to help with the after dinner cleanup on Thursday, the only excitement had been while she was doing homework. Naked, she had her door open as always, her brothers frequently walking by for a quick look, though never risking coming in and being caught by their mother. Still playing it safe. After an hour or so, she had gotten a little bored, and turned her chair towards the open door, leaving herself open to a more intimate viewing. After the first time one of her brothers paused at her doorway, smiling, she got more and more worked up, slowly starting a gentle masturbation session, her eyes staring at the hallway. She could see Thomas glancing down the hall when he stopped by, and when she was sure that someone was on the lookout, so to speak, she relaxed a bit more and became a lot more open. Turning to face the door directly, she spread her legs as wide as they were when she had been tied up, and continued to play with herself, her body writhing with pleasure. It was intense. And only a little naughty, she had thought as her orgasm rapidly approached. Getting herself off while they took turns watching, while she was supposedly doing her homework, had been rather satisfying, though no substitute for the Friday night games she was looking forward to this evening.

Tina got home on Friday, all excited about the evening’s games. Thomas’s scowl and Tim’s nod for her to follow him upstairs made her worry something was wrong. As soon as they got to her room, Tim stood at the door while she entered and tossed her bag on her bed. Not waiting for him to explain, she unbuttoned her top, pausing when he shook his head slightly.

“Just, um, wait a second. Dad caught some sort of bug, so they aren’t going anywhere. I mean, you can still be naked and stuff, but, mm, they aren’t going out.”

Tina’s heart sank, the disappointment overpowering everything else for a minute. She went and flopped on her bed, letting out an exasperated sigh, pouting a little as she worked to ‘get over it’. She glanced over at her door and noticed Tim had left, no doubt as disappointed as she was. Grabbing her phone, she texted Katie, complaining about the abrupt change of plans.

:No game night. Dad sick :( ::Ouch. Poor TT! :Ya. Six ::Least you coming over tomorrow :Ya. That’s good.

Laying there and chatting a bit with Katie, Tia began to feel better, eventually stripping off and lying atop her bedclothes. ’At least I can enjoy this,’ she thought, dropping her phone and staring at the ceiling for a while.

Wanting to at least enjoy what she could, Tia decided this was another naked dinner night, and when she joined her mother and her brothers for the evening meal, she could at least enjoy her brother’s secretive looks, and her mother’s exasperated eye-roll.

Cleaning up was her turn with Tim, and as she loaded the dishwasher, she sighed, thinking about how much better the night could have gotten. Her mother brought a couple of plates into the kitchen, changing up the natural order of things, and Tia was very glad Tim had not even come into the kitchen yet. As it was, Tia’s bent over posture caused her mother to cough nervously as she entered, and Tia privately enjoyed her mother’s discomfort - just glad her mom said nothing, as it was hard to continue to talk about.

Later, while everyone watched a movie together and shared a couple bowls of popcorn, she again pushed things, ever so slightly, just to feel ‘something’ close to the excitement she had been looking forward to. Halfway through the movie, she dropped the blanket from around her and rolled onto her stomach, letting the back of her lay exposed while the movie continued. She knew everyone could see her, yet nothing was truly over the top - merely unusual and unorthodox. It did not make up for an evening of Miss Sparrow games, but it at least helped pass the time and make her forget some of her disappointment.

Heading over to Katie’s house, Tia dashed off a text to let her know she was on the way.

:Almost there.

She paused, thinking a moment, and added:

:Miss Katie

After the last time she stayed at Katie’s, she wanted her best friend to know, for sure, that Tia wanted to play. And since there had been no games last night, she was more than primed for some fun.

Just as Tia reached Katie’s door, she heard the chime that indicated a text from Katie.

::In that case, TT

She could see the three dots of another message coming in.

::I’m watching. Find a spot where you can see the door and make your slutty TT cum before I will allow you inside for more.

Tia flushed, reading Katie’s command, knowing just how much her friend likes to play things on the dangerous side. She looked around for some place at least partially shielded from the driveway and sidewalk, and was moving over to stand next to (but not quite ‘in’) the hedge that bracketed the front porch. Staring at the front door, trusting Katie to be watching, and keeping Carol away, Tia reached down and pressed her hand against herself, rocking her hips a little as she obediently worked herself up. It seemed to only take a second or two before she was twitching against her own hand, her overworked libido raging into a fire of need before she had spent even a minute toying with herself. She could hear a car on the street behind her, and she closed her eyes briefly, touching herself harder, as she worked to get herself into full on submissive mode, willing to do anything Katie asked.

Another chime interrupted her self-pleasure.

::Hurry up, TT! God, I thought you were a slut!

Flushing, her eagerness to play overcoming what little reluctance the situation was forcing upon her, Tia again leaned into the shrubbery, her hand pushing inside of her shorts and sliding through her wetness to get her fingers wet. Circling her clit, she stared hard at the door, playing with herself, feeling her legs quivering and knees getting a little weak as she felt her orgasm rising within her. Feeling her body losing contact with reality, she pressed harder against herself, her fingers almost pinching her clit as she felt the wave crash over her, just as the front door opened.

“There she is. Such a good girl. C’mon in, Tee-tee!” Katie was smiling, obviously enjoying her power over Tia, and it took Tia a couple seconds to regain motor control and pull away from the shrubbery.

As Katie closed the door behind them, she came up to Tia, grabbing her hand and looking her in the eye. “You honestly want this, right? Not just like before.”

“No, um, Miss Katie.” Tia replied, again underscoring just how much she wanted to play.

“Last night was a bust, so...”

“Don’t worry, we’ll have a blast, but first...”

Katie turned Tia away from her, standing with her arms around her waist. While the two stood still, Katie ran her hands up under Tia’s shirt, pushing it until Tia could feel Katie’s hands on her breasts, squeezing them through her bra. Katie pushed Tia’s bra up and over her hard nipples, not bothering to unhook the strap, cupping each breast and pinching Tia’s nipples in tandem, making Tia’s knees buckle slightly.

“God. Such an eager slut. Bet you are drenched from your little show, huh?” Katie added, teasing, leaving Tia’s shirt and bra bunched up over her breasts, Katie’s hand sliding down and pushing Tia’s shorts over her hips, pausing as they stretched, reaching to pop the tightly bound snap before they would slide down further. Katie’s fingers slid through Tia’s pubic hair quickly, finding her wet slit, teasing Tia’s clit and making Tia collapse back against her friend. Just as quickly as she started, Katie pulled her hands away, backing up and leaving Tia half dressed and body tingling.

“Let’s go to my room, Tee-Tee. You know the rules.”

Tia indeed knew the rules by now, and it did not take long for her to finish removing the clothes Katie had already pushed askew. Like the last time, she handed each piece of her clothing to Katie, watching Katie enjoying her obedient clothing removal. As she climbed the stairs, naked and aroused, she realized she had not even wondered where Carol was. It was as if she trusted Katie completely to take care of such things.

A matter of moments later, it seemed, Tia was bound and stretched across the sheets of Katie’s bed, the familiar ropes binding her softly but effectively. Straining against the bindings around her wrists and ankles, Tia enjoyed the feeling of being trapped, her body moving from side to side an inch or so, rubbing against the sheet, her bare skin alive to every sensation.

“Someone is happy,” Katie said, sitting down to the side of Tia’s nude form. As she traced a fingernail from Tia’s shoulder, down the side of her breast, across her stomach and circling Tia’s pubic hairline, she continued to lightly tease her bound friend. “Look at how you move when I do this. I’m not doing anything, really, just drawing a line, making sure you know that every single inch of your body is naked and open, available for anything to do anything they like.

The long tease was making Tia’s body go crazy, and combined with her earlier masturbation before she was even allowed into the house, she was as primed and ready as ever.

“Please,” she said softly, begging.

“Oh, please. Please!” Katie responded, still teasing, her fingertips staying away from Tia’s truly erogenous zones for another long minute of titillating tracing.

“Katie...” Tia again panted, begging.

“Miss Katie to you, my little Tee-Tee.”

“Sorry! Miss Katie, please, god I’m so dang wound up!”

“Hmmm, wound up? I don’t think that’s how a good little slut should talk? Polite euphemisms are for proper girls. You are not a proper girl, are you?” Katie responded, her voice light as her finger continued to tease, though it inched ever closer to a nipple, or the wet slickness between Tia’s legs.

“God, ungh, I’m so horny. I’m so fucking horny!”

“There you go, such a good little Tee-Tee. Is this what you want? Hmm?” Katie relented, her fingers suddenly sliding through Tia’s wet labia, pressing firmly against her sex before sliding wetly up to toy with Tia’s clit.

“Oh god. Fuck ... yes” Tia swore, her hips pressing up eagerly against her friend’s hand. Bound, unable to get away, forced to only get what pleasure Katie deigned to give her, Tia was in her familiar submissive heaven.

“There you go, making me touch your naughty bits. I swear, Tia, you are such a needy pet. If I didn’t love you so much, I’d probably just make you suffer. But I can’t stand to see anybody suffer, no, that would never do. I know you like this,” Katie teased, her fingers curling in and fucking Tia, Katie’s thumb moving up to press Tia’s clit firmly from side to side. “Oh, yes, good little slut, why don’t you cum for Miss Katie. Show her you are nothing but a little cum girl. Don’t worry, you’ll still get a snack. Plenty of it. I know you love that too”

Katie’s words and finger motions continued, pushing Tia ever higher, until Tia spasmed in a second delicious orgasm, straining against her ropes and savoring every second of the torturous wave of pleasure.

As Tia recovered, she felt Katie move away for a moment, before she crawled onto the bed, her naked lower half straddling Tia’s head as she gave Tia an up close and personal look at her damp blond curls and the warm pinkness that peeked through. As Katie lowered her hips, and Tia began to obediently lick and pleasure her friend, Tia felt the world fade away as her entire world became nothing but the smell of her friends arousal, the taste of her juices dripping into her mouth, and the sounds of Katie’s pleasure as she once again rode her best friend’s face to orgasm.


Chapter 19: Katie’s sleepover surprise

Katie was standing by the bed, once again fully dressed, her slightly flushed face the only evidence of what had just occurred. “Well, as much as I’d love to keep you there all afternoon and night, I don’t really want you to wet the bed!” she teased, “at least not ‘that’ way!”. Katie began to untie one of Tia’s akles, adding, “Besides, the girls will be here soon.”

‘Girls?” Tia asked, not alarmed as much as surprised.

“Sleepover, duh, I told you!”

“You did? I thought it was just you and me. Who else is coming? Rhea?”

“Yep, and Caitlyn and Jazz.” Katie released Tia’s foot and moved to the otherside to untie Tia’s other foot.

Tia moved her leg experimentally, feeling her damp and sticky thighs touch for the first time in a couple hours. “Oh ... good, I mean, I love it when we are all here.”

“Yeah, it’s going to be fun, for sure,” Katie said, as if she had something planned that she was not sharing.

“Oh? Special movie again?” Tia asked, moving both of her legs around a bit as Katie undid the bindings on her wrists. The ‘special’ movie so long ago had started all of this for Tia, and she wondered if Katie had managed to get her hands on something else racy and R rated.

“You’ll see, I don’t want to spoil all my surprises. And pizza of course, Mom is gonna order for us when we are ready.”

Tia could finally move her hands, and she stretched for a moment, rubbing her wrists and getting her blood flowing again. She sat up and brushed her hair back, watching Katie for a moment before getting up and grabbing her pile of clothes Katie had brought up when they had come upstairs. Picking up her underwear, she blushed a little, remembering the intense fright she had felt last week when they had unexpectedly run into Katie’s mom.

“C’mon, lets go make sure we have enough soda’s and stuff getting cold before they get here”

Tia quickly finished dressing, taking a deep breath to finish calming down after her intense session on the bed. She glanced at Katie, blushing a little as she remembered what she had just been doing and hesitated a little.

“C’mon, you are going to have to face her eventually, I swear she was ok. Really!” Katie said, leaving the room and giving Tia no further chance to hesitate - unless she decided to stay alone. Knowing that would only bring more questions, Tia followed Katie downstairs into the kitchen, and tried to not look at Carol, Katie’s mom, when she and Katie began discussing the snacks for the evening. She thought she saw Carol smile at her as if trying to reassure her, but she was still too nervous about it all to say anything. She simply concentrated on peering into the refrigerator as if the contents were extremely captivating.

“Try to keep it down to a dull roar tonight, ok? Sometimes when you get all together the noise can be heard down the street!”

Tia was fairly certain Carol was teasing, and as they both assured her that they would try and keep it down, she finally looked at Carol’s face and smiled, relaxing when everything seemed to be like always - as if she had never dashed naked through the kitchen last week.

The girls collected on two couches as they chattered excitedly, catching up on their latest activities as each girl arrived, making a pile of their bags for later. Rhea’s long blonde hair had gotten even longer, it seemed, and as the athletic girl twirled to show off her new style, it was clear she was going to have to do something to keep it out of the way when volleyball started up again. Caitlyn had indeed gotten a new outfit a couple weeks ago at the mall, and she was quick to encourage them all to go back as a group and get everyone something nice. Her dark hair, almost as dark as Tia’s, kept wafting about her face, her recent style framing her face rather than hanging down straight like it had last week. Jasmine, or Jazz as they all called her, was quiet as usual, her dark eyes and dark skin giving her an otherworldly look compared to the rest of them.

After a lull in the conversation, Caitlyn brought what had obviously been on her and Rhea’s mind.

“So, you see your cousin’s friend from camp again?”

“No!” Katie protested, looking at Jazz and Tia as if wanting to hide the discussion from them.

“Which friend? Do we know her?” Jasmine asked, her soft voice with it’s lilt always a little surprising to hear. She was often almost completely quiet, intent to listen and go along with the group.

“No, well, we don’t know her but we saw her well enough” Rhea said, breaking down into giggles.

Tia played along with Katie’s denial “Wha??”

“Oh, well, you see.”

“Wait, wait, I’ll tell you guys, but you have to swear to not tell anyone else!” Katie said, looking at Jasmine and Tia, though Tia could tell she was not as reluctant as she appeared.

Katie explained to Jasmine, and making it look like Tia was also not aware of all of this, that she had met a girl at camp, who had a cousin that was rather wild and crazy - at least when it came to ropes and stuff. She even mentioned the movie that had started Tia’s own curiosity, and weaved a bit of what had really happened with Tia into her story that culminated in her having this ‘cousin’ tied to her bed and showing off to Rhea and Caitlyn on the phone just a couple weeks ago.

“No way...” Jasmine said softly into the silence that followed Katie’s explanation.

“I know, right?”

“But how can she let people do that? How could she let you?”

“I told you, she likes it. I’ve read about people like that, you know.”

“I dunno, pretty weird,”

“Weird, yeah, I could never, I mean, can you imagine?”

“I know, I know! God, like how could she even look at you later. And why did you do it? I mean, it’s kinda, you know ... gross!”

“I dunno, I was curious to see if it was true I guess. And, well, you saw, I just kept going and she never stopped me so ... soon enough she was naked. It was kinda weird, but, I dunno, I sorta liked tying her up”

“Yeah, I bet. I mean, that does sound sort of fun, being in charge and stuff. Maybe with a boy!”

The group devolved into giggles and discussions about which boy Caitlyn would want, and then they had to argue about who would be best for each of them. After much teasing and giggling, they once again quieted, each thinking their own thoughts until Caityn again spoke up.

“You are so lucky. I mean, yeah it’s weird, but obviously it was fun. Wish I had a cousin like that”

Katie looked at Tia and gave her a look.

“Yeah, it was a little weird and awkward at first” Katie replied again giving Tia a look.

Tia was not sure what Katie was expecting, but she began to get a little nervous idea in the back of her mind.

“One of us could do it, you know, just so the others could try it a little!” Katie said after another long lull in the conversation.

“No way, I could never!” “Are you nuts? I mean, my god!”

“No, not the same, not naked, just ... you know ... I have the ropes still,” Katie said, making it sound less scary, yet still pushing the crazy idea. Tia was certain she knew where Katie was headed with this, and she could already feel herself reacting.

“Still, you are crazy! We are not like that! Right?” “No, no way, you’re losing it!” “I could never...”

Katie was giving Tia another look, and suddenly she was sure what she was supposed to do. But did she dare? It was too much like her secret fantasy. The one she had barely been able to admit to Katie. And as she remembered that, she realized exactly what Katie was trying to do.

“I ... I will let you guys ... if you want. I mean, I trust you and stuff...”

“Really? For real?”

“Yeah, I mean, it didn’t sound like it hurt or anything, and I mean, I used to play cops and robbers with my brothers growing up, we always tied someone up. Usually Terrence, but sometimes me, it was all part of the game.”

“Oh wow, are you sure? I mean, do we dare? What about your mom?”

“Oh, it’ll be fine, wecan just go to my room, she won’t bother us until it’s time for pizza, unless we get too noisy!”

Just like that, it was settled, and Tia nervously let herself be carried along with the others as the gaggle of girls headed upstairs to Katie’s room. Tia’s eyes went immediately to Katie’s bed, sure that there would be some sign of their earlier escapades, but her blushing quickly abated as she realized Katie must have tidied up when she wasn’t paying attention. As the girls milled around, and Tia stood nervously between the bed and Katie’s desk, they all watched as Katie opened up a drawer and pulled out a small collection of white rope.

“Ooooh! Those look...” Rhea said, pausing and reaching out to touch one. “Soft, they are soft, but strong, huh?”

Katie nodded, passing the lengths of rope around, letting everyone, including Tia, feel them for a moment.

“So, um, how do we wanna do this?”

“Hmm, we could start like this, I guess,’’ Katie said, turning to Tia and motioning to her. “Put your hands out ... no, together. Yeah, like that” she said, quickly looping the longer section of rope around each wrist, coming back through the middle and tugging on it like a little leash.

“We did this first, I think and ... see, you can lead them,” Katie said, tugging on the rope and gently making Tia follow her towards the bed, the door and then back to where she was. Rhea wanted to try next, and then Caitlyn, though Jasmine demurred, her eyes wide and a slight tinge of pink in her cheeks.

“That’s cool. Kinda. How does it feel, Tia?” Rhea asked, looking at the others as they all watched TIa curiously.

“S’ok, it doesn’t hurt or anything. Just a little, um, weird.”.

“Yeah, kinda. Then what? I mean, let’s do like you did the other girl, you know, on the bed.:

“I’m not taking off my clothes you guys!” Tia protested, though the idea was filling her mind and making her rather reckless.

“No, no, just, you know, tied up like you are now.”

‘Oh, mmm, ok” Tia said, trying to hide her interest, Katie’s knowing look not helping matters.

As she lay atop the covers, in the same spot she had been a couple hours ago, (although she was not naked this time), Tia felt a surge of submissive energy flow through her as she lifted her arms above her head, waiting as Katie adjusted the bindings a bit before tying them off on the headboard.

“Oooh, she’s stuck now. Look at that” Caitlyn said, nodding at Tia’s raised arms pulling her shirt up tight across her chest.

“Mmmmm ... you wanna do one foot? Just match what I do with this one” Katie said, handing the other short piece of rope to Rhea. “ Jasmine, come on, you can help too!”

Jasmine moved closer but did not reach out to any of the ropes, simply watching as Katie took ahold of Tia’s foot and began to loop the rope around her ankle and bottom of her foot in a criss crossing motion, starting with a loop that was released after a couple of rotations, through which Katie slid the end of her rope through, using that to hold the ankle and foot without putting too much pressure on it.

“Yeah, that loop is the important part. I watched this video online, it’s, like, much better than just, you know, looping around and around” Katie said, moving over and helping Rhea redo her rope, getting it positioned correctly. “Yep, now, just tie it to the footboard, like this, and voila!”

Tia had lain still, letting Katie lead the way, tying her ankles to each corner of the bed frame with the help of Rhea and the others.

“Wow. So, she’s stuck, right?”

“Yeah ... Try and get free Tia.”

Tia pulled on her bounds, lightly but steadily, just to show that she was tied firmly.

“Harder, really try for us, and tell us what it feels like!”

Tia pulled harder, her muscles obviously straining as she thrashed a little from side to side but was unable to pull herself free, in fact, she did not even budge the bindings at all.

“It’s ... I dunno ... Scary, but ... maybe exciting” Tia said, not wanting to admit the truth, not sure she was really ready for everyone to know, even though she was fairly certain Katie was trying to find some way to expose Tia’s secret.

“That is so cool though!”

“Yeah, like we could do anything, tickle her even!”

“No no, please, no, I hate that, you guys promised to be nice and stuff!”

“Ok ok ok, but we should do something. DId you do anything else with that girl’s cousin, you know, besides...”

‘Um, she liked to be searched, I guess you could call it. Like this...” Katie said, running her hand up Tia’s leg, over her shorts and up along her side. “I dunno, Tia?” she asked, giving Tia a certain look that Tia knew meant to go along.

“Oh, yeah, um, ok, just, please, don’t tickle, promise!”

“We promise, we promise!” Caitlyn said, moving over to the other side of the bed and mirroring Katie’s motions. Rhea moved towards the foot of the bed, running her hand up and down Tia’s left leg, nodding for Jasmine to do the same to Tia’s other leg. Tia was quickly shivering in nervous enjoyment as four and then more hands began to run over her body. She worked hard to keep her enjoyment to herself, making only neutral sounding noises of someone playing a role. Her eyes kept drawing back to Katie’s, and when she saw Katie’s small smirk, she was certain that things were not going to stay so platonic. She felt a nervous knot of fear build in her stomach, torn between the desire to see this play out, and the fear that the others, besides Katie, would disapprove, or even think there was something wrong with Tia. She felt Katie’s hand brush against her breast, and as she looked at Katie, she saw that she was looking and staring at Caitlyn, obviously trying to get the other girl to notice.

Nothing happened at first, Katie simply continued to bump up against Tia’s left breast, slowly making it a bit more obvious.

“Katie?” she heard Rhea ask from the foot of the bed, and she closed her eyes as she imagined them all looking at Katie. When Katie’s hand more firmly rode over half of her breast, she shivered inside, and she knew that Katie was pushing things, eager to see Tia exposed before them all.

“Wha? That’s how you search, I think, at least that’s what I did the last time.”

“But ... Tia...”

“I ‘m sure she will say something if it’s not how the game is supposed to be played, won’t you Tee-ahh” Katie said, teasing out Tia’s name, making her fear she was going to use her pet name in front of the others.

Tia opened her eyes, nodding quickly, darting her gaze around the group before closing her eyes again, acting like if she couldn’t see them, that it wasn’t really happening.

“See? It’s just part of the game. Getting tied up and searched” Katie said, her hand running over Tia’s shoulder and down across her bra to her stomach, before returning upwards and more firmly pressing against her whole breast.

Tia repressed her desire to moan as her nipple hardened under Katie’s touch, her whole body feeling that delicious wave of submissive arousal as she lay there being constantly caressed. Her reluctance to be exposed before her peers, of being found out, was rapidly fading away as she felt the first of the more intimate kind of touching. She began to actively desire them to touch her, to take her clothes off and touch her like Katie or her brothers did, even though a part of her was sure they would not approve. She began to stop caring. The feelings were intense, just from Katie’s touch and the knowledge of them all being there. When a second hand briefly touched her right breast for a second before coming back and sliding over it more firmly, she was unable to stop a small whimper of pleasure.

No one said a word as Tia lay there, and she kept her eyes closed, not wanting it to stop, not wanting to see who was doing what. She could feel hands sliding up and down her stomach and chest, sliding over her breasts, over and over, as if they were trying to see if she would stop them. The hands on her legs, at least on one side, slid further and further up her thigh until she was wiggling her hips a little in nervousness.

“Oh wow...” she heard Jasmine say, and she could feel the girl’s soft petite hand sliding along her calf and above her knee. Rhea’s hand on her right side was more daring, riding up along her thigh, sending tendrils of sensation into her center. Caitlyn’s hand soon became as confident as Katie’s was, and it was clear after a moment that they were both simply massaging her breasts while she lay tied to the bed.

“Probably need to search her everywhere, right?” Tia heard Katie ask rhetorically as a hand was slid down to her waist, tugging on her shirt and pushing it out of the way before the same hand slid across her quivering stomach.

“Katieeeeee” she heard Rhea half whisper, and she concentrated on every single touch she was feeling as Katie’s hand drew little designs over her stomach. She felt her shirt moving up as Katie’s hand slid up under it, coming to rest on her bra, giving her nipple a little pinch. “Mmmmmm” she said softly, and it was like it was a signal. The other girls’ hands moved a bit more boldly, and she could feel Caitlyn repeating Katie’s motion and was soon caressing her breast underneath her shirt as well.

Tia began to pull against her bonds a little as the pleasure increased, and she felt herself twisting as if to press her breasts into first one hand and then another. Rhea, or possibly Jasmine’s hands on her legs also grew more bolder, and she was constantly reacting to soft touches on her inner thigh, quite near the junction of her legs. She could feel her legs trembling a little as she moved away and back into the touches, and the constant spread apart nature of her confinement continued to make her even more aroused.

“Go ahead” she heard Katie say, and Tia opened her eyes to see her and Rhea exchanging a look, and she gasped as Rhea’s hand dug into the space between her hip and her thigh. She felt a flush rushing over her and she bit her lip to keep quiet as she again closed her eyes.

“See?” she heard Katie say, and she was not surprised to feel Katie’s hand moving off of her breast and sliding quickly down between her widely spread legs, boldly patting Tia’s tightly stretched shorts. The touch was brief, but it seemed to encourage Rhea, and as she felt Katie and Caitlyn again push up on her shirt, she could feel herself getting quite warm down below. A hand was frequently running along the leg of her shorts, and if the other was not quite as bold, it was definitely stroking her inner thigh ... both of of her thighs feeling the intimate touches now.

Tia felt tingles of goosebumps rush up her chest and arms, even making the back of her head tingle as her shirt was pushed further and further upwards, until she knew her bra was completely uncovered. Her nipples were aching, and as she again opened her eyes to take a quick peek, she saw Caitlyn boldly playing with her right breast and nipple, teasing it though her bra. Katie had run her fingers over her soft flesh above the cups before again running her hand down, down over her stomach, and slid it an inch under her shorts.

“Mmmmngggh, she said, seeing them turn to look at her, and quickly closing her eyes again. She couldn’t admit what she wanted out loud, but she hoped they would not stop, they would continue, if she just kept her eyes closed and did not protest.

“Mmmm, someone likes this I think” Katie said, her hand coming up and pushing against her bra, her fingers boldly finding her nipple and pinching it.

Tia moaned and twisted again as she heard Rhea answer “No kidding, I would have never thought...”

Tia shivered in anticipation as her shirt was pushed up over her head, blinding her if she had not had her eyes closed already. She could feel both Caitlyn and Katie working the fabric up over her head, sliding it up her bound arms, letting it lie loosely about her wrists. Their hands returned to her nearly nude chest, and it was not long before Katie was pressing on her, turning her onto her side enough to unhook her bra. Tia held her stomach muscles tight, anticipating their touch as she lay back on her back. As the soft fabric was pulled away from her breasts, and pushed up and over her head to join her shirt, she thought she sensed a silence amongst the four of them.

“Are you guys, sure? I mean, isn’t this kinda...” she heard Jasmine ask, and she waited for one of the others to speak. A hand on her bare breast, soon joined by another on her other breast was followed by Katie’s reply. “She can stop us anytime she wants. If she doesn’t like it. But it’s kinda obvious she does, right? Like it, I mean”

“Yeah, I mean, I kinda want to see, you know, what it’s like to have someone tied up like this,” Caitlyn replied, her hand and fingers not shy at all about touching Tia’s breast or nipple.

“Yeah, I mean, look at her...” She heard Rhea add as her hips moved to get away from the ticking touches on her inner thigh, but continued to press back for more.

“Here, you try” she heard Katie say, before she heard Katie moving down and Jasmine moving up to stand at her side. A soft touch on her stomach was enough to confirm that Jasmine had replaced Katie, and Katie’s rather bold hand on her thigh was quite obvious. Especially as it claimed her sex with a firm pat before rubbing the seam of her shorts like a boy rubbing his prick.

“OH mmmmm” she gasped, bucking up a little against Katie’s hand, and she was not surprised when the snap of her shorts was undone and pulled open. “Gotta make sure she’s not hiding anything” Katie said, teasing her, before a second hand was fighting for access and it was clear Rhea was reaching in and going to discover just how wet Tia was getting.

“Oh god, she’s ... i mean ... she’s really wet. I mean ... Really!” Rhea said, her words shaming and arousing Tia, making her continue to silently beg for more.

“Wait a minute ... hold her still. Rhea. See that mole right there?” Tia froze in place as everyone’s hands stopped moving. She had a tiny mole just under and to the side of her right breast.

“Hmmm ... I think Katie was not telling the truth. There was no cousin of a friend from camp, was there?”

“What do you mean?” Jasmine said, obviously not aware of all that had gone on.

“Couple weeks ago, Katie was all cool and proud showing off her friend’s cousin that loved to be tied up, even showing us on the phone. But there wasn’t a cousin, was there?”

“No...”

“I thought so. So that means, someone not only likes to be tied up, they want to be naked. Completely and utterly naked.” As soon as Caitlyn said that, Tia could feel Rhea undoing her ankle, barely holding it for a second before two sets of hands were on her shorts, pulling them, and her damp panties down to collect around her left ankle. As quick as that, she was naked and aroused in front of all four of her friends, and as her ankle was again bound to the corner of the bed, Tia felt her submissive arousal washing over her.

“So, Tia, tell us why you guys lied, hmm?” Rhea asked, her hand running up Tia’s thigh, straight for her now exposed sex.

“I call her Tee-Tee when she wants to play.”

“Tee-Tee huh? Tee-Tee?”

‘Yes ... mmm Miss Rhea”

“Oh god, Miss Rhea? She calls you Miss Katie I assume? Oh god, I’ve read about this.”

Tia was beyond aroused now, her embarrassment was exquisite. The light touches on her skin were exactly what she needed to keep her excitement at a high pitch.

“I kinda wondered if you did more than tie her up though, looking at how wet she looked like on the phone, I can see she’s just as wet right now. I bet if I did this...” Tia gasped, moaning freely as she felt a finger slide along her soaked slit. Her hips thrust up briefly before collapsing back onto the bed.

“Oh wow, she likes that? Fuck? I dunno if I’d want anyone to touch me like that, much less, you know...” Jasmine’s voice sounded a bit shocked as well as a tiny bit judgemental, though Tia was past caring at this point.

“Yes, she does, don’t you Tee-Tee?”

“God ... don’t make me...” Tia moaned, her arousal driving her mad with need.

“Mmmmm, tell us...” Katie said, accompanying her words with a brief, intense thrum of Tia’s clit.

“ ... Katie...”

“Tell us...” Katie repeated, again pressing against Tia’s clit just long enough for her to begin to enjoy it, before pulling her thumb and fingers away again.

“I ... I...”

“Go on ... you know you really want to. She really is a bit of a ... well ... she’ll tell you I bet...”

“I ... I want to cum ... please...” Tia finally gasped, her eyes open and pleading, the shame filling her face before she again shut her eyes.

“You do hmm? Why is that I wonder ... hmmm?”

“I ... god Katie ... fuck you ... I ... I’m a slut. OK? Happy? I want to cum ... bad ... and I’m a slut ... a slut slut slut slut slut!”

Tia didn’t care if she stunned her friends, her arousal and need was growing with every passing second. The long silence after her outburst made it clear she had definitely stunned, if not shocked, them all. Katie’s fingers began to move in a familiar way, urging Tia onward, coaxing her to cum in front of them all. As Tia writhed and pushed back against Katie’s fingers, she pulled on her hands, aching to be able to touch herself and bring herself over the edge.

“Oh god, oh god, oh god’ she panted, and she heard them begin to talk again, their voices tumbling over each other, as she felt her orgasm near.

“How can she do that? I’d just ... die!” “Should we really be doing this, i don’t think, I mean” “God that looks -- nasty. What a -- yeah, what she said, a slut! She fucking loves it!”

The words washed over her, making her submissive, exhibitionist driven arousal ramp up even more. As she pressed up against Katie’s fingers, she felt the wave begin to crash over her, and for a while, all she could think about was the exquisite pleasure exploding outward from her cunt to the rest of her body.

“You are so bad, keeping this a secret, you should have told us!” Rhea sounded almost upset.

“I know, but, wasn’t this better, hmm? I mean ... look at her...”

“I guess I mean. I still can’t believe it, you know. Tia??” Caitlyn was siding a little with Rhea, though neither of them seemed all that upset, not really. Mostly that they had been kept in the dark.

“It’s always the quiet ones, right?” Jasmine added, blushing when everyone looked at her, surprised she had said anything.

“What now?” You gonna leave her like that all night? Won’t your mom know something’s up?” Caitlyn asked, sounding eager to keep Tia tied up and spread wide. Her hand reached down a little and lightly played with Tia’s hard nipple, idly toying with the bound girl’s breast while they continued to talk over her.

“We can. I mean, she loves all of this, I’m sure Tee-Tee won’t mind, will you?” Katie said, her fingers sliding back between Tia’s legs and lightly stroking her damp slit, her body still recovering from her public orgasm.

Tia shook her head, closing her eyes as she saw all four of them watching her as she lay stretched and bound, her naked body completely in their power.

“See?”

“Yeah, I mean, wow.” Tia heard Rhea say, and another hand made its way up her leg on Rhea’s side, displacing Katie’s hand between her legs.

“Besides, Mom already caught her naked. Last week!”

“What? Holy shit!”

Tia groaned, moving lightly against Rhea’s hand as her and Caitlyn continued to play with her body while Katie explained what had happened earlier. How Tia had gotten completely naked in the backyard, supposedly not caring if any of the neighbors saw her acting like a slut (not true not true! She wanted to answer, though she let her friend tell it the way she wanted). When she explained how Carol had come home unexpectedly Tia remembered the fear (and the excitement) and she felt herself press hard against their touches as she continued to be toyed with.

“God, and she’s still, you know, doing this? I would have just died and run home, never come back, that’s for sure”

“I know. I know. Sometimes I wonder...”

Tia heard Katie’s voice trail off and she opened her eyes again, seeing them all sort of looking at each other, silently communicating something she had obviously missed.

