Entry tags:

lady luck, spike/xander

Title: Lady Luck 
Part: 1 of 2 
Pairing: Spike/Xander
Rating: NC-17
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss
Summary: 

A/N: This fic is complete. Written for artemis_sparks for buffyexchange . Huge thanks to my fantastic beta, silk_labyrinth and to sentine , who made the amazing banner! 

Lady Luck (part 1 of 2) 

Several years post-series, Xander runs into Spike. Is their luck about to change? From the prompt “It’s just that I’ve been losing so long.”

Lady Luck

Part One

He hadn’t stayed long in Vegas. The horrible, fakey glitz had got to him, all the faux glamour and cheerful tawdriness grating against his nerves. How many fucking Cirques du Soleil did there need to be? So he’d headed north to Reno, where the sleaziness was more honest, and where good, clean mountains loomed nearby, and where he didn’t have that creepy feeling like someone was watching him.

Well, usually he didn’t have that creepy feeling. At the moment he felt very much like eyes were boring into the back of his skull, and he knew from the way the dealer was shifting his eyes toward the floorman, and the floorman was glancing up toward the ceiling, that someone had got himself a clue. And somewhere, the pit manager was staring intently at the suspicious customer through the security monitors.

Time to go.

Xander sighed slightly and scooped up his chips. He flipped a couple of them toward the dealer—who was only doing his job, after all—and stood, then lurched his way over to the cashier. He kept his eye on the garish carpet as he went, concentrating on ignoring the pain. He hated bringing his cane with him when he played; the eyepatch and the scars made him feel enough like a freak as it was.

The cashier was a grayish woman of indeterminate age who looked like she was sliding out of, or maybe into, a bad meth habit. She had that hard look to her eyes, and that thinness of the face. But she took his chips and, a moment later, shoved a pile of bills back through the slot. It was just a little over three thousand bucks, which would be enough to tide him over for a while, anyway.

He turned and headed toward the exit, still glaring at the carpet, debating with himself whether to grab a burger at the sports pub, or maybe just pick up a pizza and head back to his room. He almost made it out the door. But he was brought up short when a pair of legs planted themselves solidly in front of him. He took in the worn black boots and the tight black jeans, and then his head snapped upward.

He hadn’t expected to see that smirk again, that head of nuclear hair, that scarred eyebrow cocked questioningly at him.

“Going somewhere, Harris?”

Xander opened his mouth, shut it with a snap, then let it fall open again. He had a sudden certainty that his bum knee wasn’t going to hold him any longer. But before he could humiliate himself by collapsing to that stupid carpet, a pair of cold hands were gripping him just above the elbows, bracing him. “Steady, mate,” his confronter said.

“Spike?!” Xander finally managed to spit out. “What the fuck?”

Spike glanced around quickly. “Let’s…let’s go to my office, yeah?” He jerked his head toward the back of the big room, where Xander knew there was a set of doors.

“Your office?” Xander said, feeling as if he were at least three explanations behind.

Spike rolled his eyes. “A room with chairs and four walls and a door, where none of these wankers will be listening in.”

“Uh…okay,” Xander replied, because he couldn’t think of anything more brilliant.

Spike released Xander’s arms and began to stalk across the room with Xander in his wake. After a moment, though, he seemed to realize that Xander was struggling to keep up, and he slowed his pace considerably. “Looks like you’ve been through a bloody war,” he observed.

Feels like it, too

, Xander said to himself. Out loud, though, he said, “You’re the one who’s supposed to be dead. Deader.”

“I was. Didn’t fancy it.”

With that cryptic statement, Spike led him through the doors, down a short, nondescript hallway, and to a plain metal door. A plastic sign next to the door read “Pit Mgr.” Spike brought out a key and unlocked the door. The room inside smelled like decades’ worth of cigarette smoke. The walls were a beigish color that might once have been white, and the only thing that adorned them was a large, plain clock, of the type that had hung in the classrooms at Sunnydale High. There were two tall metal file cabinets, a pair of wooden chairs with seats of worn brown leather, and a large desk. The desk might originally have been expensive, but it now sported various dents and scrapes, and a small piece was broken off one corner. Three monitors were arrayed across it, and there was a buff-colored phone and an overflowing ashtray and a half-empty bottle of Jack Daniels.

Spike plopped himself down on the larger chair behind the desk and pulled a pair of glass tumblers from a drawer. He filled one with whiskey and was about to pour into the other when Xander put out a hand. “None for me,” he said, although he hadn’t wanted a drink this badly in a long time.

“Don’t like Jack?”

“Jack doesn’t like me. Or maybe he likes me too much.”

Spike looked at him for a long moment, shrugged, and put the extra glass away. Then he gestured at one of the empty chairs. Xander had to suppress a groan of relief when he sat.

They regarded each other silently for a while.

“You weren’t counting cards,” Spike said at last. “Don’t expect you’ve the brainpower for it anyway, unless you’re like that Rainman bloke.”

Xander ignored the jibe. “Maybe I’m just really lucky.”

Spike shook his head. “Nobody’s that lucky.”

“So what’re you gonna do? Send some goons to beat me up?”

“Looks as if the goons have been there already,” Spike said, waving his hand at Xander.

“No goons.” Xander pointed at his knee. “Water fairies. Who are way bigger and meaner than the name implies.” Then he pointed at the mark that bisected his left cheek. “Elptah demon. Talons. And the eye, you already knew about that one. There’s more, but we’d have to be much closer friends before you saw those.”

Spike took a slug of his drink. “Where are the rest of your lot?” He might have been trying for nonchalance, but didn't quite pull it off.

“Right now? I don’t know. Will called me from Costa Rica a couple weeks ago. But I think Buff’s somewhere in West Africa, and Giles and Dawn are in England.”

Now Spike looked slightly relieved, but Xander wasn’t certain why. Spike took another drink, draining the glass. As he refilled it, he asked, “Why aren’t you with any of them?”

Xander tapped his knee. “Can’t fight. Always did suck at research. So I retired.”

“To make a living cheating at cards.”

“Nothing left of the Watchers’ Council to pay me disability, and I can’t work construction anymore. Willow gave me a tiny little spell.”

There went Spike’s eyebrow again. “A spell?”

“I can...influence the cards a little bit. Not much. Enough to win at blackjack.”

Spike just looked at him, and that reminded Xander that the vampire was supposed to be ashes under Sunnydale, not sitting in an office in Reno and swilling whiskey and giving Xander the third degree. “Spike, what the hell?”

“Got resurrected in LA fought with the ponce nearly got dusted again tilting at his sodding windmills and finally told him to bugger off.” Spike said it all tonelessly and very fast, so that it took Xander a few seconds to catch up with his words.

“You what with who?”

Spike sighed and downed his second glass. “Rose again in Angel’s bloody office,” he said slowly, as if Xander was a very stupid child. “Fought there for a time. Won, just barely. Couldn’t stand the tosser any longer and I left.”

“To manage a casino.”

“’T’s something I can do at night. Pays for my home and my feed. I get to beat up someone now and then. Belligerent drunks. Blokes who cheat.”

Xander stood, his knee giving him a sharp protest. He dug in his pocket and pulled out his winnings, which he dumped on the desk. “Here. You want to beat me up, too? Go ahead. You wouldn’t be the first demon to take a swing at me. Tear my goddamn throat out if you want. I’m tired of caring.”

When Spike didn’t respond, Xander huffed angrily and turned and left, slamming the office door behind him. He more than halfway expected to feel those hands on him again, but this time he limped his way to the door without being stopped. When he got outside, he took a deep breath. The cool air felt cleansing.

His rathole of a motel was only a few blocks away, and he’d walked to the casino. He owned a car, a battered Toyota, but the transmission was iffy and gas was expensive and he wasn’t exactly insured, so he used it only when necessary. Now, though, he wished he’d driven, because by the time he made it to the Lady Luck Lodge, his leg could barely hold him. Inside his room, he collapsed backwards onto the orange and yellow comforter and let out a long, hissing breath, and realized he hadn’t had any dinner after all. Maybe that was just as well—he only had about fifty bucks left to his name and the room was only paid for two more nights. After that, he’d be out on his ass.

He guessed he could try another casino the next night, somewhere where security was not overseen by familiar not-dead-enough vampires.

He must have dozed off after a while, because he was startled awake by a knock on the door. He shook his head sleepily and wondered if it was the cops again. They’d stopped by twice, once in search of a drug dealer who used to have room 113, and once when they were vacating the entire motel because of a suicide in room 125. But he heard no sirens, and there were no red lights flashing outside the window. He moaned slightly and glanced at the bedside table. It was 4:38 a.m.

“What?” he shouted.

The only answer he received was what sounded like someone kicking the door. Hard. The cheap lock wouldn’t hold, so he might as well open up, he figured. With some difficulty, he made his way to his feet. This time he grabbed his cane, which he’d left leaning against one wall. It made a reasonable weapon, at least.

It was Spike at the door.

“How did you find me?” Xander demanded.

Spike smirked and tapped his nose.

“Okay, and that is not in any way gross,” Xander said. “Was it a slow night? You decided to kill me after all?”

“Wouldn’t be enough of a challenge.”

“Sorry to disappoint.”

“Aren’t you going to invite an old mate in?”

“We were never mates, Spike. Um, in any sense of the word. And no.”

Spike looked over Xander’s shoulder at the dingy room. “Don’t fancy me sullying your luxurious abode?”

“I’ve stayed in worse places,” Xander said truthfully.

“Like that awful basement.”

“Those who live in glass crypts shouldn’t throw stones.”

Spike gave him a look. “A glass crypt would be a horrible idea. Vamp would fry in a moment. Unless it was necrotinted, of course.” He reached in his pocket—and how did he still manage to have that duster, Xander wondered—and pulled out his lighter and a pack of Marlboros. Xander watched as he shook out a cigarette and lit it, blowing the smoke off to one side.

Xander felt achy and beyond exhausted. “Spike, what the hell do you want?”

Spike shoved the box and lighter back away, and his hand came out clutching a roll of bills. “Here,” he said, holding it out.

Xander stared at it. “What?”

“The money you won.”

“But I cheated.”

“The owners can spare a few thousand, berk.”

“I don’t want charity from you,” Xander said.

Did he imagine the look of hurt that flashed across the vampire’s face? “Consider it payment, then. Rent for the time I stayed in your cupboard. When I was a bit…barmy.”

Xander snorted. “More than a bit.” But he felt his resolve, or maybe his pride, wavering. He really could use the dough. He steeled himself. “You don’t owe me anything. You came out of my closet a long time ago.” Spike grinned, and Xander realized that last statement hadn’t quite emerged as intended.

“Just take it,” Spike said. He tried to push his hand forward, but it met with an invisible barrier at the doorway. Spike shrugged and let the bills drop. “Fine. Let your junkie neighbors have it then. Doesn’t matter to me.” And with a swirl of his duster, he was gone.

Xander stood at the open door for a long time, watching a pair of moths wheel and flutter under a lightbulb. Then he bent—awkwardly—and retrieved the money and went back inside.

***

He didn’t realize the error until the next afternoon. He’d slept almost until 1, and then he’d showered, trying to get himself clean without lingering too long on any of the ugly marks that were scattered across his body. If anyone had asked, he could have said exactly where each one had come from, could have described the particular creature and the particular fight in detail. Some people had photographic memory; he had perfect recollection for injuries.

Great.

Of course nobody ever asked, because nobody ever saw the scars that his clothing covered. And even if they had, he wouldn’t have told them the truth, which was that some of those marks—the little circular burns on his belly and bicep, the thin lines on his ass and shoulders, the fucking toothprints on one finger—hadn’t been put there by demons at all, but instead by monsters of the all-too-human variety, long before the supernatural creepy-crawlies had had their shot at him.

After he showered, he got dressed in his last remaining clean clothing—he had five sets of clothes, and it looked like he needed to hit the Laundromat today—and then his stomach reminded him that a meal was way overdue. A good steak, maybe. He hadn’t had one in a long time. There were a couple of decent places nearby. Or maybe he was in the mood for a seafood buffet. As he considered his options, he grabbed his wallet, intending to stash away the wad of bills Spike had given him. It sure wasn’t safe here in his room. But as he sorted through the pile, his breath caught. He re-counted, and then again.

Instead of $3000, Spike had given him exactly $10,000.

He should have noticed the mistake at the time, of course, but he’d been tired and more than a little distracted. Crap. Now what?

He decided that he’d think better on a full stomach. So an hour later, as he dug into his barbecued ribs at the place in Circus Circus, he made up his mind. Tonight he’d return the $7000 to Spike and then get out of town before Spike decided to take the rest back as well. Maybe Xander would cross back into California and hit a couple of the Indian casinos. Maybe he’d gather enough cash to support him for a few months, and he’d head all the way to the coast and spend some time as a beach bum.

He still had plenty of time to kill when his meal was finished. He always had time nowadays, and not much to fill it. Today he drove to the Laundromat—the nice one he’d found, quite a way from downtown, where there was a Jamba Juice a few doors down and significantly fewer drug dealers than in his neighborhood. He’d almost stopped caring about the way people stared at him when they thought he wasn’t looking, but hey, he was only half-blind, and the gawkers were a lot more obvious than they thought. Sometimes a kid would even be brave enough to ask him what happened, and he’d make stuff up. Iraq, he’d say. Car wreck. Farm equipment catastrophe. If he was in a pissy mood, he’d tell them the truth, and then they’d give him even warier stares before edging away.

But this day, nobody asked, and he drank his juice in peace. There was a Best Buy nearby, too, so he wandered there for a while, lusting over the huge TVs and wondering whether he should give in to Willow’s pleas and get a laptop one of these days. When his goddamn leg started complaining again, he went back to the Laundromat, sat, and watched his underwear tumble.

It was a Friday night and by 9:30 p.m., the casino was crowded, stuffed full of a busload of Chinese tourists and a bunch of retired people and a group of salesmen wearing bad suits and name-tags from a solar panel conference. Xander wound his way through the maze of card tables and noisy slot machines until he came to the set of doors at the back of the room. There he hesitated, unsure whether he should march right in. But he was spotted by one of the floormen, a skinny guy with crooked teeth and a tattoo on his right wrist, peeking out from under his shirt cuff.

“Sir, you can’t go in there. Employees only. The bathroom’s that way.” The man pointed off to one side.

“Yeah, I know. I need to talk to the pit manager. Uh….” It occurred to him that he didn’t know what name Spike was using. “Pale British guy, wears a lot of black.”

“Sir, if you have a concern, I’m sure I can help you.”

“No. No concern. I just need to talk to him, okay?”

The man looked at him skeptically, and Xander sighed. “Look, can you just tell him Xander Harris is here and wants to see him? Please?”

The man frowned, but then nodded. “Fine. But you stay here, right?”

“No problem.”

The man disappeared. When he came back a minute later, he looked surprised. He held the door open. “Boss says you can come in. It’s the third door—”

“Yeah, I know,” Xander said, shuffling past him. “Thanks.”

Spike’s door was slightly ajar. Xander knocked on it lightly. “Yeah, come in,” Spike called, and Xander complied.

Spike was at his desk again, a pile of papers stacked in front of him. He had a pen in his left hand and a lit cigarette in his right. He glanced up. “Come to nick some more dosh?”

“No.” Xander clomped to the desk and set a stack of greenbacks on it. “Came to return some.” Spike’s brows flew up. “You brought me too much,” Xander said. “I only won three grand.”

Spike tilted his head. “Let me get this straight. You’re only willing to keep the amount you gainfully stole yourself?”

Xander rubbed at his neck. It did sound pretty stupid, put like that. “I’m not greedy, okay? Three’s enough to tide me over for a while.”

“As long as you stay in shitholes like the Lady Luck and drive a crap car.”

“Yeah, I guess. When Willow gave me the spell, I promised I’d keep it small, keep a low profile. It’s not like I was used to living the high life anyway.”

Spike blew out a cloud of smoke. “Some friend. I’ll wager she’s not staying in the midst of meth labs.”

“Why do you care where I stay, Spike?”

Spike’s jaw worked and then he stubbed out his cigarette. “Don’t. Sleep in the middle of the freeway for all I care.”

Xander sighed. Why was it that just a few minutes in the vampire’s presence and he was exhausted and confused? “Whatever,” Xander said, turning to leave. “Have a nice unlife.”

“Oi!”

Xander stopped and turned. “Did you tell Buffy about me?” Spike asked.

“No. Not yet.”

“Don’t. Please.” And he looked honestly beseeching.

“Why not?” It hadn’t occurred to Xander until just then to wonder why Spike hadn’t contacted her himself. Okay, she might not be listed in the phone book, but she wouldn’t be that hard for a resourceful vamp to track down.

Spike’s eyes shifted to the side. “She’s moved on with her life, yeah? I couldn’t bear it if she…. It’s best to let things go.”

Shit, Xander thought. Spike’s afraid she’ll reject him again. In a softer voice than he’d intended, Xander said, “Okay. Mum’s the word.”

Spike nodded stiffly, and Xander made for the door again. But Spike was suddenly there, stuffing his hand into Xander’s back pocket, which made Xander squeal in an embarrassing way. Spike chuckled. “Take the money, berk.” Then he walked away, down the corridor and out into the casino, leaving Xander standing there.

***

He was too tired to leave town that night, and he didn’t really want to chance making it over the mountains in the wee hours in his shitty car. He could have moved to a better place for the night, though. The Silver Legacy and a few other hotels were very close. But he’d already paid for tonight at the Lady Luck, and some frugal part of him refused to waste forty bucks. Ten grand was more than he’d ever owned at once, but he wasn’t stupid enough to think it was a real fortune. “Tomorrow night, we’ll splurge on the luxury of a Holiday Inn Express,” he promised himself out loud. Then he undressed and climbed onto the too-soft mattress and watched cop shows until he fell asleep.

Once again, a pounding at the door woke him well before dawn. He was still half asleep as he almost fell out of bed, which meant he neglected to remember he was naked until it was too late and the door was open, and there was Spike gaping at him.

His first impulse was to just slam the door shut. But then that would be admitting he felt fairly mortified, so he pretended he wasn’t blushing and he stood tall. Spike looked him up and down, very slowly, and Xander waited for the vampire’s features to curl with disgust. Instead, though, Spike leered. “Kept yourself fit, Harris.”

Okay, so that wasn’t what Xander had expected. But to his consternation, he felt his face grow even redder. “What do you want?”

Spike didn’t stop grinning. “Your demon bint told me, you know—more than once—but I thought she was exaggerating. Apparently not.” He did that thing with his tongue and his teeth.

Could a human blush himself to death? Xander tried.

But then Spike frowned. “What happened to her? You two got together again shortly before I burned, didn’t you?”

It had been nearly eight years, so Xander’s breath was almost steady. “Yeah, sort of. And then she died. Right before you did, actually. Only more permanently.”

Spike actually flinched slightly. “Oh. Sorry. I didn’t know.”

The busty redhead who turned tricks two rooms down walked by, pausing only briefly to stare at Xander. Xander sighed. “Come in, Spike.”

A shadow of Spike’s smile returned and he entered the room. Xander shut the door behind him, then walked over to the bed and picked up the pair of jeans that were on the floor beside it and, with his usual difficulty, managed to get them on.

Spike watched like the whole thing was really entertaining. “That knee gets in the way,” he observed as Xander zipped up.

“Yeah. At least it’s still attached, though.”

“How long since you hurt it?”

Xander had to think about that. “About two years, I guess.”

“And it’s not mended any better?”

“Not a vampire, Spike. This is as mended as it’s gonna get. Doctor said I’m lucky to walk on it at all. But hey, that’s me. Lucky.” Talking about the damn thing only made it worse, and he sat heavily on the bed. Spike went through the routine of getting out a cigarette and lighter, but just before he lit up, he looked somewhat guiltily at Xander and stuffed it all away again.

“How about we go have a few pints?” Spike asked. “Regular bars are closed, but I know a demon place—”

“I don’t drink,” Xander interrupted. “Not anymore.”

“Why the bloody hell not?”

“Because I learned that instead of making my problems go away, it tended to make them worse.” And that hadn’t been an easy lesson, either. “Really, what do you want? I already told you I won’t say anything to Buffy, and I won’t use the spell in your casino anymore, and I don’t know what else you want from me.”

Spike actually looked down at his feet, looking absurdly like an abashed child. “You could tell me what you lot have been up to, I expect,” he almost whispered.

Ah, that was it. He wanted tales about Buffy. “Fine. But look, I don’t keep vamp hours, and I’m wiped. Could we do this tomorrow, maybe?”

“Tomorrow’s my day off.”

Xander couldn’t help but smile at the thought of a vampire having days off. I wonder if he gets paid holidays, he thought. Out loud, he said, “Great. We can meet somewhere.”

Spike nodded slowly and looked like he was going to leave. But then he paused. “See here, Xander. This place really is a pisshole. I’ve plenty of room. Come back with me.”

Xander squinted at him, uncertain. Had Spike ever called him by his first name before?

Spike smiled. “I have a swimming pool and a hot tub.”

That, Xander had to see. He pulled on his shirt and shoes and stuffed his few belongings in his ratty old suitcase. He picked up his cane. “That’s it?” Spike asked.

“All my worldly possessions.”

“No comic books? No dolls…ah, action figures? No collectors’ plates?”

Xander scowled at him. “Gone with Sunnydale. I’ve learned to travel light.”

Spike shrugged and they left the room. As they started for the parking lot, Xander struggling a little as always, Spike tried to take the suitcase. But Xander held on tight. “I’m not a complete cripple, Spike. I’ve dragged this thing all over the place all by my lonesome without any demonic assistance whatsoever.”

“Suit yourself.”

Spike’s car was a Studebaker, a streamlined two-seater from the ‘50s with, of course, shiny black paint. “Nice,” Xander said.

Spike patted the hood. “She’ll do.”

Xander threw his suitcase into his own ugly car and then climbed behind the wheel.

He followed Spike for so long that he was beginning to wonder whether the guy was playing some kind of elaborate joke on him. But finally, nearly twenty minutes south of downtown, Spike pulled off the highway and into one of the new subdivisions that sprawled up the hillside. They made their way near a strip mall with a grocery store, past a library and a grade school with a playground beside it, and down a few winding streets lined with beige stucco houses. Finally Spike turned into the driveway of a single-story home. The double garage door opened and Spike parked the Studebaker inside. He gestured to Xander, who piloted the Toyota in beside it. As Xander climbed out of the car, the garage door closed.

Spike bounded over and took the suitcase out of Xander’s trunk. “Come on, then,” he ordered. Xander followed him into the house.

It was a perfectly ordinary house. Pretty nice, actually. They’d entered near a great room with bamboo floors, which was adjacent to a spacious kitchen with maple cabinets and granite counters. The furniture was sparse but good quality, mainly big, solid pieces of oak and leather. There was a flat-screen television and an overflowing bookcase. Through the French doors, Xander could see the back yard, where a good-sized pool glowed with underwater lighting. Very heavy navy draperies hung from all the windows.

“This is your house?” Xander asked, slightly dazed.

“Of course. All I had to do was drain the original owners, and it was all mine.”

Xander shot Spike an alarmed look, and Spike rolled his eyes. “I bought it, berk. Got it when the market tanked. It was a short sale. I had some money from Peaches, after we beat the lawyers.”

Xander wasn’t exactly sure what Spike was talking about. “It’s nice,” he said lamely, but Spike actually beamed for a moment before picking up the suitcase again.

“I’ll show you your room so you don’t miss out on your beauty sleep,” Spike said.

Xander glanced curiously into the master bedroom as they passed, but it was unremarkable. Large and kind of nicely decorated and really tidy, as was the rest of the place. Xander tried and failed to imagine Spike dusting and pushing a vacuum. Did he have a maid service? Xander couldn’t suppress a slightly hysterical giggle, and Spike gave him an odd look.

The room Spike led Xander to was also pretty big. It contained a king-sized bed and a few other pieces of furniture, as well as its own TV, hanging on the wall. Spike gestured toward a closed door. “Loo’s there, with towels and whatnot. Hang on.” He opened another door, which granted access to a closet, and emerged with a set of folded sheets in dark maroon. “Fresh bedding,” he explained, dropping the pile on a chair near the bed. “I expect you can make the bed yourself. Leave the old bedding on the floor somewhere.”

“Why do you need a guest room, Spike?”

Spike glared at him. “Guests.” Then his expression softened a little. “Well, guest. Once in a while the pouf stops by.”

Xander blinked. “Angel comes a-visitin’?”

“He passes through. He travels about. You know, vanquishing evil, his cape all aflutter.”

“Oh.” Xander decided this piece of odd news was too much to deal with, and he set it aside for now. “So, uh, I think I’m gonna crash.”

“Yeah. I’ll likely still be asleep when you wake up. Feel free to use the pool.”

“I don’t have swim trunks,” Xander mumbled. He was feeling a little wigged out over host-Spike.

Spike leered again. “Don’t need ‘em. Neighbors can’t see in.”

Xander had a sudden mental image of Spike skinny-dipping in the moonlight. The fact that the image didn’t disturb him was…kind of disturbing. Okay. Brain obviously on overload.

“Sweet dreams,” Spike laughed, and then left the room.

part two