There was a slender tree on the riverbank.

An aspen, I think; though it is hard to tell for certain when the trembling leaves are gone. A little over a handspan broad, straight and tall, with pale, roughened bark and a stout branch forking off at just above shoulder height.

Just right for my purposes.

Aspens have deep roots, and their wood is strong. It bends, but it does not break.

My enemy. Mark of Cornwall. The man who had wounded me more deeply than I ever believed I could be wounded.

He lay at my horse's feet where he had fallen, crumpling soundlessly under my blow to the back of his head. His own frightened mount was fleeing, its hoofbeats swallowed up by the noise of the river. I slid to the ground and turned him over: still breathing. Good. But already his eyelids were beginning to flicker. Not good. I needed to work quickly. To be practical. Not to allow the rage and grief in my heart to overcome me. Not yet…

I pulled his boots off and began to drag him over the wet, tussocky grass towards the tree. No easy task. His limp bulk was a sodden, dead weight, and to move him was almost beyond my strength. But the tree was close, and I was angry and determined. I tugged, and kicked, and swore; and when that failed, I summoned the image of Kai, and the scar I see on his face and the deeper hurt I see in his eyes whenever I look at him, or touch him, and he has to turn away from me. Tears filled my own eyes and mingled with the rain, and I shouted aloud in fury, and Mark's body jerked across the last few yards and came to rest right where I wanted it.

At the bottom of the slender tree.

I took my dagger and cut the leather tunic from his back, ripped the linen shirt from beneath it, and fashioned a makeshift rope. It would have been easy, so wonderfully easy, to slip the dagger between his ribs; but death was too good for him. I wanted him to know my anger.

I wanted him to suffer at my hands, as we have suffered at his.

Somehow I hauled him to his feet, facing the trunk of the tree. He was beginning to mutter and twitch. He smelled of sweat, and horse, his skin slippery with the rain. I shrank from touching him more than was necessary. His eyes opened, unfocused; he struggled weakly. But he was no match for my anger. I tied his wrists together, one arm on each side of the forked branch, knotting the wet linen as tightly as I could. I pulled his sword from its sheath and flung it away, out of reach. Then I set my teeth and took my dagger again and cut through belt and breeches, ripping them away, exposing him to the wind and rain. And to me. I felt no pity for his shivering flesh. None. I had been waiting for this moment ever since I'd left the longhouse to come in pursuit of him. The moment when he would wake up, and see my face.

And know what I was about to do.

His eyes rolled and he twisted his head round, and knew me. Fury contorted his bearded face, followed by panic as he tugged at his bonds and realised his own naked helplessness. He thrashed and kicked and swore, spraying droplets of spittle and sweat, but to no avail. The tree bent and swayed, but held firm.

Very slowly, making sure he was watching me, I drew my sword and my dagger and placed them on the ground.

Then I unbuckled my belt, slipped it out of the scabbard loops, and ran it unhurriedly through my hands.

A long, leather belt, black, decorated with metal studs shaped like four-petalled flowers.

Beautiful metalwork, but a little sharp at some of the corners.

He went quite quiet then.

I wrapped one end of the belt around my hand, caressed its supple, heavy length, and swung its free end thoughtfully. It went whistling through the air to flick the top off a nearby dead thistle with a satisfying impact.

Crack.

'Arthur.' Mark's voice was pleading now. 'Don't do this.'
I believe I was smiling. 'Is there good reason why I should not?'
'I – I went away. Accepted my defeat. I left him alone, unharmed – left him for you –'
'You left NOTHING for me!' My own scream of anguish surprised me. 'You took from him what should have been mine by rights. Left him bleeding, and ashamed, and afraid. Afraid… even of me.'
'I did not violate him…' Already Mark was beginning to realise it was useless to argue. 'I did not…'
'You could hardly have done more harm to him if you had.' Tears choked me, and a red rage filled my soul.

'You made my Kai afraid, damn you. Afraid –'
Crack.
The leather whined through the air; its tip licked across his wet shoulders, leaving a jagged, red welt.

'And now –'
Crack. 
He twisted round as the second stroke fell, crying out as the sharp edge of a stud tore viciously across his ribs.

'– you are going to –'
Crack. 
A lower blow, at waist height, raising a spray of blood that stained the pale bark of the tree.

'– pay for that.'
Crack. 
Across the shoulders again, laying the skin open. Red rivers flowed down his pale back, spreading and mingling into a sheet of vivid colour across his buttocks, dripping down his helpless legs into the mud.

'I am going to make you –'
Crack. 
A flash of metal as the gleaming, deadly length slashed through the air to bite into my enemy's belly and humble his pride.

'afraid.'
Crack. The hardest blow of all, whipping into him with the full force of my rage and hate behind it, working the lash around his flank to rip away a piece of skin two fingers broad. He whimpered in terror; I think he truly believed I would kill him. And at that point I think I believed it too. He sagged limply against the tree. 
The sight of his bloody, naked flesh sickened me, but I could not turn away.

Those hands bruised my Kai's shoulders, that body crushed his, that mouth tore at him… I had seen the marks on my beloved's body, even though he tried to hide them from me. And I saw the ones on his soul, too. The ones nobody else can see.

The pain I had inflicted on Mark's body was not enough to satisfy me.

I wanted more.

I flung the limp belt aside into a clump of rushes, picked up my dagger from the trampled ground and gripped the hilt.

When my breathing grew steadier, I went to stand by my shivering enemy, clasped him by the chin and showed the weapon to him, keen and bright and cold.

'Don't move.' My voice was equally cold.

He whimpered. 'Please –'

'If you move, I will kill you.' I lifted the blade and caressed his face with it, pressing the flat of it to his cheekbone, sliding it down and into the corner of his mouth. 'I have something to give to you.' I moved behind him and leaned against his flayed back, pressing him against the tree, feeling him flinch and shudder despite himself.

'A gift from Arthur. Something to remember me by.'

And I jerked the dagger hilt, just a little, just enough to make the tip tear into the tender skin. He made a small, frightened sound, his eyes rolling to show the whites.

There was a lot of blood, more than I had expected. I drew back and wiped what I could from my face with the back of my free hand, keeping the dagger pressed against him.

Then I moved in close beside him and put one hand about his throat, feeling his rapid pulse under my fingers, gripping the windpipe to half-choke him. With my other hand I moved the dagger point to the back of his neck, just hard enough to let him feel it without breaking the skin, then trickled the deadly, cold metal delicately, almost lovingly, all the way down his spine, across the torn and bloody landscape of the wounds I had inflicted, sensing his utter terror and disgust along with his pain. I wanted him to feel what Kai had felt, and more: I wanted to know something on my own account of what had passed between them. To know just what it was that Kai was afraid of… My stomach heaved, but I forced myself to continue, sliding the smooth, chill blade into the valley between his buttocks, slippery with blood, and stopping just at the point of breaching him.

He whispered bitterly 'Animal…'

I hesitated then. Looked at my hand, and realised where it was, what I was about to do.

And I came to my senses at last.

I was appalled. This was not what the world expected of Arthur. This was not what Arthur expected of himself. I was behaving no better than Mark himself had done. If anything, my actions were worse, because premeditated; and after all, Mark had not committed that final act. And he had tried to leave Kai unharmed to return to me, or at any rate he had stopped short of killing him. My anger died, and was replaced by shame, and by a curious sympathy. That fear that my Kai must have felt, that same fear that I knew Mark was now feeling, was a wrong thing to inflict on on anybody for any reason.

Even for love.

I hesitated for a moment, then carefully withdrew the bloody dagger. My hand was unsteady and the wet hilt was slippery; it slid through my fingers to land on the grass. I stepped backwards to pick it up, but as I bent to do so, Mark gave a final, desperate tug at his bonds, and the wet fabric gave way.

A savage blow to my head sent me reeling, and as I stumbled towards my sword my enemy was upon me, roaring in fury, with my dagger now in his big hand. A flicker of movement, and I felt the blade cut deeply into my right arm, hot blood bathing my elbow and a fiery pain running up to my shoulder.

All thoughts of shame or remorse were driven out of my head; my sole purpose now was to reach my sword and defend my life. I ducked and feinted, pretended to stumble, let Mark's weight carry him past me; then I snatched up my weapon, ignoring the pain in my arm, and turned on him. He parried my first two blows; but the third was too fast even for him, and I caught the hilt of the dagger and flicked it out of his hand. It arced away out of reach. Undeterred, Mark picked up a knotted oak branch from the ground, and came at me with hatred in his eyes. His weapon was longer than mine, and heavier, if less accurate; and his anger was greater, if not his strength.

And my sword arm was failing me.

We circled each other, seeking a weakness.

I glanced up and thought I saw a horseman on the horizon, between the blowing curtains of rain. But at my next glance he was gone.

That brief distraction was all Mark needed; he lunged at me and with a vicious blow knocked my sword out of my hand. He swung at me and missed; I leapt in beneath his arm and grappled with him. Somehow I crushed his fingers and made him drop the branch. Then all was bloody sweat, and mud, and hot breath, and foul curses in my ears, and confusion; and next moment he gave a cry and we were falling, locked together, into the icy water of the river.

It was cold, so cold; and suddenly there was my enemy, at my mercy, waiting for me to destroy him.

And there was my beloved, waiting to see me do it.

But I could not.

My head was telling me that I should let Mark drown; he knew too much about me, he would be a risk to my reputation as a leader. And he could shame me in front of Kai or indeed in front of all my people if he so chose. But my heart told me that that would be no more than I deserved, for my treatment of him; and that although Kai might have wished Mark dead on his own account, he would not wish me to have that death on my own conscience. Had I thought before I went raging off in pursuit of his assailant, I would have remembered that he has never liked me to fight his battles for him. No, Kai might be screaming at me to save myself, but I knew that in his heart of hearts he would expect nothing less of Arthur than to do right by a fellow Celt, even such a one as Mark.
So in guilt and shame I gathered my strength and went to my enemy's rescue, and dragged him out of death's clutches in the nick of time, out of the icy water and onto the bank where Kai was waiting for me.

My Kai. My heart. I should have trusted him from the beginning. Keeping the truth from him was wrong. And staying here with him was yet another wrong, perhaps the worst of all the wrong things I have done today. But I could not bear to have him turn away from me in disgust, as perhaps he is going to very soon. And when he asked me to stay… I wanted him so much. I shut away my feelings, all my rage and shame and fear, and let my body take what he was offering, without even questioning it. I should have known he would see through me. He knows me so well. I am not surprised he took such revenge.
And now he is waiting patiently for me to tell the tale. My poor, beloved, suffering Kai. I can see the doubt in his eyes. How can I ever make him understand? But I have to try. I will need all my courage to force myself to admit the truth.

This will be the hardest battle that Arthur has ever fought.

My own voice sounds strange as I begin to speak.

'There was a slender tree on the riverbank…'