Cam isn't actually sure if Vala will call or not, and he tries to tell himself he's not waiting for it... but he checks at least three times to make sure his cell phone is on and not silenced over the course of the night.

It's almost midnight when he walks into his apartment, and he's all but given up on hearing from her.

*

Vala folds up her apron and lays it on the kitchen table, staring at her own phone. She actually feels nervous at the thought of calling someone… something she previously would have thought of as impossible.

Steeling her nerves, Vala moves forward and dials Cam's number before she loses heart, holding her breath when the phone begins to ring.

Cam has just collapsed into his bed, fresh from a shower and naked except for a pair of shorts. With the late hour is first thought is that it must be the base calling him back, and he almost doesn't even answer. Then he remembers Vala and rolls over, grabbing the phone. The number is unfamiliar, so he thumbs the call button and says, "This is Mitchell."

"Uh, Cam?" Vala asks. She bites her bottom lip and pulls the little hat down off of her head. "This is Vala. From the diner. You gave me your number earlier, remember?" She adds helpfully.

"Vala, hey," he says, his entire tone changing and warming. He relaxes back into bed, stretching out. "Yeah, of course I remember. You think I'm going around giving my phone number to every waitress I meet?"

"Well, I don't know. You might have a thing for waitresses in diners," Vala replies back, relaxing at the tone of his voice.

"Just one," he says, and waits a beat. "So how is Betty doing?"

"Oh, getting old. Getting cranky. Asks about you and wants to know why she can't be on the later shift to see you," Vala waves, flopping down into her own bed.

"Tell her I'll come by a little earlier this weekend, just to visit her. He listens to the sounds of old springs creaking, glancing at his clock. He has an eight am briefing, but he can survive on a little less sleep. If the SG-1 reports are any indication, he'll have to learn how to on a regular basis. This is a better reason to start than anything else he could think of. "Sounds like you're done for the night. Seemed pretty busy there tonight. He work you like that all the time?"

Vala is not one to speak badly about Sal. The man is nice enough and did give her more than she asked for when he could have handed her over to the cops.

"Not all the time. It doesn't usually get that busy on a week night."

That's not really what Cam was asking... "Well, what do you do when you're not serving up Colorado's best pancakes?"

Vala pauses because the answer of I fix my broken down cargo ship so I might actually be able to leave this rock seems a bit melodramatic. Even for her.

"Besides that?" He says. There's a pause and he wonders if she's actually trying to blow him off here… but why would she have even called? He's tired, he decides, and hearing things that aren't there. She called him. That means something.

"I don't... I don't really do anything," Vala finally answers, not sure what to say. She has a house full of documents and books she reads but they are ancient Egyptian mythology. She's trying to find out more about the Gou'ald and about Ba'al (he left treasure here on earth, she's sure of it).

But that answer seems so pathetic but Vala isn't really sure what to change it with. "I mean, just the usual things you know how it is. Work all the time and just feel like passing out at the end of the day, right?"

"Yeah," he agrees. "I guess I know how that feels. This new job of mine... it's already more than I'd been planning for."

A whole lot more. He rubs at an ache in his thigh, wondering if he's imagining it or not. Sometimes his mind plays tricks on him like that.

"Oh? Whats it doing? More paperwork piling on?" She asks, settling herself in the bed more comfortably and hitting the speaker phone.

"Paperwork..." He barks out a laugh, but he knows that's the most information he can spill. "Something like that. I can't get everyone on the same page long enough to get anything actually done."

"I'm sorry Cam," Vala admits quietly, actually feeling bad for him. She wouldn't really know what it was like to try and work inside a team, before Sal's, she basically worked for herself and it was going well. The only time she'd tried to do any sort of "group work" it had landed her on the Lucian Alliances shit list.

"Well, it's still my dream job," he says. "Just gotta keep reminding myself that. Nowhere else in the world I'd rather be than right here, doing what I'm doing, even if it is hard."

"... What are you doing?" Vala gives in and finally asks. She knows he's military, that he's in the air force and that he works at Cheyenne Mountain but other than that... She has no idea.

"Deep space radar telemetry," he says, the lie rolling easily off his tongue this time. "I like studying the stars."

"Deep space... radar telemetry...." Unlike most of the people Cam would run into, Vala actually knows what he's saying. "Interesting."

Cam would be shocked to know that Vala actually knows what that is, so he glosses past it. "It's not too interesting to talk about, but since I can't fly any more - not active duty, at least - it's where I want to be."

"Why can't you fly?" She asks, pulling a pillow close and curling around it. She wants to hear Cam talk to her, his voice soothing and relaxing and making her feel good.

He pulls back the covers of his bed, sliding under them. He doesn't realize that she's doing the same thing. "I crashed out about a year and a half ago. I was in the hospital for a while, had physical therapy for a year. They said I wouldn't walk again. Showed them."

She smiles at the story, happy to hear that Cam had shown them, had succeeded and been able to walk again. "I'm sorry to hear that. It must have been terrible, going down I mean," she murmurs, thinking about her own ship and the plummet down into the earth.

"I was in Antarctica." He says, a cold shiver running through him just remembering. "Stuck in the ice for about five hours before they could send someone for me. Five hours, freezing cold, hypothermia setting in, six broken bones."

He recites it like a list, not a sob story. It's just what he had to go through to get where he is.

Antarctica... Something about that is ringing a faint bell in the back of Vala's head but she can't place it just yet. She murmurs softly, suddenly wanting to get him some coffee and a huge blanket.

"I'm sorry to hear that Cam. But, am glad you're doing better... even if you can no longer fly."

"You ever been up in a plane?" He asks, trying to imagine her. She'd look awfully cute in a flight helmet.

"In an airplane? No," Vala says truthfully. There is a fine line between lying and being very specific with your truths and Vala has learned how to do it expertly.

"Bet you'd like it," he says, smiling drowsily. He shifts onto his side, dog tags falling against his bare chest. "Haven't ever felt anything like it."

The next best thing is stepping through the stargate, but he can't say that.

"Tell me what its like," she begs softly, just wanting to hear him describe it.

He's sure she has no clue what it does to him to hear her ask that. "It's a headrush, it gets your adrenaline going and you feel like you're never gonna stop. Up there, just you and the plane, if you know how it works - even if you know all the physics, it feels like magic. Like no one should be able to go that high, that fast."

"Sounds like really good sex," Vala laughs sleepily, saying without really thinking at all.

"It is," Cam says, grinning widely. "Like really, really good sex."

"Oooh," Vala responds, giggling slightly. "Definitely going to have to try this now then."

"Flying, or sex?" He grins. "Because I was about to say I'd have to take you up one weekend, but that sounds kind of forward of me now..."

Vala bites her lip, feeling warm and a bit giggly and like she wants to run around and laugh and hug her pillow closer at the same time.

"Not trying to be too forward Cam?" She asks, biting her lip and smiling to herself.

"Well, not yet," he laughs. "I usually like to try and work up to that."

"How long do you usually know a person before you take them up in your plane?" She asks, her voice laden with innuendo.

He pauses. "Usually... a few weeks at least... but you know, it's been a while since I've taken anyone up. The accident, the hospital... getting transferred... haven't really met anyone I even wanted to take up in a while."

"No one really caught your eye and made you want to start your plane's engine up?"

"Not until last week," Cam says, absently scratching his chest, thinking of when he'd walked in and laid eyes on her.

"Well thats good for you. Be able to take someone up in your plane again after a long time."

"Yeah... but do you think Betty even likes plans?" He teases.

Vala pauses for a moment and breaks into laughter. "Oh, I'm sure Betty would love to go up in your plane Cam, but I'm not sure if her heart could take it."

"Well, I guess if Betty's heart can't take it, I'll just have to see if you want to go up instead..." He says, and his breath catches a little while he waits for her to respond.

"I'd like that," she responds quietly. She isn't sure if Cam is asking her for sex or to actually go up in his plane with him but Vala finds that the answer is the same no matter which question it is.

He's really just asking for a date, and it doesn't occur to him that she might think he meant anything else. At heart, he's still a product of his upbringing, and he doesn't just proposition women on a regular basis. Hardly ever, really. He can't remember the last time he had a one night stand – just that it was years ago and involved a lot of alcohol. "I might have to go... out of town... tomorrow, might be gone a couple of days, but if I don't... when do you work? When can I come see you?"

"I ... work pretty much every day," Vala admits. She hasn't really had a need for a day off and so hasn't bothered taking one.

"Well, I'll just come by later then," Cam says. "I gotta collect that smile, remember?"

It's cheesy, but he can be a little cheesy once in a while.

She laughs again, feeling very sleepy but nodding before realising he can't see it. "Yes, I suppose you do. How long will you be gone?"

"Shouldn't be more than a couple of days... unless something goes wrong," he says, already a bit grumpy over the idea. It wouldn't be so bad if he had a team. He's sulking like a child over it, but during the day he pulls it together and does what he needs to do to get them back.

He hears her yawn and gives the clock another regretful look. "I better let you get on to sleep. Tell Betty I'll miss her, why don't you?"

Vala is sad to let Cam go, she'd rather stay and talk but she knows she needs to. Working another double shift at the diner.

"Alright, I will," she agrees smiling.

He waits another beat before moving his finger over the off button. His voice is low and softer when he says, "Goodnight, Vala."

*

The 'mission' goes a little more oddly than Cam expects, and he quickly decides that he might just need to get used to not knowing what to expect. Sword fighting with a holographic knight? Okay, well, he can check that one off his bucket list, at least. He's covered in bruises and more than a little freaked out over having almost lost Jackson to those stones, to fire, to everything else that probably almost killed him, but five days after hanging up the phone with Vala he gets in his car to go see her again.

Its been another long day at Sal's diner, the patrons either not coming at all or only coming in in huge waves. Vala is not happy with the way the day is going at all.

The diner is three-fourths of the way full, but most of the tables seem to already have their food. He doesn't see Vala, but Betty is happy to give him a menu and seat him.

"Don't worry, hon, she's here," Betty says, giving him a smirk. It makes him wonder what Vala's said about him.

Vala is out back playing hooky for the moment. She's hiding from an annoying customer and attempting to grab something to eat at the same time.

"She on break?" He asks, curious and trying to glance around to see if he can spot her. He wouldn't mind grabbing her alone for a minute... but he's not sure how to ask, or if he's even really allowed.

"She's round back hiding from the guy at table twelve, he hassles everyone," Betty rolls her eyes and continues on to the next table.

Cam glances down at the menu and then slides out of the booth. "I'll be right back. Uh, bathroom."

Betty clearly doesn't buy it, but she also doesn't seem to think he's dangerous because she lets him wander toward the back. He spots the exit door at the end of the hallway propped open with a big brick, and pushes through it. She's sitting on a picnic table with a plate of fries beside her and an apple in her hand and a glass of what looks like chocolate milk.

"Aiming for a well rounded meal, there?"

Vala raises an eyebrow at him. "Who let you into my secret back alleyway?" She asks, swallowing down her bit of apple.

"Betty," he says, because it's close enough to the truth. He walks over to her and grabs a fry off of her plate. "She said some guy was bothering you?"

Vala rolls her eyes. "Terry is just annoying. To everyone. I'm sure he annoyed his parents as well."

"Well, as long as he's just annoying," Cam says. He leans on the table that she's sitting on, wincing slightly when the edge hits one of the tender places that the fake sword slammed into.

Vala is quick and catches the look that passes over his face. She raises an eyebrow at him, her eyes looking him over. "Are you okay?"

"Fine," he says, waving the question off. "Got a little beat up... uh, they sent us to a pretty rough area for some... deep space monitoring."

"You had to do deep space monitoring in a rough area?" Vala asks, raising another eyebrow at him.

He gives her a sheepish look. "That's really all I can say. But, hey - got you something."

He digs in his pocket, pulling out a small golden coin.

"You got me somethi--" Her curiosity is piqued and her eyes widen when she see's the flash of gold. Taking the coin from his hand, she turns it over in hers, eyeing it.

"Cam this is a couple thousand years old. Where did you get this?"

He really did not expect her to actually be able to date the damn thing just by looking at it. That completely throws him off guard and he's not sure at all what to say. "Just a... souvenir."

He hadn't even meant to take it, but he'd been back on base changing into civvies and realizes that it must have gotten caught in his vest pocket. Sure, he probably should have taken it back to Jackson to be stored with the rest, but he'd been on his way to see Vala and... well, he thought she'd laugh, considering her jokes about smugging rings. He hadn't at all thought that she'd know it was genuine.

She smiles and palms the coin. "Can get a lot of money for something like this on the black market," she teases him, lightly.

He shrugs and smiles at her. "Sell it if you need to... it just made me think of you, so..."

She shakes her head and puts it in her apron pocket. "No, I'd rather hold on to it. Thank you Cam," she gives him a wide, genuine smile.

He'd have been okay with her selling it, but hearing she's gonna keep it... well, that makes him happy. "You're welcome."

He steals another fry.

She lets him get away with the fry stealing because he thought of her during his trip and brought her something. For that, he is allowed food stealing privileges.

"I better be getting back to the hoarde and all that," she sighs.

"Yeah, you got people to serve," he grins, taking another fry. "I'm starving."

She shoves at him lightly. "You're eating my food, you can't be hungry," she sasses back.

"I've had what, three fries?" He grabs her when she tries to shove, hands on her wrists lightly gripping. "I'd have to steal more than that to not be hungry anymore."

Vala stops in front of Cam, not pulling her hands back but waiting to see what he'll do. "Oh? And how much do you think you'd have to steal to not be hungry?"

He pulls her a little bit closer.

"I don't know," he glances down at the plate full of fries. "More than that. They're kinda cold, anyway."

"Well, what can I get for you then?" Vala asks, not really getting the innuendo here.

He lets her hands drop, rubbing a thumb over the pulse point on her wrist before breaking contact completely. His smile is happy though, and he looks right at her when he says, "I don't even care. You decide for me tonight."

Vala raises an eyebrow, getting a very evil grin on her face. "Oooh, very nice," she bounces and heads back inside.

He follows her back in, heading to the booth that he'd abandoned before. Betty gives him a knowing look and he ducks his head again, trying not to grin too obviously.