Catherine has hair like a river of black satin. Sometimes, when she and Sean make love, she caresses his bare skin with handfuls of the cool silky strands. Sean feels something swell inside his chest, pressing insistently at his breastbone, and he promises himself that he will never, ever leave her.

Catherine has velvet skin and sleek muscles. She twines her limbs tightly around Sean, and twists her fingers in the unruly waves of his hair. Sean’s body moves smoothly against hers, his spine arching and flexing as he exhales kisses on her eyes and cheeks and lips.

“Dw i'n dy garu di,” he says huskily. “Dw i'n dy garu di.”

When his moment comes, when he buries his face in the dark spill of her hair against her pale throat and shudders himself out into her, he calls her Catherine, always Catherine, never Cathie or Cath or Cate or Cat, though they’re all names she answers to from others.

Afterwards, lying tangled together in the narrow bed, Sean takes her hand in his. He circles the ball of his thumb over the line of calluses at the top of her palm, where the reins have rubbed her skin hard. He weaves their fingers together, turning their hands to consider the skin always split and healing and thickening on his own knuckles. He tightens his grip a little, as if to impress on them both the feeling of their hands clasped together.

Cut.

“What’s the matter?” Sean asks, emerging from the caravan, barefoot and in his shirtsleeves, to find Catherine holding her horse by the mane and scowling at the near foreleg.

“It feels like she’s off this foot when she canters, but there was nothing to see when I scraped the shoe out,” Catherine says.

Sean is half listening, but wholly watching Catherine. For her turn in the circus ring she wears a get-up that’d rightly get her stoned in the streets of Sheffield - a spangled corset and a bit of skirt that hardly hides her hips and makes Sean wild to get her alone. But to him, she’s every bit as inflammatory now, in her soft cotton shirt-waist and her dark riding skirt.

“Hop up there and take her around, ‘til I see how she looks from a way off,” Catherine goes on.

“Right so,” Sean shrugs.

He smoothes his palm down the animal’s bare back, then takes hold of a handful of coarse mane and swings himself up. He tilts to one side, his right heel just whispering against the animal’s dappled flank, and the horse obediently wheels and trots off across the scrubby grass of the fairground.

With another slight shift of his weight, Sean circles the horse around Catherine. Sean touches both heels to the mare’s sides, and she springs forward into a canter.

“Do you feel it?” Catherine calls.

“Aye, I do alright,” Sean answers, noting the faintest unevenness in the animal’s stride.

“Switch her off onto the other foot.”

Sean presses his knees into the mare’s ribs and drops his hand down on one side of her neck, and she does a little skip and switches from leading with her near to her off foreleg.

“It’s only when she leads on that side,” Sean says over the thrum of the horse’s hooves and the ruffle of air through his clothes.

He repeats the switch, his hand dropping to the other side of the horse’s neck. The mare changes feet again. Sean makes the same maneuver half a dozen times more, and sure enough her gait is smooth as silk when she’s on the off leg, and develops an odd little hitch when she’s on the near one.

“Is there anything to see?” Sean asks, looking at Catherine.

She’s watching him, not the horse’s hooves.

“Oh, there is alright,” she smiles.

“What’s that?” Sean grins in response, gathering the mare back to a trot and then a walk, and guiding her back to where Catherine’s standing.

“A town mouse, that rides a bit better than a sack of coal,” Catherine says, her dark eyes glittering with fond pride.

“I thought you said the sack of coal rode better.”

“That was weeks ago. You’ve improved. You know how to please her now.”

Sean swings his leg over the mare’s withers and slides off her back. He’s breathless and a little flushed from the exercise.

“I’m glad to hear it. What do yeh figure about the hoof?”

“I’ll let her rest for today.”

“So yeh’re goin’ teh ride that young bugger of a stallion instead? He doesn’t know half your tricks yet.”

Catherine moves in closer, so that Sean’s pinned between her and the mare’s side.

“He’s eager, and he learns fast,” she smiles.

Sean slips his arm around Catherine’s waist and hides his blush in her dark ringlets.

Cut.

“Dw i'n dy garu di,” he tells her, a dozen times a day. “Dw i'n dy garu di, Catherine.”

And for almost a year, it’s enough. Sean makes no promises to her, but despite the dimpling smiles of the girls who press eagerly around the ropes of the boxing ring, Sean hardly waits to wash the blood - some his, but mostly other men’s - off his face and hands before he goes back to the caravan he and Catherine share. He makes off-hand remarks about the third horse they’ll buy her next summer, or the new caravan they might get in a couple of years, or the bit of a house they’ll want when they’re too bloody old for this life.

And then, one night, he tells her, “dw i'n dy garu di,” and she answers:

“So ask me to marry you.”

Sean stares at her in undisguised dismay for a long moment before he’s able to summon a smile.

“Ah, what would I want to go an’ do that for? Aren’t we grand as we are? Marriage is for them that’s stuck in a row house and a factory job and a city they never see the outside of. We’re fairground folk; we’re tinkers and wanderers and outlaws. What the hell do we need their bit o’ paper and their say so for?”

She lets it go that time, smiling at him with her hot dark eyes, and taking him into her arms. But now when he comes back to the caravan after a bout, she acts as if she’s surprised to see him.

“There’s no need for you to run back here every time you’ve got a minute,” she says sweetly. “I don’t own you, you know.”

When he talks about the future, she listens and smiles, and when he’s done she shrugs it off and says, “well, we’ll see, if you’re still around then that’d be nice all right.”

They’ve done nothing about avoiding a baby, but nothing’s come of it either. Sean sometimes wonders if he’s uncommonly lucky, or if maybe there’s something wrong with him, that he didn't make Kate or Catherine pregnant for all the pleasure he's had from them. So it’s nothing short of a slap in the face when Catherine produces a handkerchief of whisper-thin tight-woven silk and asks him to use it to cover himself when he’s in her.

“I don’t want to just trust to luck anymore,” Catherine says coldly. “You have to understand, it mightn’t matter to you, but what am I going to do if I’m caught with a baby and you’re gone off to God knows where?”

“Don’t bother your head about it,” Sean snarls. “You needn’t worry about catching any baby from me. May God strike me bloody dead if I have you again.”

He slams out, and that day he fights like a fury and beats the man who beat the champion of all England, earning himself a purse of twenty golden guineas and a black eye. And when the girls with their bonnets and curls and glittering eyes crowd around him, he picks out the one with the fairest hair and lightest eyes. He offers to show her around the fairground attractions, and in the straw behind the lions’ cage he pushes her down and bundles up her skirts and fucks her until she cries out sharp and high and swears she’d throw her husband over for him in a second if he’d have her.

In the evening, he goes back to Catherine. She yells at him, spits at him, curses him to hell when she sees another woman’s claw-marks on his sun-tanned shoulders. Sean bites his lip and curls his fists into his armpits, and hangs his head. When she’s finally exhausted herself, he takes her in his arms and tells her:

“Dw i'n dy garu di.”

He caresses her, taking her clothes off with tender care and lavishing kisses on every inch of her skin. When he’s lying over her, about to enter her, he reaches for the silk handkerchief. It makes their lovemaking feel strange and distant, but he does it anyway.

There are other arguments, about everything and nothing, and there are other women. Summer turns to autumn, and autumn to winter. The carnival works its way east into England, and finally all the way to London for the Christmas festivities. Sean hasn’t fought a farm-boy or a brick-carrier for months; it’s all professionals like him now. The bouts are harder, but the prizes are bigger and the victories sweeter.

The first week in January, some gent with a silver-topped cane and perfumed whiskers offers Sean one hundred pounds if he can beat a bruiser twice his size. Sean wins the fight in six vicious rounds, and brings the money back to Catherine, spilling the ten crisp banknotes into her lap.

“Whatever you want, love, it’s yours,” he says, drunk on exhaustion and exaltation.

“A wedding ring.”

Sean steps back, wiping his hand across his mouth and then glancing at his fingers as if expecting to see blood there.

“I can’t,” he admits at last. “I’m already married. I have a wife, livin’ in Sheffield.”

Catherine stands, the hundred pounds fluttering to the floor.

“Then you’ve made me a whore,” she says coldly. “And I’ll thank you to take your trade elsewhere.”

Cut.

The weather turns unseasonably mild the following week, and the carnival moves on in the hopes of turning some business before the start of the yearly round of spring fairs. Sean remains in London alone.