Thursday

It was waiting for me, propped against the mirror, when I woke that morning. I hesitated before going to take the envelope in hand, and yet when I opened it it was to find a single sheet of paper, covered over with the combined code and cipher which Holmes and I employ for communications too delicate to entrust to paper in plain English. The note was brief, but it was clear to me from the tidiness of the hand-- very different from the looping scrawl Holmes employs when in a hurry-- that he had lingered over the words.

Watson,

I suggest that you begin your plans for the Sumatra tale. We are both aware that your confidence in my abilities is absolute, and that in the realm of the sensual it is entirely deserved. Surely you can imagine the extraordinary tortures to which I am capable of subjecting you in these coming days. You shall not for a single second, I assure you, my dear Watson, have me out of your head. I shall be there everywhere you turn and everywhere you look and in everything you do, until your need for me is the only thing you are, until I have broken you so completely that you come to me begging, on your knees. Would it not be better to make a conditional surrender now, when you may still keep some of your dignity, than be reduced to such a state of abject subjection as I shall most assuredly provoke? If you should be so wise as to seek me out now, ready to bestow that kiss or caress which shall mark your capitulation, I might even be so generous as to reward your good sense, in one or two of those many ways which you know very well that I can. Only recall those ecstasies to which I have brought you in the past, my Watson, and remember that spirit of self-betterment which drives me always. I feel I may have been getting a little out of practice, a little complacent, but, if you give yourself over to me now, I shall devote my entire attention to the problem of your desire, and endeavour with that same dedication to bring you to such a state of absolute pleasure as you have never before experienced. If not, however, that energy shall be directed towards your undoing. It's all one to me-- I shall enjoy it tremendously, either way. It is only to you, my dear Watson, that the distinction shall apply. What is it to be, John--agony or bliss?

Yours sincerely,

S.H.

It was not at all what I expected. It was, however, what I ought to have expected. The communion of souls which had passed between Holmes and myself the night before had been so intense that the mere recall of it was overwhelming, even this next morning. To Holmes, whose temperament is so much more reserved than mine, the memory might well be nearly terrifying, although not the cruelest of tortures could induce him to admit it. That he should revert into a less dangerous vein, and begin anew the teasing, and not entirely unpleasant, torments of our bet instead was entirely predictable, and to be honest, I was glad of it. I know full well that Holmes has taken me fully into his heart, as I have taken him into mine, but we cannot live forever at fever pitch, neither of us.

Besides, in this act of pulling-back, he had given me something entirely new. In despite of this long-established code of ours, Holmes had never in all the long years since the inception of our love-affair put a single word to paper which he would not have done when we were only friends. We used our secret method for business matters, or to confirm the authenticity of messages to each other, or for that singular variety of case-note which could spell ruin to a client if read by outside eyes. I had never had of him anything remotely resembling a love letter...and now I saw why. He could not, it seemed, overcome his reservations sufficiently to put to paper a single word which could actually be considered indecent. True, his letter had its own variety of allure, particularly as it was so very distinctly Holmes in every sense; those very qualities that made it atypical made it his, and I cannot claim that I was wholly unaffected. But it was far too combative and far too formal a missive to even approach the level of potency which good erotic writing ought to have. I found myself grinning with anticipation. Today's game, I felt, would be one I should thoroughly enjoy.

I dressed myself quickly, though with some care, and took myself down to the sitting room, where Holmes was already installed. He was ensconced in his usual armchair, with his usual collection of papers strewn in its usual disorder over, under and around him. I bid him a lighthearted good morning, and watched his eyes dart to the note which protruded casually from my jacket pocket.

"You've breakfasted already, then?" I asked, glancing at the mostly-empty teacup and crumb-strewn plate at his place at table.

"You scintillate this morning, Watson," Holmes said, and turned back to his Times. I fancy I caught a note of relief in his voice that I had chosen to focus on this morning, rather than last night.

"If only I could say the same for you, Holmes," I responded. I pulled the note from my pocket and waved it in his direction. "I cannot say I found it a very compelling piece of correspondence. Idle threats and vague promises? Really, I am quite disappointed."

He gave me a cool glance, and once again returned to his paper. "I am sorry to hear that it did not meet with your approval, doctor. If I break into sobs of distress at your cruel dismissal of my little literary attempt, would you come put your arm about me?"

"I might, but I suspect we should both of us prefer not to make a practical trial of the thing," I replied.

Holmes looked up at me once again, gave me the briefest little sliver of a smile. "Well, perhaps not," he admitted, and the conversation was permitted to drop.

I enjoyed a leisurely breakfast-- Mrs. Hudson's excellent fare deserves to be given proper attention whenever possible--and then wandered over to my writing desk and settled in. I did not turn to look at Holmes, but I could tell that he was watching me. Slowly and with deliberation, I withdrew a few sheets of paper, my pen and inkwell from their drawers, wriggled myself into comfort, and began to write.

My dear Holmes,

It was tremendously, uncharacteristically foolish of you, to extend our little game into the realm of words on paper. Even when you are at your most uncomplimentary, your favourite indictment of my published works is "romantic." Do you really suppose that you will manage to win a contest with me here, in my own particular domain? In almost any other arena I am willing to concede your superior skill. But I, my Holmes, am a writer, down to the core of me, and here you are at my mercy.

Perhaps that is why you did it; perhaps you wish to be helpless just for a moment, just every now and then. In the physical realm I shall never be truly able to wrest your control away from you, never trap you into feeling powerless. On paper, however, I have you captive, to be subjected at my whim to any of a million sweet indignities. You are mine here, Holmes, even more surely than when my body is bent over yours and my cock is inside you. If I want to feel that kind warm mouth of yours, bobbing away on me with undignified eagerness, I need only twitch my fingers. If I wish to see you, splayed on your sheets, naked and writhing and sweat-slick and dark-eyed with lust, it takes only a few drops of ink to achieve it. If I wish to hear that particular moan, the one straight from the soul of you, which only passes your lips in the moment when you breach me, or my own name, a single trembling syllable, shouted in concupiscent abandon, my words can make it so. And that, of course, is only in the realm of memory. With a little imagination, how very much more can my letters achieve!

For there are things which I can make so here which could never be in the realm of mere flesh. On paper I can multiply myself over and over again, until I possess a hundred eager hands for tearing at your clothing and stroking your skin, and then abandon them at once for an equal crowd of mouths. The sensation would be nearly enough to drive you mad, I should imagine: every digit, every vertebra, your ears, your neck, your thighs, your hips, your sac, your prick, all enveloped at once in the dark wet heat of my mouth, and one pair of lips still left to sweetly caress yours, to remind you that it is I and only I who am subjecting you to such unendurable, unparallelled bliss. Then again, perhaps so many of me would be a waste. After all, we could accomplish so very much with only two: one to take, and one to be taken. Would you like that, my dear Holmes, to be both subject and object of my passion all at once? In life it can never be so, and yet in words I can make you feel it, bring to you in a few syllables the extravagant sensation of me around you and within you at once. Take a moment and truly imagine it, the fullness and the tightness and the overwhelming, incomparable pleasure that such an act should bring. If that thought is not enough to make you ache for me, I cannot imagine what would.

Though this little exercise of ours is grounded firmly in the carnal, the trait which you would call my rampageous sentimentalism prompts me to point out--to my own detriment, no doubt, but one must obey one's nature--that there are other impossible pleasures, of a less strictly physical variety, which I can indulge only on the page. Here we may walk through the park not only arm in arm but hand in hand; here, I may look at you before others with the same affection in my eyes which I must usually reserve for our time alone; here, I may shout to the world, if I wish it, that Sherlock Holmes is mine, and I am his, and, let the fates rage and tear as they like, so shall it always be. And here, where you cannot grow cold and shy away, I may tell you truly that there is no corner of myself that does not love you, just as profoundly and as deeply as any petty human creature can. I love you, Holmes, and love you, and love you, and love you, and I know that, however much you may scorn the words, you would not for any price have me feel other than I do. It is not one pair in a million who find what we have found in each other, and, no matter what the world says of men of our stripe, I am struck dumb daily by the immensity of my good fortune-- of our good fortune. No matter how much a creature of language I may be, I run here into the outermost limit of what I can express in words. But come to me, my Holmes, and let me show you, with my hands and my lips and my body, that I mean what I say. 

My dearest Holmes, I want you so much in this moment, want you so much at every moment. I endure it only with knowing that your desire for me is just as great and just as single-minded. Are you aware what it does to me, knowing how quickly I could have you moaning for me? With even a simple look--the very one I just shot in your direction, so that, when you read this, you will remember it--I know that I can set your pulse to pounding, just as it is now. I know from the slope of your shoulders, the slow sliding of your eyes, the tense arching of the feet you have left bare as a temptation, that you are waiting for me, in every sense of the word. But I have no intention of surrendering to you, Holmes, nor even of walking over to give you this letter. I shall leave it here, where it sits, on my desk, and take myself off on some flimsy pretense, and the moment I am gone you will rush over to read it. Might I be permitted to suggest that, having read so far, you come join me in my bed? At the cost of one simple first touch, you may have of me anything and everything you might desire. I need not be so immodest as to sing my own praises; you know very well just how much I have to give. Only come upstairs to me, my dear Holmes, and I can make you forget you ever had pride to lose, forget that anyone or anything else in the world exists, except our two bodies. Whatever you can think to ask, whatever you can imagine wishing for, I can provide it, if only you come to me now...

Yours, in every way,

J.W.

It was incredibly difficult to do as I had written, and leave him then. I should have given so very much to have seen his face as he read it, but I was sure that, had I been there, he would have found a way to suppress his reactions. With me out of the way, he should be able to feel the full effect of my words--would, I hoped, be unable to avoid feeling it. Simply writing the thing had left me decidedly unsteady myself, and, though I could not quite feel the supreme confidence I professed in the opening paragraphs of that communique, I thought I knew my Holmes well enough to predict that his reaction ought to be quite significantly on the positive side. I was sure that, had he written such a missive to me, I should have found it nearly impossible to resist the urge to seek him out.

When an hour passed away, however, and he had still not come up to my room to seek me, I had to admit that my letter had, apparently, enjoyed no great success. The hall clock chimed twelve-thirty, our customary luncheon hour, and I was forced to give up waiting for him and make my way back downstairs in search of sustenance. Mrs. Hudson was there when I arrived, ladling out bowls of her vegetable soup, and attempting to persuade Holmes--who sat at his chemical table--to come and eat. It took me a moment to realize that he was not in the midst of an experiment, but was, in fact, writing. Why he had chosen to take the trouble to clear a space for his page among the rabble of retorts and Bunsen burners that littered that surface when both his desk and mine sat open and unoccupied I hadn't a notion, but I knew Holmes's little eccentricities far too well to be concerned by such behavior. Indeed, I should hardly have batted an eyelash to find him writing beneath his chemical table, much less at it.

"You should only be wasting food, Mrs. Hudson, and the water necessary to clean my untouched dish, as I have no intention whatever of lunching today," Holmes said, his nose still buried in his writing. "I should be obliged if you would cease troubling me and take the soup away."

"Not all the soup, Mrs. Hudson," I put in, resting a hand consolingly on her arm. "One of us, at least, is prepared to thoroughly enjoy this fine meal."

"Thank you, Dr. Watson," she said fondly, though her gaze, which bespoke more worry than annoyance, rested on Holmes. "Mr. Holmes, I thought that you were without a case, just at present? Surely you cannot be so very busy."

He looked up, then. His aspect was harried. I could not help grinning as I noticed the tracks where he had dragged his fingers through his hair, and realized that my letter must, indeed, have had some effect. I had noticed the moment I walked in the room that he had read it, for it had disappeared from my desk, but this was my first confirmation that he had felt the impact of the words.

"I have other calls on my time than cases," Holmes said, in a voice that aimed for acerbity but which, to the careful listener, conveyed only strain. "This is a particularly...crucial piece of correspondence, and I have been distracted enough already." At this he returned to his scribbling, his manner indicating only too clearly that he had no intention of paying any more heed to either of us until it suited him to do so.

Mrs. Hudson knows well enough--nearly as well as I do--when it is best to cut one's losses with Holmes and simply allow him to have his own way. She sighed, shot me a commiseratory glance, and bustled off.

Though my first instinct was to hurry to Holmes's side in hopes that my proximity would finish the job that my words had begun, I resisted it as long as I could on the theory that, the more time I spent in the room with him before approaching, the more tightly-wound he would be when finally I did make my move. I forced myself to eat my soup quietly and calmly, though I confess I may have hurried a bit. Only once I had emptied my bowl, finished my bread, and brushed the crumbs from my jacket did I permit myself to wander over, plant my hands on the back of his chair, and lean over his shoulder.

"I don't suppose that that letter might happen to be for me, Holmes?" I asked. I did not go so far as to speak it directly into his ear, but my face was near enough that I saw the hairs of his neck stand up as my breath tickled them.

"You know very well that it is, Watson," he said. "But it is not nearly finished, and I should be obliged if you should cease distracting me and permit me to write."

"I'm not sure that would be to my advantage," I murmured, pressing myself against the back of his chair, that he might feel my presence in a literal sense despite the fact that we were still not touching.

He closed his eyes--no more than an elongated blink, but long enough for me to rejoice in it, and then said, "You suppose that annoying me will further your cause? I cannot say that it seems a very promising strategy, but I defer to your judgement on the matter."

"I should not call your manner just now 'annoyed,'" I said, and this time I did turn so his ear was in the path of my lips. "But I defer to your judgement on the matter," I quoted back teasingly.

He gave another of those overgrown blinks. Then, in a split second, he transformed himself, encasing himself in ice with a proficiency born of long years of practice. "I assure you, Watson, that, if annoyance is an inaccurate term, it is only so by virtue of understatement. I cannot imagine that you should be pleased if I took to the practice of hovering over your shoulder while you engage in your little fabulations, and therefore I do not do so. I should be gratified if you would extend me the same courtesy."

I was too well satisfied with his obvious discomfiture to be hurt by his coldness. "As you like, Holmes," I replied, straightening up. "I have one or two errands to attend to. Is there anything I can get for you while I'm out?"

"The slipper is almost empty, if you would be so good."

"Why don't you come with me?" I coaxed. "A bit of a walk could be quite pleasant. Through the Park, if you like."

"It is going to rain, Watson," he said, without looking up from his paper.

I looked out the window. The sky did indeed have a somewhat stormy cast about it. "Very well, then. Enjoy your writing."

From sheer habit, I bent down to kiss him. My lips were within an inch of his cheek when it occurred to me what I was doing. I froze. He turned his head--knowing, of course, exactly what I had intended--and smiled at me, tight-lipped but with genuine amusement. I expected a teasing comment, but instead he allowed his smile to slowly fade as he simply looked at me. It was one of the rare moments when he allowed his affection to show plainly on his face, and I had no desire either to move or to look away.

"Holmes," I said, "I don't suppose that, if we both agreed to kiss each other, we could simply forget about it afterwards and go on as though nothing had happened?"

"I do not think that would be quite in the spirit of the thing, Watson."

"No. I suppose not." I lingered for a moment more, very seriously considering abandoning the whole project; with him looking at me like that, the desire to kiss him was almost irresistible. But I summoned my last shreds of self-restraint, and headed for the door.

I hurried through my early errands, hoping to make it home before the rain. I had my tin of boot polish and Holmes's pouch of tobacco in my hands and had just ducked into the bookshop, intending to snatch up a copy of Mr. Wells's new novel--an odd little book about fantastical human beasts that Thurston had recommended to me the last time we met at the club--when the sky opened and it began positively to pour. If I attempted to walk the dozen blocks back to Baker Street under those conditions, my leg wouldn't forgive me for a week, and, at any rate, the bookshop was a pleasant enough place to be stranded. So I settled into one of the armchairs Mr. Climpson had scattered throughout the place for use by his customers, and spent an hour or two with my novel. Dusk had just begun to darken the grey of the sky when I judged that the rain had abated sufficiently and ventured out into what was now merely an unpleasant sort of drizzle.

I was damp but not drenched when I finally found myself back in the sitting room, staring once again at a meal which Holmes would not touch and at the man himself. He was exactly where I had left him but surrounded now by a corona of crumpled papers that marked discarded drafts. I considered attempting to purloin one, to get a glimpse of what he had been writing all this time, but I happened to notice that, sometime while I was out, he had retrieved his bow and laid it beside him on the chemical table. He had clearly not been playing--his violin lay on the windowsill, on the other side of the room. I understood precisely what that bow was for. If he could not use his hands to brush me away from his abandoned attempts, he should prod me away instead. I laughed softly to myself and decided not to chance it. Either I would learn soon enough what he was writing, or else he would give up entirely, in which case I should be the victor of this day's skirmish by default. It was not worth risking a rap on the knuckles (if he was feeling kindly) or the head (if, as was more likely, he was not) to satisfy my curiosity.

I passed a very dull evening. I knew very well that I should not be able to coax Holmes into conversation until he had finished, which he showed no signs of doing any time soon. Twice after I returned he gave the sheet he was writing a scowl and flung it off of his table, beginning afresh. It was nearly nine o'clock before he began on the draft which seemed finally to please him. I had retreated to my own desk in the meanwhile, feeling myself well warmed-up by my little writing exercise that morning, and made some hundreds of words of progress on the Baskerville tale, which was still in its early stages. Having finished my account of our first meeting with Sir Henry, however, I wearied of writing.

"Holmes..." I began, but he made an impatient noise and waved a hand at me. I sighed, walked to the mantel to retrieve and light my pipe, and settled into my armchair with the newest copy of the British Medical Journal. The editorial on cycling and its effects on health was not uninteresting, but it led my mind to wander. What had become of Miss Violet Smith, our solitary cyclist? Was she Mrs. Violet Morton now, I wondered--or, perhaps, Mrs. Violet Carruthers? If I was any judge of these things, the attraction between Miss Smith and her employer had not been entirely on his side, though the poor child would never have willingly broken the heart of her electrician fiancée. Bob Carruthers' morals may at times have been questionable, but, as a whole, he was a goodhearted man. I sincerely hoped that it had all come round right in the end...

"Watson," said a soft voice in my ear. I nearly leaped from my chair in surprise. It took me a moment to realize that I must have dozed off. I took a few deep breaths, attempting to quiet the raging pulse that always comes of being woken unexpectedly, particularly when one has not been asleep for more than an hour or two. I heard the soft huffing of air beside me as Holmes chuckled in his silent way. "I suspect you'd be much more comfortable in your bed, old fellow."

"I'd be much more comfortable in your bed."

"For the small price of a kiss..."

"Oh, hush," I yawned. "What time is it?"

"Twelve thirty-four," he replied.

"As late as that?" I asked, standing and stretching. "Have you been writing all this time?"

"Yes," he answered, "but I've just finished. A bit of bedtime reading for you, my dear Watson." He pressed the letter into my hand, and then leaned forward, his eyes closing. I was becoming quite accustomed to our goodnight not-kisses and, while they would never replace the real thing, there was something quite pleasant in that moment of deliberate, affectionate nearness.

"Good-night, Holmes," I murmured, getting in before him for once, and I could hear his smile as he added his "Good-night, Watson." As always, he was the one to disappear, leaving me alone in the sitting room. I made my way upstairs, too tired to hurry, but by no means so fatigued as to set his letter aside for the morning. I changed into my nightclothes as rapidly as I could manage, settled into bed, and began to read.

My Watson,

I see now that you were justified in your criticism this morning. I have neither written nor received an epistle of this peculiar variety before, and you will not, I believe, think less of me, that it required a certain degree of practice, and a worthy example before me, to get a feel for the thing. I shall not trouble myself to deny that yours was a very fine specimen of writing and that I very nearly did as you bid me. It was, I think, only the feeling of how much your letter was superior to mine that stopped me rushing up the stairs to sod you senseless. I am a competitive creature, as you know, and, while it does not hurt my pride to be defeated by a worthy opponent, I knew myself on this occasion to have been so thoroughly defeated that I should have felt myself to be surrendering twice-- once to your charms, and then again your abilities. The former I might have accepted, but the latter is too much for the side of my nature which you should, in those rare moments when I have treated you so callously for so long that you are finally driven to some small degree of incivility, call my arrogance. I freely admit that you are an altogether handsome, charming and desirable devil; to succumb every now and then to the lure of the flesh when I have such enticements before me is, at least, comprehensible. But to admit myself to have been out-planned, out-schemed, and, in short, out-thought is a nearly impossible proposition for me. Thus have I come once more to take up my pen, in hopes that my next attempt may do something to soothe my wounded pride--and to stir in you that same desire which still hums through me in the wake of your letter.

I have never told you, I think, what it is I dreamed of--in the most literal sense--during the years of your marriage. There were too many other things to say, when we were reunited two Aprils ago, and I had no desire to stir up unhappy memories. These particular dreams I should not precisely have called unhappy, you understand, but neither could they have occurred had things not been permitted to go so wrong between us. Now, however, that we have had time enough to assure ourselves and each other beyond any doubt that no such crisis shall ever part us again, I feel that the time has come to share them.

I am aware that the relation of dreams is often considered a self-indulgent practice, but this one, I think, will not fail to hold your interest. It recurred to me two or three times a week during those years, sometimes even more often, until I was haunted with it, sick to death of waking up covered in sweat, my hips thrusting fiercely and futilely against my mattress. After a time the images would not leave me even during the day, making me ache to enact them in life. I should never have done so--I know that you could not love me, my dear Watson, so much, loved you not honor more--but my own temptation was so great that I burned with the selfish desire to inflict it upon you.

My dream began with me sending for you, my telegram worded just-so. The missive I sent should have appeared a benign summons to any other pair of eyes, but, to you, it would inevitably convey the full extent of my intentions, so that, by obeying it, you should already be giving in to my desires. I dreamed of you walking through the door, of my hands and my mouth descending instantly upon you, my need so ravenous that you scarcely had time to lock the door behind you before I had you trembling and gasping within my embrace. I dreamed of your protestations, your insistence that we ought not to do this, though not for a moment did you ever resist my touch, and not once did you ever demand that I stop. Even in sleep I could not forget how that act should have torn at your conscience, but my hands never wavered as I pulled you to me. Always, I held you just the same way--my front to your back and my arms wrapping about you, agonizingly near. I dreamed of palming at your trousers, finding you already hard and waiting for me. I stroked you and caressed you through your clothes, feeling you swell still further as my able fingers worked their torment. I dreamed of how I would grind myself against the pliant curve of your buttocks, convincing you in the most undeniable fashion of just how much I needed you, and how you would continue to insist that we must not give in to desire. I listened as your protests grew feebler and feebler and more and more breathless, as your lust drove you ever further out of control, until finally, when you could do nothing more than moan in my embrace, I placed my lips to your ear as my hands continued to pull at your prick and my hips to push into yours.

"Say yes, John," I murmured, the same murmur every night. "Give in to me. Tell me I may have you. Say yes."

At first, you would shake your head, though allowing it at the same time to loll back onto my shoulder. "You know that you want this as much as I, that you have been longing for it day and night, as I have. You know that you wake with your mind full of me, terrified that, in those unguarded moments between sleep and wakefulness, my name shall pass your lips. You think of me in the mornings, at noon, in the afternoon, in the evening, at night. Even when your wife is in your arms, it is my body you wish for, I you wish to bed. In your own head, you surrender to me a million times a day. You are already mine, John, in every sense. Now, say it for me. Say yes."

I dreamed of how your breath would catch, how your cock would twitch beneath my fingers, how you would push back involuntarily against me, how your hands would search desperately for some anchor only to grasp futilely at empty air. Even so, you refused to do as I asked and urge me on. By then, I was so mad with need myself as to have no will to spare to slow my hips, and found myself rutting against you with inelegant urgency.

"Say yes," a plea this time. "My God, Watson! Say yes; let me fuck you. You need this as badly as I do. John, please, say yes! Say it, say it, John, my John, say it, say yes.." 

When finally you could stand it no longer and that syllable was torn from your throat, the reluctant yet passionate "Yes!" I had been longing to hear, it was never more than a second before I had your trousers about your ankles and my own pulled open. One of my hands wrapped around your naked cock, and the other guided me inside you, both of us gaining at last the sensations we craved. It was all so frantic and bright-hot that it was barely more than a minute of wild hard thrusts before I felt you tense in my arms and spurt hot and wet over my fingers, unable to stop yourself screaming out my name, and my whole world narrowed down to the incredible sweet tightness of you around me...

Occasionally, my mind and body took pity on me and allowed me my own release at the height of these dreams. More often, however, I awoke, and was left just as you are now, gasping and struggling and cursing, bringing myself with a few pumps of my fist to a climax which was only a pale fraction of what it ought to have been. I had no other option then, my dear Watson, but you have now. I lie in my bed only a few feet below you, and I am waiting, willing, all yours. Why should you resort to clumsy and ineffectual remedies when the object of your desires is so very near? Come here, my Watson, and give yourself to me. Let me give you the release which, I know very well, you are at this moment craving more than breath. Come to me now, John. Say yes.

Yours, and yours only,

S.H.

I should, in all likelihood, have obeyed him, had I not found it quite necessary, if I were to survive to the end of the letter, to bring myself off as I read. It was with no very kindly feelings that I read these last lines. As appallingly unfair propositions go, having a genius for a lover is quite possibly the unfairest one of all.

On the other hand, I thought, glancing back over his letter and looking forward with palpable eagerness to Sunday at 12:01 PM, loving Sherlock Holmes does have its rewards.