The story I write below happened during the initial years of our marriage.i am of age 34 medium in colour 5.8"
. I was alone for nearly a year till my wife returned with her younger sister Teena also came with her. The reason was that Teena had finished her graduation and my wife had persuaded her to come to Delhi so that she would be of help to my wife. Alongside, Teena can also find a job here. This idea was supported by my in-laws and myself.
To be frank, I liked my sis-in-law. She was a very sexy girl with boobs bigger that my wife's. I have always wondered whether she would agree for a fuck. But I never asked her. After coming here, she took over the household work like cooking, washing, cleaning etc. as my wife remained busy most of the time with the new-born baby.
I and my wife slept in our bedroom and in the other room, Teena slept. I used to make love to my wife after the baby had slept.
My wife and her sister Teena, are very close since they had grown up together (there were the only children to their parents). There was no secret between them and Teena had learnt everything about what we did in the bedroom at night. My wife had also shown her the sex books we keep under the bed.
One day, my wife told me that her sis wants to see our love-making. Boy, this was something interesting. I immediately agreed and that night, Teena was there sitting on our bed while I and my wife engaged ourselves in the sex act. Thereafter, Teena slept in our bed by the side of my wife. She continued to sleep in our bed and sometimes, both the sisters engaged themselves in kissing and fondling each other. I watched it with interest and it was a real turn on for me. I longed to see Teena's youthful body.
One day I told my wife that her sister has got such a sexy body that I could not help fantasizing about her while masturbating in the toilet. My wife said that she too gets turned on by the size of her sister's boobs. She also said that her sister, after seeing our love-makings, is very much interested to have some sexual experience. She had requested my wife to permit her to enjoy sex with me. My wife did not tell me because she was afraid how I would react. Now the things have become clear, I told my wife that I would give enough pleasure to her sister but would not `spoil' her with intercourse so that she would remain a virgin.
That night, the three of us were on the bed, my wife was in the middle, Teena and me on her sides . All of us were tense. Teena knew that I would do `something' to her. My wife was worried how it would go. She was more concerned about her sister's virginity because once I get the heat, I never stop and she was afraid that I may screw her sister. I was also a little bit uneasy because something unbelievable is going to happen. I am offered a new, fresh, young and willing girl on the bed. At the same time, I have to do everything in front of my wife who has the remote control.
Finally, I started it all saying that I would like to see the big `mountain peaks' ofTeena. Teena simply giggled. I moved over my wife and remained over her. I unbuttoned and opened Teena's blouse. Putting my hand under her, I located the bra-hook and released them. Her luscious boobs were exposed to my full view (the light was on). Like a hungry dog, I started sucking her nipples. For more convenience, I moved over Teena and played with her breasts.
Slowly I started removing her sari and inner skirt. Teena lay there with only her panty. I kissed her everywhere. I hugged her, kissed her and fondled her. I went down and kissed her belly. All of a sudden I pulled away her panty. Teena showed some concern and tried to stop the panty being taken away. I told her not to worry and enjoy everything. My wife also reassured her telling about the oral delight. I licked Teena's clitoris which made her go to seventh heaven.
After this my wife stopped me and asked me to make love to her.
Though I continued to get Teena in bed, true to my word, I never spoiled her virginity and I never had intercourse with her. This continued for some months and then Teena's marriage was fixed. I told her not to worry and forget all these and she need not tell anything to her husband.
   she got married and is leaving happly.The god played game with me in accidend lost my wife within 2 years.Now i am long staying in my house in palakkad
      Well friends, how did you enjoy reading this experience of mine? You are welcome to mail me your views. 