Oh My God I'm Naked
by Stevew

Victoria:

Victoria was a good girl. She knew a number of girls in her class had had sex, but she had never let a boy touch her. She didn’t even touch herself except to wash herself. She didn’t even wear bikinis, in fact the only had one swimsuit and it was a one piece. She rarely even wore it without covering it with a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Like I said, she was a good girl.


The incident:

One day, while at the mall, she was noticed by a boys from her school. Many of them had even asked her to go out on a date. She had said yes to only two of them, but when they tried to get too friendly with her by touching her breast, over her clothes, she slapped their hands away.

One of the boys had his older brother with him. He pointed her out to her brother saying, “She is such a prude. She won’t let anyone touch her, not even over her clothes.” The brother said, “Maybe she just needs the proper motivation, or maybe she should be taught a lesson.”

Later that day the brother got a few of his college buddies together with him. They saw her as she walked towards her house. They pulled the van they were driving over a few yards down the road from her and waited. When she approached the sidewalk beside the van one of the men called out to her. He said, “Can you help us?”

She was startled by the man and said, cautiously, “Maybe, what do you need?” He got out of the van holding a map and said, “We were invited to this farm house for a party. It’s supposed to be somewhere in this area, but either we got off at the wrong exit or we missed a turn somewhere.” As she looked at the map another man quietly stepped up behind her. She had no idea he was even there until he wrapped a hand around her and covered her mouth. He drug her over to the van and made her get in.

They drove to a farmhouse outside of town. The men knew that she was too young to have sex with, even if she had been willing, they just wanted to scare her a little and humiliate her. They had heard she was stubborn and proud and had decided to humble her.

When they got her into the house they stripped her and tied her hands to a rope which dangled from the ceiling. She kept saying, “You’ll be sorry for this. I’ll get even with you when I get out of here.” The men laughed and one of them said, “Relax, we aren’t going to hurt you. In fact we aren’t even going to fuck you unless you beg us to. We are just going to have a little fun. You see I am an artist and I need a canvas and you are going to be the canvas. I only see one slight problem with your canvas which can easily be fixed.” With that said he got a couple of the other guys to help him. They held her legs open wide while he shaved her sparse pubic hair and under her arms.

One of the other guys who happened to be a film student videoed what he did. He then pulled out a sheet cardboard which he squeezed some paint onto. He took out an artist paintbrush and set to work he started at the hollow of her neck and began painting. He painted her front and back then stepped back to see his work, though he wasn’t quite finished. He walked around her examining his work, occasionally she felt the touch of his brush when he touched up something he’d missed. Unless you look closely at her, she appeared to be wearing a crop-top style t-shirt with the Hooters logo on it.

Then came the most embarrassing part for her. He started painting a pair of shorts onto her body. A strange feeling came over her as he painted between her butt cheeks and even directly onto her pucker butthole. The most distressing part for was the feeling she got when he painted around her slit. Despite herself she couldn’t help but juice up when he did that. He even had to touch up the paint several times because her juices washed the paint away. He paused for a few minutes to let the paint dry. Then using two fingers he opened up her slit to paint the inside a little. Her clit pop out when he did that and he painted it as well.

When he was done she appeared to be wearing a Hooters crop-top with a pair of denim shorts despite her nudity.

She said, “Okay, you’ve had your fun at my expense. Now give me my clothes back.” She had yet to see herself in a mirror and assumed he had only painted designs on her. They untied her an said, “Look at yourself. Your beautiful.” She decided that they weren’t going to let her have her clothes back until she did, so she walked over to the mirror. She was surprised by what she saw. She appeared to be fully dressed, though not in something she would ever actually wear, willingly. She turned to them at demanded, “I’ve seen myself. Now give me back my clothes.” Her shoes and socks were tossed to her. “Where’s the rest,” she demanded. A different guy said, “Oh, we aren’t done yet. You can have them back when we are. Go ahead and put the shoes and socks on though.”

She did and was hustled back out to the van. She was driven back to the mall where she had shopped earlier. They parked near the curb and she was forced out. Two of the men accompanied her. They paraded all around the mall in her nude outfit. When they got to the food court she was given twenty dollars and told to go and buy them all a sodas. Reluctantly she did as she was told. She was quite surprised when no one seemed to notice her state of dress, though admittedly the paint job was good.

After leaving the mall they took her to a private club. At first, though her nudity made her nervous, she didn’t suspect anything. However after a half an hour, just as she was beginning to relax and get used to her situation, two of the men made her get up and dance with them. They ended up near the stage by the time the song had finished. They took her up onto the stage as the next song began. There on the stage she danced with them throughout the next song. It wasn’t until the end of the song that she realized that not only were they dancing on stage, but it was being filmed and broadcast throughout the club. She was the center of attention for the whole club.

After that dance the guys took her home. They expressed their hope that she had had a good time. One of them asked her if she would like to do it again sometime. To their surprise, as well as her own, she said, “Yes.” They handed her her clothes back. That’s when it hit her, Oh My God, I’m Naked.

When she got into her house she went straight to her shower and began to wash herself. There were a few places that she couldn’t reach. She got out of the shower and wrapped a towel around herself. She went to her little sister’s room knocked on the door and asked, “Can you help me?” Her little sister was surprised by the question, but said, “Yes.” Her sister followed her to the shower. She was surprised when Victoria dropped her towel and she saw the remains of the paint. Her sister asked, “How did this happen.” Victoria said, “It’s a long story. I’ll tell you about, but first help me get this stuff off.”

When they were done, she took her sister back to her room and told her the story of what had happened. She was surprised at how much the telling her sister of what had happened excited her especially between her legs. When she got back to her own room, Victoria did something she had never done before. She began rubbing herself between her legs. She felt an orgasm rising within her, but never having had one before it scared her and she stopped before achieving a full orgasm. She couldn’t wait to do it again, if she ever got the chance.

The next time she was asked out on a date, she said, “Yes.” She even let the boy touch her bare tits while watching the movie. On the way home she even allowed him to strip her and she did the same for him. She didn’t let him have sex with her on their first date, but they did enjoy a good 6 9 together. He asked her out for a second date a few weeks later. They went to a party at one of his friends house. There she tasted beer for the first time and got quite drunk. She and the boy snuck off to a bedroom for some privacy. They were in the middle of a 6 9 when five other boys walked in. They asked, “Can we join in?” She was so drunk that she didn’t care. That night she not only lost her virginity, but also had her first orgy. She would repeat the experience many times before she graduated from high school. She loved it.