Living the Dream
byCMU_Writer©
Elizabeth had graduated from high school in a very small northern Michigan town. This town was a very small community in which everybody knew everyone and their family. Elizabeth or Lizzy as her family and friends called her had been the star of this small town her entire high school career. She was a very talented basketball, volleyball, and softball player as well as a very good student. Lizzy was the class president and was also the Fall Home Coming Queen her senior year. She was one of the most popular students at school mainly because she was attractive and had a fun loving personality. 

Lizzy was 5'-5" tall and about 110 pounds. She had a European ancestry with long, thick, wavy, blond hair that was a soft as silk. She had amazing green eyes and full beautiful lips which pictured framed a bright white dazzling smile. Her neck was slightly longer than usual and begged to be kissed and nuzzled. She had square shoulders followed by a very firm set of natural "C" cup breasts with pink nipples could stand erect without any given notice. Her skin was virtually flawless and a light olive in color. Her measurements were 35-25-36. 

Before Lizzy graduated from high school she had applied to and had been accepted to Central Michigan University. Lizzy dreamed about her future college life over the last four years of high school. She fantasized daily about what it would be like to be on her own away from this small town where everybody knew her and her family. Lizzy was so excited to start her new life at college that she had started the official count down on the calendar about midway through her junior year. 

Even though Lizzy grew up in a small town she still had a wild side that she had managed to keep hidden from her friends, family, and the entire community. Lizzy had always dreamed of showing herself off. The main problem was that in a small town where she lived she was limited to internet chat rooms, which she had had only been able to visit a few times because somebody was almost always home at her house. 

In fact the closest she had actually ever come to living out her fantasy was the one time when she exited the bathroom wrapped in only a short towel finding her older brother and two of his friends there watching TV. At first Lizzy didn't know how to respond. This was her finally her chance. She wanted so badly to "accidently" drop her towel and show herself to these boys. Lizzy's mind was running rampage. She was playing out many different scenarios in her mind how this could work. During this time she just stood frozen in the open bathroom doorway clinging to her small white towel with a glazed look in her deep green eyes and water still dripping from her wet hair. Her bother's two friends immediately noticed her situation and could not help but stare. Lizzy finally regained her senses and started to move. Her bedroom was all the way across the family room and she had to walk right in front of the three boys to get to her bedroom door. As Lizzy walked she could feel every square inch of that soft cotton towel rubbing against her naked body. Her nipples had already come to full attention and the motion of the towel scrapping across them was making her weak in the knees. 

Not a word was said by a single person and Lizzy paraded across the room and approached her door. Although, she could feel the eyes of her brother's friends staring at her, watching every move she and that towel made, wishing that the towel would just drop to the floor. Lizzy felt her hand starting to lose grip on the towel. The closer she got to her door the looser the towel was getting. Finally Lizzy reached her room, stepped inside, closed the door, and then dropped the towel. Lizzy stood naked in the middle of her bedroom facing the closed bedroom door. She wanted so badly to expose herself to her brother's friends but she had just missed her opportunity. The only opportunity she had ever had. She was totally beside herself. Lizzy turned to her bed laid down and started to cry. It was at this point she made herself a vow that she would never again allow herself miss out on an opportunity like that again. From that day forward Lizzy dreamed about different scenarios she could live out once she left this small town and started her new life at college.

In the months since graduation everything fell into place for young Lizzy. She was finally living her dream. She had moved away to college and got her own place. Even though she had to live in the dorms because she was only a freshman it was still her own place and she was free to do as she desired. Lizzy shared a room with a beautiful girl named Lisa. The two girls were becoming very close friends. Although, Lizzy never told Lisa of her exhibitionist desires. 

Lizzy had put a lot of thought over the last year or so into ways she could expose herself without getting into trouble. She definitely did not want people thinking she was freak or thinking she was easy. Lizzy had put a lot of time in establishing herself as an innocent little small town girl and she wanted everyone to keep thinking that. Finally the thoughts and anticipation had become too much for young Lizzy to handle. She had been on her own at school for about a month and she was ready to start really living out her dream. Lizzy decided for her first real experience in exhibitionism she wanted to be someplace a long ways from home where nobody would know her. She decided to spend the day at Cedar Point. Cedar Point is an amusement park in Ohio about four hours from her dorm room. She had been planning this day for so long including the clothes she was going to wear that she knew how every minute of the day would happen. Although, in the back of her mind she couldn't help thinking about the one and only other chance she had last year in front of her brother's friends and how that turned out. She remembered the promise she had made to herself and truly believed that this time it would be different. Her stomach was tingling with excitement all week. 

The alarm clock went off 6:00AM Saturday morning. This was the day! Lizzy had told everyone that she had to family reunion to attend and would be gone until Sunday. Since it was so early and Lisa was still in bed sleeping she figured she might as well start her plan right from the dorm room. The very first thing Lizzy did was to not pack any bras or panties, in fact she was not wearing any either. She figured she would be less likely to back out if the opportunity did not exist. 

The clothes Lizzy had chosen to spend the day in was a white, tank top with thin shoulder straps that left her midriff exposed and a pair yellow, low rider shorts. She gazed into the mirror of her bedroom admiring her choice of attire. She paused for a moment to soak in all in. Lizzy loved the way see looked. She figured she had made the perfect selection for her adventures today. Her top was definitely not too tight, in fact it bordered on the too loose side. It was cut low in the front showing a fair amount of ample cleavage and hung off her "C" cup breast so that the bottom swayed freely away from her stomach about 2" above her belly button. Her shorts were one of her favorite pairs. They were a low rise pair made from soft stretch cotton and had a shortie 2" inseam. These shorts sat fairly low on her hips and showed quite a bit of her long slender legs. In fact if she bent over they would even show a hint of the bottom of her firm little butt cheeks. These shorts did not fit overly tight. In fact, she could easily insert a couple of fingers in the waist band and the leg holes and pull them away from her skin. As Lizzy finally walked away from the mirror she knew that her selections where perfect and that she would have no problem getting the attention of a few boys today. She looked absolutely beautiful and sexy! Lizzy packed a few other miscellaneous items in her suitcase and headed out the door. 

The drive to Cedar Point gave Lizzy lots of time to ponder about the day to come. Today was a big step for young Lizzy. This was the first time she had ever decided to try anything like this in public before. Although she was incredibly excited she was also extremely nervous. The butterflies in her stomach were almost continuous. She couldn't stop thinking about what if something went wrong. Lizzy's mind was running wild the entire four hour drive. She had been playing many different scenarios out in her mind all morning wondering what it was going to feel like to finally be able to show off as she desired. Once she arrived in Sandusky she stopped by her hotel, checked in, and left all her luggage at her room. Finally she arrived at the park.

Lizzy left her car in the parking lot and hopped on the tram which took her into the park. The only thing she had in her possession was her shirt, shorts, flip flops, car key, and some cash. She had decided to leave her purse and cell phone in the car in case she decided to go on some of the water rides. On the tram ride to the entrance Lizzy looked down at her attire and couldn't believe what she saw. The rough ride of the tram was making her breasts bounce freely under her thin shirt. Lizzy had never gone out in public without a bra before. She didn't realize how much movement her large "C" cup breast would actually have without any support. She looked over to her side and noticed an older gentlemen staring at them bounce enjoying the ample amount of cleavage she was showing. It was at that point she realized she was already showing off. Lizzy smiled at the gentlemen and bent over to adjust her flip flop just long enough to give him an "accidental" quick little show Lizzy felt her shirt pull away from her breast. She knew that the view this gentlemen was getting would stick with him the entire day. She was already so excited from this little act that her nipples were rock hard; in fact, she knew that they probably would stay that way a good portion of the day today. As Lizzy lifted her head she noticed him turn his head away but there was definitely a little more smile on his face. Lizzy then saw him reach over hug his wife and give her peck on the cheek. At that moment Lizzy had a warm feeling surge through her entire body because she knew that in a matter of a couple of seconds she had turned him on so much that he needed to instantly show his loved one some affection to relieve his guilt. Deep down she knew that gentlemen's wife was going to have a very good night tonight although she would never even know the real reason. 

It was a beautiful day outside. Lizzy was really enjoying her day so far. She had already taken some time to enjoy a few rides but she had decided it was finally time to play out one of the scenarios she had planned. It was important to Lizzy that whatever she did would have to look like an accident she didn't want to be labeled. She decided to head over to roller coaster called the Blue Streak. Lizzy waited in line extra long so that she could ride in the front car. What she wasn't planning on was the fact that since this seat is such a desired seat on all coasters that somebody would have to ride with her.

As the coaster ascended the lift hill butterflies were running wild in Lizzy's stomach, she knew what was coming on the other side of this hill. In the few seconds she was in the seat she had already learned the name of the guy sitting next to her and that he was from Toledo. The coaster was almost ready to crest the lift hill and Lizzy's began to have second thoughts. She already kind of knew this guy sitting next to her so how could expose herself to somebody she knew? What if she got into trouble? What if she was asked to leave the park? What if somebody on the ground had a camera? All of a sudden she realized that she was putting her hands up in the air just like she had planned. Who was causing this? I can't be doing this! She seemed to have lost control of her arms! The next thing she knew she was screaming at the top of lungs heading down the hill with the wind blowing in her face. That is when she started to feel it happen. The wind was causing her loose fitting tank top to lift. 

She couldn't bring herself to look down and see what was happening. She was actually doing it!! Everything seemed to be going in slow motion now. She could feel her shirt inching up her chest. She actually felt the hem of the shirt catch on one of her nipples before it let loose leaving her totally exposed. She immediately realized the guy sitting next to her had noticed her situation because he was smiling from ear to ear. She continued to ride with her hands in the air screaming like she was having the time of her life pretending not to notice her state of undress. She could feel her breast bouncing like crazy on the rough wooden roller coaster. She could also tell her nipples were rock hard from the feel of the breeze on her naked breast. When the ride was getting towards the end Lizzy put her arms down and noticed her situation. She let out one more little scream and pulled her shirt back into place. At this point the guy sitting next to her asked her if she needed a hand and commented on the beauty of her breast. 

Lizzy played the role of the embarrassed, little girl to a tee. She made small talk with the guy sitting next for the next couple of minutes until she was able to get off the coaster. It was a good thing that Lizzy did have a minute or two before coaster entered the station and she had to get off. She knew that her knees were so weak from the waves of excitement that had gushed through her body the entire ride that she wouldn't even have able to stand on her own. As soon as the coaster stopped and the lap bar lifted Lizzy jumped out of her seat and moved towards the exit. Moving towards the exit she looked over her shoulder at partner in crime and noticed him give his buddies a high five. He was smiling and laughing with joy. Lizzy loved the way she was making other people feel today.

As Lizzy walked away from the Blue Streak she couldn't believe she actually did it. She was so proud of herself. This was the best day of her life!

Living the Dream Ch. 02

Lizzy entered the main midway of Cedar Point once again. Her entire body was still flushed with the excitement she just experienced on the last ride. As she walked through the crowd she noticed that she had a little more bounce in her step then before. She also noticed the fact that she couldn't seem to stop smiling. She was having the time of her life. She was finally realizing her dream.

Lizzy continued on her way looking forward to her next adventure. There were so many different rides all of which meant different ways she could "accidently" expose herself again. Although, one thought that was going through young Lizzy's mind was the fact that she needed to be very careful with her adventures today. She didn't want to get seen twice by the same person. She didn't want to take any chances of somebody figuring out what she was up to. That could mean trouble and she definitely didn't want anything to do with any trouble after all she was just having a little bit of fun not hurting anybody. 

After lunch Lizzy decided that it was time to put her second plan into motion. Lizzy had actually just developed this plan during lunch. Even though she had put a lot of thought into her other plans this new idea just seemed to irresistible. She just hoped that everything would work out OK even though it was not as well planned as her other ideas but something about being spontaneous today just seemed right. 

Basically Lizzy's new plan involved fixing the one thing that she felt she was missing today. Even though Lizzy was having the time of her life she just felt lonely. Lizzy wished she had somebody she could share her adventure with. Since Lizzy had already been hit on by a few different guys today she decided to hang out with the next guy who hit on her for the rest of the day. Her new plan was to allow new friend to be present when she was "accidently" exposed next time. She didn't really know when the next time would be she just thought that when the opportunity presented itself she would go with the flow.

Lizzy put on her best act. She just stood in the middle of the midway looking upset. It didn't take long for a group of five guys to approach the blond beauty and ask her if everything was OK. Lizzy told them that she came here with a group of friends but had gotten separated when she went to the bathroom. She told them that they all had left their cell phones in the car so there was no way to track her friends down. Almost all at once all five guys all spoke up and offered to allow Lizzy to hang out with them until she could find her friends. 

Everyone made their introductions and proceeded to walk down the midway. Lizzy did notice that she was getting a lot of attention from her new friends. She knew that they were all trying to figure out what she was wearing under that tank top of hers. She figured that since the guys could not see any bra straps they probably all assumed that she wasn't wearing once. These thoughts has caused her nipples to become rock hard again and quite visible through thin fabric of her shirt. Lizzy figured that this was probably drawing some additional attention. As the group continued walking the gentle swaying of Lizzy's breasts back and forth was causing her hardened nipples to rub against the fabric of her shirt. This motion was starting to affect Lizzy's thoughts. She was having a hard time thinking straight. In fact, all she could think about was that they wanted out. 

As hard as it was for Lizzy to keep focused she managed to get through the next couple of rides. Over the last two hours Lizzy's had gotten to know this group of guys pretty well. A couple members of the new group of friends had already tried to talk everyone into going on one of the water rides. Lizzy had always shot this idea down because she knew in her thin white shirt that she would be putting on quite a show. Finally the guys couldn't take any more. They all got together decided that they were going to go on a ride called Thunder Canyon. Thunder Canyon is basically a large tube that seats about 12 people and goes though a canyon with waterfalls, hills, etc. Lizzy knew all about this ride. She decided that this would be the perfect opportunity to try her luck again. The guys all talked about how they had been on this ride once today already and it was really fun. They told Lizzy that nobody gets very wet basically just a few splashes can hit any rider. They all wanted to see her get soaked very badly. One of the exciting ideas of this ride to Lizzy was the fact that not everyone will get wet. Every ride though the canyon is different and sometimes a person can make the entire adventure without getting one drop of water on them. Of course, sometimes just the opposite can happen too. 

The group waited in line for their turn on the ride. Lizzy continued to play the role of the dumb blond girl really well. She pretended that the idea of her getting soaked wasn't even possible. Lizzy could also tell the guys where all very excited about this ride. She knew that they all wanted to see here get soaking wet. She noticed that the boys were acting just like a bunch of little kids all giddy with excitement. As everyone boarded the ride Lizzy looked at the floor of the tube and commented about the amount of water down there. The guys just ignored her and changed the subject. As Lizzy sat down by her new group of friends see realized that they were not the only people on this ride and that she was the only girl out of twelve people on this tube. The ride started to move. Lizzy started to get that ever so familiar feeling of butterflies in her stomach. Then Lizzy realized that she was trapped and couldn't get off the ride and that things were now out of her control. This feeling didn't sit too well with her. She started to think what if something went wrong? How could she save herself? The ride continued on its path throughout these thoughts. As soon as the ride rounded the first corner Lizzy heard the roar of the first waterfall. She immediately turned to her new friends and shouted at them that they lied to her. Lizzy was playing the role. The guys just pointed and laughed as the first waterfall poured on top of the riders on the opposite side of Lizzy. Lizzy soon joined in their laughter and tried to enjoy the ride. 

As the Lizzy heard the roar of the second waterfall she started to hope that it would dump on her side of the tube. In all of the commotion of the ride so far Lizzy had never realized the show she was putting on until now. The bouncing of the tube in the rough water was causing quite a show for everyone on the tube. Lizzy's breasts were bouncing up and down almost jumping out of her shirt. As she looked around she noticed that the older, heavy set, biker looking guy sitting directly across for her had already noticed her situation and gave her a thumbs up as her eyes met his. Shorty after this encounter Lizzy felt the water start to dump down on top of her head. She was caught directly in the line of fire of the second waterfall. Lizzy screamed at the top of her lungs as her entire body became soaked with the cold water. 

Lizzy could feel her shirt clinging to naked breast. She knew that the water had made it transparent but there was nothing she could do about it. She just pretended that everything was normal and continued the ride. Once again Lizzy got the thumbs up from her biker friend across the tube but played dumb. Lizzy did notice that her new guy friends had all noticed her situation but nobody would say anything to her about it. As the ride continued Lizzy heard the 3rd waterfall approaching. When the tube was right in front of the waterfall it somehow spun and placed Lizzy directly in its path. The water once again poured down on young Lizzy. This time the water seemed to be on a mission. Everything seemed to be going in slow motion again. As the water poured down on top of Lizzy she felt one of the straps on her top slide over her shoulder then she felt the other do same thing. As soon as the straps went down Lizzy felt her entire top sliding down her body. In the blink of an eye Lizzy's top was around her waist. Lizzy pretended not to notice for a few moments so that everyone on the ride could check out her situation including her new guy friends. 

As Lizzy sat there with her eyes closed and her head down she slowly moved her long blond hair out of her face and over her shoulders. That is when she pretended to notice her situation. She immediately screamed drawing attention herself and placed her hands over her breasts. Lizzy wasn't exactly sure on what to do. How was she supposed to get her top back up without showing everybody her breasts? She waited a little bit too long to start and now her tube was within eye sight of everybody waiting in line. People started to point and laugh. Lizzy even notice somebody holding out their cell phone trying to take a picture of her situation. Lizzy finally decided the only way to fix this situation was to stand up in the tube, move her hands, and try to pull her top back up. Lizzy stood up and put her plan into action. The minute Lizzy got to her feet the tube bumped into the side of the canyon causing Lizzy to lose her balance and fall face first into the lap of one of her new guy friends. 

As Lizzy was falling forward something didn't feel quite right. Things had gotten totally out of control and she was in trouble. This situation had gone way farther than anything she was comfortable with. As soon as Lizzy stopped moving she realized that she had fallen and had her face buried in one of new friend's lap. Her shirt was still around her waist and her breasts were swinging freely below her. The part that didn't make sense was that somehow when she had fallen her butt had remained in the air and now it was being lowered down as if somebody had a hold of her shorts. That's is when she realized that the guy sitting next to her had reached out and grabbed her as she was falling forward. The only problem was he grabbed a hold of her by the waist band of her low rider shorts. That is what didn't feel right. Something else didn't feel right now either. Something just felt looser than it was before. Lizzy regained her balance and stood up one more time. She figured everybody had already seen her exposed breast and she needed to move quickly to get redresses before the ride came into the station. Lizzy battled with her top for what seemed like eternity as her stiff pink nipples stood at attention to the crowd. This was definitely more exposed than she had planned but never the less Lizzy was enjoying the attention and wouldn't trade on minute of this excitement for anything.

As Lizzy finally got her top pulled back up and straighten out she realized that it was still soaking wet and quite transparent. The only way she could protect herself was to keep on hand on her shirt pulling it away from her body. This is also when she realized what that strange feeling was she had earlier. Lizzy looked down and her shorts where riding lower than before. Much lower! When her friend had tried to keep her from falling her by grabbing her by the shorts he has caused the top button on her shorts to come off. Lizzy was now in full panic mode. This situation was fully out of control. Lizzy just stood in the middle of the ride for a second dazed and confused. When she finally regained her senses she let go of her shirt, reached down, and pulled her shorts back up. She held on the top of her shorts with one hand and held her shirt away from her breast with her other hand. At this point all eyes around where focused on young Lizzy as she just stood in the middle on this ride soaking wet, water dripping from her hair and face, looking totally helpless.

Living the Dream Ch. 03

Lizzy didn't know what to do next. If she let go of her shorts then they would immediately start to slide down. If she didn't hold her shirt away from her body then it would cling transparently to her breast exposing herself to everyone. Lizzy was in trouble. Things had gone definitely way farther that she had ever anticipated. 

As the ride entered the landing and everybody had to leave Lizzy struggled to hold on to her dignity. She had the desire today to expose herself but definitely not to this extreme. Lizzy tried to keep a positive note. She joked with her new friends as they all exited the ride. Lizzy walked down the wooden ramp towards the main pathway. Her new friends paying very close to every step she took. Finally one of the guys asked her if she was alright and needed any help. Lizzy smiled and said something about a small wardrobe malfunction. Lizzy explained her problem about her shorts to the guys and asked them if they had any ideas on how she could fix them. After a few minutes of deliberation nobody was able to come up with a plan to help poor Lizzy out. Finally Lizzy walked over to the closest bench and sat down.

Sitting on the bench allowed poor Lizzy a few minutes of relief from her current situation. Her shorts stayed in place quite well as sat there on the bench. As Lizzy sat there holding her shirt away from her chest she struggled to come up with an idea to save herself then she drifted off into thought about what just happened. She sat there staring forward looking at this group of guys she had just befriended not that long ago. She then realized that this day was actually turning out better than she could have possibly hoped for. The thought of her being in a situation that exposed her, that she actually had no control over got her very excited. She could feel her nipples start to press against the thin wet fabric of her white shirt. 

After sitting on the bench for about 10 minutes everybody started to get restless. The guys talked to Lizzy and told her that she just couldn't sit her on the bench all day and that she just needed to get moving. Lizzy finally agreed and said ok but she still needed to figure out a way to repair the button on her shorts. They all agreed to keep thinking but to also start heading towards the next ride. 

Lizzy walked down the path holding on to the front of her shorts. She had decided to let go of her top since the thin fabric had already started to dry. She looked down at her chest and could see the outline of her breast but nothing to obvious, except for her nipples which where poking out and very obvious. As the group kept walking they discussed which ride they would do next. Lizzy immediately told everyone that she was done with any water rides and if they the group really wanted to do them she would just go and try to find her other friends. The guys did not want this to happen so they all agreed to avoid them. 

After a short walk the group agreed to hit another roller coaster called the Mean Streak. Lizzy thought about it for second and couldn't see any harm in this type of ride so she agreed to enjoy the fun. Lizzy now had to give every action she made a lot more thought. In all of her plans to expose herself today she had never dreamed of exposing anything other than just her breasts and now that was a real possibility if she wasn't very careful. As the group waited in line for their turn the guys started to discuss Lizzy's dilemma she had on Thunder Canyon. Lizzy was surprised on how openly the guys were talking about seeing her breast right in front of her. The mood of the group had seemed to change. In fact it seemed to be all they wanted to talk about now. Lizzy started to feel a little uncomfortable but there was nothing see could do to change the subject so she just went with the flow. The guys even went as far as to ask her if she would just give them another quick flash since they enjoyed seeing her breast so much the first time. Lizzy just laughed and told them not to worry because she wasn't stupid and nothing they could do would ever give them the chance get to see her naked again. Lizzy regretted this comment the minute she said it. It sounded too much like a challenge which the guys picked up on right away. 

Lizzy continued to hold on the front of her shorts as they passed thru the line and onto the ride. The Mean Streak is a wooden roller which very jerky and has a lot more bounce than the steel coasters. The entire time Lizzy was on this ride her breasts bounced and swayed under the thin fabric of her shirt causing her nipples to become rock hard again. As the ride came back into the station Lizzy looked down to check the condition of her shorts before she stood up to get off of the ride. This is when she noticed a button sitting in her lap. At first she thought it was the button from the waist band of her shorts, then she realized that wasn't possible and that the jerky movement of the ride had caused her body to slide around in the seat and caused one of the two remaining buttons in front of her shorts to come off. Lizzy was in total panic mode now. She didn't know whether to stand up or just stay sitting. It wasn't until the ride attendant came over and asked if everything was ok that Lizzy finally decided she needed to give off the ride and check out the damage.

Lizzy held on the front of her shorts and exited the ride. When the group got to the bottom of the ramp Lizzy told the guys what happened and again asked for help. This time the mood was a little different. It was almost as if the guys didn't want to help they just wanted to her watch the show. Lizzy now had to hang onto the top and front of her shorts to keep any of her dignity. Lizzy told the group that her day in the park was over and she needed to head back to her hotel and get some different shorts. They all begged Lizzy to stay but she wanted nothing more to do with this day in the park. Things were way out of control and she needed to protect herself.

The guys all agreed to walk with Lizzy to her car to make sure that she was ok. This action made Lizzy feel more at ease and agreed to walk with the boys. Lizzy did look kind of funny walking thru the park holding on to her shorts but she kept moving. As the group walked by the Mantis they all begged Lizzy to go on one more ride before she left. Lizzy was very adamant that there was no way she was going to go on any more rides she just needed to get to her car. The guys looked the ride and told Lizzy that the line was so small that it wouldn't take very long and then they would walk her to her car. One of the guys finally grabbed Lizzy by the shirt and started to pull her towards the ride entrance. He was pulling so hard on Lizzy thin top she became fearful that he might just rip it right off her if she resisted so she finally agreed to go on one last ride before she left. 

The Mantis is a stand-up roller coaster. It does have small seat that comes up between your legs to keep you from falling out of the ride. It also has a shoulder restraint to keep you locked in place. Lizzy wasn't too sure about this ride but she really didn't have a choice. The guys seemed pretty adamant that she went so it was just easier for her to agree. As Lizzy stood in line with her hands on holding her shorts up the guys were starting to get a little braver with their actions. They never missed an opportunity to talk about her giving them another quick flash of those beautiful breasts. Lizzy just tried to ignore them and change the subject but it wasn't working anymore. Lizzy was starting to wonder if she made a mistake by agreeing to go on one last ride.

When it was finally their turn to get on the ride Lizzy looked at the ride and realized that it was a stand-up type coaster. She never k new this before and didn't know what to do. She studied the ride and the way everything looked. After a minute or two she figured that she would be safe. She could still hold on to her shorts and besides the seat between her legs would hold up them up too. As Lizzy boarded the ride she was having a hard time pulling the shoulder restraint over her shoulder and holding on to her shorts all at the same time. The ride operator saw her struggling and came over to give her a hand. He explained to her that she needed to move her arm for a second so he could pull the restraint over her head. The whole action happened very quickly. The attendant move her arm away from her shorts, shut the restraint, and walked away. Lizzy again panicked. With the shoulder restraint in place she couldn't reach the top of her shorts with her hands. She was locked in and couldn't move at all. Lizzy just prayed that the seat would hold everything in place. The ride jerked and train left the station. 

As Lizzy ascended the first lift hill she started to really get into this ride. She then realized that she was very excited. Her nipples became rock hard and pressed against the backside of the shoulder restraint. As the train crested the first lift hill Lizzy started to scream from the enjoyment. She could feel the wind blowing in her face. She could even feel the wind blowing on her exposed mid drift area. That is when she felt something a little different then she had felt all day. She couldn't see what was going on but she could feel the wind blowing down her shorts and between her legs. Lizzy tried to look down to figure out what was going on but she could see. She tried again to reach down for her shorts but the restraint was just too tight. The wind blowing down her shorts really caused some different feelings in the pit of her stomach. Lizzy didn't know what was going on but she speculated that the front of her shorts had blown open exposing her clean shaven self to the world. Lizzy knew that nobody could really see her very well on this ride. Even the group of guys that was with her couldn't see because they were locked in just like she was. Lizzy just enjoyed the ride. She was again living the dream.

Lizzy's excitement soon changed as the train entered the station. She just knew that she was on display and everybody could see in the front of her shorts. When the train came to a complete stop it just sat there for a second or two which seemed like eternity to poor Lizzy. Lizzy noticed a few people looking her direction but nobody was making any comments. She figured maybe it wasn't that bad the wind was just blowing at the right angle. It was at that moment that somebody raised their arm and pointed at Lizzy and said in a very loud voice "Hey check out that chick she is not wearing any panties". Lizzy just died at that moment. The guys in her group also heard the comment and where straining themselves trying to see what everybody else could. As the shoulder restraints lifted Lizzy finally got to look down at herself. She couldn't believe what she saw. The front of her shorts had blown wide open. They were lying on her hips in the shape of a large "V". It was at this point that Lizzy totally panicked. She wasn't even thinking straight anymore. All she wanted to do was to get off this ride and get away from these prying eyes. As soon as the restraints were high enough, Lizzy jumped off of the seat onto the platform. One small item that Lizzy overlooked when she decided to jump was the landing. As her feet hit the platform the sudden jar that went through her body caused her shorts to end up around her ankles. 

Lizzy definitely wasn't thinking straight. Even after her shorts fell down she still just wanted to get out of eyesight of everybody on the platform. She tried to turn and run but did nothing but get her feet tangled up in her shorts and fell flat on her face. By now her guy friends had come to her aid. They tried to calm her down. Two of them grabbed her by the arms and helped her to her feet. Lizzy once again stood in the middle of the platform with her shorts still around her ankles totally on display. The guys held on to her for a few moments asking her if she was ok. Lizzy struggled to get free but they held on tightly to her. The guys holding her instructed one of their buddies to come help poor Lizzy out. The guy slowly walked over dropped to his knees directly in front of Lizzy. He reached down and grabbed her shorts to pull them up. His face was only inches away from Lizzy's totally clean shaven body. In fact he couldn't resist himself and had to give her a quick peck on her naked mound. Lizzy's was in total shock at what just happened. Lizzy had quit struggling and just stood there in disbelief. Once her shorts were pulled they group left the platform. Lizzy never looked back she just kept walking towards the park exit holding on to her shorts.

The guys caught right up to Lizzy and started to comment on what just happened. Lizzy just couldn't believe what just happened either. Lizzy was acting all embarrassed but deep down she loved it. As the group of friends continued the walk out of the park, the guy who rode next to her on the Mantis asked Lizzy if she had fun showing herself off today. This comment stopped Lizzy in her tracks. She wondered how he knew what was going on. She tried to deny his theory but it wasn't working. His final argument that won the rest of the guys over was when he told everyone that he had heard Lizzy have an orgasm in the end of the ride. He figured the reason she fell off the ride was that her legs were just too weak to hold her up. Lizzy almost died. She couldn't believe he had heard her. She was so embarrassed. 

Lizzy again started to walk trying to avoid any eye contact or conversation with her new friends. But the group stuck right with her until she reached her car. Lizzy was ready for this adventure to end. She wanted to just get back to her hotel and go for nice soak in the hot tub. Then Lizzy reached into the pocket of her shorts to get her car keys and couldn't believe what she felt. Nothing was there. How could she get home without her car? She replayed the day in her mind trying to figure out when she could have lost them. She was so far from home. What was she suppose to do?
