The first time was after a feast in celebration of a particularly bountiful harvest. Arthur had beckoned for his goblet to be refilled for the dozenth time when his chin landed heavily in the crook of Merlin’s elbow, and Merlin decided that His Royal Pratness was in need of a bed--and probably a hangover remedy from Gaius in the morning. Merlin set down the wine ewer, still poised over the empty goblet, before planting the heel of his palm against Arthur’s forehead to raise it from its comfortable nest in Merlin‘s arm.

“What--d‘you think you‘re--doing--Merlin,” Arthur slurred, his breath hot and damp on Merlin’s wrist.

“Just saving you from embarrassment, Sire,” Merlin muttered.

Arthur’s head, already heavy, as Merlin thought on numerous occasions, from the large, princely ego it contained, felt abnormally heavy now that it was sodden with alcohol. When Arthur finally--mercifully--made an effort to stay upright, albeit only long enough to glare blearily at him, Merlin pulled back Arthur’s chair and guided a boneless arm across his shoulders to hoist Arthur from his seat.

The trek to Arthur’s chambers was slow and laborious, even taking shortcuts and avoiding unnecessary staircases, and Merlin was convinced Arthur was only getting heavier. After several minutes of Merlin more dragging than ushering the gatted prince along the cold, unlit corridors, he could take no more and settled for taking a break.

Merlin lowered Arthur to the floor, who willingly crumpled against the wall with a deeply drawn sigh, and swiped at his sweaty brow with the cuff of his sleeve, hoping his blurred vision was brought upon by exhaustion and not the sips of wine he’d stolen throughout dinner. For a single, long, blissful moment, Merlin considered leaving Arthur where he was, but he knew more than enough people had witnessed him toting the pra--prince from the hall, and Merlin had spent enough time in the stocks this month to risk it. He groaned inwardly, but admitted ridding himself of the drunken mess that was Arthur was a task he’d prefer to finish sooner rather than later.

Merlin turned back to said drunken mess only to hear himself gasp, the sound offensive, loud in the empty passage. In the short amount of time Merlin had rested, and guiltily thought of deserting the prince, and grudgingly decided not to, Arthur had risen from his slumped position on the floor and sidled up beside him. Merlin drew a shaky breath, quickly coming to a few successive realizations:

First, that in spite of his inebriation, Arthur had approached him in complete silence. Second, that even if he hadn’t sensed Arthur’s approach, he should’ve smelled it, since Arthur’s breath reeked, sweet and heavy, of all the wine he’d drunk. Third, that Arthur’s pupils were blown and outlined with only slivers of blue. Fourth, that Arthur was physically emanating heat across the air separating their bodies. Last, that Merlin only knew of the second, third and fourth because the air separating their bodies was the meager span of an eyelash.

“Er,” was all Merlin managed before Arthur breached that infinitesimal gap between them with an open-mouth kiss. Merlin’s mind both froze and exploded. And perhaps he had drunk too much because, instead of shoving Arthur away, his hands leapt to Arthur’s nape, his fingers twisting at the baby fine hair there, and his mouth opened in eager acceptance. Arthur made an appreciative noise into Merlin’s mouth to join his probing tongue, the vibrations of it making Merlin’s knees buckle.

As proof of his condition, Arthur was sloppy: sometimes mouthing uselessly at Merlin’s chin, sometimes clacking their teeth in his effort to force Merlin‘s jaws further open, sometimes licking the bow of Merlin’s top lip so messily his tongue tickled Merlin’s nostrils. But, when he paid better, closer attention to the--attention­--he was giving Merlin, Merlin’s tremulous mewls flooded both their mouths: like when he brushed the roof of Merlin’s mouth with his tongue, or when he sucked Merlin’s tongue into his own mouth, or when he drew Merlin’s full bottom lip between his teeth with a possessive growl.

Arthur’s hands, already crushing Merlin’s bony hips, guided Merlin backwards until Merlin’s shoulder blades met punishing, cold stone, until their bodies were flush, joined from chest to thigh. Releasing one hip, Arthur snuck around Merlin’s waist and under his tunic to brand the smooth skin of Merlin’s lower back with a hot, calloused hand. Merlin arched again, this time their erections dragging together through their breeches, the sudden electrifying sensation making Merlin drop his hands from their desperate hold in Arthur’s hair to Arthur’s shoulders, fingers gripping, knuckles white, nails digging, making Arthur throw his head back, eyes wide and unseeing, the cords in his neck tensing.

Merlin rolled his hips, watching as Arthur’s head snapped forward again, and groaned throatily, the sight of Arthur’s spit-slick, swollen mouth, his hair on end, the flush creeping up his throat from his chest, visible even in the weak moonlight streaming in through the empty arched windows, adding to the effect of the dizzying, glorious friction. Arthur mirrored the motion, thrusting upward slowly, deliciously slow, and he swallowed Merlin’s shuddering moan with another thorough kiss, tongues hot, wet, wrestling in the space where their mouths were joined.

Neither knew who wrenched away from whom first, but now that they’d come apart, they both noticed how loud, how hot they were panting into each other’s still-gaping mouths. Arthur let his head fall forward, pressing his mouth to the skin barely exposed above Merlin’s neckerchief. Merlin followed suit, brushing his lips across the tender skin behind Arthur’s ear. They continued rutting against each other, impatient and erratic, Arthur gasping Merlin’s name with every thrust, Merlin babbling mindlessly: “so wrong” and “damn, damn, damn” and “gods, Arthur” and “Uther‘ll have my head if we get--oh!”

Arthur, feeling himself close, so close, wrenched away from Merlin’s neck, though not before glimpsing the randomly placed marks on the taut, milky skin, to recapture Merlin’s lips. The kiss, searing and filthy, more saliva and deep-throated grunts than finesse or trained tongues and lips, had Merlin shivering against Arthur.

Merlin’s moaned “Fuck, Arthur, I‘m going to come” pushed Arthur over first, both his hands grabbing Merlin’s lean arse to grind their cocks together, closer, harder, spilling himself in his breeches, his eyes rolling wildly in his head. Merlin came then, feeling the wet heat of Arthur’s groin on his, his magic pulsing through his limbs, dimly aware of his head colliding with the wall and his breathless keening.

Arthur collapsed against Merlin, and if he’d been heavy before, drunk and half-asleep, he was dead weight now. Merlin slid down the wall, pinpricks of pain littering his back, and draped Arthur over his lap. Tangled uncomfortably around each other on the floor, Arthur peered up into Merlin’s face, eyes dazed and half-lidded.

“Merlin?” he huffed, his breath still smelling and tasting of wine.

Merlin answered with a noncommittal noise, his mind still struggling to catch up and process what they just did.

“Merlin.”

“What, Arthur?”

“I‘m going to be ill.”

And so he did, retching onto the stone floor beside Merlin, near enough Merlin can hear it splatter. But Merlin cared only enough to check no regurgitated wine, fruit, wine, meat, and wine got on him, lazily rubbing between Arthur’s shoulder blades, and noticing the horns of the crescent moon peeking beyond the window. At least this way, he concluded, there was less of Arthur to haul.