Tasha got dropped off first as she lived farthest away.  She lived in the rich part of town in a gated community.  Her mother and step dad's mansion was where she spent most of her free time, studying, practicing clarinet and piano with private instructors, and baby sitting for her neighbors.  She also walked her two dogs, rode her horse "Honey", tended to her flower garden, and wrote to her numerous pen pals all across the world.  She loved her hobbies so much that she never had time for socializing and watching TV.  

Jake and Paul nearly shit their pants when they saw where she lived.  She immediately ran to her room and waited by the phone for Lindsey to call her.  When it finally did it was Jake and not Lindsey on the other line even though it was Lindsey's number on the caller ID.  He asked her out on a date for Friday night and she accepted, giddy with delight.  

"So what are you guys all doing?" Tash asked.

"Ummm, not much just watchin some TV.  Lindsey is showin Paul her bedroom if you know what I mean..."

That's weird, she thought, why would she want him to see her bedroom.  Tash knew Lindsey was ashamed of her room because of her Rainbow Bright wall paper and stuffed animal collection.  

"So Tash, have you ever had a boyfriend?" he asked.

"Ummm no I've never even been kissed..." She replied, slapping herself in the forehead for making herself look like a total fool.  

"Well I'll teach you how on Friday.  Maybe I'll give you some more icing too." He chuckled.

"Yeah I'd like that!" She immediately replied referring to the kiss without realizing he threw in that second part.  Oh well it she wouldn't really mind doing it again anyways.  She actually kind of enjoyed doing it even though the icing wasn't like cake icing.

"Yeah I'd like that too!  You did a half decent job."  He lied.  She blushed behind the phone.

They chatted for awhile before saying bye and hanging up.

Just then, she heard her mother's high heels clacking on the foyer tiles.  She ran down stairs.

"Hi Mummy!"

"Why hello darling!  How is my little angel today?"  

Serena Vilenko wasn't a normal American mother.  At age fifteen she had won her first pageant; the Miss Teen Austria title, and by eighteen she was knocked up with Tasha by her first husband, a Russian playboy and very wealthy businessman.  He had died leaving them his fortune and she had remarried an even wealthier man two years ago, a powerful real estate tycoon named Marco.  The thirty five year old Serena would look like a college girl if it weren't for her sophisticated aura of wealth and fashion.  She maintained a busy modeling career despite her age for obvious reasons...

"I'm fine!  Mummy a boy asked me out on a date..."

"Really darling that's marvelous!  Its about time you started dating!  When I was your about your age I was pregnant with you.  Do you know what to do now dear?  Gosh you've grown up so quick... I haven't even talked to you about boys yet have I... Come dear let us sit!"

They moved outside to the courtyard and Selena lit a fancy brown cigarette.  

"Boys, boys, boys...  Where to start...  Well, all boys are horny bastards.  They'll do anything to get in your panties.  The best thing to do to keep them satisfied is to give them a Creamer... um, also called a blow job, and send them on their way."

"What's a Creamer?" Tash questioned.

"A creamer my dear," Selena smirked, "Is when you suck on their cock... er, penis, until The Cream comes out.  That usually does the trick and they'll be happy as can be!  Boys will do anything and will give you whatever you want for a Creamer. Oh yes, and always remember to swallow, swallow, swallow The Cream!  It's really quite amazing stuff!  It keeps your body lean and free of fat, keeps the breasts and ass full and perky, great for skin and eye sight, and is great for the immune system.  It's like an elixir of eternal youth... cures whatever ails ya!  How do you think I stay looking so young and robust?" Selena winked, puffing her smoke.

"Cream really does all that?" 

"Why yes!  That's why the pretty women are all skinny and the fat women are ugly!  Men don't want to waste time giving The Cream to ugly women!  Since you're so beautiful you'll have lots of boys interested in you so you'll get all The Cream you need to stay pretty like me!  Oh and make sure you shave your private area so they will return the favor!  That's always fun!  When you buckle under the pressure to have sex, try to wait at least one month with a boy you like and make sure you take your birth control pill everyday dear."

"Birth control?" Tasha was so confused by all this information...

"Yes dear, the daily "vitamins" in the round pack that we get from Dr. Demitri?  That's birth control so you won't get pregnant.  They're so you won't need to use condoms... er, condoms are a rubber thingie you put on a penis to block The Cream... a completely stupid invention, takes all the fun out of a good romp and totally wastes good cum...er, Cream that is." Selena puffed.

"Mummy... do you drink Cream a lot?" 

"Why of course dear!  Everyday!"  

"Well how do you do that when Marco is only here on the weekends?" Tasha asked.  Her step dad worked in another state and flew home on weekends.

Selena paused puffing her cigarette and staring at her daughter.  Damn this smart beautiful child, she thought.

"Well dear since Marco is never home, I have to get Cream elsewhere." Selena confessed.

"Like where?"

"Well a few places.  Let's see, the gym is always a great place... the country club... bars are good sometimes... pretty much anywhere you can find a hunky man..."

Tasha's mind reeled at the thought... Her mother got Cream from other men?

"But... but... isn't that cheating?" Tasha asked, her eyes tearing up.

Selena leaned in and hugged her.

"Noooo! Nooooo darling!  Getting Cream isn't cheating!  It's more like going to the grocery store or going to get medicine!  I've gotten Cream from lots of nice men!  That's how I met your Daddy!  Now just remember, when you're giving a "Blow Job" to get the cream, always lick the balls and play with them.  Men love that.  And they love it when you open your mouth wide and let them see the Cream squirt in your mouth.  Also if you take your top off they'll cream quicker!  Try it on your date!  Just try to keep your clothes on for a couple dates or he'll think you're a tramp!  Anyways love, gotta run!  I have a meeting at the gym with my trainer!"  

Selena kissed her baby on the cheek leaving Gucci lipstick smears and ran to get her gym clothes to go get her Cream.  Tasha sat and processed all of this fantastic new information.  She couldn't wait until Friday to get some more "Cream" from Jake!
