.butterflies.. as i drive across town to your hotel room.. sitting on the curb outside.. gathering my nerve.. smoking a cigarette.. trying to will myself to get up.. im paralyzed.. not so much with fear.. and certainly not with hesitance.. but, rather, genuine intoxication.. i spot you.. walking towards me.. im nervous..its obvious.. you smile and sit beside me.. not looking at me.. just at the ground.. then you nudge me with your shoulder.. kick my shoe with yours.. finally, you knot your fingers thru mine and we rise.. and i walk, just enough behind you to be ABLE to move.. we cross the lobby.. into the elevator.. you're so good.. still not looking at me.. i creep around behind you.. lace my arms thru yours and bury my face in your neck.. smelling you.. you lean back into me.. and tilt your head to rest on my shoulder.. and we're quiet.. trembling.. ding.. door opens.. you lead me to your room.. card in door.. opens.. inside. close.. lights down.. window curtains drawn. you turn to me.. push my hair behind my ear.. no.. probably i'll have a pencil in it.. and its up.. hmmm. yeah.. you take my face in your hands.. smile.. say hello. then close your eyes.. your thumb and forefinger beneath my chin to raise my head.. im trembling.. thinking you're trembling too.. and you kiss me.. timidly.. soft. quick little kisses.. over and over.. then we embrace.. and, at this point, i'd fucking fall down if you didnt have a hold of me.. stepping forward as i back into the wall.. you take my hands in yours.. then raise them above my head.. holding my wrists with one hand.. and taking the pencil from my hair with the other.. you smile.. put it in your back pocket.. then kiss me again. this time.. with less restraint.. hungry and loud and mouths gaping.. breathless.. my lips, my ears, my neck.. my shoulders.. same free hand now inching my lil sundress up and up and up.. bunching it at my waist as you draw it further upward.. then tuck it behind me, between the small of my back and the wall.. and you tuck your thumb just inside the waist of my panties.. and sigh.. into my mouth.. as you continue to kiss me so deeply, so hungrily.. that i could literally fall down in a puddle.. if not for your support..you part my legs with your knee and the gentle hand perched at my panties wanders so slowly.. down. down. down.. the backs of your knuckles grazes my aching pussy almost like a whisper.. as your palm opens flat to further coax my legs wider.. pressure on my inner thighs.. to gesture i do so.. then back up.. backs of your fingers.. gently tracing the outline of my lips thru the thin, wet cotton.. then finally.. your lips part from mine and you look me in the eyes.. searching for any sign of hesitation.. willing to step back.. but theres none. i close my eyes.. bite my lower lip.. and i feel your forefinger hook the gusset and push it aside.. your hand holding mine in place above my head employs itself tracing along behind my ears, down my jawline.. across my mouth.. to my neck.. my shoulders.. down my belly.. so softly.. so carefully.. then closes into a fist.. to reopen with those fingers we discuss.. and you tap my clit.. gently.. and i draw a quick breath.. you do it again.. and again.. harder each time.. until its a wet, glorious slap.. in perfect sync, my arms fall from overhead, following my hands that now rest on either side of your head as you kneel down before me.. closing your mouth over my pussy.. and breathe hot and deep.. then kiss it, with full tongue.. and moan happily.. pleased that i had told the truth.. im so fucking wet.. my inner thighs glisten.. you lap happily.. like a hungry kitten.. pulling one of my legs up with your palm on the back of my thigh, you look up.. smile.. and bury your middle finger inside me.. slow. in a bit.. then out.. sliding along the slippery folds and to my clit.. then back inside.. a bit further.. then back along the wet, wet path to my clit again.. then a bit further.. and so forth.. until, at last.. youre knuckle deep inside my pussy.. while you nibble my clit expertly.. im trembling.. and breathing deeply.. trying so hard not to cum so soon.. you rise.. looking me in the eyes.. and begin pounding into me with, now, 2 fingers.. its loud.. sloppy.. im so fucking wet.. you breathe thru clenched teeth for me to cum on your hand.. and i do.. immediately.. no longer holding back.. you press your body into mine and continue your rhythmic fingering.. until you no longer feel the contractions of my tight, hot cunt around your fingers.. and you remove them.. offering them to my lips.. i suck them clean.. then we kiss again.. and you taste me.. for the first time.. and the urgency heightens.. i drop to my knees as you fumble with your belt, your zipper.. then let your pants drop to the floor.. taking my face, at my jaw.. fingers behind my ear.. you lead me to your waiting cock. i take it in my small,  skilled hand and stroke from the head to the base.. release.. head to base.. release.. quickly.. smoothly. while i suckle your balls into my mouth gently.. and roll them on my tongue.. then i begin from the base.. with my tongue.. and lap at the entire length of the shaft..ending at the base with a gentle flick along that sensitive ridge just below the your bell end.. the full mouth.. opened.. sucking deeply as i swallow you, inch by inch, til its entirety is in my mouth.. touching my throat.. you wipe a tear from my cheek as you hear me gagging for the first time.. on a mouthful of your swollen cock.. im now bobbing my head  like a perfect little cocksucker.. wet and loud and sloppy.. tugging your balls.. and even moving back to trace a ring finger along your asshole.. its nice and slippery too.. with the mess from my busy mouth. i open my mouth now, wide.. and remain still. you take my hair in a closed fist and begin fucking my face now.. gagging and gurgling and swallowing.. that hollow glorious sound that can only be made with a woman who loves feeling her tonsils against the head of her man's cock.. over and over and over.. sigh.. i hear your breath change and you part your legs for stability.. i take advantage at just the right time.. slipping just the tip of an index finger inside you and pressing to the side..pressure just...fucking..so.. and i work a quick sense of friction into that perfect spot.. and you explode in my mouth.. so much that it spews from my nose.. and i suck deeply. closing my mouth again.. swallowing over and over.. until you've emptied your balls into the back of my throat.. and you collapse onto your knees in front of me.. and we just catch our breath.. and nibble one another.. and hold one another close.. 'hey, mel'.. 'hey, john'.. laughs and sighs.. comfortable.. high.. we clumsily pick ourselves up from the floor.. i smooth my dress down.. and you pull your pants back up halfheartedly.. we sit. we smoke.. then you're pulling my from my chair.. and you untie the staps of my dress and pull it down.. keeping check on my eyes.. my face.. my reactions.. my comfort..it remains gathered at my waist and you pull me in close.. kiss me again.. then reach to pull it further down.. til it falls to my feet and i step out of it.. trembling.. im lead backwards, in a daze,until I'm on my back on the bed.. and you're on top of me. kissing me everywhere.. assuring me.. truly.. that you love what you see.. what you feel.. what you taste.. youve wriggled from your pants again and you brace your weight on your elbows.. you look down at me.. face to face.. i take your cock in my hands.. and guide your head inside me.. we pause.. you bury your face in my my hair.. my hands finding yours and our fingers knotted. you lift and shift your hips..and you ease inside me.. with a mutual, raspy omg.. We remain still.. you feel my wet pussy all around you.. warm and wonderful.. then you rock into and away.. with such finesse.. while kissing me.. deeply.. then you rise.. take the backs of my legs with your palms and push them down to til my knees are at my shoulders..you smile.. and push further.. Your fuckable pretzel.. folded beautifully beneath you.. you have a perfect view of your cock disappearing inside me.. then reappearing.. glistening with cunt honey.. you circle my clit with your thumb as you hold my ankles.. you lift slightly and lean back.. grazing that spot with the underside of your cock head each time you withdraw.. im writhing.. fucking wild with lust.. and pleasure.. i let go of my ankles and straighten my legs before wrapping them around your waist.. i gain purchase to fuck back with desperation.. holding on with arms and legs.. as you hiss with the force in which we collide.. our bodies in perfect sync.. then i grip you tightly and you take the cue.. shifting your weight.. until you're on your back and im on top of you.. bending my knees with my feet flat on the bed.. I begin riding you long and deep.. up and down your shaft, i rise and slam back down onto you. .while rolling my hips in and out.. fluid, perfect movement.. and you feel your balls heavy with another round.. but not yet.. i can read your body now.. the sounds you make.. the way your belly moves.. i pull up enough that you escape me.. and i move to the side while you pull your legs apart and up to your chest.. wrapping your arms around your legs.. to raise up just enough to see if im with you.. but im already covering your asshole with my mouth.. and breathing.. and french kissing, for lack of a better word, your glorious back door.. as i press either side with the thumb of both hands.. penetrating tongue lashings.. then coaxing thumbs.. alternating.. over and over and over.. commanding that asshole to open up for me.. to let me inside.. palms flat on your cheeks now and pulling your them open, i press my face hard into you and nibble.. then suck.. then lap fervently.. then wrist upturned.. i try to enter you.. but your impenetrable.. i wrap a hand around your cock and begin to stroke you firmly.. then continue to attempt a middle finger.. slowly.. so fucking slowly.. you relax and that wet, sloppy entrance appears.. you breath out deeply as i push inside you.. to the first knuckle.. and bend to a come hither.. I slip my finger so easily innnnn and ooooout.. innnn and oooout.. you've taken the reigns and stoke your cock absent mindedly as you lay back and enjoy my full finger.. then two.. twisting, palm up and to each side.. as i fuck you like you've wanted to be fucked.. spitting and licking and sucking and fingering your hungry hole until i think you're going to lose your mind.. keeping my fingers inside you.. i ease my way to standing and you scoot to the edge of the bed.. positioning your legs so that my arm is between them, in front of me.. with middle finger still, best i can manage, inside your asshole, i lower myself onto your lap and impale myself on your raging hard cock.. no resistance at all. i sink to the hilt.. with a loud, obscene slap of thighs against thighs.. sweaty and gooey and glorious.. im planted above you and you're fucking up toward me while i crook my finger and graze that sweet spot inside you with only the firm pressure of its tip on each downward thrust to meet your upward. your forearm is bracing  my body.. hand at my shoulder, elbow at my hipbone.. keeping me from falling over as i focus on that finger in your asshole.. my mind clears.. i reach to my bag.. pull out a hank of 4 beads ranging from larger marble size to the final golf ball or a bit bigger.. and i straighten up.. your cock escapes my soaked pussy as i rise and turn around.. placing one foot up on the bed.. parting myself with a thumb and forefinger.. grinning.. and slowly pushing all 4 inside my glistening pussy.. then use my tummy muscles to slowly, one by one.. push them out.. and into your my mouth.. giving you a nice little whorish show.. letting you get well aquainted with the toy that will soon be filling your beautiful asshole.. you sit up.. and take the beads.. pushing them, again, one by one, inside me.. then pulling them out.. one at at time.. captivated.. you position on all fours for me.. and i take the first.. whilst you spread yourself wide and push it inside of you.. then the next.. loving how your asshole opens to accept it.. then swallows it slowly.. then the next.. then i push down on the small of your back.. and you whimper.. feeling full.. 'breathe out deeply for me', i whisper.. almost unable to speak at all.. so fucking lost in the moment.. and i push with determination.. til you open yourself to it. slowly, so slowly, it accepts my offering.. i use my palm to push it along.. and it sucks in and down.. closing sweetly behind it.. i lay back on the bed and you move, with ease, to your surprise..down onto your back and i straddle you.. twisting my hair and letting it fall down my back.. i gather the right end of the hank.. slip down, once again, onto your cock.. slick as hell.. cos im positively drenched... and ride you hard.. meeting your thrusts.. fucking furiously.. deep.. i pull the first bead from you.. being still now for the second.. so you can feel it.. hear it.. you can feel my pussy tighten in foreboding spasm.. around your cock.. it jerks with delight as the 3rd makes its way from your hole.. 'im gonna cum; fuck me slow' you whisper.. and i oblige.. up and back, down and forward.. round, fluid motion of my hips.. then straight up and down.. deep. quick.. then more shallow.. with greater pace.. youve taken my hips and you're using my body to fuck yourself at this point.. while i watch for the signs.. see them.. take hold of the string and pull slowly.. til you growl.. and just before you explode, i pull it out quick.. with a wet, sloppy POP.. and you fill me with your thick, hot cum.. it oozes out all around.. gushing with each thrust.. and you feel me cum too.. warm and liquid and fragrant..a well fucked, sated pussy smells amazing, no? Its filling the air.. and my back is arched.. biting my lip.. closing my eyes.. guarding my breath.. using each one to hold on to every wave of delirium as long as i possibly can before my belly again tightens and my pussy grips your cock with the next`wave.. we both cum for a minute or more.. and collapse.. falling asleep with you still inside me. 
