Tina had thought that sitting through Mr. Schuester's horrible Spanish class on Monday was going to be torture, but luckily, she was called out of class only fifteen minutes in. She took the note in hand and walked to Coach Sylvester's office, knowing that she was doomed, that the whole world was about to change in just one moment. She held her breath until she entered the office.

The woman looked up, raising an eyebrow in Tina's direction. "Have you made your decision?" she asked.

"I'm going to do it," Tina said, sitting down and waiting for details.

She would not get them. Sue gestured for her to stand up and she did, finding herself unable to resist the commanding presence of the woman. "Alright," she said. "Tonight, after school, you are to write a suicide note for yourself and the boy and leave it where your entire household will find it - leave the note at midnight. Then, you and the boy will head to the old Church on Oakdale immediately after. You will run into Brittany there, and she will help you the rest of the way."

"But what-"

Sue held up a hand. "No questions, missy," she siad. "Now get back to that pathetic waste of oxygen's class."

Tina returned to Spanish, feeling slightly sick to her stomach. It was really going to happen.

The rest of the day was a blur and before Tina knew it she was back with Mike. He sat with her while she wrote the letter that would change everything, softly reminding her more than once that she didn’t have to do it and that he didn’t expect anything from her.

I hate the world.

Tina wrote those words and breathed deep, as they reflected so true. Sure, Tina was not suicidal and would not ever think of killing herself, even to end the torture that she was going through, but she hated the world with everything in her. She hated that she could not be who she wanted to and that Mike could be treated as a piece of property.

I hate that the man I love is a piece of property and I hate that I’m supposed to own him. I tried owning him in the beginning and maybe I got a little thrill from having so much control – but this slavery thing isn’t right, not at all.

Tina knew that it was true. When she had first met Mike she had thought with her lust, her desire and the hormones that were natural for a girl her age. She also got off on power because she had been trained to do so. She had been trained that he was hers and that she was entitled to him. She had been a spoiled brat before she looked into his eyes.

I love him and I wish that I had an opportunity to live with him, free, and live the life we want. I don’t think I’ll ever get that opportunity.

That was also not a lie. Tina knew that in the world they lived in, they would never have that chance. Or else, civil war would happen and they would have that chance but not now, not while she was seventeen and so deeply in love with Mike. She needed freedom now. She would go insane otherwise.

Mike and I agreed that this world is not a place that either of us want to live. It is truly best if we end it here. It’s the only way that he and I can ever be happy.

Tina bit her lip as tears welled up in the corners of her eyes. This was so hard. She swallowed and shut her eyes even tighter for a moment. Mike tightened his grip around her, mumbling once again, “Tina, you don’t have to do this.”

“I want to do this,” she said, finishing the letter.

Mama, Daddy, Nina, I love you guys okay? I didn’t want to do this but I had to. Mike and I deserve to be happy and hopefully there’s a place beyond that we can be happy.

Love your Tina.

She broke into sobs when she finished, but pushed the letter aside so that it would not be ruined. She leaned into Mike’s shoulder and cried, while he held her and rubbed her shoulder lightly. “It’s so awful Mike,” she whispered, her eyes still shut. “It’s so awful that aside from wanting to die, everything in that letter is so true. I hate the world, I hate what I was and I hate that I can’t just say that I love you and have everyone be okay with it.”

“I hate it too, Tina,” Mike mumbled low. “I hate that you’re willing to lose everything for me. In fact, I don’t even understand it, you know that?”

“There is a lot for me to lose,” Tina mumbled, “but it’s not everything. The way that things are going, I’ll probably be married to a gay man before the end of high school. I don’t think that I can even begin to live my dreams here, and all my dreams include you.”

“Still I feel…”

“You don’t need to feel guilty,” she mumbled. “This hurts, but it would hurt worse to never be what I want to be with you. This is worth the risk.”

She sighed and opened her eyes again, glancing at the letter, which was sitting there and tormenting her. “I’m going to go say goodnight to my mom and dad. I’ll be back.”

Tina found her parents together and it seemed so final. She held back tears as she approached them. “Hi,” she mumbled softly, to get their attention. She could not break down or cry, but the fact that she seemed hesitant and disturbed would only help them believe she had ended her life, she supposed. Her parents looked up at her, confused.

She loved them both but she had been so distant from them lately.

“Tina, are you alright?” her mother asked softly.

Tina swallowed and nodded. “Yep, I’m alright,” she said sadly. “I just felt like coming down and saying goodnight. I’m gonna go to bed early tonight, since I’m not…feeling too well.”

“Oh, goodnight dear,” her father answered.

Tina hugged them both, quickly, kissing her mom on the cheek. She hugged her parents for as long as she could, but she knew that she had to let go of her life to really live. She got up and smiled at them weakly, before turning back and heading towards her room.

When she got back, Mike was there and she practically collapsed in the tight hold of his arms. “Oh I love you Mike,” she said, breathing heavily.