Sins of the Father
I suppose it all began with a compliment made to me by my best
friend, Pushpa, on our way home from school about six months ago. I
had just gotten myself a date with Bobby, the best looking boy in the
class. Pushpa was happy for me and not at all envious when she said:

'Becky, you're such a beautiful girl. I'll bet you could have any man
you wanted in, like, the entire world.'

I smiled appreciatively but said nothing.

'Well, any man except one that is,' Pushpa added.

I was a bit put out by this remark, following on as quickly as it did
from her previous praise. And I think my puzzled expression coaxed
Pushpa into explaining herself.

'Your dad, silly.' She began. 'You could have anybody you wanted
except him.'

We both laughed out loud at my previous concern that I was losing my
touch, and that there might actually be a man out there impervious to
my charms.

I said goodbye to Pushpa at my front door and went up to my room. The
thought of what she had said still nagged a little in my brain. It
got me wondering. I began to ask myself whether I could make all men
available to me, 100 per cent. I mean, could I, if I wanted that is,
also seduce my dad? He's an ordinary, average father sure, but he's
also a man, with a man's desires. I found myself thinking about
whether an ordinary father, any father, would be willing to have sex
with a daughter, if that daughter made it clear to the father that
that was her wish and intention. I mean, if the daughter flaunted
herself in front of the father so much and so blatantly that she was,
by implication, giving the father the big green light. Would that
ordinary father go for it? Would my dad go for it? All of a sudden,
that question was becoming less of an academic poser and more of a
practical challenge.

At dinner that evening, I found myself looking at dad in a way I had
never done before. He was around mid-fifties I guess. He and PADMA
had married late in life. He was just a normal guy. He liked his
beer, and was massively overweight because of it. I mean gross. But
he was a kind man with a friendly, happy face. He liked watching
football and having his buddies come round for poker. Like I said,
he's just an average dad.

That night, as I lay in bed, I began to think more on the subject of
seduction. If dad had been just a guy in the street, a stranger, then
I could have him easy. Just a flutter of the eyes, a longer than
necessary look, or maybe a flash of thigh is all it would take. But
dad wasn't just a guy in the street; he was my dad, the man who made
me. Surely it would be impossible for me to seduce him. I mean, what
about the risks? What if he was to tell PADMA? No, he would never
tell PADMA. She might think that he had made all the running and he'd
get the blame himself. PADMA would always believe me, I knew that.
But it could turn out that he would turn me down and never speak to
me again, and I couldn't stand that. But could he refuse such an open
invitation if it was just the once? Could any father?

I had an uncomfortable sleep that night. I couldn't get dad out of my
mind. More to the point, I couldn't get any peace from my own
question; could I have him if I wanted him? By the time morning came,
I knew in my mind that I would have to try. I would offer sex to my
dad, and after he had accepted, and I had proved to myself that I
could literally have any man that I wanted, I would smile kindly, and
tell him that it had just been an experiment. Nobody would be hurt
and my conscience would be clear. I would set about my plan right
away.

My opportunity came the following Wednesday evening. PADMA works for
a chain of supermarkets as a checkout operator and shelf stacker.
Most of her shifts are daytime, but on Wednesday's she is required to
work from 6 p.m. to 2 am in the morning. On these days she leaves me
to prepare dinner for dad and I. That Wednesday, when dad got home
from work, he saw me in my first attempt at his seduction. I had
rushed home from school, showered, put on some light make-up, and
dressed in a short, red baby doll nightie and a pair of matching
kitten heeled slippers that I had found in PADMA's shoe closet. The
slippers were a bit too big, but as they were backless, that didn't
matter. And they did give me a little more height and make my legs
look better.

The hem of the baby doll outfit came to just below the matching red
panties that I wore underneath. And I knew that as I twirled around
in normal movement, the material was so fine that the nightie
fluttered up to offer tantalising glimpses of my scantily covered
bottom. I was very aware of dad's eyes upon me right from the outset,
and half expected him to ask me to go cover up. But, I guess the eye
candy was too good to resist and, though he didn't make any comment
either way, I knew that I had got him interested. I went to bed that
night, having first returned PADMA's slippers, confident that I would
soon have dad exactly where I wanted him.

For the following two Wednesday evenings, I performed similar shows
in front of dad. On the second occasion, I wore a short white halter
neck tennis dress with a pair of PADMA's white high heeled sling
backs, and for the third Wednesday, I wore the same shoes (all of
PADMA's pumps just slipped off me) with a pink boob tube and a pair
of tight white shorts. The fact that I was wearing sandals borrowed
from PADMA's wardrobe, and that I only dressed like this when we were
alone, must have given dad some hint of my intentions. But although
he had begun to stare at my body with less and less self awareness,
and now didn't turn away whenever I caught his gaze, dad still hadn't
given me the opportunity to make a pass at him. I decided at the end
of that third week that the following Wednesday would hail a bolder
daughter.

That day arrived and I was so very excited at what might occur as a
result of my stronger approach. When dad came into the house, I was
just putting his dinner on the table. This time I was wearing a
simple, high cut, powder blue slip dress, matching thongs and the
same white high heeled sandals of PADMA's. I sat in the chair
opposite the dining table whilst dad ate. I made sure that the light
dress had risen well up my thighs as I crossed my legs towards dad's
deliberate gaze. I was thrilled with the fact that he was now
blatantly staring at my body.

At about eight o'clock, with butterflies of nervousness and
excitement in my tummy, I got up and sat on the couch very close to
dad. Summoning up courage, I took hold of his hand and spoke:

'Daddy, could I ask you for some confidential advice?'

'Sure' dad replied, looking intently at the cleavage that my small
breasts were making in the dress.

'You've got to promise me, though, that this will be just between the
two of us. I mean, PADMA knows the person that I'm going to talk to
you about, and I especially wouldn't want her to know about this'.

Dad hesitated for a second before promising that he would tell nobody
else. So I continued in my conspiratorial tone.

'Well, Daddy, there's this girl in my class called Marjorie. She's
told me that she's recently started to have funny feelings about this
older man she knows. She knows him very well, in fact.'

I stared into dad's eyes, searching for any trace that I should stop.
I need not have bothered, because at my hesitation in the
conversation, he told me to carry on.

'Well, she's recently been trying to get the attention of this older
man, hoping that he'll make a pass at me. Er, her', I let slip
accidentally on purpose. Dad's eyes widened at my faux pas, and I was
starting to get wet in my panties at the thought of the way I was
propositioning my own dad.

'Anyway', I continued, giving dad my best Bambi eyes, 'for the passed
few weeks when Marjorie and this older man have been alone, she's
been trying to get him to make a pass at her by wearing sexy clothes
for him. But so far, the man hasn't made a move towards her and she
wanted me to ask you what I, I mean what she, should do next'.

Dad looked at me for a minute, and I began to fear that I had gone
too far. I had made it perfectly clear with my two deliberate errors
of personal pronoun that I was talking about me and him. To act as
some kind of encouragement, I let my hand rest on dad's thigh. He
looked down at it and then started to speak.

'Maybe your friend, Marjorie, hasn't made it clear enough to this
older man that she wants him to respond to her flirtations. Maybe
this older man wants her as much, but is afraid to make the first
move in case his instincts are wrong and he gets into trouble. Maybe
it would be a good time for you, I mean your friend, to tell this
older man exactly where he stands.'

I was now almost wetting myself with excitement as dad sparred
suggestions with me and threw in a deliberate mistake of his own. I
let go of his leg and stood up in front of him.

'Thanks for the advice, Daddy.' I began in a slow, husky
voice. 'PADMA won't be home for hours yet. Maybe I'll go upstairs,
get out of this dress, and get in touch with Marjorie. Maybe the
older man will take the hint this time.'

As I turned on my high heels, giving dad a glimpse of my ass, I
smiled coyly at him and left to go to my room.

I entered my bedroom and put on a slow, sexy CD. I sat on the bed
wondering if I had done the right thing. I had just told my own
father that I fancied him and wondered if he would take the bait. Two
minutes later, as the door to my bedroom opened and dad came in, I
got my answer. He stood motionless, staring at me as I sat on the
bed. I got up slowly and, smiling seductively, walked over the room
and stood in front of him. Even with that fat beer belly hanging over
his belt, I could see the bulge of dad's dick giving away the arousal
he felt at being in his own daughter's room.

I turned my back to dad, offering him my zipper. I shuddered as he
took hold of it and at that first realisation of what he wanted to do
to me. I felt the air hit my bare back as the zipper reached its
lowest point. I knew what I had to do. I would take off the dress,
let him see my boobs, maybe even let him grope me a little. Then I
would say it had all been a big mistake and that we should stop
before it goes too far. I would at least be able to say to myself
that no man, not even my own father, could escape my charms. I would
never be able to tell Pushpa, of course, but I would know.

I walked a few paces away from dad before turning around to face him.
I brought my hands up to the two thin shoulder straps that were
holding my dress loosely against my body, and slowly let them fall
off my arms. The flimsy dress fell to my feet. My small boobs heaved
as I stood in front of my own father's lustful glare.

Dad's face was almost unrecognisable as he ran those crazed eyes over
his daughter's body. His usual kindly face had been replaced by one
of sheer carnal lust. So his next words really didn't come as any
surprise:

'Take off your panties, Becky.' He ordered, brusquely.

I hesitated for a second or two. I hadn't intended for it to go this
far. Dad repeated his instruction for me to remove my G-string even
more forcefully, and at the same time had begun to remove his shirt.
It must have been the excitement of this forbidden, secret, and
utterly naughty PADMAent that made me reply as I did:

'No, Daddy. You take them off me.'

Dad's shirt was now off and laying on the floor. Then he kicked his
shoes off and started to unbutton his pants. I could hardly believe
the situation I was in; it felt like I was watching it all happen to
someone else. As the trousers fell to his feet, dad stood out of them
and moved towards me in just his shorts and white socks. He must have
been twice my weight and, even in PADMA's four inch heels, dad was
over a foot taller than me. He was close enough for me to smell the
musk of his sweat, and the bulge in his shorts betrayed his own
excitement. I stared as dad tucked his thumbs into the waistband of
his underpants and began to pull them down. The material struggled
over his erect phallus and I knew that any second now, dad's manhood
would be visible to me for the first time. When it did spring out
into the air, all hard, hairy and twitching, I heard myself gasp.

'You want this, Becky', dad teased.

I looked up into his maniac's eyes and just nodded.

Dad sat down on the edge of the bed, grabbed my right arm in one of
his big hands and pulled me towards him. As I stood motionless before
him, he moved his hands up my arms to my shoulders. Dad slowly moved
his hands to my neck. Then he gently gripped my throat, but the look
on his face told me that he wanted to squeeze me roughly. As his
fingers wandered down to my breasts, and he began to maul them, I
squirmed with delight and started to coo. Suddenly, I was propelled
closer towards him. Dad's fat, sweaty face was rubbing against the
soft skin of my petite bosom. His bristles chafed against my tender
flesh, but, as dad started to suck and chew on my nipples, I found my
own hands were clasping the back of his head, forcing him closer to
me.

Whilst we were occupied in this fashion, I felt dad's hands move down
the curve of my spine and onto my ass. He gripped my soft cheeks
until I knew they would be red and pitted where his nails had dug
into the skin. Then dad's thumbs were underneath the thin waistband
of my G-string, and he was pulling them down over my narrow hips,
exposing my love box. Dad only allowed me enough time to get one leg
out of my panties, leaving them dangling on the other foot, as he
pulled me onto the bed so that my legs straddled his waist and my
pussy was positioned directly over his throbbing penis. Grabbing my
slender waist in his powerful hands, dad pulled me closer to his
shaft. He had to lean back to get his belly out of the way as he
guided his love dart towards my dripping wet hole. I gasped at the
first touch of dad's hard, moist helmet against my vulva. Then I
heard myself speaking for the first time in minutes:

'Put it in me, Daddy.' I pleaded. 'Put all of it into your naughty
little daughter.'

Then, with my pussy in the perfect position, and shrieking a loud,
animal like grunting sound, dad pulled me down onto his meat and
filled me up. My head fell against dad's chest, as he gripped me
underneath my ass cheeks and began to hump me up and down.

We were both sweating like pigs as my small, flat belly rubbed
against dad's fat, hairy body. I pulled my head away from dad's chest
to look down at his bulk as it wobbled against me. As the
perspiration dripped from our faces and onto our bodies, Dad pulled
his lips to me and found my mouth. I opened it invitingly for him. We
moved our heads violently back and forth in an effort to find the
position that would allow our tongues to enter the other's mouth as
deeply as possible. As I noisily swapped my saliva with dad's, I
became aware of the equally noisy slapping of my sweat covered thighs
as they bounced against dad's powerful thrusting movements. After
four or five minutes of fucking like this, I felt the familiar tingle
of an oncoming climax. I was encouraging dad to bang me harder and
faster. He couldn't get any faster in this position, so, picking me
up as if I was a child, dad carried me over to the wall and wedged me
up against it. In this position he could really fuck his daughter as
hard as he wanted, and it was this increase in rhythm that finally
got me screaming in ecstasy.

As my orgasm got ever nearer, I heard myself begging dad not to stop.

'Don't worry, baby,' he began, 'your Daddy's going to give you all
you ever wanted.

Cum for Daddy, there's a good girl.'

Listening to my own dad talking to me like this, as he banged away at
the fruit of his own loins, finally sent me over the edge. The
prickly heat washed all over my shuddering body as I howled in the
throes of an orgasm. Dad brought his fat, sweaty lips to mine again
as I trembled uncontrollably in his strong arms. As he violently
kissed me, I sensed his own explosion was not too far away.

Suddenly, dad lifted me off his prick and I had to unwrap my legs
from around his huge torso. Taking hold of me under my arms, and
ordering me to keep me feet off the ground, dad lowered me to the
floor. I sat against the wall, still wedged between it and dad's
legs, and looked up at the giant in front of me. As sweat dripped
from my soaking hair onto my shoulders, dad's right hand went to his
dick. Grabbing the shaft, he began to pull it up and down. It's big,
purple head and blue veined rod, that up until a minute ago had been
scraping away at my insides, was now pointed at my face. To steady
himself, dad put his left hand against the wall above me, bent his
knees slightly and stood on tiptoes. As he started to masturbate with
greater speed, I could see traces of precum slide out of the slit at
the top of his knob. I could see dad's face becoming more and more
contorted as he fought to hold back the inevitable and prolong the
feelings of pleasure. Bending his knees still further, dad positioned
the tip of his prick very close to my mouth. I looked up at him with
my best, innocent, doe like eyes, and licked my lips. That did it.
Dad managed to get his order out just in time:

'Open'

My lips parted, and dad got his bell end into my mouth just as his
big, hairy balls started to empty their load. Using both hands now to
lean against the wall, dad's dick throbbed in my mouth. The warm,
salty liquid gushed over my tongue and mostly down my throat. Some of
it escaped my lips and slid over my chin. I grabbed hold of dad's
meat and squeezed out the last few drops of his semen as, above me,
he trembled and buckled. I left his tool in my mouth as dad hovered
above me trying to recover his breathing. As his penis went limp, I
let it slide out from between my lips.

Dad left my room without saying a word. The next morning at
breakfast, he and PADMA and I sat around silently eating and
drinking. I gave dad a few looks but was generally too embarrassed to
talk to him. It was dad's voice that finally broke the silence. He
turned to PADMA.

'Good night at work, honey?' Dad asked, innocently.

'Yes, easy.' PADMA began. ' Evening shifts always are better than
days.'

You know what, honey,' dad continued, 'I think you should tell your
boss today that you'd like to do more night work. You deserve not to
work so hard.'

PADMA nodded agreement and said she'd mention it today. Dad looked
over to me. He smiled. I wondered what I had let myself in for.

