MARTINET PUNISHMENT

BY DOCTOR J

Continued from Kevin's Ass-Whipping

Aunt Sally and Uncle Peter had very strict ideas regarding
Punishment of Children -- especially for morally grievous sins
like Masturbation! When any of their own gorgeous offspring were
caught "red handed," it meant the culprit would soon be sporting
a blazing red Backside-- and Frontside too! Naturally, the
Chastisement would be administered in front of the Whole Family
along with any Guests present!

This was to ensure that the Discipline be not only Painful, but
Humiliating-- and a strong lesson for the other Children
witnessing. Kevin, along with his Aunt and Uncles' other
Children, were now eagerly awaiting beautiful young Devin about
to get his just desserts from Uncle Peter.

Again, the rules were simple-- and followed to the letter! ALL
PUNISHMENTS IN THIS HOME WERE SPANKINGS AND/OR SEVERE WHIPPINGS
APPLIED TO THE AREA UNDER THE CHILD'S UNDERWEAR!!!.

This of course meant that the Underwear had to come completely
off, so as not to obstruct the areas to be Disciplined in any
way. There could be no hindrance to the loving kisses of
Chastisement; no barrier to limit their stinging effectiveness on
Child Behavior!

It was particularly important that the ENTIRE AREA UNDER THE
CHILD'S UNDERWEAR be well attended to when the crime was
Masturbation. . .

Accordingly, gorgeous Devin was now positioned pinioned over the
"Spanking Chair," with his prominent Buttocks open to the
Family's eager eyes. His slightly Freckled face was blushed and
little beads of sweat formed on the bridge of his angelic nose. A
tear formed in each eye and ran down his high cheekbones. His
brilliant Red Hair was matted down in a Beattle's style on his
gleaming forehead. His Body was trembling slightly, and his
Buttocks involuntarily Yawed Open as the command from Uncle Peter
to "Spread Your Legs Further" reverberated through the Family
Den. Now his Boyish, but growing Penis and Testicles could be
clearly observed by Kevin and the Family to be dangling between
his perspiring Thighs. The Penis was now semi-erect, and spasmed
slightly with each of Devin's waitful heartbeats. Uncle Peter now
stood to the left side behind Devin, and lifted the glistening
Martinet with his right hand. The shiny Tails splayed out as he
figured the proper distance to reach every nook and cranny of
Devin's jutting Plump Backside. The Whipping was now Beginning!
The Family watched trance-like, their hands surreptitiously
covering their moisening crotches. . .

Thhhhhhwwwwwikkkk!!!! Whistled the Martinet. It landed square on
Devin's Bubble Butt, with the Tails separating to strike at
varying targets. One luminous Tail landed across the Plumpest
portion of the Right Buttocks, leaving a Red Wheal. Another
flipped back to Scorch a spot of the Left Buttock, leaving a
dime- size Red mark. With amazing supple grace, a third Tails
dove directly into the deep Crease between the Yawing Buttocks,
while the fourth somehow came up from underneath, between Devin's
Thighs, to loudly SMACK against the dangling Genitals!
YEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! Shrieked Devin, as he gyrated his Buttocks in
a small circular pattern-- without loosing his Stance. To do so
would necessitate the Punishment to begin from scratch!

Sweeeeeickkkkk!!!! Came down the gleaming Martinet again-- this
time two Tails landed on across the lower portion of the Right
Buttock. .. and two Tails snapped back on the Left Buttock to
leave a total of 4 bright Pink Stripes. EEEEEEEEKKKKKKK!!!!
yelled Devin in a high pitched squeal. Now the Buttocks moved up
and down, the dangling Genitals bouncing frantically in time.
Still, Devin knew enought to hold his legs in position!

Swwwwwaaaakkkkk!!!!! The Martinet now aimed low, with two tails
hitting the gaping Rosebud Boyhole and two striking the Youthful
Genitals-- one apparently hitting the mark on the Scrotum and the
other gracing Devin's increasingly turgid Penis, which now had
grown to its full 4 inch Glory.

"This is what happens in this Home to Children who Sin by Playing
with Themselves!" announced Aunt Sally as all eyes remained fixed
on the dramatic Punishment Scene unfolding before them. . . Kevin
was fascinated as he drank in the wild contortions of Devin's
Pert Buttocks, Ball Sac and Willy-- amazed how his younger Cousin
could keep in position so well! He noticed a wet spot forming
near his zipper area. . .

Weeeeeiiiipppppp!!! Sang the Martinet-- Again and Again!!! Uncle
Peter was Punishing his pretty Cousing in earnest! Tears were
rolling down his Cherubic Face, while the Impudent Buttocks Yawed
Open and then attempted to Contract- - only to be met with
another Firery Kiss of the Martinet!!! The Entire Buttock Area
was decorated with thin Red Welts, which were equally distributed
into the Crevice, along the Perineum, on the Back of the Scrotum
and the Underside of Devin's Stiffy-- which bobbled up and down
continuously now as though wishing to escape his wiggling Ball
Sac. The Buttocks Gyrated madly as Devin fought to keep his feet
properly Spread so that the Punishment could have maximum effect,
as Uncle Peter and Aunt Sally demanded.

After about 20 strokes of the Martinet, Uncle Peter commanded
Devin to Rise up off the Spanking Chair. Devin immediately
grabbed his Red Hot Buttocks, one with each Hand, and did a most
spectacular Spanking Dance with his Willy and Balls flying about
in all directions. Especially intriguing was the way the
tumescent Penis pointed here, there, and everywhere as Devin
danced. The gawking Family was mesmerized!

"Peter," Aunt Sally spoke up again, "I see You did a most
excellent job on Devin's naughty Backside, but his Front is still
mostly untouched. . . I think we need to Complete the Job!" Uncle
Peter nodded in agreement."You are right, Sally, we must give
Devin the full measure of his Punishment for Masturbation!"
Kevin's jaw had dropped as he watched agape, along with his
Cousins.

Devin looked at his Mom, and then Dad, in Horror. This could only
mean one thing! A Full Genital Whipping!!! "No, Mom, Dad, No
Please Not THAT!!!" cried out Devin as the news that his
Punishment was far from over overcame him. But Uncle Peter was
resolute. This Naughty Boy must have Full Genital Punishment for
Masturbation, so that he would learn his lesson about the wicked
sin of self-pleasure. Uncle Peter and Aunt Sally were firm in the
belief the this loving treatment would (eventually!) cure their
wayward Children-- while purifying them from this evil Sin
forever!

Tearful Devin slowly walked back to the Spanking Chair, under the
Whole Family's watchful gaze, to take his new Punishment
Position. . . 
