The Extra Door in the Girls' Locker Room - Part 1
Author: Sara Sanders


   Every day before and after gym class I walk pass a locked door in our
locker room.  No one had a clue as to what was behind the door or why it
was locked.  Of course this sparked my curiosity.  As the days went by the
urge to know what was behind the door grew.  I made it my quest to find out
what was behind the door.  Then one day after swim practice, as I was
coming out of the locker room I noticed the janitors cart with a large ring
of keys.  I knew that this could be my only chance so I grabbed the keys
and ran back inside.  No one else was around because I stayed late a
practice today so I didn't have to worry about someone catching me.  I took
me several minutes to find the key.  When I did, I was so excited.  To my
surprise I found steeps leading down into the dark.  I found the light
switch and went down.  The place had an old musty smell like no one had
been down here for years.  It was an old basement for the school.  The
floors and walls were plain concrete.  There was a large hot water heater
under our shower room and there were two doors.  One was in the direction
of guys' locker room, one was towards the pool and the other one was in the
direction of the gym.  As I looked round, I noticed some old clothes piled
in the corner of the room.  It was mainly old girls clothes like bra,
panties, swimsuits, and a few towels.  But what caught my attention was a
red dress, like someone would where to a school dance.  The strange part
was that a bra and pair of panties was still inside of the dress; like the
girl had just disappeared and left the clothes.

   Then without warning I felt something bite my leg.  I saw a spider the
size of my hand run into the pile of clothes.  I tossed the dress and
jumped back.  It soon felt like the room was spinning.  After a couple of
minutes the dizziness wore off and I was able to stand up.  That's when I
noticed that something was drastically wrong.  The size of the basement was
much larger.  Actually I had shrunk down and to make matters worse I was
now naked.  My clothes didn't shrink with me.  At least this explained the
pile of clothes but created a hundred other questions.  I heard something
behind me and I was afraid to turn around.  When I did, I saw a giant
spider towering over me.  I screamed and ran but tripped over my now giant
bra strap.  I was an easy catch for the spider who wrapped a few strands of
web around me.  It didn't look like much but it was enough to keep me from
escaping.  The spider dragged me over to the wall under a water pipe and
rolled me into its web.  I noticed three sacks of spider eggs also in the
nest.

   Then I heard someone walking around in the basement.  It was the
janitor! He walked over to my pile of clothes and picked up his keys.  Then
he just kicked my clothes into the clothes pile.  Next he walked over to
the pipe that ran along the wall and shined a flashlight.  It didn't take
him too long to locate me and pull me out of the web.  I was so glad to be
saved I almost didn't notice the small cage he had in his hand.  He placed
me into the cage and closed it up.  It was like he had planned everything.
The janitor brought me into a room under the gym.  I was scared to think
what he intended to do with me.  When he pulled me out of the cage he tied
my legs and arms down to a wood table with some string.  Then he took
pictures of me.  I was like a science experiment to him.  Then it started;
he used a dual pencil to penetrate my twat.  At first it hurt, and then I
started to get wet.  I couldn't believe that I was being fucked with a
pencil.  This went on for several hours before he stopped and left me
there. I laid there for an hour before I noticed that the string on my
right arm was coming loose.  I struggled for several more minutes before
untying myself from the table.  My twat was sore and covered in pencil
marks.

   I crawled down from the table and ran into the next room.  It was the
space under the pool.  I heard the janitor back in the room and by the
noise he was looking for me.  After a few minutes he gave up looking in
that room and moved into another one.  It wasn't too long after that I felt
the space getting smaller.  I was returning back to normal after the spider
bite.  I began to look around for a way out other than by the spider or the
janitor.  I noticed some light coming from the pool itself.  When I checked
it I noticed a glass peep hole.  He was checking us out while we were
swimming!  I had been there all night and I could see the girls that went
to early swim practice.  I knew that I had to get out of here before the
janitor found me.  I went back into the space under our locker room and ran
to the steeps only to find the door had been locked from the outside.  I
was naked and trapped down here with that spider and maybe the janitor.




   
