Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Models Chapter Two: Taking Control of the Slutty Models
Summary: Jeb realizes he can be the only one able to comment in chat and have complete control over the hot models. And his bitchy boss.
Keyword: MF Fsolo MMMF MMF FF mc oral creampie facial anal A2M rim DP titty ws spank inter orgy exhib voy

Jeb Martins

I shut down the chat on the Instagram Live Stream so only mods (which was me) could comment. I should have done this earlier. Why should random strangers get to control the sexy models currently being gangbanged on the runway?

I should get that power.

Don't ask me why comments typed in the chat caused the models to do whatever was typed. It had started out so innocently with Anastasia coming out on stage to model her swimsuit. She was a tall and busty Nordic beauty. She couldn't even see the chat, but that didn't stop her from showing off her breasts and suckling on a nipple.

After that, it had gotten more and more depraved until there were seven models all getting fucked on stage. Alexandra, Zelda, Champagne, Jamie Lanford, Evelyn, Aaliyah, and Martina. They were all out there getting taken hard. Aaliyah rode a cock, her dusky tits heaving. Martina's big boobs heaved as a photographer came on her boobs. Petite Evelyn had a dick in all three holes while coffee-skin Champagne was deep-throating one cock while taking another in the asshole.

This was so insane. I loved it. I had jerked off so hard, but now it was time for me to take control.
Only there was all this shouting coming from backstage. I was in the control booth, looking down on the runway, but I could still hear the designer's shrill anger. Amandin was a complete cunt. She was a bossy bitch that never was satisfied. And it was clear she wasn't happy.

Make this stop right now! she cried in her Swiss accent. Get out there and hose them down! I don't care what you have to do, Casey! Just get it done!

Yes, Ms. Amandin, whimpered the poor assistant to the tyrant. I wanted to shut Amandin up so I could...

Would it work? A shiver ran through me. I bet it would work. I grabbed the keyboard and typed into the chat, Amandin will put her bitch-mouth to good use by sucking Jeb's cock up in the control booth!

I hit enter. My words appeared in the chat. The only new comment that had appeared. Oh, there were fifteen million unique users watching the Live Stream now, and it was growing. I don't know how Instagram hadn't shut it done. It was straight up hardcore porn now.

Footsteps rushed up the stairs. Heels. I turned and smiled as Amandin appeared. The bitch wore a tight-fitting designer dress of her own make and design. It hugged her tall and curvy form. She was nearly six feet tall, her lips pinched forward into a bitchy grimace as she rushed to me.

I have to put my bitch-mouth to good use! she said and grabbed my chair, turning me as she dropped to her knees. She engulfed my dick. 

I groaned as the bitch swallowed my cock. She slid her hot mouth down my dick. The pleasure shot down to my nuts. I groaned, my face twisting with delight as she suckled on me. She nursed with a powerful hunger. An intensity.

She never half-assed anything.

I groaned, leaning back in my computer chair and just enjoyed her hot mouth working up and down my cock. She suckled on me with hunger. Her mouth worked up and down my dick with such pure pleasure. I loved every moment of it.

I slid my hand through her black hair while loving what she did to me. She suckled hard on me as another set of footsteps crept up the stairs. I groaned loudly, not hiding the delight I received from my bitchy boss. The designer now loved my cock.

Casey gasped in shock as she watched Amandin suckle on my dick. I winked at her as I enjoyed the hot mouth working up and down my shaft. She suckled on my cock with passion. I would nut in her mouth.

That's it, Amandin, I groaned. That's what your bitch-mouth is good for. Sucking dicks! I glanced at Casey. And licking pussy. I winked at her.

She just watched on wide-eyed. She didn't know what was going on here. 

I reached to the keyboard and typed, Casey gets naked and masturbates to her bitch of a boss finally kneeling and accepting her place. 

The moment I hit enter, Casey pulled off the striped polo she wore, saying, She's finally kneeling and accepting her place. That's so hot!

Yes, it is, I said. Casey wore a yellow bra, bright and cheerful, about her small tits. She reached behind her and unfastened it, unveiling those little B-cup boobies of hers. They had hardly any quiver to them. Oh, yes, this is so hot.

I grinned as she unsnapped her jeans next while kicking off her white tennis shoes. She wiggled out of her panties, a pair of pink panties on. She rolled the jeans off and stepped out of them while Amandin suckled hard on my cock.

Her hot mouth bobbed up and down me as Casey took off her panties, her brown bush dripping with her newfound excitement. Or maybe she'd already been turned on by the orgy. I knew it was an exciting moment to watch. I couldn't blame her for being so wet, she dripped.

She shoved her hand between her thighs and plunged two fingers into pussy. She worked those digits in and out of her snatch as she watched Amandin nursing hard on my cock. Our boss suckled on me with passion.

Damn, she knows how to give head, I groaned. I'm surprised there's something she's good at.

Right? whimpered the cute Casey as she fingered her cunt. Besides designing clothes.

I grinned at her as Amandin swirled her tongue around my cock. Casey groaned and massaged her tit. She rubbed it back and forth, her body quivering. It was such a hot delight to watch. My dick twitched in our boss's mouth.

I glanced at the orgy. The models were all gasping as cum splattered their bodies. Zelda slammed her cunt down a new shaft and pulled two men two her. She sucked from dick to dick as she rode a hard cock like a complete whore. The tan model looked so hot.

Casey whimpered, her eyes locked on Amandin's hot mouth working up and down my dick. My nuts tightened, so eager to just cum in that hot mouth. I couldn't wait to spill my spunk into her. The pressure built and built at the tip.

It wouldn't be long now.

Suck that dick, moaned Casey, her fingers plunging into her cunt. Juices dripped from her knuckles. Yes, yes, just suck that cock. Make Jeb cum!

That's right, I groaned, my nuts twitching. You're about to get a big mouthful of cum, Amandin. Just a huge load of jizz. How does that sound?

She moaned around my cock and suckled with such passion. She nursed on me with hunger. I loved how she suckled on me like that. She had such a hot and delicious mouth. Her tongue swirled around the tip of my cock.

The pressure in my nuts surged toward that eruption point. I gripped Amandin's black hair, holding her to my cock as she bobbed her head. I didn't want her to miss a drop of my cum. The heat hit that bursting point.

I erupted. 

My cum splashed against the back of her throat. I shuddered, the heat crashing into my mind. I groaned, savoring that heat rushing through me and bathing my mind in ecstasy. The pulsing blast of rapture accompanied each spurt of cum into her mouth.

Fuck, yes, swallow my jizz! I groaned.

Yes, yes, yes swallow all that jizz! whimpered Casey. Oh, god!

She trembled, too, her orgasm sweeping through her.

I groaned, watching her cumming as I pumped Amandin's mouth full of cum. I hosed her down as the pleasure surged over my mind. It was an incredible rush to enjoy flooding her thoughts with my spunk.

Yes, I groaned as I fired the last blast of cum into my mouth. Oh, damn, that's good. That was fucking amazing!

She kept sucking at my dick, too. I loved that. I shuddered, my cock not even going soft in her mouth, but... I wanted more. I wanted to fuck one of the models. Champagne... She had such a great ass. So I reached for the keyboard.

Anastasia and Zelda sixty-nine, I typed just for fun, licking the cum out of each other's pussies. Evelyn begs to be jizzed all over like a bukkake whore while Aaliyah wants it up the ass hard. Champagne wants it up the ass, so she comes up to the control booth and begs Jeb to fuck her tight anal sheath. Amandin now will put her bitch-mouth to good use licking out Casey's cunt for being such a bossy twat to her.

I hit enter and Amandin ripped her mouth off my cock as Champagne rose from the man she rose to rush off stage. Anastasia and Zelda headed for each other, too. I watched Amandin crawl toward Casey, grinning.

Casey pulled her fingers out of her twat, her eyes widening in shock. Ms. Amandin?
I loved the power of this chat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anastasia

I knew my fans wanted me to eat out Zelda's sloppy cunt while she did the same to me. My body quivering from my latest orgasm, I spotted Zelda sliding off a man's dick, jizz dripping down her chin. I smiled at her.

It was like she read my mind as she headed to me. I stretched out on my back, cum leaking out of my asshole and pussy. My big, all-natural titties swayed. I gripped the piercings threaded through my nipples and twisted them as Zelda straddled over me.

I know you'll all love watching us sixty-nine and each other's cum-filled cunts, Zelda said and blew a kiss at the camera.

Yes, they did. I could feel them aching for it. It was so wild.

I quivered as she lowered herself to me. She planted her shaved cunt right on my face. Salty cum spilled out. So much jizz, flavored by her sweet musk, poured into my mouth. I groaned and licked at her, loving the flavor of her hot twat.

I licked and lapped at her with hunger. It was so hot to lick out the cum. I feasted on that wonderful spunk spilling out of her. She had such a yummy snatch full of all that salty jizz. She groaned and leaned over, her big boobs piling into my stomach, my pierced nipples rubbing into her belly.

Oh, yes, this is what they need  to see, Anastasia, Zelda moaned and buried her face into my cum-filled cunt.

She kissed at my vulva. She licked at my snatch. I groaned, loving her flicking her tongue through my folds. Such heat washed through me as she did that. H groaned, grabbing her tan rump, and licked at her sloppy folds.

I gathered up more of that jizz from all the men who had fucked her. She stroked her tongue through my folds, doing the same. I squirmed on the runway, the waxed wood cool against my back. I whimpered, sucking on her with such hunger. I licked and lapped at her with passion. 

Just knowing that there was an audience watching as my tongue stroked through her pussy lips sent a shiver through me. It was so hot for the entire world, all my wonderful fans, to see me dyking out on her sloppy cunt.

That would give them such hard boners.

They were jerking off right now to how wild we were.

The moans echoed around us. Flesh slapped flesh. Aaliyah whimpered. Evelyn begged for men to cum all over her body. Martina gasped out as she climaxed. It was so hot as my tongue plunged into Zelda's yummy cunt.

I swirled around in her sweet and salty depths. What a perfect mix of flavors. I scooped out the cum I found in her. The flavor melted over my tongue. I loved every second of it. This was perfect. Just what I wanted to taste.

I flicked my tongue around in her wonderfully tasting cunt. She squirmed on my face, her hot twat rubbing against my lips as I scooped that wonderful mix of jizz and cream from her snatch. Her tongue did the same to me.

She plunged into me.

Swirled around.

Stirred me up.

I loved eating her out as she feasted on me. We licked and lapped up all that naughty jizz filling up the other's twat. It was just a fantastic treat. My tongue thrust into her snatch and swirled about in her. I loved stirring her up like that.

She groaned as I did that. I ate out her snatch, just licking and lapping up every drop of cum I could find. It dwindled. I whimpered, wanting to find more as my tongue wiggled about so in my cunt. I fluttered around in her, wanting to drink all the jizz I could find in her.

And she whimpered the way, her tongue reaching deep into me. I squirmed beneath her as we both ran out of jizz to feast upon.

So we licked each other's pussy.

Oh, Zelda, I moaned as she lapped at my folds, her tongue brushing my clit.

Mmm, Anastasia, she moaned. Let's make our fans so happy!

Yes, I groaned and thrust my tongue into her depths. I danced about in her. I swirled around in her snatch, loving the taste of her hot cunt soaking my taste buds in sweetness. They'll be so happy when we're cumming.

I latched onto her clit with my plump lips. She did the same. She suckled on mine. We both nursed on each other, my fingers digging into her rump. Her boobs rubbed into my stomach as she flicked her tongue around my clit.

Sparks flared. They sizzled through me as I came closer and closer to bursting with ecstasy. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. I flicked my tongue around her naughty clit. She did the same to mine.

I'm going to cum, she whimpered about my bud.

Drown me, Zelda! I moaned to her. Oh, drown me!

Yes! She nibbled on my clit.

Sparks burst inside of me. I bucked beneath her as my cunt gushed juices. A sweet tide of delight poured out of her cunt and bathed my face. I licked at her. I lapped at her cunt, savoring the hot tide of delight that poured out of her and into my mouth.

I drank it all down.

I loved every drop of her hot juices. I licked at her as the waves of rapture drowned my mind. I quivered beneath her, my nipples rubbing into her stomach as she tongued my snatch. I whimpered, savoring every moment of ecstasy that suffused my thoughts.

We quivered together on the runway, savoring our lesbian passion. It swept through us both. It was quite the treat. I enjoyed every second of it. Every last moment of this delight. My heart pounded in my chest. This was a rush.

An amazing thrill to show off for our fans.

Oh, Zelda, I groaned. So many of our fans jerked off their cocks and rubbed their pussies to that! So many of them.

They did, she breathed in me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Champagne

I suddenly knew my fans wanted me to beg Jeb, the guy running the show, to fuck me in the ass. I wasn't sure how my fans would see that since there wasn't a camera up there, but I wasn't going to argue with my fans.

They knew what I craved. They were just amazing that way. 

I left behind the White boys that had fucked me, my body pussy and asshole dripping with cum. Anastasia and Zelda came together for a sixty-nine. I moved past Aaliyah riding a cock while Martina took a cock from both ends. I walked backstage.

Amandin wasn't here yelling at me, thank god. Designers thought they were the fucking center of the world, but they were nothing without hot women like me to show off their clothes. Especially the bizarre shit that no one could wear practically.

I moved through the empty backstage and found the stairs up to the control panel. My round breasts bounced while my main braids of bleached-blonde hair swayed, brushing my shoulders. I reached the top floor and found Casey getting eaten out by Amandin.

That was shocking.

Casey shuddered, clearly enjoying what the designer did to her pussy. Well, who was I to judge? If the bitch got her rocks off eating her assistant's pussy, then she could do what she wanted. I was just glad she had her bitchy mouth doing something other than yelling at me.

Mmm, Jeb, I purred to the guy sitting at the controls. He had his cock out, grinning at me. A White boy with dark hair. I need you to fuck my asshole. I dropped to my knees and turned around. I bent over, wiggling my booty at him. Please, get over here and tear my ass up!

Goddamn, yes, he growled as he slipped off the chair.

Oh, fuck her ass so hard, Casey moaned as she ground her cunt on Amandin's face.

I will. The guy slapped his cock down on my rump. I shuddered at that. He felt good doing that to me. A shiver ran through me. This hot ache swept through me. My heart pounded in my chest. I was so ready for him to just ram into me. I will fuck her ass hard.

I knew he would.

He pressed the tip of his cock into my butt-crack. I shivered as he worked down and down to my sloppy asshole. He pushed against me. I didn't 'need lube. I was so ready to be fucked by him. Just so eager to have his big dick slamming into my asshole.

I shuddered as he drilled against my backdoor. I groaned, my anal sheath stretching and stretching. Then I gasped as he popped past my asshole and into my bowels. He groaned, gripping my hips as he sank deeper and deeper into my asshole.

Fuck, Champagne, he groaned. I knew you'd have an amazing asshole on you. Just fantastic!

Mmm, just enjoy, big boy, I whimpered, squeezing my bowels down on his cock. 

He sank deeper and deeper into my anal sheath. I loved that amazing delight of him filling up my bowels. My boobs jiggled while cum ran out of my pussy. I loved that trickle of jizz spilling down my thighs.

I reached between my legs and scooped up the jizz. I popped the spunk into my mouth. I suckled on it as he drew back his cock. I moaned as I savored the salty flavor melt through my taste buds while my asshole drank in the friction of his cock. The heat melted to my sloppy cunt.

He rammed back into my asshole. He buried in deep and hard. I loved how he filled me up. It was a fantastic thrill. A pure delight to have that big dick fucking into my bowels. I groaned, savoring the feel of his dick fucking my asshole.

He pounded me with his big dick. He fucked me hard and fast. He buried to the hilt in my bowels. It was an incredible rush. A thrill to have that huge cock plow into me. I savored the heat of the thick shaft fucking my bowels.

Goddamn, that's it, he groaned. Oh, that's so good. Fuck, you have a tight asshole. I love it!

I did have a tight asshole. Fuck my cock hard, Jeb! Oh, you're such a stud. Just such a fucking stud. I love it!

I savored the way his thick cock rammed into my asshole. He fucked me hard and fast, buggering me over and over again. I loved the way he buried into me. I wiggled my hips, stirring my anal sheath around his cock.

More cum leaked down my thighs. I scooped it up. I loved that flavor. It was such a naughty delight. I gathered more of the jizz as he pounded my anal sheath. He fucked my bowels hard, the heat melting to my cunt.

Another orgasm grew.

Another glorious cum.

I was so glad I was showing off for my fans. I watched Casey squirm, her cute face twisting with delight. She wasn't hot enough to be a model. Just cute. Like the girl next door. Not the chick you wanted to fuck on her hands and knees while she moaned like a bitch in heat.

Yes, yes, yes, fuck my asshole, I moaned. Ram that dick into my bowels. You are such a fucking stud. Yes, yes, pound my goddamn bowels and make me explode!

Shit, yes! he growled, hammering my asshole.

I loved it, my tits swaying as she rammed into me with force. He didn't hold back. He plowed into me again and again, my orgasm building toward that wonderful explosion of bliss. Euphoria would shower through me.

I clamped my asshole down on his cock, savoring the texture of his thick dick. He massaged my bowels with that hard shaft pistoning in and out of me. I groaned, my bleached-blonde braids swaying around my face.

Fucking hell, pound my asshole, boo! I moaned. Just ram that big dick into my bowels and make me fucking cum!

Yes, whimpered Casey. Oh, Amandin, that's so good. That's just amazing. I loved that so much.

I bet you do, hissed the designer. Cum on my mouth. Drown me!

Fuck, this is awesome, Jeb groaned as he pounded my bowels. He fucked to the hilt in my asshole, his nuts slapping into my taint. My bowels clenched on him. Just fucking amazing!

I could lonely agree with him. I loved what he did to me. He fucked me so hard. He pounded me with such force. I savored that delicious heat building and building in my cunt. I groaned, so close to erupting now.

I would be like a mighty volcano, just blowing then exploding as he buried that dick into my asshole. I gripped him, reveling in the friction. I savored that heat building in me. My boobs swayed. I whimpered, so close to bursting.

Oh, yes, Casey gasped as she came on Amandin's lips. The petite cutie squirmed, her head tossing. Oh, Ms. Amandin!

Fuck, yes, you get your bliss, girl, I groaned. Because... Shit, yes! I'm cumming, too!

My asshole convulsed around his cock while my sloppy cunt spasmed. Juices and jizz spilled hot down my thighs as the volcanic heat erupted in me. Jeb groaned, my asshole writhing around his dick. I savored that rapture as he kept fucking me.

Cum in me, boo! I moaned, stars twinkling across the room.

Cum in her! whimpered Casey.

Shit, yes! growled Jeb as he buried to the hilt in my bowels. 

He erupted.

I groaned, loving that wonderful cum flooding my asshole. He spurted into me over and over again. I loved his jizz erupting into my anal sheath. I writhed around him, milking his dick. More and more of his spunk filled my bowels.

The lava gushed through my body and burned every bit of me with euphoria. The thick magma smothered my thoughts in ecstasy. I groaned, my anal sheath suckling at his dick. I worked out every bit of his cum. 

Fuck, he groaned as he fired the last of his jizz in me.

That's right, I groaned. That's my fucking asshole you just enjoyed. Best you had.

Maybe, he grunted and ripped his cock out of my bowels. He sank back on his chair. Fuck.

I panted there, watching Casey shuddering as Amandin kept licking at her cunt. Jeb typed something on the computer. I groaned, my asshole quivering. I had to get back out on the runway and get gangbanged.

That was fun, I said, rising and sauntering out of the room. But I gotta get out there and get nailed some more.

Yes, you do, Jeb said, a huge grin on his face. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jeb Martin

As Champagne left, her mocha-brown ass swaying, I stared at Amandin and Casey. I grinned and had new commands to type. 

Jeb is now in charge and Amandin and Casey both do what he says. I hit enter. Amandin will come suck Jeb's dirty dick and won't stop even if he pisses in her mouth. After Amandin starts blowing Jeb, Casey will spank her and Amandin will take it because she knows she's a bitch.

I smacked that enter key. The text appeared on the chat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Amandin

The sweet flavor of Casey's pussy suffused my taste buds as I turned around and saw Jeb sitting at his chair, his cock dirty with Champagne's asshole. I just had to suck it. I wouldn't stop sucking him even if he pissed in my mouth.

He was the boss. I had to do what he said.

I crawled to him, a shit-eating grin on his lips. He nodded, reveling in the power he had over me. He used to be my subordinate, and now I was his bitch. I reached him and opened my mouth wide. I slid my lips over his cock.

This time, he was sour with Champagne's asshole. The earthy flavor suffused my taste buds. I shuddered at that. It was humiliating I had to do this. I used to be in charge, but now it was Jeb's show. I just had to suck him off.

Casey padded behind me. Jeb nodded to her as I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down his cock, polishing him clean. I felt Casey's hand on my rump. She squeezed my ass as I suckled on our boss's dick.

You are such a bitch, Casey said and drew back her hand. 

SLAP!

My asscheeks burst with stinging pain from her spank. I moaned around his cock, my butt-cheeks clenching. The heat melted down to my cunt. I shuddered there, shocked by the hard spank that had fallen on me. 

My entire body quivered. I deserve this for being a bitch. I whimpered around his dirty dick. I kept suckling on Jeb's cock as I heard the air rushing. Casey's hand descended for another 

SLAP! 

I squealed around his dirty dick as the pain burst across my other butt-cheek. The stinging heat melted down to my cunt. I whimpered and nursed hard on his cock. This was all my fault. I was a complete bitch. I deserved this. 

SLAP!

You were such a cunt to me! Casey hissed. 

SLAP!

A complete bitch! Who was always so cruel to me! 

SLAP! 

Demeaning me! 

Berating me until I cried! 

You're a fucking bitch who deserves this! 

SLAP!

Fuck, yeah, growled Jeb as I suckled on his cock.

Tears stung my eyes as I bobbed my head. I worked my lips up and down his dick sucking on him hard. Drool ran down my chin as I suckled on him. I nursed with all my might on his cock as my ass burned. 

My cunt dripped with excitement from the pain. 

SLAP! 

The stinging heat swelled the itch in my cunt. 

SLAP! 

Tears spilled down my cheeks from the intensity of her spank. My butt-cheeks clenched as I squirmed there and moaned around Jeb's cock. 

SLAP!

Fucking cunt! hissed Casey. Look at you. Your cunt is dripping wet. You want to cum from being spanked by me! 

SLAP! 

You're a disgusting whore, Amandin!

I was. I wanted to cum so badly. Her spanks made me shiver. I quivered as I suckled on that big dick in my mouth. I nursed on her with passion. I loved how good she tasted. I savored that delight as I nursed on her with such passion. 

Fuck, Jeb groaned as the sour flavor of Champagne's asshole faded. Oh, fuck, that's so good. Just like that. Oh, damn, you are going to have me erupting.

I moaned around his dick. I suckled so hard on him. 

SLAP!

I bet you want to drink that cum, whore, hissed Casey. 

SLAP!

The pain burned across my rump. I whimpered, more tears falling even as I loved this heat melting through my body. I quivered here, savoring every moment of her hand slapping my rump. This was all so hot. So exciting. 

SLAP!

Shit, groaned Jeb. Keep sucking! I'm almost there!

I nursed so hard on him, his precum spilling over my tongue. My pussy clenched, juices running so hot down my thighs. I quivered as Casey slapped my rump again and again. She spanked me hard. I itched for her to touch my pussy. 

To rub at my cunt. I wanted to cum so badly as I blew Jeb. He groaned, gripping my hair. He held me tight as I loved this heat blazing across my rump. I nursed with all my might on his cock, staring up at him.

That's it, whore, he groaned. Fuck, that's it. Yes!

He erupted.

His salty cum flooded my mouth. I groaned and gulped down his thick load. I suckled down all his cum, loving that jizz spurting over and over into my mouth. His seed poured down my throat and warmed my belly.

Fuck, you're such a slut! he growled. Swallow it!

Swallow it all! Casey hissed. 

SLAP!

I squealed and gulped down the cum. I trembled, my ass on fire. All that wonderful jizz poured down my throat. I gulped it all down, my pussy clenching. He grunted as he spurted one last blast of cum into my mouth.

I had to keep sucking on him. Even though he went dry, I had to keep nursing

Piss flooded my mouth. I shuddered at the acrid liquid that splashed against the back of my throat. This was so nasty, but I had to keep nursing even if he pissed in my mouth. And he was. He groaned as the urine gushed into my mouth.

There was so much. In moments, he was filling my mouth. I had to swallow the nasty stuff. I gulped it down, swallowing all that piss. I gulped it down as more and more streamed into my mouth. I wanted to vomit.

But I couldn't.

That's it, he growled. You're just a piss-drinking whore! All you're really good for. Designing clothes and drinking piss!

I whimpered and nodded. Jeb was in charge.

I swallowed the acrid piss. He grunted, forcing out more of his piss, but the stream weakened. A few more spurts splashed the back of my throat. I shuddered at that. My ass burned from Casey's spanking. I quivered as he finished pissing.

Shit, he growled. Go kneel in the corner until I figure out what to do with you. If Casey tells you to, eat her pussy or lick her ass or whatever. She can use you as her personal stress relief.

Lick my ass! Casey gasped. And finger my cunt!

There you go, Jeb said as I slid my mouth off his cock. Get to it.

I turned to face Casey. She moved to the wall and thrust out her rump at me, her bush dripping with her juices. I crawled to her, my mouth tasting of all that piss. I pressed my face into her butt-crack, actually eager to rim her asshole and replace that taste. 

In the background, Jeb typed. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aaliyah

Kess ikhtak, I cursed and ripped my cunt off the dick I was riding. I have to go give Jeb a titty fuck. That's what my fans want to see!

But! the guy I was riding protested. I have to cum!

Not my problem, I purred and moved through the room. Allah, that's not my problem!

I felt so naughty. I loved being a model and showing off as much of my skin as possible in defiance of Allah and his Prophet. Now I was fucking for my fans. Writhing like a whore and dishonoring my father. He must be furious right now.

Which made me wetter.

I moved off stage, passing Jamie Lanford getting spit-roasted like a whore in heat. Martina worked her asshole up and down one guy while leaning back in a crab walk pose. Another guy moved in to fuck the petite model's cunt. Alexandra suckled on her own pierced nipple while she took a dick in her ass. Zelda and Champagne were riding cocks side by side, both sucking on two different dicks like they were having a contest.

I reached backstage and rushed up the stairs. I burst onto the control room to find Amandin licking out Casey's asshole and fingering her cunt. Jeb grinned at me, naked and eager. I just wanted to obey him. 

Every model should obey him.

I dropped to my knees before the White man and wrapped my dusky tits around his pale cock. I loved being with Europeans and Americans. That really angered my father. I squeezed my big boobs around his dick and smiled up at him. I had a natural, wholesome beauty, the type you'd see wrapped up with a headscarf and blushing so innocently.

But I was a wanton slut. A sharmota. I loved it.

I worked my boobs up and down his cock. He groaned as I did that. His shaft throbbed between my lush tits. My nipples rubbed against his stomach, sending delight down to my cunt. My pussy burned as I worked up and down him. 

Are you going to cum all over my whore-face? I purred, staring up at him as I loved his cock.

Fuck, yes, I am, he groaned.

Good, I moaned, squeezing my tits around him. I want you to drench me. I'm your sharmota. Use me! Kess ommak! I want you to abuse me!

Fuck, yes, he groaned as I worked my boobs up and down his cock.

His precum spilled out and stained my tits. I loved the feel of sliding up and down his dick, my boobs gliding over his thick shaft. He groaned as I did that, leaning back in the chair. Casey whimpered In the background. I ignored her.

I just enjoyed this wonderful dick in between my tits. I savored that thick shaft. I worked up and down him. I loved the feel of him. He twitched. He throbbed. His moans echoed through the control room as I loved him.

That made my pussy so hot that I was loving him. I stared down at the pink tip of his cock emerging from between my boobs over and over again. He felt so good against my tits. It was cute how he peeked out from my breasts, his slit beading with precum.

I ducked my head down and licked it.

He groaned as I did that. 

My tongue slid across the crown of his cock as I slid my boobs back up in. I swallowed his shaft. He vanished into my breasts. That was nice. I slid them back down and licked the tip of his dick again. And again.

I loved it. I gathered the precum every time his cock re-emerged from between my tits. He groaned as I did that. He loved it. I knew he would be cumming soon. He would be painting my tits face with all his jizz. I wanted that so much.

Fuck, Aaliyah, he groaned. Fuck, you're such a whore.

I know, I moaned. Mmm, and you love that. You love us models to be whores. All our fans do.

That's fucking right. His dick twitched. I licked the crown again, savoring the precum. Goddamn! That's so fucking good!

I loved the sounds that he made. I loved that I was giving him pleasure. That made this even hotter for me. I worked my tits up and down his cock faster and faster. I squeezed about him as tight as I could, my nipples throbbing against his stomach.

He groaned, more precum bubbling out when I licked his tip. I knew he hurtled toward that orgasm. It wouldn't be long before he came all over my face. I craved that so much. I wanted to have all that jizz splashing on my features.

That would be so hot.

So exciting.

I worked my cunt up and down his cock faster and faster. I massaged him with my excitement I stroked him with my big boobs. I loved how he throbbed between my tits. He felt amazing. He groaned, his face contorting with delight.

Shit, he groaned. Oh, shit, that's good.

I winked at him as I worked my tits up and down his cock. He groaned. I worked my boobs as fast as I could, staring at his cock. My tongue flicked out again and again, grazing his crown before my tits swallowed his tip.

Cum on my face, I whimpered and licked his dick, gathering up that dollop of salty precum. Just cum all over my whore-features.

Yes! he groaned as my tongue stroked over his spongy crown. Fuck!

He erupted.

His cock pulsed between my boobs as his cum splashed my face. Hot jizz sprayed over my features. I groaned, loving the heat of his jizz splashing on me. It was such a fascinating delight to experience.

I loved having all that heat soaking my features. I opened my mouth wide, catching his salty cum. I wished the cameras showed this. It would be so hot for my father to see how much of a whore I was. I reveled in Jeb's cum splashing on my face.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! he grunted, reveling in his cum soaking my face.

More and more erupted from him. I groaned as he drenched me. His cock spurted over and over again. His hot jizz got in my hair, soaked my cheeks, and ran down the bridge of my nose. My tongue flicked out and gathered up the jizz.

I gloried in the salty flavor of his cum as the last spurt of jizz splashed on my right tit. The heat ran over me. I shuddered and pulled back from him. I hefted my boob and licked that spunk right off me. He groaned, of course.

Men always groaned when I did something like that.

And he was still hard.

I scooped the cum off my face as he stared at me. It was clear what he wanted. What he needed. I Rose and straddled him. The chair creaked as I lowered my cunt to his big dick. His shaft nuzzled into my shaved twat. 

Kess ommak! I moaned and plunged my cunt down his dick.

I savored taking that big, thick cock in my snatch. My pussy melted around his thick shaft. I swallowed every inch of him and loved it. I quivered, my boobs jiggling before his face. He gripped my ass as I glanced at the screen. 

There was a comment from the admin that said, Aaliyah comes up to the control room, gives Jeb a titty fuck and begs him to cum on his face, then rides his cock like a whore.

Oh, I'll ride your cock like a whore, I moaned, loving that this admin had guessed what I wanted. It was so hot.

I worked my cunt up and down Jeb's dick like a complete slut, loving every second of his thick shaft in me. I loved having that dick in me. I gripped him as I rode him. I squeezed about him with that wonderful shaft. I groaned as I plunged down him.

I worked my cunt up and down that shaft. I squeezed my pussy around him, so eager to make him cum in me. I trembled, loving this bliss. My orgasm built and built. I rose and rose toward such fantastic bliss.

I would have such a mighty cum.

I would just explode on his cock.

I couldn't wait to burst on him. I would just explode on his dick. I wanted to burst on him. To have this mighty explosion of bliss that would drown me. I couldn't wait for it to sweep through me. It would be just fantastic.

My pussy clamped down on that amazing shaft. He stimulated my naughty twat. I couldn't wait for the bliss to rush through me. Enjoying a dick was such an amazing thrill. My head tossed from side to side as I rode him, his cum spilling down my cheeks.

I licked up his jizz that reached my lips. I savored that salty delight soaking my taste buds as I plunged my cunt down his dick. My cunt gripped him as my tits bounced before him. He groaned, squeezing my ass.

That's it, fucking slut! he growled. You're an Arabic whore!

Oh, yes! I moaned. Cum in my pussy. I want you to just burst in me! That'll be so hot!

Shit, yes, he groaned. 

His cock massaged my cunt. My pussy drank in the heat. I rose toward my orgasm. I would burst with such passion. Just explode on his dick. My orgasm quivered in me. I was so ready to cum. I licked up more of his jizz off my lips.

I felt like such a dirty whore right now. That excited me so much. I was just a naughty slut that reveled in all this passion. My cunt squeezed about his thick dick. I would have such a big cum on him. I was so close.

I rose up him.

I plunge down him.

I whimpered, my cunt about to erupt. 

His jizz ran down my face. I was such a sharmota. This was wondrous. My pussy melted around his dick as I gripped him. He groaned, his face twisting with delight. I ached to have all his jizz pumping into me.

I slammed my cunt down his cock and exploded.

Tozz feek! I howled, my cunt going wild around his dick. Yes, yes, cum in my whore-pussy! Flood me!

Goddamn, yes! he growled as my cunt spasmed around his dick.

He erupted.

His hot cum spurted into my pussy. I groaned, loving the feel of that jizz splashing against my cervix. I loved the heat of all that spunk surging through me. Stars danced across my vision as he pumped my twat full of his seed.

I was such a whore. I wicked sharmota bringing such dishonor on my family. My father. I gloried in all of Jeb's cum flooding me. My head tossed, black hair dancing as my snatch rippled around him. I nursed on him, enjoying this passion.

Fuck, yes! he snarled as he basted my pussy with his cum. His hand typed on the keyboard. In chat, the message, Aaliyah is glad to be Jeb's whore!

Oh, Jeb, I moaned, so glad. Such joy burst through me along with the rapture drowning my thoughts. I'm your whore! Yours! Yours! Yours!

That's fucking right! he growled as more and more of his cum pumped into my snatch.

My pussy rippled around him, suckling at him. He groaned as he fired one more blast of his jizz into me. I shuddered, savoring that passion. I felt so good. The heat rippled through me. I groaned, my eyes rolling back in my head.

I could just float away. That was hot. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jeb Mitchel

What to do next? 

I had complete control of the models. I could do anything with them. I could... sell them. Auction them off. 

The idea sparked through the haze of my orgasm. That was perfect.

Casey and Amandin, we have work to do!

To be continued...
