Entry #22 
Happy -

You asked me to write about a time when I was happy. This is a strange request from you to start, but it actually was one of the more difficult things to write. I had a hard time recalling a time when I was truly happy.

You may be pleased to discover that I actually found two. One is from before I met you, the other is after.

Before: After I got married, my husband and I were on our honeymoon; nothing spectacular, just a trip to get away from life for a while. We were out in a canoe on a lake, laughing and splashing water at each other. Acting like kids. It's the simplest thing, but we were happy. I was happy. I was spending time with my husband and neither of us was worried about his illness or the next trip to the doctor. We were at peace and it was as perfect as it could get.

Funny, I'd nearly forgotten about that day until you asked me to write this.

After: The night we went to the Monster Truck thing. That's the only time I've ever seen you truly relaxed and it made me smile. That night was amazing! I knew nothing about monster trucks and I only went because you asked me, but I kept an open mind and I had a lot of fun. Thank you.

Entry #23 
Okay, this is sort of both an entry and a fantasy - 

You remember a couple years ago, that charity event the hospital did? The Poker Tournament? We all had to get dressed up and play nice? You looked so damned good in that tux. I spent half the hands I played losing because I kept looking at you.

And the sex appeal factor went *way* up after you unbuttoned the jacket and took off the tie. (Though, I do like the tie.) Your collar open, that crisp white shirt. You have no idea how much I wanted to pin you in a dark room, a secluded corner and find out just what you were thinking when you turned around and saw me in that dress. You know, when we weren't worrying about the patient. 

I had some amazingly hot dreams that night.

Do you want to know about them? Or the fantasies? Really, they're about the same.

Oh, I'll tell you this one:

After the party and the case and everything, when everyone was leaving and you were playing the piano - yes, finally, I really got to hear you play - I wanted to walk over and sit and listen. Hearing you play made me all warm and tingly inside, like when you first get into a really hot bath after a long day, or when a lover slides his fingers along the inside of your thigh when he's reaching to tug off your panties... but I guess you haven't exactly experienced that, huh? Um - okay, how about, when a lover grazes her fingernails down your abdomen, over your stomach and moves to unfasten your pants. That better? Anyway, it was like that. There's so much emotion in your music. I like it.

But, I wanted to sit there, on the bench with you and just listen to you play. (I actually did stand over in one of the corners next to a ficus to listen for a while, but Wilson showed up and you lumbered off to be boys.) God, you're so talented. All I've got is what I learned in med school. I don't know how to be anything else.

When you were finished playing, I wanted you to give me some kind of indication that you wanted me to follow you, go somewhere secluded and quiet - maybe your office, maybe the balcony, maybe out to your car, then off somewhere - but someplace where we would be alone. Then you would kiss me and sift your fingers in my hair, then pull away to step back and just look at me. Admire the dress and imagine what it would look like in a little pool of red satin on the floor. You draw me in again and tell me that you want to know what I'm wearing beneath the dress as your agile fingers reach for the zipper at the back, drawing it down until the garment slips free and pools at my feet. It amuses you that I'm wearing a strapless bra and you comment that I really didn't need it - which is kind of offensive, but I let you get away with it because of what you're doing with your hands on my butt. 

One of those hands abandons its current post to remove my bra - impressive feat - while the other slips around to press against my pussy through the tiny panties I'm wearing. I watch your eyebrow arch into your hairline when you see the little bows resting on my hips. That delectable little smirk that you get when you realize that something's just gone your way bends your lips and your fingers reach to tug those little bows into strings and I feel my panties flutter to the floor. 

You growl against my neck and fist your hand in my hair for control and drag me to a horizontal surface (what, exactly, is dependent on where we've gone, obviously), push me down and tell me that you just want to look at me for a while. I feel my skin flush from hip to head. I'm nervous under your heavy gaze and can't look at you. You want me to, though. You take my chin in your fingers and turn my head to face you, to look up into your eyes. My god, your eyes are so blue, so deep, so - pained. Please, let me help you.

You ignore my unspoken pleas and reach to scoot my butt closer to the edge of the bed/desk/table/whatever, then you unfasten your trousers and draw yourself out. One time, you comment that you want me to suck you first, but that you don't think you'll be able to get it up twice in one night under the circumstances. The look I give you back tells you that it doesn't really matter to me, as long as I can touch you. You draw my legs up and grab my hips, holding them still as you thrust yourself inside me. It's one of the most amazing sensations and I don't want you to stop.

There's a brief moment when I think you're going to, because you thrust yourself in and just stop. Then I realize you're shifting your body weight to your good leg so you can start again. It's some of the most amazing sex and I want us to do it again, but you tell me we can't, there's too much risk. I don't like it, but I slip back into my dress, leaving my bra and panties with you, and I leave, looking back once to see if you'll call me back, but you don't; you never do. 

Me and my red dress, we leave. At home, I hang it in the back of my closet until I need it again.

Entry #24 
It's lonely again. That's why I'm thinking of getting a dog. I sort of got used to being alone after my husband died, but then you were interested in parts of my life, invading my personal space, squirming your way in, fucking me, which made me realize how lonely I'd been. I'm not blaming you. It's not your fault you made me forget I was alone. I like it when you come by. When you want me. When you kiss me, touch me, take me against the wall. When you make me do things to you. When you tell me what to do. 

And now - you go and get yourself into an accident. What the hell am I going to do with you, House?

Entry #25 
Why is this so damned hard? I've tried. I've tried not to want you. I've tried to get you out of my head. You won't leave, you bastard. You'd think that knowing you don't want me would kick you out, but no. It doesn't. Apparently it makes my subconscious try that much harder to hold onto you. Which, really, makes no sense at all.

I know you'd agree on that last part. You'd say none of this makes sense. I know. Believe me, I know.

I used to want you to love me, but now I just want you. You do things to me just by being in the room. With a look, a word, a touch. I'm sure you do a lot of it on purpose because you know it'll get a reaction, but some of it, I'm sure, you're not aware of. Doesn't matter, I like what you do to me. I like the way I feel when you pay attention to me, when you want me to do things, when you just want me.

Do I still want you to love me? Maybe. I mean, it'd be great if you did, but I can't force something that isn't meant to be. Though, I have read that arranged marriages have a tendency to last longer than the non-arranged variety. (As anti-feminist as the practice generally is.) Not that we're betrothed or anything similar - and I have no idea where I was going with that... so, moving on -

Why am I even writing in here? There isn't anything going on between us anymore, unless you've changed the rules and failed to tell me again. So there shouldn't be anything for me to say, right?

Maybe there isn't. I haven't had any good fantasies and no amazing dreams that I can recall, so there's nothing to write, except that I really miss being with you. Damn, how do you have so much control over me?

Entry #26 
I probably shouldn't write this here, but I feel compelled to do so.

I loved being with you. Spending time with you - no matter what we were doing - talking, fucking, kissing, eating, all of it. Just being with you made it enjoyable for me. Yes, even when you irritated me or pissed me off, there was always more. Always something else.

There were even times that I could look at you, or listen to you and I knew you were there with me and not off in your head with someone else. You can say what you want, but I know you did enjoy at least some of it.

I know you don't love me. I'm pretty sure you don't want me. The jury's still out on whether or not you even like me, but the verdict is clear on one thing - you loved some of the things we did together. I know you'll deny it, but it's true.

Maybe that's why I miss you so much. I'm waiting for that last confirmation. Waiting for you to admit that you liked what we were doing. I know you liked it, but I want you to tell me you did.

Entry #27 
I can't stand it. You're laid up in the hospital and it's killing me inside. I hate seeing you like that, knowing you're in pain, knowing you can't walk on your own - not yet, not well. Knowing. Sometimes I hate knowing.

Like, knowing you won't tell me anything. Why won't you talk to me? It's so frustrating. I know you're hurting and I know talking will help. You don't have to talk about what happened, just talk to me. About anything.

I like talking to people. I want to talk to you. I want you to talk to me. I know, I'm repeating myself, but you tend not to listen.

You remember I told you there was more about my sister and my life after that? There is still more, if you're interested. But that communication thing is two-way. I'm not asking for anything specific. I just want to know about you. I'm curious. I'm interested. Yes, I'm interested in knowing about you. Not your deepest, darkest secrets (though, feel free to share those), but about your life. About you.

Fantasy #14 
I miss writing my fantasies for you. I know we're not together anymore, but that doesn't mean they've stopped. I still want you.

This fantasy has you bending me over a table or a piano bench, tying me in place so I can't move and making me come over and over and over. It's exhausting, but absolutely amazing. Intense.

Maybe I read about something like this somewhere, but the idea really appeals to me.

Entry #28 
I want to know about your fantasies. Forget the part where we're not really doing things anymore. I'd just like to know. Of course, it'd be easier for you to respond to these if you were regularly reading this, instead of when I bring it to you.

Do you fantasize about me? What do you imagine me doing to you? What do you imagine doing to me? When I'm not naked in your head, what am I wearing? Is my hair up or loose? What do I smell like? Do you ravish me or take your time teasing me?

I talk a lot about what I want you to do, but you don't ever tell me about things you'd like to try. You know I'm open to just about anything. All you have to do is ask.

Well, all you had to do was ask. That's depressing. I'm sad for all of the things you didn't get to try with me.

Don't worry, I'm too 'goody-goody' to try to guilt you into doing it again.

That doesn't mean I won't try a little seduction here and there. I enjoyed the time we spent together. And I do miss it... you. This is pathetic. I need to stop. I'm sorry. I know you think I'm a pathetic, foolish girl. Maybe I am, but, for being pathetic and foolish, I still managed to get what I wanted.

Entry #29 
I love strawberries. Not necessarily down my shirt, but since it amused you, I'll let it pass.

Damn you. I let you get away with more than anyone else. How do you do that?

Really, the most important part was getting you out of that bed and out of that room. I know you wanted to walk on your own, but I needed you to relax, let go. It's not the same as being bound to the bed, but it's a tiny step.

I still think you'd enjoy it - being bound and pleasured. It really is a lot of fun. Though, I don't see myself getting the chance to try that anytime soon. But if you decide you'd like to try, you know where to find me.