The four young women in Mistress Mia's femdom class squirmed anxiously in their seats. They easily developed a taste for the hands-on classes that Mia liked to have. Last week they got to thoroughly redden the bottoms of several males with paddles and straps as part of instruction on spanking.

They sat wide-eyed and stared at the nude bound male at the front of the classroom. He had been meticulously bodyshaved earlier that morning. He was bound so that his feet were apread apart and his arms stretched out horizontally. He was clearly uncomfortable, perhaps less on the physical side than the mental and emotional. His erection jutted straight out.

There was a dish at his feet which collected the drops of pre-cum that he had seeped after being bound.

Mistress Mia walked in and took her place at the head of the classroom.

"Now, class, yesterday we talked about the difference between forced ejaculation and milking. Today we will cover milking. Jerry here has been edged every day by mistresses in my advanced class, since it was very important that he not be stimulated to full ejaculation, especially since he has not had a satisfying one in almost two weeks. In addition, I personally edged him for two four hour sessions."

The women knew the effects of teasing and denial on the males they had recently practiced on, whether it was their own boyfriends or volunteers available through the institute. A half hour of edging can almost make a guy crazy, and this one had been edged multiple times every day for nearly two weeks. It was little wonder that he had to be restrained when his chastity cage was not locked around his apparatus.

"With milking, the male ejects semen without the benefit or pleasure of ejaculation. When all stimulation is stopped at the beginning of orgasm, the male semen may seep, trickle, or come out in one or two long spurts. You can drain him while keeping him aroused to the point of distraction."

Mia positioned herself beside Jerry. "I'd like each of you, in turn, to come up and feel his erection and palpate his balls, without letting him ejaculate. Then give just a few slow strokes. If you feel him twitch or pulse, let go immediately. Mistress Michelle, you can be first."

The slender blonde-haired woman who chose Michelle as her domme name strode confidently to the front of the room. She oiled her hands. Jerry's desperate member bobbed up and down even before she wrapped her hand around it. She made eye contact and smiled sensuously while slowly and fully stroking his erection. She knew it would take almost no effort to bring him off. Jerry's groans of frustrated desire aroused all the women in the room. In the middle of the fifth stroke, she felt the telltale jerking of pre-ejaculation, and immediately released her hold. Jerry exclaimed, "Oh... OH! OHH! AAAAAAUGH! Ohhhhh!"

One long pulse of semen spilled from his cock into the dish on the floor.

"Good, Mistress Michelle. Remember that when a male has been denied for this length of time he can be milked repeatedly. Mistress Joan, you're next."

Joan, her shiny black hair neatly framing her face, walked slowly and deliberately up to the male. Her black boots clip-clopped on the classroom floor. She knew of her seductive beauty, and knew that there were many men who would willingly strip and position themselves for a spirited whipping just to please her.

She wrapped both hands around Jerry's cock and looked at him with a serious expression. A few slow strokes, and amid more choked groans, Joan felt the member in her hand expand slightly. She bestowed a rare smile on Jerry, and immediately felt his cock twitch. She released her hold and put her hands on her hips.

"Ah - Ah - ohhhhhhhh!"

To the delight of all the women, Jerry's frustrated cock jerked several times, then oozed a long stringy wad of semen. Satisfied with her accomplishment, Joan returned to her seat.

The other two mistresses in training, Amber and Natalya, successfully milked the bound male and happily watched as their handiwork resulted in substantial oozing of semen. Although drained, Jerry was still exquisitely aroused since his cock had not experienced the satisfying pulsing of an unhampered ejaculation.

Mistress Mia put the cock cage on Jerry and unbound him.

-----
This story is copyright 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
