The NightBare Before Christmas
by SDS

T’was the night before Christmas, as I tried to get my head down, in my Grandma’s old house, dress in my little nightgown.

It was after 2 in the morning but still sleep eluded me. My heart was racing, surely my cousins wouldn't continue the tradition of embarrassing me now we were all teenagers? It had been over 3 years since we had last all gotten together at our Grandparents house for Christmas. Somehow growing up as kids it had become a tradition between my cousins to break into my room at night and prank me. This would usually involve either them sneaking in while I was asleep and lifting my sleepwear to expose my knickers, letting them laugh and giggle until I woke up embarrassed or my girl cousins pinning me down and stripping me to my underwear in front of the boys while I cried out in embarrassment.

I hated my cousins but surely we were all too old for this kind of pranks and play now?! It had been embarrassing then but now I had something to hide! A cold fear gripped me just thinking of the last time. I had been about 11 and had stayed up knowing what they usually did to me if they found me sleeping. I had expected to have foiled their plans by being awake for once. However I hadn't expected Jackie and Mary to jump on me pinning me to the bed by Fat Mary sitting on my chest while Jackie pulled my PJ bottoms off leaving me showing the rest of my cousins my yellow knickers. Somehow this was far worse as the left me pinned with my pale legs and underwear totally on display for almost ten minutes while fully awake and aware of my exposure. But like I said this was years ago surely they knew they couldn't do it to me now!

I lay awake horrible scenarios playing through my mind, my cheeks burned warm just thinking about the boys getting an uninterrupted look at the knickers with the other girls pinning me down. Apart from the odd unintended skirt flash, no boy had seen my underwear since I had become a teenager. The idea was so naughty it made me blush and my heart speed up just thinking of it. Yet just thinking about it also brought a strange unexplainable warmth, why was I getting off on the idea? I tried to calm my breathing, obviously as a naughty thought in my head it might be exciting but in reality it would be a nightmare! I could feel myself starting to get a bit wet down in my private area and my nipps were standing to attention. Breathing deeply I told myself it was being silly. Firstly it wouldn't happen and if it did, it wouldn't be a turn on it would be awful! I didn't want my pervy cousins seeing my underwear especially now I was growing into a woman!

I heard the door creak. It couldn't be them surely, I tried to tell myself. I almost cried out in fear causing me to freak out. I stopped breathing. What could I do? Jackie and Mary were both bigger and older than me and that's not including what would happen if the boys joined in adding their strength to the mix. I was helpless in an attic room far from any of the adults in the large old house that could have come to my rescue. I shut my eyes tight, breathing quietly, listening intently trying to tell myself it was my imagination. I had my back to the door I almost turned over to look but then I heard the footsteps. I opened my eyes starting at the wall in front of me, there was a glow from one of the lamps at the other end of the room being turned on. I had a choice I realised, get up and fight or pretend to be asleep. My conclusion went that if they thought I was sleep maybe they would just get a quick look at my knickers and leave me alone.

As awful as that sounded it was far better than an experience similar to the last 3 years ago when I was pinned down letting the boys stare at my panty-clad crotch as i flailed around trying to get free. I slowed my breathing pretending my hardest to be in a deep sleep. I heard their giggles and hushed whispers confirming that yet again all 5 of my cousins had come to torture me.

I squeezed my eyes shut fighting every instinct to run as I felt the covers carefully been lifted away from me. I cursed myself for wearing a little nightgown it barely covered my knickers as it was the thin white material gave the group their first glances me in my vulnerable state . I was half curled up the bottom of the gown just inches away from exposing my knickers. I struggled to keep my breathing under control as the group fully removed my covers leaving me in the middle of the bed. “She's made it easy for us this year” commented Mary barely suppressing her glee.

The embarrassment and anticipation had heightened my sensitivity so I gave an involuntary twitch as felt hands carefully gripping the bottom of my nightgown brushing the exposed skin near my bottom. The sensation of my nightgown been slowly and carefully pulled up was torture, the worst feeling I've ever felt. It tickled it’s way over the top of my legs and started exposing my cheeks and knickers. Just knowing that slowly but surely they could all see my bottom was horrible. The fabric of my knickers came into view revealing to them all my blue and white striped panties. This brought a giggle from the group. At least I was wearing a fairly boring conservative pair I tried to tell myself. It could have been so much worse, I could have been wearing a fancy more adult pair or even the opposite, an old pair of embarrassing childish ones, the type I still owned even they they were a little small for me and should have thrown away.

I’m glad they couldn't see my face as my cheeks were bright red and would have given away my state of awareness. I still feigned sleep as they fully exposed my knickers for the viewing pleasure of all my perverted male cousins. In the position I was curled up in they were getting a great look at the curves of my bum covered only by the tight knickers. Surely they would leave soon, I could just about take this level of embarrassment. I could hear them whispering again but couldn't make out much more than “good idea”. All I knew was that wasn't good, surely they wouldn't go any further I hoped. Suddenly I felt very very vulnerable, my knickers clad bottom just right for further exposure.

I felt something around my left wrist and then the other. What in hell are they doing I thought unable to comprehend what their actions. Suddenly both of my wrists went tight and I knew instantly that they had tied something around then. “WhAtt” I tried to cry out as the girls flipped me roughly onto my back. I quickly pulled down my nightgown down to cover my exposed crotch not wanting the boys to get a good view of that aswell. I had just about managed to cover myself when my newly tied arms were pulled up and away from me leaving me in a Y shape face up on the bed. The boys who had done the pulling tied them off at the top of the bed. My heart was booming in my chest now, this wasn't supposed to happen.

The big light was turned on giving everyone a proper clear view of me tied to the bed. I curled up my legs the best I could to cover myself as the collection of my cousins gathered around to laugh at my red face and embarrassing situation. “Please let me go” I cried out but this only brought more laughter. Mary shushed me holding up a finger to my lips. “You need to be quiet, If not we’ll have to gag you” she laughed holding up some tape.

Jackie came over to me grinning, she forced my legs out from their crossed position. “Come on Delilah, Let's open you legs and give the boys a peak” she laughed pulling my legs firstly out so I was in the Y position again but then switching me to an X spreading my legs making my nightgown ride up exposing my panties between my legs again. “nooo please” I cried out embarrassed beyond words and she stretched my legs giving the boys a great view of my crotch. Mary, joined in my torment pulled my nightgown up exposing me totally from the stomach below.

“Ooo look at the little pokies should must be all turned on” Laughed Mary noticing that without a bra in the bright light you could see the outline of my nipples through the thin material. “oooh no bra, that’s brave” laughed Jackie. “Maybe we should have a look to see how much you’ve grown since last time we stripped you” she laughed but instead spread my legs wider further adding to my exposure as the knickers stretched into my most intimate areas giving the boys a real show now.

“Please no please stop” I cried but got no relief from the group. Surely it was a bluff they wouldn't really expose my little tits. My breathing was heavy I couldn't believe this was happening. I was stripped and displayed to the boys and inches away from showing everything. I was bright red now the shame washing over me as I watched the boys stare straight at my most intimate areas. Mary jumped on me again while Jackie was still holding my legs l and lifted my gown up further so it was just below my breasts. “PLEASE PLEASE” I cried out in a total panic now. This brought even more laughter to the group. Mary brought her hands under the gown cupping my breasts in her hands. My breath was caught in a gasp of shock and pleasure as this sensitive area was invaded and roughly groped. “Still pretty small” she laughed tweaking my nipples between her fingers. “Oooohn you're right though she does seem turned on” she laughed. “Let go!” I shouted but she removed one of her hands and held it over my mouth. Were she had quickly retreated her hand almost half my breast was exposed and I was freaking out as the boys were getting a great view with my nipple only just hidden from them.

“Don’t scream or we’ll gag you with your panties ok? The ones you're wearing that is” said Jackie darkly , I nodded fear truly gripping me now as she threatened to strip me butt naked. She took her hand off my mouth grinning at my humiliation. “So are you enjoying this, dose it turned you on?” she laughed at my discomfort. I could only look on horrified as she slowly rubbed my breasts again, how could this be happening. “No” I said weakly trying to keep a moan out of the my voice as she brushed my nipple with her thumb.

“Yeh right you lil slut. ” laughed Mary, Suddenly she had let go of my legs and grabbed my knickers. I cried out in shock feeling her fingers near my most intimate areas. “NO anything but that” I cried but to my shock instead she pulled them upwards giving me a wedgie letting the already tight and slightly damp fabric dig into me further. I gasped in shock stifling a moan, the feeling was both invasive but also intimate. The group could now see my camel toe which highlighted my obvious excitement.

“Please stop” I cried realising how much I was exposing as she once again pulled my legs apart showing off the some pale skin that never even sees the sun in a swimsuit. Oh god, they could almost see my sex, how can this be happening. I looked over at my male cousins were almost drooling starting stunned and wide eyed.

“Tell the truth” laughed Jackie by my ear “Tell us how turned on you are or else” she stopped rubbing and instead hooked her thumbs under the sides of my nightgown rising it just a little bit so my tits were on the edge of threatening to pop out.

“I’m not” I cried real fear and shame flooding me now as she inched the fabric up a bit more. “I’m not” I whimpered, how could I admit to something like that. How could I tell them that them exposing me in front of the boys and touching me near areas that have never been touched was turning me on. I gasped as Jackie pulled my nightgown up more exposing more of my little perky breasts. Her thumbs brushed past my nipples as the fabric washed over them finally freeing my breasts from their sleepwear confines. They bounced free, totally exposed to boys and girls alike my pale milky breasts were finally revealed. My hard nipples pointing to the ceiling now everyone could see the excitement that I denied.

I couldn't believe how exposed I was, The nightgown was pulled up over my head blindfolding me from the group exposing me totally from the neck down apart from my panties. The mix of emotions was unreal, this felt so horrible and so good at the same time, I was getting wetter and wetter in my knickers now as the fabric rubbed me in all the right places. “Please just stop” I cried breath half lost.

“Tell the truth, tell us how you're a naughty little slut who loves this” taunted Mary. She let go of my legs but instead grabbed onto my panties again. I take it back the worst feeling ever wasn't them revealing my panties earlier. It was now as she slowly started pulling down my knickers. “No don’t ! NO, get off me” I cried out slightly muffled from the material of the nightgown over my face. I tried to fight struggling against my bonds but this just brought more laughter as my boobs bounced giving a greater show.

Inch by inch the panties were pulled down exposing slowly but surely my milky skin, the first view of my small wisps of pubic hair brought laughter to the group and more taunts. “The truth!” laughed Mary inching them down now exposing almost everything. “No” I cried in a half moan as the feeling of her touch sent electricity through me. “Tell the truth you bad girl” joined in Jackie.

“No...” I whispered in shocked gasp as she pulled my knickers straight down past my sex exposing everything to the boys. Even with my legs together it was clear to my excitement. My knickers were pulled straight down and off my feet. I didn't even fight to stop them now. I couldn't see there faces but I knew my cousins were now staring at my totally naked body.

“Confess” Laughed Mary. As she once again grabbed hold of my ankles. She was going to spread my legs, If it wasn’t the most humiliating experience in the world tied up butt naked she was about to expose my wet pussy in all it’s glory. “No...” I tried to whisper, I didn’t want to stop her now, I moaned quietly biting my lip as she started to pull my legs apart.

“YES” I cried “Yes I’m a naughty slut and this is turning me on” I cried a mix of hormones and shame as everyone else laughed as I was totally humiliated and spread eagled in front of them.

“Good girl” whispered Mary running her hand up my leg. “We all want this”

I moaned at her touch as she ran her thumb along my hip.

I felt one of my hands untied.

“Play with yourself” added Jackie moving my hand down towards my sex. “You know you want to”

And I did, after all the build up when my fingers entered my wet pussy It felt unbelievable...



So there I lay, on Christmas night in my Grandma's old house with my legs spread and my nightgown over my head playing with myself and getting off to a fantasy about my cousins stripping me. Ye sorry, it was all a lustful dream, I had thought up the scenario half asleep in the middle of the night. I moaned loudly plunging my fingers in and out again as my other hand rubbing my exposed breasts. This was the greatest masturbation I had ever had. I could feel myself getting nearer and nearer. “Oh yess!!” I moaned building to the greatest climax of my life.


I heard the door creak, no … no this can’t be happening .. I must be imaging it.

“Oh my god!” shouted Jackie in shock.

“Oh GOD!” I cried I was too close too lost in the moment and the fantasy to stop.

So it actually happened. I was butt naked with my legs spread on the bed fantasising about fingering myself in front of my cousins when they actually walk in. It must have been quite a site, me with my legs spread exposing every inch of my nudity to the group.

I was on the edge, lost in lust. I could see them now, five figures staring shocked at my naked display. Shame threatened to overwhelm me I should have stopped. However I was on the edge and this new rush of emotions tipped me over. I screamed, moaning as I came. The most intense orgasm I had ever had was witnessed by my cousins.

The hormones and lust washed away leaving the reality of what had just happened to sink in.

Needless to say my cousins had a great laugh at my expense and spent the day commenting about how we had found a new family tradition.

Merry Frickin Christmas...