Later that evening...

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 9 (MF, cons, oral, parody, F-solo, toys, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Sunday evening, Del was going to play more Dragon Era with Nancy, but then he got another text from Trista asking him to come over.

"This late?" Nancy asked, looking at the sun as it started to set outside. "You won't be able to do any yard work."

"She might need some indoor work done." Del much preferred having sex to playing video games, and hanging out with Nancy felt kinda weird now that they weren't being all touchy-friendly.

"Hmm." Nancy frowned.

---

Helena let Del into the house again. That seemed to be her job in the household. "Oh! Hi, Del!"

He saw her blush. What was with her, all of a sudden? he wondered.

She looked uncomfortable. "Mom's upstairs...um, again."

"Thanks." Del mounted the steps and found Trista at the top, wearing a short, sheer robe that showed off her glorious gams. "Hey, Trista."

"Del, thank you for coming so quickly...hm." The curvy blonde frowned at the double entendre. "Come with me."

As she went past the room he thought he had fucked her in earlier that day, he paused, pointing with a questioning look. She turned back. "No, that's the guest bedroom...mine's this way." Confused, he continued following.

As they entered the master bedroom, Del looked about. It was grand, with 12-foot ceilings that had carved wood paneling, and a four-poster bed.

She noticed him staring. "Work hard in life, and you can earn nice things like this. What were you taking in college, Del?"

"Going for my degree in English," he replied.

Her lips turned down. "Oh...well, renting's a thing too. Now, come over here." She let the robe slip off of her shoulders, revealing her gorgeous naked MILF body, and then she lay back on the bed, her legs opening wide.

Right to it, Del thought bemusedly, and removed his own clothes. As he clambered onto the bed, she said, "There will be times when you'll have 'shot your wad' and I won't yet be fully satisfied. Today I'm going to teach you how to pleasure a woman without using your admittedly above average member." She couldn't help but admire that stiff prong as it pointed toward its goal: her rapidly moistening pussy.

"Okay...so my tongue?" He moved forward and bent down between her thighs.

"Hm, yes, and your fingers. Ah..."

Del had watched enough porn to know what to do, and he started licking between her wet pussy lips.

"Yes, a good start, Del."

He moved a bit higher.

"Ah, no, that's where I pee from. My clit's higher, though it's probably difficult to find right now...wait until I get going. Yes, dip your tongue right in...mmm..."

"Hon, have you seen my cufflinks? Oh."

Del snapped his head up. A tall, slim, brown-haired man in a white dress shirt and dark slacks had just walked into the bedroom from a side door, an unfastened bow tie around his neck. He paused as he regarded the naked couple.

"Check the side table," Trista pointed, seemingly unconcerned.

"Hey, Del, right?" The man strode forward, his hand out.

Del scrambled back to his feet, very conscious of how vulnerable he was while unclothed. His penis was dwindling rapidly.

"Oh, shit! I forgot to tell him!" Trista put one hand to her mouth. "He thinks he's gonna get the shit beaten out of him."

"Oh, Trista." The man looked at his wife, disappointed.

She stopped laughing. "I'm sorry, Del...Stephen is fine with what we're doing. He can't keep up with my sex drive, and he's not a jealous man. Really, you're helping both of us out by keeping me full of your cum."

Del was just standing there, his hands over his junk, processing this new information. "Oh."

Stephen stepped forward again, his hand out. "So..."

Del kept one hand over his junk and gamely shook the man's hand with the other.

Stephen's grip was strong, and he pulled the young man in close. "Just don't knock her up, okay?" he whispered in Del's ear. "She's already got frequent flyer miles at the clinic, and one of these days she might just decide to keep one. I'm SO done with diapers." He gave Del a wink and then headed over to the side table's drawer. "Yep, here they are. What would I do without ya, hon?"

"Probably get prostate cancer and die horribly," she replied, giving him a pleasant grin.

"Ha! Yeah, without you helping me clean it out regularly. Okay, carry on, Del! Love ya, honey." Then he strode out of the room and closed the door behind him.

Del stared at the door.

"Well?"

He turned back to Trista, still laying there, her legs wide. He didn't quite know how to feel about both the revelation that her husband approved of what they were doing, and that Trista could actually get pregnant.

"Ugh, get over here, Del, and lay down," she directed him.

He did, and she twisted around and climbed astride him in a sixty-nine position, their faces in each other's crotches.

"Get licking," she commanded him, and took his half-hard dick into her mouth. Soon, he was back to full size, and was doing a fairly good job of pleasuring her as well, she felt. She pulled her hips forward, slotted the head between her very wet pussy lips, and sank down upon it in the reverse cowgirl position.

"Uhh...um, Trista, you said you couldn't get pregnant, right?" Del asked.

"Hmm? Yes, Del. Ahh..." She had been so wet from the cunnilingus that she was able to take all of his big dong inside her with only minimal trouble. She ground her pelvis into his, stimulating her clit, and that, combined with the insistent pressure on her cervix and how well Del had pleasured her with his tongue earlier, caused her to cum. "Uhaah! Ohh! Yesss..."

She calmed down from her orgasm and pulled off. "Uff...why so hesitant, Del? Do you need me to order you around, like yesterday? Oh shit...do I not turn you on?" She looked stricken.

"No! Uh, I mean yes, you turn me on! What we did earlier was totally hot!"

She frowned. Oh, right, she didn't want me to mention this morning, he realized. "I mean yesterday, in the maze."

"So...?" She reached forward and stroked his cock.

"Err...your husband...Stephen...he said to make sure I didn't knock you up, but you said you couldn't get pregnant..."

She laughed and looked toward the door. "Oh, that fucker!" She climbed astride Del again, this time in the cowgirl position, and rubbed the head of his cock on her clit. "He's just fucking with you."

"Is he?"

"He is." With that, she lined Del's cock up again and sank down on it hard, making him gasp. She then leaned forward to whisper into his ear as she started moving upon him. "Either he's telling the truth or I am, so either I can get pregnant or I can't." She felt Del's cock give a twitch at that conundrum as she rode him. "Either way, Del, you're gonna put your fucking sperm deep inside this body that I work very hard to keep tight and toned, where they'll either find an egg and fertilize it, or die unfulfilled. Either way, it's not your concern, as I don't want another kid; one self-absorbed child is enough." She was moving faster upon him now. "So, are you gonna give me what I want?"

Del was breathing heavily. "Uhh...yeah...I don't know what I was thinking..." His cock was feeling fantastic now, sliding easily into Trista's depths.

"Good boy...now tell me what I wanna hear..." She licked his ear lobe as she moved upon him faster.

"Unh...I'm gonna...fill you up with my cum soon."

Trista's breathing was faster now too. "Ooh...and then what'll happen, you naughty boy?"

"I'm...unhh...gonna knock you up, you sexy mama."

"Yesss..." she hissed, and took him all the way inside her before rolling her hips. The change in movement caused his pubic hair to rasp along her pussy. "Aww yeesss..." she moaned as she came again.

When Del felt Trista's possibly fertile pussy grip his cock, he came as well. "Ohh! Here comes my baby, slut!" He grabbed her hips and pulled her all the way down upon him.

"Oh fuck!" she cried out as she felt Del's hot cum burst inside her spasming pussy, causing another orgasm to rush through her wanton body. "Ugg-k! Mmmhmmm!"

In her own room, Helena speared her dildo into her recently de-virginized pussy and grunted as another orgasm washed over her. The house had great ventilation, which allowed her to hear every time her mom had sex in the master bedroom. This time she welcomed the intrusive sounds.

Trista lay upon Del, finally sated. "Very nice...you wanna stay over tonight? Stephen's out until tomorrow afternoon."

Del lay there in a daze, his cock shrinking within the older woman's pussy. "Oh, sure..." He had class the next day, but his stuff was just across the street.

Nancy waited for hours for Del to come back. Once it hit 11 PM, though, she went to bed and cried herself to sleep.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)