JENNY 

By Tommy 
 
Part 1
 
"Fuck,  we're going to get the bastard this time!    Get me 
Amsterdam!"
 
Chief inspector John Woolsey waited for his telephone to ring, and 
snatched it up.  He closed his eyes and then opened them slowly, 
focusing for no apparent reason, on a patch of mildew in the corner 
of the ceiling.  
 
"Ruigrok?"  A voice on the other end grunted that yes, this was 
indeed Detective Rob Ruigrok in Amsterdam and who the hell was this?
 
Explanations from John flowed rapidly and two minutes later he 
replaced the receiver, a small gleam of triumph in his eye.
 
"I really think we may get him at last" he announced to the small 
group hovering around his desk.   He turned to Jack, the old wizened 
sergeant who'd received the phone call a few minutes ago.   "When do 
you reckon she was taken?"
 
Jack coughed and stared down at his notes. Over ten years older than 
John, he'd long ago given up any thoughts of promotion and had taken 
the decision to stay where he was. He did his job well, nevertheless 
it took a great deal of effort to keep his voice from trembling.  His 
granddaughter was the same age as this poor girl!
 
"Jenny Simpson, twelve years old, reported missing by her parents at 
ten thirty this morning. The hotel was close by, so they'd allowed 
her to go straight to the beach after breakfast."  The dark look in 
his eyes showed the others exactly what he thought of this decision.
 
"Last seen playing on the beach close to the car park. Description: 
medium length brown hair, light hazel eyes, freckles, slightly plump, 
small mole above..."
 
John nodded and wiped the  sweat from his forehead.  Shit, it was 
hot!  He gazed out of his window and looked across to the harbour.   
Hunstanton was a small town on the east coast and dead for most of 
the winter.  Not so in August, he thought wryly.
 
*** 
 
The kidnappings on the Norfolk beaches had started five years ago.  
It was after the third girl had been taken that the police realized 
there was a pattern emerging.  Always in July and August, always 
between ten and thirteen years old. Girl disappeared for two or three 
weeks, before being found semi conscious and heavily drugged, 
somewhere along the coast.   
 
The same story - snatched, blindfolded and drugged, taken by boat 
somewhere.  Same man - dutch, small scar on head, smoker, thin 
moustache.   He glanced at the file on his desk.  How many girls?   
This would be the seventh!    
 
"We've got our boys looking for her; the Dutch coastguard on alert, 
fishing boats notified and harbour masters checking all arrivals."   
He slammed his fist on the table. "We'll get him this time!"
 
None of the girls had ever been able to say exactly how long the boat 
trip had been, but the consensus was somewhere between two and six 
hours.   Could be over in Holland or even somewhere along the coast 
here.   Though unlikely.  All girls had said that after the boat, 
they'd spent a short time in a car.  Not more than thirty minutes - 
though one girl had claimed it was only a few minutes.  Poor things!  
What the guy had done to them!   He tried not to think about it.  No, 
most probably a dirty, though very clever Dutch pervert who lived 
close to the sea and had his own boat.
 
"Someone check the bloody air conditioning!" he shouted across the 
room.   He sat down and picked up the phone.  It was half past one.   
The sick pervert would probably still be on his boat now.  He 
clenched his fist and looked out to the sea.  His eyes narrowed.  
Somewhere out there.  Had to be! 
 
"I'm going to get you this time, you bastard!"
 
*** 
 
Approximately two hundred miles in the opposite direction, Tom guided 
his grey Ford Mondeo into a large car park next to the motorway 
services and parked between two empty trucks.   He got out and 
stretched, smoothing the sleeve of his cheap polyester suit, the very 
picture of a tired business rep.  
 
Removing the false stick-on number plates took only seconds.  Another 
few seconds to dump them in the rubbish bin.   Mobile phone to his 
ear, he looked like he was arguing with his boss.  Probably about 
commission.  A thermos flask appeared and he poured himself a coffee, 
yawning and looking at his watch. Nobody noticed.  A minute later he 
had driven off.
 
The drive to his house took another two hours.  From time to time he 
checked the girl on the back seat.  Still fast asleep.  Good!
 
It was almost four o'clock when he arrived home.  An enormous old 
farmhouse outside the village, it had long ago been converted into 
apartments, then at some stage, renovated and turned back into a 
rather expensive looking house, far too big for most people, but 
perfect for Tom.
 
Surrounded by fencing and an automatic gate, the two large Doberman 
dogs, hidden security cameras and infra-red detectors ensured that he 
would be left well alone.   His housekeeper wouldn't be back until 
September.   
 
According to the original plans, the farmhouse had once boasted a 
cellar running the entire length of the building.  The agency had 
said nothing of this and it was only when Tom had delved into the 
matter a little more deeply that he'd realized that they had no idea 
the cellar even existed. 
 
Finding the entrance hadn't been easy.  Bricked up fifty years 
previously during its conversion into separate dwellings, the door 
was finally located at the back of the garage. As far as Tom was 
aware, he was the only person who knew the cellars still existed.  He 
liked it that way!
 
The garage door shut behind him and he leant back in the seat and 
shut his eyes.  Bloody hell, that had been so easy - as usual.  He 
patted the pile of Dutch papers and magazines on the passenger seat.  
Must remember to scatter these around the place.  Keep up the 
pretence.   He smiled to himself.  Perhaps one day he might even 
learn Dutch!   
 
Behind him, Jenny was waking up.  What a dream!   What a horrible 
dream.  A man... something on her face... a car...what?    It took a few 
seconds for her to realize that something wasn't right.   She tried 
to move her arms and legs, but the velcro straps binding her wrists 
and ankles held firm.  Opening her eyes, she saw only dark, but it 
wasn't real dark.  Something tight was wrapped round her head.  What?   
 
Tom listened to the quiet moans and waited.  Good, she was waking up.  
He looked in the mirror.  How he hated having to grow a moustache 
again.   Still, it grew fast, and the thought of shaving it all off 
again gave him so much pleasure.  Not that he'd be deprived of 
pleasure over the next few weeks of course.  Oh no.  Quite the 
opposite!
 
"Well, this is it.  Let's get you out shall we?"  He was amazed at 
how easily the fake accent came to him.   So much easier than German 
or French! 
 
He opened the back door and threw back the blanket.  As he knew it 
would, his cock sprang to life in his pants.   Shit, she was sexy!  
The tight swimsuit she wore only served to show off her firm thighs, 
pert juicy bum and small tits.  Probably begging her Mom to buy her 
first bra, he thought, licking his lips.  Had she started her periods 
yet?  Hope not!  
 
Leaning in, he pulled the girl out and slung her easily over his 
shoulder.  Jenny screamed and tried to wriggle.  "Hey, hey, little 
one, no need to worry" said Tom cheerily.  He patted her bottom, 
marveling at its plumpness.  "Not long now.  Not long."
 
Jenny felt sick.  Her tummy tightened into a little knot.  Where was 
she?  What was the man going to do to her?   Hideous images flashed 
across her consciousness and she sobbed uncontrollably as the man 
carried her down some steps.
 
She heard water, creaking wood.  A strong smell of seaweed wafted 
into her nostrils.   Other men shouting, bells, engines.  Suddenly 
the smell of fish almost made her sick.
 
"Okay, here you go.  Just lie still.  Won't be too long now."
 
The girl's head hit something hard and she cried out in pain.  She 
was on a wooden floor that seemed to be moving up and down.  A boat!  
But...
 
"Please!  Let me go...please...I..."
 
A hand gripped her arm hard.  "No talk little girl.  No sound.  Or I 
put a fish in your mouth to shut you up.  You want that?  Now be 
quiet!"
 
The small sack over her head was inched up slightly and a plastic 
beaker put to her lips.
 
"Drink!"
 
She gulped down the orange juice fast, the cool liquid easing the 
dryness in her throat. 
 
"Enough."
 
Jenny felt herself being turned.  Fingers testing the straps round 
her hands and feet.  The smelly black cloth pulled down tighter over 
her face.  Tears streamed down her face.  Could it all be a 
nightmare.  If she could just wake up.  Run to Mummy and Daddy.  If 
only..
 
She heard something being shut and the sounds grew fainter.  Seagulls 
were flying over the boat.  She waited.  Soon, all she could hear was 
the faint chugging of a motor and the water lapping against the sides 
of the boat as it sped across the sea.
 
Tom rubbed his back.  Shit, she'd been heavy!  How much juice had she 
had?  He held up the thin beaker and squinted, checking again that 
the rohypnol tablet had been completely dissolved..  About half?  
Great.  Just enough to keep her sleepy and confused for a few more 
hours.   Poor kid.  Stunned with a taser, knocked out with chloroform 
and then drugged - all in one day!   Should be in the Guinness book 
of records!
 
He looked around the room and chuckled. One of the largest rooms in 
the underground complex, he'd spent a great deal of time and effort 
installing the small swimming pool in the centre.  Swimming pool?  
Not really.  Less than a metre deep, it was just large enough to hold 
the small rowing boat he'd bought.  That and the wave machine of 
course.  Had to make it seem real!
 
Secured at all four corners, the tiny boat bobbed about on the waves 
but never touched the sides of the pool.  The wooden box  nailed 
onboard was just big enough for the girl.  He checked it again.  Yes, 
well shut.  He heard her sobs from inside and shook his head.  Give 
her three hours.  Should be enough.
 
He glanced at the HiFi on the table.  How often had he used this 
cassette?  Recorded in a busy fishing port years ago.  As far as the 
girl was concerned, she was being taken somewhere by boat.
 
Scattered around were jars holding seawater, dead crabs, sand, 
seaweed, in addition to a variety of shells and small fish found on 
the beach.  Picking up one of the jars, he emptied the contents over 
the boat, chuckling to himself.   A waft of rotten seaweed reached 
him and he wrinkled his nose.  Yuck!
 
At the door he turned and listened.  The girl was still crying.  
Never mind.  She'd probably cry herself to sleep soon.  He checked 
the time.   Perhaps come back in two hours and see.  It would be nice 
to get her washed and fed before night.  Time for a bit of fun before 
bed?   Hopefully she wouldn't be like the last girl.  The chloroform 
had made her throw up for hours!  What with that and the drug, he'd 
had to wait over a day for her to get back to normal.   Shit, that 
had been frustrating!    
 
Rubbing his hands happily, he switched off the light and left, 
closing the door quietly behind him.
 
Jenny shifted round and tried to pull her knees up to her chest, to 
no avail.  The space was too narrow.  The smell was just....!  Why 
was she here?  She bit her lip again trying to stay calm but it was 
no good, and she sobbed loudly, the tears soaking the black cotton 
bag covering her head.
 
It had happened so fast.  Who was the man? Confused images circled 
inside her head.  So sleepy!   She'd been playing on the beach, 
hadn't she?   Near the rocks. That's where the baby crabs were.  
She'd seen them the day before.  So close to the car park.  What if 
they wandered out of their little pools and got crushed?
  
A car had appeared and a man had got out and opened the back door, 
arguing with someone inside.  From the tone of his voice she had 
assumed it was a young child.  Something about little animals and 
having to let them go.  The man had turned and smiled at Jenny, 
something small in his hand.  "Sweet little things, aren't they!"
 
A few paces to have a closer look.  Something in the man's hand had 
made a popping sound.   Sudden blinding pain.  Couldn't move.  
Couldn't make a sound. Then sitting in the car, the man putting a 
handkerchief over her face, sweet smell, then nothing.
 
What did he want?  Why was he taking her away?  She'd done nothing 
wrong.  He wasn't a policeman, surely?   Perhaps... Perhaps he was a 
policeman and he'd made a mistake.  Yes, that was it surely.  He'd 
come back and realize.  Call her parents.   She'd go home and...
 
The drug acted fast.  Her eyes closed.  In her head pictures of her 
smiling parents mingled with images of the man getting told off by 
his boss, apologizing profusely and promising all sorts of treats.   
His acts of contrition knew no bounds and she found herself being 
presented with dresses, roller skates, even a pony, while a squad of 
smart police officers looked on, shaking her daddy's hand and 
promising even more presents.  A puppy, a bicycle, toys, sweets.  
Soon.  Very soon.  So sleepy.  Must sleep.  Sleep and dream.
 
 
 
 

