Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Two: A Sister Bound is a Sister Pleased
Summary: Kurtis wants to seduce his next sister, but will Iliasa submit, or will he have to dominate the sexy beauty?
Keywords: mf ff mff mfff fsolo fantasy magic inc bond exhib voy BDSM D/s oral creampie

Copyright: 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Coral Isle, Jyou Sea

I just came in my sister, Lasla's pussy, and the possibilities before me were exciting.

Both Lasla and my twin sister, Pyrriah, wanted me to breed them and the other women of our family. In that moment as I came down from the high of my orgasm, I pictured all the women of my family. 

At the head was Azuliana, mine and Pyrriah's mother. A dragon, a member of the hermaphroditic race who'd been bred by the God Las one magical night. Blue hair, deep-sapphire eyes, and large tits that bounced before her. She was the only other person on the island that had a cock, but only when she wanted it. Hers wasn't permanent, like mine.

She was married to Sianili, a gorgeous and slender sylph. Air and light, playful and loving. She floated through the world sometimes, her body petite. Her breasts small. She was Lasla's mother, bred the same night by Las as Pyrriah and me. The three of us were born so close together we might as well be twins.

Then there were our two sylph sisters. Azuliana and Sianili's two daughters they had together. Sylphs were hermaphrodites technically. They were the only one of the five races, or so I'd been taught, that didn't have cocks ever. Dragons controlled when they had theirs, elves only had theirs for three days in a month while gnomes were the opposite, losing their cocks three days in a month, and naiad always had theirs. A sylph needed another hermaphrodite to breed her.

Could I breed one of my sylph sisters? Or my step-mother? I was the son of a dragon and a god. A demigod of lust.

Frelia danced in my mind next. My oldest sister. She had violet hair and yellow eyes, a striking combination. Her round breasts always heaved. She was a dominating one, always giving orders to us younger siblings.

Iliasa was a few years older than us, the middle daughter. She had short, white hair and an elfin face. Cute and gentle but with the large breasts she'd inherited from our dragon mother. She had my dick throbbing.

What are you thinking about? asked Lasla.

He has naughty ideas in his mind, Pyrriah said. Her red hair spilling over her cheeks seemed like fire in the small grove. Moonlight filtered down through the palm trees.

Yes, I do, I said. 

I could be like Thrak, giving the woman of my family orders. A strong and dominating man. One who took charge. Like he had of Faoril, the black warlock. He'd tamed her magic and turned her from evil to good so she could help the noble Sir Angela in her quest to stop the feared dragon, Dominari.

According to my mother, Dominari was her cousin. Azuliana might be the last dragon left in the world. It was why we lived on this small island in the middle of the sea. Remote. No one would find us here. I heard stories of the world beyond, of all the delights. Of other men, like Thrak, who tamed women.

I'm going to breed our entire family, I declared, rising from Lasla. Our sisters. Even our mothers.

Yes! Lasla moaned, her voice brimming with passion. Our father would be so proud of you.

Mmm, I like it when you're bold, moaned Pyrriah. It makes me feel so wet when you're so dashing and heroic. Her hair almost glowed again like it had when she came. Take me. Make sure you've bred me!

Lick out the cum from Lasla's pussy while I do it, I ordered.

She obeyed. Oh, yes, I would take charge of the family.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I felt amazing the next morning. I stretched from my grass mat in the small hut I shared with Pyrriah. Our dominating brother had slept in her with us. He wasn't supposed to do that. Our mothers had built him his own hut. 

They didn't want him fucking us. But he had. He finally had. My blood sang with it. I just knew our divine father, Las, was happy with us. He was a man with boundless seed. His son had to be the same, just fertilizing every woman he could. I hoped I was pregnant with his babies.

I blinked when I saw him sitting up. He had a big smile on his face. I shivered and asked, What, Kurtis?

I want you and Pyrriah to lure...

I shuddered as I listened to his commands. Pyrriah, sitting up beside me, moaned in delight. I was so eager to obey. This would be just so wonderful. My excitement rippled through me. I couldn't wait for the fun to begin.

I had to wait for the right time. First, we had to help the family with breakfast. No one commented on Kurtis emerging from our hut. I don't know if they realized it, though Mother Azuliana seemed to be looking at us with narrow eyes.

It was a communal affair making breakfast. The fish Mother Azuliana had caught had to be cleaned and grilled. The family worked fast, Frelia giving out orders like she was in charge more than our mothers. My sylph mother just had a soft smile on her lips. She sat close to Mother Azuliana as we ate, their shoulders rubbing, their intimacy obvious.

Pyrriah and I sat beside our bother on the mats of woven grass. The smoke from the open heart rose in the air. We had a closed hearth for when storms came, but most days were too lovely to use it. We wore just simple clothing, grass skirts and bands about our breasts, a loincloth for Kurtis. He sat proud, like a king. He had changed.

It was so sexy. This must be what the mighty Thrak was like. The great orc barbarian who had left his people to help Sir Angela in her noble quest. He had braved so many dangers at her side. They said he sailed to the other side of the world with his wife at his side on a pirate ship.

Some say he conquered the lands on the other side of the world and ruled there still as a king with Faoril at his side and concubines delivered to him every day to satiate his orcish lusts. I quivered, aching to have that with my brother.

But we only had our family.

The morning passed so slow. There was always work to do. We had food to gather and we had to repair our structures. A storm had come in a week ago, and there was so much weaving to do. Afternoon came when, finally, we could employ our plan.

Iliasa, I need to relax, I groaned, sitting down beside my older sister. 

Her large boobs swayed in her top as she smiled at me, her hands weaving grass into a mat. You do look sweaty.

I know, I said. Why don't we go bathe. In the grotto. I love it there.

The grotto? Iliasa scrunched up her face. Her white hair ruffled in the breeze. She wore it short, a bob that didn't quite reach her shoulders. That's so far.

But soooo refreshing. I nudged her with my shoulder. Don't you want to go there and just soak for a while?

Soak? Pyrriah asked. She just happened to overhear us. Where at?

The grotto, I said.

Excellent! she said, grabbing Iliasa's wrists and pulling our sister to her feet. Let's go. I could use a soak.

I guess it's fine, said Iliasa. 

It'll be great, I said, hooking my arm through hers.

Yep, Pyrriah said, her red hair swaying. Her color was so striking. Kurtis and I both ended up with black hair, and while Frelia had violet hair, that wasn't too far from Mother Azuliana's sapphire hair. The red stood out.

And why did Pyrriah's glow? Mine didn't glow.

The three of us headed down the trail towards the grotto. It lay on the north side of the island, a small cut into the cliffside with a pool in it. The waters were always refreshing and crystal clear as they bubbled up out of the ground. A mineral spring that just took all the ache out of your muscles.

We chatted as we walked, not about much of anything. It took a half-hour or so to reach it, following the trail our family had made over the years. We had thoroughly explored the island. As children, Kurtis, Pyrriah, and I would mount expeditions to try and find new things.

We never did, but it was fun.

At the grotto, the three of us stripped naked. Iliasa didn't notice the coil of rope lying nearby as the three of us got into the pool and sank down into the refreshing water. I groaned as it spilled over me. My skin tingled. I sat my butt on the smooth water, my round breasts bobbing on the surface. Iliasa's big boobs really floated as she leaned back and closed her eyes. 

Pyrriah, sitting beside me, glanced down the trail and smiled. Our brother made his move.

Kurtis strode up naked, his body tanned by the sun. He was strong, his muscles rippling. Not a soft bit about him. He was all so hard, so different from us women. He was naked, his cock thrusting hard before him, his balls swaying. I licked my lips, remembering sucking on them yesterday when he took our virginities.

Three beauties bathing in a pool, he said, how lovely.

Iliasa's eyes snapped open. She gasped and whirled around, standing up. Her big tits heaved. She covered her breasts with her arms, cradling them while squeezing her thighs tight. Her pale cheeksnone of the sylphs ever tanneddarkened with a blush.

K-Kurtis! she gasped. You're not supposed t-to spy on us when we're bathing. Mother Azuliana will be very, very upset with you.

Do I look like I'm spying? he demanded, marching up. 

His cock bobbed. He was so thick. My pussy clenched, remembering him being in me. I let out a throaty moan as Iliasa trembled. She shuffled back a step as he approached. Her cheeks were even brighter now.

Why are you here? Iliasa demanded, her voice strained. And naked.

You know why I'm here, he said. His smile grew. I know that you like to look at me, Iliasa. I feel your eyes on me.

I don't look at you, she gasped.

Liar. He grabbed his cock. You're looking at me right now. You're staring at what you want. What your body craves. There are only two cocks on this island, and here's one right here.

Y-you're my brother, she said.

And?

I leaned over and whispered to Pyrriah, This is about to get so hot. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Iliasa's blue eyes were on my cock. I could feel them staring at me. She shuddered, her arms struggling to cover up the bounty of her large breasts. Her nipple peeked through between them, hard and erect. Water ran down her thighs, but was that only from the pool?

Don't be afraid, I said. I can give you what you want. What you crave.

Iliasa swallowed. Then she gave a frightened squeak and darted for the edge of the pool to run past me. I bent down and picked up the coil of rope. She burst past me and out of the grotto. I whirled around and grabbed her.

She gasped as I seized her by the arm and spun her about. Her tits came into view. They bounced and heaved, smacking together. Her flesh rippled as she stared at me with shock. Her blue eyes brimmed with emotion.

I could feel her desire. Her lust. I just had to get through to her that this was okay. I had to teach her body that she loved this. My dick ached as I grabbed both of her wrists and pressed them together. She squirmed, but I was stronger than her.

K-Kurtis, she stammered.

I pinned her against a palm tree and moved quickly. She gasped, her large breasts pressing against my chest while my cock rubbed into her stomach. Her thrashing felt amazing against me. I loved it, my cock twitching and throbbing with her every movement. I groaned, savoring that wonderful sensation. 

I threw the rope around the trunk and pulled it tight. In moments, I had her secured to the tree, arms thrust over her head. She gasped, her eyes wide. I stepped back and admired her beauty all bound up. The way her large breasts heaved. Her hips wiggled from side to side. She had no hair on her pussy, her lips bare and exposed.

Gleaming.

Kurtis! she gasped. This isn't funny.

No, it's not, I said, grabbing my cock. I know you want this. You've been lusting for this for months, haven't you? Years.

N-no, she gasped, her cheeks blushing so bright.

Liar. I cupped her chin and lifted her blue eyes to gaze into mine. You have those same desires burning through your veins as Lasla and Pyrriah.

I don't, she complained. I'm not a daughter of Las. I'm normal. I don't want this, Kurtis.

I stroked her cheek, her skin so silky. She was so flushed. I stared into her eyes, her pupils so wide they almost swallowed all the blue now. I pushed my cock into her stomach and my chest into her tits. Her hard nipples rubbed into my body. 

I leaned in to her ear, nuzzling aside her white locks, and whispered, Then why are your nipples hard, Iliasa?

I... That's is... It just happens. They get hard. It doesn't mean anything, Kurtis. Please, please, I'm your sister.

I know. My hand released her chin to slide my fingers down to her throat. I felt the flutter of her pulse. You're my sexy sister who needs her passions released. You need what I gave Pyrriah and Lasla. You need my cock in you.

I don't! she gasped.

My other hand slid my cock down her stomach. The tip rubbed down her skin. I shuddered as her skin grew silkier and warmer the closer I came to her crotch. I crossed her pubic mound and then I was nuzzling at the lips of her pussy folds.

Why are you so wet if you don't want my cock in you? I asked. I licked her ear. Huh, Iliasa?

Well... That is... She quivered. I was just in the water. That's why I was wet. That's just from the pool.

Really? I pushed the tip of my cock into her folds, parting them just enough to rub on her hymen. Only I didn't find a hymen. I shuddered at that. She was so tight, virginal tight, but she had no membrane.

Was that because she was a sylph?

Are those hot juices soaking around the tip of my cock from the cool pond? I asked in her ear, savoring her pussy squeezing around just the tip. I wanted to ram into her. But she had to beg.

She shook her head.

Are you sure? I asked, sliding my cock another inch into her virgin depths. Her silky flesh squeezed about me. 

Y-yes! she moaned.

Then why are you so warm and juicy inside? I asked. 

I... That's... She shook her head. 

So you don't want my cock to fuck you? I asked, pressing another wonderful inch into my sister's pussy. Her silky flesh squeezed about my dick. She felt so incredible. I wanted to just slam to the hilt in her.

But Thrak had discipline. So would I. 

Lust unrestrained was just chaos. Just thrusting my cock in anything was what a beast did. I had purpose here. I had intention. I need Iliasa to admit what I knew she felt. Her pussy clenched around my cock, almost sucking at it.

Huh, Iliasa? I asked.

She quivered, squirming, her breasts rubbing against me. Her face contorted in bliss. Her eyes squeezed shut. She whimpered and moaned. I loved her fight. Her struggle. She thought this was wrong, but I would show her how right incest was.

If you don't say anything, I'm just going to fuck you hard, I whispered.

She gasped, her twat squeezing around my dick. N-no, I don't want you to fuck me!

Are you sure? I asked. My hands stroked up her sides to her large breasts. Don't you want me to fuck you? To breed you?

The heat of her pussy flared. A warm breeze swirled around us, her white hair dancing. Her blue eyes quivered. She let out this moaning whimper. The struggle in her expression was incredible. Her body squirmed against the palm tree, the ropes binding her wrists above her head rasping.

No! she shouted. It felt torn from her. She panted. Ragged.

You're sure? I asked, my hands kneading her tits. You don't want me to fuck you and breed you?

Splashing echoed behind me, my other two sisters watching and having their fun. Iliasa cocked her head, staring past me for a moment. 

Ignore them, I said. Pretend it's just me and you. My fingers dug into her tits. Her pussy squeezed about my cock over and over again. Her hot juices ran down my shaft, leaking from her passion. Tell me the truth.

I... I don't... I don't want you to fuck me. To breed me! You're my brother, Kurtis.

That's your final answer? I asked, savoring being in her.

She whimpered and nodded.

Okay, I said and pulled out of her slowly.

I savored every inch of my cock pulling out of her pussy. It was so hard to do this. I didn't want to leave my sister's cunt. I wanted to stay in her. I wanted to fuck her so hard until she exploded on my cock. I wanted her howling out in pleasure as she quivered on my big dick.

But I would respect her wishes. I would control my lust because I wanted more than just to take her. I wanted her to beg for it. I wanted her to be utterly mine. I shuddered as I pulled out that last inch from her pussy.

She gasped as she was suddenly empty.

I stepped back, my cock bobbing out before me. The tip and a few inches of shaft gleamed with her pussy cream. She trembled there, her body squirming. She shoved her thighs tight together. Her face contorted.

T-that's it? she asked.

That's it, I said. If you don't want to fuck me, why Pyrriah and Lasla are more than happy to take my cock.

More than happy! Lasla moaned.

We love his dick pumping in and out of us, Pyrriah added. His cock was meant for us. To breed us.

You're not going to just fuck me? Iliasa whimpered. 

I smiled. What are you saying? That you want me to just slam my cock into you?

N-no. she swallowed. But I'm helpless. I couldn't stop you. I'm tied out. bound. I'm at your mercy.

My dick throbbed.

If you wanted to, you could just fuck me hard. You could pump all your seed in me and breed me no matter what I wanted. Feverish lust spilled across her face. She wiggled, the rope groaning over her head.

My dick twitched hard at what she said. My smile grew.

If you want me to fuck you, just say it, I said.

You're my brother! She trembled, her big boobs heaving. I d-don't want you to fuck me. But I can't stop you from sliding that big, thick cock into my virgin pussy and making me climax on your dick. I can't stop you from pumping all your incestuous seed in me and breeding me. You're stronger than me. You could tie me up whenever you want. I couldn't stop you. You could fuck me whenever you decide to force me.

Her thighs gleamed. Rivulets of pussy cream dribbled down from her pussy. Her entire body quivered, the palm tree quaking behind her. A breeze flowed around her, whipping at her hair, rustling the fronds over her head.

Please, please, I'm so helpless to stop you from doing whatever you want to me, Kurtis!

My sister's begging had me so turned on. This was even more exciting than getting her to admit she wanted me. This game, this desire to be bound and forced to cum, was intoxicating. The desperate need in her face to be fucked hard, that naughty gleam in her blue eyes, had me taking those steps back to her.

No, no, I'm you're going to take advantage of me after all! she gasped, her big tits swaying. They smacked together. You're such a lecherous brother.

Mmm, I am, I said.

Your father's blood pumps through you! You want to fuck me even though I'm your sister.

That makes it all the hotter. I grabbed her right leg and lifted it up, exposing her pussy to me fully. That hairless twat dripped in her passion. Her cinnamon musk filled the air around us. She smelled so different from my other two sisters.

I breathed it in.

I'm going to force you whenever I want, I said.

You cad! She quivered. Despoiling your innocent sister! Making her cum on that big dick and then breeding her! You should be ashamed of yourself!

Yes! I growled and pressed my cock into her pussy. I should be. But I'm not, Iliasa. You're mine now.

I can't say no! You're so much stronger than me. I can't stop you from making me into your toy.

That's right. I kissed my older sister on the mouth and rammed my dick into her pussy's depths.

She groaned into the kiss. Her tongue met mine while her pussy clenched around me. I groaned at taking another one of my sister's virginities. I filled her up, stretching out her tight hole. She squeezed around me, trembling.

Her big breasts rubbed into my chest. The rope rasped together overhead. Her right leg hooked around my waist, pulling me into her pussy. She squeezed around me, kissing me back with such hunger.

I broke the kiss. I'm going to breed you.

Insatiable monster! she moaned. Taking advantage of me! You're horrible.

So horrible, I groaned as I pulled back.

Yes!

Her pussy squeezed around me as I drew back like she didn't want me to leave her depths. Her leg flexed, pulling me back into her. I slammed to the hilt in her taboo pussy. I savored her hot flesh engulfing me again.

Behind me, my two sisters moaned. They were enjoying the show. I loved their eyes on me as I fucked our older sister. I slammed into the sylph's pussy again and again, reveling in the incestuous grip of her juicy cunt.

I stared into her blue eyes, loving the pleasure that spilled through their depths. She groaned and moaned, loving what I did to her. She whimpered, the air spilling faster around us. It caressed my hot flesh as I buried to the hilt in her again and again.

Such a wicked brother! she moaned and then wrapped her other leg around me. 

She held me tight. Both her legs gripped me. I drove into her pussy with hard strokes I slammed to the hilt in her. I buried hard and fast. I stared into her eyes as my dick plundered into her cunt again and again.

Her pussy gripped me. That wonderful and silky sheath squeezed about me. I groaned, plunging into her over and over again. I buried hard, my balls smacking into her flesh, heavy with the cum that I would dump into her pussy.

Such a bad brother! she moaned. Forcing me to enjoy this cock.

Mmm, you're going to cum on my big dick, aren't you, slut?

Yes! she gasped, her thighs squeezing about my waist while her pussy clenched about my dick burying into her pussy. You're forcing me to feel so much forbidden pleasure. You're going to make me explode. Such a cad. I can't believe this. Oh, yes, yes, I can't believe this at all! Fuck me harder! Ram that cock into my slutty cunt!

I did.

I buried hard into my older sister's cunt. I slammed to the hilt in her, savoring her moans, her pussy squeezing about my dick. I loved her passion. She could be as loud as she wanted. We were on the far side of the island. No one should be around to hear the slut.

I reveled in her pussy. I slammed deep and hard into her again and again. She built that pressure in my balls. That explosive ache that would have me spurting my seed into her fertile depths. I couldn't wait.

I kissed her again, claiming her mouth. She returned it with wild passion. I pounded her as she moaned into my kiss. Her nipples rubbed hard into my chest, her breasts so soft. I groaned, savoring every hard thrust into her pussy.

She kissed me with such passion. Her tongue thrust into my mouth now. She groaned, her cunt squeezing so hot around my dick. The silky friction increased around my shaft. She moaned and shuddered.

I broke the kiss and snarled, Are you about to cum on my cock, slut?

Yes! she moaned. You're making me feel so good. I can't help it! I know it's wrong, but... but... Yes!

Her pussy went wild about my dick. I groaned at the feel of her cunt writhing and spasming around my dick. The rippling bliss felt incredible. I groaned as I buried into my older sister's hungry pussy.

Breed me! she howled. I'm at your mercy! So helpless! I can't stop you! Pump all that jizz in me, Kurtis!

Master! I growled, pumping into her cunt. I own your pussy now. I own you!

Yes, yes, Master! she howled, her pussy convulsing so loudly. Just like the deadly rakshasa pirate that Thrak had tamed. He had made her into his slave.

And now my sister was mine.

Her pussy spasmed with such wild ferocity about my dick. I groaned as I slammed to the hilt in her writhing cunt and claimed her utterly as mine. I erupted my seed into her. I pumped my taboo spunk into Iliasa's convulsing snatch.

She bucked against me. Her thighs squeezed tight about me as the pleasure slammed through my body. She moaned, her big boobs rubbing into my chest. The ropes groaned above. The palm tree quivered and quaked while her pussy sucked at my cock.

My brother is forcing me to be his slave! she howled. Forcing me to be his breeding whore!

Yes! I growled, spurting blast after blast of my cum into her.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. I groaned at the bliss blazing across my thoughts. The rapture sizzled there as her pussy milked out the last of my cum. She emptied that load of cum. But she would be taking more.

So many more. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

Oh, my god, I hissed as I knelt on the pool beside Pyrriah. She wants him.

I know, Pyrriah moaned. She quivered beside me, her hip rubbing into mine. She's begging him to force her. It's so hot. Our brother is such a heroic man. Ooh, he's going to have such adventures. I can just feel it.

I glanced at her and saw her hair was glowing again. Not from cumming, but just from witnessing Kurtis dominating Iliasa. Already, he was heading back to her to fuck her hard. My pussy blazed over with rapture.

I need to cum, I moaned and kissed Pyrriah.

I pressed her down, squirming on her. This was so hot. This was so exciting. Our brother pounded Iliasa. Her moans echoed around the island as my tongue danced with my sister's. We were practically twins, our bodies nearly identical save our hair.

And the flavor of our pussies.

I spun around. I had to eat her. I had to feast on my sister. As she squirmed beneath me, lying on the very edge of the grotto pool, I straddled her face. I pressed my trimmed bush down on her face while I nuzzled my lips into her fiery bush. Her tangy musk filled my nose. That wonderful aroma had me shuddering in delight.

I licked her. She licked at me. In the background, our brother fucked our older sister hard, making her his slut. She begged to be bred as my tongue fluttered up and down Pyrriah's pussy. I shuddered, loving this so much.

Kurtis was such a stud!
 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I'm going to keep fucking you until

What in Illth's diseased cock are you doing to Iliasa, Kurtis! roared a voice that sounded so much like my dragon mother's.

I pulled out of Iliasa and spurn around to find Frelia marching straight at us. Her round breasts bounced in her wrap of woven leaves while her grass skirt rustled around her waist. She planted her hands on her hips in a great imitation of our dragon mother. Frelia's violet hair swayed in the breeze rustling through the trees around us.

Kurtis, what have you done? she demanded. You tied up our sister and fucked her? What is wrong with you.

He forced me, moaned Iliasa, a dreamy smile on her lips. I had no choice but to let him fuck me and breed me.

You little pervert, hissed Frelia. She marched up to me, fury on her face. I know that Las is your father, but that's no reason to be a horny degenerate raping your sisters.

So hard, moaned Iliasa. I had no choice but to cum on his cock.

My smile grew. Jealous.

Frelia flinched. What?

Are you jealous that I fucked Iliasa and not you?

Fury flashed across her face. Her yellow eyes, the same hue as Mother Sianili's, blazed with outrage. You think I wanted to fuck you?

Well, you are my eldest sister, I said. I've fucked all our other ones.

Fucked us so hard, moaned Lasla. She was lying atop Pyrriah. The pair were licking each other's pussies. 

Frelia's jaw dropped as she realized Lasla and Pyrriah were locked in their sapphic, incestuous embrace. They both moaned, squirming on the edge of the grotto pool as they devoured each other's twats.

It was the best, moaned Pyrriah. Mmm, better than eating your pussy, Lasla. Though that's good.

Eating pussy is the best, groaned Lasla. Especially full of our brother's cum.

I grinned at Frelia. So, you must be jealous.

Of course I'm not jealous that you... that you... That you fucked our sisters! Air gusted around my eldest. Her violet locks whipped about her face. Her skirt rustled.

Are you sure? I asked. I glanced over at Iliasa's bound form. Cum ran out of her hairless twat, spilling pearly white down her pale skin. I mean, I pumped a lot of jizz into our sister's pussy. I bet you're thinking, 'I'm the eldest. Kurtis should have fucked me first. It's only fair.'

That's not how family works! We're your sister's. We have the same mother. The same blood flows through our veins. You can't fuck us.

Or breed us, Iliasa moaned. Mmm, that was so naughty of you to force me to take your seed in my fertile pussy.

Frelia rounded on Iliasa. What is wrong with you? Are you drunk? Have you been making wine from flowers again?

I'm just tied up here helpless. Our brother could fuck me at any moment, and I can't stop him.

What did you do to her? Frelia hissed and turned back to me. Did you cast a spell on her.

I just fucked her, I said. I shoved my hand threw her grass skirt and cupped her hairless pussy. I felt her hot flesh, her lips juicy. 

SLAP!

Her hand struck my cheek. Her eyes blazed with anger. I grinned as the pain stung over my face. This excitement throbbed through me. It twitched from my dick and rushed through my veins. I rubbed at her hot cunt, feeling the truth of her body.

I thrust a finger up into her virgin depths. Her hot flesh engulfed me. She squeezed down on me as she gasped. Her cunt almost sucked at my digits, making my dick ache. She closed her eyes for a moment. Then they flashed open.

Her hand flew at my face again.

I caught it in my left hand and said, You need to understand what I can do for you, too, Frelia.

I won't be like Iliasa and beg for you to fuck me! she hissed.

I don't beg, gasped Iliasa. I'm tied up. He can do whatever he wants to me.

You're so transparent, snarled our eldest sister, her pussy clenching around my finger.

And you're not? I ripped my finger out of her pussy and yanked it up to hold it gleaming before her. That's how transparent you are. I pressed it against her lips, smearing her own pussy cream across them. The scent of lilac filled my nose.

An invigorating scent.

What is wrong with you! she hissed, stepping back. But I held her wrist firm in my hand. I wouldn't let her go. She swung in with her left hand now.

I leaned back, letting her hand fly helplessly in the air before me.

I'm showing you that you're a jealous hypocrite. You want your pussy to be dripping with cum, don't you?

Never! A gust of wind swept over me, rustling my hair and caressing my body. My dick tingled at it. 

You wish that was your cunt dripping in cum, don't you? I said, my dick throbbing.

Yes, yes, yes, you do! Lasla moaned, clearly bucking in orgasmic delight.

Oh, you so do! whimpered Pyrriah. I know I do.

Show her, Kurtis! Show her she's a big hypocrite! howled Lasla, her body trembling atop my twin.

You want to see what you really are? I asked and then jerked Frelia over towards our bound sister.

Frelia gasped, her round boobs heaving in her band. Her grass skirt rustled as I dragged her across the sandy path towards Iliasa. Her large breasts heaved. She whimpered, arms trembling in the rope binding her up.

It was a long rope with plenty of slack.

Frelia hissed and thrashed. I grabbed a fistful of her violet hair with my right hand and pulled harder. She gasped and snarled like a wild cat. Her left hand smacked into my side. She struck me over and over again.

You're going to be begging for my cock, I said and then forced her face into Iliasa's pussy.

Ooh, he's making you lick me clean, gasped the bound sister. My sylph-slut parted her legs wide. Lick it all out of me. It's okay. He's making you do it. That makes it right.

It doesn't! Frelia moaned, her face muffled by cum-filled snatch.

I wrapped her right arm around the tree and grabbed the length of rope. I wrapped her right wrist up in it, knotting it tight. Now I just had to get her left arm around the tree so I could have her bound in place, bent over, with her face buried in Iliasa's twat.

As if she read my mind, Pyrriah appeared. My redheaded twin pulled Frelia's struggling arm around the tree. She brought the wrist toward the one I'd already bound. I had just enough rope left to knot them together.

Frelia hugged the tree, trapped in place, her face pressed into hot twat.

Thank you, I said, cupping my twin's cheek.

Her red hair rippled with that fiery glow. It makes me so wet when you're so strong and commanding. You're like Thrak. Such a powerful hero.

I winked at her. Now I need to get our older sister to admit that she wants my cock.

How?

Driving her wild with my tongue. I stuck it out at Pyrriah.

She darted in and sucked on it. I groaned, my dick throbbing as she sucked on it. She grabbed my cock, pumping up and down it at the same time. Her lips pressed on mine, tasting of Lasla's spicy pussy, and then we were kissing for a moment. We had shared a womb.

I would share everything with her. And with Lasla.

I broke the kiss and marched around the tree, Pyrriah trailing me. Lasla sat down watching with feverish eyes. She had such a huge grin on her gleaming lips. I winked at her and then fell to my knees behind Frelia.

I tore off her grass skirt as she squirmed and moaned. Iliasa gasped. Her eye shone with such delight. Her breasts swayed back and forth. They smacked together as she groaned. It was clear she loved it. Approved of what I'd done.

He's going to eat your pussy! moaned Iliasa as my hands grabbed Frelia's rump. Oh, sister, yes! You can enjoy it when he forces you.

I'm not a perverted freak like you! hissed Frelia.

You will be!

Pyrriah giggled behind me. Then she hugged me. Her round boobs pressed into my back. Her hands grabbed my cock. She stroked up and down me. Her lips kissed at my neck. She licked at my skin. I shivered at the heat that surged through my body. My dick twitched and throbbed she pumped up and down me.

Make he cum, she purred.

I will, I purred.

I won't cum, hissed Frelia.

I will! Iliasa moaned. Ooh, you're rubbing your face into my twat. Just like me, Frelia. You don't have a choice. Master is making you do it. Our brother is dominating you. Just surrender to his passion!

Never! 

We'll see, I said and buried my face into her pussy.

I grabbed her rump and squeezed her. I licked at her cunt. I fluttered my tongue up and down her lilac-flavored folds. I caressed her, closing my eyes and savoring the taste of her. Her cunt juices melted across my tongue. 

What a wonderful passion to enjoy.

My tongue thrust into her folds. I caressed her. Teased her. I loved every moment of licking and lapping at her. She tasted so good. Her juices dripped down my chin. I groaned into them while she struggled. The tree groaned, fronds rustling.

Don't tell me that's not turning you on, I said. You are dripping wet, Frelia.

Oh, were you licking me? Frelia asked, sounding bored. I didn't feel anything.

Then why were you moaning? asked Iliasa.

I wasn't moaning! Frelia snapped.

Mmm, then why did the sounds you made feel so good against my pussy? Keep doing it. I'm going to drown you in all my pussy cream. Ooh, and there's so much of Kurtis's cum buried in my pussy. You should lick it all out of me.

Mmm, yes, moaned Pyrriah. She trembled, grinding her furry bush on my ass.  I had so much fun licking cum out of Lasla's pussy last night.

She's good at eating pussy, Lasla said. But Kurtis... He'll make you melt.

Our brother is a stud. Pyrriah pumped her hand faster up and down my dick. Drive her wild. Tame her.

Yes! I growled and buried my face back into my sister's pussy.

I squeezed my fingers into her butt-cheeks and lapped up that lilac nectar. The flowery cream melted across my tongue. I fluttered my tongue up and down. I attacked her with such force lapping at her wonderful twat.

Frelia groaned, her hips wiggling. Her butt-cheeks clenched beneath my hands. She strained. I could hear her fighting against the pleasure I gave her. My tongue stroked through her folds, caressing those silky pussy lips.

Then I found her clit.

I sucked on it.

She gasped. 

Ooh, she liked that, Master, Iliasa moaned, her large boobs swaying. She smiled at me, her white hair framing her wild face. Do that again, Master.

I sucked on Frelia's clit. I fluttered my tongue against it. Her hips bucked back, slamming her pussy into my face like she tried to knock me away. I grinned, her fight only making this hotter. I fluttered my tongue around her bud and then sucked on that little nub buried amid her petals.

Her juices ran down my chin. They dripped over my features. My fingers dug into her rump, squeezing and kneading at her. I felt the tension in her body, heard her wild moans and grunts as she fought against her pleasure.

Just like me, Iliasa moaned. Please, please, Frelia, just lick me. That's what I need. What you need to do to me.

Yeah, just lick her, I growled. Lick her, and you'll get to cum.

I don't want to cum! she moaned, her hips wiggling back and forth.

I lapped at her pussy again. I fluttered my tongue up and down her folds. You sure.

Yes!

I sucked on her clit. Her little bud throbbed in my mouth. Her butt-cheeks squeezed tight together while she let out a throaty moan. Her juices were so hot. They ran down my chin. Pyrriah squirmed behind me, her bush soaked in her juices. She stained my ass with her cream as she fisted my cock.

I popped my mouth off her clit. Well, if you don't want to cum, I bet Pyrriah does.

Ooh, I do, she moaned. 

Eat her! hissed Frelia. I don't care.
All right, I said and leaned back into Pyrriah's arms.

Once again, she seemed to know just what I wanted from her. My twin scooted back, her large breasts heaving over my head. She had this big smile on her mouth. I stretched out on the sand, my lips soaked in Frelia's juices.

You're actually stopping? Frelia asked.

Well, Pyrriah really wants to cum, I said as she straddled my head. She lowered her pussy towards my face. Unless, you want me to lick your pussy, Frelia?

My eldest sister let out a throaty groan. A tension filled the air as Pyrriah's pussy came closer and closer to my lips. Her tangy musk filled my nose. Her juices dripped from her hairs. I stared at Frelia's shaking ass.

Last chance, I said, waiting for that moment of surrender to come.

Wait! screamed Frelia.

To be continued...
