Dean is lying on his back on the motel bed holding aloft a Nintendo game system and cursing at it in Latin about cheating bastards and evil conspiracies. "You fucking cheating little dinosaur bastard!"

Sam thinks Dean must have gotten the machine in those two months they spent apart. Sam doesn't know what he's playing. Only that he is sprawled across the bed in only a pair of black jockey shorts cursing at the thing which is bright red.

Sam is filling in his journal. He's not archaic enough to write it by hand, it's posted online on a page called Livejournal under the username "dejuramortis." It keeps his darkest thoughts and secrets, like a true hunter's journal should, the fact that it's online keeps it that more secure from Dean who would only find it if he thought it offered him porn.

Dean looks like a porn star at the moment and Sam thinks that he should be used to it because Dean looks at nudity as a convenient comfort, but not outside the room as that might attract attention.

Dean's a good looking man and he knows it but this isn't about that. It's about having just showered and not caring that his brother might see his thighs and the way they fall invitingly open, or the underside of his arms.

Sam shakes away the thought, he's never looked at Dean like that. Well, other than that small crush he had when he was a teenager and that was just normal. They lived in each other's skin and he had never done anything about it. He outgrew it.

Now Dean is lying on the bed, drops of water from the shower caught in the hairs of his arms and he smells of motel shower gel and there are new places on his body that Sam doesn't know.

There's a hickey on the back of his knee, almost faded to nothing, and Sam wants to put his mouth there and suck a mark all of his own over the place so Dean knows that he belongs only to Sam.

Sam shrugs away the thought, checking his emails to distract himself. Apart from the usual spam and a few advertisements in Russian, there is nothing new.

With an "Ooomph," Dean turns over unto his belly to show a perfect parabola formed by his back, ass and thighs.

In the pool of shadows under the table Dark Jess sits, wearing a gown of utter blackness and she looks innocent, there only for Sam to see. She uncoils herself in a gliding motion that isn't even close to human so that she is wrapped around his shoulders.

"You love him," she whispers and her hair is like the tongue of a snake in the curve of his ear, "take him. Take what's yours."

He bats her away with his hand, because she's wrong, he doesn't want Dean like that - does he?

No, it's just been too long.

He hasn't seen Ruby in weeks, and has had no relief other than his own hand in the shower. Dean is a good looking man, that's all it is.

"Want," Jess made from Darkness whispers, "need," her breath is a tantalizing wet warmth, "take," she bites his lobe and Sam jumps, knocking the chair over.

"What?" Dean asks, still in his jockey shorts and sun warmed skin.

"Fucking spider!" Sam lies, dropping one of Bobby's heavy books on the floor, "Could have taken on Tokyo."

Dean's laugh is a low chuckle in the well of his chest.

"Man, it was a supernatural creature in its own right," Sam continues with the defensive lie. The darkness thinks that this is amusing and manifests as a spider on the linoleum of the motel. "Look!"

Dean's eyes open and on instinct he pulls his bare feet out of the way. "Okay," he says through the chuckling. "Monster Zero deserves a jump, now kill it already, or do you want the holy water and silver bullets to make sure?"

Sam steps on it, and he can hear the spider go "Please, I have kids to support," because the darklings can never resist the opportunity to snark.

"It's just a spider, Dean."

Dean smirks, "That spider, Sammy boy, it could have taken passengers. It's a terrible threat to hunters worldwide, and I know that I, for one, will sleep soundly knowing it was slain by the foot of the mighty Gigantor."

"Jerk."

"Bitch," Dean reacts maintaining his smugness, then shifts his attention back to the game console, "Okay you little cheating dinosaur bastard." And just like that the moment's over and Sam can imagine the taste of his brother on his tongue, salty sweet and sour with the lingering tang of incense.

***

The water in the shower is a tepid dribble, and the showerhead is level with his chin, so he has to crouch to be able to wet the top of his head. There's not quite enough shampoo in the tiny bottles and the stall is so small that he can barely move around enough to pick up another one.

If someone told him, in ignorance, that hunting was glamorous he would cite three examples to the contrary: sitting with Dean in the Impala for days, the pair of them stinking through the long drive with the air con on high. Greasy diner food that repeats no matter how you wash it down. And showers like this.

There are other things of course, the blood that you can't get out from under your fingernails, the lingering stink of goblins that gets into your clothes, the series of endless nameless fucks in bars you can't remember the name of.

The loneliness.

It's not the horrors of the job that wear them down.

It's the banality.

Sam thinks of Abraham Van Helsing who after having killed the vampire, drank himself to death in some Victorian tavern. Or maybe he'd hung himself.

What was left to live for when your nemesis was gone.

When you kill the monster all that's left is the hunt and the boredom.

Maybe he never had a home to go back to.

The hero should die with the monster, Sam knows, but they don't. They go on, in cheap motels with crappy showers, and greasy diner foods and Metallica's black album for the ten thousandth time and that's the true horror.

Sam's tired, but he can't stop. His monster isn't dead yet.

Somewhere a little girl torments a family while inside she screams and screams and screams because she doesn't want to, but there is a darkness inside of her. That darkness took Dean away from him, did Hell alone knows what to him, and for that she has to suffer.

She'll pay.

"He's going out, Boss," one of the darklings, Jeremy says, he's perched on top of the shower stall's glass panels. He's wearing a shower cap and has a back scrubbing brush that's far too small for anything but himself. "Want us to go with?"

"Yes," Sam says turning to look at the creature, "don't let him see you, though, report back to me if he does anything dangerous."

He climbs out of the shower, over the edge of the bath that is too small for anything but a child, and stands on the mat, drying himself off with a towel that feels like a cross between sandpaper and a sheet.

Jess sits on the toilet, lid down, and the darkness makes a dress out of her, and he can see it move, and blink and watch him. "You don't need him now," she says and her hands skim her sides, her hair roiling about her head because she is a construct. "You have me."

"You're not real."

She laughs. "Everything's real, Sammy. So why not? We have the room to ourselves," she opens her arms, "or don't you want me anymore, Sam? I can make it so good."

He turns away but when he looks at her in the mirror it's not Jess, it's Dean in the black fabric and it answers with Dean's voice. "I can be anything you want me to be, if you just want me."

"Make yourself useful," Sam tells it, though his mouth is dry and his tongue swollen. "Find me Lilith."

When it laughs, it's with Jess' voice which he's missed with a hunger he cannot describe. "Don't you love me anymore, Sam? I can make it so good, but I'm hungry, Sam. I'm so hungry." She stands up and cups his cheek and he can't help but lean into her hand though it's corpse cold, because it's Jess. "I'm waiting for you, Sam, in our special place, but I'm so hungry, I can give you everything, but I'm so hungry."

Sam bends down and kisses her.

He doesn't know what she is, but at least she's never boring.

***

Dean picks the icing off his piece of cake, the diner didn't serve pie, and is eating it in tiny chunks. There is a crumb of desiccated coconut just to the left side of his mouth that Sam wants to reach up and wipe off. In fact he has the urge to take a wet wipe and wash his brother's face.

Dean isn't a messy eater but Sam suddenly wants to put him in his place, to treat him like a child, because he's behaving like one with his cake.

He's doing it deliberately because there is a pretty waitress, who can't be more than sixteen, making googly eyes at him.

Dean won't do anything about it, but he's letting her watch.

If pressed he'd say he's being generous, because if they came back this way in five, ten years, she wouldn't even look at Dean, and for now, she can look all she wants.

Of course, if she was five or ten years older he'd be all over her like a rash.

Dean's like a dog in heat around girls that could pass for pretty.

He even tried it with Jess.

It's one of those things that Sam hangs onto when he's not pissed at Dean.

Since he's returned from his little sabbatical Dean is glowing like L'Oreal- would-commit-murder-to-bottle-that-glow glowing.

He looks haunted and chiseled as if something truly nasty lurks behind his eyes, and his eyes have been like that since Hell, but he looks healthy now, and no longer washed out. Whatever happened when he drove left, Dean looks better for it.

When Sam presses him on it Dean just tells him about this mad old woman in New York State and a gay bar in Chicago.

Sam doesn't believe him.

He has his own ideas of what happened. He thinks it has to do with the angel and the hickeys and he doesn't want to think what's going on. Dean's belongs to Sam, he'll share him with random women because then he stays with Sam, but the angel is a threat.

Dean is a soldier; a weapon; a hunter. Dean lives to protect Sam, to hunt, everything he has done is for Sam. Dean went to Hell for Sam. The angel threatens that.

The angel makes Dean want things that have nothing to do with Sam.

Dean's not allowed to want - he belongs to Sam. He can want only what Sam wants him to want.

Sam shakes that train of thought from his head, washing it away with coffee burned in the percolator and scalded by ineptitude.

It's bitter and thin.

Dean is still playing with the cake although it's dry. There is a napkin between them upon which Dean has scribbled some sort of weird design with a blue ballpoint pen.

Over dinner, he told Sam a joke about two angels that made Sam blush. It's the sort of joke Dean tells, but not about angels. He said he was told it by an elderly lady who looked like butter wouldn't melt in her mouth. He adds that she's the one who knit the sweater which was left in Bobby's because it's really too heavy for automated launderettes to do anything but disintegrate and takes nearly a day to drip dry.

Sam has one of his own, and just before they left Bobby's a parcel showed up with a third one, all cables and heavy knots, with a card pinned to it: For Robert from Magdalene Al'Ein'Dhor. The return address is New York State.
There were some books wrapped in the sweater, and Bobby damn near had Dean at gunpoint to get her address so he could call around. Dean just laughed and said she knew Bobby was handy with a hammer and nails and just wanted him to help her out in the house.

For the books she had given him Bobby was more than welcome to take the road trip. Sam didn't even recognize the language that they were in.

Sam feels left out and he doesn't like it. They all have secrets, he knows, but he'll find them out.

And Dean is sitting there just playing with his cake and grinning at the waitress like she has a hope in Hell and Sam puts his hand in his pocket, throws change down on the table, enough to pay for the meal. "I'll wait for you in the car."

Sam has research to do; he wants to find Alchemilla Hospital, because he suspects that where the answers are.

***

Local libraries in small out of the way towns often have books that they shouldn't have. Old tomes bequeathed by some strange old native that live in the wrong place on the shelves and Hunters worldwide always visit and liberate them.

Sometimes they're mixed in with cook books, sometimes with philosophy, one turned up in foreign languages. Sam's seen it all, so when Jeremy finds one in the children's section, stuck at the back of the shelf behind Winnie the Pooh and Where the Wild Things Are Sam's only surprised that it's not covered in crayon.

He gives it to Jeremy to put in the satchel he's wearing because librarians on the whole don't question piranha faced gremlins who are stealing from their library.

Outside it's raining hammers and nails and Sam doesn't want to go back to the Motel yet, it doesn't even have wifi, but the library is closing. Other than the small grimoire, it's a bust.

It's ten minutes back to the motel with the photocopies he's made wedged into his laptop bag, and the air has that March chill that seeps in through clothes.

Even the birds are quiet.

He climbs the steps, sloughing off water with each tread. Jeremy, he can recognize some of the imps by sight now, Perry most of all for having no nose, looks as bedraggled as he does and it makes Sam laugh because he's wearing a little plastic cape and hat, and instead of the usual combat boots he has gumboots. It's almost cute.

When he reaches the door to the room he shares with Dean he stops because Dean is not alone. "It is not that you don't understand," Castiel says, "it's that you don't have a frame of reference that you might understand."

"I'm fed up of you calling me stupid," Dean answers.

Sam waits because it sounds like his brother and the angel are fighting and he wants to hear this.

"I am not, you are far from it. It is merely that we cannot find something which we both understand that I can explain these things to you." Sam waits for an answer but it's Castiel that continues. "The failure is mine, not yours."

But Dean is stubborn. "Then why me?"

"You think too little of yourself, Dean, you were chosen because you are good."

Dean scoffs at that. "I've done things, bad things."

"Really?" the Angel asks, "what have you done? You have stolen to fund hunting, never for personal gain. You have caused pain only to save future anguish. If only all men were as righteous as you. You are the best of them."

"I'm not, what about Sam? What about Dad? Weren't they good enough for you?"

"No," Castiel answers, "they fight for revenge, for control, only you fight because it needs to be done without claiming anything for yourself."

"You're wrong." Dean says and there is some thudding. "I'm not what you think I am. I'm not worth it."

"The price was mine to pay," Castiel says and he sounds sad. "And I would pay it again. Nothing happens, Dean, without consequence. The bargain was made, once the conditions were met I took you from Hell because they were my orders, because you are a good man."

"And which demon did you make the deal with, Cas?" Sam can almost see his brother, "that Crossroads bitch."

Sam doesn't recognize the word that Castiel answers with, but Dean makes a noise like he's been stabbed.

"Her conditions were explicit." Castiel continues when really he should shut up, Dean isn't going to take this. "We had to wait until they were met, and then we carried you up to be one of us, to be our champion, our Savior."

"You rescued the wrong guy."

"Dean, I tire of your inability to see your own worth. You cannot see how brightly it is that you shine. The price was too high, but I would pay it a thousand times over."

"And what was it?" Dean is pressing. For some reason the air around the door feels warmer. Sam doesn't know why.

"That you make that final cut." Castiel says and his tone is dark. "She wanted to see you break."

"I broke long before then," Dean answers in a quiet, knife sharp voice.

"No," Castiel says, "you didn't. Reality is fluid in Hell, especially for someone as powerful as she is. You made the cut because you thought that you had made all those before it. She is the Queen of Pain, it dances in her hair and lurks in the shadows of her eyes. That you break was her price, Dean, and that watch you." There is a period if quiet. "But your humanity poisons you so that to you reality is fixed and so you cannot understand that just because something is real doesn't mean that it did or didn't happen the way you saw it. Memory is tricky."

"So now I remember it wrong." Dean says, just picking the fight because he only has two answers to anything, fight or flight. He's fighting rather than coiling in on himself, Sam knows it doesn't matter what Castiel says now, Dean is going to argue. "I remember that horror wrong because you say so? I did those things, Cas, whether you want me to have done them or not. You tell me everything I did was preordained because I'm some sort of prophesied Savior and I'm not, I'm just," he is quiet for a moment, and Sam can imagine him breathing, just breathing in and out to control his temper. "I can't be, you've got the wrong guy. . ." there is another long pause as Dean just gets more and more stubborn. "Just get out, and," Sam waits for it, "and don't come back. I don't want to see you again. I'll fight your damn war, I'll even be your damn savior, because it needs to be fought not because you ask me to."

Sam can't swear to it but he thinks he can smell smoke.

"And that is why you were chosen, Dean," Castiel says when he should really know how to shut up and he shouldn't sound so fond, so pleading. "Because you are the best of us all. You can choose and your choice redeems us. You are without taint so we can trust you to choose righteously."

Dean clearly throws something, or knocks it to the floor, because Sam hears it crash and then that distinctive flapping quilt sound that tells him the angel is gone.

Sam takes a deep breath, then a second, then a third. He makes heavy footfalls outside the door because it wouldn't do for Dean to know that he overheard him.

Dean sits on the bed wearing only his jeans. He has his hand in his hair and is tugging hard. "Hey, Sam," he says plastering on his biggest, fakest grin, "how was the book hunting?"