The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 51

Angie

The bedroom of our suite smelled like sex, but we had a small orgy in it and the odor was to be
expected. I was on my back in a deep sleep. Someone was curled against my left side, her arm
over me, her breasts and pubis jammed against me, her breath warm on my neck. Someone was
curled against my right side in the same position and with the same effect.  Someone was between
my legs, sleeping contentedly, using my inner thigh as her pillow. 

The problem was someone else was pounding on the door of the suite. I extricated myself from the
pile to the accompaniment of unhappy muttering, found my trousers, and stumbled toward the
door as I put them on. The clock read one. 

A beautiful young women stood at my door. It had to be Angela Anderson since, at first glance,
she was Andrea Mathews, who I knew to be asleep in my bed.  A second glance showed the
differences between the twins.  Where Andy was tanned and trim, Angie was pale from her winter
in Michigan and carried a little more weight. Where Andy looked happy with a twinkle in her eyes,
Angela looked mad as hell, almost demented, and on the edge of mental collapse.

"I want the bitch who says she is my mother," she said without so much as a hello. 

She stormed past me to the bedroom and turned on the light as she entered.  The three kittens
came awake with a start. 

"My sister!" Andy said, stumbling out of bed to embrace her twin.  

Angela appeared shocked by Andy's nakedness and incensed by her approach.  She shoved her
away. If she had any feeling of love for Andy, it was well hidden.  I expected Andy to be hurt, but
she turned to me with fire in her eyes. 

"Get a dose ready.  We are going to program her now,"  she said. Then, she gave me a big, sexy
smile and batted her eye lashes in mock submission.  "If that pleases you, Davy."  

I grinned back at her.  I told you there was steel under the softness.

Angela was standing at the end of the bed, glaring down at Mary and Lisa, both of whom lay there
totally exposed.  Open mouthed, Angela stared at them, as if trying to comprehend their nakedness
and occupying one bed. I felt sure the nipple and pussy rings surprised her, too. 

Angela knew which one was her mother.  The truth is, except for a few lines of age on Mary
which I found to be sexy and appealing, the three of them could have been triplets.

"Why did you abandon me, you goddamned bitch!" Angela screamed. 

"I did not abandon you, baby.  Please!  Let me explain!"  Mary replied as she started to get out of
bed. 

"Go to hell!  I hate you for abandoning me!  Never, ever contact me again!  Stay the hell out of my
life!"

Andy grabbed Angela by the shoulders, but Angela yanked away.

"Look at me, Angie.  I am your sister.  I am you," she pleaded.

"I hate you even more then I hate her because you are the one our Mother chose and I am the one
she gave away!  You go to hell, too!"  

Angie's voice was cold as ice, hatred and resentment spewing forth with every syllable. 

I could understand Angie's anguish from her feeling of abandonment.  It must be horrible to think
your mother is dead, to grow up without her, only to find she is alive and has never once tried to
see you. As great a horror as that is, finding out she kept your twin but left you can only
compound your desolation. 

And, I can understand Mary's sorrow.  I prayed I would never experience anything that
devastating.  The loss of a child, particularly when the child is somewhere in the same country but
you cannot see her, must be as deep a pain as that which was ripping Angie apart.

Often, this type of deep psychological rift can take years to heal.  Fortunately, I could do
something about it. I would have acted even if Andy had not demanded I act.

As Angela turned to leave,  Andy seized her in a full nelson and fell back on the bed with Angela
struggling and screaming on top of her.  Lisa held Angela's legs and Mary held her head as I
poured the chemical down her throat.  As always, she relaxed and her eyes rolled back in her head
when the chemical hit her system

I programmed her as follows:

"Kitten Angela, I am Davy, your man and your master.  You are my slave.  You belong to me.  I
call my slave kittens and you are my kitten. You love me with all your heart and mind, as you
hoped in your wildest dreams you would some day love a man. You are loyal, devoted and caring,
wishing only the best for me. You want me to be happy. You obey my every command.  You are
docile.

I love you. You have no doubt as to my love or caring for you. My love for you is what you can
always rely on. 

You love Mary, Andy and Lisa deeply and fully, for they love you that way.  The four of you
share a deep affinity and caring. 

You fully realize and appreciate how much you are cherished and loved by the four of us.

Any resentments you feel toward any of us will be held in by you.  Those feelings will come out in
discussions with all of us after we return to Colorado.  Then, those resentments will disappear,
forever vanquished from you.

You will never reveal your programming or your status as my kitten to anyone, but you will be
aware of it. Being programmed will be natural to you.  You will understand its benefits and
welcome it. You will protect and preserve the status and integrity of our relationship.

I can alter your programming at any time by giving you the command 'Kitten Angela.
Programming adjustment.'  Programming will be complete both this time and in the future when I
say, 'Kitten Angela. Programming terminated.' You will then follow your new commands. No
other person may change your programming.

Any time you wish something, you may come to me and seek it. Even if it is buried in your
subconscious, you can relate it to me. You may always talk to me, asking whatever you wish and
you will know I answer you truthfully.

You enjoy being owned by me, being a kitten.  You enjoy sex with me and with anyone else, male
or female, I order you to be with.  You take pride in your body and your sexual skills.

You are a loving, kind, caring woman who enjoys life, works hard to keep herself in physical,
mental and emotional condition, is very happy to be my kitten, and, above all, loves, trusts, and
wishes to please me.

I repeat: You obey my every command. You are docile.

Kitten Angela, programming terminated."

Mary hugged me as tears flowed down her face.

"Thank you, Davy, for thinking of me," she murmured as I hugged her reassuringly.

"Help me," Andy grunted as she struggled to get Angie's dead weight off her. 

I lifted Angie to the head of the bed, propping her up on pillows. Mary and Andy sat on each side
of her, holding a hand.  Lisa and I sat by her feet.  

You probably noticed I programmed Angie differently than I programmed Lisa. Particularly, I
twice told Angie she would obey every command and be docile.  First, Angie is a different person
with different circumstances than Lisa. More importantly, I wanted to have a greater control of
Angie than I did the others until her subconscious had an opportunity to percolate these problems
and sort through them. Mary summarized that for all of us. 

"Davy, it may be a few days before the programming takes full effect. When there is a great
conflict and the programming is new, her brain has to work through the problems."

"We will give her that time.  It will be okay, Mary."

"I know, my love," she whispered, squeezing my hand.

It was three or four minutes before Angie's eyelids fluttered.  She looked at us, focusing on each
in turn. She looked at each of us again, this time calling our name as if associating name and face.
Then, she stared at me.

"You are Davy?  You are my master?"

"Yes, Angie.  I am."

"I am your kitten?"

"Yes, Angie. Do you understand what being a kitten means?"

"Yes.  I am your slave. I belong to you.  I am to obey every command and to be docile.  But, you
love me, too, and I love you.  I love you more than I thought imaginable.  It is confusing."

"It will become clear to you over the next few days. I have some new jewelry I want you to wear."

She lay still as I fastened the necklace, bracelet and anklet on her, and put the ring on her thumb. 
She was exactly Andy's size and the jewelry fit perfectly.  She stared at the thumb ring. Then, she
stared at me. 

"I do not want to be your slave.  I do not want to obey you."  She shook all over, like a dog when
it is chilled. "What is it you wish me to do, master?"

"When I say sleep, you are going to sleep, a deep and very restful sleep.  In the morning, we will
gather your belongings at the Caldwell's house and leave to go home."

"Home?"

"To Colorado.  To my home, where you will live."

"I live here, in Grosse Pointe.  I can't sleep in Colorado.  I can't sleep here. I have no nightgown."

"We sleep naked, Kitten Angie.  I want you to undress."

"No.  No man has ever seen me naked.  I will not do it."  

As she spoke the words refusing the order, she removed the sweatshirt she was wearing.  Then,
she unzipped her jeans. She stopped and covered herself, turning to prevent me from seeing her. It
was as if her body and her mouth were controlled by two different brains.  She was saying what
she would have said unprogrammed, but following my instructions.

"I order you to remove your bra and panties," I said. 

"No," she replied, but she removed them slowly.

Angie was white, softer and a bit heavier than Andy.  But, Andy was a skier and hiker while Angie
was a college kid in Michigan.  She first tried to cover her nakedness, body curled, arms covering,
with her side turned to me.  But, seeing the other three kittens naked and comfortable with it, she
slowly relaxed until she stood without apparent embarrassment.

I was glad the living room of the suite had a couch which made into a double bed. That king sized
bed in the bedroom would not hold all of us comfortably. Stiffly, Angie lay down when I ordered
her to do it.  Her face reflected her fear as I looked down at her.  I tucked her in bed and kissed
her cheek.  

"Now. Kitten Angie, when I say 'sleep', you will fall into a deep, restful, pleasant sleep. In that
sleep, your subconscious will work on your programming and on your feelings, coming to realize
your programming is correct and best for you. You will sleep until you hear me say, 'Wake up,
Angie.'  Then, you will awaken happy and fully rested."

"I am a sex slave.  Why aren't you going to fuck me?" she asked, shivering again, face devoid of
emotion. 

"Sleep, Kitten Angie."

Her eyes closed and she was asleep.

"May I sleep with my sister?  It would be like a slumber party," Andy said, eyes bright and wide. 

"Yes, you may.  However, I order you to sleep as soon as your head hits the pillow." 

"Spoil sport," she muttered, crawling into bed.  She maneuvered until she was pressed against
Angie.  She was careful not to let the pillow touch her head.  She smiled at me and winked before
laying her head down.  She was instantly asleep.

I commanded Lisa to sleep also, leaving only Mary and me awake.  Mary cuddled up against me.

"Thank you for everything," she whispered. 

"You're welcome.  Do you want to go to sleep?"

"What are my alternatives?" she asked as her took my soft cock in her hand. 

Since I had several alternatives, it was a while before she and I went to sleep.  

In the morning, I let Angie sleep until the rest if us had showered and were dressing. Her spirt was
better thanks to a good night's sleep, but it was still obvious to me that the mental and emotional
conflicts were warring inside her.  I did not expect it to stop overnight.  I knew time was on my
side and patience would prevail.  However, she appeared serene and calm which was definitely an
improvement over last night. 

I instructed Andy, Lisa and Mary to wear jeans and pullover cotton sweaters. All four of them
wore the kitten bracelets on their left wrists. They all wore bras since I did not want to blow
George's mind with all that female pulchritude.  It was going to be hard enough (pun intended) for
any male who saw the four of them in their skin tight jeans and revealing sweaters. 

George, Patty, George Junior and Beth were all eagerly waiting for us when we arrived at their
house.  We had a pleasant but tear racked breakfast as the Caldwells said goodbye to Angie. The
four of them cried at losing her, but they understood she wanted to be with her mother and sisters. 
Of course, they did not understand she was programmed that way.  

Angie redressed in her jeans and sweater to match the others.  After packing some of Angie's
things to take with us and preparing the rest for shipment, we said our goodbyes and headed for
the airport.

We boarded first, which delayed the other passengers since the four argued about who would sit
with whom. I sat Lisa by Andy and Mary by Angie, across from each other in the first row of first
class. I had the left aisle behind them.  I enjoyed watching all the boarding passengers trying not to
stare at my four kittens. Sitting next to me was a nice guy in his fifties.  He smiled and said hello
before pulling out his laptop. I did not hear from him again.  

The flight was uneventful, as was the drive from Denver to Vail.  During that time, Mary, Andy
and Lisa took turns visiting with Angie. Angie spoke little and then usually in response to a
question from someone else.  

When we arrived in Vail, I sent Andy and Angie on a short tour of the town and the grocery store. 

While they were gone, I asked Mary if anything interesting had occurred in their conversations. 
She replied in the negative. 

As always, dinner was excellent and relaxed.  We visited after dinner as usual.  When it was
bedtime, I sent Angie into the second bedroom to sleep, once again instructing her subconscious to
work on the issues.  I crawled into my bed with my three kittens.

The next morning was a blah, with all three kittens in a blue mood.  The day did not get better. 
Angie was lethargic and uncommunicative.  I could not understand why she was not responding
properly to her programming.

That night I left them to talk and hit a bar.  Things got better there when I found a women I
remembered as being on the "Triple A" list.  Luck was with me and her husband was out of town. 
So, I shacked up, which is something I had not done in a long time. 

When I sneaked into my bedroom about two, there were four kittens in my bed. They were
stretched out side by side.  It was a beautiful sight to see not only for the physical beauty but
because it meant some progress was being made by Angie.  I quietly slipped out and crashed in the
bedroom Angie had been using.  In a few minutes, I heard the patter of feet. 

She pulled back the bedcovers and slipped in by me.  I felt her mouth around my cock, sucking
gently.  When he got hard, she eased him into her pussy and sighed, putting her head on my
shoulder.

"I love you," she whispered.

"I love you, too," I answered, as I rolled her over.

She wrapped her legs around me and pulled me into her, groaning as I fucked her long and hard.
She came at least three times before I let myself cum in her.  

"Don't pull out.  Stay on top of me," she murmured in my ear, her legs locked to hold me in her.

We fell asleep that way.

I awakened with Lisa kneeling on my bed with a mug of hot coffee. She let me have half of it
before taking it for a refill.  Mary returned with the coffee this time.  As she knelt by me, I slipped
my finger through her pussy ring and tugged.

"Unless you plan to fuck me, don't do that," she said with a grin.

"I would love to fuck you."

"You are a horny tom cat.  Twice last night wasn't enough?"

"How did you know about the other one?"

"I tasted her on your cock.  Who was she?"

"Brenda."

"Oh.  Charlie must be out of town again.  Bert used to love to fuck her."

"Well, do I get fucked?"

"Of course, my love."

I turned to put my mug on the side table.  When I looked back, Andy and Angie were standing
there.  

"Good morning, kittens."

When they answered, it hit me.  Andy's voice was positive, with a musical lilt.  Angie's was
passive, a monotone again.  I had programmed her incorrectly.  I had programmed her to be
docile. As much as I liked fucking Mary (or any of them), it was time to begin the dialogue with
Angie to exorcize her demons.

We began after breakfast, all five of us sitting in a circle in the living room. I changed Angie's
programming, removing the docile command. 

It took all day, with food being brought in and short restroom breaks.  The tears and crying were
severe.  The hugs and touching were greater, however.  By the end, I felt Angie, Mary and Andy
had worked out the family problems well enough that future problems would be bumps, not hills.

Part of what came out that day was Angie's sexual history, which I found to be very interesting. 

Think about it.  They were identical twins but raised completely apart without knowledge of each
other. One was raised by a mother, the other by a father. One in a rural setting, one urban. What
would you expect Angie's history to be?  

I knew what I expected.  Since Mary was so open sexually and Andy was sucking cocks at
thirteen, I expected Angie to be a wild and wanton little slut.  Remember, Andy might have been if
she had not been programmed by Uncle Bert. 

Angie was a virgin.  Once, she had sucked a boy's cock, but she was in college before she did that. 
She had been making love with Elizabeth, her cousin, for two years. It began as curiosity,
expanded to mutual masturbation and ended as girl-to-girl sex.  While Donald had been very
puritanical with her, and the Caldwells were, as George had, conservative sociologically, neither
must have extended their sex prohibitions to same sex activity.  

Interesting, isn't it?  All three of my kittens enjoyed sex with other women.  And, it was the only
kind of sex Angie had experienced.  I wondered if all females were naturally bisexual, or if
circumstances had created these situations.  Were these situations anomalies?  Or, did they occur
all the time?  How about us men?  Are we naturally bisexual?  Like I said.  Interesting.

That night, I lined my kittens up to be kissed.  All were naked except Angie.  I received my
standard eager, deep tongue kisses from the three. Angie kissed me like I was a Dutch uncle.  

"Davy, if you like, I will teach her how to kiss," Andy said with the devil in her eyes. 

"I can handle it, but thank you."

"One more night alone, Angie.  Tomorrow night you will be in my bed," I said.

She blushed, but her eyes were hot. She started to say something, but stopped, turning even
redder. The programming was really kicking in now that the block of the other problems was out
of the way. 

"As you sleep, think about what will happen tomorrow, Angie.  Think and dream," I said, kissing
her again.

In the morning, I was awakened to whispers and the smell of coffee.  Two kittens were kneeling
on my bed.

"This is the way we awaken him.  If he is near the edge of the bed, we kneel on the floor.  If he is
in the middle of the bed, we kneel next to him.  Like this, with your leg against his. Keep your
knees apart so he can play with your pussy if he wants to."

"Does he want to a lot?"

"Oh, yes.  Now, say 'Good morning, sweetheart. Here is your coffee.'  After you hand him the
mug, kiss him on the lips.  Be sure to let your nipples drag across his chest.  He likes that.  Ready
to try it?"

"I guess so."

"That was not very positive."

"Sure.  I am ready."

I felt movement as Angie maneuvered closer to me.  

"Good morning, sweetheart.  Here is your coffee."

I opened my eyes.  Can you imagine any sight in this world you would rather wake up to than
Andy and Angie naked and kneeling on your bed?

As I took the mug from her, Angie was a bright red. She leaned over and kissed my lips. For an
instant, a nipple touched me.

"No. Drag them. Do it again."

Andy pushed down on Angie's back as Angie kissed me again.  This time her nipples dug furrows
in my chest because they were hard as diamonds.

"Better.  Now, sit without speaking and await his pleasure."

As I sipped the hot coffee, I slipped a hand between Angie's legs. I let my fingertips tantalize her
thigh from knee to crotch before I stroked her pussy lips with one finger.  Her lips were already
swelling with desire, which pleased me greatly.

"Andy, he is doing it.  Oh."

"Feels good, doesn't it?"

"Yes.  Oh, Andy, Andy.  His, finger, is, is, going, in, me."

"Tilt your pussy towards him, not away.  Make it available to him."  

Andy was pushing on Angie's ass to direct her pelvis in the direction she wanted. I slipped my
finger out of her and held it up.

"What does he want?"

"Lick his finger clean.  Not like a popsicle.  Take it in your mouth like it was cock and suck and
tongue it.  That's right."

The first half mug had wound its way to my stomach and I was able to talk.

"How are you this morning, Kitten Andy?"

"Wonderful, Davy.  How are you?"

"Fine, thank you.  And, how are you, Kitten Angie?"

"Wonderful, too, Davy."

"What would you like to do today, Angie?"

She turned a beet red and glanced at Andy, who smiled at her.  Angie looked back at me.

"I would like to become a real kitten," she replied with a sensual grin. 

"Good.  It is time."

"It was time last night," jumped from her lips.  "Oh, sorry, master."

I was so pleased she was eager.  

"Have you told your mother?"

"No.  Why?"

"Go tell her.  And, get me another cup, please." 

Do you remember how you lost your virginity? I remember losing mine.  In fact, I told you about
the Stevens sisters. Remember?

Losing your virginity is something everyone remembers.  Angie will be able to remember more
easily than most.  We made videos.  

Mary, as you recall, had been lying next to Andy when Uncle Bert took her virginity almost three
years ago. Either programming or some quirk in the human brain made her forget they videoed it
until Angie losing her virginity was imminent.  I would not let Mary show Andy's video. I wanted
today to be Angie's day.

Lisa manned the camera.  Mary and Andy were on either side of us.  Angie was on her back, legs
open, feet firmly planted on the mattress. She was shaking she was so nervous. Or, was it
excitement?

I had been kissing and playing with her, whispering sweet nothings in her ear.  I could tell she was
very eager for this to occur. 

"Its okay, honey," Mary said solicitously, stroking back Angie's hair.

"She will be fine, Mom, won't you, sis?"  Andy chimed in, bright as a chipmunk.

"The camera is ready, Davy, whenever you are."

"Go ahead, Davy.  Fuck her!  Let her know how good you are!"

"You will love this, baby.  Just relax."

"Should I start filming now?"

I felt like a porn star in a really cheap production with three directors.  I must admit I was
comfortable being watched during sex since I fuck a kitten with the others watching, but Angie was
not use to it and I did want her first time to be wonderful.

Andy grabbed my cock and pulled me toward Angie.

"Unhand me, kitten!  Now, the next one who speaks or touches or interferes has to leave the
room. Understand!"

I received three recalcitrant "yes, sirs" and blessed peace.   

I moved over Angie, feeling the tip of my cock bump between her legs.  She was smiling up at me
radiantly.  She slowly took in my face in both her hands and gave me a sweet, long kiss.

"I guess it is my programming, but this seems so right. I never envisioned it this way.  A man I call
my master. My family watching me as I lose my virginity." 

Her hands slid down my body towards my crotch.  I felt her take my cock in her fingertips to guide
him into her.

"A woman dreams of her first man.  She imagines a knight on a white horse or a movie star.  You
exceed my dreams, Davy.  Is that the programming, too? Whatever it is, I want to belong to you.  I
want to be your kitten."

I kissed her again as she tilted her hips a fraction, lodging my cock in the entrance to her love
tunnel. She raised her legs, knees bent, until her knees almost touched her breasts.

Slowly, letting her adjust to me, I pushed. Her hymen had been long lost, probably to Elizabeth
and a vibrator.  I felt her pussy spasm around my cock as she took me in.  I trapped her knees
under my arms, her biceps in my hands as anchors. Her eyes were glazed and watering as she
groaned.  I began to fuck my new kitten.

I felt the sweat start, saw in her face that instant when she was so sexually electrified being fucked
was the only thing which mattered to her. 

"More, Davy. Faster," she whimpered, arms locked around me.  

"Now, Davy. OH SHIT!  FUCK ME, YOU STUD!  FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!  RAM MY
PUSSY WITH YOUR COCK! HARDER.  OH GOD!  OH GOD!  FUCK ME!  FUCK ME! 
I'M CUMMINGGGGG!" 

Yes, she was Andy's identical twin.  Both of them screamed like banshees when they orgasmed.  I
knew I would program her to be a kitten or a dove or a lady, just like Uncle Bert had programmed
her sister.  

And, like her sister, Angie wanted to be fucked until she could not stand anymore.  She sweated,
she moaned and whimpered and raved.  She fucked back as hard as she got. What a fuck she was! 
Natural talent like her mother and sister.

When I was ready to cum, I slipped my arms behind her knees and lifted, raising her so my cock
was straight down with the head on her cervix. I pumped her full of cum.  She knew what I was
doing and why I was doing it.

"I can feel your seed in me.  Make me pregnant, Davy.  Give me your baby!"

It was Andy who made sure none of that seed in her went to waste and Lisa who did the same for
my cock. 

So, now we were five.  In alphabetical order, Kittens Andy, Angie, Lisa and Mary.  And one
always horny and happy tom cat named Davy.

To be concluded . . . 

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com