“Andy!” Red shouts, leaning out the window, waving at the figure a short distance down the strand. “Goddamn it, Andy, get in here! Breakfast!”

“Just a minute!” Andy shouts back, handing something to the small, painfully thin girl standing beside him. Red knows the one: her face is dirty and her feet are bare, but she's quick, clever, and has a knack for selling her grandmother's handmade tin-petaled flowers. “I found some good ones today!” Andy adds, waving after the girl as she trots off down the beach with her prize. She'll sell it within hours to a tourist who's missed low tide.

Red folds his arms across his chest, his eyes never leaving Andy as he makes his way up to the house.

By good ones, Andy means the shells that wash up in droves and are of no use to anybody but the street-urchins. Red frowns. No junonias, then—or, wait, that's not right. Andy had been trying to explain that those only turn up on some tiny island off of Florida, and sometimes on Yucatán. Sell for a mint. Pity they're not on the other damn side of the country.

Andy steps up to the casement and leans forward, taking hold of Red's elbows.

“You're angry,” he says, just like he says most mornings, smiling that patient smile.

“No,” Red says, not bothering to pull away, “I'm irritated. There's a difference.”

“Not with you,” Andy replies, and Red doesn't even try to dodge the kiss. They'd figured out at least a few years ago now that nobody minds, not least because they keep at least half the town flush. Back at home, they wouldn't be wealthy men—not anymore—but here, they're kings.

Red serves up cornmeal porridge the way his older sister used to make it. Presumably, she'd learned it from their mother, but their mother had been too drunk for most of Red's childhood to know the pot from the fire. Better that way, what with what had become of her sons, God rest her soul. Red's sister is eighty now, has twelve grandchildren, and lives in Detroit.

She sends lengthy letters and pleas for her only surviving brother to come visit.

Red sends her apologies, postcards, and cash.

“Who taught you to cook?” asks Andy, passing Red the milk. Their battered wooden table has remnants of bright blue paint.

Red won't restore it, because Andy likes it that way.

“Picked it up here and there,” Red says, grinning at him. “Just like everything else.”

“You can talk about your family," Andy replies. "I don't mind. I spend enough time talking about mine, and they're not even alive anymore.”

“At least you've got worthwhile memories. Those are something I haven't got many of.”

“You and your sister seem close.” Andy reaches across the table. “I enjoy her letters.”

“I leave out the parts where she calls you the Devil Himself, capital D, capital H,” Red tells him, taking his hand.

Andy is easy now with touching. Didn't used to be.

“Why?” Andy asks, smiling wider, as if it's the funniest thing he ever heard. “Because I spirited you away and tempted you into a life of sin?”

“The life of sin, she doesn't know about,” Red says. “And I'm going to keep it that way.”

“I was thinking,” says Andy, “we should travel this Christmas. No sense in trying to cross the border, but we haven't seen the opposite coast.”

“True,” Red agrees. “See Yucatán, climb those ruins. Find yourself a few speckled gold-mines.”

“They only wash up in hurricane season,” Andy points out. “We won't be going then.”

“How about you learn to scuba-dive? Didn't you say they stay in better condition underwater?”

“If you're lucky enough to find one, yes.”

“Then find some gear,” Red tells him, “and get diving.”

Andy laughs and shoves his half-eaten bowl aside. “What about some luck?”

“You're the luckiest bastard I know,” says Red, half smiling. “Except for myself.”

* * *

Autumn evenings are Andy's favorite, not least because the sun is less fierce and there's the ghost of a breeze sweeping across their own tiny patch of heaven. Except it isn't that, not really. They've got problems just like anyone else, and if anyone knows problems better than most, it's them.

Tonight, for example: the roof is leaking again, and this, in Red's book, is a catastrophe.

“That's it,” he mutters, scooping up his clothes, retreating to the far side of the bed. “We're moving. Even the hurricanes must be better than this.”

Andy balances precariously on the mattress, holding the bucket out at arms' length, wobbling his way to the foot of the bed. The droplets seem to be coming from several places at once. “My biggest concern is the mattress,” he says. “The damp will ruin it.”

“Andy, the goddamn roof is rotting through, and you're worried about the bed.”

“I like this bed,” Andy says, satisfied to hear a steady trickle finally hitting the bottom of the bucket. “You crowd me out of it.”

A pillow slams down on his toes, but without any real malice.

“Leave it to you to wax sentimental. We can buy a new bed.”

“But not a new house,” says Andy, frowning. “This one almost bankrupted me, believe it or not.”

“I suppose you're right,” says read, with a sigh, flopping back against the headboard. “Yucatán would be too expensive for our blood, I'll bet.”

“Unlike this place, it's a tourist destination people have heard of.” Andy hops down to the floor and situates the bucket at the foot of the bed. It's catching most of the drops, but a few still make it onto the pile of sheets and woven blanket, dampening the soft, worn fabric.

Red crawls down the length of the bed and grabs Andy by the wrist.

“Get over here,” he says, “you stubborn son-of-a-bitch.”

I love you, too, Andy thinks, and it's so rarely spoken, so rarely even mentioned, except for the fact that it's everywhere around them in this shambles of a house, in each and every unreasonable thing they do for one another. If it isn't love, then Andy doesn't know what is.

Red's already shirtless, and in less than thirty seconds, Andy is, too. That's about as fast as it gets, though. They're not young men. They're comfortable and middle-aged, possibly even getting old (in Red's case, although Andy doesn't like to dwell on that; it's just shy of a decade's difference, but sometimes it seems like a century). Ergo, the sex tends to be comfortable and middle-aged.

Sometimes, it's difficult, so they just fool around and fall asleep.

Andy knows every scar Shawshank has left on Red's body, and Red knows every one of his.

“This is that life of sin your sister's worried about, isn't it.” Andy bends and presses his lips to Red's collarbone, shifting slightly up onto his knees so that Red's hips aren't taking the brunt of his weight. “She fears for your immortal soul. What do you tell her?”

“I tell her it's none of her fucking business,” Red gasps. “Only more polite. She once left me black and blue for taking the Lord's name in vain.”

“You can do that all you like,” says Andy, and then sucks on the spot he'd kissed moments before. “But I'll leave you black and blue for a different reason.”

“She's right about you,” Red sighs as Andy kisses his way lower. “Capital D, capital H.”

* * *

Red is arguing with Carlos over the price of a wheelbarrow in regrettable Spanish.

“No,” Red says. “Absolutely not. The wheels fell off the old one, for crying out loud!”

“Andy pays whatever I ask,” Carlos asserts, stubbornly locking his jaw.

“I'm not Andy. Growing up, I knew my way around a wheelbarrow. Andy would've been lucky to know his way around the kitchen. That's too much.”

Carlos fumes at Red silently for a few more seconds, and then huffs, impatient.

“Half,” he says.

“Like hell,” Red counters. “A third what you're asking, and no more.”

In the end, Carlos stalks off with the cash, and Red returns home with the wheelbarrow.

Andy's busy just where Red had left him, sawing planks in half. They've been restoring and selling second-hand boats for nigh on six years now, and, in that time, Andy's learned a thing or two about doing proper restoration. This time around, they've decided to build one from scratch.

“Are you sure it's wise, putting me on plank detail?” he asks. “She'll leak just like the ceiling, and then you'll be angry—no, irritated.”

“You're on plank detail till you learn how to saw a straight line,” Red warns, busying himself with sanding one from the stack Andy has managed to pile up.

Andy gives him his other smile, not the patient one. The crooked, you-bitter-old-coot one.

Red knows that he means it in jest, but it gives him pause, sometimes, thinking about the fact that he's getting on in years. Andy will still be just this side of his prime, it feels like, when Red hits seventy. And although seventy isn't ancient, not like it used to be in his grandparents' day, it's up there.

“You're pensive,” Andy says, pausing to wipe his forehead. “What is it?”

“I'm thinking about the fact I've got nothing to leave you when I'm gone,” says Red. “Everything I've got, you've given me. I'll wear it all out. What good is that?”

Hearing this, Andy looks genuinely upset, like he can't properly form words.

Red feels his heart break a little. Lord, it stings worse than the time Boggs knifed him.

“Didn't mean it like that,” he says quietly, turning back to his work. “Forget I said—”

“All I have left,” says Andy, standing close to him now, “is you.”

They don't finish the planking, and, fortunately, the bed has had time to dry out.

* * *

Andy savors the times when it isn't difficult.

He's panting hard into the same pillow that had hit his feet a few days before, his hands fisted in the sheets as Red pushes into him, quick and sure. For the longest time, Andy wouldn't turn over. Not until the nightmares had subsided, at least. That had taken five years, and Red had been there for three of those. Now, like this, it's a comfort—couldn't be anything else, not with Red's voice is low and broken in his ear, with his sure, capable hand working Andy's cock.

It's over quickly. Almost always is. They lie panting for a while, and Red pulls Andy in tightly enough to squeeze the breath out of him.

“I'll never say something like that again,” Red murmurs against the back of his neck.

“It's all right,” says Andy, because it is.

* * *

They go to Yucatán for Christmas, because, when they make plans, they tend to keep them.

Red hides behind a pair of huge sunglasses and endures endless taunting from Andy. They rent scuba gear for one on the first day, and Andy takes some lessons while Red drinks on the beach and shoots the shit with some Canadian tourists. Three days later, Andy has a beginner's certification, and Red accompanies him out on the boat for his first proper dive. Afterward, they drink too many cocktails, and Andy gets seasick.

“No junonias,” Red says later, back at the resort, sifting through Andy's bucketful of shells.

“Maybe you should try it,” Andy suggests. “You're luckier than I am.”

Red kisses the grin right off his face, and it's a while before he has the breath to reply.

“Bring these home for Teresita. She'll appreciate them.”

They climb El Castillo at Chichen Itza a few days later, which proves more than a little rough on Red's knees. He sees it through, though, because there's no way he's missing the look on Andy's face when they finally reach the top. And they do, and it's worth it.

“Look at this,” says Andy, smiling yet another of his matchless smiles. It's the one reserved for all things indescribable.

“I'm looking,” Red says, pulling the brim of his hat down farther over his eyes, “and it's pretty amazing. But, while you're at it, take a look at us.”

Andy turns to him, questioning.

“Where we are. How far we've come. How many of the other guys do you think made it here?”

“None of them,” replies Andy, softly, taking Red's hand.

“What made us special?” Red asks, in a moment of rare, genuine bitterness. “Why us?”

“Imagination, partly,” says Andy, shrugging. “And luck.”

“There you are,” Red says, giving Andy's fingers a squeeze.

* * *

“Andy! Andy, for the last goddamn time—”

“Your wife is angry,” says Teresita, giggling as she ducks her head. She holds out her hands, so Andy empties the bucket of shells into her palms.

“These are special shells,” Andy explains, picking up the ones that have escaped, piling them onto the veritable mountain held tightly together by her fragile fingers. “Different shells. They're from the opposite side of the country. Have you heard of Yucatán?”

“Yes,” Teresita says, clutching the shells to her chest. “You're silly. My uncle lives there.”

“Ah. Have you ever gone to visit him?”

“No. Mama doesn't speak to him anymore.”

“Maybe you should go anyway. There's an old, old pyramid there. They call it the Castle.”

“A pyramid isn't a castle,” Teresita points out. “The Maya built pyramids.”

Andy grins at her. “See? You already know everything. You should go home. Your breakfast's getting cold, and so is mine.”

Teresita's off and running before Andy can offer her the bucket, scattering shells in her wake.

“You spoil that girl,” says Red, when Andy's finally seated across from him at the table.

“She doesn't get much attention from her mother,” Andy replies, stirring his breakfast. It's oatmeal, which they haven't bought in a long time. Red must've managed to snag some from one of the nearby hotels' continental breakfast lounges. At best, it tastes like home. At worst, like Shawshank.

“I won't make it again if you don't like it,” Red says. He can read Andy's expressions to a fault.

“I'd missed it,” says Andy, which is partly true. “Thanks.”

“Had a letter from Hazel this morning,” Red tells him, sliding a folded piece of paper across the table. When Andy picks it up and unfolds it, a few pressed flowers fall out. “Those are from Caroline,” Red adds. “One of the grandkids. They say we've got no proper flowers here.”

“I don't know about that,” Andy says, scanning the letter. Hazel's handwriting is cramped, yet elegant, and he finds himself wondering what a rarity it would have been for a young woman in her circumstances to learn how to read and write. Perhaps she'd learned it only later.

“You haven't gotten to the good part yet, have you?”

“Nearly,” Andy says. He'd caught sight of his name several lines down, but had resisted the temptation to—well, so much for that.

He's been promoted from Devil to Antichrist.

“Quite a title, isn't it? Why don't you use it to scare Carlos's prices down a bit lower?”

“It'll never work. These Catholics know better.”

Red's laughter floods the entire kitchen, filling Andy's hands and heart with warmth.

Zihuatanejo is not heaven, but then, it's the thought that counts.