Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Four: Futa Prayers! Worshiping the Futa's Passion
Summary: Virginia pops Aria's cherry and she becomes a futa, too, and knowledge she shouldn't have.
Keywords: hf oral 1st inter fantasy magic

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Aria Dennell

I really, really, really, really just said those words.

Lord, I asked for my friend Virginia to take my virginity, which I had been saving for marriage, with her unnatural futa-cock that had grown mysteriously while we were in our chemistry class. I trembled, staring up at her as she was undoing the tartan bow tie that was part of our school uniform at St. Mary of the Veil.

As she did, I knew that this was happening. That my blowjob wasn't a motherly act of compassion to relieve the ache in my friend's new girl-dick, but was actually the first time lust had ever afflicted me. A powerful arousal that I was helpless to resist.

Lord, I am sorry, I breathed, for I am too weak to resist the temptation of Virginia's futa-cock.

Virginia exposed more and more of her snowy skin. The White girl smiled at me, her blue eyes twinkling. Her blonde hair fell around her face, matching the curls that adorned her pussy. Her cream dripped down her thighs, the sweet musk filling the nurse's office. Where Ms. Jrme, the school's nurse, had gone, I could not say.

I whimpered. This was happening. I was about to make love to Virginia.

You are just so sexy, Aria, Virginia moaned. First I took Saffron's cherry, and now yours.

My eyes widened in shock. Saffron? Your twin sister? I swallowed at the heat that washed through me. That's so... taboo.

I know, I know, Virginia said, slipping off her blouse. She had round breasts constrained in a pink bra trimmed in white lace. She reached behind her and undid the clasp with deft ease. Then she was slipping the straps down her shoulders.

I had seen Virginia's breasts before but never had I shuddered and sucked in a breath at their loveliness. A pale ivory, so much lighter than my coffee-brown skin. I swallowed, my pussy clenching. This wicked heat rippling through me.

Mmm, stand up, purred Virginia, holding her hands to the kneeling me.

I took them. Electricity shot through us. My nipples throbbed in my bra.

My multitude of beaded braids swayed and clattered together as I stood. My heart beat so fast. She leaned in and kissed me. This was no friendly peck but a lover's kiss. Her lips sealed on mine while her tongue flicked out.

The salty flavor of her futa-cum swelled in my mouth, a reminder that I had just guzzled down her seed. Her hands grabbed my waist, pushing me back as her tongue thrust into my mouth. She invaded me, dancing around.

I whimpered at how wicked this felt then squeaked when the back of my legs bumped into the medical bed. I sank onto it, breaking the kiss with Virginia. Her futa-cock thrust out before her and her round breasts swayed as she leaned over me.

Mmm, let's get you naked, she purred. Saffron and I didn't have a bed. But me and you, Aria...

I swallowed, feeling the mattress beneath my butt.

She undid my bow tie. It slipped out of the collar and fluttered to the floor. She kissed me again. I whimpered into it, my lips moving against hers. My cunt clenched. Her fingers undid the buttons. She worked down me, undoing them fast. 

In moments, my blouse was open and she was pushing the white cloth off my shoulders. I quivered as the beautiful, White dickgirl kissed me with passion. My friend's tongue thrust deep into my mouth, wiggling around.

Lord, this was sexy.

She broke the kiss, spittle running down my chin. Mmm, you are so hot, she said. That white bra looks sexy on you.

I swallowed and then I reached behind me, my eyes staring at her round breasts. She had pink nipples topping them. They swayed back and forth as I stared at her tits. A shiver ran through me as I fumbled to unclasp my bra and then... 

It came undone.

I slid it off and freed my breasts. She grabbed my tits with her pale fingers. She kneaded them, her thumbs swiping over my boobs and brushing my hard nipples. Sparks flared from my chocolate nubs. My head tossed back, my beads clacking.

Oh, Aria, she moaned and ducked her head down low.

Her blonde hair spilled over my boob a moment before she sucked my nipple into her mouth. I gasped as she nursed on me. My pussy clenched, drinking in the heat of this moment. It was so insane how good this felt. I bit my lip, whimpering.

She nibbled on it with her soft lips. My hands stroked through her hair. It was like my nipple was connected straight to my pussy. The tingles rippled through me and electrified my vulva. My clitoris throbbed, my panties soaked.

She popped her mouth off my nipple and darted over to suckle on my other one with greedy hunger.

Virginia! I gasped.

She fluttered her tongue over the sensitive nub and then suckled on it. Her cheeks hollowed. All these wet sounds echoed through the nurse's office. They were so naughty. I couldn't believe I was the one making them. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. My face scrunched up as I whimpered and moaned.

She popped her mouth off and started up at me, her blue eyes shining. She kissed me on the lips and pushed me back. I stretched out onto the bed, Virginia sliding on top of me. The tip of her girl-cock rubbed into my stomach, smearing her pre-ejaculate fluid across my skin while her tongue danced with mine.

She cupped my breasts, kneading. Her boobs grazed them, her nipples sliding over my nuts. I shuddered and groaned into the kiss. This was all happening so fast. I was truly having sex with my friend.

She would take my virginity.

Her hands slid from my breasts to my skirt. Then she started moving down my body. She kissed at my breastbone and smooched between my tits. I swallowed as her fingers found my skirt. She toyed with the waistband.

Undid the little button on the side.

The short zipper rasped down. Now she could yank off my skirt. She smooched lower and lower, pulling my skirt off my hips in the process. I lifted my rump, helping her out. I wanted this so much. Her lips reached my stomach.

Oh, Virginia, I groaned as she smooched across my belly.

She found my navel. Her tongue dipped inside and swirled.

I squealed, Virginia!

She giggled. Mmm, I have to remember that spot.

It was... ticklish, I said, my cheeks hot.

The White futa kept smooching down my stomach as my skirt passed my knees and fell to my feet. She smooched right to the waistband of my panties. Her hands slid back up my legs, stroking my thighs. Heat rushed through me, flowing to my naughty pussy.

She hooked the waistband of my panties. Lord, this was it. I shuddered as she pulled them off slowly. I squirmed, feeling the elastic band sliding over my plump rump and my hips. Her lips smooched in the wake of my undergarments. She nuzzled down into my bush.

Ooh, you smell sweet like me, moaned my friend.

Thank you, I whimpered.

She kept tugging off my panties while she rubbed her face into my pubic mound, my curls sliding over her lips and cheeks. She slid my undergarments past my knees and down my calves. They went over my socks and shoes and then...

They were off.

My legs parted.

She kissed lower through my bush and reached the folds of my pussy. I shuddered as she kissed my labia. Then her tongue licked out, parting the labia majora to stroke at the labia minora and brush my clitoris.

Oh, Lord! I gasped, my back arching at the burst of delight from my clit.

Mmm, you like that, she purred and licked again.

Virginia! I gasped, squirming in place. Oh, Lord, that's... that's so sinful.

And so tasty.

Her tongue licked up and down my pussy folds. She caressed my hot flesh with her wicked tongue. I groaned, my body trembling. This wicked heat rushed through me. I squirmed, my hands stroking my stomach.

This sensation built in me. It was terrifying in how intense it was. Her tongue fed it with every lick and lap across my folds. They were so sensitive, especially my clitoris. My face twisted in delight whenever she brushed it. I quivered there.

Virginia, I whimpered.

Mmm, Aria, this pussy is so yummy, she moaned and licked again.

I trembled as she caressed me with her eager tongue. She lapped at me with such hunger. I squirmed on the bed. The nurse might walk in on us, and yet I found myself not caring. Lord, I just wanted this pleasure so much. She gave me such a delight.

I whimpered and groaned. I shuddered as she fluttered her tongue up and down my folds. I gasped out my delight. This felt so incredible. Her tongue stroked up and down my folds. She licked me with such passion. 

That scary sensation swelled in me. The intensity of it was so frightening. That had to be an orgasm. This mythical pleasure my friends and cousins always talked about: cumming. I shuddered, feeling it swelling and swelling in me.

Virginia! I moaned.

Mmm, don't be afraid, she purred like she could read my mind. You're going to love this.

Her tongue licked up to my clitoris. Then she latched on and suckled.

Oh, Lord, yes! I gasped, my entire body bucking. My round boobs jiggled as she nursed on my bud. 

It felt so incredible to have her suckling like this. I couldn't believe how good this felt. It was so amazing. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side as my friend nursed on my clit. She swelled that powerful, impending bliss in me.

I quivered, on the verge of exploding. I wanted to fight it. This last vestige of the good girl in me wanted to hold it off, but I couldn't. My head tossed from side to side. I gasped out in delight as it exploded.

Yes!

My pussy spasmed and Virginia moaned. She licked at me as I felt something gushing out. The sweet scent of my passion filled the air while waves of this wicked delight washed through me. They swept over my body. I felt dizzy from them. 

Cumming was so intense. So amazing. No wonder my cousins were always having sex. Why my friends talked about how great masturbation was. I squeezed my thighs around my blonde friend's head and against her mouth.

Oh, Virginia, yes, yes! I moaned. This is incredible.

Aria, she purred in delight, her tongue licking and lapping at me. Ooh, you had a big explosion, didn't you?

Uh-huh, I moaned, trembling through this delight. Wow, that's amazing. Yes, yes, I love it. I love cumming! Lord, yes!

Mmm, and you're going to love this even more!

Virginia lifted her head from between my dark thighs. Her blonde hair spilled over my stomach and then my quivering tits as she crawled up me. The waves of delight still trembled through me while her cock...

Her futa-cock came closer and closer to my pussy. She was closer and closer to deflowering me. This was it. This was the moment where I would be changed forever. I swallowed, my heart racing. Her dick nuzzled into my black bush.

Virginia kissed me, her lips soaked in my pussy cream. It wasn't disgusting. It was amazing. I kissed my friend with hunger, loving my passion. Would her pussy taste as good? Her cum had been delicious.

She settled her weight on me, her hand reaching between us to rub her cock against my wet vulva. Our breasts came together. Nipples brushed. They burst with such delight. The pleasure shot through me. I trembled and moaned into my friend's kiss.

The tip of her clit-dick pushed on my hymen. My heart pounded. Lord, this was it. I was about to become

She thrust.

My cherry popped.

I squealed at a flare of pain that was swallowed up by a tide of pleasure. Her thick, ivory girl-cock speared into my pussy and stretched me out. My cunt clenched down on her as she invaded me with her huge shaft.

Invaded me with ecstasy.

There was so much of Virginia. Her girl-dick reached to my very core, touching all these amazing places in me. It was ecstatic. Amazing. I loved every second of her being in me. I moaned into the kiss, my pussy clenching down on her thick shaft that filled me up.

Then she pulled back. I quivered beneath her as my twat clung to her mighty clit-dick. Virginia felt amazing in me, caressing my silky flesh. Such delight rippled through my body. I whimpered, savoring this pleasure.

She broke the kiss and moaned, Aria!

Oh, Lord, yes, Virginia, I gasped as she thrust away at me.

She filled my pussy up over and over with her girth. She plunged into me again and again. She felt so amazing in me. I quivered, my pussy squeezing down on her girl-cock as she pumped away at me. Her pale face and blue eyes hovered over me, her cheeks blushing such a bright shade of red.

She was gorgeous. Lord, she was beautiful. 

Virginia, I moaned as she gave me such bliss. Such wonderful passion. I savored her every stroke into my pussy. Her every thrust into my snatch. Oh, yes, yes, Virginia!

She smiled down at me, such passion in her blue eyes. Mmm, just enjoy. You're going to love this. You're going to cum so hard on my girl-cock, aren't you?

You make it sound so vulgar, but... Yes! Those words resonated through me. As amazing as feeling her eating my pussy had been, her cock spearing into my intimate depths was incredible. Lord, I shall explode on your mighty futa-cock, Virginia!

Good, she moaned, pumping away at my pussy with her big dick.

Her boobs rubbed into my tits. Her nipples grazed over mine, brushing my hard nubs. Those exciting bursts of pleasure shot through me. I groaned, savoring that delight. It was such a wonderful experience to have her boobs smearing over my tits. 

I whimpered, staring up into her eyes. I savored the pleasure of her body on mine. She felt exquisite. My pussy clenched down on her girl-cock. I squeezed about her, reveling in the bliss of her burying into me. She slammed deep and hard. She plundered me with such passion. It was incredible. I loved every moment of it.

Lord, this is the most amazing thing in the world, I prayed. I know this is a sin, but thank you for making my body fit perfectly with Virginia's and for her girl-cock to give me such perfect bliss. Truly, this is a delight that all women should experience with the special person that they unite with.

Maybe I could marry Virginia.

She had a cock. She felt so good in me. So perfect.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my cunt gripping her girl-cock. Ooh, thrust that cock into my pussy. Bury deep and hard into me. That's so good. That's wonderful! Lord, I love this Ooh, Virginia.

Good, Aria, she moaned, smiling down at me. Ooh, I'm going to cum in you. I'm going to flood your pussy with so much girl-jizz.

Yes! I cried out, not caring we weren't using protection. This felt so right. This was how we were supposed to come together. No barriers to keep her seed from flooding my fertile womb and quickening in me with new life.

Just as the Lord intended.

My pussy clenched down on her girl-cock. I came closer and closer to my climax. I hurtled towards that mighty orgasm. I hugged Virginia to me, my body bucked into to take her White clit-dick into my pussy. She felt amazing.

She buried into me and it happened. My flesh quivered. The dam burst inside of me.

Lord, yes! I howled.

The pleasure surged out of my pussy, a flood that swept over the fertile plains of my body. My flesh drank in the rapturous torrent. My thoughts sparkled with delight as the ecstasy inundated them. Currents of euphoria surged through me.

Oh, Aria, yes! Virginia groaned as she drew back, my pussy convulsing and writhing around her girl-dick. That's it. That's awesome.

She buried back to the hilt in me and erupted. Her hot cum fired into my pussy. I gasped as I felt that jizz surge into me. Lord, it was good. It was this tide of delight that flooded into my spasming pussy and soaked my fertile womb.

Aria! she moaned.

My eyes widened as something else rushed into my pussy. More than cum pumped into me. It was a hot gush of power that soaked me. I shuddered while Virginia moaned. Our breasts pressed tight while my pussy clenched and spasmed.

Thank you, Lady Eenoy, for the gift of my writhing cunt, I prayed as my body shuddered through this rapture. And thank you, Lady Gnila, for bestowing such a magnificent specimen upon Virginia so that she could deliver ecstasy to me.

Ooh, that power's flowing into you, too! moaned Virginia as she quivered on me. That's so hot. It's going to happen.

What is! I moaned.

You'll see! gasped Virginia. She fired the last of her cum into my pussy and panted.

Then I felt her cock shrinking. She was withdrawing out of me but not moving. She dwindled. She shuddered and sat up, pulling her ivory tits from mine. Her boobs jiggled as she stretched, thrusting her arms up into the air She arched her back, her boobs swaying back and forth and her cock sliding out of my pussy.

I sat up, my breasts quivering, and watched her cock shrinking more and more. It was returning to being a little clitoris. Goddesses, she was going back to normal. I had aided her by using my body. I made this strange predicament go away and...

Oh, Goddesses, no, I gasped, staring down at my bush as my clit started throbbing and aching.

Just like with Saffron, said Virginia.

A cock grew out of my bush. It started pink but was quickly fading to my coffee-brown hue. It grew thicker and longer, swelling with the pulsing beat of my heart. It was a miracle from Gnila, Goddess of the Cock and Mistress of Prowess. I bit my lip, my body quivering as my new dick grew bigger and bigger.

Virginia grabbed it with her pale hand. She stroked up and down my new shaft, a big grin on her face. She flicked her eyes up at me. Her tongue flicked over her lips as my girth reached its full passion. 

I have to try something, Virginia said, straddling me.

W-what? I asked. Are you going to...?

Ride your cock and have you cum in me! Virginia moaned and pressed my tip into her golden bush. The curls tickled it. Pleasure rippled through my pussy. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

This was my chance to see if I would make her cock go away and get mine back right away. Of course, mine had come back on its own. I wanted to test things out. Figure out how this power worked. It was all so new and interesting.

I straddled her waist and then lowered my cunt to her mighty cock. I pressed my pussy right against her dick's tip. She had a big, dark cock to fuck me with. Aria stared up at me with that motherly face twisting in anticipation.

Goddess, that feels good, she whimpered.

Did she just say Goddess? I blinked and then shook my head. I could not have heard that right. I was feeling too good. Her dick was right there pressing into my pussy. I needed her in me. I just craved sliding down her clit-dick and taking her cock to the hilt. 

I pressed my snatch down on her, savoring the heat rising from her tip. 

With a groan, I impaled my cunt down her clit-dick. She gasped as I plunged all the way down her in a single go. I took her to the hilt, gasping in delight as she filled me up. There was so much girl-cock stuffing up my cunt.

So much wonderful dick in my pussy. I shuddered, loving how much of her girth filled up my snatch. This was magnificent. I groaned, my cunt squeezing down on her girl-cock. I wiggled my hips and stirred my cunt around that awesome dick.

Virginia, she moaned, her eyes so wide. Oh, Virginia, yes, yes, that's great. That's awesome. You're all over me with your amazing pussy. Eenoy's gift is about me.

Yes, it is! I moaned. Eenoy's gift? What a strange slang for pussy. Enjoy my hot and tight cunt around your dick.

I am! she moaned, smiling up at me. You are made for me. We fit together so well.

Yeah, we do, I said, grinning down at Aria. I cupped her brown breasts with my pale fingers. She was cute. Beautiful, even. My heart started beating faster. She was gorgeous. And so naughty now that her shyness had fallen away.

Plus, it was hot having her girl-dick buried to the hilt in my cunt. I loved how amazing this felt. It was so awesome. My cunt clenched down on her girl-cock. I did feel this special connection with her. What we were sharing right now was amazing.

I'm going to ride your clit-dick until we're both cumming! I moaned. How does that sound?

Amazing, she said. Goddess, that sounds lovely.

Goddess? I groaned as I slid my pussy up her cock.

Oh, yes, yes, Virginia, she gasped at nearly the same moment.

Her dick felt so amazing in my pussy. Just awesome. I shuddered, squeezing down on her shaft as I worked my cunt up and down her clit-dick. I savored that amazing pleasure. This was such an awesome delight. I shuddered, my hips dancing from side to side.

I stirred her clit up in my cunt. I reveled in that amazing pussy squeezing about my dick. I would have such a huge explosion of bliss. It would be titanic. I groaned, surging towards that wonderful pinnacle of bliss already.

My pussy drank in the friction as I worked up and down the cute, Black futa's girl-cock. Her shaft stretched me out. My boobs jiggled while my hands squeezed her boobs. She groaned and thrust her hands up to cup my tits.

Oh, these are so amazing, she panted. Natsi was so wise!

Yes, yes, Natsi was wise! I groaned, working my cunt up and down her clit-dick. And your cock is so awesome. Ooh, how's my pussy. My gift.

Spectacular! Aria's face twisted in pleasure. It is superb. Thank you, thank you for letting me treasure this twat.

I winked at her while slamming my cunt down her clit-dick. I rubbed my clit into her bush, her curls tickling my bud. I groaned, my blonde hair dancing. I would have such a mighty orgasm on her pussy. Jizz would fire into my snatch.

She would flood me. It would be outstanding. I groaned, my hips stirring my cunt around her girl-cock as I rode her faster and faster. I shuddered, savoring this delight. I climbed closer and closer to my orgasm.

Oh, yes, yes, I moaned, squeezing her tits. I'm going to cum on your dick. That's so hot, isn't it?

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Goddess, I love this. I love this so much. My cock. It's amazing, Virginia.

I smiled at her.

My fingers slid up her brown breasts to her darker nipples. I pinched them between my pale digits and twisted them. She gasped, her clit-dick throbbing in my cunt. Her face scrunched up as I slammed down her futa-cock again and again.

My pussy drank in the friction. I was so close to that moment of bursting now. I whimpered, loving every moment of riding her futa-cock. The pleasure built and built. Little twinkles danced before my vision. Her thick shaft would have me bursting with such delight. I would just explode in rapture. I groaned, rising towards that amazing moment.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, Aria! I moaned, twisting her nipples. I'm almost there.

As am I, she gasped. Virginia. Oh, Virginia, I love this. I... I... I feel this great affection for you.

Right? I moaned and then leaned over her. I released her nipples and pressed my boobs into her tits. Our nipples made contact. They sparked. Pleasure shot through me. I loved it.

I kissed her with such passion as I squirmed on her. She held me tight. Her tongue danced around in my mouth. She gave me such pleasure. I loved it. I loved every second of it as rocked my pussy up and down on her clit-dick.

I impaled down her girl-cock and exploded.

My pussy writhed and spasmed around her. I shuddered, savoring this passion. It was awesome. It was the best thing in the world. I groaned, savoring every moment of it bursting through me. The pleasure slammed into my mind as my cunt milked her cock.

She squealed, her fingernails scraping down my back. 

Her cock erupted into my pussy.

I shuddered as her clit unloaded into my cunt. I kissed her with such passion, shuddering atop her. Spurt after spurt of her cum splashed against my cervix. It soaked through my pussy. I trembled on her, my nubs kissing her nipples and bursting with sparks.

My pleasure hit that wild peak as I sucked at her girl-cock. My cunt wrung her dry. I quivered, wanting to savor every second of her girl-cum flooding my body it was an amazing delight. She soaked me with her cum.

I broke the kiss. Wow, Aria.

I know, she moaned. Virginia, I think I'm falling

Your cock's not shrinking, I gasped. You came in me, and you're not going away.

She blinked. I'm not. I'm staying hard in you. Does that mean I'm going to have a cock.

Well, I gave Saffron one and then grew another. I smiled. I bet I'll grow another soon, so you just enjoy yours, Aria. Okay?

My own cock. She swallowed. You want me to use it on other girls than... than you.

Of course you don't have to do that, I said, seeing her downcast face. I mean, if you want to, I'm fine with...

Aria's expression grew even more despondent.

Right, right, she was saving herself for marriage.

Or just me, I said, smiling at her. I clenched my pussy down on her cock. It's a cute cock. I would love to enjoy it again. To make love to you again, Aria. I glanced at the clock. But we should really get back to class. You know, it's almost over.

Oh, yes, Aria said. And we can make love again?

Absolutely, I said, beaming at her. It's going to be awesome. I might even have my cock back. You know, it didn't take all that long at all.

Oh, that does sound lovely, she said, her smile shining up at me.

I slid my pussy off of her cock and shuddered. Her cum spilled out, matting my curls. I gasped and shuddered. Then I glanced over at the bathroom. I slid off the bed and started gathering my clothes then rushed over to it.

Aria joined me, her new cock swaying before her. She was starting to go soft now that we were cleaning up. So we wiped up cum with toilet paper as best we could and then pulled on our panties. I showed her how to tuck. She hid her cock in her white panties. 

There, I said. No one will know you're a futa.

Thank you, Aria said, smiling. You're wonderful. She hugged me, pressing her boobs into my chest. Our nipples kissed, but it wasn't a lover's sort of embrace.

It was a friendly one.

So I didn't grab her butt or kiss her neck or lick up to her ear and nibble on her lobe then fall to my knees, rip down her panties, and suck that big and throbbing cock into my mouth like I so clearly craved to do.

I was good. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aria Dennell

I felt good as I left the nurse's office with Virginia. I had lost my virginity, but I felt so close to Virginia. Was this love?

I glanced at the blonde girl walking beside me. Goddess, she looked beautiful. Just an amazing cutie in her schoolgirl outfit. Her blouse fit tight about her round breasts but was prim and proper at the same time. Her skirt swished and swirled about her thighs. Those frilly ankle socks were cute.

My cock twitched and my pussy itched. That horny ache swelled in me again. I shuddered. I had to focus on school. I swallowed as we came closer and closer to our chemistry class. Ms. Bagley would have questions for us.

A whimper shot through me. We would have to... lie.

Virginia, I groaned as we came upon our class.

Don't worry, she told me. Just let me do the talking.

I let out a relieved sigh. She was coming to my rescue like a heroine from a story. That was wonderful. I shivered as we strode into the classroom. Ms. Bagley glanced at us. She gave us a concerned look. Virginia put on a bright smile.

I drank some electrolytes and the nurse took my vitals, she said. I skipped lunch, so that's why. Low blood sugar. I'm dieting, and I pushed it too much.

Ms. Bagley shook her head. As skinny as you are, you do not need to worry about dieting.

I know. Virginia smiled. How much of class is left?

You'll have to have Brgida catch you up, said Ms. Bagley. She glanced at the clock. We are almost out of time.

Brgida had a pained look on her face as we came over to her. Virginia just smiled at her. We got our assignment from her, reading and a worksheet. We put it into our bags. The bell rang and it was off to fifth period.

I had Latin. Chelle and I walked to it together. She was in my home ec club, and we were soon chatting about our upcoming project, a triple-layered cake with ice cream in the center. It would be such a tasty project and would take us all Saturday to bake.

We slipped into Ms. Hailey's Latin class. 

We took our seats upfront. I put my hands together as I always did and bowed my head to pray at the start of the class. Ivara, Goddess of the Sun and Mistress of knowledge, help me to absorb the knowledge of my Latin lesson. Allow my mind to soak it in like the leaves of a tree do your warmth and light that falls upon them.

I blinked as I finished praying to Ivara. That wasn't who I normally prayed to. I was a Christian. Where had Ivara even come from and...

There were other names in my mind besides Ivara. Eenoy, Gnila, Natsi, Taari, Jeeba, and Adna all resonated through my mind. They had properties. I shuddered, realizing I had been crying out to Eenoy, Goddess of the Pussy, and Gnila, Goddess of the Cock, while making love to Virginia. 

Who were these Seven Harmonious Goddesses? Why did those names fill my mind? Why did the sunlight shining through the classroom window feel so warm and wholesome? I felt open to learning, ready to drink in everything Ms. Hailey said.

My cock twitched.

What was going on? What was happening to me? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

I had drama next. Brgida walked with me as she headed to her Choir class. My Hispanic friend had no idea about any of the craziness that was going on. I wanted to tell her about it, but without my cock, how could I prove it?

Saffron would certainly help.

You have a good day, Brgida said. I'll see you and Aria for our study session. We'll get you both caught up on Math and Chemistry.

Oh, yeah, I said. I had almost forgotten. That sounds perfect. See you later. Sing your heart out!

We parted. I headed down to the drama class. Suddenly, Saffron was walking beside me. I jumped, squeaking, Eep!

Sup, Saffron said casually while having this huge smile on her lips that spoke volumes. She had meant to give me a scare. 

Where were you hiding? I asked, glancing back at the hallway, seeing only the rows of lockers.

In the gap between the lockers, she said. I'm so kicking ass at sneaking and hiding since we... She arched her eyebrow.

I glanced around at the other girls in the hall. Uh, why? Are you just feeling mischievous? My twin sister could get into playful moods. Playing a game.

No game, she said. She pushed me into a little alcove with the drinking fountain. After I left the bathroom, I just had the urge to break into the teacher's lounge.

I blinked. What? Break in?

Yep, and I did it. With a hairpin. I raked the lock and popped it open with ease.

My brow furrowed. Rake the lock?

Saffron waved her hand dismissively, her short bob of black hair swaying about her cute face. We might be twin sisters, but we didn't look much alike. She had that petite build that was the opposite of my more developed figure. 

It's a lock-picking term, said Saffron. I just knew it, Virginia. Badass, right?

You knew how to pick a lock? I asked. Because I fucked you and gave you a clit-dick? A slight tinge throbbed through my bud. 

Yep. Can you believe that?

I almost said nope, but I had been seeing that weird forest with the dickgirl-elf and the girl who could stick her head out of tree trunks. I guess it's possible. Things have been weird all morning.

Yeah, Saffron said. I had to break in there to steal something for you. Something important.

What? I asked, eagerly.

Ella and Mrs. Bean are fucking, Saffron said. Ella pounded her with a strap-on while I had to sneak out of the room all ninja style. I can do that now, too. Ninja stuff!

What? I gasped. Mrs. Bean and Ella?

Oh, yeah, they were going at it all hot and heavy. I'm still feeling all juicy from hearing it. Mmm, it was some hot stuff, let me tell you.

But... I frowned. She's married.

Uh-huh.

And why is it important that you had to steal this information for me?

My twin sister shrugged. No flipping clue. I was hoping you knew.

I opened my mouth to say no when Ella strolled by. The redheaded lesbian was heading to drama class. She glanced at us and smiled. She was gorgeous. My clit throbbed a little bit more as she sauntered on by. 

My sister pressed into my hip, her cock hard in her panties. Damn, I would love to fuck her with my big futa-dick, but I have to give it back to you. And I will, I will. I promise.

But, I told her and pulled away from her, it doesn't work that way.

What? she asked as I strolled towards drama class. What do you know, Virginia.

I threw a winking look over her shoulder and then headed into my Drama class. It was taught in the auditorium. The stage was where Ms. Fonseca taught the class while we all sat in the padded seats of the audience. The girls were all scattered around, sitting in the dark sections.

How are you feeling? Tamara asked as I stepped past her to sit down in the seat.

Feel? Saffron asked, squeezing past me to take the seat on the other side.

Yeah, Virginia passed out last period in chemistry, Tamara said. We weren't all that close. She was in Aria's home ec club which was about all I knew about her.

You passed out? my twin sister gasped. 

Yeah, and Aria had to take her to the nurse's station. They both came back at the end of class. Tamara patted my hand as I remembered how delicious that class had been. 

I'm fine, I'm fine, I said. I glanced at my twin and arched an eyebrow at her. 

Her brow narrowed. It was like she knew something had happened but that I couldn't talk about it. I squirmed in my seat, eager for class to start. I liked drama. We got to pretend to be other people. We were doing the Scottish Play right now. The M word was forbidden. Ms. Fonseca would gasp if anyone said it aloud.

Ella sat two rows before me besides Mayra Gutierrez. The two were whispering to each other. They looked cozy. Intimate. Was Myra, who was the head of the drama club itself, one of Ella's lovers, too? Just how many girls was that lesbian banging?

And why wasn't I one of them?

Would she be interested in my futa-cock when it regrew? My clit was starting to tingle, but then Ms. Fonseca strode onto the stage, the spotlights falling on her. She looked out at us, nodding her head as she gazed at us one by one.

We're going to be talking about how to access pain to make our performances grand, she said. We all have pain in our lives. We need to embrace it to make the pain in our characters come alive. Let's have some volunteers.

Almost every girl's hands shot up, including mine. Myra was chosen as were Bernadine and Chelsea. They all flounced down to the stage and began running through a simple scene, trying to support each other through finding out one of them had cancer.

Soon, we were all rotating through it, pretending to sob that we were dying or embracing each other and giving comfort. As we finished up, we milled about on the stage as the teacher strode around us, nodding her head as the last few girls went through the exercise.

Good, good, she said. Now we are going to take this ability to channel our passions and put it into the play. Who would like to read for Lady Macbeth.

It was okay to say the character's name, I guessed, but not to call the play by the M word. 
It was a great class. I got to be one of the witches. We had fun as we were acting out lines from the play. It was the best class because there was no real work in it. No tests. No memorizing facts. We just had fun pretending to be others.

It was so much fun, I hardly even thought about futas and all the strange stuff that had been happening to me today. Should I tell Saffron about the elf? And the forest? Would she believe me? I mean, she had that cock in her panties.

School wasn't the time. We would be alone tonight in our dorm. That would be the perfect time to let her know that I was either going crazy, or there was another world out there that thought I was the heroine to save them from the Dark Lord.

I smiled, thinking about Brgida's reaction. She would be thrilled, at least. She'd probably go on about her favorite Isekai Anime like How Not to Summon a Demon Lord or ReZero or Sword Art Online. There were so many of them. One had a smartphone in it, another involved killing slimes for a thousand years or something. It was all such crazy stuff.

After parting from my friends, I ended up walking to Latin behind Ella. We shared the class. She had a swish to her steps. A real bounce. She bumped into Akane, and the pair started making out. I gasped and suddenly my clit was throbbing hard. I side-stepped the pair, heading onto Latin alone.

That ache inside of me swelled. That need to release my cum was building and building. The start of my futa-dick regrowing had begun. I swallowed as I moved through the school, weaving through girls and...

Suddenly, I was weaving through trees. Big, silver-barked trees with golden leaves rustled high above me. I blinked and stopped. I looked around. The strange woman was peering out of a trunk. She gasped at the sight of me. A big smile on her lips.

It's you! You're back. She started to climb out of the tree, her skin that nut-brown, her green hair spilling about her face. Large breasts appeared. They jiggled and bounced. I'm so glad. We need you. The Dark Lord is coming. The world is in danger.

Ooh, where did you go! shouted the elf.

Oh, no! the woman gasped and melded back into the tree.

Wait, I think you two are on the same

A student jostled me. I stumbled and blinked. I was back in the hallway of my school. I shook my head as girls were flowing around me. What was going on? I swallowed, the image of those big breasts jiggling replaying over and over in my mind.

My clit throbbed worse. My pussy clenched. I reached Ms. Hailey's Latin class. I shuddered, looking around. Just a few minutes ago, Aria was sitting in one of those front desks at full attention. Of course, she would be.

She was just that sort of girl. Sweet and motherly. And with a big futa-dick that had felt so amazing in me.

I shuddered, my clit throbbing and pulsing. I headed for the back and slunk down into my desk. I bit my lower lip, my heart pounding. That pressure was building and building in me. It wouldn't be long before I was growing a cock.

Hey, Lada said. My fellow blonde sat down beside me, her big boobs jiggling in her tight, schoolgirl blouse. She leaned back, arching her back which just made them all the more prominent.

All the more magnificent.

Hey, I said as other girls started filing in. I crossed my legs, pressing down on my clit. Why did it have to start growing just as class began? Would I vanish into another world? Was I just going crazy? No, no, Saffron and Aria had grown cocks.

I couldn't be that crazy.

Ooh, it has been a long day, Lada said. Looking forward to practice.

Yeah, prancing around with all those cheerleaders, I said, picturing Lada and the others in their sleeveless tops and pleated skirts, sexy legs flashing.

Good to prance after a day sitting on my butt, said Lada. God, school is just the worst. We weren't designed to sit on our butts all day. We're supposed to be moving. You know, hunting and gathering.

I nodded.

Okay, okay, Ms. Hailey said as she motioned to the whiteboard. It was covered in the bane of my existence: Latin verbs. They had six tenses and had moods in those tenses and could be active or passive or singular or plural. Why, why, why did they have so many different things to do to a verb. The language was a nightmare.

As she lectured, the ache in my clit throbbed. I struggled to take notes, to try and understand this madness, when I noticed Lada was drawing dicks on her paper. She was draining big and thick ones spurting jizz, doodling instead of paying attention.

I imagined Lada with one of those big dicks spurting jizz on me and...

My cock grew. I groaned as it swelled. I arched my back and shuddered as it grew thicker and longer. I gripped my desk, my poor cock swelling into the confines of my panties. The fabric rubbed on the expanding tip, sending pleasure shooting through my body. I groaned.

Lada gave me a sharp look. Then she deftly pulled out her phone and covertly set it before her textbook. She casually typed.

I drew out my phone. What's wrong?

My cock throbbed and ached. I don't know why I texted it, maybe I was just suddenly so horny, but I sent, My clit just grew into a dick.

Lada gasped and shot her gaze over to me, her jaw dropping in shock.

To be continued...
