This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental

======================================================= 

This is a continuation of a story named Jack and Jill.  You do not need to read Jack and Jill to understand this story.  The connection is limited.

=======================================================

Previously my wife Jill had agreed to a swinging situation with me and another, though younger, couple, Chris and Mary. In the end, Chris wanted to have anal sex with Jill, but Mary wasn't willing to offer the same to me, so he was refused.

Sometime after leaving, Chris and Mary exchanged words, and Mary went crying to her Mother, who, in turn contacted Chris direct about replacing her daugher if Jill and I were willing to get together with Chris again.

Chris spoke to me about this, and I told him that I would discuss it with Jill and get back to him.

=======================================================

Jill, I called as I came into the house.  You'll never guess in a million years what happened today, I said.   Not guessing, I told Jill about the phone call from Chris and ask her what she thought about it.

So, what do you think, I asked her.  I'm not sure, she said, I mean this woman is our age, maybe even older and wouldn't you like to be with a younger woman, she asked.  No, I love you, I said, avoiding the trap.

You know damn well what I mean, Jill spat back, and I don't know what to tell you or say about the matter.  Do as you please, she said turning and leaving the room.

Later that night, I asked Jill if she wanted to fuck Chris again.  If you want me to, she said.  Not what I asked, I said.  Would you want to or not.  Sure, he's got a nice body, she said.

But, what about this woman, she could be...and her voice trailed off.  Old, worn out, a hag, yea possibly, I said.  Question is, do you think we should find out or just pass on it.

Oh, go ahead and find out, Jill said.  I know you want some more strange, don't you, she questioned as she reached my cock and pulled me close with the promise of things to come.

The following day I contacted Chris and told him that we'd all meet somewhere for a bite to eat and see how it goes.  He said he'd set it up and be back with me.

Two days later Jill and I went to our get-together.  When we gave our name to the hostess we were taken to a table in the back where Allison, Mary's Mother, was seated.  As we introduced ourselves and took a seat, Allison voluntered that Chris, at her request, would not be joining us just yet.

Jill and I look at one another and then to Allison for an explanation.  

Look, she began, I know all about Mary and Chris and their bedroom activities.  I encourage it, support it, and am happy for them.  But, I must admit that I'm still a little uncomfortable talking candidly with Chris.  As a matter of fact, she continued, I've been questioning my sanity about even making the suggestion to Chris the other day.

I said, look, we can just forget about everything if this is going to bother you.  No, no, please, Allison said, its just that, well its been a while and, I guess I've been too stand offish about things.  

So, you've been alone for a while, I said.  Yes, replied Allison, a little over 2 years now she said.  Why is that, I asked, I mean you're an attractive looking woman, so it would seem to me that you could, you know, easily find someone.

I guess so, she said, but I just kept stalling and the time just got away from me.  And now, I asked?  Now, Allison said, I'm tired of wasting time. 

So, since you via Chris asked us here, and now managed to cut him out, tell us, what's really going on, I said.

Let me explain, my husband, Mary's Father, and I were involved in a private swinging group for a few years and Mary found out about it.  

Did you quit, or what, I asked.  No, no we didn't quit, we were quite open and forthcoming with Mary and she just seemed to shrug her shoulders and move on.  When she met Chris, I knew she wasn't a virgin, and then sometime after they were married Mary asked me about some activities that her Father and I had maybe participated in.

At first I was surprised, but then, since her Father was sick, and she wanted to know, I figured what the heck and answered her questions.

And now, I asked?  And now, repeated Allison with a puzzled look on her face.  Chris, I added.  Oh, I understand.  Since Allison's Father died, I haven't been out much and haven't been intimate at all.  Chris is sometimes quite blunt in his comments and has suggested that we get together to keep it in the family.

Mary know about this, Jill asked.  I think so, but am not quite sure said Allison, but then when Chris and Mary had this disagreement...well the rest is sort of history.

Well, I'm totally confused, I said.  If we all were to get together, would you have a problem with Chris being there, I asked?  Yes, no, hell, I don't know said Allison.

What about Mary, asked Jill?  You mean, if she was there too....I don't know said Allison, I really don't know.

Lets get back on track, I said adding, just what do you, or did you have in mind when this lunch started.

Honestly, I was hoping that you both would understand my situation and offer me the security as well as the attention I need and want.  But, without Chris, I said.  Yes, without Chris, she said.

But he's fucking your daughter, and other women too, I said, just as she's fucking others also, so what's the problem.  Your T & A special, or what?

No, not special, but I guess I'm sort of ashamed of my body when compared to those younger kids, and even someone such as you, pointing to Jill.  I'm flattered, said Jill, but you needn't worry, your quite attractive.  I mean it honestly, said Allison. Thank you, said Jill.

Bottom line, I said, is that you want sex, but because you haven't been active for the last few years, you're worried about what you're offering and what you are capable of doing.  That's about right, said Allison.

But, I continued, given the opportunity and being accepted, you'd have no problems fucking Chris for example.  No, I guess not, if you put it that way, said Allison.

Like it all, I said.  Yes, replied Allison, and I'm getting wet just being here and talking about it, she added.  

I've got a few ideas, I said, so let me see what I can work out and we'll go from there.  Will that be okay, I asked.  Yes, said Allison, adding, thank you.  

Just remember, I added, if I get things set up, I expect your full and complete cooperation.  Okay, she replied, just no pain and permanent marks.

We then parted company and Jill asked just what the hell I was talking about.  I told her not to but in, and she knew to shut up about it.

Truth be known, I too didn't have the slightest idea, but later on during the afternoon, I had a brain storm, so I called Chris.

After apologies about the lunch thing, I asked him bluntly who he and Mary were swinging with.  No, I didn't want names or anything like that, but you are swapping aren't you?

Yes, he said, there use to be 3 other couples, but one moved away, so now there were just 3 couples total he said.  Ages, I asked.  One's about my age, and I'd say the other is between you and I.

And what's the deal for joining, I asked.  Probably not that difficult, he said.  What then, I asked.  Probably Jill, lights on, in front of everyone for as long as we all want her, he said.  And how long is that usually for, I asked.  Could be quite a while, if someone decides to use a toy, he said.  And for me, I asked.  Again Jill is decision maker.

What do you mean, I asked.  Jill and Jill alone will chose the lady you are to fuck first.  And her criteria for making the choice, I asked.  Anything she wants, so long as it's sexual.

Sounds good, I said, but what if I've got something different to offer the group.  Such as, asked Chris.  Your mother-in-law, I said.  Wow, he said, really......Allison wants to do this, he asked.

Don't know if she wants to or not, I said.  Our agreement was that she would participate so long as no pain and no marks.  So, what do you think, I asked.

Gee, I don't know for sure how the others would react or handle it, he said.  But, I asked, the question is this.  If lets say I auctioned her off or just had her made available, do you think the other 2 guys would fuck her or not.

Yea, they'd fuck her, and I know that I certainly would, he added.  What about Mary, I asked.  What about her, he replied.  Well, how do you think she'll react to seeing her Mother being fucked, I asked. 

She'll be okay, he said.  You know that she was fully aware that her mom and dad were swingers, so I don't expect her to be surprised or upset.  It's not like mom is being kidnapped and raped.

No, it won't be, I said.  It's just that Allison feels that she's too old and hasn't been with a man for a few years, plus she can't compete with the younger women for bodies.  You're kidding, said Chris.  She has good size tits, average to flat belly and I'm guessing a very eatible pussy too.

We'll find out, I said.  Work on it and let me know.  Okay, said Chris, really shouldn't be a problem. he added as we said our good-byes.

That evening Chris called.  I've got it worked out he said, want to know the details.  Sure, I said, fire away.  Have you discussed this with Jill he asked.  Yes, I said, I told her about what we spoke of today.  Did you tell her about availability before you said anything about Allison, he asked.  Yes, I said.  So she has a complete overview, is that correct, he asked.  Yes, she does.

Have her pick up an extension, so you can both hear and you won't have to repeat things, said Chris. I told Jill to pick up that Chris was on the phone with information.

Hello, said Jill.  Hi Jill, said Chris.  Jack told you about if you were new to the group, correct.  Yes, said Jill, he's gone over everything.  Okay then said Chris, here is the proposal.

You are to bring Allison with you.  Mary, asked Jill.  Mary's okay with everything, said Chris, then added, Jill, you're immediately available if anyone is interested.  Okay, I understand, said Jill.  And, Chris added, if Allison refused, then you are her immediate replacement.

Oh, was Jill's only response.  Chris then said, I know you guys are new to this, so that is why I wanted to tell you both at the same time, so there wouldn't be any surprises.  Also, you spoke to Allison, certainly more intimately that I ever have, so you've got to decide if she is really willing and able.  I understand, replied Jill...thank you for telling me.

One more thing you need to know, said Chris.  What's that, I asked.  There will be camera's recording everything from the time you arrive to the time you leave.  And the purpose, I asked.  Insurance, said Chris, we don't want any trouble and this will insure we don't get any.

And when will this all happen, I asked.  This weekend, so let me know ASAP, said Chris.  Okay, will do, I said and Jill and I hung up the phones.

Jill came into the room and asked, so are you really ready to have a group of people have their way with me?  Don't know, how do you feel about it, I asked.  Well, Chris has already fucked me and you've fucked Mary, now the question is does 2 or 3 more matter, asked Jill.  

It's up to you, I said.  Yes, thanks, said Jill, what it amounts to is that if I let some guys have me, then you my love get to enjoy 3 new women, don't you.

I don't know if I get to enjoy them, I said.  But you'll get to see their titties and pussies, I'm sure, teased Jill.  But, I'm sure they aren't as nice as your, I said.  Sure, said Jill, probably 10 - 15 years younger, nipples standing straight out, ass firm.  Yea, I said, and you won't like those young hard cocks pounding into you.

Sounds like we are saying yes, said Jill, you agree?  Yes, lets do it, I said, provided that Allison is included, even with the risk, okay.  Okay, said Jill, I'm game, but lets call Allison first.

We dialed Allison and after 4 rings left a short message on her machine to call.  Minutes later the phone rang and Allison was on the line, apologizing that she didn't grab the phone fast enough.  

Allison, I said, I've got things set up, if you are interested, and secondly that you are a willing participant.  Yes, okay she said.  I want to be straight with you, I continued, you will be not only exhibited, but used as well.  And, if people don't like me, then I won't be used, said Allison. 

They'll like you, I said, guaranteed.  Remember, I continued, no one has seen or been with you, so being new you won't have any problem, as if you ever would.  Jill be there, she asked.  

Yes, said Jill, I'll be there and I'm counting on you to not refuse and embrass us.  Oh, I won't do that to you, said Allison.  

Okay, I said, then the dress code is business attire with sexy lingerie.  Okay, thanks, said Allison, and you'll let me know when later.  Yes, this weekend and will give you specifics in a few days.

Good, said Allison adding, and they've no problems with my age.  Nope, and one more thing, I said, they video tape everything so there is no finger pointing afterwards.  Okay, just hope I don't break the camera, laughed Allison.  And we hope that you can take all the fucking you're going to get, I replied.

A short call to Chris set the wheels in motion, and then we were all set for Saturday afternoon at 6 o'clock.

Allison met us and we continued to our party.  On the way I told Allison that there was a master plan, so we should all be ready to just go along with it and have fun.  

Arriving at the home, we were all impressed with it size and the circular drive where cars were parked and where we too parked.

We were greeted by Brent and Virginia the homeowners and hosts and in turn introduced ourselves.

Virginia then guided us inside and introduced us to Steve and Cathy, then turned and said that you all already know Chris and Mary.  Allison was surprised, shocked, yet remained composed at seeing Mary present.  Yes, she said, Ive known Mary for quite sometime.

Things were rather polite and distanced for a few minutes while we poured some drinks for ourselves and snacked on a few trays of goodies.  Steve then said, Jill you certainly do have nice looking tits.  Do you enjoy having them played with, he asked?

Jill retained her composure and thanked him, adding that she did indeed like attention.  Brent then jumped into the consversation, suggestion that he and Steve might be the better judge of things after theyve felt her tits.  At that he moved to Jill and cupped her tit and began to feel her through her cloths.

He then turned to me and reported that I was indeed lucky to have such a fine pair of tits to play with at home.  I said that Virginia certainly didnt appear to be lagging in that area, but never the less, thanked him for the comment.

Virginia thanked me, then suggested that we all might be a little more at ease if we went downstairs.   Chris and Mary lead the way, followed by Steve and Cathy, then Jill, Allison and myself and Virginia and Brent bringing up the rear.

The room was set up with chairs and sofas in a semi-circle facing an empty area.  As we started to sit down, Virginia asked that the 3 of us stand in the open area for now.

When the six of them were seated, Virginia said, that she was excited to have us in her home and hoped that we all had a good time.   Jack, she said, I understand that youve brought Allison as a special guest and Jill, she added, you and Jack understand about our agreeing to allow this.  Yes, said Jill.

Steve said, Jill I want you to take off your blouse and then come and sit here between me and Brent so we can play with your tits.  Jill unbuttoned her blouse, then took it off revealing her half cup black lace bra.  Hold on, said Steve, bend over first.  Jill leaned forward her tits seeming to want to fall free from the bra.  

Cathy got up and went behind her, reaching up under her skirt and pulled her panties down, then lifted each foot to guide it off her foot.  Then she asked, Virginia, what do you think, the skirt or bra next.

I don't know, said Virginia.  Mary, she asked, what's your advise.  I'd go for the skirt, said Mary.

Okay, said Cathy telling Jill to stand up, as she began to undo Jill's skirt.  With the skirt unfastened, she asked, everyone ready?   Then she let go and the skirt slid down over Jills naked bottom revealing her slit for all to see.  Now, said Cathy, have a seat.

Jill stepped over to the sofa and sat down between Brent and Steve where her tits were immediately assaulted by each of them.  I could see Jill begin to react as her nipples hardened and her mouth tensed.

Virginia sitting alongside Brent asked me if I was ready to begin.  Yes, I said, but then Cathy said that she thought maybe Jill should be made a little more accessible and not distract the guys.  Mary and Virginia both agreed and the three women then helped Jill to her feet.

Virginia lifted Jills tit and licked her nipple.  Nice, she said, as they lowered Jill into a wing back chair on the side of the room.  They then lifted Jill's legs over the arm rests and cuffed her ankles which prevented her from closing her legs.  Pulling off her bra, they cuffed her wrists and fastened them in place as well.

Jill was now left naked, spread open while seated in the chair.  The women played with Jill for a few minutes before being seated, and telling me to proceed.

Allison had been standing beside me throughout all that occurred without saying a word when I said, let me introduce Allison.  She's here to make us all happy and to hopefully be happy herself.  Now as a sign of good faith, I'm going to ask Allison to remove all your panties beginning of course with our charming hostess.

 
