Why?
By julesteve

curious friends quiz me about being an exhibitionist.

The subject of exhibitionism has come up a few times. I never think about it much because it was part of discovering my sexuality, enjoying the control it gave me, not just over men, entranced by a glimpse of panties, nipples, pussy, but also women.

Somehow the word exhibitionist crept into a conversation at work. I was a bit taken aback when a friend asked, 'have you ever done anything that could be considered exhibitionist?'

I'd laughed and said, 'You're seriously asking me that?

She nodded. 'You dress quite provocatively sometimes, not that there's anything wrong with it. I wish I had half your confidence. I just wondered if you had taken it a little further.'

Smiling, I said. 'The truth is I like being looked at, and yes, at times being exposed, especially in public. I don't mean spread, naked with everything in view, but subtle 'accidental' flashes. Nothing excites me like the look on a stranger's face when they catch a glimpse of something 'private'. I suppose, in a way, that might sound weird to most, but I find it daring, naughty and exciting.

I often spend time plotting how to be seen. Semi-naked with the curtains open, a flash upskirt showing my panties, or without.'

Their eyes widened, and I smiled, enjoying expressions between shock and intrigue. 'I enjoy the slow building of excitement between my legs when I plot an 'accidental' upskirt or nipple slip. Of course, my ultimate fantasy is a scenario where I get to see the effect I have on the guy with him masturbating for me.'

They looked shocked, but I hadn't finished.

'Or over me, if the circumstances allow, I really like that'.

Fay said, 'when? Not at home, obviously, but where? I can't think of when or where I would do that.' She seemed to think on the last sentence, flushed and said quickly. 'Not that, you know, that I'd..' Flustered, she finished. 'I'm not sure what I mean'.

I suppressed a smile and answered.

'Showing myself off is often foreplay, sometimes in a bar, cafe or office. Sometimes outdoors, sitting in the park, on a train, and even at home in the garden. Getting fucked is secondary to the pure naughtiness of teasing a guy or several guys. I love the feeling of revealing myself a bit at a time, my skirt riding up, showing a little thigh, and then my panties. Casually easing the panties aside just enough to show what they were hiding. Touching a finger to myself, then tasting it, casually slipping my panties down, until it's more than they can bear and they just have to touch themselves.'

'Wait, you said office', Becky gasped. 'You mean you've done it here?'

I answered without answering.

'I find being nude beneath my skirt most exciting because there's the danger of an accidental 'up skirt'. I get butterflies as I step on an escalator or climb stairs, knowing I could be exposed to the people below.

It's the same when I bend over to remove something from a filing cabinet or reach over my desk. Feeling my skirt riding up over my thighs, exposing a little of my cheeks, shifting my feet slightly apart, knowing that I might be showing more, it's thrilling.'

It took her a moment to click that I'd given my answer, and then she let out a little 'oh' and looked to the others. I continued.

'Outdoors, there's the risk of my hem being flipped by a gust of wind. Inside, I have to be creative. Usually, I pick areas such as a staircase, bar or cafe to engineer a 'flash'.

'Do you always go without panties?' Fay asked.

'No, it depends. Sometimes I wear a thong or panties. I enjoy the tease of slowly revealing myself, easing them aside, and slipping them off, which can mean leaving a little damp spot on the seat. Especially if I haven't had any fun in a while.'

'You get that turned on?' Fay said. And I wondered if she had made her own little damp spot as she shifted, crossing her legs.

'Oh yes, there are times I can't help myself, and a finger invariably strays to my pussy, giving my 'audience' more of a show'. I said naughtily. Noticing the reddening of her cheeks.

'To be honest, the occasions I wear panties are probably more exciting because it's a tease I can escalate. 'Accidentally allowing my skirt to ride up, exposing a lot of leg. Then when I have their attention, I shift position, letting my skirt ride higher, showing a little of the material between my legs. I usually make a show of stretching, arching my back so that the lace of my bra pushes against my blouse, showing through. When I sit back, I open my legs a little more, my skirt so high my panties are exposed. Sometimes this is enough to thrill me, but if I'm feeling especially naughty, I casually slip a finger along my thigh and pull my panties tight, so they mould to my shape. Then, when they are staring, I ease the material to one side, briefly exposing myself'.

'Are you ever scared?' Becky asked.

'There's always a brief moment of anticipation as I pluck up the courage and butterflies in my stomach as I open my legs. It makes me feel alive, though. Teasing, having control, it's such a sexy feeling. Full sex doesn't have to happen for me to feel satisfied. Most often, on an 'adventure', I enjoy mutual masturbation as I like watching and being watched.'

'Don't people get a bit weird if they find out though?' Becky asked.

'Of course, although I'm cautious where I pick to have fun. Usually, it's something I've planned. Even when it's spontaneous, I'm careful how I proceed, ensuring control. When I was younger, I wasn't so careful, rumours got around, and I had some negative comments, slut, slag, all the usual insults. Most from either a guy I wouldn't date or girls threatened by my confidence. But I've never cared about anyone's opinion, so it never bothered me. Especially from the narrow-minded and the jealous. Those without the courage to explore who they are and their desires.

The most critical are those afraid of having fun, of letting loose, because of what people like them might say.'

I took a drink and waited for their response.

'So you've not regretted showing yourself?' said Fay.

'No, It's exciting when a stranger sees my pussy. Empowering, makes me feel super sexy and gets me more than a little damp because it's so exhilarating.' They can't believe it at first, staring. I know they wish they could touch me, fuck me.

'Am I ever going to regret flashing, stripping, letting strangers see me, watch me and occasionally touch me? I don't think so.'

Fay shifted closer, licking her bottom lip.

'I know for certain if I hadn't explored my exhibitionist side, I'd have missed out on a lot of fun and self-discovery. After the initial nerves of the first time, I was past the point of no return.'

Fay smiled, 'it was that exciting?'

I smiled back. I could tell Fay was really into this, as it was the second time she'd asked how excited I'd been.

'Oh yes. The first time was after I realised that my neighbour had been spying as I'd been getting changed, so I started to walk around my bedroom naked. I paid him a visit and masturbated by rubbing him against my panties. It's how I found out I like being cum on. The day after, I wanted to take my knickers off and show my pussy at every opportunity. Of course, I didn't. I held onto the excitement of that first time, experimenting, getting naughtier and naughtier as my confidence built. I knew what I wanted and was excited by the idea of sharing my newfound exhibitionist side with a wider audience.'

Fay tilted her head. 'Wider audience?'

I laughed. 'Oh yes, if the internet had been what it is now, I might have gone home from that first adventure and posted pictures of my pussy for the whole world to see. After all, I'd just had the most intense orgasm of my life after exposing myself and taking charge of a guy.'

'Naked?' Fay asked.

'No, not that time, but my panties that became semi-transparent, soaked in this guy's cum after I'd rubbed his cock against them and he'd seen the outline of me, 'down there', which had excited me immensely. On returning home, I'd climaxed again in my room, deliberately facing the window with my legs spread so the guy, my neighbour, could watch. I was totally overcome by my own lust.

It was the first time I discovered how exciting it was to watch a guy. He'd been inexperienced and had quickly spurted his load on my belly and panties before I could move. On other occasions, I'd masturbate him over my breasts.'

'And of course, he was into this, ' Becky said, rolling her eyes and making everyone laugh.

'We were virgins exploring our desires, experimenting. I encouraged him and, on another occasion, his friends to masturbate over me. I even let them cum on my bare pussy. Which was thrilling because I knew I was the first girl they'd seen beyond pictures. It was something both exhibitionist me and voyeur me really enjoyed.

It wasn't a big step from there to the facial thing, although it was due to a mistimed moment when one of my 'friends' was going to cum. I mean, it had to happen eventually. All the guys I'd been playing with were virgins; some didn't last long. I was with several from what I'd termed the 'nerd club', masturbating them. As soon as it happened, I could have moved, but instead, I let him cum all over my face. He stayed hard, so I pushed him back, straddled his hips and rubbed him against my pussy through my panties until my orgasm flowed. My panties were soaked in his cum and my juices, so feeling like a dirty little slut, I removed them and rubbed my naked self against each of them. All three lasted minutes. I'd straddle them, rub my pussy along their shaft and watch as their cum spurted out over their bellies. It was the first time they had felt a bare pussy touch them'.

Becky looked a little flushed and had to clear her throat before asking. 'So, you've done something here, in the office?'

I sipped my drink, enjoying the tense atmosphere while they waited for a confession.

'It was the first month of working here. Let's be clear I like to have fun, but I don't just fuck anybody. This occasion was after working late, a long 'dry spell' and lots of flirting with a cute office junior, who turned out to be a virgin. He'd peeked down my top as I'd bent over a desk and looked horrified as he realised I had caught him. The poor guy almost shot his load when I stood and asked if he wanted to touch them. I slipped off my blouse and bra before he could answer. Half-naked in the office, feeling turned on and naughty, I let him caress my boobs, then made him start as I reached down, unzipped him and freed his cock.

Kneeling, I'd had the intention of sucking his cock, finishing him with my hand, while letting him cum on my boobs. This didn't work out because he only lasted a few minutes and had shot his load as soon as I started to rub him.

Even so, kneeling in the office cubicle, half-naked, with his cum on my face and boobs, was such a turn-on. I really needed to get off. That's when I pushed him back, eased off my panties, straddled him and used his semi-hard cock, rubbing it against me. It was worth it for the look on his face as I stood up and lifted my skirt, showing him my pussy as a treat before telling him to leave.'

Becky looked shocked, while Fay looked excited.

'The lovely, sexy thing that came out of this adventure was walking along usually busy corridors to the ladies with my boobs bare, a cummy face and no panties, my imagination running wild about being discovered. My pussy was drenched, and it's something I'll do again.'

Becky and Fay looked at one another. 'I won't be able to look at your office, or was it his cubicle?' Fay said.

'His,' I laughed, 'I was getting a report from the printer.'

Becky almost choked on her drink, 'so you weren't even in your office?'

I smiled. 'And where would the fun be in that?'

We finished our coffee and returned to work. It had been a fun hour. I was damp from telling my stories and suspected Fay at least would be in the same state.

I suspected there was a potential for fun with Fay.

So anyway, that's my explanation about my favourite thing. I am an exhibitionist and like to show myself off in public, especially to strangers. I have confessed it all through stories posted here.

Well, not all.

There's still more to tell.
