It was early morning and he wasn’t sure what had woken him, if anything at all had. The room was dimly lit. They never slept in complete darkness. An old habit from when Wesley used to sneak into his quarters.

He propped himself up on an elbow and watched the sleeping Wesley. He was sprawled out on his stomach, his face turned away from Will. He had kicked the covers off at some point during the night, and Wesley was beautifully naked before him.

He couldn’t resist the urge to touch. He lightly ran a hand along Wesley’s back, and over the smooth curve of his buttocks. Wesley sighed in his sleep. Will pulled his hand away and smiled. He looked so relaxed in sleep, so different than how he had looked last night. He was feeling guilty over having almost cheated on Will, but even worse, he was feeling guilty about aggravating Will’s insecurities.

But Will had believed Wesley last night when he had told him that Will was all he wanted, that he hadn’t even been attracted to anyone his first year away from Will, that Will was it for him. Wesley wasn’t a good enough liar to have pulled that off. Besides, Will could see it in his eyes. He had meant every word that he said. It had gone a long way to making Will feel better.

Soul mate.

The words had jumped unbidden to the front of Will’s consciousness. His breath quickened and he swallowed hard against a sudden lump in his throat.

Soul mate.

That was a scary thought. No, that wasn’t it. What was scary was how well it seemed to fit. He had told Wesley that they should wait to get married until Wesley had finished at the Academy, but Wesley had wasted no time in telling him how stupid that was, and now Will agreed.

He wouldn’t have married Wesley before he had left for the Academy, and even Wesley had agreed with that. This year apart though had done Wesley some good. When Wesley had screwed up, he came clean with Will, and hadn’t made excuses for himself.

They had only been together a couple of days now, but he knew Wesley, and he had paid attention to Wesley last night at dinner, and he could just tell that Wesley had grown. This he was sure of.

He wanted to marry Wes, and he wanted to do it before he had to leave.

Soul mate.

It was like an epiphany. Wesley had been growing ever since their relationship had turned serious. He had known he would marry Wesley. He had seen the man that Wesley would become. Now, he was looking at that man.

Two days. Not nearly enough time to know something like that, but he did. There wasn’t a doubt in his mind.

He didn’t want to wake Wesley, but he was so happy, and he just wanted to show Wesley how much he loved him. He ran a hand along Wesley’s back until he felt Wesley stir beneath it. Wesley turned his head and blinked up at Will. Will leaned in and captured Wesley’s lips in a kiss. Despite not being fully awake, Wesley responded enthusiastically. He shifted closer to Will and wound his arms around him.

Everything was so much more intense after his epiphany of just a few minutes ago. His happiness was more overwhelming than ever. He felt like he could literally die of happiness.

He gently pushed Wesley onto his back. He made love to Wesley in the stillness of the morning, the only sounds were their bodies moving together and their quiet gasps and whispered moans. He never broke eye contact with Wes.

It was incredibly intense. There was just the two of them, the world still asleep around them. He kissed Wesley as they were coming down, not ready to give up this feeling just yet.

When Will did pull back, though not too far, he could see that Wesley’s eyes were wet with unshed tears. Wesley had understood that something important had just happened between them, and he knew that Will was okay, that they were okay, and that Will loved him more than anything.

He smiled down at Wes, his own eyes wet, and he shifted off of Wes. He curled himself around Wesley, resting his head on Wesley’s shoulder. Wesley held him tight, one hand on the back of his head running gently through his hair. Will’s hand rested over Wesley’s heart, and the steady thumping soothed him.

Soul mate.

Whatever that was, whatever it meant, if it even truly existed, he had found that person in Wesley. This was it. This was what people searched for their entire lives, and he had found it in the most unlikely person, but he had found it, and he wasn’t going to let it go.