“You know,” Draco remarked glumly, sitting on the Common Room sofa, his knees propped up to his chest, “if this turns out to be an impossible quest, I might be inclined to throw myself off the Astronomy Tower.”

Tom frowned.

“Or jump out of a window of the headmistress’ office,” Draco went on. “If the impact of the fall doesn’t kill me, the spiked gates should definitely finish me off, don’t you think?”

Tom searched his companion’s face for any signs of jest, but to his dismay, he found none. Draco looked utterly miserable.

Tom shook his head and walked over to sit close to him.

“You realise, don’t you, Malfoy, that I’m supposedly a Dark Lord, or was destined to become one? I’m sure we’ll find some kind of solution, regardless of what it is Granger discovers today.”

“Yes, but…“

“What?”

“What if you don’t?” Draco asked in a small voice. “What if we…?“

Tom chose his words carefully. “On the off chance that between the four of us, we can’t stop the staff members from sending me back, unless they somehow manage to erase my memories of what happened here, too, things are going to change, regardless. I quite honestly have no plans to harm you or to kill Potter’s parents.” He chuckled. “Of course, I might put a greasy-haired, big-nosed bastard out of everyone’s collective misery, but I highly doubt anyone would berate me that.”

Draco couldn’t avoid cracking a smile. “But still,” he added, “what about the three of us?”

“Maybe I could kidnap you and Potter as toddlers and then, as soon as you come of age, seduce you both?”

Draco rolled his eyes. “That is fucked up beyond words, Tom, even for you.”

Tom grinned. Holding up a hand in mock-surrender, he said, “I was only trying to help.”

“Usually, though,” Draco remarked, suddenly solemn again. “You know, I’m certainly not one for…”

“What?”

“Sappy confessions,” he replied, almost inaudibly, “but, the thing is… I love you, and I-“ He took a deep breath. He was blushing just as hard as Potter so often was; he could feel it. “I just thought you should know, in case tomorrow, anything were to…” Draco’s breath hitched. He was afraid to look anywhere except down at his hands.

“Draco,” Tom whispered, gently pulling his companion to him. “I’ve never said this to anyone else before, because…” He smiled in a way that was almost shy. “Well, the truth is, you’re the first person I’ve ever experienced these feelings for. I love you, too.”

Finally, Draco did look up, and Tom kissed him passionately. Neither of them noticed the person who burst through their door.

At least, not before the sound of an awkward cough was heard and an embarrassed voice said, “Um, awfully sorry; didn’t mean to interrupt.”

Draco and Tom broke apart and turned to face their visitor, who stood there, shuffling his feet.

“Don’t be daft, Potter,” Tom said with an amused shake of his head. “You’re hardly interrupting us.”

Draco smiled and held out his hand. “Harry?”

Slowly, Harry walked over, and Draco pulled him down onto the spacious sofa. The two of them kissed in a way that suggested they hadn’t seen one another in many weeks, not just a few hours.

“Knock it off, you two. Honestly!” Tom said and proceeded to get straight to the point. “So, Potter, did you find anything interesting in that room?”

“Yeah. A Time Portal.”

“What? Those things actually do exist?” asked Tom, baffled.

Harry nodded. “Unfortunately.”

Draco, for his part, looked confused. “What are they?”

Harry explained: “Apparently, you walk through one, and you’re instantly transported to any predetermined era or even a specific time you want to be in. The only trouble is, you can’t get back. Not unless there’s a similar Portal wherever you end up, or some sort of alternative.”

Draco took a deep breath. “I see. But- what if-“ He swallowed hard. His mind was working overtime, desperately searching to come up with something, anything to stop what seemed to be the inevitable. “What if Tom doesn’t walk through it? What if the three of us run off tonight? We could go to the Manor. I’ll put up strong Wards; no one would ever…”

Tom shook his head. “That wouldn’t work, Draco. From what I’ve heard—and do correct me if I’m wrong, Potter—I won’t actually need to walk through the Portal, myself. Someone knowledgeable, possibly Snape in this case, only has to cast the right spell at the right time to trigger the thing, with something personal of mine—a hair or a fibre from my robes or even a quill I’ve used would do—placed underneath the arch, and I’ll be gone.”

“He’s right,” Harry interjected. “Hermione said pretty much the same thing.”

Draco paled. “So doing a runner wouldn’t make any difference,” he muttered feebly to no one in particular.

“Right, Potter,” Tom went on, appearing a lot more calm and composed than he actually felt. “So, what’s our next course of action?”

“Hermione’s looking for some way to destroy it. She’s familiar with the contents of these restricted books; we used them when we were hunting for Horcruxes; they’re mainly about the safe destruction of dangerous magical items, and she’s pretty sure she saw the Portals mentioned somewhere, so…”

“Right,” Draco said. “So Granger’s researching, working on it.”

Tom wrapped an arm around the clearly distraught boy. “Granger’s brilliant, Draco.”

Harry nodded. “She is, you know.”

“I’m well aware of that,” Draco said softly. “It’s just… Anyway, if this turns out successfully, remind me to apologise to her.”

Tom frowned. “Apologise?”

“He was a real dickhead to her when we were younger,” Harry supplied, but at the same time, he smiled at Draco to show that no malice was intended.

Tom rolled his eyes. “To her and to the rest of Gryffindor, I expect,” he said, standing up. “And they probably deserved it. Anyway, we have Herbology in twenty minutes. We should get going.”

“Yeah,” Harry agreed. He gave Draco a quick kiss on the nose, and said with a wry smile, “Hopefully the bloody plants won’t try to attack anybody today.”

In the Restricted Section, Hermione, concealed by Harry's cloak, sat and read by the light of her wand.

She knew what she was looking for. Now if she could only remember where she had first seen it…

She didn’t have all that much time to look, and she hoped Ron wouldn’t come searching for her here either, once he’d noticed her missing from class.

One day soon, she’d tell him about all this. Not just yet, however. There simply wasn’t any time, and besides, there was no way of telling how he’d react to the changed relationship between Harry, Draco and Tom, except that his reaction definitely wouldn’t be too pleasant.

She sighed deeply and turned another page.

Somewhere at the back of her mind, she really didn’t enjoy doing this. She especially disliked the fact that she was about to sabotage the teachers’ plans, even if it was only to help her best friend, to keep Harry happy and to stop him from sinking into a deep depression, or worse.

On the other hand, of course, it had to be said that Professor Snape’s recent behaviour had left something to be desired, and she suspected the man wasn’t acting out of anyone’s best interests, except his own.

On page 404 of the eighth book Hermione consulted, she finally found what she’d been looking for.

She took a deep breath as she read the words in front of her.

This wasn’t going to be easy.

“Tomorrow evening before dinner,” Hermione said in conclusion. “I’ve consulted the roster. Professor Snape will be supervising some first-years’ detention, which gives you a window of about an hour. It isn’t much, but it should be enough for what needs to be done.”

“Thanks, Hermione,” Tom said. “See you tomorrow.”

Hermione stifled a yawn. “Yes. Goodnight, boys,” she replied and exited the room, softly shutting the door behind her.

Harry wrung his hands nervously. “Well, I suppose I’d better, um…”

“You’re very welcome to stay,” Draco offered. “If you’d like?”

Harry gave Tom a questioning look.

Tom shrugged. “Fine by me.”

“That’s settled, then,” Draco stated. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to take a shower before I retire.”

“How about you, Harry?” Tom asked as Draco headed into the bathroom. “Do you also fancy a shower? Or maybe something else?”

“Um, I-“

Tom grinned deviously and took a few steps closer. “You know, Potter,” he said, cupping Harry’s face, “I have no idea what it is about you exactly, but I’m finding you increasingly difficult to dislike.”

Harry swallowed hard. “I could say the same about you, Riddle.”

Tom moved to loosen Harry’s tie. “You don’t mind, do you?”

Harry slowly shook his head. His eyes fluttered shut as Tom kissed him, and he couldn’t stop the moan that escaped his throat.

“Let’s go in and surprise Draco,” Tom suggested huskily. He toed off his shoes and unbuttoned his shirt, and Harry soon followed his example.

A few minutes later, Draco turned around when he heard the sound of a door opening. He saw his two lovers standing a few feet away. Harry looked aroused and a little awkward—as usual, Draco decided—whereas Tom seemed mostly amused.

“Well,” Draco remarked with a smirk, “private rooms certainly aren’t what they used to be. A person can’t even shower in peace anymore around here.”

Tom laughed. “Of course you can, Draco. Don’t mind us.”

He gently pushed Harry against the nearest wall and sank to his knees in front of him.

Harry shivered as his bare back came into contact with the cold marble and then, mere seconds later, his cock was enveloped by a moist heat, and he found himself trembling for entirely different reasons. “Oh God,” he said in a raspy voice, and tangled his hands in Tom’s thick, dark hair.

Over Tom’s shoulder, he locked eyes with Draco, who was standing there, watching the scene intently.

Harry held out his hand. “Come here?”

Draco turned off the water and walked towards Harry. They shared a slow, tender kiss.

“Would you… like to-“ Harry began, but he couldn’t get the full sentence out. What Tom was doing to him, licking and sucking his dick ever so lightly, was making it very difficult for Harry to still say anything coherent.

“Shh,” Draco whispered. “I’ll just stand here and watch you come. It’s an incredible turn-on, you realise. Notice how hard I am already?”

Harry looked down and nodded. “Do you… want me to…?“ He made a vague hand gesture in the direction of Draco’s cock.

“No, just relax and enjoy what Tom’s doing.”

Harry nodded. It was difficult not to enjoy it.

Tom was picking up the pace, using one hand to steady Harry’s hips and the other to fondle Harry’s balls, slowly, almost teasingly, while, at the same time, he continued doing amazing things with his mouth and tongue.

“Oh God.” Harry moaned. He threw his head back and closed his eyes. His moans were fast growing louder and more needy. He gripped Tom’s shoulders and held on to them tightly. “I’m going to,” he breathed. “God, Tom, fuck, yesssss.”

When he opened his eyes again, the first thing he saw was Draco smiling at him. “That looked like fun, Potter.”

Tom stood up, a little shaky, and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “I think I heard my knees crack” was the first thing he said, and Draco chuckled.

“Feeling your age, Riddle?”

“Hilarious, Malfoy. Technically, you’re older than I am.”

Draco advanced on him. “Let’s see how that plays out in practice, shall we?”

Tom grinned. “Is that a challenge of some sort?”

“It might be.” Draco raised an amused eyebrow.

“What did you have in mind?”

“Lie down and you’ll see.”

“Lie down? On the floor?” Tom asked, clearly surprised.

“Aha! So you are feeling your age,” Draco said with a triumphant smirk. “I knew it.”

Harry laughed. He almost sounded giddy, and he probably looked it, too, but then he had just experienced one of the most intense orgasms of his young life, so some giddiness was probably allowed.

“You, Potter,” Tom said, “are going to take a shower with your back turned. I wouldn’t want any witnesses if I end up having to strangle Malfoy here.”

Harry laughed again, and to Draco’s amusement, Tom did as he’d been asked. He went to lie down on the cold bathroom floor, and asked, “So, what happens now?”

“Now.” Draco hunched down. “I’m going to ride you. If you’ll let me.”

Harry’s eyes widened, and his heart skipped a beat when Tom nodded in response.

Draco wandlessly summoned some lube from the bedroom. He liberally coated his fingers with it and ran them up and down Tom’s cock.

Not before long, Harry was half-hard again. Biting his lip, he watched as Draco sat down, pushing Tom deep inside of him.

“D-Doesn’t that hurt?” Harry stammered, taking a seat next to them on the floor.

“Not in a bad way, Harry.” Draco smiled and slowly began to move, up and down.

Harry kept staring, fascinated. “Can I do anything?” he asked softly.

Tom reached out and took Harry’s hand. “You could stroke him?” he suggested.

“All right,” Harry said. He scooted a little closer and wrapped his right hand around Draco’s dick.

Harry leaned up to kiss Draco’s cheek, and then began to move his hand up and down, while Tom played with Draco’s nipples.

Moans filled the bathroom, getting louder and louder, until with a deep guttural cry, Draco spilled his release all over Harry’s hand

Tom’s climax followed almost instantly, and Harry couldn’t help but stare; Tom was beautiful when he came. He looked so passionate, so intense. Harry gulped.

“I’m going to need another shower,” Draco announced, carefully scrambling to his feet again.

Tom chuckled. “I think we could all do with one.”

Harry nodded.

“Mine will have to be quick, though,” Draco added. “I wouldn’t want to end up looking like a shrivelled prune.”

True to his word, he rinsed himself off quickly before sauntering back into the bedroom, leaving Harry and Tom standing under the warm, cascading water by themselves.

“Has he always been that vain?” Tom asked with a soft chuckle.

Harry nodded. “I think he used to be even worse, actually.”

“Even worse? Thank Merlin for small mercies, then.” Tom grinned. “So, tell me,” he added, placing his hands on Harry’s hips. “You’re not quite satisfied yet, are you?”

Harry bit his lip. “Um, well-“

“Shh.” Tom reached his hand down and ran his fingers up and down Harry’s length. “You should have said something just now. We would have taken care of you.”

“Yeah, but I’d already, um, whereas you two…”

“No one’s keeping score here,” Tom said and added as an afterthought, “Not even Draco, for once.”

Harry smiled. “You’ve got to know him pretty well, haven’t you?”

“Yes,” Tom said, “and I plan to get to know you just as well.” He kissed Harry’s neck. “Now, what do you need?”

“Need?” Harry gulped. “I’d um- could you-“

Tom frowned.

“I’d like you inside me,” Harry blurted. He cleared his throat and couldn’t help but be a little disappointed that, without his glasses, he was unable to see Tom’s face, and as such, Tom’s reaction, properly.

“Are you sure?” Tom asked.

“Yes.”

“Ah, well…”

“What?” Harry took a step back. “Don’t you want me?”

“That’s not it,” Tom said quickly, pulling Harry to him so that their naked bodies were pressed closely together. “This will no doubt sound rather daft, but I more or less promised Draco he could take your virginity.”

Harry blinked. “I wasn’t aware it was yours to give away, Riddle,” he snapped. All of a sudden, he wanted to leave. Perhaps they were just toying with him, after all. Harry tried to back away again, attempting to free himself from Tom’s grip.

“Oh no, you don’t.” Tom said firmly. He shoved Harry against the wall and went to stand in front of him, leaving Harry trapped. “Firstly, there’s no need to get snippy. Draco bloody adores you. And secondly, I was only joking. Well, not about the conversation, that happened all right, but about either of us taking it very seriously. If you want me to shag you, Potter, you only have to ask.”

Before Harry could protest, Tom leaned in for a searing kiss. All rational thought fled Harry’ mind, and he was soon left wondering what he’d even been so upset about in the first place. “Shag me, Tom,” he said, breathily, when they broke apart again.

“You’re absolutely certain that’s what you want?”

“Yes.” Harry kissed him again, hungrily. “Please.”

“Where?”

“Right here?”

“All right,” Tom said. “Turn around.” He summoned the lube from where it was lying on the bathroom floor.

Not before long, Harry could feel a distinct hardness pressing against his back. A warm, wet hand wrapped itself around his cock and began to stroke, warm lips kissed his neck, and then a slicked finger made its way inside him.

Harry cried out when Tom pressed the same spot Draco had stimulated the day before. Soon, a second finger joined the first. Tom’s movements fell into a comfortable rhythm.

Already, Harry was panting hard. “Tom,” he breathed, “Inside me? Please? Before I… I’m already pretty close.”

“Right. Bend over a little.”

Harry gritted his teeth. The angle was somewhat awkward, and it took a few attempts before Tom managed to push himself all the way in.

“Let me know when I can move,” Tom said softly.

“Right.” Harry inhaled sharply. From a rational point of view, this was insane; he realised as much. Tom Riddle, the supposed future Voldemort, was about to shag him in Draco Malfoy’s private bathroom. But at the same time, it also felt incredibly right and far too amazing to stop. After all, they were different people now, weren’t they?

“Okay,” Harry whispered, “I’m ready.”

“All right.” Tom dropped a quick kiss on Harry’s shoulder and began to move.

Harry held on to the wall and the taps and anything else he could grab hold of, to help keep his balance. Tom, meanwhile, was thrusting in and out of him, all the while pumping Harry’s cock in time with his thrusts.

Harry had expected pain, at least initially, and although he’d been pretty confident that things would turn pleasurable eventually—otherwise people wouldn’t keep doing this—he hadn’t expected sex to be anywhere near this good. This was even better than what they’d done the day before, and suddenly, the idea that it was Tom Riddle who was doing this to him also made Harry feel wicked and oddly liberated, in a sense.

“Tom.” Harry gasped, as they were both moving faster, pushing back and forth, harder and harder.

“It’s not”—Tom’s breath hitched—”too rough for you like this, is it?”

“No. It’s bloody brilliant.” Harry moaned. “Don’t stop, Tom. Oh fuck. Please don’t stop.”

Tom chuckled. “Not a chance of that, Potter.”

Three more hard thrusts were all it took before Harry screamed. He came hard and pulled Tom over the edge with him.

They remained still for a few minutes, catching their breaths and trying not to keel over. Tom was the first to speak again. “Bloody hell,” he said with a soft laugh. “I generally last much longer than that. Then again, you were so bloody tight.”

“Yeah.” Harry sniggered. “Virgin, remember?”

“Not quite, Potter.” Tom spun him around and kissed him thoroughly. “Not anymore.”

When they walked back into the bedroom a few minutes later, both dressed in green pyjamas and grinning widely, Draco didn’t need to guess twice to know what had just occurred; it was written all over their smug faces.

“Keeping promises isn’t exactly one of your many talents, is it, Tom?” he asked pointedly.

“Blame Potter,” Tom replied, still grinning. “It’s all his fault for being so bloody irresistible.”

Draco looked from Tom to Harry and back and just shook his head. He was a little bit disappointed that he hadn’t been Harry’s first, himself, but on the other hand, he much preferred this to possible animosity… Having to share Harry was nothing compared to the thought of losing them both, and besides, this could all be over tomorrow, so this really wasn’t the time for strife or jealousy or even harmless taunting.

Draco smiled, and forced himself to try to stay positive. Granger’s plans had always worked before, hadn’t they, even the ridiculous ones? So rationally speaking, there was no reason for this to be an exception, was there?

“Let’s get some rest,” he said. “Big day tomorrow.”

Tom and Harry both nodded, and the three of them got ready for what would be either their final night together, or only the second of many more to come.