With her own hot breath clouding the air in front of her, Cammie smiled over at Drew. The snow crunched under her boots as they headed back up to the house. Drew looked adorable in a coat that was probably bigger than she was and Cammie reached out to take her gloved hand. "You can't tell me that you didn't enjoy yourself." It had been a fight to even get Drew out of the house, let alone onto a horse, and Cammie considered it an accomplishment, one she was quite proud of.

"Until that monster you call a horse tried to bite me...yeah." Drew pursed her lips. She could barely feel Cammie's hand through the glove, and she really couldn't be sure that the horse had tried to bite her, what with the giant coat and all. But she ended up smiling because she did have fun...and more because Cammie's pink cheeks made her look younger, more human somehow.

"He didn't mean anything by it." Cammie chuckled and pulled Drew up the back stairs. She opened the door and let Drew in first. "Why don't I make some hot chocolate as an apology?" Her eyes sparkled as she leaned in a stole a quick kiss. Despite the awkwardness with her sister, Cammie was glad that Drew was there. It was the best Christmas present she could have asked for.

As she slipped out of the coat and hung it up, Drew breathed in the warm, dry air and sighed contentedly. She hadn't quite gotten the hang of ranch living yet, but the almost unadulterated time with Cammie was absolutely spoiling her. She needed to thank Taylor for urging her to go. But she was sure that the gift she'd taken upon herself to have made for Abbie to give Taylor would be a pretty good start. She half smirked thinking about that. "As long as it's hot chocolate with some kind of schnapps...preferably not peach." She pecked Cammie on the cheek and slipped into a chair. "So...what's the plan for Christmas...because I don't think the present I got you is family friendly enough to open under the tree at your sister's house."

"Peppermint or butterscotch?" Cammie pulled off her coat, then started heating milk as she pulled the cocoa out. "And I thought we would stay here until the boys finished opening their presents. I normally go over for a late breakfast, but we can skip it if you want." Really, nothing sounded better than spending the morning curled up in bed with Drew, just being lazy.

"Peppermint, please. And no...we can go. I don't want to give your sister another reason to hate me." Drew sighed softly and shook her head, shaking that off. She watched Cammie moving around the kitchen for a moment, a soft smile coming to her face at how relaxed, how comfortable Cammie seemed. It was a far cry from the way she was in DC, and it was far cry from the way Drew felt there.

Cammie finished the hot chocolate and poured in the schnapps before handing a mug to Drew. "She doesn't hate you. She just doesn't understand." Cammie headed into the living room and started a fire before she curled up on the couch.

"I think her misunderstanding translates to hate, actually," Drew replied as she curled her hands around the mug before leaning down to breathe in the scent. When she looked back up, she was smiling again, ready to simply leave that conversation behind. Drew had known for so long, and her family hadn't been particularly bad about it. She wasn't sure how to even approach Cammie's family situation. "You really love it out here don't you?"

Cammie smiled and shrugged. "It's home." She tugged Drew down onto the couch with her. She smiled ruefully, "Of course, absence makes the heart grow fonder. I would probably go crazy if I had to live out here all of the time. DC has spoiled me, even if I rarely take advantage of it."

As she settled next to her, Drew smiled. "I think this is spoiling me..." She sipped her hot chocolate before putting it down and leaning in for a kiss.

"Oh?" Cammie's smile only grew, granting Drew the kiss and sliding an arm around her. She had to admit that she was getting spoiled too. Waking up next to Drew wasn't something that she wanted to give up.

"Mmhm...all this sleeping in," she teased. Her nose brushed Cammie's but she withheld her kiss, enjoying the building warmth, the tension between them.

"Right. I forgot that you live your life perpetually sleep deprived." Cammie chuckled and slid her hand around the back of Drew's head, rubbing her thumb against the skin along her hairline.

"Partially your fault you know," Drew murmured, lips brushing Cammie's, tasting the faint taste of peppermint. She didn't mind. It wasn't what she had wanted, what she had expected. But she realized now that she didn't want to give it up.

"I'm sorry about that." It wasn't as if she liked making Drew leave so ridiculously early. It was simply what was necessary. Cammie put her hot chocolate on the floor and leaned back on the couch, encouraging Drew to lie down with her, on top of her.

Drew did, settling there easily. She put her head in the hollow of Cammie's shoulder and neck and smiled against her skin. "Stop apologizing."

"Alright." Cammie wrapped her arms around Drew, sliding her hands under the back of her shirt. "I'll stop. Though it might help if you distracted me." The fire was warm against her face, and between that and Drew, any lingering chill was quickly dispersed.

"And how," Drew began between soft kisses, "might I go about doing that, huh?" She squirmed against Cammie's hand, feeling the warmth from the mug seeping into her skin.

"Oh, I think you're doing a pretty good job figuring that out for yourself." Cammie started pushing Drew's shirt up, drawing it off of her, then she went back and unhooked her bra, quickly getting rid of that as well. She went back to rubbing her palms over Drew's back as she pulled a blanket from the back of the couch. She didn't want Drew getting cold after all. "You feel wonderful, by the way."

"You...feel like you have too many layers on," Drew murmured, pressing her hands under Cammie's shirt and getting herself tangled in the blanket as she tried to pull it off. She laughed lightly as she tried to extract herself. It was so easy between them now, almost too easy. Drew didn't want to think about why or about who might come out broken hearted. She ran her fingers up Cammie's ribs. "So, is that what girls do for fun out here in the winter?"

Cammie helped Drew out and pulled her shirt off, humming lightly in pleasure as she felt Drew's skin against hers. "I think it's a pretty good plan." She held Drew around her ribs, letting her thumbs brush down against the sides of Drew's breasts.

"God, Cammie...if I didn't know better...mmm." She kissed her hungrily. If she didn't know better she'd think Cammie had been spoiling girls most of her life.

"If you didn't know better, what?" Cammie chuckled and finally touched Drew's nipples, rubbing them lightly. She slid a leg between Drew's and pressed up against her.

"I'd think you'd been doing this for a while." Drew kissed down Cammie's neck as she unhooked her bra, simply pushing it up rather than bothering to take it off. She took one of the brunette's nipples between her teeth and flicked it playfully with her tongue.

"Oh," Cammie gasped as her nipples hardened and she arched up under Drew. "I'll take that as a compliment." She grabbed Drew's ass and pulled their bodies even tighter together.

"Mmhm," Drew intoned, moving to the other nipple as she squirmed against Cammie. She fumbled with the button on her pants, undoing them and slipping her hand underneath as her own anticipation heightened.

"You can be assured," Cammie moaned as Drew's fingers found her clit, "that you are the only person that I've had sex with on this couch."

"And your bedroom and the kitchen floor?" Drew asked, eyes sparkling as she looked up to Cammie. She teased her through her panties before simply pushing them aside, pushing through her curls to touch her clit.

"Definitely the kitchen floor." Cammie bucked under Drew's touch. "Never would have thought of that." And it was something she would remember for a very long time. She started wrestling with Drew's pants, wanting to be able to touch her too.

"Well," Drew shifted to allow Cammie better access, "you certainly were quick to get me up on the counter," she breathed as she pushed her fingers into Cammie.

"You were wearing those jeans..." Cammie's eyes closed and she grabbed at Drew when the feeling of Drew's fingers filling her registered. She spread her legs further apart, bracing one of them on the floor and knocking over her hot chocolate. "Shit. Fuck." Drew looked to see what had happened, but Cammie grabbed her head and pulled her back into another kiss. "Leave it. I swear to God, if you stop right now, I'll never let you back in my bed."

Drew paused, lingering for a moment, still teasing. "As we've made very clear, there are alternatives to the bed," she whispered before kissing Cammie fully, resuming with doubled focus.

"I hate you." Cammie arched under Drew's touch, each thrust of her fingers pushing her closer and closer toward her climax. "God, I hate you." She kissed Drew fiercely as she came, pulling her closer and closer as she shuddered against her.

"Can you," Drew said between kisses, "hate me from on top of me?" She gently rolled to allow Cammie to move. The sudden loss in contact made her yearn for it even more.

"I'll figure it out." Cammie pushed Drew further into the couch, lips already seeking out one of her nipples. She pushed her hand under Drew's pants, the fabric against her wrist only reminding her of how wet she still was, and how uncomfortable her own pants now were. She push that aside though, and focused on touching Drew.

"Uh huh..." Drew panted as she squirmed out of her pants, stopping when they were halfway down her legs. She didn't care what she looked like...if she was sexy or just plain ridiculous. Cammie't touch felt too good, and she was already close. "Just...god...yeah, like that, Cammie."

"Like this?" Cammie pressed harder against Drew's clit, flicking it with a fingernail before setting up a steady rhythm.

"Yes," Drew moaned. "Yes!" She closed her eyes tightly as her body tensed and released, her climax hitting her hard and making her cry out as she grabbed wildly for Cammie.

Cammie smiled as she watched Drew come, pressing down against her and holding her close. She kissed Drew lightly, then kissed her cheek and her neck before pulling away long enough to get both of their pants all the way off before she settled at Drew's side again.

"You taste like peppermints," Drew murmured, snuggling close as she closed her eyes.

"Peppermints, huh?" Cammie rearranged the blanket to cover them both and resettled Drew on top of her. She closed her own eyes, purposefully forgetting about the spilled hot chocolate and wishing Drew wasn't going to have to leave for DC in a few days.