Linda settled into the seat for the final fitting and knew it was just perfect. Every item was perfect and she couldn't wait for the following weekend when they would be celebrating their tenth wedding anniversary. 

The days passed slowly but eventually the Friday arrived and with it all the items required for the job. Martin wouldn't be home until late that evening and she was going to make sure he didn't catch sight of anything; she didn't want the fun spoiled. As it turned out he was very late and very drunk so it was a simple task to steer him straight to their bedroom where he fell asleep almost immediately.

Saturday dawned and Martin woke to find himself both naked and restrained; his wrists in cuffs and his legs chained to a spreader. He yelled for his wife then waited until she appeared at which time his jaw dropped.

Corrine looked like a different woman: She wore an ultra tight clear top that showed her pert breasts completely, her sex was shaved and on display as she wore a pair of leggings (or were they simply tights with pockets?) that were also completely transparent, in fact she might as well have worn nothing. They did have a superfluous belt about them which were the colour of her heels which must have been at least six inches high.

Her hair was no longer on her shoulders; it had been cut really short and dyed flame red, the colour of the heavy makeup about her eyes, her nails, her belt and the shoes. As he stared at her she walked to the bed and grasped his cock which was already hard as she pumped it she got close to him and he could smell her overpowering perfume, a musk scent with which he was unfamiliar.

"Like the way I look?" She whispered into his ear.

"God yes!" he said rather confused because this was so unlike the staid woman he'd been with these past years.

"That surprises me. I've seen some of the porn you've been viewing over the past year or so instead of having sex with me." She looked at him so she could witness the guilt on his face.

"Baby, I'm sorry..."

"Quiet." She breathed. "I've tried lots of things to encourage you but we've only done it three times in the past year and just once since Christmas. Funny thing is I've seen you pulling yourself off when you think I'm asleep in bed, even when I've tried to tempt you into it ," she paused and then added, "so you see I've come to realise you wanted something else."

"No, not real..."

"Shush" She said a little louder. "I've been looking at the porn you view both the pictures and stories and decided if you can beat them, then join them." She moved away letting his cock go as she did.

"I know you have a preference for interracial sex, or to be more accurate white women and black men so I'm going to make your dreams come true. I have arranged to hold a party for our tenth wedding anniversary, here today; it will involve several people I've made contact with over the past few weeks. Having read the stories you collected on your memory stick I think I have a good idea of what you want so let's see if I've got it right."

"Don't be daft! I don't want those things I just enjoy reading about them." Martin said slightly worried.

"You don't just read though, you look at pictures and videos as well and they are all the same. Now in around an hour or so we will have visitors and then the weekend will begin. The one thing I can guarantee is that nothing will be the same after." With that she left ignoring Martins angry protests.

It was just over an hour and a half later when she returned with others. The woman looked in her forties but with quite a good figure. She wore a black tight but very short skirt and matching top showing most of her large breasts. She also had on black ankle boots and a black chocker. Her hair was cropped very short and was also jet black and this all contrasted with her very pale skin.

Beside her were three men: They were large and black and very scary. The first actually came to the side of the bed and looked down at him. "We know all about your fantasises and we're going to make them come true. We promise your wife will love every inch of it!" he laughed and turned to his grinning accomplices. "She loves you so much she'd spent a lot of time and money to make this extra special." They all laughed at this.

Linda entered the room carrying something and by the time Martin realised what it was she was kneeling by his head. "Open wide." She instructed but he turned his head to one side, it was a mistake.

"AAAGHH...mmm" He yelled as the other woman twisted his balls. The ball gag went in, as he lay still feeling the woman's long nails raking his manhood threateningly. Linda fastened it about his head then with a nod the black man pulled him up onto his feet. He stood waiting as the next purchase was wheeled in from outside by the other two men and he looked with horror at it. 

It was a metal framed chair, clearly very heavy, with a very odd design; it had straps all over it but there were also a variety of handles and things which showed it was built to be adjusted into different positions.

He was forced into it and then his wrists were released from the cuffs and strapped tightly to the chair. The same happened to his feet then his thighs and finally his head. He now couldn't move much at all.

The other woman took his cock which was now limp and stuck it into a strange device then did the same with each of his balls. With surge of pain both balls and his cock were pulled inside the device as she operated it and he felt so constricted it took a long time for the pain to ease. 

As the water finally cleared from his eyes he found the seat had been moved to the end of the bed and with a clicking noise the two women began to move the seat angles so that his head was slowly pushed forward until he was bent at the middle his head tilted up.

Linda then lay on the bed and spread her legs and he could now see that in fact the gusset had a split down the middle which gave access to her glistening sex. As she lay expectantly he was pushed forward so his nose was next to her sex.. "Amy will remove your gag and I want you to eat me for a while. Don't say a word or she will tighten the device on you manhood by one turn."

Amy did as instructed but Martin shook himself and spoke. "Linda please, god... AAAGGGHH." The device constricted further and he was swallowed up by pain.

"No more noise." Linda said again as the device was loosened. "Now eat me out please."

Martin did as he was told and ate her very wet sex for quite a while until his wife had not only climaxed once but was clearly on her way to another.

"OK." She gasped and he was wheeled back a few paces. "Now watch as a black stranger fucks your wife." She smiled at the man who appeared naked and sporting a simply huge cock. Martin sat just feet away as he forced it slowly into his bucking wife. She was having trouble accommodating the monster but slowly it went in inch by inch until he was two-thirds there and he began to work it in and out.

Linda moved with him her heels waving in the air as the man's cock slowly went the final inches improbably disappearing into her. It was as he seemed to finally sink the last inch inside her that she had her first massive orgasm as she clung to him.

"Told you it'd be different from him." The man said as he began to get into rhythm.

She didn't seem able to speak as they fucked but she came again shortly after and then she moaned and said it was the best sex ever. They continued to do it for some time while Martin sat so uncomfortable his neck was more painful than his abused cock and balls.

Finally the man sped up and with a roar he climaxed and Linda went into another orgasm. After a short time kissing he stood away and Martin could see the gaping hole he'd left between his wife's legs. Then the chair was cranked again and he was at first back into a sitting position then all the way back so his head was parallel to his body. 

He felt the chair move and to his horror he saw Linda walking over and raising her leg before straddling the headrest which he now realised was shaped as it was to form a seat. Her slimy sex was over his face and she adjusted herself until her lips were against his mouth.

"Suck the cum from me or we'll tighten the device." She said and without hesitation he did. There was a cascade of slime from her which he almost gagged on but such had been the pain from his manhood (not that it was entirely gone even now) he didn't want any repeat no matter what. So he sucked it up and kept on licking.

Linda had a mini-climax after ten minutes or so but before that Martin could hear sounds that the other woman was now having sex. Once she'd recovered she hopped off and stood over him smiling. "Amy's almost ready to let you have seconds." She said then she moved from his view.

A short time later the other woman sat on his face and he dutifully sucked her. She was very full and a huge amount of cum slipped into his mouth but he did as he was told and kept working on her until she also had a climax.

Finally the chair was put upright and Martin saw that his wife was already on her back with the third black man pounding away. Amy got close to his ear and whispered. "You'll be tasting a lot of cum this weekend. This isn't the only item of furniture Linda has, so just wait until this evening!" She gave his ear a lick then breathed. "What you don't realise yet is your dear wife is fucking complete strangers. She hasn't met any of them before and has no idea who they are or where they are from. I organised it all for her but I can let you into a secret that they are all very dominant and she will be used like a whore all weekend."

After this coupling he was allowed out of the chair but only to kneel at the foot of the bed where he performed his duties as his wife draped her legs over his shoulders. It was over two hours since they arrived and his balls were really painful so when Amy took him into the next room and gave him some painkillers to take he did so happily then he rested on the bed for a while until she came back and led him slowly downstairs and into the front room.

Linda had changed into a flared dress that was actually shorter than her crotch, she had on stockings and her red heels and was dancing with one of the black men. She smiled at him and came over and kissed him then told him to sit on the sofa which he did. He watched as the man played with her then after getting her hot again she went down on him and sucked him until he was ready and then she walked on all fours to him and as he took her doggy-style she grasped the device and did something to it. He felt it tighten about the base but thankfully it wasn't as painful as before although she held on to it as she rocked back and forth.

She looked into his eyes and then said. "It's just like your stories, I'm being fucked in front of you by a black man who I don't even know. By the end of this weekend I'll be so stretched only black cock will satisfy me." She climaxed as the words turned her on. After this session he was put back into the spreader and handcuffed to the bed. His wife and Amy left him alone for some time and he lay his cock throbbing painfully until Amy retuned and sat on his face her sex having been used once again.

Later that day he was shackled and led downstairs again where he found a group of young black teenagers having sex with his wife. He didn't get to watch but was taken to the dining room where he was force to his knees and found his head fitted to the seat of a wooden chair then the device on his cock and balls was attached to the back of the seat so he had to keep his crotch raised to avoid hanging by his cock as his hands were cuffed behind him and attached to his ankles.

It was a little later Linda came in dressed in a the same short dress as before and sat in the seat. The dining table was pushed so she was in the right place and the other seats were filled with the remaining guests. Martin had his face full of her sex with copious amounts of cum sliding into his mouth as she sat chatting while they ate dinner. Only once did she even acknowledge him; when she grabbed his hair hard and hissed for him to bring her off, which he did.

He was unable to support his weight properly so his poor balls and cock were forced to take some of his weight which was agony until finally the guests left the table and Amy let him out of the seat and he slumped to the floor. She asked if he was in pain which he simply nodded, he was almost beyond speech. She said she had a solution and then after a slight delay he jumped as he felt a needle penetrate by his cock but before the roar of pain had reached his lips the pain subsided and he feel finally at ease.

He was left there for ages then later that night he was dragged out and unchained then led into the front room where Linda was sitting her soiled sex open and gushing with a couple of the teenagers dressing near the door. Without a word being spoken he was led to her and he began to eat her slimy sex. She said goodbye to the boys then suggested that Amy get the bed ready.

After he'd fed on her pussy for ages (his jaw ached so much now) he was taken to the spare room where he saw the new bed. It was like a gynaecological treatment table with separate sections for each leg and stirrups at the end. He lay on this and was strapped in then Amy ducked under and he felt her probing about his rear, which was over a hole. She lubricated it then pushed a small device into it and set it off. 

The vibration stimulated his cock but being constrained in its tight prison made it agony but Amy seemed pleased when he whispered a plea to her to help him.

Linda returned in a very sexy nightdress accompanied by her first black lover. "Goodnight Martin. I'll leave the door open so you can hear me as this thug abuses me.. Oh! By the way I'm told that your cock might get hurt a lot before morning but Amy's a nurse so will give you another shot when she remembers to." She kissed him on the forehead and went off to the main bedroom.

Amy came in a few minutes later and whispered that she would look after him in the morning before she too left in the arms of one of the black men. The pain became intense but after about an hour Amy returned and told him that if he did a good job on her pussy she'd help him out. He worked hard on her ignoring the unpleasant taste and her now rather pungent odour.


"Do you want me to help you?" she said finally and he nodded. "It's not good for your cock you know. But I can help.

With that she unlocked the device and after some very uncomfortable pulling he was freed.

"OK honey. Lets see what you can do." She stated and rubbed his abused cock which sprang up hard (and painfully). She worked it with her wrist then got close to him. "Do you want me to ride you?" She said in a stage whisper.

"Yes" he said in reply and she smiled.

"Your funeral!" She stated as she climbed on him his cock disappearing inside her easily. Then he felt her sex grip his cock and with a smile she began to use her muscles on his bruised cock.

"AGH, that hurts!" he added as she worked on him.

"Of course it will, I can crack nuts with my pussy!" She teased. Then she produced the gag and with a look that told him to obey she said "Open!" and he let her put it on him.

He hoped she would go easy on him if he was compliant but she wasn't and her trained pussy muscles gripped him so hard that he yelled into the gag. She was enjoying hurting him and continued to squeeze his cock periodically in between more gentle activities until he wanted to cry.

Finally she got off him and pulled him to a climax, his seed erupting so hard it felt like nothing he'd ever experienced; not good but not bad either. Then she left him but covered him with a blanket before turning out the light.

Martin heard his wife cry out several times and on one occasion she was actually crying and asking the man to stop whatever he was doing but clearly he did not as Linda yelled out several times after that although later he heard her ask the man to cum inside her so she didn't seem to mind him that much.

Martin suffered from awful cramp twice in the night however in the morning Amy released him from the restraints but only after fitting him with a small device that was so tight around the base of his cock and balls that he was under no illusion what would happen if she tugged at the chain that led from it and was firmly in her hand. He was then led into his own bedroom to witness what was happening:

Linda was on the bed, spread-eagled her head turned to one side as the black man fucked her face really hard, She was pulling at her restraints clearly in distress but he didn't seem to care and was holding her head as he pushed his cock deep into her throat.

 Martin made a move forward but a pull on the chain stopped him as he felt the base tighten sharply. Amy winked at him then whispered. "Your wife has a ring in her mouth which keeps it open so she isn't tempted to bite down. The cock is in her throat which is uncomfortable but I'm told the feeling for the man is brilliant anyway she might pass out but she won't die."

Martin watched as his wife stopped fighting but worked desperately to time her short breaths to his thrusts. After some time the man roared and pushed deep keeping his cock in place as his wife thrashed about unable to breath. When he finally pulled back she fell limp to the bed. He grinned at Martin then walked past him to the shower room. He looked at Linda and was surprised to she was awake and looking at him, her mouth still open in an O shape the ring keeping it that way.

"Your up lover!" Amy yelled then waited before her lover of the previous evening appeared and took his place at Linda's head. She shook her head twice before he gripped it and shoved his huge cock into the opening.

"God that feels so good." He grinned at Martin then pounded his wife's face aggressively. He lasted about fifteen minutes before he was spent then he also left her to freshen up.

"Linda  needs a kiss." Amy said and led him to the bed where she put her hands into his wife's mouth and twisted the lock and the o ring folded to be removed. She massaged Linda's jaw for a minute or two then pulled on the chain and Martin came over.

"Give your wife a deep kiss." She chucked and after a deep breath he did feeling her tongue swirl responsively in his mouth. Her lips and chin still had cum on them and he could once again taste her lovers.

"My pussy is really sore. She said after a while. "I've been really abused and I need you tongue in me to help make me feel better." Linda said speaking for the first time.

He did as requested and ate her for ages before she let him stop. During this Amy released him and then surprised him further by pulling his cock until it was hard.

"Now you won't feel her pussy but fuck your wife."

He looked at her now afraid of her reaction but she nodded and he climbed on. The sex was surprisingly good and both of them reached a climax despite his cock feeling so loose inside her. As they lay kissing Amy got close and whispered happy anniversary then left.

It was an hour later they were down stairs and Martin discovered both the guests and the furniture had gone. When he quizzed his wife she smiled.

"I rented them from Amy and her crew."

"How did you find them?"

"On the net. Offering bespoke services. I told them what was happening between us and they came up with the solution."

"What happens now?" he asked.

"Depends on you. If you behave and give me sex when I want it then nothing. If you don't satisfy me then Amy has given me the number of a guy whom she calls a bull that will do the job instead. Only problem with that is it's an all or nothing deal."

"Meaning?"

"If he visits then he gets to fuck me only and basically I'll be his sex partner after that not yours."

"Please don't"

"Then you need to indulge my every whim."

"I will!"

"Yes I know!" She smiled and looked him over. Things were going to be different from now on, very different.




