Hola from Mexico
by FenixENF

May and her family where enjoying their vacation in Mexico. The ocean side resort they had chosen was gorgeous and full of tourist from around the world.
A young filipina mother of 2 at the age of 26, May still looked phenomenal in her one-piece bathing suit.
Something her husband Jason loved and noticed as many men took the time too gaze at his hot wife.

After her kids May had retained her perky B-cup breast which bordered on a C if you asked Victoria's Secret.
Her tummy had returned to its pre-kid flatness although softer than before.
Lastly May's booty had also benefited from a little baby fat as it now looked rounder and her hips wider.
May wore a yellow one-piece swim suit from before the kids that day.
It resembled a life guards uniform, although now stressed at the bust and tighter around the crotch.

Much of these voluptuous changes however where lost on May who felt more self conscious than ever.

May: "Alright family!"
She proclaimed loudly to her stroller bound babies and tired looking husband.

May:"Its time for the Dolphin swim!"
The excited mom announced to her boys.

Jason's unenthusiastic expression and the two sleeping toddlers was a clear sign they weren't having it.
May was crushed, she wanted this activity more than any other on this trip and this was the only time slot left before dinner on their last day.

Jason: "Babe, why don't I take the babies for a bath, and nap before you and I meet for an adults only dinner. You can enjoy the dolphin swim and some ""Me Time""

Her disappointment melted away under the caring acts of her husband to make sure she enjoyed herself first.
And with that the family parted ways.
The young mother now re-invigorated didn't have to walk far to get to the Dolphin tank as it was dead center behind the resort.

A massive tank visible from every room facing the back side of the hotel was the key feature that drove May's selection of this resort.
Not only that but the tank had one entire wall made of transparent acrylic, this wall was shared with the restaurant and was advertised as "Dinner with a view of Dolphins!"

Yet another reason for May to love this place as she would dine there tonight with her husband.

Upon her arrival to the Dolphin Deck, May encountered beautiful latina girl wearing a white tennis skirt and red polo shirt.
"Maria" it read on her name tag but the teen didn't respond to that name, or anything... as she seemed indifferent to May's arrival and kept to her phone instead.
Maria's greeting was instead more of a "Next" making sure May was indeed on the schedule then a monotone reading of the "Dolphin Greet" procedures.

Maria:"Welcome...our dolphin she is named Donna...please no cameras in the water...please wear floaties on arms...have fun."
The arm floaties were actually for the kid swimmers but Maria didn't care to switch up the speech.

May: "Awwe it's a shame Jason isn't here I wanted to share this moment on instagram"
May said hoping to encourage the teen girl to take a few pictures.

Maria: "Give me you phone i share on instagram"

May: "Really!"
She was again excited and proceeded to unlocked, then handed her phone to maria after opening instagram.

The buxom mommy slid her arms into the floaties and ignoring their tightness around her biceps jumped into the water.
It was then she realized that maybe she should have wore a life vest instead, as her arms where forced to float beside her.
May turned to see Maria pointing her own iphone at her, then turned to see Donna the Dolphins dorsal fin approaching.

This was it! May always wanted to pet a Dolphin and her dream was becoming real, but something went wrong.
Instead of greeting May, Donna began to tug at May's swimsuit from the front pulling the helpless May away from the platform and towards the clear acrylic side of the tank.

The dolphin shook its head back and forth as if intentionally trying to rip the bathing suit off of May's body!
After a few seconds of unsuccessful struggle Donna swam away and left a panic stricken May floating near the transparent wall facing the restaurant.

May was shook, scared and looking around in panic to see if she could see were Donna went. But the floaties prevented her from looking under the water and above the surface all she could see was Maria holding up May's phone and the hotel balconies facing the tank.

"Stop Recording!" May screamed, shaking her arms to get Maria's attention. Maria lifted her gaze from the phone to May and said,

Maria: "Si instagram live"

That's when May saw Donna's dorsal fin speeding back towards her, and in seconds May went under water holding her breath as she braced for the plunge.
The Dolphin had grabbed May's swim suit from the front and dragged May down floaties and all.
The older one-piece was no match for the stresses of Donna pulling down and the floaties up, and was torn off of May's body instantly just a few feet from the bottom of the tank.

May's time at the bottom of the tank was surreal, she felt the snap of her suit then the cool touch of the calm water on her naked body.
The young mom began to slowly float back up, her arms pulled up by the floaties did not allow her to cover her naked form.
It was then she noticed she had spun around and was facing the restaurant!
Butt naked her caramel flesh magnified by the tanks distortion on display for all the dinners at the eatery.
Mortified by what she had just experienced May's head breached the surface, her body still facing the clear acrylic.

"Help me please!" she screamed only garnering the attention of everyone on their balconies.
She turned to see Maria still streaming live.
Suddenly Donna returned! she dove between May's legs forcing the Filipina to mount the Dolphin. The speed laid May out titties up on the back of the animal.
Thus began May's tank wide tour, spread eagle and face up above the surface on a swimming Dolphin.

The Dolphin sped around the surface of the water with May on full display, titties jiggling, pussy open, crying and screaming.
With every lap around the tank May's teary eyes could make out either a crowd of balcony on-lookers or Maria transmitting her ordeal live to her instagram followers.

After about 5 laps on display top up, Donna swam out from underneath May only to return seconds later this time from the front.
Forcing May to mount the Dolphin ass up, and grabbing on to her dorsal fin.

Donna again swam her laps as though by routine, this time giving the hotel guests an unobstructed view of May's pert booty. Unfortunately for May being mounted on a dolphin face down, legs spread, also revealed her most intimate charms to balcony crowds composed of tourist, both adult and children alike. May could feel the cold air and mist splash against her vagina and butthole as she rode ass first around the tank 5 more times but all she could do was grip Donna's fin a pray for this nightmarish ride to end.

And end it did, The Dolphin pressed the exhausted May in front of the restaurant wall giving the dinners a view of May's goodies but from behind this time.
May's spread cheeks hit the acrylic wall and shockingly gave everyone a pornographic view of May's pussy and butthole, amplified by the thickness of the glass to the restaurant side.
It was exactly like holding a magnifying glass to May's beautiful brown orifices.

May had zero fight left, but she was unaware of the scene she was putting on, she had lost all sense of direction.
She had no idea what a vulgar position she was in.
Only that her ass and pussy sat firmly pressed on a cold smooth surface.

A surface she would use to kick off of with what little strength she had, that too was quite the show for those lucky enough to have a table near the tank.
Donna released momentarily to do a lap, while May surfaced to cheers and gasps from the crowds, and that damn Maria still broadcasting to her family and work friends.
The Filipina spun herself to face the clear wall, she couldn't climb out and she knew on the other side of the glass the restaurant was privy to a view of everything below her neck, legs kicking and her bald pussy, ass and tits moving rhythmically under water.

The Dolphin then approached May for the last time and pressed her head to May's back, once again squeezing May to the acrylic wall.
May's head submerged underwater and was again facing the restaurant goers, except this time her full frontal nudity was pressed to the glass.
Her brown nipples looked like Hershey's kisses atop her mocha breast pressed firmly to the clear wall, her stomach, face and pussy too laid flat against the glassy surface.

Even underwater she could see the flashes of the expensive tourist cameras in the restaurant, screams and laughter on the other side of the tank, only faint murmurs to the defeated mom's ears.
The Dolphin grabbed May by her left arm floatie after 10 seconds of excruciating humiliation and dragged her back to the platform releasing her just inches from Maria.
But it was two burly Mexican men who grabbed May out from under the water and flopped her naked body out onto the deck.
May looked up weepy eyed to face her own phone camera in Maria's hands as the sexy latina said with a heavy accent.

Maria: "Say Hola from Mexico!"

The End


Epilogue:

May was walked back to her hotel room in only a towel, a towel which left much of her ass cheeks hanging out if im honest.
There she was greeted by her husband who was finishing up getting ready for dinner.
The still teary May ran into Jason's arms causing the towel to fall and give the security officers an uninhibited view of her ass before the door slammed closed.
Needless to say May didn't wanna face anyone who might still be at the restaurant from earlier. And instead put on 2 layers of pajamas and crawled into bed.

The Hotel comped the families entire stay, its the least they could do.
Especially after-all the free viral publicity they got from all the video's, angled from the balconies and restaurant spreading online.
Also apparently there was a photographers convention from Japan in house so...yeah. :roll:

But the absolute worst of it in May's eyes was the "Going Live" notification that hundreds of her closest followers clicked open on that day.