"That's going to wreck him."

Chloe stopped counting knot holes in the barn roof and turned her stare to Pete, who was still peering through Clark's telescope at the Kent house. "What?"

"If that's where they're going. To, uh, you know. Say good bye."

Chloe stretched to the full length of Clark's couch, wondering if the universe had just imploded without her noticing. "You're worried about Lex's emotional state?"

"What?" Pete swung his head away from the telescope so fast Chloe swore she heard his neck crack. "No! Are you mental? I'm talking about Clark. He really likes Pamela." He cleared his throat and went back to the telescope.

Chloe watched him with narrowed eyes. "Pete, why are we here?"

Pete sighed. "Is that a meaning of life question, or—"

"I mean, besides spying on your girlfriend with a telescope, which isn't creepy at all."

Pete gave her a truly terrifying glare over his shoulder. "One, she's not my girlfriend, she's a friend. Two, she's been beat up and had the crap scared out of her by Dr. Glowsticks. Three, Lugosi and his two ninjas think she's out to kill Clark or something and I don't trust any of them not to do something about it."

"Four, you're just praying to the God of the Pig-Men that she'll take something off." Chloe returned the glare, undaunted. "Mrs. Kent told us to go home. I want to go home, Pete. I want a shower. I want to sleep in my bed. I want to forget about the Twilight Zone for a few hours. Why am I here?"

Pete's glare became withering. "And you called me a wuss? What happened to 'Pete, we are the Marines'?"

Chloe sat up, slamming her hand on the arm of the sofa as if it were her sense of guilt. "Look. When attack helicopters start blowing up houses around us? It just might be a clue that we're in over our heads. We're metaphorical Marines, not literal Marines. There's a difference, and he who doesn't know the difference gets turned into red mist or impaled on some glowdick's arm."

"Look, Chloe, in the past month you've nearly gotten me shot by crazed Mossad assassins—"

"It was one crazed Mossad assassin, and you swore you'd never bring that up again."

"—and chased by Asshole Senior's security guards—"

"I told you to keep moving. But oh, no, we had to play with the hose—"

"—and fucking blown up by Luthor or Luthors unknown—"

"How was I supposed to know there was artillery involved?"

"—and now I am calling in my favors. You are going to stay right here and help me protect Lana from Lugosi's ninjas because you freaking owe me."

Chloe opened her mouth to say, uncategorically, that she did not owe Peter Thurgood Ross squat, but Pete beat her to it.

"And even if you didn't, you owe Clark."

Chloe folded her arms across her chest, so she wouldn't scratch his eyes out. "This has nothing to do with Clark. This has to do with your undying itch for Lana Lang."

"She's a friend." Pete finally turned away from the damn telescope to focus all his manly wrath on her. "She's Clark's friend, too."

"She's lying," Chloe said finally, because it was the truth, and it was about time someone besides Lugosi said it. "She's lying, Pete. There's something going on here that has nothing to do with her trying to help Clark. I can feel it."

"Special girl powers?" There was nothing friendly in Pete's sneer.

"Common sense," Chloe snapped, stung. "Stop thinking with your junk and try some." She snatched up her bag and stormed down the loft stairs, leaving Pete staring after her like the idiot she knew he was.

***

Clark tried to give Lex a minute. It was hard. It was hard to stand there in that room, even with his back to everybody, even not looking as he heard Teskey raise the sheet over Pamela, even not watching as his mother broke down and cried anyway, despite direct orders. Eli finished his prayer and started talking in a soft murmur to Teskey and his mom and dad; he could have heard what was being said if he'd tried, but he didn't try. He didn't want to. 

It wasn't fair.

Pamela shouldn't have died. She was good. She loved Lex. Lex loved her and needed her and fuck it, Karloff and Lionel Luthor were still walking around, like they deserved to and she didn't. This was wrong. It should never have happened. And God only knew what it would do to Lex. He yanked the bedroom door open.

"Son," Jonathan said in a weird, wobbly voice. "He needs time."

"No," Clark said, and only then realized that he was crying, too. "He's had too much time."

If he could have flown up to their bedroom, he would have; running wasn't nearly fast enough, even though the wind he stirred up knocked a couple of pictures off the walls in the hall, and toppled some books Lex had dumped at the top of the stairs. Clark stared around the dark room as the damaged French doors creaked back and forth ominously in the night breeze. Lex wasn't there. Oh, that was bad. It was really bad, and he'd been stupid for thinking Lex would come up here. There was only one place he could be now. There'd be only one thing he'd be thinking about.

This time his backdraft was so strong it slammed Pamela's door shut all the way from the stairs, sent coats flying off the banister, overturned glasses in the kitchen. Clark flung open the pantry door and came to sudden halt, startled.

Lex was seated on the floor of the pantry, staring into the black of the open trap door. He glanced up at Clark, then slowly raised his right hand. Bessie's key gleamed at Clark from between Lex's index and middle fingers. "You should have taken it from me," he said calmly. "I nearly did it. Your trust is misplaced, Clark. It's badly misplaced, and I think it's time we reevaluate—"

Clark was on the floor hugging Lex to him before Lex could get another stupid word out. "Shut up," he breathed in Lex's ear, rocking him gently. "I love you, shut up." He shouldn't be saying that; he should be saying stuff about how Pamela was in a better place or how she wasn't hurting anymore. Lex's arms went around him. The key fell from his fingers and rattled on the wide pine floorboards. "Lex, I…" Clark groped for something to say that wasn't stupid, anything that would help, and came up empty. He bent to whisper in Lex's ear. "We don't have to maintain in the pantry, either."

Lex started to shake, then. For a second, Clark thought it was laughter, that bitter laughter that Lex summoned up when he had nothing else left. But it wasn't. Lex was crying. And he wasn't making a sound. And God, that was the scariest thing of the whole scary day.

Clark just held him, feeling stupid and helpless and what the hell do you do when the guy you want to get old with is beyond having nothing else left? God. Nobody should have to watch their mom die twice. "You're not alone," he muttered, hardly knowing what he was saying. "You'll never be alone, Lex." 

Lex's forehead rested on Clark's shoulder. "She really liked you, you know," he whispered brokenly, the horrible shaking easing.

Clark swallowed, blinking hard. "I liked her, too. A lot. I'm glad I got to know her."

"So am I. Another unintended benefit of my father's God complex."

"That's not how I think of it, Lex."

"I'm…sorry. About the key."

"Lex, forget about the damn key. I know what you were thinking."

Silence. "Tell me."

"You were thinking…that if you lost one more person you loved, you'd go crazy."

Lex clutched him so hard that Clark knew it would have hurt anyone else. "Clark. I'm already there. I'm already—"

"No," Clark said flatly. He cradled Lex, kissing his cheek as Lex's grip loosened, and lowered him to lay Lex's head in his lap. "No, Lex." He wiped Lex's tears away. "You're not. Not now. I'd know if you were."

"And you'd tell me?"

"Haven't I always?"

That awful, bitter laugh came then. "Yes. You have."

Clark let himself breathe again. "We all go crazy sometimes, Lex. You've got more reasons to go there than anybody I've ever met."

Lex closed his eyes. "And you still want to get old with me?" He was barely audible.

"Yeah," Clark said gently, resting his hand on Lex's hot forehead.

"Still my boy?" Lex's voice broke.

"Aw, Lex." Clark bent down and kissed him. "Always."

Lex opened his eyes, and Clark almost flinched at what he saw there. "I want her back."

"Me, too."

"I want her back."

***

"They will be here by morning."

The sound of Eli's cell phone clicking shut made Jonathan jump; he nearly spilled his coffee on Lex's brand new sofa. Restraining an inappropriate oath, he sipped it down. "Good. I don't suppose you have any idea where—"

"They are in the pantry."

Jonathan glanced up at him, not sure if he was more startled by Eli's ability to read his mind, or the fact that Clark and Lex were in the pantry. 

Eli met his gaze with a rueful shrug, barely visible in the dim light from the kitchen. "Alexander is not a man to make a display of his grief. Or his fear."

Jonathan grimaced. "That's not good. We need to get him out of there."

"I should leave that to the cricket, if I were you."

Jonathan sighed and slurped his coffee. Real coffee. Lex didn't keep that decaffeinated crap in his house. Martha would have his hide for it later, but right now it was the nectar of the gods. "He shouldn't have lost her, Eli. It's just…he's lost too much already. How much can a boy take?"

Eli turned away to stare out the living room windows into the dark. "As much as is required. So it has always been."

Jonathan set his mug down on the coffee table, irked. "Not everybody's a soldier."

"No." Eli's voice was quiet. "They are not. Until they must be."

"Not everybody must be. Hell, Eli, I've lived two-thirds of my life now and I've never had to go lethal on anybody's ass."

"You are a very fortunate man. I was a soldier by the time I was five."

Jonathan regarded Eli skeptically. "A prodigy, huh?"

Silence. "When I found my father dead in the street with the others, I ran home and hid. Under the bed I shared with my brothers. They laughed at me, until a neighbor came with the news."

Jonathan groped for understanding. "Your father—"

"A friend of my father's was able to procure false papers, but only for two of us. I was the youngest. My brothers insisted that I travel to Palestine with our mother. They would join us later. They never joined us."

Jonathan understood, far too late. "God. Eli."

"On our way to the train station, our friend handed me a firearm. He said I must protect my mother now. I put the weapon in the pocket of my coat. I protected her."

"I didn't know that you—"

"Many times over the years I have returned to the town of my childhood. Many times I have asked questions, have searched the fields and woods. But there are too many graves, too many pits. My brothers are nowhere, and everywhere. My aunts, my uncles, my cousins. Nowhere, and everywhere."

"I am so damn sorry. I didn't realize—"

"So many friends over the decades. So many soldiers. Not a day's forgetting. Not a night's peace. Joseph. Lillian. Pamela." Eli leaned his forehead against the dark glass of the window. "Nowhere, and everywhere."

Jonathan was up and across the room before he realized what he was doing; he put his arm around Eli's shoulder and stood awkwardly by his side, trying not to look at Eli's wet face. "Just everywhere, Eli. They're all everywhere tonight."

***

Martha pulled up a chair to the other side of Pamela's bed, her eyes fixed on Siobhan Teskey's fingers as they moved down the length of her rosary. The woman's eyes were half-shut; her prayers no more than a whisper of breath. The dim light of the bedside lamp glistened on the beads.

"You're not a praying woman, Martha."

Startled, Martha raised her gaze to Teskey's pale face. "No, not really. Not since my mother died."

"I have been that angry." Teskey regarded her with a grave expression and red eyes.

Martha shifted uncomfortably. She'd never thought of herself as angry. "You've lost family, too."

Teskey smiled, but there was no humor in it. Lex had a smile like that. "I'm from Belfast."

It took a moment for Martha to understand. "Oh," she said faintly.

Teskey laid aside her rosary. 

"Cumhthach labhras an lonsa,
an t-olc do fhuair d'fheadarsa
cidh bé do théalaigh a theagh
is fá éanaibh do hairgeadh.

An t-olc fhuairsean a-nossa
ní cian uaidh ó fhuarassa
maith m'aithne ar do labhra, a luin,
a haithle th'adhbha d'argain."

Martha didn't understand a word, but she could feel ancient mourning in the sounds. "Is that…Gaelic?"

"Yes. A poem from the 12th century, or so the scholars say. I think it's older.

It is sadly the blackbird calls,
the wrong that is done him I know.
The cowherd took his house
and killed his little birds.

The wrong done to him now
was also done to me.
Well I understand you, blackbird,
after the wreck of your house."

Martha felt her breath quicken. "Siobhan?"

"You're a fortunate woman, Martha Kent, to have your little birds." Siobhan met her gaze steadily. "Pamela understood this as well."

"Pamela." Martha folded her shaking hands and looked at the still form under the sheet. "Oh. She never said anything… Oh, my lord."

"A very fortunate woman."

"Yes, I am," Martha whispered, wondering how she could ever have forgotten the truth of that. She rose from her chair. "I need to find my son." She took a breath. "My sons."

Teskey nodded, and turned to look at Pamela. "It's a sore night, and a family should stay close."

"I'm so terribly sorry, Siobhan."

Teskey gave her that smile again. "Yes, I know. Thank you, Martha."

"I'll be back later."

Teskey nodded absently, smoothing the folds of the sheet that covered Pamela. "If the oaks and stars could die for sorrow, it's a dark sky and a hard and naked earth we'd have this night."

Martha turned and fled.

***

Chloe Sullivan was full of shit. She was jealous. She'd never liked Lana. Jesus, all you had to do was look at Lana to see she was in trouble, or listen to her for five minutes. Pete squinted through the telescope. The lights were on inside the house now, but he could see nothing through the guest room window. She couldn't still be sleeping. Maybe something godawful was happening. Maybe Max and Moira had drugged her and were interrogating her. Or worse. Damn! What had Clark been thinking, leaving her alone with those two? He should have stayed…

Stayed. Here. Alone. Pete rubbed the back of his neck, scowling, and straightened to stretch his back. There was no way Lana would hurt Clark, or anyone else. First, she had no reason to. Second, Lana couldn't hurt a fly even if she had a reason. Oh, hell. The only way this was going to make any kind of sense was to talk to Lana. Like, alone, without any international assassins around, fingering their thumbscrews.

Enough of this crap.

Pete clambered down the steps and strode past the Kent's truck and into the dark, heading for the kitchen door, but got no farther than a few steps before the sound of a crash and raised voices from inside the house brought him up short.

"Let go of me! You can't keep me here!"

Pete took off across the yard, wrenched open the back door and tumbled into the kitchen, only to be blocked by some overturned chairs. Everything on the kitchen table had been knocked over, the freezer door was hanging open for some jeebus-only-knows reason, kitchen chairs were everywhere, and there, in the middle of it all was Lana lying face-down on the floor, with Moira sitting on her.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Pete shouted, kicking the chairs out of his way. "Get off her!"

Moira eyed him with a sour expression. "My day is complete. Dudley Do-Right has arrived."

Lana turned her head to look up at him; her face was streaked with tears. "Pete, please, she's hurting me—"

"Oh, sweetie, if you think this is hurting—"

Pete charged Moira, making a wild grab at her arm, and found himself on his back staring at the ceiling before he knew which end was up.

"Playing with the kiddies, are we, Moira?" 

Pete groped for a minute before he recognized the voice. Crap. Shit. Fuck! It was Max.

"Do not start with me! You're supposed to be on the perimeter." Moira stood up and pulled an openly weeping Lana to her feet.

Pete scrambled up and made another lunge at Moira, but Max seized the back of his collar and hauled him back. "Just cool your jets, lover. Moira, what the hell is going on here?"

Moira righted a chair and shoved Lana into it. "Oh nothing much. Check out who I found her calling." She snatched up a cell phone from the table and tossed it to Max, who caught it neatly with one hand and flipped it open.

Craning his neck, Pete managed to catch a glimpse of the most recent call, but the number meant nothing to him. It evidently meant something to Max, however, who regarded Lana with raised eyebrows.

"What?" Pete demanded, struggling to escape Max's grasp. "Who is it?"

Max righted another chair and sat Pete down so hard he grunted. "Our little princess has been talking to your friend Karloff."

Pete turned to stare at Lana in disbelief.

Max flipped the phone shut and tossed it back to Moira, looking thoroughly aggravated. "And more than she's talked to us, apparently. Damn it, Moira, you didn't search her?"

"With Mama Kent hovering like a—"

"It's not what you think!" Lana burst out. "It's not what you think at all!"

"What the hell could you have to say to Karloff?" Pete slammed his fist on the table, and Lana jumped. "Answer me!"

Lana looked at him pleadingly. "Pete, he said he could help."

"Oh, I'll bet he did! Are you crazy? Do you know who that guy is? He's a murderer! A murderer who gets his rocks off thinking about getting his hands on Clark and doing God knows what to him before he sells him to the highest bidder!"

"No," Lana said shakily. "You're wrong. He won't hurt Clark. He gave me his word."

"Oh dear oh me his word," Max said dryly, closing the freezer door. "Hear that, Moira?"

"I heard. Which, of course, explains why I caught her taking this out of the freezer." Moira hoisted a metal box, and Pete's stomach plummeted. That could only be one thing.

"What the fuck, Lana?" Pete knew he was shouting, and he didn't care. "Do you know what that is? Do you know what it could do to Clark?"

"He wants to destroy it," Lana whispered.

"I suppose you've seen that, too!"

"Pete. Enough." Max loomed over Lana. "There is no way you're as stupid as you're pretending to be. You're playing Hamilton against the clone. Why?"

"I'm not playing anybody. I'm trying to help—"

"Your boyfriend is dead meat," Moira said brutally. "Pretty soon he won't even remember who you are."

"No! It can be reversed, Dr. Hamilton—"

"Let me guess. He gave you his word, too."

Lana's gaze locked with Pete's, and something there made Pete lean away. "A man's word is his bond."

Pete scowled, uncertain. A man's word was his bond? "What?"

"What the hell are you playing at, girl?" Max's voice was low, now, low and deadly.

"The process can be reversed. The subjects must be saved."

This was too fucking much. "What the hell are you talking about?" Pete shouted at her. "Jesus Christ, Lana! You're risking your life, Clark's life, hell, all our lives! What the fuck are you doing?"

Lana tearful gaze went from face to face. "The moral imperative is clear. The experiment must be terminated. Both facilities must be shut down permanently."

"Oh," Moira breathed, stepping away. "Oh, Christ."

"Lana," Pete said shakily. "What the hell's wrong with you?"

Max laid a hand on his shoulder. "Lana's left the building, Pete," he said gently.

"Dr. Hamilton's actions are my responsibility. I should not have been swayed by Mr. Luthor's arguments. I knew better."

Moira knelt beside Lana's chair. "Who am I speaking to?"

Lana turned to look at her, tears continuing to roll down her cheeks. "Science unfettered by ethical constraints inevitably leads to disaster, and yet I convinced myself that opportunities for research I couldn't dream of in a traditional academic setting were worth the risk."

"Oh, God." Pete staggered up out of his chair and backed away. No. No, this was not happening.

"Mr. Luthor convinced me that there were magnificent discoveries waiting to be made by men who were determined enough to defy convention. All my instincts told me this attitude was dangerous to all concerned, but I could not resist."

"Who are you?" Max asked softly.

"Mr. Luthor meant well. He believed in this research. He could not have foreseen—"

"Who the hell are you?" Pete yelled, kicking his chair.

Lana blinked and looked up at him with a blank expression. "Dickinson. Dr. Michael Dickinson."

***