Debbie And The Tigers
by paul2021

Debbie becomes the Queen of the Jungle.

Debbie, still living as a concubine of Prince Rashid, has become the lover of Princess Nadira as described in "Debbie and the Princess". The golden days at the Lodge with Nadira are now coming to an end.

*********

Days and nights passed with more love making but no more role play. Nadira delighted in healing Debbie as Debbie had healed her after Nadira's flight from the Sultan's Palace in the city. The debt had been re-paid.

They had both realised their fantasies and Nadira had exercised her demons. That was enough. They had been to the other side and experienced the dark urges and were too frightened to return - the door was shut and bolted and the case of forbidden magic was sent back to the Palace to avoid temptation.

Nadira was ready for her true love and Debbie's restlessness was growing. She arranged a meeting with the Prince at the Summer Palace.

********

The Prince was not surprised when Debbie spoke honestly about her isolation and her desire to actuate the escape clause. They still held a great friendship for one another and those bonds had strengthened as their passion had weakened. She was sufficiently immersed in her new life that, to Debbie, he was no longer Rashi - he was "My Prince". She was mature enough to recognise that this was unhealthy but was still too much attached to the erotic opulence of her situation to want out immediately. They agreed that she would fly home in a month.

She also took the opportunity to remind the Prince that she wished to have Jafari, her African masseur, to pleasure her again.

When all was finished and Debbie was about to take her leave, the Prince called for champagne and invited her to sit with him:

"Deborah, I would like you to assist me with an important matter if you are agreeable?"

Debbie was eager to help and the Prince continued:

"I have in mind a major project for the Sultanate that will bring money and fame to my country. I wish to build a premium class health resort in these mountains to provide a retreat for the very wealthy - but I do need investors and their money.

I have two young and very rich Italians who are interested and they are flying by helicopter into the palace this afternoon. We will be meeting tomorrow and I want you to be their guide in the day and their pleasure in the evening. I will not let them touch you - I do not know their health or provenance - but I would ask if you are willing to put on a show in the evening with Jafari who - I may now tell you - is already here in the Summer Palace. I have briefed him regarding content and I have employed a specialist team to make preparations."

Debbie's heart leapt at the mention of Jafari:

"I wish to introduce one or two of my younger people into the performance if you are agreeable - not to fuck you of course - but just to let you take them where you will. Just brief them on your requirements before the show."

Debbie tremored through her midriff at the thought of another public outing - her libido was already overstimulated from her time with Nadira at the Lodge and the prospect of Jafari was just too much. It was typical and so sweet of Rashi to give Jafari back to her in these circumstances and to offer her control over the other performers - her mind was racing with the erotic possibilities.

The Prince continued:

"You will be the respectable but coyly suggestive businesswoman in the morning and, after dinner, you will be the seductive siren who performs for them. A formidable combination of roles in your capable hands I believe my love."

*********

Debbie did not sleep well. She was to re-visit her old business life but in her new guise as a temptress. That was a contradiction she found to be extremely stimulating. How could she achieve a suitable balance between the two roles? She didn't want to be too subtle but she didn't want to be a slut either. She was also concerned about the later performance in front of the Italians - she should allow enough time to prepare - but, above all, she was desperate to fuck Jafari again - the Prince had "briefed him regarding content" - what did that mean?

She showered and selected her "working" outfit from the copious wardrobe in the Summer Palace. It contained every possible garment she could think of - two, three or four times over.

From her old lover Phil, she knew what men liked in a business woman. As a mature woman you needed to strike the right balance. Too tarty and the message was "dumb & easy" or too dowdy and the message was "frigid and lazy". She would be free to push the limits further in the Palace. She was not the lead - she would be introduced as the Prince's PA. - so she aimed to appear smart but not "respectable".

First - no bra and panties - attending to business in this state was just so ...

Second - black lace suspender belt with prominent clips and cream nude sheer stockings - no seam but a broad flowered fancy top to tease.

Third - white silk blouse with collar. Two buttons undone for cleavage and a brief glimpse when bending to serve coffee or pass documents. Not transparent, but thin enough to show shadows of large dark areola, nipple profile and that giveaway quiver of free breasts.

Fourth - pencil thin black skirt - very very tight - just above the knee - showing every curve and those suspender clips in profile. No pantie line and back slit to reveal fancy tops. Ample thigh when sitting and those tops peeking out under her hem.

Fourth - high shiny black business heels for powerhouse thighs straining under that tight skirt.

Fifth - blond hair bunched and clipped at the back with a nice amber slide. Bare neck - vulnerable.

Standard make up but a little heavier and fuller on the maroon lippy.

Nice ear-rings and a fine silver necklace dropping invitingly to her cleavage.

More Perfume - much more.

*********

Walking to the appointment she found that the very tight skirt and heels allowed her to be a little provocative and she began to accentuate the sway of her tight bound arse as she sashayed down the corridor. If the Partners in the City could see her now!!

She attended the large conference room at 10.00AM as instructed. She knocked, waited and heard a familiar voice drawl out:

"Come!"

As she entered, she was extremely surprised to see Uncle Duncan who rose to greet her:

"Deborah, welcome.

First of all can I introduce Jovi."

... a very elegant young Italian stood to shake her hand

"and Yves."

... a tall exotically handsome and tanned man took her hand and kissed it as he looked directly at Debbie in a way that she recognised from the old days. She termed it in the City "Interested" - yes Yves was definitely "Interested" and in another life back home she would have been "Interested" as well... and Jovi was also pretty hot. Good looking Italian men - wonderful - this was going to be fun.

Duncan continued:

"Deborah is the very lovely PA of Prince Rashid. She will be escorting us during your visit. If you have any questions or require any services, please consult her. Deborah is here to satisfy any need you may have during your stay. She is also responsible for the unique entertainment the Prince is offering to you this evening. I am sworn to secrecy but I can assure you it will be a night to remember!

Duncan had a twinkle in his eye:

" I am very much looking forward to it. I have heard such great things of you Deborah."

Debbie flushed a little, smiled modestly and dropped her eyes.

Oh My God - Uncle Duncan would be there to witness her in action. This was a new experience for her - Yves and Jovi and now Uncle Duncan. She tremored deliciously in anticipation and could not believe this revelation had made her cum in front of the Italians.

She sat down, quickly settling herself to go over the formalities.

The door opened and the Prince, resplendent in a smart business suit walked in with his entourage and the serious stuff began.

After the introductions the first slide of the presentation outlined the programme for the day and the Prince called up Debbie to stand at the screen and outline the day's events. She could see as she looked around the table that all the males were mentally undressing her. As she shifted her weight from heel to heel and turned to gesture at the screen, she could feel her tits quivering and she knew her fancy tops were on show. They were getting an eyeful and she was getting hotter again. After a very professional briefing the Prince thanked her with a wicked smile and she moved back to her seat at the table.

As the presentation continued, she began to feel the wetness around her crotch and, with horror, she sensed that, without panties, the pencil skirt was becoming damp with her cunt juices. She begged to be excused at the next break and the Italians locked on to her tight clad bum as she walked to the door and smiled to each-other.

Naughty Uncle Duncan filled the gap in the conversation:

"Such a lovely woman our Deborah - the most obliging person - she will do anything for you - don't you agree?"

*********

As the day ground on Duncan was bored.

His job was done. He'd found the Italians and got them over here. The rest was down to the Prince.

He could not take his eyes from Deborah.

God - what a woman!!

The first memory he had of her was at his brother's house during a week-end visit. She would be at Oxford - about 22 years old. He knew there had been an earlier scandal at Cheltenham College and, over late-night drinks after the women had gone to bed, his brother indiscreetly revealed that her Mother, a Doctor, had got her on to the pill to avoid any unpleasant surprises.

She volunteered to wash his car for some pocket money on Sunday morning - God - what a performance that was. Crop top with no bra - bare midriff - hipster jeans cut off at the top of the thighs revealing bum cheeks and denim tight around her arse and pushing apart her fanny lips as she bent over. Overlarge girly ripe tits touching his metalwork as she stretched with the sponge - long blond hair to her waist. Becoming soaked with suds and revealing the cock wetting outline of her nipples.

Her Mother stopped the show as he remembered and got her inside quick, giving him her usual censorious glare as she went.

He recalled about the same time a party at Fathers. She came with that god awful boring fella she later married. What a vision - short tight black mini dress - tits, arse, and thighs everywhere - hair cascading down in total freedom - beautiful flawless bare legs in gorgeous heels - you get the picture.

As a long-time connoisseur of the fair sex, he always maintained that you could tell the nature of a woman if you caught her early before the onset of husband, career, domesticity, responsibility, children, health problems and the general troubles of life ground her down and subsumed the sensual and the erotic.

Deborah predictably took this path - by her mid-twenties the joy had gone. Career, home and family were all to her. At family re-unions she now covered up - very classily no doubt but no more flesh for poor old Uncle Duncan to feast on.

... and now look at her!!

He knew it was still there underneath - what did the yanks call it - "The Inner Slut". It just needed to be re-awakened when the time was right.

When Johnny first told him about the porn, he didn't believe it but when Johnny got it up on his giant television screen, Duncan knew it was her despite the heavy make-up. The posing and pouting were all there, just as he remembered it from the old days. He could now understand how she might have got away with it. With her hair styled or bunched up ready for glorious action and all that lip-stick and eye-shadow she looked nothing like her normal self. He assumed she had no idea how in the Internet age this porn stuff would be available at a click of a keypad - poor dear.

Yes - bloody Johnny - yet another of her lovers who she picked up and promptly dumped when she got bored! That was her big mistake - pissing him off - she didn't know he was a friend of Rashid. Once the Prince saw her in action that was it - there was only one outcome.

Seeing her perform in the Palace during the Obeisance, he could never imagine fucking her - even now it would be impossible. He just loved to watch her enjoy herself. Even though she was always a little hesitant to go further, the "Inner Slut" he first witnessed that Sunday at his Brother's house would always win out.

Duncan was shaken out of his reverie as lunch was announced.

He moved up to Debbie on the walk to the atrium and the buffet.

"A fine presentation my dear - if only I were younger - what a time we would have".

Debbie shot him a look just like her Mother, and was gone.

*********

The work was done. Time for Debbie to shower and rest. She was to attend cocktails but she would skip dinner. A much longer preparation would be required for the entertainment than first anticipated and she preferred to perform on an empty stomach.

*********

Duncan was just easing into his second whisky and ginger when Deborah appeared - she didn't disappoint.

Yes, she'd got it right again. It wasn't all on show but there was more than enough to admire.

No underwear of course - that was a given with his niece.

Her favourite sheer, clinging to her body from ankles to breasts. This time, a lovely shade of apricot.

String shoulder straps to deep cleavage across her breasts just obscuring nipples. Breasts straining but held by the sheer. Bare arms and shoulders - honey cream and glowing.

Small embroidered leaf decoration hiding nipples and fanny and covering her bum cheeks - lovely embroidered flowers pointing down to guide the eye to her cunt lips nicely shadowed from behind.

Strap heels and a gold choker to finish. Dainty clasp bag.

Long hair - natural - cascading on to her shoulders.

Duncan escorted her to Yves. Jovi was yet to appear.

Yves looked her up and down:

"Madam, so beautiful and not afraid to show it I see."

Debbie smiled and dropped her eyes.

"What a magnificent creature - such charms on display Mr Duncan - how do you cope?"

Duncan laughed:

"It's not easy..."

Yves continued:

"My dear Miss Deborah, I just wanted to take the opportunity before our host arrives, to tell you of my deepest admiration and respect for you. I know Mr Duncan will not mind if I say that, should you wish to visit Italy, I would be delighted to receive you at my villa on Capri. You would love to swim in the sea and we could explore the beautiful Amalfi coast in my yacht - the "Lady Romana" which I will re-name the "Lady Deborah" in your honour."

Debbie smiled demurely and, in full business mode, deflected his compliments - over the years she had developed the art of flirting with men to get what she wanted without upset. She had learnt to keep them on the hook, believing there was a chance, while managing to avoid a downright rejection of their advances which would achieve nothing. She would even tolerate a little touching with the right man but she was instinctively able to control a man's ardour without causing offence.

Having seen Debbie deftly let Yves down Uncle Duncan drifted off to circulate.

However, Yves would not let go and his Italian macho demanded that he continue to probe with a charming smile across his face:

"I am always frank with women my beautiful one; I find it gets to the heart of the matter very quickly.

I would love to fuck you if you would allow it and, yes, I might tell Prince Rashid that you are the price to be paid for my participation."

Debbie was shocked - this was beyond her experience - she knew where this was going - a road she did not wish to travel. The irony, if Yves did but know it, was that Debbie was keen, but only if she was in control. The trembling of her breasts under the sheer and her discomfiture seemed to add fuel to the fire burning within him:

"When I saw you today, I wanted to possess you - I wanted to kiss you all over your body - to see you naked under me - and now ..."

A voice came from behind Debbie as she stood open mouthed in awful fascination.

"Please, Please Mr Yves - stop this - I insist!!"

The Prince stepped in front of Debbie.

"I cannot and will not accept this - if your disgusting comments are not withdrawn now before dinner and the entertainment, then I will organise my people and you can leave. I also insist you apologise to my beautiful Deborah."

Jovi, who had accompanied the Prince, quickly took Yves aside for some quiet words.

Duncan returned as the Prince was comforting a trembling Debbie:

"Thank-you my Prince - I could not imagine being traded like a whore - it would be hateful."

The Prince was very angry:

"My dear it is inconceivable that I would offer you for that sacrifice - please relax and be assured. What an outrage!"

Jovi bought Yves back to the group:

Yves hesitantly addressed Debbie and the Prince:

"My dear lady, and you Prince Rashid - I sincerely - no - I deeply and sincerely apologise for my overheated language. I completely misunderstood the situation of Miss Deborah. Of course, our agreement will be set in standard terms. There will be no other conditions - please accept again my contrition. I must blame the jet lag and the alcohol - I am so sorry."

The Prince took control again.

"Very good we will go to dinner and Deborah will leave us to be prepared."

Yves approached Debbie as she was leaving and, with his heat now cooling, was desperate to apologise again to her:

"I am devastated and ashamed of myself - you are so lovely and I am just a passionate man who loves women - please can you ever forgive my rudeness?"

Debbie was magnanimous and, after all, he was extremely hot. She spoke quietly to him:

"I hate to be the cause of bad feeling and, unfortunately for both of us, I never mix business with pleasure but I do hope you enjoy our entertainment tonight and may I offer you a kiss of forgiveness before I leave?"

Yves smiled appreciatively. He was relieved that no offence had been taken and he deftly dropped a business card into the pouch of Debbie's clutch bag.

Debbie reached for him and lent into his cheek. He could feel her soft breasts on his chest and could only dream. She whispered seductively in his ear:

"I do hope we can meet again - in more intimate circumstances - perhaps in Italy when the deal is done?"

She gave him a knowing smile and withdrew.

Yves could only stare after her in bemused and delightful infatuation - this was some woman!

Before Debbie retired the Prince embraced her, whispering in her ear.

"Clever, clever Deborah. He won't back out now!"

*********

As Debbie was taken to the dressing room to be made ready with the other performers, she felt that self-revealing warmth in her tummy. Her arousal was already elevated knowing that she would be fucking Jafari again, but now, with the very very hot Yves eyeing her body in a desperate passion of frustrated desire, her libido was soaring. She would not hold back.

*********

As Duncan settled down in his armchair with brandy and cigars following a superb dinner, he contemplated the preparations for the show which were taking place in front of him. He had been waiting for this moment for thirty years - what a treat!

The four men were sitting on soft leather armchairs on the open veranda above the steps that led down to the lawn of the Prince's fabulous garden. The lawn formed a natural and intimate stage surrounded by the lush green tropical foliage so common in the East. A multi-level platform had been erected on the lawn just in front of the veranda and this was covered with soft green carpeting to represent grass. There were several palms dotted around to simulate the jungle.

Last minute lighting checks were being carried out and Duncan was satisfied that they would all get a very clear, uninterrupted, view of the action. The Prince had thoughtfully provided them all with opera glasses for the intimate moments.

Duncan could see video cameras on the house and in the trees, all pointing to the action and being remotely directed. He wondered if Deborah was aware? Probably best if she wasn't!

Here we go:

The lights went down, a strange melody of Indian sitar music came from a small orchestra on a balcony above.

Suddenly spotlights picked up two Tigers moving carefully to one side of the platform - oh mercy - they were young women gorgeously painted all over and wearing tiger head dresses - stark naked with small neat tits, crawling up to the top of the platform showing their pink little cunts and arses.

Then a second spotlight on the other side - two more Tigers - young men this time - with brown erections crawling up towards the young Tigresses who half-heartedly pawed them away but finally gave way to embraces and couplings. All played together in a delightful tableau. Tiger fucked Tigress. Tigress blew off Tiger. Tiger even blew off Tiger and Tigress and Tigress made out very athletically.

This was very very high quality!

Duncan had seen many "shows" in his time but nothing like this!

Then the music stopped and a Great Tiger suddenly appeared out of nowhere at the top of the platform. He was carrying a giant brown erection and was powerfully built, well over 2 metres tall and gorgeously covered in tiger paint and a brilliantly plumed head dress. He stood bolt upright and waved his mighty arm and the little Tigers and Tigresses separated and each ran to their own sides of the platform.

Duncan looked through his opera glasses - yes it was a real penis and it was that long and that broad!! He had an awful suspicion where that might be going and his spine tingled.

The Giant beckoned behind him and the sitars began again. A gorgeously painted voluptuous Tigress appeared from nowhere to take his hand and begin the climb down to a lower section of the platform directly in front of them.

Oh my ... here was Deborah in all her naked magnificence, a sight he would remember to his dying day. Duncan felt he could almost touch her and quickly glanced across at the Prince and the Italians who were concentrating intently.

They all held their breath as the Giant Tiger gestured to the voluptuous Tigress to lay on the lower platform. He withdrew and lay a level above her while the young Tigers looked on in awe. She languidly began to caress her body gently undulating her arse and cunt, running her hands ever nearer to her crotch.

Oh Jiminy - she was slowly bringing herself off.

As she came for the third time she cried out and convulsed several times before collapsing back seemingly exhausted.

With a wave of the Giant Tigers paw she started up and set herself on hands and knees. Another lifted paw beckoned the young Tigers and Tigresses over and she suckled them before allowing them, both male and female, to inquisitively finger and kiss her cunt and lay with her. The young male pricks were not allowed to enter her vagina or mouth but she offered them her hand to relieve them and calm them. She presented her painted breasts to their mouths when they came and she massaged their frothy cum on to their bodies.

Another wave from the Giant and the young ones retreated again.

This was IT.

The Giant Tiger came down and the Tigress opened her legs. He dropped down athletically plunging his face into her cunt. She threw her head back and cried out as he dived into her, his strong tongue probing deeper and deeper and she spasmed violently as a powerful orgasm shot through her.

He withdrew and, standing over her, offered the Tigress his own erection. She took it voraciously but, in deep throat, she could only take half of his length into her mouth.

God - she was so proficient. Licking, sucking, cradling, manipulating it was all there - she even put her fingers up his arse to massage his prostate when he came - what a woman!

Spume flew all over the Tigress and she scooped some in her hands and lubricated her crotch before offering her arse to the giant.

She was convulsing - they could all see she was coming under their gaze as the pink shaven lips of her cunt opened and closed throbbing to her beat. Yes - she began to squirt a little and Duncan heard the Prince exhale in appreciation.

Now the giant member, newly erect again in its potency, began to slowly burrow into her - a little - yes - that's good - let her settle - a little more - the cycle continued for some time until, unbelievably, he was in - root and all!!

Now the little Tigers were allowed to move to the Tigress and learn from the Giant's performance. They soothed and stroked her body while caressing and sucking on her painted breasts while she continued to gently massage his shaft with her cunt without losing the deep penetration.

To bring her off, he partially withdrew having satisfied himself that he could fully possess her. Now began a relentless reciprocation which built and built until they were all out of their chairs in excitement. Moaning and crying she suddenly tensed and shook and let out a wild scream like nothing on earth and he joined her with an ear-splitting roar as fresh juice from his prick jetted into her, oozing froth from her cunt as they both continued to orgasm to a tumultuous crescendo beyond Duncan's imagining.

After a short while they were able to calm and he withdrew his prick and - yes - there it was - a copious quantity of creamy cum flowing from her cunt in time with the pulsation of her vulva lips - a visible affirmation of their spectacular union.

The Tiger Giant lifted the Tigress gently with his strong arms and they stood together holding hands with legs astride facing the audience. They both opened their mouths and set their heads skywards and together gave a mighty primeval ear-splitting roar of defiance and power. Yes - they truly were the King and the Queen of the Jungle!

Just fantastic.

All four of them were standing in stupefied wonder not knowing whether to applaud or just continue to stare, open mouthed, at the two magnificent creatures standing before them.

The lights went down and after a few seconds the lights went up again on an empty platform.

It was all over. There was no curtain call.

To Duncan's amazement two hours had passed and his Deborah had disappeared. The long anticipated climactic moment was over.

He had an aching need to see her - to share the joy in her spectacular consummation - to tell her of his wonder at her performance - to hear how it felt for her - but she was gone. He would not see her again and it made him very sad.

*********
