Hope's Initiation
     by DireWolf (c) 2004

PART 1

     At 5'4 and 112 pounds, Hope was a petite, dirty blonde sex
kitten. She had many boyfriends in her time but none were very
satisfying sexually for her. She heard rumors about a secret sorority
that specialized in satisfying its members sexually and she applied
the minute she found out who was in it.

     The application was filled with very personal and kinky
questions about Hope's personal sex life and preferences. The
young woman who had given the form to her examined her shapely
curves with no reservations. Hope took notice of the girl's interest
but said nothing and tried to complete the application quickly.

     The girl was a sorority member herself and had fucked her
way high in the ranks. Her name was Amy, and she was also a
petite girl of about 5'5 and 109 pounds. Her hair was brown and
almost blonde at the tips.

     Hope finished the application and handed it back to Amy
reviewed it quickly. 

     "It says here you like big black cocks and anal?" She asked.
"And your answer to the secret fantasies question looks
interesting."

     "Yes, I had a black boyfriend once, it was great." Hope
replied as she smiled coyly. She was embarrassed by the secret
fantasies question but had no real reason to be. It was just a silly
fantasy.

     "Well, looks like you have what we're looking for. We'll get
started with the initiation right away." Amy smiled and left the
room.

     Hope couldn't wait. She felt her juices stir and crossed her
legs. Her thighs squeezed the folds of her pussy together and her
juices dripped out, soaking into her knickers. She wondered what the
initiation involved and hoped a big black cock would be part of it. 

     Amy returned after a few minutes with another girl. "This is
Beth, my assistant. She's going to help with the initiation."

     Beth was as beautiful as Amy, with long flowing blonde
hair, large firm breasts that poked through her tight shirt and flaring
hips that naturally left a gap between her trim legs.

     Hope smiled at the two girls and looked them both over.
She hoped to see them both naked in the near future.

     Beth approached her and held out her hand, motioning for
Hope to stand up. She complied and stood up, her face filled with
excitement. Her clit ached to be rubbed so badly she thought she
was going to go insane.

     Beth held up a thick black scarf and held it up in front of
Hope. It was a blindfold, and Beth gave the girl one last chance to
turn back. Hope nodded and Beth wrapped the blindfold around her
head, covering her eyes with no gaps to peek out of.

     Hope quivered with anticipation. She felt hands from the
two girls roaming her body, drifting under her shirt and centering at
the button of her jeans. Her shirt was pulled up over her head and
removed without disturbing the blindfold. She rarely wore a bra and
her nipples hardened as the cool air rushed over them. Someone
unbuttoned her jeans and they fell to her ankles, the wet spot
between her legs had grown and was quite obvious.

     Hope stepped out of her jeans and was now standing in
front of the two hot girls with nothing but her soaked knickers. Beth
cupped the mound between her legs, feeling the hot wetness of
Hope's anticipation. 

     "And one last piece." She said as she slid her fingers inside
the elastic band that held them up and slowly peeled them off. Hope
was shaking. She had been with a girl before but never blindfolded
and never with such mystery about what was going to happen.

     As her knickers fell to her ankles and she stepped out of
them, Hope was led into the next room. She could hear other
voices in the background but could not make them out. She knew
there was men around, and perhaps more women. The thought of
being naked in front of so many people turned her on even more.

     "Here we are, Hope." Beth said. "There is a bench in front
of you, kneel down and lay on it please."

     Hope carefully knelt down and searched for the bench with
her hands. She found it and leaned forward, sliding onto the
wooden surface on her stomach until she was in position.

     Beth picked up a dildo from a cart beside the bench. It was
connected to a machine on the lower shelf of the cart with a thick
hose from the base of the shaft. The dildo was not an ordinary
dildo, it was a replica of a huge dog cock.

     Beth held the toy up and signaled to Amy. 

     "The first of our Flaremaster Deluxe collection is the Pro D
Dildo which is 12 inches long and 2 inches thick." Amy described
the toy to the other sorority members who watched. Hope was still
unaware of what was going on, but the specifications of the toy
made her smile. 

     Amy pushed a button on the cart and the knot at the base of
the shaft slowly expanded. "It's about 9 inches from the tip to the
knot. The knot is about 3 inches long and expands to ... well, you
can see for yourself." Amy described the dildo in detail, omitting
the fact that the knot expanded to 4 inches thick.

     Hope was a little confused about what Amy was describing,
what was a knot? She was excited to find out. Amy pushed another
button and the knot deflated.

     "Our friend Hope is going to demonstrate the use of the
Flaremaster package for us." Beth stated. Hope was getting the
impression the girls were trying to sell something.

     "Ok Hope, spread your cheeks and start fingering your
asshole." Beth commanded. "Use both hands, we want to see that
tight little asshole of yours."

     Hope fingered her asshole until she had 2 fingers from each
hand driving in and out. 

     "Open it up! Pull your asshole open!" Amy ordered again.
Hope stretched her little asshole open for all to see while Beth held
the dildo above the crack of her ass. 

     Amy started up the lubrication pump with the push of a
button. A thick white lubrication fluid sped through one of the
hoses connected to the dog dildo and oozed out the tip, dripping
into Hope's open asshole. Some of the fluid flowed inside her, but
most of it ran down across her large butterfly pussy lips and then
dripped onto the floor. The feeling of the warm liquid turned her
on. Hope was going crazy and desperately wanted to feel the dildo
inside her.

     Beth pulled Hope's fingers from her ass and moved the dildo
down to her pussy and pushed the tip of the shaft into her. Hope
moaned and groaned as Beth pushed more and more of the long toy
into her hole. It was bigger than she thought, and she felt more full
than she ever had. 

     Beth worked the dildo for several minutes, pushing it hard
and deep into Hope's slick pussy until she had about 10 inches
buried inside. 

     "Looks like we hit bottom." Beth stated. "Let's open that
tight little cervix of yours."

     "No wait! Stop! It's too big!" Hope knew the toy was too
big to penetrate her cervix. 

     Beth leaned in toward Hope, "Quiet, You can take it." she
said in a soft voice.

     She twisted the dildo and pushed some more. The
abundance of lubricant made things easier. After only a few more
minutes, the dog dildo sank all 12 inches into Hope's wet pussy.

     Hope squirmed slightly as she gasped for air. "It's... It's so
big." she cried. Beth nudged the end of the dildo and Hope's pussy
lips swallowed the entire thing, leaving only two hoses hanging out. 

     Beth slid three fingers and her thumb into Hope's pussy and
clutched the end of the dildo. She pulled it back out slowly, an inch
at a time to let everyone get an idea of how long it was. Hope
moaned softly as the long shaft slid back out through her cervix.

     The dildo popped out of her soaked cunt with a slurping
noise and Beth held it up again. "Now for your ass. Stretch your
asshole open again, Hope." Beth ordered.

     Hope complied and reached back with two fingers from
each hand, pulling her tight ass open as she did before. Beth aimed
the head of the dog dildo and slid it in between Hope's fingers.
Once the head was in, Hope let go and her ass hugged the girth of
the toy snugly.

     Beth pushed and pulled the toy, working it deeper and
deeper into Hope's bowels. Within a few minutes, there was only
two inches of the length remaining. Hope's petite body capable of
taking huge toys with little effort. Only a few females are gifted
with such pliable oraphices.

     Beth looked at Amy who knew what to do. She pushed two
buttons on the control panel on the cart and the knot of the dildo
started to expand slowly. Hope groaned and then started to gasp.
Her eyes widened and she wiggled her ass, as if trying to get away
from the toy. The knot expanded inside her ass, reaching 3 inches
thick. Beth let go of the toy and the knot held it in place.

     Hope groaned and squirmed but she was not able to stop
the expanding knot. Soon it reached the 3.5 inches wide. Her
asshole looked like it was going to burst with the enormous knot
stretching her anal ring.

     "It's too big!" Hope cried. Her pleas fell on deaf ears. Beth
reached down and nudged the dildo. The dildo slowly slipped
further inside and her asshole closed around it.

     "As you can see, the Flaremaster system allows you to
control the expansion of the knot on the Pro D dildo." Amy
explained to the onlookers as she pointed at Hope's bulging ass.

     Amy returned to the controls and pushed a button that
opened the valve in the knot, releasing the lubricant into Hope's ass.
The knot shrank quickly at first, then slowed as the pressure
reduced. Hope's ass filled up with lubricant as beth disconnected the
hoses from the pumps. She sighed with relief as the huge knot
shrank to about half of its full size.

     "You may stand up now Hope." Amy said.

     Hope slid back off the bench to her knees, then slowly stood
up. Her ass was sore and completely stuffed with a huge dildo, but
she still managed take some pleasure in it.

     Beth removed Hope's blindfold and let her turn around to
see who was watching. Beth gasped at what she saw. The people
were not just people, they were an entire video crew filming the
entire event. There were two cameras set up and about a dozen
men and a few women. 

     The camera panned over to a large piece of furniture. It was
a chair that resembled a gynecologist's chair with a bucket seat. As
Hope approached the camera moved its focus from the chair to her
curvy naked body as she walked. It then panned down to the fat
dog dildo sticking out of her ass slightly.

     Two adjustable stirrups extended from the front and off to
both sides. The back portion was slightly reclined and the seat of
the chair was split about 6 inches apart.

     Beth handed the blindfold back to Hope to put on and then
strapped her into the chair. "No peeking. We want you enjoy our
next surprise." Hope tightened the blindfold and wondered what
was going happen next. Beth then put a set of headphones on Hope
so she wouldn't hear. 

     "Next, Hope will demonstrate the use of the Pro H dildo."
Beth said to the camera as Amy brought over a huge dildo with
large veins winding down its length. She mounted it to an
adjustable arm under the seat and aimed it at Hope's wet pussy.

     "This is the Flaremaster Pro H dildo. It is 18 inches long.
The cockhead is blunt and 2 inches thick, but as you travel down
the shaft, it expands to about 4 inches near the base." Amy
described the dildo to the camera as the audience stared in awe of
it.

     Amy pushed a button on the control panel for the dildo and
the head started to expand. "On this dildo, the cockhead expands to
over 4.5 inches across." Amy reached down and wrapped her hands
around the head as it grew. Her hands spread apart as the head
continued to grow, reaching its full size within few seconds. "Looks
like a large mushroom, doesn't it."

     Amy pushed another button on the panel and the head
started to shrink again. "Before we begin, we have to make sure
Hope will be fully prepared for the demonstration." Amy said as a
man stepped forward from behind the cameras. He was dressed in a
doctor's outfit. The doctor carried a large syringe with a long
needle, and a speculum. Amy and Beth tilted Hope back in the
chair.

     Hope's legs were strapped into the stirrups on the chair with
her legs spread open. The Doctor inserted the speculum carefully
and cranked it open, prying Hope's tight pussy apart. He pulled a
light on an adjustable arm, like that of a dentist, toward Hope's
gaping hole and shined it in so he could see better. Hope's cervix
was clearly visible and glistened with her juices. It moved slightly
with each breath she took.

     "Our in-house doctor is preparing Hope with a muscle
relaxant." Amy said as the doctor carefully inserted the syringe
through the speculum and pierced her cervix. Hope gasped and
jumped a little but then felt a warm glow centered deep in her
pussy. She was still blindfolded and couldn't hear for music playing
in the headphones.

     "The muscle relaxant will loosen her up and make her cervix
more pliable. The relaxant wears off after 15 to 20 minutes,
however, if she is still stretched when the relaxant wears off, the
muscles will stay that way, slowly shrinking back to normal after
several months." The doctor explained the function of the relaxant
as he injected Hope's cervix.

     With Hope already strapped in the chair and ready to go,
Amy made sure everything was lined up, removed the speculum and
took off the headphones. 

     "Are you ready to get started, Hope?" Amy asked. Beth
connected the hoses from the dog cock still buried in Hope's ass to
extra ports on the pumps that the horse cock was also connected
to.

     Hope answered with a weak, almost fearful tone, "OK..
What did you do to my pussy? It feels all warm and tingly."

     "Just a little enhancement for your pleasure", Amy
answered. With that, Amy turned on the machine and the dildo
started sliding into Hope's pussy, making small strokes in and out.

     After a few minutes, the dildo had slowly increased the
length of its strokes until about 7 inches of the huge horse dildo
was sliding in and out of her.

     "MMMMmmmmm. My god this thing is huge!" exclaimed
Hope as her breathing increased. After several more minutes, the
dildo buried 8, 9 and finally 10 inches. The girth at this depth was
nearly 3 inches wide. 

     Hope was gasping for air, trying to speak between breaths,
"Ohhhh! I can't... take... much more... I'm stuffed."

     Amy smiled, "I think you can take some more, you took the
other dildo all the way." Amy turned a dial on the machine and
another inch of rubber cock sank into Hope's stretched pussy.

     "Oh my GOD! It's... hitting my cervix!" Hope was panting
heavily as the dildo ploughed into her cervix.

     Amy pushed some buttons on the control panel and the
machine stopped its pumping action for a moment, then slowly
started penetrating deeper into the petite girl.

     The fat cockhead pressed into her cervix and spread it open.
Hope could feel her cervix stretch wide and slide over top of the
cockhead. She gasped and started to scream as an orgasm erupted
inside her, shocking her system and making her twitch and convulse
with pleasure.

     As the dildo slid deeper, Hope's cervix slid down the shaft,
hugging the thick rubber veins that protruded from it. By now,
Hope had taken 13 inches in length and the girth was nearly 3.5
inches wide at her pussy entrance. Hope was in ecstasy as the thick
tool stretched her cervix and pussy lips simultaneously, something
she had never felt before.

     Amy waited a moment, then turned the machine back to its
previous setting. The dildo started pumping into Hope once again
as her juices oozed out from her tightly stretched lips and dripped
onto the floor below.

     "Hope, would you like to see what's going on?" Amy said. 

     "Yes, please! It feels so good." Hope panted her response.

     Amy and Beth unstrapped Hope's legs and lifted them up
and back towards her chest, then strapped them off to both sides.
"This might be a little uncomfortable," Amy said as she adjusted the
headrest forward "but you will get to see a lot more." Hope was
curled up in a ball and her head was positioned to look directly
down at her stuffed pussy. Beth removed the blindfold.

     "Oh my god!... It's... HUGE... Oh Fuck! It's going to rip me
apart!" Hope was frightened by the size of the horse dildo stuffed in
her cunt. She felt more stretched and full than ever, but had no idea
of it's true size until her blindfold was removed.

     "Hope, there's nothing to worry about. You've already taken
so much of the horse dildo. You can take more, just relax." Amy
spoke to Hope in a soft voice, attempting to calm her down.

     "Are you sure?" Hope asked. Her sexual desires were taking
over.

     "Yes. Now tell me to fuck you with it." Amy ordered.

     Hope paused for a moment, staring in awe of he massive toy
stuffed in her wet pussy. "Fuck me." She said.

     "What's that?" Amy asked.

     "FUCK ME with the big horse cock!" Hope blurted out.

     The camera crew zoomed in for various closeups of the
action as the dildo continued penetrating slightly deeper with every
stroke it made. Eventually the entire 18 inch shaft was fucking into
little Hope. Once it reached its maximum depth, the dildo started
automatically increasing the length of its strokes. At first, only 5 or
6 inches was being pulled out, but this quickly grew to full 12 inch
strokes and the speed increased to compensate, fucking into her the
same number of times it was before. Amy adjusted the flare control
to slowly inflate.

     Hope could hardly breath as the massive toy fucked her
loose pussy for more than 10 minutes. Her pussy and womb became
one large butter churn as a thick frothy liquid collected on her pussy
lips. The flared cockhead, which was 3 inches across by now,
pushed and pulled through Hope's cervix, stretching it larger with
each stroke. The muscle relaxant was just beginning to wear off.

     As the big dildo slammed into Hope, Amy took Hope's hand
in hers and spoke, "Hope, I want you to look forward into the
camera and give a little speech. I want you to tell the camera how
much you love big cocks. Tell the camera your secret fantasy."
Amy explained what she wanted Hope to say.

     "I... I can't." Hope panted between breaths.

     "Yes you can. You made it this far." Amy replied.

     "I...am..Hope Patterson..." Hope grunted as the dildo
continued to fuck her hard. "I love big cocks..." The pounding dildo
made it difficult for her to speak each time it slammed into her
womb.

     "I love it.... Uhhhh!... when they fuck me..." Hope started to
drift out of reality as she was fucked into orgasm after orgasm by
the powerful, relentless machine.

     "What else do you like, Hope? Tell us your secret." Beth
asked.

     "I want....to try...big doggie dicks... and UHHHhh!... huge
horsie dicks... I want them to ....fuuuuckk me! Oh my god!" Hope
cried out.

     "Is that all?" Amy asked, "What do you want, right now?"

     "Ohhhh!.... I want the big cocks... to cum... inside me!"

     "Ok Hope, you will get what you asked for." Amy said as
she turned off the machine. The cock pumped a few more times as
the engine powered down, then stopped at full stroke with 18
inches of hard rubber buried in Hope's wet pussy.

     Beth took her signal and engaged the pumps on the
machine. The knob on the dog dildo began to swell to the size of a
grapefruit while the head of the horse cock bloomed to its full size
inside Hope's uterus.

     The camera zoomed in on Hope's ass as the knot expanded
inside. The dildo in her pussy shifted upward as the pressure built.
Hope groaned loudly and soon the shape of the huge horse
cockhead in her stomach was visible. 

     The camera then panned over to the machine and focused
on the pumps. On top were two large jars, about one gallon each.
They were labeled 'Dog Semen' and the other, 'Horse Semen'.

     "This is our specially collected lubrication. You can
purchase it as a bonus add-on to the Flaremaster Deluxe package.
The pumps heat the fresh semen to over 100 degrees, simulating
real life horse and dog ejaculations.

     The fluid level in the jars began to drop and a rush of liquid
flowed down the hoses into the two dildos.

     "OOhhh my GOD!" Hope cried out as the two cocks began
spurting hot cum inside her. "I can feel them cumming! CUM?!?"

     "Yes, fresh, hot cum, just what you asked for. Doggie cum
in your ass and horsie cum in your pussy." Amy smiled, enjoying
the show thoroughly.

     Hope's body twitched and her vaginal muscles clamped
down on the hard rubber dildo as she exploded in orgasm. Her
abdomen started to distend outward as the hot horse cum filled her
completely. The tanks were half empty and still draining.

     The knot of the dog's cock sealed Hope's ass off and the hot
sticky cum flooded her bowels. The flared horse cock sealed off
Hope's womb, inflating her with cum like a water balloon. 

     As a a gallon of horse cum filled her pussy, Hope sat in the
chair and watched her belly extend as if she were pregnant. She
quivered in orgasm and her head flopped back into the chair.

     The two girls let Hope enjoy her orgasm for a while and
disconnected the hoses from the machine and unbuckled her straps.
Amy placed a large funnel and carboy under Hope, and Beth
released a valve on the horse dildo, then pulled it out quickly.

     Hope moaned as her stomach flattened out and hot horse
cum gushed from her gaping pussy in torrents into the funnel. They
waited about a minute for the last thick streams of cum to drain into
the funnel as the camera zoomed in for a good look.

     Amy then released the valve on the dog dildo and Beth
pulled it out quickly. Hope moaned loudly again as her bowels were
relieved from the pressure. Dog cum squirted out of her ass in a
large stream into the funnel, mixing with the lighter colored horse
cum. 

     The camera zoomed in for a better shot of Hope's pussy and
ass. Her pussy was stretched open and her cervix was gaping over 2
to 3 inches wide. It definately wasn't going shrink down for some
time.

     "What do you love Hope?" Amy asked.

     "I love big cocks cumming inside me... I love cum." Hope
replied.

     Beth filled a pint glass full of cum and handed it to Hope.

     "Look into the Camera, drink this, and you can be in the
sorority." Amy said.

     Hope grabbed the glass and sat up with a glazed look in her
eyes. She chugged the mixture down, eagerly drinking the hot fluid.
She tried to go too fast and spilled some onto her gorgeous breasts.
Cum continued to ooze from her gaping pussy and ass as the
camera panned out for a full body shot.

     "Your social calendar will be completely booked, Hope, and
I'm sure at least one of the fraternities will definitely want to meet
you right away." Amy explained what would be in store for the
blonde.

     "And that concludes our demonstration of the Flaremaster
Deluxe Package. Please call us for immediate shipping. If you
would like to schedule time with Hope here, send us a detailed
description of activities to be performed to:
knkyashcroft@yahoo.com " Amy and Beth smiled as the cameras
turned off.

THE END? We'll See.