Small kisses were being placed along his jaw and a hand was slowly making its way down his body. He smiled at the attention he was being given. He didn’t mind being woken up this way.

Morning. That meant they would have to go back to sneaking around the ship. Not that they had to be as secretive since his mother knew. He still needed to tell Will that.

Any arousal that Wesley had felt at Will’s morning ministrations vanished.

“Hey.” Will’s breath was warm in his ear. “Don’t do that. We should enjoy this morning while we can.”

“I know. It’s just…this week was so wonderful. We didn’t have to sneak around and we could just relax.”

“I know, baby. I know,” Will replied, resuming his kisses along Wesley’s jaw.

Wesley snorted. “Horny bastard.”

“Mmmm.” Will started making his way down Wesley’s neck. “I haven’t heard any complaints.”

And he wouldn’t hear any complaints. Wesley couldn’t get enough of Will. He sighed as Will continued kissing along his neck. Will was taking his time, making sure he tasted every bit of Wesley’s neck. He couldn’t help the soft whimper that escaped from his lips.

Will slowly tasted his way further down Wesley’s body and he threaded his fingers through Will’s hair, knowing what was coming next. Will always toyed with his nipples, teasing the nubs until they were hard, and if he was in the type of mood he was in now, then he would tease them until they were overly sensitized, until Wesley was positively writhing under him.

He closed his eyes at the first touch of Will’s tongue. There were deliberately slow swirls around the nub, just barely grazing it. Then there were a few teasing swipes before Will’s mouth finally closed over it, his thumb ghosting over the other.

Will took his time, slower than he’d ever gone, like his sole purpose was to see how far he could take Wesley. Wesley could already feel fine tremors running through his body when Will finally pulled away, only to lavish the same attention on his other nipple.

He felt the tremors growing and was sure that, if Will kept it up, he would come just from this. Apparently Will noticed too because he finally licked his way lower, dipping his tongue into Wesley’s navel as he did so.

Instead of heading straight down, Will began placing moist kisses along Wesley’s hip, murmuring into the skin as he went along. “You’re so beautiful, Wesley. I love it when you’re like this. Just for me. Mine.”

Wesley shivered and tightened his grip in Will’s hair at the word ‘mine’. It turned him on like he couldn’t believe.

“Will. Please.” He could hear the desperation in his own voice, but he didn’t care. All of his nerves were on fire, the sensations almost too much.

Will’s face finally moved closer to the goal, his nose nuzzling at his balls, a tongue following closely behind. Will sucked one gently into his mouth and Wesley gasped.

“Will,” he groaned. He was becoming more desperate by the second. Will moved up, licking a stripe up Wesley’s cock.

“Are you going to come for me?”

“Yes. Please.”

Finally, Will’s mouth closed around him, and that was all it took. Will sucked out every last drop of come, but didn’t give Wesley any time to recover before rolling him onto his stomach.

He knew what Will wanted to do next, but he honestly didn’t think he could keep himself up on his knees for long enough, but Will was one step ahead of him, already lifting him up to shove a couple of pillows underneath him.

If he hadn’t just had a mind-blowing orgasm, then he might have had enough sense to ask Will to slow down a bit, but then Will’s tongue was circling around his hole and nothing else mattered anymore.

The sensation was incredibly intense. He wished he could have this all of the time, but didn’t think it was right or fair to ask Will for it too often. Although, he supposed it was too early to consider too often since the first time had only happened that week.

He was still amazed by the amount of sensation he got from this, by how sensitive he seemed to be to it. It didn’t take long before he was hard again, and he began a small rocking motion against the pillow. Not that he really needed it, but he wanted it and since Will wasn’t trying to stop him, he kept it up.

When Will’s tongue slipped inside of him, the sensation was far beyond anything he could comprehend. This was how it had been every time. He made no sounds, the scream that wanted to escape trapped in his throat, the sensations overwhelming him.

He pushed back onto his knees, needing to push back into Will. Even though he could come just like this, and could feel himself getting close, he wanted Will to touch him. Sound still wasn’t an option, so he reached a hand around to grab one of Will’s and brought it around to wrap around his dick.

He had one brief instant to imagine how wonderful it would be if he had a mouth to fuck into while Will was doing this before his world whited out.

When he came to, he was lying on his back again with Will pressed against his side and kissing his face, fingers stroking through his hair. Before Wesley’s brain could properly function again, he found himself opening his mouth to speak.

“If it’s even possible, how realistic do you think it would feel if we created another you on the holodeck so that I could fuck your mouth while your tongue was inside of me.”

Will stopped what he was doing and leaned over Wesley, laughing.

“What?”

“I love the things that come out of your mouth when you’re too tired or too out of it to censor them.”

Wesley just smiled, too loose and mellow to care about anything.

“You know, Wes, we could just find another guy to do that.”

“There’s no one on the ship that I would want doing that.”

“Well, we could go find some nameless guy in a bar the next time we have free time on a planet.”

“No.”

Will smiled at him and leaned down to kiss him. Still on a high from his two orgasms and lost in the sweet kisses Will was giving him, he barely noticed when a finger slipped inside of him.

He moaned into Will’s mouth, glad, even after two orgasms, that Will was finally going to fuck him. He loved the feel of Will inside of him. Will was taking his time though, even though Wesley really didn’t need it. Not after all of the sex they’d had this week.

Will was intensely focused on his prostate though, so he figured Will was trying to get him hard again. Even after two orgasms there were sparks flying and suddenly Will broke out of the kiss and moved down his body, taking him into his mouth, coaxing him into hardness. He was still too sensitive for this, but Will was gentle and persistent, and soon, Wesley was hard again.

“You’re going to kill me, Will.”

“Maybe, but what a way to go.”

Wesley rolled his eyes, but then was sighing contentedly as Will finally pushed into him. “Yes,” he groaned out, wrapping his legs around Will, trying to get as close to him as possible. Will kissed him and began moving slowly. Wesley was surprised at the restraint considering Will had yet to come.

He ran his hands along Will’s naked body, touching him anywhere he could reach. Will reached between them to stroke Wesley, breaking the kiss and resting his forehead against Wesley’s as he did so. Will held his gaze and Wesley couldn’t look away, even if he had wanted to.

“Come for me, Wes,” Will pleaded, his voice barely above a whisper. And Wesley did, for the third time that morning, and Will followed right behind him.

Will pulled out and collapsed next to Wesley, still touching him, still kissing him, focusing on his neck and his chest. Wesley wasn’t even sure he could move again, and he couldn’t understand why Will was still kissing him and touching him when he should be resting. He tried to pull Will up, but he wouldn’t move.

“Will?” Will just shook his head against Wesley, and started kissing down towards his stomach. And…oh. Oh. Will was just as reluctant to leave here as Wesley was. He didn’t want things to go back to the way they were either. That’s why he had been so focused this morning.

Since his mother knew, things wouldn’t have to be exactly the same, and he figured now was as good a time as any to finally tell Will.

“Will, things don’t have to be exactly the same. My mother knows.”

Will stopped what he was doing and moved up Wesley’s body to look him in the eye.

“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you at the beginning of the week, but I wasn’t sure how you would take it and I didn’t want anything spoiling this week. And I didn’t tell her. She figured it out on her own.”

Wesley was babbling, but he was nervous and Will wasn’t saying anything.

“Will?”

“Your mom knows?”

“Yeah. Are you mad?”

“No.”

“Really?”

“I’m just as surprised as you are.”

“Wait, so, you’re really okay with this.”

“I think I am.”

“Oh.”

“Yeah.”

Wesley couldn’t help the smile that broke out over his face as Will leaned in to kiss him. When they shifted positions, Wesley could feel that Will was hard again and he groaned.

“Will, there is no way I can go again.” Will pouted at him and Wesley chuckled. “It’s your fault for making me come three times already.”

“I like making you come.”

Wesley might not be able to go again, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t take care of Will. He rolled Will onto his back and reached down to begin stroking him.

“Wes.”

“Hmm.” He continued stroking, speeding up a bit.

“I want you to get hard for me again.”

“That’s not going to happen.”

“Do you know why I want you hard again?”

“Why?”

“I want you to fuck me.” Wesley’s traitorous cock twitched at the thought, and Will knew it. “Come on, Wes. I want you inside of me. I need to feel you inside of me.”

Wesley stopped stroking Will and groaned. He was achingly hard again. He couldn’t believe how easy that had been.

“I hate you.”

Will just chuckled and pressed the lube into Wesley’s hand. Wesley tried to take his time preparing Will, but Will wasn’t having any of it.

“No patience, “ Wesley muttered as he slicked himself up.

“Yes, it’s such a terrible thing that I want you.”

Wesley looked up at Will and smiled at him. He still couldn’t believe that he had somehow been lucky enough to have this wonderful man in his life. He leaned down and kissed Will.

“I love you.”

Will smiled at him, brushing a hand along his cheek. “I love you too.”

Wesley pulled back so that he could press into Will, and when he was all of the way in, he just stopped and stared. The one and only time he had done this, he hadn’t gotten to watch Will, and he was so beautiful like this.

“What?”

Wesley had been staring at Will for longer than he had thought and now he could feel himself blushing.

“I like you like this.”

Will was smiling at him again, though Wesley wasn’t sure he had stopped. Wesley started to move, a slow pace like Will had done with him. He watched Will as he moved inside of him. He watched Will’s face as the pleasure began to build. He watched as Will began to stroke himself, and he watched as Will opened his eyes and started right into Wesley’s, and he watched as Will came, Wesley’s name on his lips, taking Wesley tumbling right over the edge with him.

He collapsed on top of Will when he was finished. This time, he definitely wasn’t going to be moving for a while.

“No more,” he mumbled into Will’s chest. He could feel the vibrations of Will’s laughter on his face.

“No more,” Will agreed.

He was glad Will didn’t try to push him off because he was quite comfortable lying where he was. He fell asleep to the warmth of Will’s body, his hands running up and down his back, and thinking that even though shore leave was ending, it had at least gone out with a bang. Four of them, actually.