Series Title: Highbury Tales
By: Alexander Sunshine
Episode 6: Bill Jager

****************************************

The very next night, Brian came home late from the college campus with a book he was eager to share with Alice.  After a long day of working in the bookstore and cleaning the house, Alice was reclining herself on a sofa in the sitting-room to relax when he returned home.

"Alice!" he said excitedly.  "You must see this book I found in the library, it is about practical magic."

"Oh really?  You found such a book in the school's own library?  I'm surprised."

"I am as well, I did not expect to find anything there, but I decided to look anyway."  Brian sat down next to her a procured a thick tome from his book-bag.  He paused for a moment thoughtfully and then asked: "Is Rupbert asleep?"

"Yes, I think so.  I think he did not get enough sleep the other night and so he's making up for it today."

"Do you think we ought to keep our studies a secret from Rupbert?" Brian asked.

She thought that was a fair question.  "I don't know, what do you think?"  Alice countered.

He sat back, leaning back against the couch, and then, after a moment, straightened again.  "I think, better safe than sorry.  Most people react to this kind of study with ridicule or fear, or even anger.  I suppose neither of us has known him for long enough to make a prediction, but you've known him for longer."

"I agree, I think it is best to not bring it up to him if it is not necessary.  In general he has shown himself to be a very conventional-minded bloke, although he has on more than one occasion admitted that he sees himself as being more open-minded than most people.  When it comes to subjects of the metaphysical or occult nature, religion or magic and so forth, he seems blithely ignorant and uninterested.  So it is hard to say how he would react to the subject if confronted with the reality of it directly."  Alice folded her arms together and regarded Brian carefully.  She cautiously admitted:  "No offense, but I find your peers to be stuffy and boring people, overly concerned with propriety and stricken with guilt at the thought of expressing any kind of individuality."

"I take no offense, that is practically the defining feature of us rich Kingslanders."  he chuckled self-consciously.

"Rupbert seems not very different than most," Alice continued, "but still, there is something about him.  It is as if I see that he has more potential than most people, to change and grow."

Brian smiled uncomfortably.  There was something he was hesistant to say, Alice could tell.  "That is, again, a most astute observation!  About Rupbert that is..."

"What do you mean?"

"I- I just mean exactly what I said.  I mean, I agree with what you said."

She decided to let him off the hook, and went on: "I suppose I went off on a tangent there.  My point is, it is hard to tell what he would do, how he would react."

"Overall though, your description does not sound discouraging.  Perhaps you should ask him.  Haven't you ever discussed the night at the cathedral?"

"No, not with any depth.  He seems to have done his best to push the incident out of his mind.  That is no suprise however, anyone should; he did go through quite an ordeal that night."

"You should talk to him, bring up the subject gently." he said encouragingly.

"I'll do that sometime.  For now, let's read together in your bedroom, where we would have some privacy."

"My bedroom?  Are you sure you want to work in there?"

"Yes, definitely."  Alice said.  She was discouraged by his priggishness about it, but decided to feign blindness to it:  "Don't worry," she said.  "No matter how messy your room is it won't be anything I haven't seen before."

He smiled and the two of them went upstairs and to his room.  As Alice entered his bedroom, she found it ironic how perfectly neat the place was.  Nothing was sitting about, even his desk was perfectly clear and clean.  There were no dirty socks and under-wear lying on the floor, as young men usually had in their own bedrooms.  Alice hopped up onto his neatly-made bed and sat up leaning against the head-board.  Brian chivalrously sat in a chair half-way across the room.

"This looks like a great book." he said.  "I found it at the library the theology department at the college has.  I am so surprised to find a book like this at all, anywhere.  You see, many books on magic are written in code, or special terminology for confusing the reader if the book should fall into the wrong hands.  There is even blatant misinformation sometimes, this kind of thing is called 'blinds'.  This book looks different though, it promised out-right to not have such 'blinds'."

"Yes, I've heard of blinds.  That's just one of the things that puts me off of studying the subject at all."

"I thought this part was very interesting and elucidating..."  He flipped through some of the pages.  "Here it is..." he read aloud to her:

"Synchronicity.  A synchronicity is a meaningful coincidence.

"As the practitioner becomes more experienced and aware of all of the magic in the world, he will note more and more synchronicities even as he goes about his everyday activities that have nothing to do with his magical practice.  Happily, the practitioner will notice that even the things he wishes for idly while day-dreaming or ruminating will practically fall in his lap, without having performed any ritual or other conscious application of magic.  However, not all of the side effects are happy.  The practitioner also finds that his increased awareness expedites the karmic rewards and punishments for his deeds."

"Oh, that is indeed interesting."  Alice said.  "It sounds like the fact that despite being born on different continents, we managed to meet each other in this life is a synchronocity."

"Exactly!  That is exactly what I thought when I first read this.  But we don't take part in groups or rituals or anything like that... but we have the awareness.  I think the awareness is the most important part."

Alice smiled mischievously.  "But still... coming together to study like this, I think this is only the beginning of the synchronicities we are bound to experience."

Brian smiled back.  "Spooky!  Especially the part about karmic rewards and punishments..."

***********************************

When Alice woke up the next morning, as she lay in bed next to Rupbert, she thought of how she could broach the subject of magic to him.  She did not think it was wise to start out with mention of the incident at the cathedral, for that was such a negative experience.  But that seemed to be the most natural way: to relate it to events that personally affected them.  She could mention how perhaps she had caused Brian appear.  Instantly she realized that would be a terrible idea: telling him that she had wished for a new man because she felt unsatisfied with him.  Whether she had actually caused him to arrive was still dubious in her mind in any case.

At this point of indecisiveness, her mind began to wander.

"What a socially inept bunch we are," she thought.  "I am a lowly, cynical maid, unassimilated and with no desire to assimilate into this turgid culture.  Rupee was just a bookish old fuddy-duddy before he became a social pariah, and Brian is just hopelessly dorky.  Maybe, if I wish for another man, he will appear again.  This time, I will wish for a man that is dynamic and exciting.  I want a man who can be unreserved and fun to be around...  A man that isn't always saying he's sorry and trying to be perfectly polite all the time.  I want a man who can be downright mean - well, not to me, but other people sometimes.  A man that will bring adventure into my life... A man that will set my heart on fire."

Alice looked over to Rupbert and he still seemed to be sleeping.  He lay on his back and his chest moved up and down as he breathed loudly.  She drew closer to him and put her hand down his pajama-pants and groped at his crotch.  His penis was flaccid, and so she moved down underneath the blankets, and tugging the front of pants down, massaged his manly sack, salty from his night-time sweat, with her tongue and soon his pecker sprang to life.

She moved back up and then he made a sound and turned to her: "Mmm, Alice." he said.  He put his arms around her and pressed her close as he kissed her sleepily.

She tried to pull his pants down, but it was difficult with him almost crushing her in his arms.  Nevertheless with some effort she managed to pull away and maneuver his pants down.  She climbed on top of him and guided his prick into her complementary area.  He gazed up at her dreamily and cupped her breasts as she bounced back and forth.  As she felt her climax coming, she tried to think of the man she wanted again.  "Dynamic... interesting... exciting...  Not like Rupbert or Brian... oh... what else... set my heart... on fire..."

Before she could even wonder if it had worked, they both heard the door-bell ring.  In spite of her intent, Alice was genuinely shocked to hear the door-bell.  She decided she would remain skeptical that her experiment had worked until she saw this new man with her own two eyes.

Once again, in a scene that was rather familiar, the two of them went down the stairs and Rupbert answered the door.  Meanwhile, Alice went over to the dining room where she could watch the front door from an oblique angle, and where Brian was sitting and eating a breakfast-muffin.

Rupbert opened the door and apparently recognized the man who stood at his door-step.  "Bill!  Bill Jager!  I am so happy to see you.  You had told me you were moving here, but when I looked for you some time ago, I could not find you."  The two of them spoke for some moments, but Alice could not hear them very well.  She strained to look at the man though, who kept moving into and out of view as he stood at the door-step.

When Alice could see Bill clearly, she felt relieved that he did not seem to be the one who would fulfill her requirements.  He was a man around Rupberts age, he looked a little older, but perhaps he was only more worn-out.  The first thing one would notice about him is that he was an intimidating figure: very tall, lean, and strong-looking.  The next thing one would notice, if not first, were his eyes.  He had large blue eyes which looked haunted and ghoulish.  However, the rest of his face added to that impression as well: He had a long age and sun-worn face with severe cheek-bones, a narrow but projective nose, and a tall, sloping fore-head.  He wore a suit, but that suit looked worn and dirty, the collar of his shirt dark with sweat-stains.  What a creepy-looking man, Alice thought.

"What a creepy-looking man!"  Brian said quietly.

Alice looked at him and smiled, "that's exactly what I was thinking!  Word for word!"

At that moment Rupbert and Bill came into the dining room, where Alice and Brian stood about, suddenly perfectly quiet.

"Brian, Alice, meet my friend Bill Jager."

"Hello," he said, shaking Alice's hand and then Brian's.

"Hello, nice to meet you," Brian said unconvincingly.

"Hello," said Alice.

"Brian is my nephew," said Rupbert, "who has been staying here for a few weeks, and Alice is my housekeeper."

"Well, I have to go to class.  Nice meeting you... Mr. Jager."  Brian said perfunctorily.

From the look in Bill's eyes, Alice got the impression that he wanted to talk to Rupbert in privacy, and so she excused herself.  She walked Brian out the front door.

When they were outside Brian looked at her and sighed.  "Did you see that big suitcase he was carrying?  First you moved in, and then I did, and now it looks like this guy is moving in too.  At this rate, we ought to just put up sign and say we're running a hostel".

Alice turned to him and looked into his eyes quizzically.  She thought his pessimism was out-of-character for him.  She did not give it much thought, but hurried over closer to the dining room, where she could hear the men conversing, out of sight.

In the dining room, the two men sat and caught up with each other.  "Oh well.  Those were good times.  I have to make our conversation here make a serious turn, though." the man said.  When he spoke he sounded tired.  He had a deep, textured voice with a more working-class accent than Alice would expect an acquaintance of Rupbert's to have.  "I've run into some money troubles, and now I need a place to stay.  So, Rupbert.  I'm just gunna come out with it: I need a favor."

"What is it?  I would glad to help my friend."

"I need you to lend me some money.  Just a little something to get me back on my feet.  Something to buy me some time to think about what I'm going to do next, time to find a job or something."

"Don't worry, it's no trouble at all, I can do that for you."

"Great, great!  Hearing you say that, I'm happier than a mutt with two maypoles."

"I have a big house here, and it is just the three of us.  I insist that you stay here."

"Oh, no, Rupee, I am not asking to be an imposition here on your home-life.  Downtown there is a motel where I have a mate who said he'd give me a discount on a room."

"No, I absolutely insist you stay here.  No friend of mine is staying in some bug-eaten motel downtown!"

"Well, all right, if you want me to..."

****************************************

And that is how Bill came to live in the Greenleaf mansion.  For the first few days he was very mysterious.  He seemed to spend all of his time sleeping or doing something else alone in his bedroom when he was home.  But some days he would go out and come home, never mentioning where he was going or for how long.  He never joined the other three for their meals, and usually slept through breakfast anyway.  Alice figured he suffered from some invisible health problem that made him lethargic.  Even though he kept to himself, Brian seemed to thoroughly dislike Bill.  When they were in the same room together Brian had a subtle look on his face as if he could smell something rotten in the room.  Rupbert was concerned about Bill's reclusive manner but decided for the time being to let him have his solitude and privacy if that was what he wanted.

But then one morning Bill ventured to have breakfast with the three of them.  He had come home very late the previous night, (or early that morning, to be more accurate,) yet he seemed unusually cheerful and energetic that day.  Brian was discussing his professors at the university when he sat down with them.  

"So you're a college boy, eh?"  Bill asked.

"Yes..."

"So, what are you studying?"

"Theology."  he answered concisely, and then took a bite of his surgically-cut breakfast.

"Theology?" he said derisively.  "Why would anyone want to study theology?  There's no money in that."  

"I always thought I could write about the subject, publish articles.  Or I could become a theology professor myself."  Brian said defensively.  "Beside, there's more to life than money, and spirituality is nutritious to the soul, that is what I always say." he added, trying to lighten the conversation.

"Bah!  Let me tell you, my boy, all religion is just a crutch for the feeble-minded." as Bill continued to speak, his tone and manner transitioned from didactic back to derisive:  "First it just started out with the cavemen who did not understand why the the sun rises... why the seasons change... all that stuff... and just like most blokes today, instead of admitting they had no idea, they made up some crazy story about it.  Now people just keep the stories around so that they don't have to face the dark truth that we're all going to die someday and return to nothingness.  Worms will eat at our bodies until we are just dust again."

"Excuse me sir, Bill..." Brian sputtered.  "With all due respect... you... are mistaken."

Alice and Rupbert eyed each other uneasily.  The situation was very tense and uncomfortable, with no promise of improvement.

Bill put on a cocky grin: "I'm wrong?  Tell me how I'm wrong."

"Where do I even begin?  How can I?  Have you ever even studied theology?  Have you ever read a single book, a single article on the subject?"  Brian's voice was strained.

"No," Bill scoffed.  "But why should I?  Religion as a subject is inherently wrong.  We are supposed to accept ideas on unquestioned faith.  That's plain stupid."

"No, religions are absolutely not about accepting ideas on 'unquestioned faith', that is a common, but ignorant misconception -and I'll tell you what is plain stupid: it is a man having such a strong opinion about a subject he apparently knows less than nothing about!"

Rupbert sighed audibly.  He tried to smile.  "All right you two... this is why it is not polite to discuss politics or religion at the dining-table.  Intellectuals and philosophers have debated the subject for thousands of years, clearly there are no easy answers.  I'm sorry to impose on your conversation, but obviously this subject needs to be dropped, I think you two should just agree to disagree."

There was a tense silence for a few minutes.  Brian seemed more pleased than Bill at his uncle's judicial decree.  Bill shifted uneasily, he looked very eager to get the last word in.

"Hey, Brian.  What's wrong with you anyway?" he said.

"What!" Brian said, his eyes darting back and forth from Bill, to the table, to Alice, and to his uncle.

"Why are you cutting up your food like that and eating so slowly?"

"That's just... that's just the way I like to do it." Brian said, he twitched as he did his best to keep his temper.

At that point, Alice felt sorry she had ever been so annoyed by Brian and his table-manner.

"I know..." Bill snapped his fingers, "you are like that character in the play, I forget the name, about the Doctor who falls in love with the governess.  The guy who always had to have everything perfectly clean, and who would have to count the number of bricks in the walkway...  I forget what they call that... compulsive-something.  You have that, don't you?"

"Excuse me," Brian said.  He wiped his mouth with his napkin decisively, put it down, and strode out of the dining-room.

*************************************

As time went on, in her solitary moments Alice kept thinking about the mystery of Bill.  He seemed to have two distinct modes of operation: quiet, brooding and reclusive, and other times seemed cheerful and sociable, but at the same time inconsiderate, uncouth, even mean.  Despite his erratic behaviour, Alice was avoidant of judging him.  She did not like how he had spoken to Brian, but she dismissed what he said with the old adage, "Nobody's perfect".  Alice wondered what had happened in his past.  

She thought of him more and more until she saw him in a new light.  One evening, it hit her all of a sudden, she realized that Bill was sexy.  What a strange affect he had on her, she thought.  He had a kind of attractiveness that was sneaky and unexpected: at first he seemed weird, but then, not realizing what was happening, she found herself utterly smitten all of a sudden.  He had such muscular arms and she longed to feel them around her.  He had such a sexy voice and she longed to hear him utter dirty (not sweet) nothings to her.  Alice realized, finally, that he was indeed the man she had summoned.  Her sex-magic had worked.

She went to her bedroom and sat at the edge of her bed.  She could barely hear Bill moving about in his own bedroom next-door.  "Right now is as good a time as any!" she thought.  She stood up and went in front of the mirror in her bedroom.  She studied her reflection and wondered if Bill thought she was attractive.  After all of this time, he must have formed an opinion already, she thought.  She wondered if he liked Vindhyan women in general.

She undid the braid in her hair and ran her fingers throught its thick, black length.  She arranged some of her hair in front of her shoulders.  She adjusted her shirt and moistened her lips.  "Perhaps I can go in there wearing a camisole... no, that would be too much - or too little, rather."  She unbuttoned the first two buttons of her shirt.

She hurried downstairs to the kitchen and looked for some left-over desserts.  She put them on a tray, and then went back upstairs.  She finally approached his bedroom-door and after a moment's hesitation, dared to knock at it gently.

"Come in," Bill said, his voice muted by the walls and the door between them.

She opened the door and greeted him with a smile.  "Good evening, Mr. Jager, I-"

"I would prefer that you call me 'Bill', just 'Bill'," he said casually.  However, his voice naturally had a powerful force to it.

"Excuse me... Bill...  I just came up here to offer you some cake."

"Just leave it on the table." he said, without even looking in her direction.

Alice was almost put-off by his stand-offish demeanor, but nevertheless she kept on: She moved closer to him.  She saw that he was carving a piece of wood into a lion.  "Wow, you surely are a talented sculptor." she said.

"Thanks."

"Where did you learn to sculpt like that?  Did someone teach you?"

"No."

She bent over the table, giving him a fair view down her shirt, with the premise of looking closer at a different lion sculpture.  That one was finished, and it was different, but they both depicted a lion poised to attack.  "If you don't want any cake, perhaps there's something else I can get, or do for you," she said suggestively.

Bill stared down her shirt in a most relaxed, unabashed and unconcealed manner.  "I'm sure you have all kinds of delightful treats in your kitchen... but I'm not really in the mood right now." he said.

"Oh... all right." she said contritely.  She hurried out of the room, feeling like a complete fool.

**************************************************

Later that night, Alice noticed that Bill had mysteriously slipped out of the house.  Alice thought he must be spending time at the local pubs.  But if what he wanted was company, why was he so antisocial around them?  Alice felt herself sink as the idea entered her mind that perhaps he thought the lot of them were no fun to be around, and that to him, she was just "one of them".  

Soon Brian came home and and the two of them chatted idly for a long while.  Eventually their conversation was interrupted when the front door slammed shut and the raucous laughter of Bill and two young women filled the house.

When they walked by the sitting-room, Alice stared at them.  The women looked to be about her age or younger, one of them blonde, the other with hair an unnaturally bold shade of red.  It was difficult to tell their ages, and they looked similar, as they both wore the same very heavy makeup: Blood-red lipstick, darkly-lined eyes and brows, skin powdered white with rouge on the cheeks.  They both wore tight, blue, low-cut dresses that exposed protuberant, alabaster cleavage.

"Good evening," Bill said to Alice and Brian.  "These are my two new friends, Maude and Jenny", he said, indicating towards the red-head and then blonde, respectively.  He glanced at her and the three of them walked past with no further acknowledgement.

"Those girls look like prostitutes," Alice mused cattily when they were out of ear-shot.  

Brian began a laugh.  "Yes... because they *are* prostitutes!"

"Oh..."  Then she felt great dread as she saw that instead of staying downstairs, perhaps in the sitting-room or the dining-room to socialize, they went upstairs.

After they went up, Alice excused herself from Brian's company and noiselessly went by the bottom of the stairs and listened as a door opened and shut behind them, muffling their banter and laughter.  She slowly and anxiously dared to go up and could see and hear that they did indeed go into his bedroom.  She rushed into her own bedroom.  Lying in bed seemed comforting, but she easily realized that she could hear much of what was going on in the next room.  Despite her anguish, she considered her situation thoughtfully.  Was Bill really the man she had summoned magically?  She thought of how in story-books, using magic always had such negative consequences.  She had always assumed that was for the express purpose of making people fear the occult, but for the first time she considered that perhaps that was in fact the reality of magic.

Meanwhile, next-door, Bill sat back on his own bed.  "Kiss each other," he said.

They both grinned at him and then turned to each other.  The lips of the two women met, and they kissed slowly but heatedly.  Bill could see their tongues as they continued to caress each other.

"Take off your clothes."

The two harlots slowly and gracefully undressed each other until they were both perfectly naked.  They both went over to the bed and sat by his side.  Bill kissed both of them, gently nibbled at their pale necks, and probed at their hot mouths with his tongue, one, and then the other, and then back to the first one.

"Touch each other."  Bill said.

They both ran their hands up and down each others bodies.  Maude cupped at her companions's pale breasts and flicked her tongue across her pink, delicate-looking nipples.  Jenny threw her head back and said, "Mmmmm..."  Bill took her face in his hands and kissed her deeply and Maude continued to play with her breasts.  Bill blindly groped at them both.  He shifted his position and nuzzled at Maude's breasts.

Bill undid his pants and pulled out his cock, which was hard and ready.  "Blow me."

The two girls obeyed and he said nothing else but sat back motionlessly.  They both kneeled before him.  Jenny held his penis while Maude kissed and licked at it as if it were a lollipop.  Jenny soon joined in, but gently stimulated his manly sack.

"Oh... yeah..." Bill moaned.  "Suck my cock," he whispered.  He grabbed Maude by the hair and directed his prick deep into her mouth.  She bobbed her head up and down, her exclamations muffled by his cock.  Jenny pushed her away and then took her turn blowing him.

Bill stood up and directed the girls to get onto the bed, face down, bent over the side of the bed, both of them side-by-side.  Standing behind them, he put his fingers into both of them, one hand for each of them.  They both moan "ooooh" as he worked his fingers into and out of them slowly.

"Oh, please, fuck me," Maude said.

Bill was happy to fullfill her request, and he penetrated her too quickly, the end of his cock slipping away from her at first.  Then he entered her and pounded into her as he continued to frig at Jenny.  Then he switched, guiding his throbbing shaft, already slick and wet into Jenny.  Then, again, he switched back to pounding at Maude.

Jenny got off of the bed and as Bill continued to thrust in and out, she eagerly began to lick about where his body met Maude's.  She tongued at his balls, and the opening of her cunt, and also at her ass-hole.

He thrust into her hard and fast.  Soon, the bed had made its way closer to the wall, and the headboard began to bang loudly against it.

"Oh... yeah... I'm going to come soon!" the red-head cried.

Bill stepped up the pace of his fucking and soon she began moaning inarticulately.

When all of this was over, Alice still sat wide-awake in bed.  She ruefully wondered if Brian had felt exactly like this.  Then to her despair, she heard the noises in the next room start up again as Bill moved on to satisfying Jenny.

***********************

Next Episode: Linda Barton's Revenge