Dean sleeps till very late the next morning, causing Sam to question what it was that Heather slipped into his beer. She's nonchalant however, and replies it was only a sleeping pill, if he's sleeping like this, and he is just sleeping, then he must need it. Sam tries to tell her that his brother hasn't sleep more than two hours at any stretch for years, but she doesn't seem to care, and Dean doesn't seem to want to be woken.

Sam aches pleasantly, that good sex ache, but the worry over his brother distracts him, she might have poisoned or cursed him, but when Sam tries to force Dean awake the dog growls at him, a teeth pulled back malice growl, so Sam backs off.

He leaves a note saying he's taking Heather out for breakfast and he'll bring Dean something back but when he gets back, maybe an hour later, Dean has showered and is missing with a note saying he's walking the dog and "you better have got me waffles, bitch." It's the most familiar part of Dean he's seen since he came back from his mysterious road trip.

Dean talks about those months, but Sam's sure he lies.

When Dean comes in, laughing at the dog who is running around his heels, in and out between them but with the surety of something that is confident that it will not trip him, "oh man," he says, "Oh sammy, you should have seen him, there was these rottweilers, or at least as big as them, three of them, and this little monkey," he bends down to scratch the dog between the ears, who rolls over in doggy glee, "chased them off with their tails between their legs. Seriously, king of the carpark, here, now, waffles!" Sam has bought him pancakes, and corned beef hash for the dog, not sure what else to get him.

Heather crosses her legs in her badly fitting jeans, her bare foot sticking out and toe pointing at the dog. "He came from the Otherworld," she said, "the Other version of the town, what kind of dog do you think he is?"

Dean just grins at her, the dog tilts his head, tongue hanging out of the side of his mouth in canine bliss, "do you think he's the first supernatural dog I've met, he's not a Hellhound the size of a horse and hasn't bit me, I consider that a win." He got up from where he was knelt on the hideous motel carpet before opening the polystyrene boxes on the table. He splits both portions in half, giving the dog half the pancakes and taking half the hash for himself, then putting one of the boxes on the floor, Gilby tucks in with as much abandon as Dean himself. "I tried to contact Wayne, couldn't get through, will try again in a bit," he says through a mouthful of food. "See if he can put you up," he looks at Heather, "there are all those women there, I'm sure you'll fit straight in."

"Whatever," Heather sneers from her chair, "I'll be fine on my own." She looks at Sam for backing. She doesn't get it.

"I've done Hell," Dean says and he sounds dismissive of it, like it's nothing much, "I'm sure that you're version of it was milder than mine, and sometimes you need people who'll understand, or you'll go mad and start going Hell on those who can't understand." He washes down a mouthful of toast with cold coffee, "if Bilquis puts you up you'll be set, Wayne's good like that."

"You have no idea who i am," Heather is angry, "I could be a serial killer, I could be a member of The Order, I could be a demon."

Sam laughs, "if you were, we'd kill you and burn the body." There is a thrum of sex in the glare that Heather gaves him. It vibrates in the air between them.

"The Order will search for me, they'll bring anyone in their way to the Otherworld. Will you put this friend of yours in danger?"

That is obviously the best joke that Dean has heard in a long time, he laughs loud and long, mouth open to show half chewed pancakes and syrup. "Oh, you make me laugh," he says finally, wiping actual tears from his eyes, "Sammy, you have got to keep this one." It also says a lot to Sam that Dean isn't trying to take her for himself, even though he clearly can't feel the strange red thread that seems to exist between Heather and Sam. It says about how Dean thinks of Castiel, that he considers himself taken, not even to look at a girl as lovely as she is.

Dean pulls out his cell and speed dials on speaker phone, after a few rings a man answers, "Queen of Sheba."

"Wayne," Dean says sitting at the table, the dog stood on it's back legs beside him begging scritches, "you don't need to answer your cell like that you know." He lifts the dog up unto his lap, and although Dean seems amused by Heather he seems to have adopted her demon dog.

"Habit, so, you normally check in on Wednesdays, and today is," he is quiet for a moment, "tuesday so i don't think you want to chat."

"Actually, I wanted to ask a favour, a friend of mine has gone through a real tough time and I was wondering if you could ask Bilquis if she could stay over." The dog makes a noise, "she has a dog as well."

"How tough a time," Wayne sounds like he's mulling it over.

"Seven years in the outskirts of Hell, seven years our time."

Wayne lets out a low whistle, "fuck," he says finally, "Bilquis would say yes if we had the room, and we won't for a month at least, i'd ask if she could stay with you that long, I mean seriously, they were fighting over who was sleeping on the pool table last night, and most of them are effin gods, they don't need to sleep." He lets out a loud sigh. "Right, let me think, let me think." He stops. "Actually, Hathor's here at the bar, I'm going to put you on hold while i get her." The line goes quiet.

"Who's Hathor?" Sam asks.

"Best doctor in fifty states." Dean answers calmly, "world expert on PTSD, should have thought of it myself, this is where Bobby would call me an idjit." He moves his hand from behind the dog's ears to under it's collar, continuing the mindless scratching.

"Dean?" a woman's voice says from the cell on the table. "If you aren't the biggest fucking idiot to walk the Earth I'll eat my fucking hat, and I like that hat, so I'm fucking glad you're a moron, seriously, I bet I could shine a fucking light through your fucking ears and use it to read the paper on the other fucking side, fucking monkey's, I doubt they have a fucking brain cell fucking between them," there is a pause, a crackling sucking sound, "and if they fucking did, you didn't get any fucking access. Seven fucking years, Dean, seven. Now take me off speakerphone, because I can hear your fucking brother snickering from here, and let me talk to her, and dear," her tone changes, become soft, "we'll talk outside in the sunshine, alright?" Heather lifts the phone, still wary of it's size - it's so small she had exclaimed - and closes the door behind her.

"So," Sam starts, "that's Hathor." Dean just nods, and really that does say it all.

***

At Dean's suggestion, sprawled out on the bed watching Dr Sexy reruns, Sam takes Heather to the local mall. They are in a suburb of Buffalo but the mall is big enough for the whole city. Outside it Heather quakes, her hands clutching the passenger seat in true terror. "It's where it started," she says, "a mall, Claudia came and the mall fell into the Otherworld, she'll come again, she'll find me, she'll bring me back."

Sam puts his hand on her thigh. "You said you killed her, you said she was dead, she can't find you, she can't take you back." But he thinks they might be platitudes.

From the footwell a small green hand pops up, offering a ring. "Psst, boss." Jeremy hisses, "here." The ring has design of two hands holding a black heart with a crown, he's seen the design before, it's hardly unique, but the stone glitters and shines with an oily blackness that is obviously the Darkness. It seems his minions like his queen as much as the Boy King does.

Sam takes the ring, it is more than a mark of his favour, the Darkness offers her protection. "If you are in danger," he says and it's the Boy King speaking, as it often is to her, "find the shadows and the ring will protect you. I am not so powerless that I cannot reach out."

"Your brother doesn't know, does he, about the shadows?"

"No," Sam says, "my brother has his secrets and I have my own."

The look in her eye becomes lascivious then, and before he can think they are in the back seat of the impala, her jeans around her knees and her thighs bent as he fucks her, biting at her lips, careless of who can see them from the car park, obsessed with the taste of her; the feel of her, hot and wet around his cock, and the tininess of her in his hands.

***

The mall is an exercise in normality, neither of them quite ready for it, but coping better than Dean who declared he'd rather have his eyelids peeled off than set foot in one of the places. The food court is busy, people wandering about with trays of over processed and over priced food, the wafting stench of deep friers and pizza ovens, and the sticky sweet smell of coke syrup, with that is the sharpness antiseptic cleaner on the floors, and sour lingering body odour. Heather looks fucked out, pupils blown, lips swollen, but hair perfectly cut into a deft pixie by one of the salons here, Sam wonders if she'd let him take her into the toilets for a quicky. It's nothing to do with lust, but ownership. He wants to mark his claim all over her, to come across her throat, to rub his scent all along her and be marked in return.

"Sam I am," Reigert says sitting down at the table. He is a tall man in a long black coat, unremarkable but there is something not quite right about him; something that smacks of other and wrongness. He flicks out the coats of his tail as he sits at the table. "Heather," he bows his head, "I am honoured to meet you."

"Reigert," Sam says but Heather tilts her head quizzically, a gesture very like Castiel's in fact. It must be something she learned from the twisted angel in the otherworld.

"Sloth," she says and Reigert bows his head.

"I am honoured my lady recognises me." It is a formal declaration. He looks around and catches the eye of a teenager, "two frozen coffees, one with an extra shot, the other with extra vanilla. Go." It is the most wasteful thing Sam has seen the power used for. Dean would snark about them not being the droids that he was looking for.

A woman comes over in a sleek black wool dress with a gold belt that matches her stiletto sandals. She is amongst the most beautiful women Sam has ever seen, including in movies and magazines. Her make up is perfect, her hair perfectly styled. She does not look like she belongs in a mall, let alone the food court.

"Vanity." Heather says.

"Dean and I exorcised the seven sins." Sam protests as the teenager brings back Reigert's frozen coffees, and Reigert presses a five dollar bill into his hand and waves him away.

"There are many demons who seek our titles without knowing what it is to be us, Boy-king." The woman, Vanity, says. "I heard they made a family sit until they starved to death, that is not sloth, the act of sloth is that man does nothing in the fight against evil, or to act for evil in the name of good." She licks her perfect red lips. "Vanity is the promotion of the self against any other, even who you should be. When a girl starves herself to death to be beautiful she does it in my name. Is that who you fought, Boy-king?"

"My name is Sam," he protests.

"Your name is Sammael." She corrects, wrapping her lips around the straw of her frozen coffee, the one with the extra shot of espresso, not the one with vanilla. "And you are our boy-king, acknowledged but you can only become our king when the Lord of Emperors announces this, and you, Lady Asphodel," she looks at Heather, "you will be his queen, and manage his court whilst he brings together the duchies of Hell. You will bear his spawn and they shall be raised like angels of men. Those are the prophecies. We shall be your generals, but for now you are merely slightly more than human. The Corruption that consumes you makes you worthy of our interest, but when the Lord of Emperors comes he will step aside for you."

"What does Lucifer want?" Sam asks, he can't resist the opportunity, Vanity is offering him answers he must seek them out.

"What does anyone want, Sam?" Reigert answers leaning back in the chair. "We are here for Lady Asphodel." Sam's hand tightens on his knife. "Don't worry, you were looking for someone to put her up, away from the Order, we're happy to do it. We have a hotel room put aside for her in Lake Tahoe," he looks at Heather, "and you can have anything you want, for you are to be our Queen."

"What assurances do you offer?" Heather buts in, "for my safety."

"I swear on my very existence, of each use of my name, that no harm will come to you whilst I stand to prevent it." Reigert says and he sounds strangely genuine.

"May even I be struck down with pox if I do not stand to your name and banner, Lady Asphodel." Vanity says, "of course we'll have to get you some new clothes, you look a mess, I like your hair, but....." And that is it, Sam can trust their promises, Angels don't lie after all, even those as fallen as these. He can trust them with her, even if it goes against everything he stands for. "And of course we'll have to fetch your little dog, he's cute, I like that he's not the usual zeitgeist. I trust Dean will not stand in our way." She sounds sort of hopeful that Dean might put up a fight so she can hurt him.

"I'll call ahead, tell him what's happening." He looks at Heather. "Is this what you want, Heather? I mean the penthouse in Tahoe and all that, Hathor said you could stay with Horace and Seth and her. You have options."

"Can i," heather starts, "can i call people, I mean, can I go out, you're not going to trap me there, are you, because if you are."

Reigert laughs. "You will be our queen," he says, "it kind of means we have to do what you say, as long as it won't get you killed we have no problem with what you do. But no lovers, you belong to him, at least in that aspect, well, within reason," Reigert's grin is sharp and cruel, "well, nothing you could get pregnant from," he continues, "the rest of it, is up to you. Do you want to leave with us now, in V's limo, or to collect your things from the motel first, that way you can drive back with Sam-I-am." He leers a little, it's just as cruel as his other expressions.

It is clear to Sam that Heather's choice was made before he took her from the town. She elects to let them pick her up from the motel and in the impala, with her back arched Sam marks her with his tongue, bites and sucks her labia into his mouth one by one, licking and sucking her clit until she is literally screaming for him with her thighs around his neck, pushing him closer. He doesn't stop, and if the Satans find themselves waiting let them wait.