Elizabeth was only about an hour away from closing up shop for the night. It was Friday, and she was tired, and ready to go home for the weekend. Luckily, her store had quieted down for the evening, as she made most of her sales early in the day. Her main stock consisted of mystical items that seemed magical, but were no more than just unique looking trinkets. Elizabeth did not sell magic, she had a rule against that. She merely sold regular items to people, saving all the magic for herself, as Elizabeth was a powerful witch, and a beautiful one at that.
Witch was one way of putting it at least, for she had been called a witch by many who had experienced her powers. She wasn't the cauldron stirring, broom riding, black hat wearing kind of witch, but more a woman with incredible powers, who could do most anything with the snap of her fingers, the gesture of her hand, or the look of her eyes. Running her own store was merely a way for Elizabeth to feel normal, something to which she often craved. She loved her powers, and wouldn't give them up for anything, but she got rather lonely. Even though she could conjure up an exact copy of a famous celebrity, create a completely new person out of thin air, or control the mind of someone so that they spent time with her, it wasn't the same as having a true connection with someone.
As another half hour passed, Elizabeth was even closer to a nice relaxing weekend. She couldn't wait to get off her feet for a while. Just when Elizabeth thought she would have no more customers for the night, she saw the front door of her shop open up, and a young woman walked in. She was dressed mostly in black, with a black hoodie and black jeans. Her hair looked to be a mix of dark red and black, and her nails were painted a dark color as well. She also wore a pair of tall white socks, along with short light brown Ugg boots. All in all, she looked as if she was a goth girl, but one who was trying to be more comfortable, especially because of the Ugg boots. She gave Elizabeth a glance as she walked in the door, and then proceeded to walk to the shelf of items opposite the counter where Elizabeth sat.
"Hello, my name is Elizabeth. Can I help you find anything this evening?" Elizabeth said, with a fake smile on her face.
"Ummm, maybe. I heard a rumor that I could find some special items here." The woman replied.
"And what kind of special items are you looking for?"
"Ones that have special properties...very special properties."
"You'll have to be more specific. I like to think of my whole stock as special. I hand picked everything myself!"
"Cut the crap." The woman said, taking on an annoyed tone. She placed her hands on her hips, and shifted her wait onto one foot. "You know exactly what kind of items I'm talking about." She spat.
Elizabeth wasn't in the mood to put up with someone so rude, but it was almost closing time, so she decided to put on a happy face and power through dealing with this chore of a woman. "I'm afraid I don't. You'll have to be more descriptive." Elizabeth said, the fake smile still on her face.
"I'm looking for magical items." The woman said, talking to Elizabeth as if she was a moron. "I heard from a friend that I can find powerful objects in this store."
"I don't know who told you that, but they were mistaken. I do not sell any items that have magical properties. That is quite absurd." Elizabeth said, giggling as if she had made a joke.
"Do you think I'm stupid? Huh? I know you have those items in this store, and I will not be leaving without the one I'm looking for!"
Elizabeth had decided that enough was enough, but instead of lashing out at the girl, she would calmly play along, and draw the girl into her trap. Elizabeth had new plans for the night, and this mystery woman was going to be her new toy, whether she liked it or not. She would make this woman regret being so rude to her, in her own store for that matter. "No miss, I don't think you are stupid. I merely save my magical items for very special customers," Elizabeth lied, "customers that don't worry about price."
"Yeah yeah, I've got my dad's credit card, and he's loaded, so I can pay you whatever you want, let's just make this quick!" The woman replied, further confirming Elizabeth's decision that this girl needed to be taught a lesson.
"As you wish. What kind of magical item are you looking for today?" Elizabeth said coolly.
"I want something that will give me magic powers, and make it so that people love me when I'm around them, and love me enough to where they want to worship me."
"I see." Elizabeth said, keeping her calm demeanor. This woman certainly had big plans, and seemed very power hungry. Those plans would never come to fruition. "I have just the thing, please follow me into the back room." Elizabeth went to the door, turned the open sign to closed, and locked the door. She then walked back towards her back room, the woman following behind her, smirking. "What is your name, by the way?"
"Regina."
"What a lovely name! Do you know what it means?" Elizabeth asked, faking some small talk.
"Don't know, don't care! Less talking, just get me what I want!" Regina demanded, starting to get visibly frustrated.
"Very well. You did say that you would be willing to pay any price?"
"Yes, you didn't hear me the first time? Whatever the price is, I can pay it!" Regina said, taking out her father's credit card and waving it around in the air.
"I heard you the first time, I just wanted to be sure." Elizabeth said, a smile growing on her face, but this time, the smile wasn't faked. "There's no need for that credit card though, you can put it away. You will be paying in other ways." Elizabeth's grin grew deeper as she looked at Regina.
"What do you mean, other ways? And why the hell are you looking at me li-" Regina was cut off as Elizabeth snapped her fingers, forcing Regina's mouth shut so that it could only open again if Elizabeth desired it to, and freezing her body so that she could not move a muscle. "Mmmm, mmmMMM!!"
"I was just looking forward to getting home, and relaxing a little bit. I only wanted to put my feet up, watch some TV, take a bath, that's all, I don't ask for much. You just had to walk in right before I closed, acting like a total bitch. You have no idea who you are messing with! To cut to the chase, I don't sell magical items, because all the power belongs to me!" Elizabeth exclaimed, her eyes beginning to glow red, as her sneakers lifted off the ground, her entire body levitating in the air. She spread her hands out in front of her, looking at Regina with her glowing eyes, and said, "I am going to make you pay!"
The look of fear on Regina's face as she saw what was happening in front of her was priceless, and Elizabeth enjoyed it immensely. Elizabeth lowered her body back down to the ground, and walked to the front of the store, beckoning Regina to follow her with her finger. As she did, Regina's body lifted up off the ground, her Ugg boots hovering a few inches off the floor, and she floated behind Elizabeth as she moved. Elizabeth then pointed her fingers around her store, lights turning off, and regular closing duties performing themselves as Elizabeth prepared to leave for the night.
Once she was ready, Elizabeth snapped her fingers teleporting herself and Regina into her kitchen. Regina just looked around in shock, her eyes wide open. "Welcome to my home! I'm sure you will enjoy your stay here." Elizabeth said as she cackled. She waved her hands a bit, and her kitchen started coming to life. Food hovered out of the fridge and pantry. Pots and pans floated from their places. Her stove lit itself, and dinner began making itself for her, and Regina too. "Are you hungry?" Elizabeth looked at Regina expectantly. "Oh that's right, you can't answer! I'll just make you some food anyways then, just because I'm feeling nice! Why don't you have a seat?" A chair at Elizabeth's kitchen table pulled itself out, and Regina's body was hovered into it.
It must have been because of Elizabeth's magic, because dinner was ready in just a couple of minutes. Two plates of food hovered onto the kitchen table. Elizabeth snapped her fingers, and utensils and two glasses of water appeared. Elizabeth began eating, and snapped her fingers again. Regina's fork hovered off the table, and moved to her plate to pick up some food. Once it had a decent helping, it levitated to Regina's mouth. "Open wide!" Elizabeth said, laughing again. Regina was able to open her mouth and accept the floating fork with food. "Good girl!"
"This is so degrading!" Regina thought to herself.
"If you think this is degrading, just wait until you see what I have planned for you later." Elizabeth winked at her captive, as Regina just looked at her in shock as she realized that Elizabeth just read her mind. "That's right hun, I can read your mind, among many, many other things!"
Dinner continued on until both plates were empty. A wave of Elizabeth's hand, and the table was cleared, and dishes were instantly cleaned, already back in their places. "Now, it's time for you to entertain me. I was just going to watch some TV, but you will do nicely!"
Snapping her fingers again, the women were teleported into Elizabeth's living room. Elizabeth took a seat in one of her armed chairs, and Regina was forced to sit on the couch. "I think I'd like to take some pictures of you, just like if I was a professional photographer. That could be fun!" Elizabeth waved her hand around the room, and photography equipment appeared out of thin air. Lights and a DSLR Camera were now pointed at Regina. "Now, how about you strike a pose?" Elizabeth's eyes glowed red again, and Regina was forced to move around on the couch, in several poses, as Elizabeth's camera took pictures of her on its own.
"I think you should lose the clothes, make these pictures a little more risque!" Elizabeth snapped her fingers again, and two white gloves appeared, filled out to proportion. They began to undress Regina, starting by grabbing her Ugg boots, and tugging them off her socked feet.
As the gloves were undressing her, Regina was still forced to pose. Now she was in a position almost lying on her stomach. One leg was bent so that her foot was sticking up in the air. The gloves glowed red, as they shared the red aura with her socks, which were magically pulled off of her feet. They were sent to her Ugg boots, to be saved for later.
The gloves continued undressing Regina, who was getting more and more embarrassed with each article of clothing the gloves removed. She began to blush as her hoodie was removed, to reveal that she wasn't wearing a top underneath, only a frilly bra. Her bra was quickly unclasped by the gloves, and removed. A few moments later, Regina was completely naked in front of the powerful woman controlling her.
"Now it's time for the money shot!" Elizabeth said to Regina, as the camera hovered off the tripod, levitated in closer to her, focusing on her breasts, and between her legs. "Show me what you're working with." Elizabeth smirked at her toy. Regina was forced to pose seductively, completely exposing her body for the magical camera in front of her. "This is awful, I can't believe she's making me do this!" Regina thought, knowing this time that Elizabeth would hear her. "It can't get much more demeaning than this!"
After what seemed like endless photos being taken, Elizabeth made all the camera equipment disappear, instantly saving the photos for later. "I think it's time for something even more entertaining, wouldn't you say Regina? I'll just assume you agree with me." Elizabeth said with a small laugh, listening to the muffled screams coming from Regina's mouth.
"Crawl to me on your hands and knees, and kiss both of my sneakers." Elizabeth's eyes glowed as she said her command, giving Regina no choice but to do as she was told. Regina got on all fours, and made her way over to where Elizabeth's sneaker clad feet rest on the ground. She looked up at Elizabeth, hoping she would change her mind, but Elizabeth did nothing stare expectantly at Regina. Seeing Elizabeth's eyes begin to glow a little brighter, Regina could feel Elizabeth's power forcing her to do her bidding more and more. Regina's lips met the toe of Elizabeth's right sneaker, but only for an instant.
"Oh come on, you can do better than that!" Elizabeth said, and Regina lowered her mouth back down to Elizabeth's sneaker, kissing it over and over. Elizabeth was enjoying this show of submission from her new toy. "Much better, but don't forget about my other sneaker!" Regina lifted her lips from the right sneaker, and leaned over to give Elizabeth's left sneaker the same attention.
"I've always had an affinity for women's feet. Yours are quite precious, I must say. I'm sure those socks smell quite a bit from being trapped in those stinky Ugg boots!" Elizabeth snapped her fingers again, commanding Regina to return to her spot on the couch, also to bring the magic gloves to her feet. She extended her feet out into the air in front of her, and a pillow from the couch flew out under them as a footrest, hovering in midair. The gloves each grabbed one of her sneakers, and took them off her tired feet. Once her shoes were off, the gloves began massaging her bare feet, rubbing out all the pain of being on her feet all day. "I was going to make you do this, but I have something else in mind. Something that will entertain me as I enjoy my foot massage!"
"Oh shit, what now?! Kissing her sneakers was enough! I don't want to get close to her disgusting feet!" Regina thought, forgetting this time that Elizabeth could hear her.
"Don't worry, you won't have to get close to my...delicious...feet, at least not yet!" Elizabeth said, pointing her finger at Regina's ugg boots on the ground. They rose up in the air, and Regina's socks hovered out of them, and filled to her proportions. The socks hovered over to Regina, who was commanded to lay on her back across the couch. Her socks then landed on her face, as if someone was standing there, and not just anyone, but Regina.
Regina felt as if an entire human form was crushing her face. She could feel the weight on top of her head. She could especially smell her socks, as they were right on top of her nose. She did all she could to not inhale her own foot stench, but it was no avail. "Don't be shy! Breathe in deep, and see how they smell!" Elizabeth said, only she wasn't suggesting.
Regina breathed in through her nose, smelling the odor coming from her socks, even though it was the last thing she wanted to do. She was disgusted by it, and just wanted this to end.
"You shouldn't have crossed me, dear! If you had been kinder to me, you would not be here right now, and I would probably be enjoying a nice bubble bath! You needed to be taught a lesson though, so here you are." Elizabeth said, a devilish look on her face.
As Regina was forced to smell her own socks as they stood on top of her, her Ugg boots hovered over to Elizabeth, and she was curious to see how they smelled. Regina's Ugg boots moved right up to Elizabeth's face, and she inhaled deeply, smelling the sweet scent of the gorgeous woman before her. "Oh god! These smell amazing! For such a rude girl, your feet smell amazing!" Elizabeth took a few more whiffs from Regina's uggs, and then they floated down to her lap, where they sat. Elizabeth used her magic to make them come alive. Elizabeth felt as if Regina was resting her ugg clad feet on her lap. She loved it, and wrapped her arms around the boots as they shifted her and there in her lap, mimicking Regina wiggling her toes and shifting her feet around.
Elizabeth pointed a finger at the socks resting on Regina's face, and applied the same magic to them. The socks began to act on their own, trampling over Regina's face, and playing with her lips with their toes. The right sock stood on her cheek, while the left stuck its toe into Regina's mouth, who was forced to open wide and accept it. She was then ordered to suck on her sock as it moved in and out of her mouth.
As the left sock was still busy at Regina's mouth, the right one levitated off her face, and hovered near her breasts. They began to toy with her nipples, which began to perk up. Elizabeth noticed this, and felt herself become aroused. "Enjoying this, are we?" All Regina could do in response was scream into the sock shoving its toe in her mouth. "Is that a yes? You want more, you say?" Elizabeth said, toying with Regina, and eliciting an even louder muffled scream from the woman.
"Well why didn't you say so earlier!" Elizabeth exclaimed, pretending to ignore Regina's second scream. Elizabeth waved a hand towards her sneakers resting on the ground, and they rose up in the air, moving towards Regina. Elizabeth loved these sneakers. They were red crushed velvet slip on sneakers, and had a 1 inch white platform sole. They were super cute, and she always received compliments when she wore them.
Regina's left sock took itself out of her mouth, and moved down to her crotch, where it began to rub its sole across her opening. Elizabeth's red sneakers took its place on her face. Elizabeth applied the same magic to them, to bring them alive, and watched as they trampled all over Regina's face. She was even forced to stick her tongue out and lick along the white soles of the red sneakers, much to her disgust. Elizabeth giggled and said, "Now that's what I'm talking about. How does that feel, you bitch? Is that degrading enough for you?" Elizabeth was happy with how things were going. Revenge was a dish best served cold.
After a little while, even if Regina wanted anything else but, she was nearing climax due to her sock continuously rubbing her clit. Elizabeth sensed this, and saw that Regina was disgusted by herself for even being aroused, so she decided to do Regina a favor, of sorts. "That's ok, you don't need to fret about getting turned on by all this! I've made it so that you can't have an orgasm! That should help!" Regina was on the verge of tears at this point, being forced to lick this powerful stranger's sneakers as her own socks pleasured her body. She was past her breaking point.
As Regina was controlled to kiss the soles of Elizabeth's red sneakers, the tears began to flow. She felt helpless in her own body, just along for the perverted, disgusting ride that this magical woman had set her on. If she could turn back time and do it all over again, she would. She would be kinder to this woman. She just wished there was a way for her to do that.
"And that's what I've been waiting for." Elizabeth said, satisfied. "I wanted to see what it would take before the regret set in. I am glad you feel remorse, and there is actually a way you can make amends!" Elizabeth waved her hand in Regina's direction, and her sneakers hovered away, and back down to the ground. Regina's socks lost their shape, and floated over onto the ground next to Elizabeth's sneakers. Regina looked hopeful as this all happened, and looked over to Elizabeth. "I'll just have to think about it for a while, but I should have an answer for you by tomorrow!"
Able to speak again, and regaining control over her body, Regina said, "So you're letting me go?!"
"Let you go?" Elizabeth rolled with laughter at that comment. "Why on Earth would I let you go?!"
"But you said I could make amends! I just want to make things right!"
"Oh you can my dear, but there is no chance in hell I am letting you go free! I just need tonight to think about how you will be punished for the rest of your life. That is how you will make amends!" Elizabeth smiled at Regina, who looked utterly distraught, tears beginning to well up in her eyes again. "Not to worry dear, it won't be that bad!"
Regina sniffled, and looked up at Elizabeth. "Really? Do you mean that?"  
"Nope! Not in the slightest!" Elizabeth snapped her fingers again, and Regina shrank to where she was only an inch high.
"What did you do to me??! Why the hell am I so small?!"
"That's because I shrank you my dear! I can't have you running off in the middle of the night!" Elizabeth looked at Regina, expecting her to understand how things were going to work. "Now tell me, what size shoe do you wear?"
"Um, I'm a six." Regina said, as she looked at her now tiny body, the tears continuing to run down her face.
"Hmm, that's no good, I'll have to change these." Elizabeth said as she looked down at Regina's ugg boots sitting in her lap. They hovered up from where they sat, and took on a reddish aura, as Elizabeth's eyes did the same. Regina's uggs grew in size to fit Elizabeth's size nine feet, and then lowered back down to her lap. "Much better, I'm sure you will enjoy your home for the night!" Elizabeth said, knowing that Regina would not enjoy herself at all tonight.
"My what?!? What the hell do you mean!" Regina said, as she felt her tiny body lift up into the air and off the couch.
"You'll be spending the night trapped in your uggs! I need to make sure you don't slip out into the middle of the night!" Elizabeth said, as Regina's small body hovered closer and closer to her ugg boots sitting on Elizabeth's lap.
"No fucking way! There is no way you're going to do that!" Regina screamed as she was only about a foot away from her uggs now.
"And how are you going to stop me sweetheart?" Elizabeth smiled, giggling at Regina. Regina kept protesting her new situation, but it was no help. She was magically lowered down in her right ugg boot, and levitated into the toe area. Her tiny body was then situated so that when she was lowered down to the soft insole of the boot, she was lying on her stomach, her face pressed against the smelly sheepskin of the insole. "There we go! Much better." Elizabeth snapped her fingers, and made the gloves still massaging her feet disappear, magically moved the pillow under her feet back to its spot on her couch, commanded her red velvet sneakers to float up into her closet, and made Regina's socks and other clothes disappear, for Regina would not be needing them anymore. Finally, Regina's magically resized ugg boots levitated up from Elizabeth's lap, and over to her feet. First, the left boot placed itself on her left foot, and then the right boot, with Regina inside it, moved itself onto her right foot.
Elizabeth could feel Regina beneath her feet, and it made her feel all powerful. She stood up from her chair, becoming aroused at the fact that she was now pushing Regina's face even farther into her boot's insole, as well as the fact that these uggs felt so comfortable on her feet. It was a good thing that Regina didn't need these anymore, because Elizabeth was in love with them. They were now hers.
Her eyes glowed red again, and her uggs lifted up off the floor. Her body moving through the air. She levitated through her house, up her stairs, and into her bedroom, where her bed was unmaking itself. All her pillows were moving off the bed, except for the one she slept with, and her blankets and comforter were pulling themselves back, making a nice spot for her on the bed. Snapping her fingers another time, her clothes disappeared off her body, and magically reappeared in their spots in her closet. Elizabeth then lowered her boots back down to the ground, then hopped in her bed, all of her blankets covering her up on their own. In the morning she would see how Regina liked being trapped in her uggs as she wore them, all night long. Elizabeth smiled as she drifted off to sleep, an idea popping into her mind as to what she would do with Regina. If spending the night in her uggs wasn't torture enough, what Elizabeth had in mind for Regina's true punishment was truly sadistic.