Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.
by FunKelly

Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.12

Miss Sullivan looked at me with an expression of approval, as Professor Akers asked me to come over and meet the three girls he was talking with. I joined him and the girls, when one of the asked, "What's it like?" I knew she meant, "What was it like to be naked in a room full of clothed people?', but felt awkward answering the question in front of Professor Akers.

As I considered my answer, Miss Sullivan called out, "Professor Akers. Are these paintings for sale?" The professor answered, "Yes Miss Sullivan. They start at $200.00, as he walked over to her, allowing me the opportunity to answer the girl's question honestly.

"Actually, I enjoy modeling", I answered. "It relaxes me. The way I see it, I can go to my job at the restaurant and run around like a crazy person for $14.00 an hour, or I can pose for $25.00 an hour, in the nice quiet setting of the classroom. The choice was always obvious to me.

The artists at the classes are all professionals. They don't look at you like, "The Naked Girl in the Room", instead they are focused on the lines and curves of your physique, and how to portray them on the canvas. Plus, it's gratifying when you see the art work that materializes from the sessions", as I looked around the exhibit, at the paintings of me, on display.

Miss Sullivan walked up to us, and said with great exuberance, "Karen. I just purchased one of your paintings!" Knowing they were not my paintings, I was just the model, I was still excited, when I asked, "Which one?". She pointed to a large painting that now had a 'SOLD" tag on it. I was sitting on a sofa, leaning back against the armrest. My right arm was resting on the top of the back cushions, while my right leg was bent at the knee, leaning against those same cushions, with my foot flat on the middle seat cushion.

My left leg was draped over the front of the middle seat cushion, with that foot placed firmly on the floor. My head was turned towards the artist, with my eyes looking down. It was unmistakable. The woman in the painting, was me. It was one of Professor Akers' paintings, that left nothing to the imagination. "It's going right over my mantle, as soon as I get it home", Miss Sullivan said. The idea of my naked body in such a prominent place in a college professor's home, was both flattering and humbling at the same time.

One of the other girls, asked, "What's the largest number of people you have ever posed for?" Although it was a half truth, if not an all out lie, I replied, "I posed for a class of thirteen, this past Wednesday". "And you're going to get naked in front of all these people?, she asked. Aren't you scared?", questioned the third girl, in a tone similar to the one used by Miss Sullivan, only twenty minutes before. Once again, all within earshot were now looking at me.

In an attempt to salvage a shred of my dignity, I took a page from Professor Akers' book, and casually replied, "Girls. You must first realize that 'Life Modeling' is an 'Art Form', not 'Pornography'. It's not something to be ashamed of, rather an artistic expression of which you can be proud. I might add that some of the finest and most valuable art works in the world, are images of the human form". It sounded good. Now if only I could convince myself.

I was unaware Miss Sullivan was listening in on my little speech, until she walked up, and said, "Karen. I had no idea how strongly you felt about your art form. I figured since the classes were small, you set aside any feelings of embarrassment you may have had, and posed to earn some extra money. After hearing how strongly you feel about your craft, I think you 'Should' pose at this exhibit. It's a great way to promote the 'Life Modeling' classes, and can help to further the curriculum".

'What time will you be posing?", she asked. Professor Akers replied, "10:00..12:00.. and.. 2:00". She winked, gave me a hug, told Professor Akers she would be back at the end of the day to pick up her painting, then walked away. Standing there, realizing my naked penalty would be imposed several times over the course of the day, I watched as any hope of rescue from Professor Akers' punishment, for my unruly behavior in his classroom, had vanished.

While trying to come to grips with my impeding doom, I saw three male and one female art student, I had posed for in some of Professor Akers' classes, walking towards the exhibit, carrying easels and canvases. Nicole was with them, carrying the art supplies. I asked, "What are you guys doing here?", when they came close enough. One of the guys said, "Hey Karen. professor Akers invited us. Were here to paint you".

I turned to the professor in disbelief, when he said, "I thought if we could replicate the classroom environment, it may help with enrolment". I then looked at Nicole, not sure of how to feel about her involvement. She shrugged her shoulders, then said, "I don't know Karen. When I got to the classroom to get the professor's glasses, they were packing up their stuff, and told me the professor said to give them a hand. So I did". That's when I heard an ominous reminder from the professor, "It's almost 10:00 Karen. You may remove your robe now".


Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.13

I looked to the large clock in the gymnasium, and saw it was 9:54 am. It was just like Professor Akers to have me disrobe five minutes before posing, but I figured I'd wait until it was 10:00, before exposing my naked flesh to the growing number of visitors, who had now congregated around the 'Life Modeling' exhibit. After the additional easels were in place, and the student artists were in position, I asked the Professor how he wanted me to pose.

He looked over his glasses at me, indicating for me to stop stalling, and remove my robe. Having the other artists, who I had previously modeled for, present at the exhibit, actually made my public nudity seem less daunting. The professor told me to lean on the stool, arms outstretched, keeping one foot placed firmly on the floor, while the other was placed on the foot rail of the stool, while turning my head to the left, looking behind me. I took a deep breath, removed my robe, and took the position, requested by the professor.

I was completely naked in "The Life Model' exhibit", located inside the larger college wide "Welcoming Event" Anyone who wanted to see me naked in public, and take some photos or short videos, was able to do so, just by visiting the exhibit, during one of the three hour long modeling sessions. It never occurred to me that hundreds of photos would be taken of me, as I leaned on the stool, with everything on display. It was so unnerving.

Having my head facing the visitors at the front exhibit increased my level of shame ten fold. Not only did I know they were all taking pictures of me in my naked state, but I had to watch as they took them. I tried to turn my eyes downward, but the indignity of my circumstances was overwhelming, no matter how professional the professor attempted to make the event seem.

The first twenty minutes seemed like a lifetime. Being so exposed to the many parents, students and teachers, especially those I would be spending my sophomore school year with, was disconcerting. Professor Akers indicated it was time for my break, so I immediately scanned the area for my robe. It was sitting on a chair in the corner of the exhibit, obstructed by the many visitors who had made their way into the exhibit, to view the partially completed paintings of the artists.

As I tried to make my way through the crowd of clothed visitors to get my robe, I came upon barrier after barrier, in the form of the spectators. Nicole recognized my plight, retrieved my robe and started to bring it to me. Professor Akers had other ideas, as he said, "Karen. Since each session is only and hour, not two, breaks will be limited to two minutes. You may re-take your position now". My ignominy was complete. I took my pose, as the artists continued painting, while I watched as the clicks of the cell phones seem to be deafening, if only to me.

I was trapped and completely surrounded, with no option but to stay in my pose and bare it. The second twenty minute session, followed by my two minute break, again without my robe, was emotionally excruciating. During the third twenty minute session, I closed my eyes and tried to tune out the expressions on the faces of those viewing my bare ass, tits and pussy. To my surprise, much of the chatter I was hearing, was actually about the 'Life Model' course and the displayed paintings of me, in the nude.

After the third session, Nicole handed me my robe, before Professor Akers could come up with some reason for me not to have the cover of the terry cloth material. It was 11:00 and I had an hour before my next modeling session. I spent the first 15 minutes answering questions along with Professor Akers and some of the student artists. It felt good to be focusing on the 'Life Modeling' class, rather than be consumed with the humiliation that came with Professor Akers' public debasement penalty, for my behavior in his classroom, earlier in the week.

The first of the three girls I had met earlier, the one who seemed to have a genuine interest in life modeling, walked up to me. She whispered in my ear, and asked, "Do you get horny up there, knowing everyone can see your pussy and your tits?" Her question stunned me, but I did not let on, as I pondered the inquiry. I had avoided asking myself that very same question, knowing I would most likely be afraid of my own answer.

When I pose, I always find a specific item to focus on, then think about upcoming tests, projects that are due, anything but being naked in front of the clothed artist, who were painting or drawing my naked form. It's the only way to cope with this highest level of public exposure. Now I had no item to focus on, no upcoming test to consume my thoughts, just the expressions of the dozens of spectators who had taken photos of my bare ass and clean shaven pussy, as I leaned on the stool, utterly exposed.

I could feel myself hesitating to answer, as I tightened the belt of the robe around my waist. I felt more vulnerable having only this one item of clothing to cover my nudity, than I was when I was naked between sessions. Still stalling, I turned to the girl, and asked, "What is your name?" She replied, "Lisa", before asking, "If I want to be a 'Life Model', what's my next step? Can I pose with you today?" I was taken back by the question, when Professor Akers heard our conversation, and walked up to us.

"Well young lady, this is hardly the venue for a novice model, but come see me in my class and I will arrange and audition with just a couple of artists, to be sure 'Life Modeling' is for you". Both, the professor and I observed that Lisa looked noticeably disappointed, as if she wanted to rip her clothes off, right there in the gymnasium. I figured she was just some slut, who wanted the attention and thrill of being naked among a crowd of clothed people, and gave no further consideration to her questions, while privately examining my own motives.

To my total dismay, I heard Professor Akers ask Lisa, "Young lady. Would you consider posing fully clothed with Karen in the next segment?" Before I could protest, Lisa responded to the professor's offer. "How about if I pose in my bra and panties? It would be the same as if I were wearing my bikini". I was in disbelief as I watched Professor Akers actually consider the little tramp's counter offer. When he looked over his glasses at her, and said, "Mmmm. Lisa this event is an opportunity for us to increase registrations in the "life Model' course. You must be sure". "I am", she replied with great confidence.

"Karen. Come here please", were the professor's next instructions. Afraid to bring down any additional wrath he may be harboring, on myself, I shut my mouth and walked to where the two were standing. "Yes professor", I said, still tightening the belt on my robe. "Karen please have a seat, facing me", he said, while tapping the seat cushion of the stool. I almost died when I realized he was going to have me pose, facing the front of the exhibit, on display to all the visitors and spectators who happened to be passing by.

I did as instructed, and took a seat on the stool. He told me to place one foot on the floor and the other on the foot rail of the stool. He then instructed me to place my hands on my thighs, and look straight ahead, which I did without objection. He then directed Lisa to stand on my right, facing me. "Now fold your arms and lean over on Karen's shoulder", he said. "Now, place your mouth to her ear, as if you are telling her a secret", he continued. I just sat on the stool, hoping this day would be over soon.

Professor Akers stood back, and said, "That's perfect ladies. When we return at noon, you will both take those positions, thank you", then wandered off. Worried I might upset the apple cart, so to speak, I told Lisa I would rejoin her at noon, then made my way over to Nicole. Lisa's friends seemed astounded that she wanted to pose in such a public event, wearing nothing but her bra and panties. I overheard her say to them, "Relax guys. Karen will be the one totally naked, I'll be an afterthought. Besides, it'll be a bit exhilarating, I would imagine". I KNEW IT! The tawdry slut was only posing to get a cheap thrill.

It was now 11:30, and I needed to get away from the exhibit for a while. The student artists were more than capable of answering any questions the visitors may have, and I needed to distance myself from Lisa for a bit. She was making a mockery of the 'Life Model' exhibit and the course, as far as I was concerned. Nicole joined me as we ventured to the snack bar for a drink. I was constantly fearful that my robe may fly open, or even worse, I might pull it open myself.

After only a few sentences of conversation with Lisa, she had me second guessing my own motivation for life modeling. "Was it the extra money? Did I truly appreciate the art form itself? Or was I just like her. A trashy slut who got off showing her naked body to complete strangers?", I thought to myself. I shook off the idea, tightened the belt of my robe to the point where I could barely breathe, and asked Nicole, "What do you think of Professor Akers allowing someone with no experience, pose at the exhibit?" Nicole just shrugged off the question, as we arrived at the snack bar.

Remembering I had no money with me, I turned to Nicole and asked her if I could pay her back for my drink, when we got back to the classroom later. "Of course you can owe me, Karen. I wouldn't have it any other way". "What does that mean?", I asked. Nicole just smiled, and said, "Relax Karen. I know posing nude in such a public environment was not your idea, but you need to chill out girl". I knew she was right. I had to pull myself together. After all, I had two more sessions to pose for, one of which would be with the college's newest little slut.

We made it back to the exhibit with about ten minutes remaining until 12:00. I just rolled my eyes when I saw Lisa was already stripped down to her bra and panties, getting some last minute instructions from Professor Akers. If only he knew the little tramp was doing this for the attention and a cheap thrill. "Karen. Just take it easy and get this next session over with. If the little whore wants to expose herself in public, what do you care? You're the professional here", I thought to myself.

Down to six minutes until noon, I noticed two things. One, the exhibit was busier than when Nicole and I had left for the snack bar. The other, well Professor Akers was looking at me over his glasses, indicating he wanted me to remove my robe and take my place on the stool. Knowing I had time left until noon, but not wanting to be outdone by Lisa, I quickly removed the robe, handed it to Nicole, and walked my naked ass through the clothed audience, to the stool in the center of the exhibit. I took my pose and focused my attention forward, as I had been instructed.

Taking some artistic license, I placed my right foot a few inches further to the right, allowing and unobstructed view of my bald pussy lips, as the view of my tits was already unimpeded. Fortunately, the large clock in the gymnasium was in my sights, and made a good focal point. Lisa took her position, leaned on my shoulder, and placed her lips right up next to my right ear. The artists took their positions, as I focused on the clock, while Lisa's warm breath in my ear was a bit distracting, if not a little sensuous.

Ten minutes into the first segment of my second modeling session, I felt the hair on the back of my neck stand up, as Lisa whispered into me ear, "This is so erotic. I think I have a wet spot on my panties. How do you keep your composure knowing everyone can see passed your smooth pussy lips, right into your vagina? You are a true professional, Karen". I had no idea what to do! I lost my focus on the clock, and only saw the faces of those who had a view of my bald pussy lips and the inside of my vagina, according to Lisa. My breathing became labored, as I desperately tried to regain my composure.

Lisa was silent for the remaining ten minutes of the segment, as I had finally regained my focus on the clock. When our break arrived, I stood up, took her hand and led her to the corner of the exhibit. Not wanting to make a scene, I whispered in her ear in a demanding tone, "What are you doing?" She gave me the most innocent, yet phony smile, and replied, "What?" "You know what", I said, again whispering in her ear. "I was just trying to pay you a complement, Karen", she replied. "Well keep your comments to yourself", I demanded, realizing I had used up one of the two minutes we had for break, so putting on my robe was futile.

I headed for the stool to take my position, when Professor Akers stopped me. "Karen. If you do well today, I plan on making you 'Lead Life Model' for the upcoming year. You will make additional money for posing, along with being paid to mentor our novice models. Your responsibilities would include recruitment, along with teaching the girls how to overcome their anxiety about posing in the nude. It would mean about an extra $200.00 a month for you. Think about it", he said, as he instructed me to retake my position.

"$200.00 a month!", I thought to myself. I know it's not a lot of money to some people, but to me, it was the difference between Ramen Noodle and spaghetti and meatballs. I almost forgot I was naked, as I thought about what a difference the money could make in my day to day college life. After taking my place on the stool, I looked at Lisa, and quietly said, "Lisa. I have an opportunity for advancement here. Please don't distract me while we pose. I want to thank you for your compliment, and apologize for my outburst earlier. I know this is your first time, and it can be exciting, but please remain silent while we are posing". She nodded, then we took our positions for the second segment, of my second session of the day.



