It was Father's Day.  Money had been tight around the house, hell around the country. Everyone knows the economy is in the toilet.  So much so that my wife had invited a friend of her's from school to stay with us for a little while.

Now I know what you are thinking - I couldn't resist her charms and.....Well, you are wrong. I had no interest in her what so ever.

My wife and I are a former military couple. It's only been a few years so we are still in decent shape.  She looks phenomenal.  Like the day I met her, no joke.  We have several small children but she has always maintained a great figure.  When she was pregnant her figure remained so that you couldn't tell she was pregnant when you saw her from behind.  Truth is that's what her friends tell her, I wouldn't know because if I'm seeing her from behind my focus is only on her ass. Luscious, scrump-delicious in fact.  I love her ass period.

So back to my wife and her friend.  She has known her for sometime and they are best friends.  They share everything, well almost, but they are very close.  Until recently I didn't realize just how close.

I was at an appointment waiting when the lady at the desk told me "Sir, I'm sorry but the doctor had a family emergency and had to leave." So I did the only thing I could.  I went home.  I was so angry, I hate when they act like we work for them somehow.  

Anyway, I got home still a little wound up.  I didn't notice my wife and her friends car in the driveway as I stomped into the house.  I didn't say hi, see anyone or hear anything.  That is until I started up the stairs to my room.

I was heading up the stairs when I heard what I thought was whispering. Not thinking anyone was home I was sure we were being robbed.  I clamly walked towards the door. I kept a baseball bat just behind the door and was sure I could get to it quickly.

As I got to the door I heard the voices more clearly and was certain I'd heard my wife say "Oh yes". Needless to say I was just a little bit stunned.  However!!  I have to admit I was instantly in a better mood and getting hotter by the minute (but in a good way).

As I slowly opened the door I saw my wife's friend coming up from between her heavenly thighs.  I could smell the sweet sweet smell of my wife's pussy.  The nectar was to die for and I was often willing to beg if it would result in my eating her pussy to orgasm. 

I got a hold of myself and noticed they were now kissing.  They were giving me the most wonderfully erotic display of french kissing between God's sexy creations.  I always knew she was a slice of heaven just for me, but I had no problem sharing her at this moment.

I watched as they went about like I wasn't there. I know they had seen me by now because my wife had glanced in my direction and mouthed the words "Get naked" to me.  In a flash I was naked.  I walked around the bed and caressed my wife. Her back and of course her perfect ass.  I kissed the back of her neck and side of her face.  Just then I heard a whisper, "Fuck me now" and it was followed by "Sweetie be nice, he just got here - help him get warmed up.....or I will."

My wife replied, "You are so right, but if anyone is going to suck that cock hard it's going to be me."

Right then, my wife turned around and kissed me like she had been kissing her friend.  She grabbed me around the neck and just kissed me like she hadn't seen me in weeks.  She kissed me and worked my cock up and down, around and around....not too soft and not too hard. It just grew and grew and grew until it was leaking pre-cum from the tip.  I surprised when my wife wiped the tip of my cock with her fingertip and brought it to her lips. She suckled the end of her finger like it was her favorite flavor of ice cream.    Words cannot express the size of my ego at that moment.  To know my wife thought of my cum like a special dish served warm just for her - I would have changed my name to Zeus right then if I could have. It was incredible and more so knowing that we were just getting started.  

Just as she left me with that surge of feeling, she swung her body around and began kissing her friend once again. Her friend, who was caressing her back and ass the whole time my wife was giving me attention, just seemed to melt in her hands.

More accurately I should say "Hand".  She actually was holding her friend with one hand while the other reached behind her and guided my cock to her sweet wet heavenly pussy.  I slid in easily past her tasty lips and remember me that there is a God. 

I just worked my cock in and out while listening to the sacred song of my wife moaning in ecstasy.  Whether it was from her friend, me or a combination I didn't care. It's like worrying about how you got to see a legend perform - you really only care about the performance - the details can matter later.  Am I wrong?

So the performance played. I watched something of a masterpiece as I fucked in and out of my wife's silken pussy lips, feeling the warmth that is she in between.  I watched her lick her friends pussy from top to bottom and moan while she asked me for "More, More", "Harder, Harder".  It was almost too much and I began to feel the tell tale signs of an explosion.

I said, "Oh yea Baby lick that pussy, I'm gonna cum hard".  I felt the gush of cum rise in the depths of my balls and I fucked her slow then hard, slow than hard. Wishing to God I could hold off cumming longer and longer, until I felt it reach its limit.

Just as I hollered out "Here it CUMMMMS!"  I felt my wife spin around like when we first met and take the head of my cock in her mouth. She took all the cum I could gather strength to share and held it in her mouth. She sucked the last few drops out and bobbed up and down a few times just to hear me whine.  Releasing me from that terrible pleasure, she turned to her friend and shared the treasure she was holding.  She kissed her and kissed her all the while finishing her friend off with her fingers.  Having already cum twice before I got home she was more than happy just pleasuring us to explosion.  Her friend yelled out and it seemed that she was consenting to a permanent position of submission to my wife. It was hotter than I could write it so you'll have to just imagine that part.  

All in all it was a day I could never forget.  I just laid there worn out and wanting more in some crazy haze of sexual satisfaction.  I looked at my wife who looked as beautiful as ever and felt my chest rise and fall like some kind of King or Demigod.  I don't think heaven could feel better than that.

My wife just smiled while blotting the sweat on her forehead.  She slide over next to me gave me a huge hug, kiss on the lips - soft and sensual. She pulled her head back a little and with a smile that was absolutely indescribable, she said "Happy Father's Day My Love, may the coming months and years, bring dirty pleasures that you never dreamed you'd experience."


Please feel free to provide feedback via the link below or email me at leostyles69@gmail.com

http://www1.asstr.org/cgi-bin/ah_feedback.cgi?id=ZEKJUUDLMQXLKRTDABRY