Megan's ENF At Adult Store
by psullivan22222

Megan's ENF At Adult Store Ch. 06

Megan's ENF at Adult Store - Day 04 (stripclub)

Megan woke up. The first thing she realized was that her hand was between her legs, her fingers softly rubbing her clit. The second thing she realized was that she was very wet. And the third thing she realized was that she still had dry cum all over her body. The images from yesterday flashed in her mind. José fingers in her ass, the glory hole, all those cocks. She could still remember the taste of all that cum. She wet her lips and moved her tongue around her mouth, reminiscing of when it was full of cock. The memories were turning her on. All those men desiring her, lusting over her. They needed her. They wanted her. She made all those cocks hard with her body, with her wet lips. Megan's nipples hardened and she could feel herself getting more wet. She desperately wanted to keep playing but José and Lauren were very specific that sluts needed to stay horny. Frustrated, Megan pulled her hand away from her pussy. She went about her morning routine of showering, brushing her teeth, doing her nails and makeup.

She stood naked in front of her closet and thought about what she wanted to wear. This would be her 4th day at work. The days have been progressively getting more and more wild, and she knew she was addicted. She loved it. She loved the attention, and the lust, and how it made her feel. She knew she had to have more.

Megan critically assessed her closet. There was no longer any doubt. This was a stripper's closet. Megan selected a sleeveless, pink lace mini dress. It was the type of dress that strippers wore in between their pole routines when they walk around the club trying to entice men to pay for a private dance. This dress is usually worn with panties, but Lauren was so critical last time. Megan decided that it was better not to risk getting criticized again, so she decided to wear the lace dress with no panties and no bra. Megan rationalized that so many people have already seen her naked, it didn't really matter. And, her regular panties are so small, that it was basically the same as not wearing any, anyways. She paired the dress with a pair of high heel stripper heels.

Megan was in the hallway of her apartment building, waiting for the elevator. She was on her way to work. Steve, her next-door neighbor, was leaving at the same time.

"Hey Megan....holy shit. Damn. What are you wearing?"

Megan just smiled. "Do you like it? I just bought it. I have to wear sexy outfits for work."

"I love it. You look unbelievable." responded Steve.

"Thank you."

"What kind of work do you do? Like stripper or escort."

"It was a fair question given how she was dressed" thought Megan to herself.

"No, I work in the adult toy store - the adult emporium" explained Megan.

"Yeah. ok. That's cool. But do you also like work hourly. Can I pay you?" asked Steve fumbling with the words.

"What do you mean. Pay for what?"

"I mean. The way you are dressed. Aren't you an escort and that story about the adult store is just like a cover story. If you tell me how much you charge? I can totally pay."

"You want to have sex with me and pay for it" asked Megan her tone a mix of shock and surprise.

"Oh, sorry. I don't know how this works. I've never hired an escort before. Do you have like a menu with prices?" asked Steve.

Megan felt like she should be furious to be mistaken for a hooker. She wasn't a hooker or a prostitute or a stripper or a whore or whatever other name they go by. She felt like she should be angry and tell Steve to go fuck himself.

Instead, she found herself playing along. "I don't have a menu. But what would you like to do, and how much would you pay for me?"

Megan couldn't believe it. She was actually discussing a price for herself. She was actually going to put a price on how much each of her holes was worth. She could feel her pussy getting wet, her cheeks flush, her nipples hardening.

Steve thought about it - looking Megan up and down, checking out the merchandise. "How do I know what I am paying for. What if your pussy is like really used and loose."

Megan felt indignant. "My pussy is not loose. It's the best pussy you've ever seen. It's so tight and always wet. Look. " Megan pulled the front of her dress up, exposing her pussy to Steve. She then used her fingers to spread her pussy lips open, showing Steve how wet and tight she was.

Steve stood there for a few moments staring at Megan's pussy.

"Yeah, you win. Your pussy is really nice" responded Steve, and then after thinking for another second continued. "But, what about your ass. What if I want to fuck you in the ass, and your ass is not nice. "

"Oh yeah" responded Megan. "Watch this". Her dress was already around her waist. She turned around, bent at her waist, spread her legs, and then used her arms to spread her ass cheeks, showing her asshole and gaping pussy to Steve. Megan crammed her head back to see Steve's reaction.

Steve just stared at her perfect ass and pussy. After a few moments, he recovered. "Ok, fine, they are both amazing, but what about your tits."

Megan gave Steve a sexy smile, enjoying the little game. She turned back to face him and lowered the front of her dress, letting her tits spill out. Her dress was now just around her waist. Megan's tits and pussy were completely on display.

Steve walked up to Megan and gave each tit a squeeze. Megan just smiled, not making any move to stop him.

He then lowered his hand and felt her pussy and her wetness. He played a little with her clit, and then slipped a finger inside her. Megan moaned from the penetration, but stood still, letting Steve do anything he wanted.

Steve moved his finger around but kept it insider her.

"Do you think $100 is too much" asked Steve, while starting to move the finger in and out. Megan's pussy was making wet slushing sounds with every thrust.

Megan couldn't answer. She just put her hand against Steve's shoulder to steady herself, afraid that her legs would give out.

"Maybe $50, or is that too much also? How much do whores charge," asked Steve casually, while continuing a slow and methodical thrusting in and out.

Megan was so close. She just needed him to go faster and harder. She needed his fingers deeper. She tried to move her hips to meet his fingers, trying to get him to increase his motion and depth.

"You're right. $50 is too much. Maybe whores charge $50, but you are not a whore, Megan"

The elevator door opened. Thankfully it was empty. After a few seconds, the door closed. They missed their elevator.

Steve just continued moving his finger in and out, not letting Megan change speed nor depth, leaving her frustrated.

"You are a slut, and sluts are cheap," continued Steve.

He pushed his finger all the way insider her, and kept it there without moving.

"I will pay $5 for all your holes. I will use them anyway that I want for as long as I want."

Steve finally pulled his finger out. He took out his wallet and took out a $5 dollar bill. He used the bill like a tissue and wiped Megan's pussy with it. He then pushed the wet bill into her mouth.

"After work, come to my apartment. I'll see you later."

Megan stood a little dazed as Steve left through the staircase. Still very horny and frustrated that she was so close. "So, that's what her holes are worth. She sold herself for $5" thought Megan.

After a few moments of being in a daze, Megan finally took out the bill from her month. Carefully unfolded it and put it in her purse. She, then re-arranged the dress, putting it back in place, covering her tits and pussy with the lacy material.

The rest of her trip was eventful. She arrived in the store. Lauren was there to greet here.

"Megan. I am so glad to see you. I love this outfit. I see you took my advice about no bra. Great job. Excellent listening skills. "

Megan just smiled from the compliment. Happy to have Laurens appreciation.

Lauren continued. "Megan, I need your help. You don't know this, but our biggest investor is the same person that owns that strip club down the block. And, he needs more girls working the floor today. I actually already sent José over there to help manage all the extra girls. "

"I guess it sounds like he is your pimp today," laughed Lauren at her own joke.

Megan wasn't sure she wanted to actually work as a stripper. It was one thing to dress like one, but actually working at a strip club just seemed too much.

"Can I just work here today?" asked Megan.

"This is exactly what I am trying to teach you and why we have the probation and the tasks. You can't be afraid of your sexuality. It's not what our brand is about, and I don't think that's who you are, either."

Megan just nodded.

"Have fun. Don't forget. You are representing our brand at the club."

Megan agreed, left the store, and walked the short distance down the block to the strip club. The club was nicer, even classier, than Megan imagined. This was her first time inside a strip club.

José saw Megan as soon as she walked in.

"Megan. I am so glad you made it. We are really swamped here. This floor is the green zone. It's open to the public, and upstairs is the blue zone, which is for private members only. For now, just see if anyone wants a lap dance. Lap dances are for one song for $15. I'll let you know when it's your turn to dance on stage. And, if you are good, then you'll go into the blue zone with the vips."

Megan just nodded to everything that José was explaining. "She was just helping. She wasn't a stripper." thought Megan to herself.

Megan started walking around the floor like José told her.

She walked up to the first person. He seemed like similar age. He had some friends with him. "Excuse me. Would you like a lap dance." asked Megan using her most ditzy sounding voice.

"I am good. I am just watching that girl on stage. Try my buddies, maybe one of them wants one. "

Megan was a bit shocked to be rejected. She turned to his buddies and got the same replies from them.

"Damn. This is going to be harder than I thought." said Megan to herself.

Megan tried a few more people but got rejected. Some people said that they were watching the girl on stage, others said they didn't feel like it, and one guy said that he already got one.

Megan walked deeper into the club. She walked up to the next table, and started to repeat her offer and when realized who was sitting in front of her.

"Hi, would you like a lap... shit, Rachel". Her best friend Rachel and her boyfriend were sitting at the table, equally surprised to see Megan offering a lap dance to them.

"Meg - you are a stripper," asked Rachel excited and surprised. "When did this happen?"

"I am not a stripper. I am just helping out. I work at that adult toy store down the block. They were just short staffed today, so they asked me to help out. "

"I see. Do your parents know that you are a stripper?" continued Rachel.

"I am not a stripper."

"Ok, ok. I am sorry. I am just playing with you. I'll take that lap dance you were offering, thou."

Megan looked around, and saw José watching her. "She had no way out. She had to do it - or she would get in trouble" thought Megan.

"It has come to this. She was going to give a lap dance to her best friend Rachel."

Megan moved closer to Rachel, and straddled her high. Rachel wore a summer dress. So when Megan straddled her thigh, Megan's naked pussy directly touched Rachel's skin.

Megan moved herself back and forth, grinding herself against Rachel's thigh. Rachel just watched her, a smile frozen on her face.

After a few minutes, Megan changed position. She turned her back to Rachel, and lowered herself into her lap, and started grinding her ass into Rachel's lap.

The song ended, and Megan got up, and turned to look at Rachel.

"Megan, my leg is wet from your pussy. Damn girl. You're like a slut. You are really enjoying this."

Megan stood there, humiliated, and incredibly turned on.

"I want another lap dance. But, next time you need to strip. The lap dances here are in the nude." said Rachel.

Megan wasn't sure that was true. She looked around, but didn't see anyone else completely nude. Just the girl on stage was topless and her nipples were covered with pasties. Everyone else seemed to be fully covered.

The next song was already starting, Megan didn't have enough time to ask anyone, and José would not like her dithering, either.

Megan spread Rachel's feet apart, which caused Rachel's skirt to ride up and expose her pink Victoria Secret panties. Rachel just watched Megan do it, not taking any action to stop her. Megan moved in between Rachel's legs, standing close in front of her and facing her. Megan slowly removed each strap of her dress and let the dress slide off, leaving her naked. Megan then straddled Rachel's hips and started a slow grind against the fully dressed Rachel.

As Megan was grinding against her, Rachel slipped her hand to her front. Megan's pussy was now rubbing against Rachel's hand, allowing Rachel to slide her fingers inside Megan. Megan just pressed harder, causing Rachel's fingers to go deeper.

Megan was still grinding against Rachel after the song ended. It was only when she heard José voice did she snap out of her horny daze.

"Megan, there is no nudity on this floor. Come with me. I will take you into the blue zone. It's full nudity there. "

José took Megan by the hand, pulling her off Rachel, and started walking through the club, pulling naked Megan behind him.

José led her through the club, and then up the stairs. The room was smaller than the club downstairs - and had the same comfortable chairs surrounding a central stage. There were maybe 20 people there, a mix of women and men. Some of the men had semi naked and even naked girls sitting next to them.

Without stopping, José led Megan right on stage.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, I would like to introduce to you our new blue zone star. This is Megan. And she is submissive. So, you will need to tell her what to do." José gave a big wink to the audience, which caused a round of laughter.

Megan became aware that there was a naked man that was now standing behind her. She felt his hands on her back, pushing her to bend over. And, then she felt his hands on her inner thighs, spreading her legs wider.

José continued talking as if nothing was happening. "This is Megan's first time. Lets say she is a virgin." José paused for a effect. "I don't mean virgin. With a pussy like that, she is not a virgin, let's be honest, folks". This caused another round of laughter.

"This is Megan's first time performing for us. So, let's make her feel welcome and give her a round of applause." This caused a rumble of applause and whistles.

Megan felt the strangers cock starting to slide into her sloppy wet pussy. His hand was pulling her hair, pulling her head back, forcing her to look directly at the audience as the stranger's cock slowly pushed deeper inside her.

She was on stage, naked, bent at the waist, head pulled up by her hair, tits hanging, legs spread, as she was being slowly fucked. The stranger got to his desired depth, then started to a slow methodical fucking, pulling almost out, and then slowly pushing deeper in. His pace was slowly increasing, moving faster, harder, and deeper, until he was slamming into Megan with all his force, causing her tits to fly wildly. He held her hair, forcing her to look at the audience.

Megan could feel her orgasm building. She could feel it all over her body, building, growing. There was no way to stop it. The relentless fucking was pushing her forward. Her legs were becoming weaker, she could feel her nerve endings becoming alive, little spasms starting to build. The stranger never slowed, just kept his relentless hard fucking, pushing hard, and deep, maintaining a fast constant, relentless pace. The audience was watching her, knowing what was coming.

Megan couldn't stop it. He entire body spasm uncontrollably. The stranger grabbed her body so she wouldn't fall down, holding her up, continuing to fuck her through the orgasm. Megan couldn't support her legs, her muscles tight from the orgasm, her nerve endings alive. It was the biggest orgasm she ever had. It was in front of an audience; by a guy she didn't even know his name or event what he looked like. She only intimately knew his cock, and how it felt inside her.

It took Megan a few minutes to recover, to be able to stand on her own legs. The stranger never stopped fucking her, nor change his pace, continuing his relentless deep thrusts. He grabbed her hair again, pulling her head back, forcing her to look at everyone, to see their eyes, watching her. Megan felt her next orgasm starting to build. She had no control. The waves were larger, more intense. Megan felt like she would pass out from the intensity. The stranger never slowed, never cared. His thrusts, deep, hard, methodical, consistent. She could feel him deep inside her. With every thrust her tits were swinging, her entire body slammed forward, and then slammed again, and again.

Megan's orgasm hit hard. She felt her knees weaken. The stranger grabbed hold of her and lifted her up. Her legs were off the floor. She was literally dangling on his cock. He kept fucking her as Megan's entire body spasm, her legs dangling in the air.

Megan had one more full body orgasm before the stranger was done with her. He finally pulled out. Megan collapsed on the floor beside him. Her muscles tensed up; her nerve endings continued to have mini spasms. Megan finally looked up at the face of the man that's been fucking her for the last hour. He wore a bull mask with large horns. He was standing over her. His hard cock pointing straight at her. Megan sat up and moved herself closer to his cock. Her lips wrapping around his

hard dick wet from her juices. She started sucking his cock and messaging his balls with her hand. It didn't last long before she tasted him. Finally tasting the man that was just recently inside her.

The stranger left the stage leaving Megan there along and naked. José soon joined her on stage. "Ladies and Gentlemen, let's give another round of applause for Megan. Great performance. Megan, please give a bow. "

José pulled Megan up to standing position by her hand. And Megan, numbly bowed to the audience as instructed.

After another round of applause died down, José turned to Megan.

"You were really wonderful. Great performance. I want to introduce you to someone." José turned to a Japanese man in a dark suit, and a young Japanese woman in a short miniskirt style kimono.

"This is Hirai-san. He is one of our elite members, and his translator Miko. Haira-san has purchased you for the rest of the evening. "

Megan just looked from Hirai-san to Miko, and then at José. Not certain what just took place and how she should react. They were all fully dressed. And, she was standing there, naked, her pussy clearly wet, and a little gaping from the hard fucking. She still had a lingering taste of cum in her mouth. And, now she was being told that Hira-san has purchased her.

Miko spoke next, while presenting to Megan, a little silk pink choker. "You will wear this as a sign of your acceptance."

Megan took the little silk choker, and put it on, noticing that Miko was wearing an identical one.

Hirai led Megan to the couch facing the stage. Hirai said something in Japanese to Megan after they were seated, and Miko translated. "Hirai-san said that you will enjoy the show. The next girl is going to be fucked by two bulls at the same time. "

Hirai continued speaking in Japanese, and Miko translated.

"He says that you will sit next to him. You will spread your legs, and you will finger your pussy while watching the show. "

Megan couldn't believe what she was being asked. "He wants me to masturbate here!? while watching a girl get banged?" asked Megan looking from Miko to Hirai.

Miko didn't translate, she just continued. "Hirai-san says you are a slut, and that's how sluts act."

Megan's clit was so sensitive. She could still feel little post orgasmic spasms rippling through her nerves. She was afraid if she started playing with herself then she would definitely orgasm. "God, it would be so humiliating to orgasm, while masturbating watching another girl getting fucked and in public." She could feel herself getting turned on again, could feel her juices starting to flow.

Megan spread her legs, and moved her hand between her legs, and slowly and gently started to make little circles around her clit with her fingers.

Hirai was watching her. The girl on stage was getting ready for her fucking. Her breasts were similar to Megan's. The girl was definitely turned on. Megan could see her pussy glistening, her nipples harden. The girl had this inward lustful look in her eyes. This girl couldn't wait to get a hard cock inside her.

The girl was bent at the waist as the two guys took each side of her. She was bouncing back and forth between the guy fucking her mouth, and the guy fucking her pussy. Her moaning sounds muffled by the cock in her mouth.

Megan slid a finger insider herself, and started a rhythmic slow pumping. She was so wet. Megan's eyes were glued to the scene in front of her. The girls breasts were flying from side to side with every hard thrust. Megan could see the girls leg twitching - and orgasm rippling through her.

Megan slipped a second finger insider herself, starting to pump her pussy faster. The wet splashing sounds becoming more prominent. Megan felt Miko's hand on her breast, starting to massage it, slowly making her way to Megan's hard nipple.

José came on stage - he momentarily locked eyes with Megan and then continued speaking with the audience - asking the audience if they should bring the third bull on stage. "The girl has 3 holes, but only 2 cocks, so that wasn't fair" said José.

The audience whistled and clapped and cheered. The third bull came on stage. It was difficult for Megan to read the girls reaction when she saw the third guy. Megan couldn't imagine what it would feel like to have all her holes filled, to be so used.

Megan could feel her orgasm starting to build. Miko's fingers found her nipple and gently started to squeeze it. The girl on stage was rearranged. Her ass was now positioned for the third bull. The girl moaned loudly into the cock in her mouth - as the guy pushed into her ass. Megan's orgasm hit her hard. Miko's fingers squeezed hard on Megan's nipple at the same moment. Megan couldn't suppress a moan, her body once again succumbing to an orgasm.

The guys on stage were finished too. They all came inside the girl, filling all her holes with cum. The girl on stage stood up, standing a little wobbly. There was cum clearly leaking out of her ass and down her leg. Jose asked the audience to clap and the girl took a bow like Megan did. Her tits hanging down when she bent for her bow.

Megan realized the indecent way she was sitting. Her legs were spread wide open, and she absent mindlessly had two fingers insider her pussy. She quickly moved her hand out and closed her legs.

José on stage was introducing the final act. The next girl was going to perform bukkake with 5 bulls. "The girl had small tits but her body was so toned, like a gymnast. This girl clearly exercised and probably did yoga." thought Megan.

Hirai was saying something in Japanese to her. Megan looked at Hirai, and then to Miko for translation.

"While the girl on stage will get bukkake, Hirai-san will give you a small bukkake."

Megan looked to Hirai. He was fumbling with his belt, and zipper. In a few minutes, his cock was out. He looked at Megan, waiting expectantly for her to start.

Megan lowered her head to his cock. She kissed his tip, licked his shaft, and then started socking his cock. She could see the girl on stage doing the same but with 5 cocks, moving from cock to cock.

Hirai was so close. She could feel him tense up. Miko grabbed Megan's hair and pulled her off Hirai's cock. Hirai used that moment to grab his cock and direct it at Megan's face. He gave his cock a few pumps and Megan felt his cum hit her face. The girl on stage was also getting cum. The bulls stood over her - aiming their cocks at the girl.

Hirai straighten up. He said something in Japanese and then gave a deep bow to Megan.

Miko translated and then also bowed deeply to Megan.

"Hirai-san is very thankful for the wonderful time you provided him. He is very impressed by your confidence and your sexuality. He is honored that you did all these things for him and wishes that you would allow him to spend time again with you."

Megan not knowing how to respond, just bowed back. Her tits hanging down, and then swinging a bit as she straightened up.

Miko continued. "Hirai-san would also like you to keep the cum on his face for today as a sign of respect for him."

Megan just bowed again.



