Two thousand years ago, it had been ensnared by mighty sorcery, its prison
sealed within the Earth.  The most powerful mystics of the age had set off
a volcano to make very sure of its confinement, burying a decadent city in
molten rock.  Unscathed by this assault, its alien mind roamed places
beyond the ken of mortals, eluding the tedium of imprisonment.

Its consciousness was dragged back to its physical form.  Voices called
out excitedly, in a language at once familiar and unfamiliar.  It reached
out, inspecting the minds of those who had just unearthed its prison,
absorbing the changes of language that had passed.  "Italians", the people
of the surrounding country now called themselves, and they - and their
foreign guests - seemed most excited to have dug up the ruins of old
Pompeii.

Its prison was lifted, and battered about.  For a time, it perceived
itself to be travelling by sea, and then it was installed in a great
building filled with the detritus of dead civilisations.  It extended its
awareness, examining the things that surrounded it.  It found the cuneiform
tablets of Sumer, the ancient papyri of Egypt, and things of later cultures
that had risen, and fallen, in the time since its imprisonment.

It found also a great number of people milling about, admiring these things
with neither understanding nor respect.  It cast about, searching for a mind
with a spark of the gift, a mind that it might bend to its will and thus
achieve liberation from its stony prison.

At long last, it found a mind that seemed to possess some potential.  She
came from a land of which it had heard little, called "Nihon" by its people
and "Japan" by foreigners.  The gift glimmered dimly, as if being slowly
crushed by the materialist mundanity of the world in which she dwelled, yet
still it remained.  The prisoner reached out to the young woman, gently
searching through her mind.

It sifted through her fantasies, startled at their curious nature, and
then it spoke in her mind, presenting in her mind's eye an image pilfered
from her most depraved fantasies, a thing of numberless writhing tentacles.
"I seek my freedom from this accursed stone prison that the Romans put me
in," it whispered to her. "I know your deepest desires, and I can bring
them into being."

It felt her fear.  She screamed with terror in the midst of the crowded
building - a "museum", it had gleaned from the minds that surrounded it - 
and it felt a hubbub of concerned minds approaching her.  It spoke again,
perceiving the flicker of the gift growing brighter as she was inescapably
confronted with true reality.

"I can fill you.  I can give you power.  I can make you a queen, a ruler
among these mundane vermin.  You will be feared and adored.  Those who
surround you will worship you as a goddess, and you will have power over
their hearts and minds."

She answered in thought, not daring to speak. "W-What are you?"

"I am that which is imprisoned.  Speak the words that will release me,
call me forth with the passion of your speech, and I shall gift you as I
have promised."

"What words are those?"

"Simply, my name," it said, and projected into her mind the incomprehensibly
liquid syllables. "Speak it, loudly and with passion, and I shall come forth."

She opened her mouth, and those syllables which no mortal mind should have
known spilled out, filling the museum with a shuddering resonance.  The stone
that encased the prison shattered, sending shards of stone flying through the
air to tear through the flesh of all who stood nearby.  All, that is, save
the prisoner's chosen rescuer.  She stood unscathed among the carnage, though
her clothes had been ripped to shreds, leaving her as good as naked.

It seized her mind using the power she had granted it by releasing it and
speaking its name.  She whimpered, and it sensed her inextricably tangled
fear and disgust and excitement.  It spoke in her mind again.  "Thank you,
oh great one.  You are now and forever my servant.  My desire is yours."
It reached out with its newly-manifest tentacles, caressing her breasts
and thighs.

She moaned with pleasure as the liquid-coated appendages slithered oozingly
over her naked skin, pushing away the last rags of her clothes.  It curled
a tentacles around each breast, the ends of the tentacles curling round and
unfurling to engulf her erect nipples and suck on them.  It had waited long
for its liberty, and it was eager to enjoy the delights of willing mortal
flesh once more.

It snaked out more tentacles, reaching up between her thighs to caress her
sex and her anus.  She threw her head back and gave a scream of delight
that was swiftly muffled as a tentacle darted between her lips.  It felt her
seize the tentacle in her mouth with one hand, holding it still while she
rocked her head back and forth.  Pleasure rippled through its amorphously
tentacular form, and it pushed a tentacle greedily into her sex, thrusting
vigorously.  She leaned forward slightly, rocking her head faster, and it
claimed her completely, wetly penetrating her willing anus.

It revelled in the obscene union, savouring the sensation of mortal flesh
hot and willing about its appendages.  Around it, it felt waves of fear
and disgust, many of the surviving onlookers fleeing in panic or cowering
behind other exhibits.  It paid those who fled no mind - they would kneel
sooner or later - but those who cowered, or stood paralysed by fear, it
seized in its wetly writhing grasp.

The woman who had liberated it arched her body as the plunging thrusts of
the tentacles drove her to orgasm.  It sensed her release, and discharged
its infernal fluids into her, filling her with demonic energies.  "You
serve me well," it said.  "Now look upon these, who have witnessed your
binding, and savour the rapture of their deaths!"

It drew its tentacles out of its liberator's orifices, although it kept a
firm grasp on her breasts, which had swollen to the size it favoured under
its ministrations.  She gave a small sigh, and watched with eager eyes as
one of the men struggling in its grasp was suspended in front of
her.  It ripped the man's clothes away with its tentacles, then unfurled a
tentacle-tip to engulf his cock.  It felt the limp member swelling in its
grasp, and forced a wet tentacle into his anus, rejoicing in the act of
violation.

The man screamed in pain as the tentacle violently sodomised him, yet his
cock twitched and hardened with every thrust of the oozing appendage in his
bowels.  The demon began to suck with the tentacle that engulfed the man's
cock, tipping him over the edge.  Semen and life-force alike spurted into
the receptacle provided by the demon's engulfing tentacle, and his soul
swiftly followed, consumed utterly by its hunger.  The demon spurted its
infernal juices into his lifeless body, and let him fall to the floor with
a thud.

"Fill me again," whispered the demon's liberator.  The demon snaked a
tentacle back into her sex, thrusting slowly back and forth inside her,
eliciting fresh moans of delight.  It continued the obscene coupling as it
raised a woman before her eyes.

"You are called Ichiko, now," said the demon to its liberator.  She smiled
as it burned all memory of her old name from her mind, and moaned with delight
as she watched the demon's tentacles engulf the nipples of the woman in front
of her.

"What would most delight you, Ichiko?  Should I use her sex or her bowels
to penetrate her while I draw her life out through her breasts?"

Ichiko licked her lips.  "Both, master."

The demon sent a pulse of pure pleasure surging through the tentacle buried
in Ichiko's sex, driving her to another orgasm as a reward for her depravity.
It forced tentacles into the suspended woman's sex and anus in the same moment,
filling her completely, savouring her scream of pain and terror.  She writhed
helplessly in the demon's grasp as its tentacles thrust in and out, plunging
deeper inside her.  It drove her to orgasm, filling her with the emissions of
its tentacles while her sex convulsed and her life force and her soul were
taken by the demon's hunger.

