It's amazing how hard it is to think logically when you're horny. I had the house to myself for the entire morning, a rarity anymore, and I was finally able to spend plenty of time in front of the computer searching my favorite porn sites. On a day like this, when I know my wife will be gone for hours and there is no chance of being disturbed, I like to take my time with things. I grab my lube, strip down and watch video after video, browse through stories, look at pictures, and try to make my pleasure last as long as possible.
Of course, the longer this time lasts, the more I begin to indulge my dirtier fetishes. Things always start relatively tame. Traditional guy on girl. Then some lesbian porn. Then group sex. And on and on it goes. And then I get to my biggest fetish, the one I try to hold out on. The one I never shared with the women I dated. Strap-on sex.
No, not girls using strap-ons on each other. Girls strapping-on guys. I don't know why, but from the very first time I stumbled upon one of these videos, I was hooked. And as I watched more of these videos, I experimented a little by myself. Trying a finger here. A second finger there. Then a vibrator. When I was single and lived alone I even owned a slim dildo that, on rare, deprived occasions, I would use on myself.
On days like this I would think to myself, "I should find a girl to actually do this to me. I need to find out what it actually feels like to have someone else in control."
I had a website saved where I had in the past bought videos and the other small toys. I would get extremely horny watching these videos and go to the site. I would scan through the pictures of strap-on dildos they had for sale. But as soon as I found one I was interested in, I would come to my senses and close the page without ordering.
But today, something was different today. I had reached the point of no return, apparently. Maybe it was that it had been so long since I had this amount of free time to spend looking at porn. Maybe I had thought about this fantasy for too long and my subconscious got tired of wondering. But for some reason today, as I found a strap-on set I was interested in, I didn't close the browser. Instead, I clicked "Add to Cart." And then I completed the purchase. It was so fast and easy since my credit card information was saved from past purchases. And from there I went about my browsing and finished my alone time.
Of course, once back to my senses, reality hit me. I just purchased a strap-on dildo and had it shipped to my house. The house where I lived with my wife! How would I explain this to her? As I began to calm down I realized this could be OK. I worked from home. I could easily grab the package as soon as it arrived and have it hidden before my wife got home from work. With that realization, I wiped the figurative sweat from my brow and went back to enjoying my Saturday.
Unfortunately, panic set back in Monday morning as I logged into my work calendar to see what I had to work on for the week. The reminder popped up that I was traveling this week for work! From Wednesday through Friday, I would be in New York!
The next two days I was a bundle of stress. Every car that passed by the house I hoped was the UPS man with my package. But Wednesday morning came, it was time to head for the airport, and no delivery had been made. My wife assumed the obvious nerves I was displaying were due to an anxious flyer. If she only knew. And she would probably know soon enough. Even if she didn't open the package, she would surely ask me what it was when I returned home.
I could hardly focus on work while I was gone. I spent nearly the entire trip imagining the shocked and disgusted reaction on my wife's face as she opened the package. I thought through lies I could tell if she just asked what it was. I could tell her it was a gift I bought for her, but why? Her birthday wasn't coming up. Neither was our anniversary or Christmas. So why would I buy her something and then not let her open it? I was screwed, and not in the way I hoped when I made the purchase.
The agonizing trip finally came to an end and I was on my way home from the airport. As I made the drive, I actually wished the trip had been extended. I still didn't know how to deal with this situation.
I walked into the house and prepared for the worse. I was greeted at the door, however, not by an angry, upset wife, but by a smiling one. She gave me a big hug and a kiss and asked the normal "How was your trip?" questions. As I carried in my bags and engaged in conversation, I looked around the house. No box.
Had it not come? Did it not ship yet? Was it lost in the mail? Who cares?! A feeling of relief came over me. My surprise purchase was not discovered and this could remain my little secret. The next day I went back to life as normal and figured I would grab the package when it came next week. Thank God!
That night, my wife and I climbed into bed for the evening. It wasn't unusual for us to make love on Saturday nights, so when she leaned over and planted a sexy kiss on me, I thought nothing of it. I welcomed the kiss and slid my hand slowly up her side and rested it on her breast. As we continued to fool around, my wife moved and positioned herself on top of me. And as she slid her hips down just a little bit to put her pelvis on mine, that's when it hit me. There was a bulge in her pants just as there was on in mine!
She knew instantly that I realized what was going on. I completely froze as her hands quickly moved from my chest to my wrists and "pinned me down." I could have easily pushed her off of me, but in that moment I couldn't move. Maybe I didn't want to move?
She broke off the kiss and looked me right in the eyes. "You know what that is, right?" I nodded my head in the affirmative.
"Did you not think I'd receive the shipment this week?" she asked.
"I forgot about my work trip when I bought it," I answered honestly.
"Has anyone ever used one of these on you before?"
"No. I've seen videos online and get turned on, but I've never told anyone about my fetish."
"When were you going to tell me about this desire?"
"Maybe never. I don't know."
"Well, here's the thing. I was fairly upset when I first opened the box. I was ready to yell and scream at you. I almost called you to yell. But then I thought more about it and how we have fallen into a bit of a rut sexually. So I went on your computer and searched your browsing history -- you really should clear that some time, by the way -- and watched a couple of the videos. And I got pretty turned on by the idea of being in control."
I cleared my throat as she spoke.
"So here's what is going to happen. Whether you ever thought this was going to happen or not, it is. Tonight. Right now. For the rest of the night, however long I want it to last, you are my bitch. You will do whatever I say. Do you understand?"
"Yes," I meekly replied.
"Good. We will begin." And she moved off of me and stood up. She turned the lights on -- she always left the lights off for sex, but apparently she wanted us both to see this! -- and looked me in the eye as she removed her shirt. Her wonderful, large breasts were exposed in all their glory. She then reached down to her shorts and hooked her fingers around the elastic band. My eyes followed her hands and saw the bulge. I watched as she slowly slid her shorts down her long, slender legs and the dildo came into view.
Once the shorts were past her "member" and ass, she simply dropped them to the ground. As she stared ahead at me, the clear plastic dildo was exposed. I stared at the strap-on as it protruded from my wife's hips.
"What do you think? I hope you like it."
"It looks great," I replied, partially to humor her, but mainly because I thought it honestly did.
"Stand up and take off your clothes."
I stood up and pulled my t-shirt over my head and dropped my own shorts. My own penis, which had hardened when she started fooling around and went flaccid in fear when I felt the bulge initially, had now completely returned.
"Well, it looks like you are interested in what I have to offer."
Then her tone turned. "On your knees, NOW!" she commanded.
I instinctively obeyed and sunk into a kneeling position in front of my wife. She took one small step toward me and left the phallus dangling in front of me. I stared at it a second and then looked up at her.
She smiled at me and then said, "You know what to do, slut. Don't make me tell you."
I reached out slowly, grabbed her "penis" and opened my mouth. The strap-on slid across my tongue and I closed my lips.
"Oh yeah, baby, that feels soooo good," she said, repeating what I said the few times she sucked my cock.
As my mouth got used to the size of the member inside of it, I began bobbing my head back and forth it. My wife slipped her hand around the back of my head and controlled my motions as I sucked her off. I was entranced. The more I sucked, the more I enjoyed it. I quickened my pace and let more and more slide in. I reached down and started to stroke my cock, but I was quickly reprimanded by my wife and told not to touch myself unless given permission.
Then I felt pressure being applied to the back of my head and my throat at the same time.
"That's it, just open your throat. It's OK, bitch."
She was making me deep throat her cock. She worked patiently, easing in a bit more each time as my throat opened. After a few minutes, the entire 7 inches were down my throat, the base resting against my face and she held it there. She slowly backed her hips away and let the strap-on slide out. And just as I thought I was getting a reprieve, she pushed back in; faster this time. She began fucking my throat as drool escaped my mouth and my eyes began to widen. I had always wanted to do this and never been able to and here she was doing it to me the first time I "sucked cock." No breaking me in easily here! Finally, she eased the cock out without warning. It left my mouth with a "pop" as I continued to try to suck more.
"You're a good little whore, baby. Now get on the bed and lay on your back."
My wife climbed onto the bed after me, remaining on her knees, strap-on still protruding forward. She reached into the drawer of her nightstand and removed a tub of lube.
"Every little bitch deserves to have her cherry popped in the missionary position," she said as she squeezed lube onto her fingers. "And everyone doing the popping deserves to get to watch her face as she's entered."
She leaned forward and dangled her breasts in front of my face and told me to suck her nipples. I preferred to think she was being nice with a subtle reminder that she was, in fact, a woman, but it was more likely in the interest of her own pleasure.
"Oh, and lift your legs to your chest."
As my mouth once again began to suck, this time on a woman's breasts, I felt the cold lube on my wife's fingers hit my anus. She circled my hole a couple of times to smear the lube around and then I felt her index finger slide inside of me.
My ass tightened but she stayed persistent and kept penetrating me. Eventually my hole unclenched and I felt her stop the finger as just the tip was left in. I could then feel her middle finger touch my rim and soon joined the index finger inside my ass. This felt wonderful! I was used to a couple fingers from my own private play and it was all I could do to not touch my penis. It was throbbing in desire for attention. Eventually a third finger was inserted to continue my loosening and I continued sucking her fabulous tits. After a few minutes, the finger slid out and her breast was removed from my hungry lips.
I watched as my wife grabbed the lube again and poured some on her strap-on.
"Enough loosening, it's time to get your little ass fucked, slut."
This was it, the fantasy was about to come true. I was excited and nervous at the same time.
"Fuck I can't wait to do this," my wife said excitedly. "And if it hurts, I want to hear you scream."
My wife moved into position and placed the head of the dildo at my ass hole. She looked at my face; I looked down at the dildo. I watched as she started to push. My ass instinctively clenched at first. She tried several times to penetrate my virgin ass. And then, the head broke through. And it hurt. And I screamed.
"OH FUCK! THAT'S HURTS! OH FUCK!"
"That's right, bitch, take my cock up your ass. Tell me you can feel me. Tell me it hurts." She was getting into this in a way I had never imagined.
"I can feel you. It hurts so badly right now."
Just the head was in and I couldn't fathom taking the rest. At the same time, as badly as it hurt, it was a rush feeling that knob pop inside of me.
"Just relax and take it, bitch. Guys always try to tell you that it's a good pain and you'll start to like it. Let me know if that's true you slut."
My wife slowly moved her hips forward while pulling my legs toward her slightly to gain leverage. I felt a little more push into my rectum. Then a little more and I could feel the veins on the life-like design run across my inner rim. It was about a third of the way in when she pulled back for the first time and I felt the dick sliding out of me. It hurt so much that I hoped she would take it out and we would be done. But as soon as I felt the ridge of the bulbous head rest against the rim of my anus, she reversed course and began pushing back into me.
And who was I kidding. Yes, this hurt -- more than I had ever imagined it would -- but I wanted this to continue. I wanted her in control and to dominate me. I wanted to find out if this would start to bring me pleasure like my fingers and the vibrator always had done.
Each thrust put the "penis" about another inch inside of me before she pulled out and then began her forward assault again.
She was fully inside of me now and I felt like I was being split in two. I felt the base of her dildo rest against my ass and I could feel the heat pulsating off her pussy. My wife started to pick up the pace of her thrusting and I hoped it would start to feel good quickly.
Thankfully, it did. The pain finally went away. It still felt a bit ... uncomfortable. But there was no more pain and I could focus on being the one taken now.
And wow did I like it once that happened!
"Fuck me babe!" I finally said.
"Oh yeah? You like being fucked? I knew you would you little slut! Take my cock!"
She began thrusting even harder now. The strap-on sawed in and out of my virgin hole, almost with ease now. I reached out and grabbed my wife's ass and pulled her into me more. She reached down and stroked my cock a little and the precum that had been slowly flowing out dripped like a leaky faucet. And my wife quickly removed her hand.
"We can't have you cumming yet. I'm not done with my anal slut yet!"
She pulled out, this time completely, and told me to get up on my knees.
"And face the mirror," she added. "I want to be able to watch myself fuck you and the expressions on your face."
I positioned myself on my hands and knees. I looked up into the mirror and watched my wife move behind me with the strap-on dildo bobbing from her waist. She looked amazing with her large breasts and large dick both bouncing towards me. I then felt one hand go to my hip while the other steered the dildo towards my ass.
"All sluts take it from behind. You are such a little bitch!" She then pushed forward and entered my ass again. And I loved it!
I couldn't look away from the mirror. I had to watch my lovely wife plow into my used ass. She was moving at a rapid pace; as fast as I had ever given it to her before. You could hear the loud plopping sound as her hips slapped against my ass over and over and over again. I watched as her breasts bounced up and down due to the force of her movements. Oh fuck, this was extraordinary! Why had I never acted on this fantasy before?
I wanted the fucking to last forever. My wife continued calling me her little slut and a cock whore as she pounded away at my ass. The verbal abuse was just as exciting as the physical.
But as much as I wanted this to continue, my penis wasn't going to allow much more. Each penetrating thrust that hit against my prostate milked me a little more. A puddle of precum had formed below me and it was threatening to be filled more with a full load of cum.
"I can't take much more of this. I'm about to cum," I desperately explained.
"Yeah, I fucked you so good you need to cum without me even touching your cock? You really are an anal whore, aren't you?"
"Yes, I am. It feels so good that I can't control myself much longer."
I expected that to be followed by even faster thrusting; an attempt to fuck the cum right out of me. I hoped for that to be accompanied by a reach around and her hand jerking me off to completion. Instead, she pulled out of me.
She leaned over me. I felt the dildo press flat against the crack of my ass. I felt her breasts dangle against and then rest on my back. I felt her breath against my ear as she whispered to me.
"I found your other fetish while watching those videos, too."
Had she really figured it out?
"On your back," she continued.
Oh crap, I think she had. I laid down on the bed.
"You know the next step to this. Don't make me tell you what to do."
With that, I pulled my legs up above my head and doubled over myself. As I assumed the position, my wife removed the strap on. My rock hard cock was now positioned directly above my face. With the strap-on now removed from her waist, she pushed the dildo down into my rectum once again.
"This is called cum eating instruction, right? That's the term you type into the search bar? You want to be forced into eating your own cum? Well all good sluts should swallow a load at the end of a good fucking!"
She closed her fist around my cock and slowly stroked it. Like it had been for the entire session, precum continued to flow from the tip of my penis. The only difference was it was now dripping towards me and I was told to open my mouth and accept it.
"Don't you dare cum yet, bitch. Don't cum until I tell you to!"
"I can't hold out much longer. Please, please take pity on me and let me finish. I need to cum so badly."
One of my wife's hands moved slowly up and down the full length of my penis. The other moved the dildo in and out of my ass more.
"Tell me how much you liked me fucking you. Tell me how much you loved my cock, bitch!"
"I loved it! I loved being your cock whore. I loved the feeling of your dildo penetrating me. I loved you fucking my ass!"
"Do you want to take your load? Do you want to taste your cum? Feel it drip down your throat?"
"Yes, please let me cum. I want to taste it so badly!"
"OK," she replied. "I think you like these to end with ... what is it? A cum count down? Don't you dare cum until I've finished the count down!"
She stroked my cock a little harder.
"10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ..." she started. She continued stroking the full length.
"6 ... 5 ... 4 ..." I couldn't imagine being able to hold on the rest of the way. I was ready to explode. My mouth was wide open in anticipation of its reward.
"3 ... 2 ..." Oh fuck! Almost there! She squeezed even tighter. I needed to hold out and obey.
"1! Cum! Cum on your face! Cum in your mouth! Take that fucking load like a good little bitch!"
I exploded as my wife aimed my cock at my mouth. The load hit my lips and my mouth. It continued spurting and covered my cheek and then she aimed again and it went back into my throat. I began swallowing my first ever load. I felt the thick, creamy cum slide down my throat. After the main load finished, my wife continued milking the remaining drops into my mouth until I was finished.  
She let my legs fall back down to the bed. She took her fingers and scooped up the little bit of cum that missed its mark and pushed it into my mouth. I closed my lips around her fingers and sucked the last of my load. The dildo finally slid out of my ass.
"That was great!" she stated. "You were a good little slut. And you'll be a good little slut again soon enough. Great purchase with this new toy!"
She smiled at me.
"Now that you've cum, I need to get off."
She lifted her leg and straddled my chest. My wife knee-walked up my body and positioned her pussy above my head, continuing the domination theme of the night. She lowered her dripping pussy to my mouth.
"Now fucking eat me until I've cum."
I gladly obliged and slid my tongue through her slit ... Over and over and over again.