On the Beach
byJenPB©
I really like lying on the beach wearing a barely there bikini. The smaller and the skimpier the better. Micro-minis are the best invention yet. I like lying out on my stomach or on my back while the flimsy fabric barely covers what it should. I simply love to advertise my body out in front of hundreds of horny guys that walk on by. It really turns me on. It's fun to perch up and out my tight round ass to all the passers by or sticking out my firm tits. The beach is like nowhere else where we horny young girls with hot bods can so freely display all of our good parts. The way I see it, the beach is practically a dirty magazine.

I think I'm like most girls in that I know how much you guys get turned on and stare at us. You see, the beach is where we can showcase our stuff like nowhere else and pretend it's "just a day at the beach." Yeah, I know some girls like to act like they don't know or that they aren't trying but trust me guys, we know what it does to you and we like doing it. I know I sure do.

As I lie there beneath the clear blue sky, not only can I feel the warm rays of the sun landing on my body but I can also feel all the stares landing on me too. So, whenever I'm out on the beach I automatically get so non-stop horny and I begin to fantasize about all of you guys walking by me.

I just know that you're all sporting nice hard cocks inside your shorts and that I desperately want to wrap my lips around one. Mmmm hard throbbing cocks all around me. I can't get enough. But yet I just lay there all horny and with a hot wet dripping pussy only inches away from you and you don't even know. My body is literally 99 percent exposed to you and god I love it. I so love being a woman and blessed with the kind of body that drives you wild. It's so much fun.

Suntan lotion makes my golden brown skin glisten. The hot sun causes the beads of sweat to sparkle all over my smooth hairless body. My hard aching nipples desperately try to poke their way through the fabric. You can't help but stare and its what I want. It's what all us women want. We love it.

All of this, trust me boys, is not simply by accident. I'll bet I'm even more turned on than most of you guys that walk by as I just lie there thinking about all the possibilities. I like to leave my thighs gently parted hoping one of you will notice how excited I am. You see, whenever I'm lying out on the beach, my tits, my nipples, my ass, my pussy, my clit, are all begging to be taken advantage of by some passer by yet so few of you come to rescue. 

I don't understand it. I'm not bragging, I simply need to ask because I don't understand. I'm a hot chick with a hot body. Why don't more men at least try to take advantage of it when we advertise it so blatantly?

Sometimes, I lay there on my back and I fantasize about just an ordinary random guy coming along. He lays down next to me and without a word, begins to lick and bite on my neck. Slowly, he makes his way down to my rock hard nipples. I pretend to take it all in stride and just lie there as Mr. Anonymous works my body and makes my pussy drip. Like I'm a princess who can't be bothered to take time out from sunning myself while I allow someone to work me over.

Closer and closer I get. Closer to orgasm. He hasn't even touched me down under my bikini bottom and yet I'm already so close to cuming. I start breathing hard as this fantasy begins to take on some reality. In my mind, my anonymous lover is going to make me climax but in reality, I'm laying on the beach perfectly still.

Finally he slips his hand under my top and pinches and pulls my already hard and erect nipples giving them the relief they have been aching for. His other hand slips down to my pussy and he dips a finger inside me. He quickly removes the now dripping wet finger and brings it up to spread my slick juices all around the folds of pussy and onto my throbbing clit. He begins to gently caress and rub my clit and it starts to grow and peak out from its hood all on its own.

My mystery lover keeps at this until I can't take much more and I begin to cum. I begin to feel that wonderful heavy sort of sensation in my lower abdomen and all the way down to the inside of my thighs that signals the onset of my orgasm. When it finally hits, my body convulses and shakes from my spasming muscles. Yet I lay perfectly still. My lover gently kisses me on the lips while his hands and fingers continue to work their magic. I don't even open my eyes to see the face of my lover. The orgasm is so intense that I'm moaning loudly in my head yet I remain there still and silent.

My heaving body eventually begins to relent. The mind numbing orgasm I just had inside my head sadly and slowly fades away, as I continue to remain motionless on my beach blanket. I'm still deeply lost in my fantasy until finally, I get enough awareness back that I want to get up and stretch a bit. Then I slowly make my way over to the waves and dive in.

Have you ever notice us girls do this. I mean just all of a sudden, we get up from our tanning and make our way over to water. Well, I know most people think it's only to cool off from the hot sun but I do this to cool off from a hot orgasm induced by one of my fantasies.

It's still early in the day and so I repeat this or a similar fantasy over and over again in my head until its time to head back to the house. Come on guys, I'm not going to wear a sign. You need to figure this out on your own. As I lay out, I'm hoping more of you guys will come over and fulfill this or any one of my fantasies that I use. Unfortunately, it doesn't happen often enough. More of you guys need to take some chances.

So the lesson is that as you walk by us girls lying out there on the sand in our skimpy and revealing little outfits, one of them just might be like me. One that's real horny and with a hot and leaking little pussy. Her nipples are probably rock hard and are aching so bad for some attention. She is fantasizing that someone like you just might come over to lend a hand. Heck you never know, it might just be me.
