"Hurry honey" Mike called to his wife. "Don't rush me"  she replied "Beauty takes longer than men dressing." The banter from the 13 year married couple continued till both saw each other in living room about to walk out the front door.
The teacher was wearing light blue suit, white shirt and Tie. His wife was wearing an off the shoulder white formal gown that went to the floor. "Honey, this dance going to have lots of horny little boys trying to see a bit more of your cleavage, shouldn't you wear a shawl or burka."? 
They both laughed and got into the car driving over to the school gymnasium. The cheerleaders had decorated it with balloons, crepe paper in a poorly laid out design to hide the fact it was a gymnasium. 
These monthly dances had been suggested by the administration to get the kids off the streets on Saturday nights with something to do. The Dj had his sound equipment set up on the front of the stage. The colourful lights facing the dance floor made the stage behind him dark as a coal shaft.
The teacher and wife separated with him moving around talking to the students, the wife by to stand by the Kool aid and cookie table. By mid-point of the evening the room was fully congested and it was impossible to see over the heads from one side or another so for about an hour they lost contact.
Several students asked the teachers, wives, boyfriends of teacher to dance so it was a typical Saturday night. Mrs. Wiese was pleased and found humour that some boys stood arm's length away from her as if she was fragile glass while others pressed their cocks against her straining to see just what lay at bottom of her cleavage.
A boy she did not know, ok young man as he was probably 17-18 and she an old lady of 30, asked her to dance. He was quite good and didn't step on her feet nor drool down her cleavage. They maneuvered around till near the front of the stage until a sharp poke in her right buttock made her gasp "OH".
"What the matter Mrs. Wiese"? 
"I don't know many the dry cleaners must of left a pin in the....." her voice trailed off and her vision tunneled, till she could barely make out the floor. The kind boy, with several assistances led her around the side steps leading up to the stage. With the bright lights shining their eyes no one on the dance floor saw the group pf boys assist her to a cot in back of the stage.
She wanted to say thank you but felt dizzy and light headed. Someone put a pillow under her head as someone else put her feet on the cot.
Her tongue felt as if it had swollen and jaw wouldn't work, her vision was now gone and the boys voices seemed almost a block away their words disjointed and not understandable.
"Damn it Mike, I thought you were going to stab Lynn Lameroux?" Why Mrs. Wiese thought would her husband a cheerleader, then faded out.
The 29 gauge needle had injected her with a predator drug, the so called date rape drug that is an incapacitating agent. The injection site was so small on her lower right buttock a microscope would find it but probably not be seen by the naked eye. One of the boys took her right leg and put in on the floor, her left leg he bent at the knee with her foot flat on the cot. "This is Mrs. Wiese the math teacher's wife and that asshole Dick Moen never brought Lameroux  close to the stage."
"Yeah, Mrs. Wiese isn't built like Lameroux but let's see what she does have."  A quartet of boys rolled her on her side, unzipped the back half way down and rolled her onto her back again. Who the brave soul who pulled down her top is lost in history as three different boys claimed that honour. The factual results were all the boys got, if they did not have, semi erections as Mrs. Wiese, whom most these boys never saw before had the "perfect figure" of 34x22x36 wearing a c cup but tonight the formal gown did all the support. They all stood silent in glory
Like in some tribal event the boys stood in circle looking at her beautiful round firm breasts. The aureoles were centered and each nipple looked as if a raspberry was on top. A hand from the crowd lightly touched the nipple and then as if energized faster and faster rotated it. It grew in his hand and the boys noticed tiny bumps forming in the aureole. Brian, the youngest, giggled, "it's like a mound of gelatin," as he made the tit swirl on its axis.
With mob courage, Mike got between her legs and pulled her tiny see through lace tonga off. In jest he sniffed it and put it in his pocket. The molestation on her chest and the cool air now on her vulva, Mrs. Wiese gave a gasp, scaring the boys. This involuntary sexual release only temporarily stopped the investigation by boys who never seen, let alone touched a female body. A couple felt guilty touching their own cocks but soon they all were.
One boy was kissing/licking her lips, two others were on the left breast, feeling massaging, twisting while another was sucking her right nipple, Mike said `Come look at this. Two of the boys did while the fourth played with the fleshy orbs.
Standing near her feet they saw all her pubic hair was shaved off except a tiny strip that covered the very top of her slit. They murmured mumbled to one another. Mike put his fingers in her slit. "Hey where is her hole? I thought we'd see her hole." Wes remarked.
"Don't be a jackass, its hidden in these folds" and with that Mike separated the dual flaps of skin. The tiny slit was pinkish with a white nub at the top and an obvious opening at the bottom. The silence on the stage was remarkable as each boy reacted differently. Some caressed their cocks, others gulped , licked their lips and Mike, well he traced the tender deep slit, from top to bottom, bottom to top.

""Go ahead," He said to no one special. "This tastes awesome,"
"Hey I wanted to fuck Lameroux but not this." Was a reply
"Why not?" said Mike as now his tongue was in the slit.
"Goddamn it Mike this is a teacher's wife."
Mike stood over his challenging friend; put his hand on back of neck, pushing the face into the slit, "Yeah a seasoned teacher's wife who is wet and aroused. She tastes good, try her."
All inhibitions gone, mouths were forming over the unconscious woman. One on her clit, one in her slit, one even trying to nibble on the folds. It was like feeding time at a farm
Mike moved out and was the first to finger fuck the prostrate woman. "Oh I want some of this," he said as his other hand pulled out his cock. The others dropped pants on the floor and stroking selves as they manhandled her personal areas. One boy grabbed the outer folds and as he was masturbating self he was stroking her. Mrs. Wiese moaned. They all stopped, looking at her face, but her eyes were closed.
Mike whispered to a boy who crept up to the DJ and said not to take a break and not turn the house lights on. In true male conspiracy it was accomplished.
"I don't want to ruin her for you guys so before I slide MR MAJESTIC into her. You can each finger her tightpussy. When I do my thing she'll be big enough to park a Volkswagen and right now it's tight. Who brought the condoms"?
Brian stupidly said "Condoms? You think she has a disease?" 
"No stupid, it's so we don't leave evidence. God am I only one who watches CSI?"
One boy, by accident, discovered the G spot which made their victim raise her cute ass off the cot and thrash around before climaxing. This made all them giggle as their and her fluids flowed out. Some even remarked maybe Math teacher isn't doing homework. He told them where the G was and so began a challenge for each to get Mrs. Wiese to release her juices more and more. Two out of the four did and by now each of them had her juices on their hands. wrists, some up to the elbow.
Mike was not one who got the G spot and felt shortchanged so he put two fingers, then announced "three", the boys stood in awe as finally four fingers were inside the vagina.
He touched, manipulated and tried to capture the nozzle end of the vagina.  "Get her Mike, get her" was a soft chant. She began to shift, the drug in her derriere wearing off. Mike using three fingers tormented the cervix. The other boys nervously looking at one another and the narcotized teacher's wife whose pussy seemed to have an endless supply of vaginal fluid..
Each got to feel her breasts one more time, some took one last nibble on a nipple and the dress  top was put back in place. She was helped to her feet, and someone whispered to Mike "Panties"? He held them like a trophy as he had used them to wipe her juices off, stuck them back into his pocket and helped carry Mrs. Wiese off the stage backway down a short hall to the faculty lounge.
The sexually abused woman was lain on a sofa, top again pulled up to as original, the dress hem pulled down and an arm placed over eyes as if sleeping. As the last one out turned off the light closed the door behind them, a miniature meeting in the hallway made them all swear they'd  never tell anyone what they had done plus as Wes  said, " I still want to fuck Lynn Lameroux and play with her 40 inch tits." They all laughed and fled into the crowd.
It was another 30 minutes before Mike Wiese found his wife sleeping in the lounge. "Honey I been looking for you everywhere, are you ok"? "She hugged him close saying "I felt faint  while dancing and a nice boy brought me here. Take me home Mike, take me home. I had a dream that your cock was named MR MAJESTIC and you hurt me as it wouldn't fit. Please can we leave now please?"

.





