Brian shivered, but not from cold. He was coming down off his "buzz" and realizing what he had managed to do, while somewhat high. He knew if he smoked enough there would be a haze to his inhibitions with Ben. Give him an extra tolerance level. Plus if any of this leaked out, the easiest excuse would be to say, "Hey, there was good weed, we toked... things got personal, we all fucked. No biggie." Brian locked the door, then set the security code. He shut off the few lights on the way to the bedroom. 

He didn't feel any different than he normally did after a great fuck session, but the only things plaguing him now were his head and his heart. His body was doing quite well, except for some soreness and body aches in joints. He peeled off the robe, throwing it on the bed. He made his way to the bathroom door and slid open the paneling. Steam was billowing out from the use of hot water. Brian could see Michael was shampooing his hair at this point.

For a moment, Brian was struck breathless, always startled by how Michael appeared to him now. Not only did his cock swell, but so did his heart. More and more, he was losing that sight of Michael's childhood innocence. The part of Michael that Brian used to keep him away, protecting him. If he could constantly remind himself how fragile Michael was, how he needed to be shielded from so many bad things of the world, then he could keep his distance. Now... Brian wasn't so sure Michael was as good and sweet as he thought. To learn about some of the things Michael did on his own without him, Brian realized he may have taken his best friend for granted. He climbed into the shower, reaching over Michael's head for the soap.

Michael sensed Brian had come in. He rinsed his hair of suds. "Was it relatively painless?"

"What?" Brian had been too lost in his head to reply. 

"The Long Goodbye."

"He's gone, Michael." Brian scrubbed his body down with a soapy washcloth. “Let's leave it at that.”

"You okay?" Michael leaned against the wall, peering closely at Brian. "You seem ticked off."

Brian kept his eyes averted from Michael. He bent to wash his legs, thighs and calves. He came up to end the cleaning with his groin area and semi-hard cock. "I'm a little hurt, mostly weary." His body was a tad exhausted from the threesome. The fainting helped get him some quick sleep. "And it'll be painful to sit down for awhile."

Michael grabbed Brian to turn him around. He rewashed the cloth, re-soaped. He positioned Brian in such a way that the shower head could trickle down the back side of his body. Michael increased the temperature of the water to somewhat scalding, but only because he was helping to soothe Brian's ass. Michael sent the cloth down the crack, letting water in to caress the sore hole. He heard Brian whimper only slightly, reaching out with one hand to latch onto his body. He knew Brian didn't often Bottom, but he understood that once Brian craved something he went near-wild for it. At times, not even considering he might be hurting himself in the process. Especially if it had anything to do with sex, didn't matter who was involved as long as Brian found a satiation point. Michael washed off the cloth, hanging it back on the hook. Then he turned Brian to let the water beat down on his back. "Hey... look at me..." He clasped Brian's chin, his eyes intent with frustration and worry. "Did I force you to do something you didn't want to do?"

“I wanted to.” Brian shook his head, wrapping an arm about Michael's body. "That's what hurts and makes me angry. I didn't become a 'whore' on purpose."

Michael pushed back from Brian, face more than upset. "Who the fuck called you that? Ben?"

"No." Brian caressed Michael's face with his other hand, kissing the frown on the brow. "But I hear things. It's just astounding that there could actually be some truth to the fact."

"Why do people continue to meddle? Huh?" Michael was beyond pissed off now. He used to roll his eyes when Brian would say that old adage of "It's nobody's business who I fuck, unless I'm fucking them.". Never had he known that Kinney-ism to be so true. "You are someone who's blatant and honest about sex. Not only that... you have the balls to 'live' out your fantasies, while other people cower and hide, thinking themselves unworthy. People have sexual hang-ups, you don't. What's wrong with that?" He picked up the shampoo bottle and squeezed out some liquid. He began to scrub at Brian's hair. "So you wanted Ben to fuck you." He shrugged one shoulder. "Big deal. I did when I first met him. He's a beautiful man with an equally beautiful body. I couldn't resist him, even knowing about his HIV Poz status."

"But you..." Brian shook his head, eyes downward. "... are nothing like me, Michael." He rinsed his hair by dipping his head backward.

"Wrong." Michael turned off the shower knobs and reached for one of two towels hanging over the glass stall. He tossed one to Brian. "We're more alike than you know." He opened the shower door, stepping out to dry off on the cool tile.

Brian followed, doing the same action. "So, then why do I trick and you don't?'

"I dunno." Michael shrugged, his mind in thinking mode. "Do you really want to know?"

Brian shook his head, chuckling lightly. "Not really, no."

"Yeah..." Michael began to laugh, as well. "... the idea of you in therapy scares me."

Brian folded the towel in half to drape on the shower bar. He held out his hand for Michael's towel. "Why?"

Michael sauntered up to Brian, shaping his frame with his hands. "I don't want anyone else to attempt to figure you out. That's my job. I think I'm not doing too bad."

Brian cupped the side of Michael's face. "I won't, you know?"

"Won't what?" Michael blinked at Brian's intense gaze.

"Go back to anonymous sex. The twinks and tricks. Justin. I can't say the desire or the pull won't be there, but..."

Michael pressed his naked body close, then stood high to kiss Brian hard on the lips. He kept his face on Brian's, nuzzling the skin and stubble. "I'm here now. That's the difference. I can fulfill any fantasy you want. You won't want or need anyone else."

Brian embraced Michael close with both arms secure about his body. "I don't." He let his hands fall to Michael's waist to hold him some distance away. "Not even tonight. I just wanted sex. I didn't care if Ben was here or not. In fact, I actually would've liked..."

"Lukas..." Michael smirked, knowing his companion very well.

Brian's hazel eyes widened, a similar smirk slipping out. "We... are soooo bad."

Michael shook his head. "No. We're gay men with sexual urges. Our mind-set has been trained to think like heteros do about us. We have sex on the brain 24/7... and we can't have normal lives because of it. I don't even know if it is us catering to the Breeder mentality or are we really that way?"

Brian's hands came up to cup both sides of Michael's face, thumbs caressing the skin. "I want you to know this was a 'one night, one time' thing. Ben was only here out of curiosity. I fulfilled his wish. That's it, we're done. I've been pissed at him for awhile. I never cared what he'd do to me, but you...” He shook his head to bend, leaning on Michael's forehead. “That was the other thing about tonight. Watching you, watch me. I've been a part of many threesomes, never once second guessing myself. But for the first time, I wasn't in the situation as much as I could have been."

Michael grabbed Brian's wrists, his eyes alight with befuddlement. "You're shittin' me, right? Because... fuck if I didn't see a certain side of you that got my rocks off. I was hard simply because I liked seeing you... well, you know..."

"I'm mildly pleased." Brian frowned, bringing Michael in for a hug. "I still hate that you had to witness it. Ben being your ex-boyfriend an' all."

"Next time... I get to choose our threesome partner."

"There... WILL BE NO NEXT TIME."

Michael squeezed Brian tight, then let him go. "Brian, it's okay if there is. Fine, if there isn't. I like sex as much as you do."

"Yes. You've proven that to me plenty of times."

“I want you to know...” Michael put a hand on Brian's chest, soothing the hard muscles. "... I am here. For whatever you need. Even if it's another man."

"There won't be."

"Ah... never say never..." Michael turned to walk back into the bedroom, completely nude. He was cleaning up their mess and fixing the bed.

Brian leaned on the doorjamb, watching Michael putter around the room. “Michael...” Didn't even phase him that Michael was naked.

"Hmm...?"

"Promise... whatever I say... not to get weirded out?"

Michael stood from his bending position to stare at Brian. "About what?"

"Should anything happen to you... god forbid..." Brian put out his palm to squelch Michael's instant worry about the "topic" of discussion. "... I wouldn't abandon you. I'd be by your side through everything."

"Same for me." Michael strolled around the bed frame to head toward Brian. "What brought this on?"

"Talking with a really good friend."

Michael knew who Brian meant, because the only “friend” Brian had was standing right in front of him. "What else did he say?" He moved closer, about an inch or two from Brian.

"He didn't say the words to me personally, but I think I now know what he meant." Brian reached out with both hands to latch onto Michael's hips, drawing him flush with his chest. "You're mine... even upon death." He cupped Michael's face. "I want no one else to hold you. Not even your mother."

"Well... I did stop exclusively being hers when I was fourteen."

Brian lowered his forehead onto Michael's, petting the cheeks. "I don't want to die alone, either. I want to be with you until my last breath is taken."

Michael quickly snagged his arms around Brian. "You told me not to be weirded out, but now I am worried. Do we need to have a serious talk?" He lay his head on Brian's shoulder, tucking his face into the neck.

"Yes, but not tonight. Right now... I simply want to drown in you and sleep in your arms."

"It's not that late. We can get all gorgeous and head on out to Babylon."

"No more audiences." Brian's hands slid down to caress the pliable skin on Michael's ass. “I want you for myself.”

"I'd like that." Michael kissed Brian along his jaw, then pulled away to walk to the closet Brian had opened earlier.

"What are you doing?"

Michael already knew where to look. "I'm getting those three ties you picked out with that fourth one. I want to try something. I think you'll like it." He went over to chose a condom. Opening the packet with his teeth, he sheathed Brian's growing erection. Then he turned Brian around to tie the first tie about his eyes. He made quick work of a second tie around his own eyes. Then with something inbred in him, Michael was able to use the third tie to encircle his right wrist and Brian's left wrist together. The ties were loose, but once their hands lay palm to palm and their fingers interlocked... it didn't matter how tight the knots were.

"Now what?" Brian smiled, biting his upper lip.

"I dunno. I just wanted to see how far you'd let me go." Michael moved his body away, knowing Brian would try to tickle or poke him. "I have one last tie... you wanna see if we can manage to loop it around our other wrists?"

"Michael..." Brian sighed heavily, shaking his head.

"Brian... we're both naked... you have a condom on... you do the math."

Brian bent to kiss Michael's lips, blindly, finding he'd hit the right area. It was slightly off-kilter. "I'd rather do you."

"That is what I mean."

Brian lifted his right hand to pick up Michael's left. Though they couldn't tie the wrists together, he still put their joining in the same position. Palms flat, fingers tangled. "This is actually quite interesting." He began to push Michael backward, an inch at a time. He didn't want Michael to suddenly fall and they loose their balance. "I like holding your hand." He wanted to reassure Michael. “I won't let go.”

"Neither will I." The backs of Michael's legs hit the bed frame. He slowly let his body fall, tumbling Brian with him.

“I'm not used to this...” Brian nudged Michael's legs open with his knee. He was steadily growing more and more horny. "I usually hold you in a certain way for balance."

"You still can. That's the point of this... trust, being able to lean on one another for guidance. I'll be here to support you. Just do what you would normally do..."

Brian swallowed with some difficulty, lowering his head to Michael's. He could feel the warm breath on his face. He shared a rough kiss first, then aligned his body to fit Michael. His cock tip poised at the entrance, Brian plunged in. He caught Michael's cries in his mouth.

Their hands held tighter and tighter, losing circulation.

Brian kept a slow, heady pace, Michael thrusts back were drawn out and methodical.

They were in no hurry. After awhile, the tie on their one wrists did loosen and fall away. They never removed their hands. They kept them connected until they both reached their rising orgasms' crescendo. Blindfolds were taken off, eyes alight with love and passion for one another... their rhythm quickened. Their hands roamed and bodies quivered. As they both hit their mutual climaxes each man "died" a little in the other's arms... just like they promised.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ben entered the apartment, feeling as if he had turned a certain corner in his life. He still found himself "sensing" Brian, almost craving another fuck (dammit! Brian had been right!!), but the only difference now was that he could let the fantasy go. It wasn't the only thing driving him anymore.

Hopefully, the man waiting in his bed was.

He dropped the satchel on the seat of a kitchen chair, then placed his jacket around the back rungs. He started undressing on the way toward his bedroom. He undid his cuffs, unbuttoned his shirt and untucked the material from his waistline. He chuckled softly because he had been naked about a half hour ago, seemed pointless to have dressed when he would undress, ten minutes later, to get in bed.

Ben pushed open the bedroom door slowly, finding a huddled form asleep under the covers. Hushed snores were detected through the darkness. Ben slid off his shoes, then his jeans. He placed his dirty clothes on the bench at the end of the bed. He wandered to the empty side, crawling in beside Lukas. Ben would normally leave his underwear on, this time he took them off.

Once he made his way under the covers, Ben shuffled over toward the bodily warmth hidden. He reached up a hand to pull back the comforter and sheets, discovering Lukas facing him and dead asleep. The face was pressed to the pillow, a lone hand tucked beneath a stubbled cheek. Ben brought up his hand to ruffle fingers through the blond curls. He noticed the changes in Lukas' breathing pattern. Ben lowered his head to press a gentle kiss to the forehead, trailing down along the stubble and stopping right at the corner of the opening mouth.

Lukas turned his head to meet Ben's lips and sunk into the luscious mouth invading his dreams. He liked being woken with a kiss, especially from Ben. He could feel the heated erection pressing against his thigh. He placed his hand in between Ben's legs, soothing the naked skin. "So... do I even need to ask?" He did want to know about the threesome, but knowing how horny Ben was... he didn't really care about much else.

"It's not important." Ben yanked the blankets off of Lukas, exposing the rest of the hidden, delectable body. He smoothly rolled over to pin Lukas down. "You are. We are." He bent to attack the elongated neck and collar. He liked hearing Lukas groan and growl for him, the slight whimpers of needing his body for relief.

"Mmm... I should send you over to play with them more often." Lukas spread one leg wide, bent at the knee and foot planted on the mattress. "Will you tell me everything later?" He was enjoying the kissing on his chest, the playfulness in and around his nipples. More than anything, he loved the way Ben nuzzled his chest hair, petting it with his fingers.

"Yeah. Tomorrow."

"... over breakfast..."

"... in bed..."

Lukas arched back onto the bed and pillows. "Jesus! Jamie... where did you learn that?" He reached out to grasp Ben's biceps, his grip tight because of his lustful urges.

"I've always known. I think it's time for the Old Ben to make an appearance. He's got some tricks up his sleeve no one's seen in years."

"I've never heard you talk about yourself in the third person. Who are you?" Lukas saw the smirk appear, then shook his head in awe. "I'm not... complaining, in any capacity."

"You're not naked." Ben groaned out, his tone mournful, almost begging.

"Problem?" One dark blond eyebrow rose.

"You usually sleep naked."

"Sorry." Lukas didn't feel that bad about it. "I was being respectful. I didn't know how you'd feel coming back. I didn't want you to think I'd been sitting here... jerking off to my fantasies of you... with them."

"Please... say you did..." Ben rolled his eyes, imagining Lukas stroking himself while picturing him.

"Yeah..." Lukas snickered, sitting up a little to kiss and nudge Ben's face. "I did. In the shower, though. Not the bed."

"Our... bed." Ben kissed Lukas soundly, then traced his tongue and lips down Lukas' chest to end up at his waist. He licked the pubic bone and slid the elastic over Lukas' skin quite effortlessly. The hidden erection sprung forth, flinging back to hit the bare stomach. Ben rid them of the material and went down on Lukas' rigid cock.

"Jamie... Dear God!" Lukas writhed and flailed as he felt the sensation of the hot mouth around his length, then the expert tongue licking and sucking him. "You are moving too fast for me. I just woke up."

"So... did I." Ben meant in an existential sense, of having his eyes widely opened. He went on to stroke Lukas' cock, reaching over to the nightstand for a condom.

"Haven't you fucked enough tonight?" Lukas wouldn't mind the sex, but... well, he didn't know Ben had this kind of "staying power".

Ben smiled, rolling the opened rubber over Lukas' stiffness. He winked, stating exactly what he wanted right this moment.

"Oh... Fuck!" Lukas cried out dramatically, head back on the pillows. His arm came up to bend over his eyes. "I don't think you want to do that."

"Why not?" Ben straddled Lukas' body, sliding up the still frame. He kissed the face, attempting to nudge it to look at him.

Lukas brought both hands down to grab Ben's ass cheeks, spreading them. "You have no idea how much I want this... want you. How many nights I've thought about this very moment." He began to sit up, raising his torso to match Ben's chest. Ben sat in his lap, an inch or two higher than him.

"Oh..." Ben cupped under Lukas' chin to slide into his curls. "... I think I have some idea." He tugged roughly on the hair, tilting Lukas' head back to kiss him passionately. He pulled back to keep his lips on plump ones. "I need you... I need to feel you in me."

"Jamie... shit..." Lukas was trapped, locked between pleasure and pain. The pain wasn't physical pain, but heartache. This was what he had been wanting for so long. Ben at his mercy, craving him and no one else. He watched the muscular body sink down on his hard cock, feeling the anal walls clench his sensitive flesh. "Oh... uagh... christ... you're so tight..." He felt Ben soothe his back, bringing him flush to his chest.

"It's been awhile." Ben rolled his hips, meeting each and every one of Lukas' thrusts.

Lukas held on to Ben, then flipped him over onto his back. He cracked a wide smile as he heard Ben let out a light laugh at the playful roughness. He pulled out only to pound back in. "God... this feels unreal." He wanted Ben to keep touching him, caress with the mere touch of his fingertips.

"I'm very real."

"Better than my dreams."

Ben cupped the sides of Lukas' face, staring up at the darkening green eyes. "I love you..." He kissed the open lips, taking the next breath. "I love you, Luke."

"Wha-?"

"You heard me."

"I--I... yeah, I did, but... what?" Lukas took Ben's wrist in his hands, rubbing down the forearms.

"Brian told me what you said."

"Uh-huh... okay... good."

"I feel the same way." Ben's kisses this time were soft, tender, sliding over the stubble.

"Jamie..." Lukas choked out on a deep emotion of affection. Of feeling the man he loved around him. He could have cried from the sensation.

"If I should get sick, like Danny... I want no one else but you by my side."

"Damn!" Lukas drew in and drew out, quickening his pace. "I was caught in a vulnerable moment. Forgive my sappiness." He knew Ben didn't take any emotion like that or simply that he had never seen Ben be romantic at all.

"No. I needed to hear it." Ben widened his legs, letting Lukas fall in deeper. "You broke through every wall I've put up."

"Uh... I think..." Lukas was slowing down, but then hurriedly slammed Ben when he felt his body reach its climactic pinnacle. "... oh, jesus... I'm gonna cum." He buried his head in Ben's chest. "Fuck! I feel like some horny teenager."

"Cum for me." Ben caressed Lukas' stomach, sliding down into the pubic hair. He moved back up to play with the pert nipples, fingers tangling in the chest hair.

Lukas pulled out, ridding himself of the condom. He grabbed his cock, feeling Ben's hand join his. They stroked his length and jerked him into his orgasm. Lukas spurt his load on Ben's stomach and hip, a little on his thigh. He fell onto Ben's chest, feeling the strong arms embracing him. "Holy...!" He moved to throw himself over on his back, laying beside Ben. His left leg still caught between Ben's thighs. He raised both arms to bend over his head, trying to regulate his breathing and ease his body's euphoria. He hadn't even seen Ben ejaculate. Lukas felt Ben cuddle to his side, one arm secure about his torso and resting his cheek on top of the soft cushion of chest hair. "Your turn... next time." His hand came down to lock onto Ben's nape, slipping to comb through the sweaty locks. He could feel the erection pressing against his skin.

Ben kissed Lukas to silence, confident that would happen. He continued to caress and massage the pliant body under him, calming Lukas. Ben also knew he was somehow rebuilding the passion too.

Lukas reached down to clasp Ben's hardness. "God! I can't go to sleep with this thing poking at me."

"It's okay." Ben nuzzled Lukas' neck. “My body's been through enough tonight.”

"I'm here and awake. I can do this for you." Lukas lifted on to his elbows. "Where do you want me?"

"On your stomach."

"Mmm..." Lukas kissed Ben, keeping his lips hovering. "... that's a good position." He rolled over, reaching for another condom. He transferred it to the other hand to give to Ben. He didn't like the way Ben bowed his head as if in semi-shame. "Hey..."

"Huh?" Ben was opening the packet.

"Look at me." Lukas gently touched Ben's face. When Ben meet his blue eyes with green, Lukas went on. "I didn't say it to Brian to say something. I wanted him to know that we weren't different from him. That he had an ally somewhere, someone who knew what he was going through."

"I know. I'm glad you told someone." Ben didn't know why it had to have been Brian, though.

"I, also, didn't tell him to weaken you in his eyes. I was mostly trying to convey that he and Michael may find themselves right where we are. I wanted them to know and be prepared. I'd hate to think of anything... even cancer or HIV... destroying what they have."

"Luke, you have nothing to worry about. They're both too stubborn to be the one who'd let go first." Ben slid over Lukas' body, groin to ass. The rounded curves moved up to meet his hands. He spread the cheeks apart, playing at the sensitive hole. As he used the lubrication to prepare Lukas, Ben bent down to align his chest with the naked back. He kissed the cheek, the nestled his face in the blond curls at the back of Lukas' head. He started off with two fingers, then gradually increased to three.

"I love you... Jamie..."

"Love you, too..." Ben's cock tip was poised over the puckered entrance. He gently eased in, watching Lukas clutch the pillow.

Lukas raised his lower body up to meet Ben's thrust, crying out into the plushness. After some heavy pounding and grunting, he planted his hands on the bed, lifting his torso. "Ugh... Jamie... fuck me..." He felt Ben's knees kick his thighs wider, plunging in at the new, deeper position.

"You feel so good." Ben reached under to splay a hand over Lukas' stomach, willing to stroke him into another orgasm. His lips at Lukas's neck, Lukas leaning into his hair... Ben whispered into the ear. "Baby... cum for me... I wanna see you cum for me..."

"Keep... fuckin' me!" Lukas begged, moving his body upright. "Don't stop!" He whimpered and lay back on Ben's chest. Both of Ben's arms held him tight. Lukas' own hand reach down to jerk on his cock. He began to release his orgasm, semen dripping over his hand. "Cum in me... don't pull out..." He reached around to grab Ben's backside, helping the thrusts.

Ben eventually did ejaculate, but he shot one huge load, then several tiny ones as Lukas used his inner muscles to pump him dry. "Oh, God! Luke! Fuck!" His last climax sent him down, forcing Lukas to collapse on the mattress. Ben still continued to slide in and out, only to make sure he was completely spent. He pulled out before his body went weak. As he exited Lukas body, he heard the muffled obscenities being whispered into the pillows. Ben took off the condom, tieing it off.

When Lukas was finally ready to lift his head, able to talk now, he spoke over his shoulder to Ben. "Jamie... are you sure you don't want to play with Brian and Michael anymore?"

Ben sent his hands under Lukas, arms tight about the muscular chest. He shifted them to lay on their left sides, spooning back to front. "Your turn... next time." He let his hand caress Lukas' hip, soothing down the thick thighs.

"Well... Holy... listen to you." Lukas settled his cheek on the same pillow Ben was using. "Changed your tune about Brian, have you? Or are they as great as they seem as a Duo?"

"Luke... go to sleep." Ben nestled his face in Lukas' curls, inhaling the scent of his shampoo.

"Mmm... okay..." Lukas reached down to hold Ben's arms to his chest, shutting his eye lids. He was beyond content at this point, ready to move on in his new life with Ben. He could feel a certain chill enter his body after the warmth was leaving, so he reached down to draw up the blankets and comforter over their bodies. Both men fell asleep in a matter of minutes. Ben first, Lukas listening to Ben breathe into slumber. Lukas was out next, snuggling tighter into Ben's embrace and under the covers.

They would wake up hours later to repeat the same scenario, different positions, but both taking the Top and Bottom roles. It would be Sunday morning when they woke up and they decided that it would be a great day for breakfast in bed... then some more sex...

~~TBC...