Taking care to make as little noise as possible, Tom headed back into the room. When he noticed that Draco was still awake, he walked over to the boy’s bed. "Feeling better?" he asked softly.

"A bit," Draco answered in a small voice. “It-It’s not too bad, really.”

Tom wasn't terribly convinced, but he decided not to press the issue; regardless of talk to the contrary, Draco didn't seem the type who'd appreciate being fussed over. "I spoke with McGonagall," he said instead, quickly changing the subject.

"Oh. And...?"

"She promised me they'd deal with it."

"Right." Draco rolled his eyes. "Forgive me if I don't jump up for joy, won't you?"

Tom frowned. "Why the cynicism?"

Draco took a deep breath. "Well, how shall I put this? Harry Potter is the Hogwarts Golden Boy, Tom. He doesn't have to play by the rules. They'd probably let him get away with murder, even. Haven't you noticed? Last year, he cast a Dark Curse on me. Aside from Severus, no one as much as batted an eye."

"Did he, now? Well, the little bastard won't get off so lightly this time," Tom said with a self-satisfied sneer. "Trust me."

Draco gave a small smile when he realised he actually did.

"Now," Tom added, "get some rest. You'll need it if you want to heal properly."

"Yeah. Thanks for…. everything. Good night."

Tom smiled. He gently ran his fingers through Draco's hair. "Good night," he whispered, and walked over to his side of the room to get changed.

Draco took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling. He couldn't deny his increasing attraction to his roommate, and it was no longer because of certain physical aspects or the way the boy reminded him of the person he'd had a pointless crush on for so many years, either. Draco liked Tom Riddle, and as far as he could tell, that feeling was mutual. And although he was well aware that this insight should worry or even scare him, it didn't, not in the slightest.

Draco took another deep, bracing breath and made up his mind. "Tom?" he called out.

"Yes?"

"Would you.... erm?"

Tom, now dressed in a pair of green pyjamas, turned around and went back to the other side of the room. "Would I what, Draco? Is something wrong?"

"Sleep with me?" he asked, suddenly feeling awkward and out of his depth.

Tom frowned and crossed his arms. "Are we talking sleep sleep here?" he asked, sounding rather defensive. "Or is this your way of propositioning me? And if it's the latter, are you sure that would be a good idea, given your current state?"

Draco cleared his throat. Then he realised he was blushing. Something Malfoys didn't normally do, or so he'd been told long ago by someone whose opinion no longer mattered today. "Just sleeping," he answered uncertainly. "That is, if you want to. I don't..."

Tom smiled. "I think that might be nice, actually." He sat down on the bed and reached out his right hand to stroke Draco's cheek. "Is this all right?" he asked softly.

"Yes. It's... very nice."

They stayed that way for a while, quietly looking at each other, Tom caressing Draco's face.

"You know," Tom said, finally breaking the silence, "I've felt drawn to you from the moment I first saw you, though I don't really know why, and I..." He grinned. "I'm becoming quite fond of you, if you must know."

Draco gave a small smile. "Same here," he admitted softly, "of you, I mean."

"Can I kiss you?"

"I think... Yeah, I'd like that."

Tom leaned down. When their lips met, it was careful and gentle at first and this time, it was Draco who deepened the kiss, pulling Tom closer.

"So," Tom said when they broke apart again, both of them flushed and grinning rather goofily, "I take it you enjoyed that?"

"Hm," Draco murmured, the pain in his sides temporarily forgotten.

"There's more if you want it."

Draco chuckled. "I wouldn't say no to that."

"Just..." Tom hesitated. "When you get uncomfortable with something, tell me? Straight away? Before you get upset?"

Draco nodded. "All right."

"Good." Tom leaned down and kissed him again, very tenderly, the gesture more affectionate and reassuring than heated or urgent.

Funny, Draco thought, how he seems to know exactly what I need right now. "Join me?" he suggested.

"All right." Tom climbed into bed and wrapped his arms around the other boy.

Draco winced. "Fuck!"

"What?"

"Ribs."

"Right. Let's try this differently, then." Tom rolled onto his back and held out his arms. "Come here."

Smiling, Draco moved into the embrace and rested his head against Tom's chest. "Much better," he whispered. "Good night, Tom."

"Good night."

Stroking Draco's hair, Tom lay awake for a long time, thinking about this strange world he had landed himself in. He also wondered whether it would be possible for him to stay. He had nothing to go back to anyway, and Draco obviously needed him. Moreover, he was beginning to think that maybe he needed Draco too.

For the past hour, Harry had been sitting in the Gryffindor Common Room, in a chair by the window, gazing up at the stars.

Ron was seated nearby. He'd tried, numerous times, to engage his friend in conversation, but to no avail. Harry seemed miles away.

With each passing day, Ron was becoming more and more worried. Between the aggressive outbursts, the odd silences and the bouts of crying, his best friend clearly wasn't doing too well.

Hermione had suggested a talk with Professor Lupin. And although Ron had been apprehensive at first, knowing how much Harry loathed teacher interference, he was starting to think that they no longer had all that much choice in the matter. Things with Harry were going downhill fast, and something needed to be done.

The following morning, an hour before classes, the impromptu staff meeting took place.

When the teachers learned about the previous day's violent incident, most of them were baffled; all with the exception of one.

"From the way Mister Potter has been acting lately," Snape said with a smirk, "I'm amazed the castle's still standing. At least his wand has been confiscated, I see. One can only hope this will limit any further damage."

Minerva cleared her throat. "Actually, it was Tom Riddle who took that from him."

"Did he, now?" Snape sneered. "How amusing. So I assume Mister Potter, as well as attacking a fellow student, has also managed to make an enemy out of ... Him? Wonderful. Precisely what this school needed."

"It seems," Minerva said carefully, "that Tom has become pretty good friends with Draco. So when Harry attacked young Malfoy, Tom jumped to his defense and..." She trailed off.

Snape nodded gravely. "Right," he said after a long, unpleasant silence. “Perhaps it would be worth considering some... alternate means of tuition for Mister Potter?"

"Are you honestly suggesting we expell the boy?" Slughorn asked, clearly horrified at the notion. "But... but... we can't... he's... he's... Harry Potter!"

"We are all painfully aware of that, Horace," Snape shot back. "However, he is also becoming something of a liability to this school and everyone in it."

Minerva turned to the Head of Gryffindor House. "Remus, what are your thoughts on all this?"

"Er, well," the man replied, obviously still thinking things over, "it looks like the war hasn't ended yet for Harry. It still rages on in his heart. Before we resort to something as drastic as kicking the poor boy out of the first real home he's ever known, though, perhaps we could try some talking sessions, as well as an assessment from an expert healer at St. Mungo's? I believe that first and foremost, Harry needs help, not more punishment."

Snape couldn't help but roll his eyes at that, while Minerva gave Remus a grateful smile. "Severus?" she then said. Her voice was almost pleading.

Snape gritted his teeth. "Oh, very well," he finally said, and added darkly, "But if this backfires, Lupin, on your head be it."