The Rivalry
by PBQ 

There I was laying naked on the floor, sprawled out like an idiot as everyone watched me. How did I get here? Well it started when I was 9 years old. No, I’m not 9 not, I’m actually 29 years old. But it started when I was 9 years old when I met the bane of my existence, Leslie O’Neal. Leslie was supposed to be my friend. We did everything together. And then one day she invited me to her house for a sleepover. That is when this rivalry truly started. We were hanging out with two of her friends, and we were laughing and then, I fell asleep. While Leslie and her friends were awake, I fell asleep and that was a mistake. I remember distinctly waking up, butt naked locked outside. The girls peered at me through the window and all giggled as they saw me realize my predicament.

Luckily I was able to figure out how to open and climb through the window, but that day started something. The next sleepover, Leslie fell asleep and it was my chance to retaliate. So I did the exact same thing she did to me. I moved her outside and stripped her naked. I locked the doors and even locked the windows. She was pissed when she woke up, but she also seemed to laugh about it. Everytime we had a sleepover we would go back and forth until we stopped having sleepovers.

And then we sort of drifted apart. And then we came back during high school, but this time instead of during sleepovers, it was anytime of the day, anywhere we wanted. If we saw an opportunity, we took it. Therr were times where Leslie stole my clothes while I was showering in gym class. The girls all laughed as they saw me naked. I was so embarrassed but then I got payback by taking her clothes and throwing them outside the locker room, forcing her to make an embarrassing run outside.

And then after that happened, Leslie moved away. And I grew up. And everything stopped. That was until I got my hired at my new job. And discovered that we were coworkers. Naturally, that meant it was game on again. But Leslie was different. First, Leslie developed a lot better than I did. I was stuck with A cup boobs and very little hair between my legs. While Leslie had a much bigger rack and a fine ass too.

When Leslie saw me, she smirked an evil mischievous smirk. I should mention that Leslie was a higher rank than me and closer to the boss in relationship. The company I worked for required physical exams to new employees and to my dismay, Leslie was in charge of overseeing my exam.

Leslie met up with me and said. “Hey, Kayla. We should do the exam today. Meet me in Room 504 at 5:00.”

I sighed and agreed as I might as well have gotten it over with. So, when it was time I entered room 504 and waited for Leslie to arrive. I sat waiting and the time reached 5:10. I was getting a bit impatient. “Hey, where are you, I’m waiting in the room.”

Leslie responded. “Sorry, running late. Just strip naked and wait for me. I’ll knock when I get there.”

I sighed and without a second thought, I pulled my pants down. I blushed as I gazed at my Hello Kitty underwear. “Thank God, no one saw these. What was I thinking?” I mumbled to myself as I pulled my underwear down and stepped out of my pants and underwear.

I felt awkward as I looked at my completely bare crotch. Why did I shave? I should have figured it wouldn’t grow back. And now I was stuck bald as a baby with no hope of growing hair anytime soon. I sighed as I reached for my shirt and pulled it off. I glanced at my bra which had a bit of padding to give me an extra boost.

I pulled off my bra and folded it with the clothes. I put my underwear and bra at the bottom of the pile and placed them on the table. Now I was butt naked and waiting for Leslie to arrive to do my exam. I waited and waited and waited. “Hey are you naked?” Leslie texted me. “I’m heading up now.”

“Yeah, come on hurry up. I feel so exposed right now. It’s embarrassing.”

“Just lay down on the floor so when I enter I can immediately get started.”

I sighed as I laid down on my back, legs spread as I waited for Leslie. “Leslie, are you coming?”

“Are you laying naked and ready?”

“Yeah. Come on, someone’s going to come in and see me. Hurry up.”

Then the door swung open, the lights all turned on and Leslie walked in but she wasn’t alone. Everyone filed inside as I laid butt naked, sprawled on the floor like an idiot. “Looking good, Kayla,” Leslie laughed as she saw me. “Oh man, I can’t believe you fell for that. You really are naked. And what are these? Aw Hello Kitty undies. These are cute. Didn’t you wear these when you were 9?”

My face burned red as I reached to cover myself. Everyone was laughing as I laid there. But Leslie grabbed a hold of me and pulled my legs back, tying me in a pretzel. “Leslie! Stop!”

“How does it feel, Kayla? To be laying naked in front of all your coworkers?” Leslie snickered. “Guess I’m the victor here in this rivalry.”

“I’ll get you back for this,” I said as I struggled to hide myself.

“Oh you will?” Leslie said as she took a hold of my clothes. “Well, how about you worry about getting dressed first?”

She opened the window and tossed my clothes out. My eyes widened as I stood naked and without any clothes. “Leslie!” I cried.

“Better get running, Kayla. And consider this payback for making me run outside naked all those years ago. Oh and Kayla?”

“Yeah?”

“You’re fired.”
