Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they are both owned by their respective owners. I do own bits of the plot and Kysen.

Chapter Fifteen: So It Begins

With all his might
Did the Morningstar smite the knights

Gozaburo scowled at Lector as the knight entered the great hall, leaning forward. He had expected the man back before now, the fact that he was late doing nothing to improve the king's already foul mood. It was all the fault of that dragon that could turn human; as long as she was protecting Seto all his plans were worthless. She had even found a way to bind his son closer to her, giving him a child. Gozaburo gripped the edge of the table tighter, cursing his bad luck. Now, he wouldn't be able to move against them without turning his son from his cause. But that was ceasing to matter rapidly. Seto had shown no interest in helping him stabilize this kingdom, so Gozaburo was beginning to think that it was a waste of his time.

He motioned Lector forward, glaring at the knight as he stumbled over himself in his haste. His right hand man was usually not this clumsy, although it could be the fault of the dragon. Rex was known for his slightly sadistic streak. Playing with the knight's fear of heights wouldn't be too far beneath the dragon. He tapped on the table as the waited for the knight to properly gather himself, Lector crossing the final space between them. He gave a bow, refusing to look up at his king. So the news was that bad.

"My lord, Gansley and his dragon are dead. There are sights of an attack on the dragon by another…Rex says it was Atem." The king frowned; the name of the dragon meant nothing to him. Lector gave a minute twitch before clearing his throat. "There is substantial evidence that Crump and his dragon are also dead. Although there is news that the girl and Yugi's child are dead as well."

Gozaburo smiled, not caring that two of his own were dead. If they had managed to get themselves killed, it was not his worry. At least one of them had accomplished their mission. The resistance would die as the news trickled down to his kingdom. And, with that demonstration to the king of the kingdom to the north, his messenger would be accepted without question. The king leaned on his hands, clasping them under his chin as he thought carefully.

He had three more knights that he could send out. Everyone knew that there was nothing to the west but endless mountains to the sea. The people who made that their home would be easy to conquer if he ever needed that land. The next logical thing to do would to be send one dragon to the east to threaten the budding kingdom there. And that would leave him with two here. It would be prudent to keep one here with him to guard the castle and keep the rebellions of the peasants down. But where to send the other one?

There was always the south, the land of the nomads. But they had been killed off during his father's reign. Gozaburo sat up, staring at Lector as the man awaited his next orders. It wouldn't hurt to have the second dragon scout out that area, making a sweep of the south and the west, just to be sure that there were no growing threats. The king nodded to himself, the motion drawing Lector out of his bow. He summoned the man closer, glancing at the shadows of the room, not trusting that he would not be overheard.

"Send Johnson to the east and Nesbitt south. Tell Nesbitt to be ready to travel for a while, he is to scan for problems in the uncivilized lands, take account for resources that we can use later. You, Lector are to stay here." The man bowed out, rushing outside. Gozaburo sighed and stretched, following his knight at a more sedate pace.

He pushed the doors open and took a deep breath of the spring air, a smirk crossing his face. Now was the perfect time to be attacking, while all the other kingdoms were recovering from the blows that winter had dealt them and supplies were still low enough that they could be easily manipulated. His hand went to the hilt of his sword as he passed the two dragons that were chained up in the courtyard, the smaller white one snarling and trying to snap at Gozaburo. His own dragon wasn't giving him problems, but this small one was. It just wouldn't break like the black dragon had; it refused to give up, mostly spouting nonsense about a Morningstar, Atem and Gozaburo's doom. The king shook his head, coming to a stop in front of the aged black dragon, watching as Johnson climbed onto his orange dragon. The knight saluted his king before pulling the dragon toward the proper launching spot. Gozaburo smiled and clasped his hands behind his back, rocking back onto his heels and enjoying a moment of a good mood, knowing that the black mood he had been in before would fall on him as soon as he entered the castle again.

He stopped his motion as he caught a glimpse of white hair in one of the nearby windows. Some sixth sense told him that something was about to go horribly wrong. Gozaburo turned to look at Johnson, releasing a breath in a small sigh as he watched the knight lift off the ground, turning the dragon so it was heading east. He brushed off his odd feeling, putting it down to nervousness due to his plans going so well. And without a flaw. Something should have happened by now to set him back, and yet, nothing had. Gozaburo turned to head back into the castle, stepping aside as Nesbitt led his dragon to the launch point, ducking under the thin, insect-like wings of his dragon. He paused still hunched over, eyes widening as he watched Seto's whore run out into the courtyard.

"Don't you dare?" Kisara hissed as Seto caught a hold of her arm. She pulled herself away, glaring at her mate in anger, the expression making Seto take a step back. He was used to more placid expressions or anger being directed and someone other than him. In response to his retreat, Kisara took a step away, continuing in the direction she had been going.

"I'm tired of watching this happen, Seto. Don't tell me that you aren't. I want to stop this before Gozaburo kills more innocents. The sooner his is broken, the sooner we can be safe." She watched as Seto's shoulders slumped slightly, the only sight of defeat that he would give. Feeling pity, Kisara walked over to him, resting a hand on his cheek. "Please, I hear some of those dragons screaming to be freed. They don't want this anymore. I can't get to the two in the courtyard. I can only get to the others when they leave. This is my chance to help them. Please, Seto."

"What about Mokuba?" She smiled at his token protest, knowing what he was really saying.

"I won't let anything happen to me. Remember, I spent most of my life with Atem and you saw what he did to those soldiers all those months ago. I can take care of myself." He took her hand from his face, staring at her palm before placing a kiss on it.

"Come back safe." His voice was barely a whisper. Kisara sighed, wrapping him in a hug before running towards the courtyard. She could hear him wait a moment before rushing after her, shaking her head at her mate. He wouldn't stop her, but she wouldn't stop him from watching. Not if he was going to allow her to do this.

Kisara shoved the doors open, drawing her magic to her, smirking as she saw Gozaburo standing in shock, still bent over to avoid the wing of a dragon. She gave a short laugh, the sound turning into a rumble as her body shifted to her dragon form, wings spreading from her back as she let out a roar. It had been too long since she was like this. Part of her wondered why she had given this wondrous thing up, but she knew that Seto was worth it. She could survive as long as she revisited this form every once and a while, knowing that her magic wasn't strong enough to managed this change whenever she wanted. The white dragon stretched her wings even higher above her head before bring them down, the motion lifting her slightly from the ground. She continued to flap her wings, rising from the ground and watching as loose objects and some people went tumbling in the courtyard below. Seto was easily picked out from the rest, the tall brunette standing in the center of the maelstrom, watching her with a smile on his face. Kisara gave another roar before turning and heading after Johnson and his dragon at full speed.

It didn't take long for her to catch up to the smaller dragon, easily moving through the cold air to reach the orange dragon who was struggling without the use of thermals to rise. Kisara dove below the small orange dragon, shoving her shoulders into the stomach of the dragon to send it off course. As she pulled up to face the dragon, she heard the knight yelling at the dragon to breathe fire. She got a glimpse of the dragon's blue eyes, confusion in them as he turned to look at her. A tremble ran through the smaller dragon as it stretched out its neck. For a moment, its blue eyes flickered to the ground before looking at her with resolve. "I don't want this anymore. If you don't do anything, then I'll just drop."

Shocked, Kisara gave a nod, the smaller dragon smiling at the acceptance. It turned his head to snarl at the knight on his back. Before Kisara could react, the orange dragon flipped himself over, sending Johnson tumbling to the ground. The dragon looked back up at Kisara. "Free Paladin if you can, before he kills himself. And then bring Atem here. Make him destroy that human. I want to hear his screams from the stars."

Kisara was about to nod when the dragon twisted in the air, screaming as its bonded human impacted with the ground, merely feeling the pain of the horrible injuries. The white dragon darted out to catch the other dragon, holding them both up in the air before plunging her claws into the orange dragon's heart. It gave a happy sigh before slumping. Kisara gave a soft coo, gently guiding the dragon back to the ground and arranging it there. Tears gathered at the corners of her eyes as she realized how desperate this dragon had been, willing to kill himself by a fall from the sky. She brushed her claws over his head, stopping when she saw the streaks of blood that she left behind. Kisara turned to look at her claws, staring in horror at the blood that still dripped from them.

She had never killed for a reason other than food; there had been no reason for it. She had see Atem kill for seemingly no reason before, but always had grudgingly admired her friend for being able to shove it off and continue to live. But this was a shock to her. She had always been the weak one, the one who needed the protection of the others. The one who was always cringing behind Atem and pleading for mercy. What had happened to that dragon? Where was she hiding? Something had changed in the past few years and, while she no longer felt like she was weak, she was aware of her limits and no longer allowed them to be the idea that she dwelled on. She had changed without noticing it.

Carefully, she wiped the blood from her claws, examining them in the sunlight before turning to look back at the white castle that was glowing in the sunlight. She snarled as she realized that another dragon had lifted off, heading for the south. She almost wanted to go after the dragon herself, but she wasn't sure that she could stand being the murderer of another of her kind. Besides, she had a promise to fulfill. Kisara launched herself into the air again, flying quickly for the castle. She circled over the structure once before coming in for a landing, the wind sweeping humans to the side. Kisara lowered his head and hissed, stalking over to the smaller white dragon. Keeping an eye on the rest of the humans, she found the bracket that secured the chains to the ground, grunting as she tore it from the stone. Working quickly, Kisara loosed the dragon on one side and backed away, hissing at the badly healed injuries that littered the dragon's body.

On his part, Paladin merely gave himself a shake before smiling at her. He darted away, heading away from where the second dragon and knight had gone, probably trying to find a place where he could heal in safety. Kisara smiled after him, absently kicking chains out of her way before she walked over to Akhnamkanon, leaning over to claw at the brackets. She had to jump to the side as the black dragon moved his head, snapping at her feet. Kisara snarled at the dragon before returning to her station. "I'm trying to help you!"

"Save yourself first!" Akhnamkanon jerked his head in the direction of the king, Kisara having ignored him this long. The white dragon swallowed nervously as Gozaburo pulled out his sword, advancing towards them. Kisara looked back down at Akhnamkanon, pleading with her eyes. The black dragon shook his head. "Save your family first."

"Kisara!" She spun around at Seto's call, quickly hurrying over to her mate and crouching by him, head turned so that she could still see Gozaburo. Seto also had his sword out, glaring at his father as he pointed it at the king. "Go upstairs and get Mokuba. Get everything you two will need to survive for a while."

She nodded, quickly shifting back to her human form before dashing back inside. She winced at the feel of cold stone under her feet, quickly scrambling up the stairs to the second level of the castle before she rushed to their chambers, slamming the door behind her as she darted in. Kisara leaned back against the door to catch her breath before rushing over to her closet, pulling a simple dress from it and slipping it on. She glanced down at shoes before forgoing them. Instead, she snatched up a pack from the closet and began to pile stuff in it, remembering to include clothes for Mokuba. Slinging the pack over her shoulder, Kisara scooped up the squalling baby and rushed from the rooms, taking the servant's entrance to the castle.

As expected, Seto was waiting for her there, grabbing her arm and hauling her toward the stable. She barely had time to think before Mokuba was taken from her so she could mount the horse, the infant passed up to her before Seto swung astride the animal. He turned the horse for the exit, giving the animal a sharp kick in the sides. Kisara yelped, leaning back against her mate as the horse bolted from the stables, galloping for the front gates. She kept her tight hold on Seto as he urged the horse to greater speed once it was away from the castle, a screech from behind making Kisara peer around her mate. The woman gasped as she saw the brown and purple rising from the castle, the dragon screaming as it turned abruptly and swooped down toward them. She heard Seto curse before he leaned slightly more forward, protecting them with his own body.

The attack that was expected never came. Instead, there was the sound of another pair of wings and a strong wind as something moved over them. Kisara tensed at the scent of fire, looking up to see Paladin execute a back flip in the air to take him away from the singed Rex, chortling to himself before he began to skim along the ground beside Seto. He nodded to the two before looking over his shoulder. "I'll keep him occupied, Kisara."

Seto nodded for her, the horse bolting at the sight of a dragon so close. Kisara winced as the animal stumbled, trying not to fall off as the horse slipped over the slope. Her other arm wrapped more tightly around her son, wishing that she could calm his frightened screaming. The poor boy probably didn't know what had happened to him, just snatched up from his nap and carried off. Part of her wished that she had stayed as a dragon so that she could help defend her family instead of leaving it up to Paladin, who was still injured. But she didn't have the strength for another transformation, leaving her to cling to Seto.

She let out a sigh of relief as the horse leapt the last foot to flat ground, tossing its head as Seto turned it around. He glanced back up the hill, shifting in the saddle before turning the horse in a certain direction, aiming for the pine woods that lined the boarder of the kingdom. Seto urged the animal back into a full gallop, Paladin skimming by to launch another attack before pushing off the ground with a grunt to slam his shoulders into Rex's belly. The purple and brown dragon let out a roar of anger, slashing at the smaller white dragon and missing as Paladin darted away. Kisara gave a slow shake of her head, watching the deadly dance above her head, almost not noticing the slowing of the horse's stride until she pitched forward with the change.

Seto's hands on her hips encouraged her to slide back, sitting more comfortably in the saddle as he slid off the animal. Kisara reached out for him, catching his hand as Seto tried to pull away. "What are you doing?"

"The horse can't carry us both long enough for us to get away. Now go, that dragon will protect you."

"Seto!"

"No arguments." Seto looked up at his son a brief smile crossing his face. "Keep him safe. I want to see you both when this all is over."

He slapped the horse on the rump, the animal taking off despite Kisara's protests. She grimly gripped the reins with one hand, hating Seto's logic as the horse raced for the forest, Paladin following close as he continued to distract Rex from attacking directly. Of course Seto would be right, he would have to be right and then decide to protect them. She bit her lip to keep from screaming. Her mate could be so stubborn!

Kisara looked over her shoulder, seriously contemplating turning back when she saw Rex swoop down, snatching up Seto in his claws before returning to the castle. Paladin stopped, giving a keen before flipping again and skimming next to Kisara, shaking his head. "I'm sorry. I couldn't stop him."

"I know. And we will get him back." Kisara spoke the words through gritted teeth, tears falling from her eyes. They had taken him from her. They had stolen something precious to her. These humans, they would pay with their lives.

Now she could understand how Atem could kill so easily. It was so clear when the only emotion left was rage, the cold anger that left the mind unencumbered and ready to plan. Now, she could do anything unhindered by her past prohibitions. They had stolen Seto from her, taken her mate away without her permission, leaving her alone with only their son. And that was a bad position to have left her in. Did Gozaburo not know what happened when a female of any species was left to defend their young? Anything could happen. Her grip on the reins tightened, glancing up at the sky towards the south. Her eyes narrowed as she saw the dragon and his knight still flying away. She should take care of that, since no one else would.

Kisara growled, the sound dying in her throat as a roar shattered the silence. She pulled the horse up abruptly, Paladin landing beside her and crouching on the ground, trembling as the echoes came back on them. The echoes were not even allowed to stop before another roar came, this one even more chilling than the first. Kisara held Mokuba closer to her, trying to calm her son as the new roar echoed around the valley. She tried to turn her horse away, feeling the animal begin to tremble as it because too much for it. Before she could complete the move, something shot out of the nearby forest, easily gaining a high altitude before the thing had to open its wings, the edges of the membrane red in the sunlight. Kisara felt her own mouth fall open in shock as Atem tossed back his head and gave another roar.

How dare he?

How dare he move against his home?

Better yet, how dare that dragon to obey the orders willingly?

Atem narrowed his eyes as he pulled out of his hover, diving from his height to gain speed, smirking as he saw the dragon look over his shoulder nervously. He flapped his own wings faster, easily making better time than the dragon with the knight on its back. After all, he was barely larger than this dragon and better at flying, the thin membranes that this dragon had making him slow and cautious. Atem snarled as he caught up to the dragon, rolling under the nervously twitching claws before coming up in front of the dragon and grabbing its muzzle. Atem winced as he quickly shifted to a hover, his muscles protesting the move as he hauled the dragon's eyes up to meet his, blue clashing with red. Atem chuckled as he heard the human scramble to stay on the dragon's back, ignoring the human in the next moment as he closed his claws more securely around the dragon's muzzle.

"What are you doing, Weevil?"

"Following orders." Atem thought he saw resolve pass through the green dragon, Weevil trying to straighten himself up. "Like you should be."

"Say that again." Atem snarled and leaned closer to the dragon, baring his teeth as he watched Weevil squirm.

"We never would have done this if you had just listened to all of us and died!" Weevil dug his claws into Atem, ripping through scales and coming dangerously close to his heart. The black and red dragon released Weevil with a scream of pain, back winging as he tried to get away from the claws. He looked down at his chest and stomach, scowling at the blood that was running down it. Somewhere, Yugi would be feeling the same pain, all because of Weevil. Atem jerked his head back up with a growl, his smirk returning as Weevil backed away, looking around to find a way out.

"Are you going to beg for mercy, Weevil?" Atem chuckled to himself, pulling himself nearly upright. His muscles complained against this move too, the hover harder now to hold up against the pull of gravity. But effect was worth it. Now, the sun could tint parts of his body and wings red, and it would make him look bigger than he actually was. Enough to make Weevil wish that he had never agreed to share his heart with a worthless human under Gozaburo. He stared at Weevil, waiting for any response from the dragon.

There was none. Even the knight on his back was silent. Atem fought back the urge to laugh, instead just lashing his tail. "No? Fine then."

He didn't want to kill Weevil now. No. He wanted to completely annihilate him. He wanted to show him what he thought about the betrayal that Weevil had participated in, wanted to get his revenge against the injury of his mate. Atem reached out with a snarl, claws sinking to Weevil's, muzzle and neck as he hauled the dragon closer. "I would have thought that you would think twice before attacking me."

Weevil looked around frantically before his eyes settled on Atem's chest, looking over the bloodstained scales where his heart was. Atem snarled as Weevil made a sound of disgust, refraining from digging his claws deeper into the annoying green dragon. "I forgot. You actually enjoy being bonded to your human, Atem. It's too bad I couldn't-"

The rest of the sentence was cut off as Atem snarled, shoving Weevil away as flames licked at the bad of his throat. He didn't want to hear the rest of what the dragon would say, knowing that it would do nothing to ease his temper. Instead, Atem opened his mouth and allowed the fire to come out, the flames licking at Weevil's hide. Both the dragon and the human screamed, Weevil trying to extract himself from the stream of fire. Atem scowled at the move before, shutting his mouth, wincing as the fire burned the roof of it.

Fighting off the increasingly uncomfortable feeling, Atem forced Weevil closer to the ground, swooping over the green dragon to slash through his wing membrane and over his back. Weevil screamed in pain, scrambling to his feet as he landed on the ground. Atem touched down a mere second after him, watching in amusement as the dragon and human tried to escape their separate ways. Atem sent the human flying into a tree with a flick of his tail, ignoring the whimpers of pain as he strode over to Weevil, pressing the writhing dragon into the ground. Black tendrils of magic closed around the other dragon's neck, stomach and tail, keeping him pinned to the ground as Atem stepped back, tipping his head to the side.

Weevil had only a moment to wait before Atem unleashed his fire again, the green dragon screaming as he was burned alive. The black and red dragon narrowed his eyes against the glow from the fire, the center already turning a deep blue from the heat he was putting out. And still Weevil hadn't been destroyed. He snapped the magical bindings easily through the dead dragon's body, breaking it up as it finally succumbed to the dark flames.

Atem cut off the stream of fire, swaying for a moment before circling around the still burning body. He looked back at the human, knowing that the knight was dead by now, long dead since his dragon had perished. The black and red dragon sighed before giving his wings a feeble beat to put out the flames, watching pieces of ashes dance in the wind. Now that there was nothing left, Atem had the horrible feeling that he had gone too far, even though he had curbed his temper more than usual.

Weakly, he walked away from the ashes, shouldering through the trees and out into the open, nearly collapsing. He winced, closing his eyes for a moment. Yes, he had done something incredibly stupid. The combination of magic and producing fire at a far higher temperature than he was used to had exhausted him completely. Atem opened his eyes, wincing as he moved and stretched the wounds on his chest. What he wanted right now was to curl up with Yugi and Kysen, both his anger and energy spent.

He lifted his head, searching for the place that he had left them. Turning slightly, Atem began to trudge back to the place where his mate was waiting for him, head dropping as he forced himself to keep going. He managed to laugh at himself; his poor mate had to care for his child as well as Atem while Atem did almost nothing to help besides edging himself closer a useless state.

Atem stopped at the sound of hoof beats, pausing with one foot still in the air as he turned to look at the source of the sound. His mouth dropped open as he saw Kisara and a small white dragon running towards him. He barely had time to put his foot down for balance before the white dragon barreled into him, knocking him flat on his back with his breath escaping in one long rush. He gave a weak cough before trying to shove Paladin off him, hissing at the pain that his wounds caused.

The smaller white dragon got the hint, clambering away and looking at Kisara. The human woman smiled at him, pulling her horse to a stop beside him. Atem gave a nod to his friend before standing up slowly and beginning to walk back toward where he had left his mate. He was not surprised when Paladin and Kisara followed him, even ducking under the branches of the trees. Atem growled as Paladin tried to dash ahead, not in the mood for the dragon's bouncy behavior.

He turned around as Paladin tensed, his head lifting to sniff the wind. "Atem, there are humans here."

"Yes." Atem nodded at Kisara before looking back into the forest, mentally calculating how long it would be until he reached Yugi, wanting nothing more than to curl up and sleep for a while. "I brought my mate with me."

"But…oh…" Paladin looked embarrassed, scuffing at the ground before running to catch up to Atem. "I thought they were all joking when they said that."

"Who was joking, Atem?"

The black and red dragon sighed, ready to answer her question when he heard a soft curse. His head whipped around in the direction of the sound, irritation forgotten as he recognized the voice. Cautiously, Atem moved towards the area the sound had come from, using his claws to pull apart the budding branches, a smile on his face as he spotted Yugi, struggling to untangle himself. He helped his mate free, backing away as Yugi stumbled back into the open, the smile on his face disappearing when Yugi motioned for him to come closer.

He hissed as Yugi brushed a hand over one of his wounds, the prince wincing as well. Atem gave a little whine and lowered his head, nudging his mate as Yugi rubbed his chest. "Are you okay, love?"

"Yeah, but I'm more worried about you. That one really hurt you." Yugi hugged him close, giving him a kiss before pulling away. He frowned, running his hand over Atem's check. "You're cold."

The dragon nodded, nudging Yugi back in the direction of their temporary camp. "I'll be fine. Food and rest and I'll be back to normal." Atem gave a purr, smile twitching at the corner of his mouth as Yugi groaned at the vibrations. "I just overexerted myself."

"Atem!" The dragon winced, looking back over his shoulder at Kisara, who had slid down from her horse. The animal gave a snort, dancing at the end of the reins. A growl from Kisara stopped the horse before the woman led the animal closer to Atem. The black and red dragon tensed at the glare that she was giving him, realizing that she had just realized how bad he looked. Atem sighed and pressed his head against Yugi, not wanting to face his friend at the moment.

He knew how sickly he looked when compared to the others, still not able to gain the weight he had lost with the life he was leading. Constant movement and fights hadn't done anything to improve his diet. Not to mention the added worry of caring for his mate and son in enemy territory. While he wasn't exactly skeletal anymore, bones were still visible through his scales.

At the thought, he partially opened his wings and pressed them against his sides, leaning into Yugi as he felt Kisara reach out to touch him with one hand. He shuddered as Kisara gasped, yanking her hand away like she had been burned. The black and red dragon shifted away from her, nudging Yugi to start walking. The prince gently pushed on his head, encouraging Atem to look up at him. He complied, blinking at Yugi as the prince smiled. "Let's get you back."

He followed Yugi, readjusting his wings so he could fit through the tight spaces more easily, wincing when he heard the sound of Kisara and Paladin following them as well. As much as he was relieved that his friend was alright, he didn't need her worrying over him at the moment. And he didn't need the smaller white dragon tagging along. He just wanted an afternoon to himself without anyone begging for explanations.

The sound of a baby crying drew his attention. He looked down at Yugi who didn't look as worried. "He's probably just woken up from his nap and is missing you. He won't be hungry for another few minutes. That demand sounds entirely different from this one."

Atem chuckled and lurched into a jog, ducking to avoid a branch as he entered into the large clearing that they had found. He saw Yugi dash ahead of him, laughing as he saw Ryou looking confused and stressed as he held Kysen, eagerly passing the infant off to Yugi. Atem arrived a second behind Yugi, dropping his muzzle down as the sobs slowed to a stop, the baby sniffing at the presence of his parents. It gave a happy coo, reaching up for Atem. The black and red dragon sighed, laying down on the ground before shifting so Kysen could reach him.

At first the baby seemed to calm, but it was only a moment before it stared up at him, tears forming again. Atem gave a rumble of confusion, pulling back and shooting a look at Yugi. The prince shrugged, "You feel colder than normal, and it is noticeable. It might scare or confuse him." Atem hung his head, looking up as Yugi rested a hand on him. "Marik will be back with food soon. Just relax until then.

"But first," Yugi gave the dragon a playful shove, "onto your back."

"Taking advantage of my vulnerability, my heart?" Atem laughed as he complied, watching as Yugi blushed.

"No!" There was a spark of interest in the violet eyes at the hidden invitation, but it disappeared quickly. "I don't want those to get infected."

Atem pressed his head back against the ground, watching as Kysen was passed back to Ryou, the poet looking frazzled. The distraught look on his face earned a bark of laughter from Bakura, who was reclining against a tree. The poet quickly walked over to his lover, glaring at him before sitting down and snuggling against him. Per usual, the show of affection quieted Bakura as the thief took the opportunity to give Ryou a hug before removing Kysen from the poet's nervous hold.

The dragon blinked as Yugi snatched up his pack, digging a small jar out of it before rushing back to him. Atem lay still as Yugi clambered up onto him, staring at the wounds before shaking his head and opening the jar. Atem's nostrils wrinkled as he caught the scent of one of Solomon's salves, guaranteed to speed healing time. But he also remembered that it burned when applied. He groaned, readying himself for torture. Yugi laughed, stroking the scales nearest to him. "It's not that bad."

Kisara and Paladin entered the clearing, Atem closing his eyes as they both immediately walked over to where he was, Kisara pausing to loop the reins of the horse over a tree. The sounds of a baby crying made Atem open his eyes again, resisting the urge to jump up and see to Kysen with Yugi still perched on him. The black and red dragon blinked slowly as the unfamiliarity of the sounds registered, craning his head back to see Kisara working on calming an infant in her arms, Paladin hovering nervously over her. Atem chuckled, the sound drawing her attention to him. "So I see that you and your mate had luck this year?"

He yelped at the sensation of burning on his chest, glancing back up at Yugi who gave a pained shrug. "You were distracted."

"You realize that I will have my revenge for this torture?" He smiled as Yugi laughed, the prince stretching out to rub the scales on his belly. Atem groaned, throwing his head back, claws twitching slightly. He heard Yugi burst out laughing again, opening one eye to glare at his mate.

Instead of being intimidated, Yugi shook his head and moved to the next wound, beginning to spread the salve. Atem bared his teeth against the pain, tail lashing as he fought against making a keen of pain. He could feel Yugi leaning heavily on one hand as the other painted the salve over his wounds, the fingers digging into Atem's skin. He glanced up at Yugi, relaxing as the burning faded, both of them recovering from the pain. Together, the stared at the remaining wounds, already feeling that there were too many.

"Atem?" The black and red dragon let his head fall back to the ground, looking at Kisara as she carefully walked up, giving Yugi a weak smile. "I guess I was right when I said that you would save him."

He nodded, trying to get a good look at the baby that Kisara held. The woman chuckled, holding the infant out so they could see it. Atem heard Yugi gasp, the prince leaning over to see the child better. His red eyes moved back to his mate as Yugi spoke. "That looks a lot like…"

Kisara nodded, smiling down at her child. "Seto thought so too."

"Seto?" Yugi lost his balance, falling off the dragon. Atem grunted and moved quickly, rolling to his side and catching Yugi. The prince gaze a weak smile, holding onto Atem as the dragon lowered him back to the ground, snatching up the jar before going back to work. The black and red dragon turned his head to watch his mate, noticing how distracted he looked. "So, you and Seto?"

"Yes." Kisara was blushing now, not even looking at Yugi. Atem felt her eyes running over him as a distraction from Yugi. "We've been helping each other survive…"

She trailed off, eyebrows lowering as she frowned. Atem grunted as Yugi spread more of the salve on his wounds, digging his claws into the ground. With his back turned to the woman, Yugi didn't see her expression, continuing on. "I don't mind. It's just good that he has someone. Last one, Atem." The last part of the sentence was addressed to the dragon, who gave a stiff nod and shifted so that Yugi could reach the last wound, this one running down onto his stomach. "He doesn't really open up to anyone anymore. I was worried about him, it can't be good to keep everything all pent up."

Atem looked back over at Kisara as she followed Yugi as the prince came to the end of the wound, petting Atem's stomach before backing away to search for the top to the jar which had been lost when Atem had caught Yugi. The red and black dragon gave a trill of thanks to his mate before a gasp from Kisara brought his attention back to Kisara, Yugi sticking close to him at the sound.

Her touch on the lower half of his stomach surprised him, inhaling to draw his scales away from her touch before relaxing. He propped himself up, staring at where Kisara was tracing over the old scar. She pulled her hand back before backing away from him, looking up at his side, where the skin was pulled taught over bones. "What happened to you, Atem?"

The black and red dragon jumped as she burst into tears, rushing back up to his head and running her hand over it. He could tell that Yugi and Paladin had no idea what to do as well, staying where they were and watching in confusion. He was also shocked that Kisara had reacted like this, bursting into tears instead of searching for a solution. Something must have happened before she came here, something that she was still trying to work herself over. And that was why she was so focused on him.

Carefully, Atem nudged her back, rolling completely onto his stomach. He glanced up as Kysen began sobbing, demanding food. He gave Yugi a pleading look as the prince scurried off to retrieve his son. He wanted Yugi by him while he dealt with Kisara. The prince gave a nod, quickly retrieve their son and all the things that he would need as Kisara sat down by Atem's foreleg, leaning carefully back against him, shuddering at the temperature. He gave a soft trill as she wiped the tears off her cheeks, glancing up as Paladin settled down by them as well.

"I'm sorry, Atem. It's just becoming too much." She finally got a hold of herself, the old resolve returning to her blue eyes, not elaborating on her last statement as she stared at him. "Tell me what happened Atem."

The black and red dragon waited until Yugi was cuddled close to him, taking the time to greet his son before looking back at Kisara, noticing that the woman had leaned forward to peer at Kysen, confusion in her eyes. Atem rested his head on the ground, close to Yugi. "I hid in a cave, the one by the waterfall, for four years. I was the crazy dragon that all the knights talked about. It didn't lend itself to any kind of lifestyle."

"But where did you get that scar, Atem?"

"Timaeus." Atem looked away at her gasp, his tail flicking from side to side. "It wasn't the way you think. I was…sick and it was the only way to cure me."

He didn't want to go into all of the details, already watching Yugi suppress shudders at the memory. He didn't want to think about that time at all, his memories of that time containing pain and hallucinations of Yugi. Atem shot a glare at Paladin to keep the smaller dragon silent, smirking as the white dragon yelped and ducked his head under his wing.

"Oh," Kisara nodded, still seemingly distracted by something. Atem gave a trill, the sound making her look up. "You survived. If you can, then I can."

He narrowed his eyes at the comment, tilting his head as he studied his friend. "Kisara, what happened?"

She lowered her head, hair hanging in front of her face as she stared down at her son. Atem blinked slowly, returning his head back to its former position, hearing Yugi shift forward also. He tensed as he heard her sniff, finally looking up and brushing away stray tears that had fallen from her eyes. Atem was about to ask her again when she shook her head. "They took him away from me, Atem. They took my mate."

Seto winced as his head hit the wall of the dungeon, rubbing it irritably while he stared at his father. Gozaburo simply smirked at him, striding into the cell without a care. After all, what did he have to worry about? Seto had no weapons and he was completely at the mercy of his father, he couldn't escape without that damn dragon catching him. And he couldn't run in case he led them right to Kisara and Mokuba.

He pulled his hand away from the back of his head, staring at it to check for blood before sitting back and crossing his arms, waiting out his father. Fortunately for him, Gozaburo's patience was beaten down by his pride. "So, you thought you could get them all away safely."

"It worked."

"No, Seto. You are still here and they are out there, among the peasants who hate us. Do you honestly think that she will last long without you, the weak girl that she is?"

Seto fought to keep the smirk off his face, knowing that his father had badly misjudged Kisara. She would be fine. He only worried that she would try and rescue him without a stable plan. He had seen her in anger, hot-headed and temperamental, dangerous to herself. Hopefully, the presence of the other dragon and their son would make her think things through clearly before acting. Better yet, Seto hoped that she found a place to raise Mokuba to adulthood and wait to save him. While he hated the idea of being held against his will, there was nothing else yet to do. It was now the peasants' move.

Now was their chance to attack the castle, while Gozaburo had only one dragon and far too few soldiers to protect him. But that would mean that they would have to get over their fear of the king and be willing to work together long enough to accomplish this feat. If only it was safe enough for Mahad to bring Yugi's son down or Yugi himself showed up to boost the peasants' courage. Then things would finally get done.

He jerked away as Gozaburo made to grab his shoulder, stumbling back from his father, his hand still going for the sword that wasn't there. The king glared, hand falling back to his side. "I had everything planned for you. You could have had the world, Seto, you were strong enough."

"This kingdom is Yugi's, not yours, not mine." Seto rocked back onto his heels, the small motion keeping him away from Gozaburo's mad swipe. "I don't want what world you can give to me. I can take what I want all on my own. I have never needed your help, father, and I never will."

"I am your king, Seto. You-"

"No." Seto cut him off, blue eyes flashing dangerously. "You are not my king. I do not bow to you; I will only kneel to Yugi and no one else."

"Your king is dead, Seto." Gozaburo was grinning, but there was a hint of insecurity in the gaze.

Seto raised one eyebrow. "So says you."

Gozaburo froze in his advance, a tremble running through his body before he backed out of the cell, slamming the door. Seto remained in place as he heard the grinding of metal as the door was locked. He only moved then, walking with long strides to the door and leaning against it. His father could be heard storming away, the echoes of his shouts still reverberating. "Only give him water, no food. I want him to be begging me for his life when this is all over."

"So you think, father," Seto mumbled to himself as he pushed away from the door, his cold blue eyes scanning over the cell. It had four stone walls, the stone beginning to slow decline into the mildewed look that most dungeons possessed, one of the walls having the wooden door in it. Seto tapped once on the wooden door, humming at the solid sound that came back to him. A heavy wooden door that would open inward, forcing him to be the one who stepped back and acting as a barrier to those who entered. In the corner there was a torn blanket over a pile of straw, the former probably only there because some maid had heard that he would be spending the rest of his days down here and wanted to show some pity.

Seto crossed the room, sitting on the straw and blanket before leaning back against the wall, staring at the ceiling above him. He didn't bother trying to figure out where his cell was in the castle and what room it was under. Even if he found a way to talk to the people above, they wouldn't do anything to help him out. They could only rebel in subtle ways, like the blanket, as that was all their fear allowed them to do. But he was grateful for the little rebellions. Eventually, even if he was long gone before then, the peasants would have the strength to throw Gozaburo and any of his heirs from the throne. Seto was a patient man.

His only goal was to get out of this prison and find Kisara. He would gladly slip into hiding with them and wait out the end of Gozaburo as it was the only thing he could do now. He had moved too soon, showing that he would support Kisara, and therefore the peasants, over his father. And, this time, Gozaburo had believed that the decision was made by him and not a delusion fed by Kisara. Unfortunate, yes, but there were always worse things.

The brunette shifted into a more comfortable position, letting his eyes close as he dozed. For now, he could only wait and plan, plotting for that one moment when a guard would slip up or a moment of rebellion would allow him to pass into the castle and escape. Until then, he would rest from the intrigues of the court.

Mahad pulled his horse up, mouth dropping open as he saw what the peasants had set up. He paused before urging his horse forward, steering it around a bunch of peasants who were charging at trees with sharpened and fire-hardened stakes. His horse tossed its head, probably picking up on the atmosphere that they hadn't been in for years. Absently, he petted the horse's neck, looking up as a blonde stepped in front of him, crossing his arms.

The knight signaled his horse to stop, looking over his shoulder to see the peasants with the sharpened stakes lining up behind him. Mahad shrugged and looked back at the blonde, surprised to see a badly burnt black haired man standing but him. He gave a respectful nod of his head, knowing that this arrangement was a subtle way of surrounding him, much more complex than he thought that peasants could accomplish.

"What are you doing here?" The question came from the blonde, the black haired man taking a step forward to stand by his horse. Mahad had to pull his gaze away from the burn marks on the man's neck, not wanting to be caught staring and, possibly, insult the peasants. He looked up, eyes widening as he saw more peasants practicing with bows and arrows and some more awkwardly swinging farm implements. He blinked and shook his head, looking back down at the blonde.

"I came to find the village where Tèa lived, but I found it burnt to the ground. So I sought out where the people would be hiding and found you here."

"Tèa?" The blonde broke into a smile, the expression making Mahad wince. He didn't want to be the one to break the news to these people. He didn't want to watch as their spirits broke. He didn't want to be the one who watched them go back to their hopeless lives, all because he had been unable to do one thing. He hadn't been able to protect a young woman from Gozaburo. Mahad slumped in the saddle with a sigh.

Why had he thought that he would be able to protect her in the first place? After all, he had been the one who had lost Yugi to the dragon. He had been unable to protect his charge, the one he had looked after since his birth in the most important of all situations. Why would have he been able to care for the safety of one young woman and her child?

He flinched as the blonde bounded forward, all the peasants suddenly dropping their alert stances. "How is she?"

Mahad swallowed harshly, forcing himself to stare at the blonde. "The baby was a boy."

There was a cheer from the crowd, all except for the burned man. Mahad watched him frown, knowing that the man had noticed his avoidance of the question. The man tipped his head to the side, raising an eyebrow as he did so. Yes, Mahad would have to explain it all. Maybe here he would father enough allies to take Tèa's son away from the dragon and help the infant back to a normal life; his father would take more help.

Mahad cleared his throat as the chaos died, leaving him nervously shifting on his horse. After a split second decision, Mahad dismounted, resting a hand on the blonde's shoulder in a compassionate gesture. "They died."

"W…what?" The blonde took a step back, Mahad's right hand dropping to his side, twitching in readiness to reach for his sword. He turned as the black haired man took a step forward, scowling threateningly. The blonde recovered his powers of speech a mere moment later. "You were supposed to protect them!"

"I did to the best of my abilities, but Gozaburo's knight got there before I could. He would have killed the child but…" Mahad gave a shrug, not really wanting to admit that a dragon had succeeded where he had failed. He sighed, running a hand through his short black hair. "The baby is safe. Unnamed, but safe, I promise you that."

"Then where is he?" It was the black haired man that spoke this time, green eyes narrowed in anger.

"Yugi has him." Mahad nearly growled as the peasants broke out into whispers. "Yugi was the one who saved his son. He was the one who killed the knight and the dragon!"

"I heard that he commanded a dragon to save a village in the north!"

After the first peasant cried out, there were nods, encouraging another to speak. "I saw that same dragon attack one of Gozaburo's dragons this afternoon!"

"Our prince has come back to defend us! He seeks vengeance against the false king!"

The blonde shot Mahad a sideways glance before raising his hands. "And he now protects our future king! Let's use this to our advantage and strike as he whittles down Gozaburo's strongest forces. We can still bring this tyrant down!"

"Create a battle flag!"

"Yes, something to strike fear in their hearts!"

"Black and red, like the dragon!"

"Yes, black and red!"

The blonde looked away, watching the peasants return to their tasks, a few breaking off to produce the proposed banner. Their leader turned a steady glare to the knight, the burned man coming to stand next to him. Mahad returned their stares and waited for their judgment. It was what he deserved for betraying their trust like that. The blonde was, surprisingly, the first to look away. "You can find Yugi and bring him here. If we are working for the same goal, we could at least talk to each other."

Mahad gave a nod and swung onto his horse. He sent the animal forward in a gallop, heading for the place that he had first seen that accursed dragon break through the trees. His hands clenched on the reins as he fought back a growl. The peasants would worship the dragon and the man they thought commanded the creature, but Mahad knew the truth. He just couldn't see why the creature would care about them. It was probably some twisted joke on the part of the dragon. And he would not allow the creature to use Yugi and the prince's son like that.

Read and review please. Criticism is always welcome.