CAROL, MOM & ME
CHAPTER 101


I hope that those who have been following this series of chapters have enjoyed it.

There HAS been a problem with a FEW jerks here at ASSTR that have seen fit to send me many virus loaded emails.
THAT is why I have stayed away from entering the newest chapterS. Aside from being quite ill for a while.

I am taking a chance once more, that maybe common sense will prevail, and the poison emails will cease.
Its a lousy thing to do to ANYONE.


CAROL, MOM & ME
CHAPTER 101

Please write and let me know what you think of this series, or how I should bring it to a finality????

A new note for those following the series, there seems to be a problems lately with the Republican.com email address. I was in the middle of reading someone's response, and all my saved emails disappeared for some reason. Including the one that I was just reading...even before I could respond. So I would appreciate if those people would resend their critigue to:

TSMITH3680@YAHOO.COM
Thanks,

SCORPIO

CAROL, MOM & ME

CHAPTER 101

   It was still dark when I awoke.
Mom was facing me, on her side with her tits softly pressed into me.  Her arm under mine around me.

How nice she smelled. How wonderful her body felt pressed against me in this love we shared.
Illegal as it was, it was still genuine.

Her leg was wrapped ove mine and my cock was right at the valley of her wonderful womanhood.
Her soft breathing, as I held her to me.

I lightly stroked her hair. Her mind caught in dreams.
My own mother, laying here in bed with me, sharing her complete self with me.
Taking, giving, sharing all with me.

I moved my upper thigh slightly back and forth now, into her pussy.
I wanted to be inside her again, but I didn't want to wake her.
My cock was getting quite hard thinking of it.
Pressing against her trimmed bush.
I could feel  the fullness of my balls.
Mom's hips and pussy seemed to react to my slight movements against her pussy. It was wet.
Slowly, mom's arm and hand moved down towards my cock. Her eyes still closed, but she was awake.
Go ahead Billy, she whispered softly. Take me.
She kised my chest as her hand caressed my cock and urged it toward her pussy.
She turned on her back and iopened her legs for me.
Let's do it slow, honey, like we did earlier.

I leaned over and kissed her with a passion in the complete darkness.
Her hands caressing my head and face softly.
I rose my hips and my cock slipped into her deep wetness.
OOOHHH mom, I whispered.
Every time...it is always so nice mom.
Her pussy clamped around my cock lovingly.
Her hips rising gently to accept me.

I pushed into her all the way and stayed there.
Leaning down to passionately kiss her. Feeling her tits crushed against my chest.

My father's woman and wife. My mother. 
I was fucking my own mother, and she was fucking me.
Her body moved sensuously as we slowly fucked each other.

OHHHH mom, NOTHING can match this. These feelings I have with you.
I know Billy, she whispered in my ear. I know.
I feel it too honey.
With every thrust of your cock, every inch of it in me.
I love it in there Billy. 
I love this sex we share together.
Her pussy was caressing my cock gently, lovingly as I stroked in and out.
I'm near a cum, Billy. I'm....I ramed her harder now, a little faster as I felt her getting wetter and more agitated.
I leaned anc crushed my mouth against hers and searched for her tongue to gently suck as she came around my cock.
OOOOOHHH Honey.....she moaned softly.....your wonderful cock is making me cum so nice.....
I stayed tight inside her, riding our her orgasm with her. Her hips fucking up to me, her pussy reaching, wanting more and more cock to absorb. Milk.

OOOOHHH Honey......She pulled me down to kiss me once again as she rode her passionate orgasm.
I was still very hard and hadn't cum yet.

Mom whispered in my ear to take her from behind.
Let me roll over honey. 
We havn't done it like that in a while.
Mom turned and slid a pillow under her hips and held her ass up offering herself to me.
Wet your cock in my pussy first honey.
I'm pretty soaked with my juice.
I can feel it mom. You really did cum.
I slid into her pussy a few times and then pulled out. I aimed my cock at her ass and slowly pushed in.
I was kneeling behind her raised ass. Mom pushed herself back on me and did most the work as she accepted my raging hard cock into her ass.

OOOOH mom, I whispered. How tight. I laid down over her now, as my cock was fully into her ass.
My hands went under her and cupped her tits.  fuck me Billy, she whispered through her crossed arms.

Your as deep in my body as ever honey. Its yours. Fuck me.
I started to pump slowly, and she responded with her own movements back at me. Wanting me there in her ass.
OOOOHHHH it feels so different, so nice, Billy. How does your cock feel?
Wonderful, mom.
Fuck me honey. Shoot our family cum into me.
Only your father and you have been in there. No one else ever gets in there Billy.
Her ass was gripping my cock tightly. The anal ring was gripping andsliding up and down my shaft as if to drain my cock.
I started to move faster now, knowing my cum was near.
I kissed her neck and caressed her tits in my hands firmly.......OOOOHHHH mom, here it is....ooooohhhh

Fill me Billy. Her ass pushing back hard to me. Oh, Billy....Its so warm, I feel it so deep in me. Your precious cum...Oh Billy, I'm cumming too honey...

Fuck me, shoot it all honey, still speaking softly.
I moved my cock in circles as I shot spurt after hard spurt into her.
Finally I was drained and collapsed upon her. Kissing he neck and shoulderrs again.
My cock still deep within her ass.
OOOOHHH Billy....it was nice honey. I can still feel my 
spasms deep in there.

I laid lightly on her for a while longer and pulled out.
The sun was just beginning to rise now.
I laid on my back as mom leaned over me and kissed me. As her lover, as her son.
Her tits softly pressing into me.

Lets take an early shower honey.
OK, mom. Good idea.
We hopped into the shower quickly, hearing the sound of Carol's soft moans in mom's room.

Mom and me washed each other quickly and also dried each other.
She stayed in her bathrobe as she went down to make breakfast.
I came down shortly after, and helped her.
It was about a half hour later that Dan and Carol came down. Still smiling.
Carol gave mom a kiss on the cheeek and then me, as she sat down.
I'll see dad later this morning, Carol, and we'll check out that shop for you.
Mom thought it was an excellent idea for Carol to have the beauty shop.
Carol mentioned to Dan that maybe Nikki could even work there.
   That might be hard after the baby comes though, he added.
Dan said it was a nice night with both mom and Carol.
Yeah, it was Dan, mom said.
Well, I have to run over and quick change for work.
I don't want to wake them though. It's still kind of early Dan. You have at least an hour yet.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Mom rose and took his hand and led him into the parlor.
You were a little cheated last night with me hon.
She sat him on the couch and got between his legs drawing out his cock.

Remember this while you're hard at work in the office today, Danny. 
Mom lowered her head and sucked his cock into her mouth.

Carol could hear the commotion and now urged me to go upstairs with her.

We passed mom on her knees and Dan with his eyes closed moaning.
Carol dropped to her knees right away as we got in my room and sucked me to a firm hardness.
Then she leaned over the bed and offered her ass to me....either one Billy. Hurry. 
I decided to fuck her in the ass also as I did earlier with mom. Then I knew they would both talk about it later today.

Our moans of pleasure were only being mixed with that of Dan, now cumming as mom sucked him.
I came inside Carol's ass shortly after.

Dad was coming in the back door, needing some papers to take to work. He  walked in the parlor just as mom was finishing sucking Dan.

Mom, still on her knees as Dan was rising, offered dad the same. Dad said that Nikki just drained him, and to hold that offer til after work.

They had a cup of coffee in the kitchen talking about their adventures with Nikki, and Carol and me through the night.
Dad leaving for a short day at work.
Mom reminding him that he and I would look at the shop for Carol. Yeah, I'll be here.
They kissed and he left.


Carol and me laid next to each other after I fucked her.
I hugged her close and felt her tit in my hand as she told me again how much she loved me.

I was thinking of you earlier Billy, when Dan was fucking me.
I was imagining it was your cock fucking me.
 
Mom came in and laid next to me. Her arm going around me as I was still hugging Carol, half on my chest.
I think we all still need some rest, she said.

I think you're right mom, I answered.
Now she turned to her side like Carol and put her arm over me also.
We all drifted off for an early needed nap.

It felt wonderful with two sets of tits pressed against me once again.
Two female knees draping over my groin. Taking turns massaging my cock as I drifted off.

    Mom was already in the kitchen preparing things for cooking out later, when carol and me got up.
The detective stopped by for a few minutes, she said. My heart jumped!
He said that they haven't heard a word from any of the boys that attacked Carol and Jimmy.
None of their families either?
He said that all leads seem to be dead ends.

He asked how you and Jimmy were doing.
He seemed genuinely concerned, Carol. Nice enough guy.

Nikki appeared at the back door now, seeming all aglow with the news report from her visit to the GYN.

IT'S A BOY, SHE PROCLAIMED.
IT'S GOING TO BE A BOY, BILLY! and she came over to kiss me.
I saw his little pricky on the monitor.
She was really happy.
I reached out and placed my hand on her stomach. Then I lowerd my face into it, pulling her tight to me, as I sat there.
I felt kind of proud now. The realization of having a son was hitting me hard.

He's going to be the most spoiled baby in town, mom said. You bet mom, Carol added.
They started with the girl gab, and I went out to the deck.
My cock was feeling kind of tender from so much fucking and sucking the past few days.
I took off my shorts and laid back on the lounge, naked. Closing my eyes to the bright sun.

I remembered I had to cut the grass and a few other things later.
I dozed off again, thinking of what it would be like having a son....

I was awakened by Nukki. She was rubbing tanning lotion all over me.
When I opened my eyes, her hands were putting some on my cock.
It felt nice and cool.
Her soft hands feeling nice.
You don't want THIS to get a sun burn, Billy, she smiled at me.
She was kneeling on the deck at my side now.
I'm so happy, billy.
My dream of having a for real baby is coming true.
I watch the movie that Dan made of us making love tnat night Billy. Over and over, I watch it. Especially the second you are shooting in me.....making this baby.

Maybe some day, after I'm gone, our son will find it and know Dan's message he made on the movie, to him.

your mom and sister went grocery shopping for some things. They'll be back in a couple hours.
Carol seemed to feel real proud to be driving your mom in her new car.

She laid her head on my stomach facing the pool, and my cock.
Her fingers softly caressing it.
My hand went to her hair and I ran my fingers through it, and the side of her face.

You want me Billy? she asked as she felt my cock beginning to harden with her massaging.
Without waiting, her head slipped lower and she sucked me into her mouth. Still facing away toward the pool.


Her tongue and lips feeling nice on my cock. Her fingres gently caressing my sack, as she sucked.
Nikki was good with her mouth. She really enjoyed sucking me. Almost as much as the other women in my life.
Damn, it feels nice Nikki, I said as my eyes closed.
Her tongue sliding over and over the head of my cock as she sucked me deeply.


She stood now, and stripped off her shirt and shorts. Standing there naked. A beautiful tanned woman. Her full tits proudly sporting her hardened nipples, shadowed by her long dark hair.
Smiling down at me, she straddled the lounge and lowered her pussy straight down on my cock.

Her hands went to my chest as she slowly fucked me.
My hands went to her hanging tits.
Both of us closed our eyes and enjoyed fucking each other.
This is so nice and peaceful, Billy.

I never dreamed I would be fucking another man other than my brother for life.
Now, in such a short time, so many in our circle of people....
She sat back with my cock still deep in her and placed her hands over mine on her tits. OOOOHHH you feel so nice in there.
I enjoyed your father last night too. He made love with me twice.
You two are good lovers she smiled.

Dan's getting much better, but nowhere near your dad and you.
I felt my cock stirring deep inside her warm sucking pussy now. 
OOOOHHH Nikki....I'm about to cum hon, right next to our son.
She smiled and urged my cock all the more with her pussy muscles.
It wasn;t long before I was spurting in her. It caused her to start an orgasm, all her own.
Both of us squeezing her tits harder now, as she came with me.
Her pussy tightening  hard around my shooting cock.

OOOOHHH Its wonderful Bill....we're cumming as one right now....ooooohhhh.

I pulled her down tight to me and hugged her as I shot my final spurts hard into her pulsing pussy.
Her hips rising and falling in a desperate search for more and more of my cum.
She was kissing my face all over as she hit the peak of her orgasm.


I rubbed her back and down to her ass as she started to subside from cumming.
We laid together with my cock in her until it softened completely.
Finally, she rose and said she needed to get home and do some work.
She leaned over and kissed me with a passion and left smiling.
I looked down at my glistening cock. 
Damn, I thought. I came out here for a rest!


I knew Nikki would be thinking of my cum in her for the rest of the afternoon. The same cum that gave her the baby in he belly.








































