                          Anniversary Present

                          F/FF bd ds nosex nc

(C) 2007 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





For a few seconds, Leanne stared at the door, wondering whether she
should just turn around and walk away.  This was the first time she'd
ever answered a personal ad of this nature.  Eventually, she tentatively
raised her arm and pressed the doorbell.

A tall, slightly muscular woman answered the door.  "Yes?"  She was
a bit butch for Leanne's liking, and looked quite a bit older, perhaps
in her late thirties compared to Leanne being in her early twenties,
but that paled in significance to what her advert had promised.

"I'm here about the ad," said Leanne, glancing around at the empty
street.

The woman looked her up and down approvingly.  "I suppose you'd
better come in then."  She opened the door long enough for Leanne to
slide through.

"Do you have any disabilities or medical conditions?" she asked.

Leanne shook her head.  "No, none that I know of."

"Good.  Take off your clothes," she commanded once Leanne was inside.

"I'm sorry?" asked Leanne.

"Look, I don't have time for all this getting-to-know-you bullshit,
OK?  If you want to do this, then you have to do exactly as I say,
otherwise you should leave right now.  There are plenty of other
subs in this area if you're not really into it."

Leanne glanced nervously back at the door.  She took a deep breath,
then took off her clothes one by one as the butch woman went away
and came back.

"Good," said the woman as she took in Leanne's naked body.  "Maybe
you'll be some use to me after all."  Leanne briefly wondered if she
was referring to her obedience or her physical attractiveness.  The
woman was holding a few devices which she placed on a pile on the
floor, except for one item.  It was a collar, similar to the kind
Leanne had bought months ago in the hope that her girlfriend would
use it on her, before they had split up.

Before Leanne had time to take in how quickly it was happening, the
butch woman padlocked the collar around her neck and attached a leash
to its front D-ring.  At the end of its metal chain, a thick latex
handle dangled idly in front of her labia.

"Open," ordered the woman before holding the next item, a gag, up
to Leanne's mouth.  It was the head harness kind, complete with a
whole web of lockable straps.

"Shouldn't we agree on a safeword first?" asked Leanne, her voice
tremoring slightly.  "You know, a series of grunts or something?"
She wasn't sure how many people actually used them, but they seemed
like a sensible idea.

"Open, slave," repeated the woman in a stern voice.  Leanne hesitated
a moment before slowly opening her mouth.  The gag was a long ring
or a short tube, depending on which way you looked at it, and Leanne
flicked her tongue out briefly in experimentation as it was strapped
around the back and top of her head and under her chin, padlocked
in three separate places.

To complete Leanne's outfit, the butch woman picked up the final
item in the pile.  It was a single sleeve, a device which held her
arms together in a large glove-like piece of thick latex that was
laced up from her fingertips all the way up her arms, then strapped
around her shoulders to stay in place.  She'd only seen pictures of
one before, while reading up on her new found sexuality in an online
encyclopedia.  She never expected to actually be wearing one so soon.

Leanne tried to ask what the woman was going to do to her, but she
knew it would be futile.  Only a mess of incomplete syllables escaped
from her gag.

"Shhh," soothed the older woman before grabbing Leanne's leash and
leading her across the hall.

Leanne felt her heart beat louder and louder as she was led through
the woman's hallway, then her kitchen.  She unlocked an inconspicuous
door in the utility room before leading her through it and locking
it behind her again.  Inside was only a dimly lit staircase.  The
uncarpeted wooden stairs felt cold against her bare feet as the woman
led her down it.  Leanne was beginning to regret rushing into this
without any experience, but she still felt overwhelmed by excitement,
thinking of all the possibilities.  At the bottom of the staircase
was a second locked door, which the stranger led her through before
she locked it behind her again.

The room was quite large, but the sight of it filled Leanne with a
very primal fear.  The walls were bare brick, and the concrete floor
felt even colder than the stairs had done.  A stench of sweat and
precum filled the air.  There were no decorations of any kind.  There
was some exercise equipment near one of the corners, and a toilet
at the far corner.  It seemed to have been designed with long term
captives in mind.  There were sturdy looking metal rings protruding
from several places in each wall, the ceiling and floor, and a handful
of chains were dangling freely from some of them.

There was another young woman in the room.  She looked about Leanne's
age, and was wearing only a white bikini.  She was tethered to one
of the wall hooks by a chain that must have only reached as far as
the middle of the room.  There were two empty dog bowls on the floor
to one side of her, and a stack of magazines on the other side, all
featuring photographs of bound women.  She was flicking idly through
one of them while gently caressing one of her nipples through her
bikini top, apparently completely bereft of self consciousness.

"Hello, my little slut," greeted the butch woman.  "I see you're as
horny as ever."

"Just as you want me," said the young woman in the bikini, smiling
sweetly.  As she glanced up, she noticed Leanne, and her eyes lit
up.

"Happy anniversary," said the older woman.

"Already?" asked the woman in the bikini.  "It must be June then."

"That's right," said the butch woman.  "It was five years ago that
I first took you in.  You kicked up a bit of a fuss at the time, but
you've certainly grown out of that childish behaviour since then."

"Sorry," apolagised the young woman, casting her eyes down at the
floor.  "I know I wasn't very good back then, still harbouring
delusions that I could somehow escape and go back to my old life."
She looked back up at her mistress, her voice brighter.  "But I've
come to accept my new role in life now.  I wouldn't even leave if
you let me."

"I know," assured the older woman.  "And that's why I got you a
present, to thank you for all the wonderful years we've had together,
and to ensure you'll spend the rest of your life having as much fun
as you can."  She glanced at Leanne.  "I know a handful of porn isn't
enough to keep you occupied while I'm at work all day, so I got you
something to truly keep you busy while I'm gone.  She's all yours,
to do whatever you want with."

Leanne felt as if her whole world has just caved in.  She tried to
shout in protest as she attempted to wrap her latex-encased hands
around the doorhandle, but it was no use.  She threw herself violently
at the door, hurting her shoulder, but the door showed no sign of
breaking.  She wondered if the neighbours could hear her.  It was
doubtful from this depth.  At best, they might hear a murmur and a
thud, and pass it off as someone getting frustrated at something
innocuous.

"Of course, she's just as misguided now as you were when I first
took care of you," observed the older woman.  "But I'm sure in time
she'll learn to cherish her new role in life, as your pet, just as
you cherish being mine."  She pulled on Leanne's leash, dragging her
across the room until she was kicking and screaming next to the woman
in the bikini.

The butch woman grabbed the chain connected to the wall hook next
to the other woman's, and padlocked the end of it to Leanne's collar
before removing her leash.

"I'll leave you two to get acquainted," said the butch woman as she
picked up the dog bowls from the floor.  She carried them in one
hand and unlocked the door with the other.  Then she was gone, a
distant sound of locks and footsteps that grew quieter until there
was finally silence.

"Don't worry," comforted the bikini clad woman.  "She'll feed you
pretty well if you're well behaved.  Look on the bright side.  You
won't have to worry about work, rent or taxes ever again."  She smiled
with a look of young innocence that unsettled Leanne.

Leanne started sobbing as she curled up on the cold, hard floor.  As
she looked up to see the other woman sliding her bikini bottom off,
her heart sank even lower.  She'd just worked out what the gag was
forcing her mouth open for.
