DISCLAIMER:- The following text is sexually explicit and contains 
depictions of sexual acts that have been classified by the surgeon 
general as potentially dangerous and unhealthy. You must be a broad 
minded adult to read the text, and you must not make this text 
available to minors or to any person who does not wish to view it. 
Unprotected sexual relations with unknown partners is hazardous and 
we urge the use of condoms and safe sex at all times.

--------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to the author c 2010. Please
don't remove the author information or make any changes
to this story. You may post freely to non-commercial
"free" sites, or in the "free" area of commercial sites.
Thank you for your consideration.
--------------------------------------------------------

Broken Fantasy (M/F, Intr, Cuck, Voyeur, Anal, Blkml, Preg)

Broken Fantasy
by Bob Fuzzy

Chapter 1

When I was 25 I was fortunate enough to find the woman of my dreams.
Tami was beautiful and kind. Her long yellow blonde hair touched her 
waist. She had perfect even white teeth and a big smile. Her nose was 
just slightly wider than average.  She had wonderful blue eyes that I 
lost myself in the first time I saw her. 

The rest of her body was not perfect, but very nice. She had oddly 
shaped breasts that were long but not very full. She typically wore a 
C cup and her breasts stood proudly on her chest. Her ass was rounded 
and muscular. Her butt was a little too meaty to be a model. But it 
was solid muscle. She had a trim waist which she worked hard to keep. 

She was not a virgin when we met. I had been around long enough 
and with enough women to know I did not want to be with someone 
who had no experience. But she did not flaunt her sexiness either. 
She appeared somewhat conservative to most people. She was very 
sexual in the right circumstance. She loved to tease me in privacy
and I loved that about her. 

We dated for a few years before we got married. When we started 
dating it took me a couple of weeks before we got beyond kissing. 
I found that she loved fantasy. So I would role play and set a 
mood with her by telling a story as we made out. I loved it as I 
like fantasy and found the challenge of seducing her exciting. 
Even though she acted conservatively with others, she was usually 
receptive to me sexually. A lot of the fantasy was romance based. 
Tami loved being a damsel in distress. 

Our first time started as a story of Tami being held in a castle by 
an evil knight. I rescued her and returned her to her father, the
King. As a reward, the King gave me her hand in marriage, and I 
told the story through the wedding night when I finally peeled off
her "gown and undergarments" to make passionate love with her.

She was never on birth control. It made her sick most of the time
So we used condoms which took away from the fantasy a bit. But 
every time I told her a story with a romantic ending we ended up 
having sex and eventually Tami trusted me to go bareback and pull 
out before I came. I think we both found the risk exciting and we 
enjoyed the intense feeling of going bareback.

I discovered that when I acted out the part of the evil knight or
any other villain she seemed to get really hot. When the villain 
molested her Tami would get very wet and have fantastic orgasms while 
being thoroughly fucked by "the evil villain".

Because I am basically horny all the time and she was into the
fantasy almost all the time, we had a great sex life. Because we 
were both intelligent and respectable people we had good lives. 
Together we seemed to make a great pair. But I had a one nagging
doubt about Tami. Sometimes it just seemed that I was not exotic
enough for her. She really seemed to get into the fantasy when
I pretended to be something other than who I really am. I didn't
mind too much because it got her really hot and I liked nothing
more than giving her a huge orgasm. But what made her hot seemed
to be the bad guy and it helped if I pretended he was someone I was 
not.

For instance, when I made the black knight truly a black man she had 
an orgasm the second "he" entered her with her arms tied to the bed 
posts and we had a truly amazing fuck session that she seemed to be 
more into than our normal sessions. There were other characters I
pretended to be, including trolls and other non-human creatures that
sent her over the edge.

Tami seemed to be a bit sexually submissive in our fantasy sessions. 
But she really got that way when the World War II Japanese soldier 
that had captured the American nurse spanked some information from 
her ass and then got to fuck her back hole for the first time.

Tami even bought herself some costumes to get further into her roles.
She had a nurses uniform, a maiden's peasant dress, a princess
gown with a tiara, and even a school girl's uniform (although I am 
really not into the rape the school girl fantasy).

Over the first few years of our marriage I tried to keep the fantasies 
fresh and come up with new scenarios and roles. It seemed to be working 
as we had sex just about whenever I told a story. Sometimes Tami would 
greet me at the door when I got home from work all dressed up and ready 
for role playing. 

We had decided to hold off for a while from having a family as I was 
climbing the corporate ladder and Tami was working part time to save 
up for a house, cars, etc. We were renting an old house which was 
comfortable. We often had friends from work and family over for 
barbecues and parties. 

Sometimes we played games at these parties and some of the games led to 
some admissions about our personal lives, all in the name of fun. I think 
that's how Dante, a friend from work, got the notion of how much we were 
into fanatasy role playing. 

Dante was a former college football player. At 6' 4" and 230 pounds he 
was all muscle and a very dark black man. He might have played
professional football if a knee injury had not slowed him down and
ended his playing career. 

Dante was working at the company when I started there. He also seemed to 
be a nice guy. He was always asking me about my life and how my weekend 
was. He would invite me out for drinks. He was a typical single guy, 
always cruising bars. He would often tell me about his latest conquests 
and his relationships never seemed to last long. Typically, Dante would 
date a woman for 3 or 4 weeks and then dump them. He would always say he 
did not want to be tied down to one woman.

I would tell him how great it was to be in a committed relationship
and he would just smile. He would tell me that half the women he was
with were already in "committed relationships". He would say you 
can never trust a woman because she will drop her panties everytime 
for the right opportunity. You just had to know what turned them on.
He bragged that most of the time what turned them on was him and his 
10 inch cock. I never really saw his cock. But I could tell he had 
quite a bulge in his pants.

We live in a small suburb in the north. There are very few black people. 
I'm not sure if he had any preferences. But because their were 20 white 
women for every black one I was not surprised that Dante dated white women.  
I really did not think much of it. I considered Dante's physique and 
friendly nature to be the main reason he seemed to get so many women.  
Whenever I saw him with one, they were typically very beautiful. I did 
not know much about these women except that Dantte had bedded them. 

Occassionally I would see a white woman in public, at the market or the 
mall, with a darker baby. I always wondered if the baby was adopted or 
if they were one of Dante's women. But I did not consider it any of my 
business. My life, with my beautiful wife was wonderful. We were getting 
close to having enough money for a house of our own. I was very much in 
love and had all the sex I could handle.

Last Friday I made plans to go out with the guys to a movie. When 
I got home Tami greeted me at the door in her Princess outfit. I almost 
called the guys and cancelled. But it had been awhile since I had a night 
out with my buddies and it was an action flick we were all dying to see. 
So I told Tami I had made plans and I was sorry. I would make it up to 
her the next night. I would do it in the morning but I had a Saturday 
morning golf game planned with the guys. We were looking forward to 
getting together and talking about the great movie.

Later as I left for the movie it was starting to get dark. I was running
just a little late. But I figured the guys would buy my ticket and we 
would go right in. As I drove down the next block from my house, I saw
Dante's car go by the other way. I thought it was strange since Dante was 
supposed to meet us at the movie with the rest of the guys.

I went around the block and just came to the corner down the street from 
my house when I saw Dante get out of his car dressed in black knight armor. 
He reached into his car and pulled out a helmet. He put it on, covering 
his face. I backed my car up and parked it with a bit of a sinking 
feeling wondering what was going on. Suddenly, I was not so sure of my 
wife's loyalty to me.

I quickly called one of the other guys at the movie and said I was really
sick and could not make it. Then I walked up the block towards my house. 
Some trees blocked my view of the door as I approached. I heard a loud 
deep voice that I did not recognize say, "I am the Black Knight and now I
will have you princess!"

Then I heard a Tami's distinct giggle and her falsetto, "Oh my! What will 
I do?!" As I got to the walk in front of my house I saw the door close.

I quickly ran to a side window that looks in on the living room. We keep 
our shades drawn but I was able to see into the room through a crack under 
the blind. I saw Tami's tiara laying on the floor in the middle of the room.
But no other sign of either of them.

I went around the back to our bedroom window and was surprised to see a
whole inch of space below the blind where I could see the whole room. Tami
was on the bed as Dante was winding soft cord we keep in our night stand 
around her wrist. Her other wrist was already secured to the bed post.
Bondage was part of our role playing.

I heard Dante growl, "Tonight, I will use you for my pleasure princess!" He
was altering his voice enough that I would not recognize it if I did not 
know it was him. I wondered if Tami knew it was not me or if she was fooled 
by Dante's costume. He had on gloves and a professional looking armor 
costume. The helmet he was wearing covered his head and had a small slit 
for his eyes to see through. 

But Dante is about four inches taller than me. So I could not see how Tami 
would not know it wasn't me. 

After Dante had Tami's wrists secure to the bed posts he pulled our blindfold 
out and tied if snugly over Tami's head completely blocking her vision. Next 
Dante pulled out a video camera from a sack he had brought with him. He plugged 
it in and setup a collapsable tripod.  He put the camara on the tripod pointing 
at Tami from the side towards the bed. 

My gut was twisting, but I had to have proof that Tami knew what was happening 
and that this was not me she was with. So I stayed at the window watching 
as Dante unbuttoned Tami's princess bodice and revealed her hanging breasts. Her 
nipples were stiff as she swayed them around making a show of resisting. 
But she always did that with me when we did the princess and the black 
knight fantasy. 

Then Dante pulled down Tami's dress and panties and yanked them off of her pulling 
her from her knees to flat on the bed. Tami rolled to her back twisting her 
bound arms and sobbed, "No black knight, you must not do this!"

Dante laughed and said, "Shut up Princess! Get on your knees and beg
me to breed you with my evil seed!"

Then Dante started undressing as they acted out all the cheesy fantasy lines
Tami and I used when we played this game. 

"No evil knight! You must not spoil me! I am in love with the Prince!"

"I have you princess and I will do with you as I please!"

"Oh no! Will my prince not save me!" I almost bolted at that except it
was the same line Tami always used with me. Did she know it wasn't me?

Just then Dante finished undressing and I saw the largest, thickest hard cock
I had ever seen standing straight out from his body. I'm not one to watch 
porn, but Dante's hard cock dwarfed every cock I had ever seen. I swear this 
stiff penis looked like an arm without the hand. He had a big uncut head. 
The rest of it was as thick as the thickest part of my forearm and it was 
at least as long as my forearm.

Dante growled deeply, "Get on your knees princess!" 

She responded by getting on her knees with her hands grabbing the bottom 
rail of our headboard.

I saw her beautiful pussy with her outer lips open, red, and wet. Then Dante 
stuck his face up to her and began licking her open cunt. 

I don't know why but I felt this amazing excitement. I could hardly breath.
My head was buzzing and then I noticed that my pants were tented with my 
stiff erection. I was glad for once our house had no lighting in the back 
yard. I unsnapped my pants without looking and pulled my cock out of my 
underwear. I began slowly stroking myself as Dante licked my Tami's pussy,
over and over. I watched as he pushed his tongue into her wet hole. 

He reached forward and pinched and pulled on her amazingly stiff nipples.
As he pulled he twisted her nipple slightly and Tami gasped with the pleasure 
and pain. 

Dante licked up to Tami's asshole and I could see his spit on her crinkled opening.

Dante put a finger inside her and sawed it back and forth as Tami made mewling noises
and sighs.  She was rocking he ass back onto Dante's invading finger.

Dante added a second finger and and Tami grunted as the extra digit stretched her 
opening. I noticed that his two fingers were thicker than my whole cock. I 
wondered how Tami would ever take a cock the size of Dante's. But somewhere in my
brain I thought I wanted to see it happen.

In a breathless voice Tami suddenly moaned, "Breed me you black bastard! Empty 
your dirty seed in me and be gone!". I instantly thought Tami must know it was 
Dante and not me.

Dante got up on his knees behind Tami and rubbed the head of his huge cock against my
wifes wet lips. He took his time and pushed the head up and down through her
slickened groove. The juices were dripping from her cunt. 

After several swipes, Dante lined his cock up with her hole and pushed hard 
and slowly her cunt gave way as a couple inches of his massive cock sank into her.

Tami sucked in her breath quickly and then said, "Oh my God, what was that!". 

"My black evil cock you begged for." said Dante.

Before she could respond he began sawing his cock into her deeper and deeper 
with each stroke. Tami gasped and went into a convulsive orgasm almost immediately. 
She kept repeating over and over. "Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!" until 
Dante's big hanging balls slapped against her clit. Then she clenched and groaned 
for several seconds indicating a second massive orgasm. I thought she might
even be cramping with the way her muscles stayed so tense. 

As she convulsed Dante yanked the blindfold from her head. He kept sawing his 
huge cock into her with deep strokes. When she had recovered from her last orgasm 
enough she glanced over her shoulder and recognized Dante. "Oh my God Dante! We can't 
do this! I'm married! I'm married to your friend! How can you do this?!"

Just then I came on the side of the house. I don't know why. Either I was 
relieved that Tami did not know that it was not me all along or maybe it was the
incredible fucking my wife was getting that just pushed me over the edge. I 
remained as hard as a rock while Dante kept fucking my wife. 

Dante ignored Tami and kept pumping away at her. Tami had dropped down flat 
on the bed but she could not close her legs as Dante road her down. Tami started 
building to another orgasm. It had been several minutes since he had invaded my 
wife's cunt with his massive cock. Tami was grunting with every long push in and 
squealing as Dante withdrew. 

He began going faster and I realized he was getting close to cumming. The thought 
occurred to me that he might cum in my wife and she was not protected. I 
heard Dante say, "I'm going to breed you now Princess."

Tami responded with a drawn out "Yeeessssss!" as she started to cum, Dante pushed 
in as deep as he could, surely invading directly into her womb. I don't think 
Tami realized the implications and risk at that moment as she was lost in her 
own pleasure. Dante's butt clenched several times as he deposited his huge load deep
inside my wife.

I realized the implications and I painted the outside wall again as Tami tensed with 
a huge orgasm. My cock began to droop.

Tami collapsed on her stomach as Dante's huge penis slipped from her hole. I could 
see her cunt stay open as his seed slowly leaked from her now loose hole.

Dante untied her and told her to suck his cock clean. Tami obediantly licked up the 
slime from his now drooping cock and sucked it down her throat. Dante began to push 
more of his cock into Tami's mouth and she wrapped her lips around the rising pole. 
She could only take a few inches and her mouth was streched very wide. 

Dante pulled his revived cock from Tami's mouth and said, "Would you like some more 
Princess?"

And she quietly but seriously responded, "Yes". My heart sank.

Tami laid back with her legs spread wide. Dante climbed between her legs and she 
pulled him by his cock into her hole. 

They slowly fucked and kissed for another 45 minutes as Tami had more orgasms. Dante 
would bend down and suck her nipples as he pushed in and out of her hole. Eventually 
he picked up speed again and finally drove into Tami as she wrapped her legs around 
his butt and pulled him in as deeply as she could. 

I watched the whole thing. I was completely exhausted. But my mind was reeling. 

When Dante got off the bed he stopped the video camera that was on the tripod 
beside the bed and popped the tape out of the camera. Tami gasped as this was the 
first time she had noticed the camera was there. "What are you going to do with that?"

"Oh it's going in my collection. It's probably going on my best of DVD too."

"Dante I love my husband. We can not do this ever again." 

"Princess, I'm not planning to steal you from your husband. But I am coming back 
tomorrow. I want you to meet my dragon."

"Dragon? What do you mean? You can't come back tomorrow or ever."

"Princess, don't make me share my tape with your prince. I have a feeling he might
not be happy about it."

"Aren't you golfing with Bob tomorrow." 

"I'm calling in sick. Bob will never know I was here."

Suddenly Tami's hand shot up and covered her mouth, "Oh my God! You came in me! 
I'm not on the pill and this is a really bad time!"

"Well that's good princess. I want to knock you up. Or, maybe my dragon will."

Dante was dressed. Tami was standing naked with a dazed expression. Dante bent down
and kissed her deeply on the lips. Then he picked up his costume and left. "See
you tomorrow Princess!"

I watched Dante drive off. I stood outside my house trying to gather my thoughts.  
The thought that I had watched this and not stopped it, that I had actually cum 
on the side of my own house while my wife was raped by a huge black cock and 
possibly impregnated, had me disgusted and at the same time exhausted. I 
slowly made my way back to my car. I sat in my car for at least thirty minutes 
thinking about what had just happened before I drove home.

When I arrived the lights were out. I quietly got ready for bed. Tami was in her 
pajamas and looked like she was sleeping. I could tell she was faking. But I did
not know what I would say to her at that moment so I let her continue faking sleep.
She must have taken a shower because her hair looked damp. I think we both stayed 
awake most of the night. What little sleep I had I dreamed of the things I had
seen that night. 

Send comments to bfuzzy99@yahoo.com
