Archive name: rope_fantasy.txt (MF Mdom bd)
Authors name: Revelations
Authors email: revelations13@gmail.com
Title: Ropes and wild imaginings (MF Mdom bd)
Summary: I tie her up for some fun.
WWW: http://www.asstr.org/~revelations/

Ropes and wild imaginings

My playroom, some rope, our naked bodies and your obedience. I feel almost scared, having the responsibility to make this a great night, but the kissing, caressing and undressing (dressing, undressing, making exciting underwear) has made me a bit more confident, and, of course, horny.

I pick up a long soft rope and put the middle of it behind your neck, then pull you close to me for a kiss. You press your sweet body against mine, hugging me hard, grinding your soft curly hair against my hard cock, feeling me sucking your tongue and pushing my own tongue into your mouth, tasting your saliva. I grind my hips against yours and pull the ropes over your shoulders and back again under your arms (like reins). I push you away a little and cross the ropes in the back, bringing them around the front again right over your hipbones. I pull your hips into mine again while I have the ropes in good position for that, and kiss you. You run your fingers into my hair, grab two fistfulls, and kiss my breath away, your nipples hard against my chest. I give up the warmth of your body again and pull the ropes down between your thighs, one rope on each side of your pussy.

With the ropes gathered in a hand pressed against your butt I run my hand over ropes and crotch, caressing your moistening pussy. I take my hand away and lick my fingers, feigning indifference and tie one rope coming from your crotch to each of your wrists. You have just enough slack to pull them halfway to your sides, but then I tie them together, before I tie the rope ends tight together over your stomach. Your wrists are now caught at your hips, in behind, and you cannot move them in any direction.

I take a pause. None of your ties now should be particularly uncomfortable, except maybe for the two ropes in your crotch, and I'm wondering how to take advantage of your helplessness, and exactly what else I want to do to your body. I finish the tying with a rope going several times around your waist and arms, pulling your elbows a little together and back. Then I tell you that as you are my sex toy for the evening you must start with sucking my cock. You open your eyes wide and look from my face to my cock to my face again with feigned, freightened innocence. You could perfectly well manage to kneel without loosing your balance but you stumble against me anway, and rub your breasts and cheek against me, as you kneel down. Your breasts rub against my thighs and your hair tickles my cock and balls before you "regain" your balance. You look at my cock and manage not to sound hungry when you ask me innocently if you may kiss it. I tell you that that is what you're for, you're my sex toy remember?  You're there to please me.

You lean forward and lick my balls, I tell you you are a good toy. I just love a soft wet tongue on my balls, and the slight chill when the saliva dries. You're a great toy, I tell you, if you keep being this great I think you'll even be worth what I payed for you, and I wont take you back to the store for my money back. You stop licking and look up at me.
  "But I'm not a toy," you say. "I'm not a toy and you haven't payed anything for me."
  "Stop blabbering nonsense," I tell you.
"You're my dream sex toy right off the shelf of the shop. You need something in your mouth so you can't say such drivel, suck my cock now, toy!"

You lean forward again and pretend to miss a couple of times. (But I know you're pretending cause you have the tip of your tongue out to give me a little lick and a kiss as your mouth bump against my shaft and stomach.) You finally get the head of my cock in your mouth and start swirling your tongue around it. You suck and lick my cock, taking it down your throat and pretend to get scared when you gag on it. I stop you way before I come, because I have other needs for a hard tool before we're finished, and I don't want your limbs to die away from lack of blood if your bonds should be too tight too long.

I help you stand and walk you to the bed and have you lie down on it on your back. The bed is only as high as my knees, and covered with silky sheets. I pull your legs up and apart, and tell you that as a sex toy your limbs should stay in the position the are put. I stand a foot or so from the bed and lean forward to grab the ropes circling your stomach. I lift your hips up so that your shoulders and my hands support your body, and pull your crotch to mine. You're know at an angle downward from me, and I discover that I need a hand free to get my cock in. I mutter a bit about this obvious design deficiency as I change to a one hand hold and work my cock in. In this position my cock is bent almost painfull downwards, and will press up against the wall of your toy-pussy walls with each stroke. I go back to the two hands hold again and start fucking you. This position is exciting in so many ways, your clit might get a bit starved for attention, but you can look forward to a finale that will take care of that.. maybe a bit brutally, but still. I pull your sopping cunt onto my cock, and your shoulders slide back and forth on the silky sheets. As I ram my hard cock into your hungry pussy again and again I complement your sex toy qualities. The way you're still holding your legs up and out, even if they sway delightfully with each stroke, the sound my balls make as the slap against your juice cowered ass, you're such a wet, sloppy toy. And especially the way inertia makes your breasts, bounce around as I fuck you. You moan and scream and I compliment you on your soundeffects even though I don't really have breath to do it, and groan in almost pain and pleasure as I force my cock into you again and again. I groan that I'm going to cum and you play the scared innocent again, screaming about getting pregnant. I pull out as I come, and let go of you. Your ass and legs are heavier than the part on the bed so you fall off. I move one foot in front of the other so your pussy smash into my foot before your bum hits the floor. ( I do dampen your fall a little. ) You wriggle your crotch against my foot as you cum. And I hold your head by your hair with one hand and my cock in the other aiming at your face. You groan, scream and try to turn away, so some of the come spurts into your screaming mouth and some hits your cheek and drips down onto your chest and teats. I stand exhausted as you suck my cock clean, wriggling your cunt against my foot still, before I untie you and we lie down to cuddle and sleep.

------------------------------------------------------
This story is erotic fiction, not a guide to living.
The characters might be acting in manners that are
foolish, dangerous, illegal, or impossible in our
physical universe.
Any attempt at copying acts and actions happen at your
own risk.

This work is copyrighted to the author (c) 2005.
Please do not remove the author information or make
any changes to this story. And don't redistribute it
without the express permission of the author.
------------------------------------------------------