Sometimes Girls Really Do Go Wild
Thu Jun 9, 2005 05:10
24.47.60.179

Special thanks to IO, Dandeman, and Alex for maintaining their respective message/posting boards. I have been a silent reader on this board for a couple years, and I will share with you, my first story. It's a true story of what I witnessed this evening at a house party. I'm male,from New York, Italian, and almost finished with college(but don’t worry, this story is only about girls stripping/ being stripped.) Names have been changed to keep identities secret.

As soon as I arrived at the party my eyes shot to the two tanned brunette beauties observing the beer pong table. They were both about 5`4 with medium/long brown hair and curvy in all the right places. After I met most of the people at the party, my friend introduced them to me as Nicole and Stacy. Nicole’s boyfriend was hosting the party, and Stacy was her sorority sister. Nicole was wearing a dangerously low cut halter top with light blue terry cloth sweat pants, and Stacy was wearing a sexy brown mini-skirt, and tank top. After some brief chat I said hello to everyone else at the party and just chilled and enjoyed a few beers. I was just playing some basketball when I heard a bit of noise come from the trampoline. I looked over to see Nicole and Stacy jumping together. Nicole’s boyfriend was standing around outside the ring and laughing along with them. The scene had some potential to be very sexy, but I didn’t want to disrespect the boyfriend or seem like I was staring, so I just played it cool and continued to take some shots. 

After another five minutes I peeked back at the trampoline and saw that Nicole and Stacey were play wrestling. Nicole’s boyfriend caught me staring and I thought that was going to be the end the fun on the trampoline, but surprisingly he just waved me over… Stacy, clearly was not dressed for this type of activity, and I could see a look in Nicole’s eye that said she wanted to take advantage of her friends disposition. As they rolled around on the trampoline, Nicole was straddling Stacey and hooking her feet around Stacy’s calves. Whenever Stacy was on top, Nicole tried to spread Stacey’s thighs and make her skirt ride up, but Stacy acted like she didn’t notice the effect of Nicole’s moves. It was apparent to all of us observing that Nicole was up to something. We were all being treated to subtle peaks at the bikini cut polka dot sheer knickers of Stacy. Stacy was beginning to realize that she was becoming the center of attention, and after she realized its source, seemed to feed off the attention. In an attempt to give a slight thrill to everyone observing, she began to playfully tug at Nicole’s low cut shirt and treated everyone to a peek at Nicole’s sexy white bra. Nicole quickly rolled onto her back, but this time she not only caused Stacy’s skirt to ride up, but snaked her hands under the back of Stacy’s shirt. She expertly unclasped Stacy’s bra, and began to tug at it. Stacy rather ineffectively tried to re-clasp it, but soon just let Nicole take it off. Though Stacy made an attempt to keep her bra, to our surprise she seemed to let Nicole take it with relatively little resistance, which gave Nicole a hint of a green light to escalate the situation.

A wicked grin appeared on Nicole’s face, and during some further rolling around on the trampoline she undid the button of Stacy’s skirt. Stacy was startled when she felt her skirt loosen and quickly shot her hands to grab at it before it descended any further down her thigh. Once Nicole realized that Stacy’s hands were occupied, Nicole started to playfully pull at Stacy’s tank top, and we all realized that we could all soon possibly have a peek at Stacy’s braless chest. Stacy’s entire back was exposed, and her shirt was just about to reach the midpoint of her breasts when Stacy swiftly pulled out of Nicole’s reach. She rearranged her top, and after giving us a good look at her knickers, re-buttoned her skirt.

Usually this is the point where things end, however, the night soon became one I could never forget. Once Stacy finished readjusting her clothing, she took a look around the trampoline and saw that she and Nicole had the undivided attention of about 5 guys. Instead of retreating into the house, she surprisingly started to wrestle with Nicole again. It was then that it was blatantly apparent that they were turned on by the attention. As soon as they started wrestling, Stacy’s skirt was at her waist, and Nicole had again undone Stacy’s skirt button. The wrestling had developed into a tug of war over Stacy’s skirt. Stacy was using both hands to maintain her modestly, but Nicole was relentless, and copped playful feels at Stacy’s giggling braless breasts, until the skirt was at Stacy’s ankles and off. It was then that I learned Stacy’s knickers were not only bikini cut, but were string bikini knickers. Luckily for Stacy, Nicole did not immediately notice. 

Figuring that Nicole wouldn’t push things any further with her knickers, and cross the line of nudity, Stacy grabbed at Nicole’s loose fitting sweatpants, and they were soon at her ankles and off, exposing her lace boyshorts. All of our jaws dropped as we realized that we were witnessing two gorgeous tan coeds dressed in only knickers below the waist wrestling on top of each other. The girls had our undivided attention, and it caused them to take things to the next level…. After whispering to each other, they began to kiss- nothing sloppy and disgusting, but just small seductive kisses on the lips with a little hint of tongue. They were smiling and laughing, even sort of bucking on each other, but after about 30 seconds Stacy stood up and began to look around the trampoline for her clothes. Nicole was just on her back, when she noticed the strings on Stacy’s bikini. Just when we though the show was over, as if rehearsed, Stacy, reached her foot up, and grabbed the string of Stacy’s knickers with her toes and pulled hard and fast. As if being exposed to a sudden rush of cold air, Stacy squealed, and we were all treated to a view of Stacy’s waxed pubic area and slit, and half of her ass as the string was pulled downward. We were all beside ourselves when we saw what happed, but were too scared to say anything to ruin the moment. Needless to say, this bit of exposure was more than Stacy could have ever expected, and she was truly embarrassed and blushing. As Stacy went to re-tie her knickers, Nicole reached for the strings of the other side, and before Stacy had a chance to react, her knickers separated in two, and she was caught like a deer in headlights. We were all given an entire show of Stacy’s secrets for a moment until Nicole felt she had gone far enough and helped Stacy reassemble her clothes and give her one last passionate kiss. 

This was a night and event I could never forget. I could go on and exaggerate the story into some sort of lesbian fantasy, but this is actually a true story, and this is where it ended. We got a good look at Stacy’s charms and Nicole’s underwear, but that was as far as it went, their shirts stayed on for the most part. 

