Dressed for the Bus Ride
byWatchedBeth©

Beth woke up feeling crazy horny. Ideas were whirring around in her head about how to fill this free day and satisfy her cravings for exhibitionism. She had run the idea over in her head a hundred times, but could she really pull it off? Would it be safe? And when it came down to it, how far would she really go?

Beth's story... I got out of the shower and looked through my underwear and clothes collection to decide what the perfect outfit would be for today.

Another chilly early spring morning with typical British weather. Still, at least it was dry.

After showering and washing my hair, I took time to wash and soap my body all over, I wanted to smell good all over for my exciting day ahead. I shaved and trimmed my pubic hair to a perfect landing strip, short and slim and perfectly kept. Underwear was very important, so I selected a white thong with a pretty bow at the front.

The front was see thru showing off my landing strip and the sides had two little strings showing my skin in between. I always felt sexy in a thong and this was my favorite. The bra that matched it was also sheer and had a similar bow in the middle above the clasp.

My dark and large nipples showed through without being erect. Once erect, you really couldn't miss them.

At 5''5' and just over 10 stone, I am happy with my body. My legs are slim and long and my prize asset is my ass - which has been described on more than one occasion as peachy!

I am fortunate to also be well blessed in the breast department. 36D, all natural and very noticeable. I buy bras that accentuate my cleavage and love to tease by wearing tight tops or undoing a couple of buttons on my blouse to show my cleavage off. My bras push my breasts together making my cleavage very inviting.

I take time to put a little make up on and some lipgloss, bright pink. I tie my hair up so my neck is also on display. When I wear an open neck top, my large breasts look even bigger with my neck on full display.

So for today I choose a black jumper with a wide rim neck. It hugs my breasts and tummy and rises just above my midriff. I also opt for a black skirt, short and frilly. It offers good flashing possibilities with my little white thong underneath and easy access should I want to allow wandering hands.

A very light overcoat, also black and some slip on back loafers completes my look. Stylish, confident and sexy, with a hint of slut if I pull up my top or skirt.

My lingerie is stylish as well as sexy, but could also be quite slutty if I decide to pop a boob out or pull my thong to one side. A uniform of possibilities, perfect for my plans for the day, a day I have planned for weeks and am finally going through with.

You've probably guessed by now that I am an exhibitionist, or a budding one at least. The thrill of showing off my body for a grateful recipient sends shockwaves through me.

The thought of the pleasure my tight pert butt cheeks in my white thong would give to a grateful receiver I find mesmerizingly sexy.

Showing cleavage and more to a lusting guy is a huge turn on, I have found my sexual calling and I aim to please.

However, the target audience is also very clear. Putting on a show for a young stud or someone around my age (I'm 24), has little or no appeal to me. There is no-one more grateful than an older man. A dirty old man. A perverted old man. A peeping Tom.

Nothing could thrill me more than to be the object of desire for one of the above, well maybe two of the above, maybe make that three!

When I dressed I had 'him' in mind, how he would react when I reveal myself to him. I take care to ensure I look good, feel good, smell good and taste good. If a dirty old man is going to get lucky, then he is going to get it in abundance with me.

I leave the house and have plenty of money and spare change to make a number of bus journeys. Although I have plotted this out before, I have no idea when to strike, when I will feel that I have the right audience. So I wait on the bus stop to take the ride into town, it is around 40 minutes in total with quite a few stops.

It is just before 10am, the rush hour is over and hopefully there will be one or two retired men on the bus, unaware of the surprise that awaits them if circumstances are right.

I smile at the bus driver and pay my fare. I walk to the stairs and start to climb the winding staircase, the stairs are close together and I have to hold on to avoid slipping. As I approach the top floor I scan around to see who is sitting where. An older woman at the front of the bus and an older couple towards the back. Crap! not what I was hoping for.

Oh well, I will start the journey and see who joins the ride as we progress into town.

I walk past the older couple at the back of the bus and they smile at me, I take a seat just two rows behind them to their left. I look out of the window as the bus pulls away, hoping that an older male passenger joins us on the trip.

The older lady at the front of the bus gets off at the first stop and an older guy gets on. I feel a sense of excitement as the bus pulls away and I wait for him to climb the stairs.

I plan to smile provocatively as he appears at the top of the stairs to entice him to sit near me, but disappointingly he never appears, he must have stayed on the lower deck. Trying not to get frustrated I feel a little disappointed that I haven't got off to the best start.

As the bus approaches a further stop, the older couple in front of me start to move around and gather their bags and coats.

''Don't worry, i'll be fine, you take your time and i'll see you for dinner later." the man says to his wife.

She puts on her coat and he hands her her handbag. She then makes her way to the stairs and slowly walks down looking up and smiling and waving as she goes. I wave back and this also catches the eye of her husband who smiles at me.

As she gets off the bus and it pulls away, I realize we are now the only two passengers upstairs, I feel a little excitement as I consider my next move.

I stand up to ring the bell and stand next to the older guy who smiles at me. I ask him if this is the stop to the local market, but he tells me this is too early, I need the stop after the next one. I thank him and take a seat now across from him directly.

I remove my coat and comment about how warm it is, I notice he is staring at my boobs. They are looking quite large this morning in my black tight top!

''It is chilly out but warm on here." he comments. "Even hotter now you've taken your coat off." He jokes and smiles at me.

Perfect, time for me to make his day...

As I put my coat down on the seat next to me, I lean over a little where my skirt has ridden up so that he can see a lot of outer thigh. I can see he is staring out of the corner of my eye.

''I'm hoping it warms up this afternoon, I didn't realize my top was so revealing, I hope I haven't embarrassed you?" I say, flirting outrageously and pushing my breasts out as I say it. I am giving all of the signals and he is now returning them.

'' Not a chance'' he says, "it's not often you get to stare at a beautiful young woman, you'll give this old man a heart attack!" he jokes. ''Sorry, I don't mean to offend you, i'm just having a laugh with you darling.'' He protests, worrying he's gone too far.

''I'm far from offended." I respond, ''Actually i'm flattered, It's always nice to be appreciated and i'm a bit of an exhibitionist, so there is really no need to apologise."

I can see this has got him really excited, he doesn't quite know what to say next.

''An exhibitionist eh?, well feel free to use me as your audience, you're bloody beautiful."

I can feel my panties getting a little wet as my plan starts to unfold. Time to hotten things up a little.

''Well, perhaps you'd like to know what colour panties i'm wearing today?''

''Bloody hell, I don't care what colour they are, lets have a look at them" he says, moving uneasily in his seat and trying to get closer to me across the aisle.

I stand up, smiling at him and staring into his eyes. I push my backside out and take the back hem of my skirt in both hands and slowly start to lift. As my butt cheeks come into view his hand reaches for his groin and he squeezes his cock though his trousers.

''Bloody hell, look at that... go on love, let's have a good look?" He letches and leers over while squeezing his cock.

The thrill racing though my body is now unbelievable, an amazing sensation of lust, sex and excitement as I lift my skirt up to my lower back, completely revealing my white thong. I twist left and right so he can see front and back, letting him stare at the G string parting my ass cheeks and letting him ogle the front of my panties, completely sheer, showing my sculpted landing strip and now moist camel toe.

I walk over to his seat to avoid having my naked lower half in the bus window and holding my skirt above my waist stand next to him, lifting my left leg up onto the seat.

With my tiny little panties now just inches in front of his face, I look down and smile at him.

He looks up at me and before he can say anything I say ''It's Ok, you can touch me."

He grabs my ass cheeks and pulls me onto him, kissing the front of my panties. He lifts his hand to pull my panties down and looks up at me for permission. I smile and pull my thong to one side, revealing my trimmed pussy to him.

''Oh my god, look at that." he says.

''Go on," I say, ''it's all yours, do whatever you want." He pulls out his tongue and looking me in the eye runs it along my pussy lips. It feels wonderful and my juices are now running down my leg. I pull my top down and pull a breast out of my bra, he immediately grabs it and squeezes my nipple, it feels amazing. I grab both of my breasts and squeeze them, squeezing his hand over my right breast and moaning as he continues to lick my pussy. He pushes his hand in between my legs and pushes his finger deep inside my pussy, the sensation sends me over the edge and I shudder to a long and intense orgasm with his finger deep inside me and his tongue flicking my clit and pussy lips.

As I come down from my orgasm I realize the bus has just made a stop, fortunately no one has come upstairs and the bus starts up again. As it does so somebody rings the bell, so we sit back down and compose ourselves as we approach another stop. Again no one joins us.

"Next stop is town, about 6 or 7 minutes." he says. "I think you may have missed your stop."

''Don't worry, this has been worth missing it for, now it's my turn." I say, as I reach over his lap.

He hastily undoes his belt and button as I unzip his fly. His erect cock pops straight out at me. Surprisingly large at around 7 inches, quite thin but with a big swollen head. His cock is oozing precum and he is clearly excited to see what I plan to do with it.

''Oh please suck it will you?"

"I haven't had a good blow job for years, I bet you give a fucking great blow job. I'd love to see my cock in that beautiful mouth of yours, go on, give it a little suck?"

l smile at him and tell him to keep 'look out'.

I sit between his legs and take his cock and balls out of his pants. Holding his cock in my left hand I bring my mouth over it and can immediately taste his salty precum. It tastes wonderful. I take his cock deep in my mouth and slowly caress his balls. This sends him into orbit, he is jerking around in his seat and I am struggling to keep his cock in my mouth.

''Oh god, my balls are so sensitive." he says.

I slow down and just gently stroke them so that he can relax and I can concentrate on his cock. I lick up and down his shaft and smile and wink at him, while I slowly and sensually work his cock with my mouth.

''Have you got a tissue? I'm gonna cum." he says.

''I don't have a tissue." I say smiling.

'' Don't worry, I want you to cum in my mouth, is that OK?'' I ask.

''Oh my bloody god, of course it's OK, Oh fuck, here it comes."

He grabs his cock out of my hand and starts to jerk it.

''Open your mouth, i'm gonna cum all over you." he says as he jerks his cock furiously.

I lower myself down and open my mouth wider. "Slow down a little baby, i'm ready for your cum."

''OK, OK, Oh my god, here it is AAAHHH!"

I feel the first spurt shoot into the back of my mouth, the second up to the roof of my mouth.

A few more follow on my lips and above my top lip, then a large blob starts to form at the top of his cock and around his fingers as he slows his jerking down and the final shots of cum dribble from his cock.

''Now I will put on another little show for you." I smile at him and get to work.

He is panting and staring at me as he witnesses my latest surprise. I swallow the cum that is in my mouth, showing him the full load on my tongue before I swallow.

''Oh wow, your cum tastes lovely." I tell him.

I use my finger to scrape the cum off of my top and bottom lip and slowly lick it all off my finger, smiling up at him again as I swallow. He has made a big cummy mess on his fingers which are still wrapped around his cock. I take his cock and put it in my mouth licking off the residue cum which is covering his head and shaft. I open my mouth to show him my prize, another good tongue full of cum which I happily and sexily swallow.

I then take his hand and one by one suck each cum covered finger. My mouth is now full of his cum again and I make a point to show him it all on my tongue before I swallow. As the bus approaches the final destination, we put our clothes right and prepare to leave the bus.

Just before we do, he notices a big blob of cum that has missed my mouth and landed on the seat. I smile at him and thank him for spotting it. I scrape it up with my finger and lifting up my skirt and pulling my panties to one side, place my cum covered finger into my pussy.

"Now I have you in my mouth, tummy and pussy."

i smile and make my way to the stairs to get off the bus and continue my day of exhibitionism.


