SuperModel Dream

Intro
Hsu(her name) 17 years old girl who just finish high school. She always dream 
of becoming a model. But growing in this remote island in Philiphine there is 
no chance for that, she would probable be married by her family and start 
raising kid.

Advertisement
But her chance for her dream became materialize when her uncle came to visit. 
Not that her uncle was somebody who bring those dream, but the newspaper that 
her uncle bought from the city got and that state:-

Model needed
-Chance to travel the world,-
Requirement
-170cm or above
-attractive figure
-beautiful

Everyone she know told her that she is beautiful and gifted with attractive 
figure. So she mail her photo.


Chapter 1

Dear Hsu.
You are invited for an audition in Manila, ......

"Mom, look at this letter, this my chance" I plead to my Mom.
"But the city is too dangerous" Mum was worried by all sort of story she here 
about big city.
"Please Mum, this is my only chance, I know how to take care of myself, I am a 
big girl already" after pleading with my mum for hour she give in.



It was very hard to travel to Manila, luckily the agency that invited me gave 
all the tickets, including ferry, bus and even pocket money for me to arrive 
for the audition. After 8 Hours travel, I arrive a they front door.

"Ah you are that beautiful village girl, let me show you to your room." it was 
a small windowless room with a single bed.
"I am the Clerks here, your audition will be 10am tommorow, please have some 
rest"


Tommorow at 10 am
"So you really want to be a model?" a midle age Men start without introducing 
himself
"Yes, I will no return to my village empty handed" I replied confidently
"I think you are the one we needed but befor that...." My heart were about to 
eplode with joy
"You should know your first task with us" The midleage man continue
"Do you know Rio Carnivel?" 
"no, what is it?"
"It's a very popular carnival held in Brazil, where there are all knind of 
costume bieng displayed, and for the first time Philiphine has been invited"
I though that maybe it was the kind of fashion show so I reply "Thats great".
"Well, we are short of cash, so we are sending you alone, but don't worry we 
have our Brazilian friend who will take care of you"
"Thanks"
"Then I think you have no problem taking this flight at 2 PM, we don't want to 
waste any more time because the carnival is 2 days left"


So I took the 2 PM flight, it was a long flight, about 9 hours. I was so tired 
ariving at Rio d Jeniero Flight.

"Helo I am Pedro, I am your designer for the carnival. As you arrive late we 
have to prepared you for the parade, I hope you already sleep on the plane"
"Yes no problem" I lied, but I was excited as well.
"Ok, your costume will be the attraction for this year event. Do you remember 
last year, where vivian castro stole the spotlight with her 4 cm patch"
"Yes?" I never heard of this event, so not wanting to show my stupidness I 
pretend to know
"You are going to beat that record, you are going to wear a 2 cm patch, let me 
prepared you for the costume"
"this is your head costume" it was very beautifully done, with beautiful 
feather, jewelery
"now you have to udress" my mind when blank
"is there a change room" the guy just lough
And the he just start to unbunton my blouse, my body just freeze, I didn't 
know what to do. he then went on for the next item of clothing. I was so shock 
I just stood stil. I wanted to scream but probably my mouth was to shock.
I was there stark naked in public place. Passer-by were looking.
I was hoping he would put on the costume fast, I was so humiliate.
"Can you put on the costume" I was pleading with him
"Ah wait" He then put on that beautiful head geat, I cursing him in my heart 
why he start with my head.
"And this is your 2 cm patch - the record for this carnival" I was wondering 
what was that small patch
Then he went on to stict on my genital, "shit that will not be enough to cover 
my genital" I whistper in my heart
"Shit" he want out loud "this is too small, so i just place it obove you 
genital, so your genital will be visible, sorry abou that"
"That it- youre done" I was shock to hear what he said , I am going to ba 
parade nude
"So no let start the rehearsal" I was to shock to answer him
"Let me just brief you, because you never lean samba dance, so we have 
develope a new routine. You will be caried by 4 dancer"

Then a muscular man cam behind me, holding my thigh and lift me to the air, 
and the another to came, and both hold my knee, and spread my leg apart. And 
then they tosed me up, and grope me everywhre. I was too confused to act. And 
then when there are finished they left me there on the floor. I just felt asleep.


When I woke up about 5PM there were lot's of people probably thosand. And the 
I ralized the were hand squezing my boobs. 
"You have nice boobs" probabaly one of the event participant.
"I saw lot of people were inspecting you while you were asleep- you will be this year main attraction"
he was acting so normal that I was so confuse and alow his hand to continue 
feeling my boobs.
"And then another hand after another" 












