T-shirt for sale
by FunKelly 

T-shirt for sale. Part 46

I had my first full view of Becky's body, as she locked the pub door. She was wearing black hi-top Converse All Stars, with her ultra short, black and white striped, referee skirt. She turned to head back to the bar, when I yelled, "Wait!" Becky looked confused, when she asked, "Wait for what?" I replied, "Becky. You look so adorable in that skirt with those sneakers. I just want a minute to take it all in". She pulled up her skirt, and said "Look Kelly! No thong! See how you inspire me, Dirty Girl?"

Seeing her little tuft of blonde pubic hair, made me horny again. I turned the saddle back on low, then resumed working my clit on the phallus, as I watched her looking down at her own, well trimmed pussy. She looked back to the camera, and said, "Can I close up the pub now?", still holding up her skirt. I replied, "Yes, but please send me a full body selfie". She lowered her skirt, retuned to the back of the bar, then finished washing the bar glasses, as I enjoyed the light stimulation of my clitoris.

"Oh! By the way Kelly! The woman at Blanch and Alice's party offered us $5,000 each if we'll perform pretty much the same way we did at Alice's party. What do your think?" "$5,000 each ?", I replied, in astonishment. Becky smiled and said, "Yup. $5,000 each". I should have thought better of it, but asked, "When is her party?" Becky looked at the camera, and said, "That's why you're my Dirty Girl. It's in two months. You in?" Still being stimulated by the Sabian saddle, I replied, "Sure. Why not?"

Becky said she would confirm the date, then let me know. We chatted for almost an hour, said our goodnights, then signed off. It was now after 3:00 am. I cleaned the residue of my public climax off the Sybian saddle, then put it back in the box, placing it in a far away corner of my shop. I was tempted to walk the short distance to the house in the nude, but decided my naked adventures should remain far from home. I put on my sundress, went back inside my house, took a long hot shower and went to bed.

I woke on Monday morning feeling happy I was home, but yearning for the company of my new friends in San Francisco, especially Becky. I took another shower, not knowing if I needed to be refreshed, or needed to wash off some left over residue from my weekend of debauchery. Either way, I dried off, brushed my hair, then my teeth and picked out my clothing for the day. White cotton panties, a bra, khaki shorts, ankle socks and sneakers, and of course my "Kelly's Prints and T's" T-shirt.

I made my morning coffee, then headed out to my printing shop. I had two orders to deliver, and one that was going to be picked up. I set my press for the plumbing company's T-shirts, knowing the blank navy blue T-shirts would be delivered soon. Knowing Becky and I had talked about buckling down, and focusing on our businesses, while we waited for an opportunity to see each other again, I poured myself into my T-shirt printing business.

For the next few weeks I took many school orders, including monogramed polo uniform shirts for most of the school grades, and T-shirts for fall flag football teams. Business was good, but I was yearning for the excitement of my San Francisco weekend. Becky and I met on line often. Sometimes just to chat, but mostly to have cyber sex. I so looked forward to our early morning rendezvous.

It had been a month since my San Francisco trip, yet my outrageous nude in public adventures, were never far from my thoughts. That's when I received not one, but two invitations, that would allow me the chance to be completely humiliated, while naked among clothed people. The desire was too great, so I jumped at both opportunities.

I received a call from Becky one day at noon, when she said, "Hey Dirty Girl. I need a favor. Well, actually my gay brother Eric, needs one. He's opening massage parlor on the Oregon coast, that will focus on fully nude erotic massages for women. He wants to have a someone to practice on, who will give him a true evaluation of his skills, and feedback suggestions to help him satisfy his clients. I immediately thought of you. What do you say?"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing when she continued, "His parlor is only a little more that two hours from you. You could leave in the morning, spend a few hours being massaged to orgasm, while being the only one naked. It's perfect for you! You'd be home before dinner. Before you answer, take a look at your schedule, and let me know what day this week works for you". "This week? It's already Tuesday, Becky", leaving little doubt that I would do it.

"I was just helping out a friend", I kept telling myself, relieved to see my Thursday schedule was open. I had no appointments and could print my T-shirt orders when I got home. It was as if someone else was putting the words in my mouth, as I replied, "Thursday works for me". Becky excitedly replied, "I knew I could count on my Dirty Girl", as she told me she would set it up and get back to me that night.

The second invitation was even more preposterous than the first, and came in the form of a hand written letter from Blanch. It read as follows.

*****

"Dear Kelly,

"Alice and I are hoping this letter finds you well. The place isn't the same without you. I'll get right to the point. We have young female friend, who will be holding a "Sex Toy" party at our house in three weeks. Her name is Barbara, and she is looking for someone who would be willing to allow her to demonstrate her products, for a gathering of ten straight women. We immediately thought of you, hoping for an occasion to see you again.
We realize that asking you to be stripped down completely naked, while Barbara demonstrates the usefulness of each of her pleasure products, is a tall order, yet we are optimistic that you may agree to attend. Our motives are selfish, as we both would greatly like to see you again. We will both be waiting in anticipation for your response".

Your friends forever,
Blanch and Alice.

*****

Enclosed with the letter, was an RSVP card, along with post paid, self addressed return envelope. The two crazy old women sent the request, as if it was an invitation to a wedding or baby shower. It was becoming clear to me that Blanch was to Alice, what Becky was to me. The one pulling the strings from behind the scenes.

The way Blanch artfully followed up the audacious solicitation, with a heartfelt plea for my company, had me feeling very much needed. I decided to wait for Becky's return call, with instructions for my erotic, naked massage, at the hands of her homosexual brother, Eric, before responding to Blanch and Alice's invitation.


T-shirt for sale. Part 47

Becky called me back at 2:00 pm. My heart was racing, as I realized what I had agreed to do for her brother Eric, rather what I had agreed to let Eric do to me. It was so surreal, as she gave me the address, then sent me a photo of him, standing with her. I will say this, he was both handsome and fit.

Still, the thought of this handsome gay man, massaging my naked body to climax, made me feel both anxious and aroused, at the same time. The idea that this business he was starting may be taboo in some places, had me a bit concerned about possibly breaking some local town ordinances. Can you imagine the humiliation of being caught by the authorities, stark naked, while a handsome, fit young gay man was massaging my clitoris, as my legs laid spread wide open. The concept alone, frightened me, yet I could not ignore how it excited me also . My new hobby was a constant roller coaster of emotions.

I heard only half of what Becky was saying, as my khaki shorts and panties, were now on a table in my locked printing shop, and my fingers were buried deep inside my soaking wet pussy. My mind was telling me to back out, but my pussy was speaking for me, as I assured her I would be at the parlor, no later than 10:00 Thursday morning.

Once the details of my trip to "Eric's Oregon Coast Massage Parlor" were confirmed, I asked Becky what she thought about Blanch and Alice's invitation to the "Sex Toy Party" they were hosting. Continuing to pleasure myself, I heard Becky reply in excitement, "Damn right you should do it Dirty Girl! You'll stay with me of course. Kelly! We'll get to make love, while talking dirty about your latest experience. It will be awesome!"

After I hung up with Becky, I immediately pulled out my Sybian saddle, lowered my wet pussy on the phallus and turned it on medium. I then tore off my shirt and bra, threw them to the side, then road my new gift to another climax, imagining some of my customers were watching. After my orgasm, I cleaned the saddle, put it away and got dressed. I kept telling myself that this was getting out of control, but the level of climax was like nothing I had experienced before.

I opened my shop windows and door, allowing in some fresh air, then returned to my work. I worked until after midnight to keep up with the orders, and have Thursday available for my trip to the Oregon coast, and Eric's Erotic Massage Parlor.

All day on Wednesday, I buried myself in my work and was caught up by 7:00 pm. I had a small meal, then made my way to bed, where I fell asleep by 9:00, while the T.V. was still on. I woke at 6:00 am, feeling anxious about the upcoming day. While drinking my morning coffee, I finished my necessary on-line correspondences with my customer and suppliers. I took a shower, had a bowl of cereal, then went back to my room to get dressed.

Undecided as to what was the appropriate attire for the day's events, I chose my pastel blue sundress, with my white panties and bra of course. Sandals instead of sneakers and ankle socks, finished off the day's outfit. After setting my GPS to Eric's address, I pulled out of my driveway, not knowing what was possessing me to go through with Becky's request.

Once in the small seacoast town, I found a local bake shop, thinking another coffee and a muffin might help take the edge off. It was 9:20 am, as I walked in the quaint shop, leaving me with 40 minutes to get the 1/2 mile to Eric's massage parlor. I ordered my coffee and one of their blueberry muffins, then took a seat by the front window. Looking out over the charming little street, I found it difficult to believe an erotic massage parlor would fit in here, even though I figured that's not how Eric planned on promoting his new establishment.

After finishing my coffee and muffin, I returned to my car and headed the few blocks to Eric's, following the instructions of my GPS. As I made my way down the main street, that had a nostalgic 1950's feel, other shops and businesses made it obvious that this was a gay-bi friendly town. I started to feel a bit more relaxed about my upcoming endeavor.

I pulled into an available parking space right in front of the old, but well maintained, white stucco, one story building. With it's bright blue awnings, along with white print that read, "The Total Relaxation Studio", I felt relieved. The clean, bright appearance of the building, fit right into it's surroundings. I summoned my inner courage, got out of my car, then walked to the front door, unaware of what might be waiting for me inside.


T-shirt for sale. Part 48

Eric was waiting for me as I entered the front door. He was wearing blue men's jogging pants, white sneakers and a skin tight white T-shirt, with his company's logo printed on it. My first thought was he should have given me the business, even though neither of us had any idea who the other was, only a couple of days ago.

We introduced ourselves, shook hands, then he took me for the dime tour of his new facility. The entrance and waiting areas were carefully crafted to make the patrons feel relaxed, yet intrigued. The waiting area was set with wicker furniture, complete with large fluffy bright colored cushions.

Photos displayed on the walls, were a combination of serene nature photos, along with photos of the facility's different relaxation options. There was not only one, but three small saunas, a Jacuzzi room, seven massage rooms, and a door that led to the rear of the building, I was not privy too. My curiosity got the best of me, so I asked "Eric. what's in there?"

Eric was openly gay, and his demeanor was such, that there was no question about his sexual orientation. He looked at me, and said, "Kelly. That room is reserved for the women that want to climax, but are unable to do so, while in any of our other facilities". As I was staring at the door, wondering what was behind it, I heard Eric say, "Kelly. Let me show you to your locker".

He walked me back towards the front of the parlor, and pointed to a row of lockers, saying, "You can put your clothes in this one, Kelly", pointing to locker # 1. I looked at the small 12" x 16" locker, then I asked, "Do I get a towel or robe, or something?" He turned and looked at me, and replied, "We have monogrammed towels, and robes, but they are still in boxes out back. Becky told me you wouldn't wear one anyway."

I looked at him, and said, "She did. Did she?" In total defiance to proper etiquette, I slipped off my sandals, then put them in the small locker. I then removed my sundress, taking my time to fold the small dress, before putting it in the locker, on top of my sandals. My bra was next, followed by my white cotton panties. I put my purse on top of my surrendered clothing. Standing in front of Eric, totally naked, was making me moist, as I asked, "What's next?"

Hearing the locker door shut, while Eric spun the combination dial, was when I knew I was to remain naked, until he decided I was allowed to be clothed again. It was both, a bit scary, yet incredibly erotic. He then said, "Let's show you one of the massage room, Kelly". I followed him down the hall, when I noticed a photo on the wall, which included Eric, and three equally attractive and fit young men.

I stopped, then asked Eric, "Who are these guys with you in the photo?" His reply would make my knees buckle. He stopped, looked at the photo, and said, "That's Glen, Craig, and Luis, who will be the one holding the class today", so nonchalantly. "Class! What class?", I asked, feeling nervous, but intrigued.

"Becky didn't tell you?", was Eric's response. "Tell me what?", I insisted. "Kelly. Luis will be the one performing the erotic massage, while instructing the rest of us on the proper procedures, necessary to elevate our clients to their safe, yet satisfying conclusion. Some women will want to climax, while others may just want the arousal provided from the experience. It's all up to the individual client".

"Eric! Are you telling me! Luis is supposed to make me cum, while you, Glen and Craig watch? WTF ?", I exclaimed. Before Eric could respond, we heard the front door open, followed by the voices of men talking to each other. In a total panic, I looked around to find something, anything, to cover my shame, as the voices came closer. There wasn't even a box of tissues. I was about to be totally exposed to the three strange men, as Eric had no response, but to shrug his shoulders. I wanted to crawl into a hole and hide.

"Eric, buddy! This must be Kelly!", said one of the men, who I would later find out was Glen. All three men greeted me, as I was still frozen in my total humiliation. "Hi", was all I could utter, knowing I was becoming more moist between my thighs, as the introductions continued. I found out, when you feel you can endure no more, every second seems like an hour. An hour of complete mortification, or and hour of total arousal. Either way, I was standing with four handsome, ripped young gay men, totally naked.


T-shirt for sale. Part 49

Believe it or not, after meeting Luis, Glen and Craig, in the nude, I started feeling a bit more relaxed. They were all so sweet. All four men were dressed in their studio uniforms and looked, well....Delicious. Craig seemed fixated on my tits, when he just blurted out, "Kelly. The pictures Eric showed us, do not do your nipples justice. They are like perfect little gumdrops perched on your tiny breasts.

"PICTURES! What pictures?", I demanded, when instead, I should have been completely humiliated and possibly offended. Craig pulled out his phone and showed me not only pictures of me waiting tables in the nude at Becky's pub, but two of me after my massive orgasm in the pool room, after the pub had closed. I could have died of embarrassment. I became speechless.

In an attempt to end the awkward situation, Eric suggested we continue to see the rest of the facility. The four men were showing me around, when Luis said, "Well Kelly, What do you say we start with a nice relaxing massage?' I barely heard him, as my thoughts were consumed with the idea that these four men had photos of me naked, spread eagle, while covered in my own cum. The epitome of degrading.

Anyone in their right mind would have insisted that Eric return their clothes, got in their car and headed for home. But I just stood their, as they all looked upon my naked little body. In somewhat of a daze, I heard Luis suggest a change of itinerary. "Kelly. How about a bikini wax before the massage?" I had grown back a small patch of pubic hair since my trip to San Francisco, but kept the area around it, smooth and hair free.

Still speechless, I nodded in approval, having no idea why I agreed to such a demeaning procedure. I was more than capable of removing my own pubic hair. Now I had allowed myself to be put in a position, where four dressed men were going to watch my pubic hair removed by wax and tape. Eric lead us to a room with a padded table, where one half folded from flat to upright. He set the back half way up to a 45 degree angle, then patted the seat, indicating me to hop up on it.

Luis walked over to me, then spread my legs open, so the bottoms of my feet were touching. Almost the same position Becky had put me in, when I was laid out on the bar in her pub. He then ran his fingers through my small patch of jet black pubic hair. I was so stimulated, I began to be concerned the wetness coming from my pussy may be detected.

Luis turned to get the wax, when Glen started running his fingers through my pubic hair, asking me, "Kelly. Are you ready to be completely bald down here?" turning everyone's focus towards my soon to be bald pussy, while still running his fingers through the small tuft of hair. I continued to remain speechless.

As Luis prepared to apply the wax, Eric whispered in my ear, "This may help you to relax, Kelly", as he reached over my shoulders, then started to massage my erect nipples with some kind of stimulation cream. Barely 11:00 am, and I was naked, legs spread wide open, while one of the four dressed men was applying wax to my pubic hair, while another was massaging my nipples, and the other two were observing the entire sorted affair. Every sexual fiber of my being, was total aroused.

The rip of the tape, then seeing it with my black pubic hair stuck to it, sent shivers up my spine, as Eric continued to keep me calm, by massaging my nipples. Fortunately the waxing was over quickly, due to the small size of my pubic patch. Glen grabbed some crème and started rubbing my now red pussy lips, slipping his fingers inside my slit on occasion, as Eric never stopped my erotic nipple massage.

Luis put away the waxing materials, and asked, "Ready for a nice relaxing massage, Kelly?" I looked up at him, and asked, against my better judgement, "Can I have an orgasm first?" Luis answered, "Of course you can, Kelly. I'll be right back". Eric told Craig to continue my nipple massage, as he told me he was going to set up a face-time with his sister Becky.

Looking at Craig massaging my nipples, and Glen working on my clit, Eric said, "Kelly. I know my sister has not been this happy in years, and I can see why she's given you the pet name "Dirty Girl. You two are perfect for each other", as he made the connection with Becky. Dirty Girl was not the name I would have hoped was broadcasted, while I was being massaged by four dressed homosexual men, while naked. Luis returned to the room, holding a vaginal massage wand.



