I am 33 years old young man interested in fucking married women above
my age. There is one instance. I live in chennai. I was staying in my
aunty house for some time. My aunty Mrs. Pillai looks very sexy with
big breast and big buttocks. She is aged 46 and she doesn't look like
that aged. I was having a eye on her. But due to age difference I
cant approach her for sackbut whenever I cross her I use to rub her
buttocks with my hand or fingers or with my buttocks, as I act that I
did it without intentionally. I was waiting for a good time and I
planned what I should do to fuck her.

The time came one day everyone in house went to a function in morning
itself. I started talking with her generally and I told her we will
buy some lunch from hotel. She told o. K. I went to the hotel and
bought dosa for her and bought some sex simulating tablets for ladies
and made powder and mixed with dosa everywhere as she could not find
anything. Again I packed the dosa in nice manner and brought home and
gave the dosa to her. I also bought a dosa for myself. Both of us
started eating dosa.

After finishing she started to drowse immediately, because I had
given over dosage. When she got from chair, she started falling down.
I suddenly got hold of her in my hands. Slowly I put my hands in her
breast there was no response. I cleaned her hands by rubbish and
papers. Slowly I moved her by taking her to bedroom. She was totally
lying on me and she was unconscious. I made her lay on bed. I went to
my room changed to lungi, closed all doors and windows and reached
near her. Closed the bedroom door switched the light and fan. Went
near by her removed her saree on top, opened her blouse and bra, not
removed fully. Took her breast in hands sucked pressed juiced did all
what I want to do.

Slowly removed her saree in bottom, saw her fucking cunt in full
light, pushed her sideways and saw her full view of her buttocks.
Pressed and made the buttocks to view in different shapes. Then
finally I started her fucking with all my energy. She was slowly
responding to me by shaking her buttocks and lifting her buttocks
upwards to get a full stroke shot. But she was still in unconscious
stage. I started at enjoying her from 12:30p. M. To 3:00p. M. I
fucked her thrice during this time in three poses, by putting more
pillows under her buttocks and getting her fucked in cushion type and
watched the movements of her buttocks along with her hips. Enjoyed
very well.

Finally when she got she saw me and her in half naked. She started
fighting with me. I had talk a lot to compromise her that when she
was above to fall down I hold her and that started me heating and I
was uncontrolled. Finally I talked and brainwashed her that nothing
wrong in it. After she went to bathroom and came, again I started by
holding her hand. She refused a lot but I convinced her and started
slowly occupying her. I started kissing her by mouth to mouth and she
was slowly losing herself. Then I kissed her in different types and
put my hands in her breast and slowly removed hooks in her blouse and
started sucking her both breast for longtime. This time I removed her
blouse and bra fully after I removed her saree and petticoat and made
her totally naked. She told to switch of the lights and I started
putting my penis into her cunt and started a full stroke of fucking.

Once the first time is over, she was o. K. During the gap of next
shot I took a look on her whole body, with her legs up/down
backside/side wards told her to stand and had looked her beautiful
cunt and buttocks as I had looked it with only saree covered. That
day I fucked her five times very hard and tough and she enjoyed very
much by holding her buttocks in my hand and fucking/kneeldownfucking
etc. We have to stop at 5:00p. M. Because servant maid has came to do
work. From that day onwards when nobody is there I use to fuck my
aunty sometimes longfucking naked sometimes shortfucking without
removing clothes.



