Sonny Steelgrave stood by the reception desk, arms folded, looking very pissed off. Vinnie began his apology but got cut off by Sonny's, "Where the hell have you been?"

"I'm sorry, Sonny."

Still frowning, Sonny relaxed a little. "C'mon, let's go. Pat'll be there by now."

Vinnie followed him out of the hotel, dreading this afternoon. They were on their way to a tuxedo fitting -- one of the final preparations for Sonny's wedding to Teresa Baglia -- and Pat-the-Cat Patrice was going to be there. And Patrice was the last person in the world Vinnie wanted to see.

Two nights ago, at Sonny's insistence, he'd offered his services to Patrice, and Pat had taken far more than Sonny could have imagined. The memory of Pat thrusting into him and calling him "a loyal man" sickened Vinnie. Now, the only way he wanted to see Pat-the-Cat was in handcuffs and on his way to the federal pen.

Although he tried to convince himself Patrice was the immeditate source of his unease, Vinnie knew there was more to it than that. The more to it being Sonny. Using some sort of sick sixth sense, Pat had divined Vinnie's own interest in Sonny. Although, being Pat-the-Cat, he had assumed the interest was purely physical lust, carrying none of the emotional baggage of passion or love. If only. Lust would have been less painful.

Pain. Somehow the word seemed too powerful and yet not comprehensive enough for what Vinnie felt, looking at Sonny now. Pain was too strong to describe the ache he felt for Sonny's touch -- yet glossed over the conflicting desires which were threatening to devour him. The desire to do right and put an end to Sonny's empire. The desire to shed all the lies he'd buried himself in. The desire to make love to Sonny and feel, to its deepest and darkest intensity, the energy that attracted him to Sonny, that bound them together.

He watched Sonny striding from the lobby, watched with the bizarre confusion of affection and longing and dread he invariably felt around Sonny now. Doing his best to push the confusion aside, he followed.

-----

The tuxedo place was on the outskirts of town, near one of the upscale suburbs members of la famiglia called home. It was strictly neutral -- like everything else in this wedding. Everything except the groom, his best man, and everyone else in the wedding party. There was a war coming and Vinnie was trapped right in the middle of it.

As they pulled up to the curb, Vinnie noticed Patrice's limousine parked in front. He felt ill just looking at it. Steeling himself for an encounter he would have given anything to avoid, he got out of the car and followed Sonny inside.

The place looked empty at first. Just rows of suits and a formica-topped counter. Sonny headed to the back and opened a door marked 'private.' Inside were Paul Patrice, one of his henchmen, and a tiny old man in his shirtsleeves, holding a measuring tape, cigarette dangling from his mouth. Sonny patted the old man's shoulder.

"Hey, Eddie, how's it going?"

"Just fine, Mr. Steelgrave," Eddie rasped. He helped Patrice out of his jacket. "Mr. Patrice here has an eye for style."

Sonny's lips locked in a sarcastic smile. "Yeah. No kidding."

Patrice turned around then, unbuttoning his shirt. Examining Sonny closely, he remarked, "It's good to see you looking so happy, Salvatore. You're not having second thoughts?"

"About my wedding? Or about having you as my best man?" asked Sonny with a laugh.

Pat smiled grimly at his joke, obviously not amused. Then his eyes traveled beyond Sonny and he spotted Vinnie standing next to the door and doing his best to blend in with the wall.

"And it's always a pleasure to see Vinnie," Pat said, casting an avaricious glance down Vinnie's body as he let Eddie strip his shirt off. Vinnie held back the disgust and anger he felt. He'd known Pat would be this way, openly gloating before Sonny, who had no idea about their shared secret. Still, it was worse than he imagined, having to stand there and watch Patrice get undressed. He involuntarily remembered the feel of Patrice's satin sheets, the design of the ceiling above Patrice's bed, the sound of Patrice's heavy, rhythmic breathing as he fucked him. Mouth dry, Vinnie shifted nervously and looked away as Eddie began to measure Pat's inseam.

His gaze fell on Sonny, who was looking at him intently. Something about that look nagged at him... It didn't seem malevolent, it didn't seem benign. Assessment, that's what it was. But for what? He didn't look away, he allowed himself the luxury of staring directly into Sonny's eyes, watching how even the dusty fluourescent light overhead sparked them with fiery glints.

Sonny turned away and began pawing through a rack of jackets. He pulled one out and fingered the material.

"What do you think of this one?" he asked Vinnie. Grateful for an excuse to move out of Patrice's line of vision, Vinnie joined Sonny and touched the jacket.

"It's okay," he said, an automatic response.

Sonny replaced the jacket and drew out another one. Vinnie stood there for a full fifteen minutes, watching Sonny choose and reject almost every jacket on the rack. It was so unlike him, who always knew exactly what he wanted. Something was bothering him. Uneasy, Vinnie looked up to catch Patrice contemplating them.

Sonny took a jacket over to the three-sided mirror and Eddie helped him into it. Patrice moved away, coming to stand next to Vinnie.

"Sonny really looks good in a tux, doesn't he?" he said, surreptitiously sliding a hand over Vinnie's ass. Vinnie tensed every muscle in his body in an effort not to twitch away in repulsion. Determinedly keeping his gaze on Sonny, he cleared his throat.

"Yeah, he looks great."

Patrice dropped his hand and walked away, gracing Vinnie with a feline smile. Vinnie saw Sonny's reflection watching him, that same intense look of assessment.

-----

An hour later, and they were through. Vinnie was itching to leave. Patrice had watched him getting measured with ill-concealed carnal enjoyment. And whenever Vinnie looked to Sonny, Sonny looked away.

Patrice's henchman left first. Eddie pulled Sonny aside to discuss business details. "You go ahead. I'll meet you in the car," Sonny said in response to Vinnie's impatient look, so he headed out, soon joined by Pat-the-Cat.

"How are you, Vincenzo?" he asked.

"I'm fine, Mr. Patrice."

"Are you?" Patrice stopped abruptly, standing in front of the shop door and blocking Vinnie's exit. "I can see how much you still want Sonny," he said. "It's like some drug you can't get enough of."

Vinnie blanched. Pat wasn't going to let him forget that he knew about Vinnie's secret desire. Okay, that Patrice would tease him like this was predictable, but did he have to do it here, right under Sonny's nose? Vinnie glanced over his shoulder, but the back room door was still closed.

"But you know the problem with addictions," Pat continued, his eyes shining and voice cold. "They cloud your judgment. You can't see straight." He softened his voice a little. "Me, I like to keep my judgment clear."

Vinnie got the message, but he hated Pat's arrogance in delivering it.

"Not an addict, huh?"

Fury flashed in Patrice's eyes but he controlled his temper. Calmly, he said, "There are two ways to break an addiction, Vincenzo: cold turkey, or lethal overdose. You'd better decide how you're going to break this Steelgrave habit of yours, you understand?"

Vinnie wanted to wipe that smirk off the Cat's face with his fist and choke the life out of him. At the very least, he wanted to tell Patrice to go to hell. But he couldn't do any of that. He was trapped in a lie within a lie. As far as Pat was concerned, he was Patrice's boy now. He nodded obediently.

"I understand."

Patrice squeezed Vinnie's shoulder. "Good."

A noise caused Vinnie to look back. Sonny and Eddie emerged from the fitting room. Vinnie stood back from Patrice.

"I was just telling Vinnie I hope he'll come to Brooklyn if he gets bored. While you're away," Pat explained.

Sonny stopped in front of him, eyes wary. "Away?" he asked suspiciously.

Pat smiled. "You are taking Teresa on a honeymoon, aren't you?"

Sonny relaxed, grinning coldly. "Of course, Paul. A beautiful woman needs to be taken to beautiful places."

"Of course," said Patrice. With a slight incline of his head he said goodbye and left. Sonny glared at his departing form, brushed past Vinnie and headed for the car.

In the car, Vinnie could almost feel the heat of anger radiating from Sonny. He waited for Sonny to say something, but Sonny never did. It had to be Patrice, though Vinnie wondered what, exactly, had triggered Sonny today. Pat had been his usual smooth, egotistical self at the tuxedo fitting -- nothing Sonny wasn't used to. And if anyone should be seething at Patrice, it should be Vinnie.

After a while, he glanced over at Sonny, who sat in the passenger seat, jaw set, frowning at the road ahead.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

Sonny looked at him sharply, then let his anger cool. "Nothing."

At the hotel, Sonny slammed the car door behind him and rushed through the lobby to the elevators. Vinnie, determined to find out what was wrong, followed him. He caught up with him just as the elevator doors were closing, caught one door with his hand and squeezed himself inside. Sonny flicked him an irritated look but said nothing.

"Okay, what did I do?" Vinnie asked.

He waited, watching Sonny watching the floor numbers light up, entire body tense. Losing his patience, he grabbed Sonny's shoulder and spun him around.

"Sonny, look at me. What is it?"

He saw Sonny's temper flash, and braced himself for the outburst, but it never came. Sonny abruptly cooled, lips twisting into a sneer.

"That was some show you put on today, Terranova," he said, shrugging off Vinnie's touch.

Vinnie's hand dropped. "I don't get it."

Sonny smiled coldly. "I'm thinking maybe I should book the honeymoon suite for you and Pat instead."

Vinnie started to protest, when the elevator doors opened. Sonny stalked out, making for his office.

"Sonny! Wait!" Vinnie went after him, ignoring the startled looks from the secretaries. Inside Sonny's office, Vinnie shut the door. Sonny was pacing in quick, tight steps. He stopped and jabbed a finger at Vinnie.

"You. I can't believe you. What did he promise you, huh? A piece of my action? Maybe all of it. I can't believe you'd do this to me."

Vinnie couldn't believe what he was hearing. Sonny thought he'd really sold out to Pat-the-Cat? This was the final insult, after everything he'd gone through.

"Sonny, no. You've got it all wrong."

Sonny raised his eyebrows and gestured wildly. "Me? I've got it wrong? What, you think I'm blind? I was there today. What was that? The Cat was all over you, man. A little pat here, a little whisper there. I never would've believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes."

Vinnie's eyes widened. A sudden urge to punch Steelgrave in the mouth rose up in him, but he shoved it aside.

"Jesus! I don't believe this!" he exploded. "You were the one who sent me to Patrice. You were the one who insisted I pretend to sell you out. Remember that?"

"Yeah," Sonny snorted. "I remember. I told you to pretend, not to actually go through with it."

"Sonny," Vinnie gritted out, exasperated. "I haven't sold you out. You told me to play up to Patrice, so I played up to Patrice. You think I'd go over to him?"

Sonny was standing behind his desk. He stared at Vinnie, eyes narrowed, mouth drawn. He rested his fingertips on the glass desk top, leaned forward, and said in a low, harsh tone, "I know about the hit."

Vinnie stood perfectly still, ignoring the chill sliver of fear that pierced his spine. He licked his lips nervously.

"How?"

Sonny's eyes blazed. "How?! You ask me how?!" He regained his calm. "All that matters is that I didn't find out from you."

Vinnie's mind raced, searching for an explanation. He watched as Sonny crossed the room, shut the blinds to the outer office, then crossed back and opened a desk drawer. Vinnie didn't have to look to know what he was reaching in for.

"So now you're just gonna whack me in your own office? Oh, that's real smart, Sonny. The cops'll never know it was you."

Sonny replaced the gun and closed the drawer. "You deserve to die," he observed disdainfully, sitting down. "For being my Brutus, my executioner."

"I was going to tell you about the hit," Vinnie lied, voice sincere, begging to be believed.

Sonny stared up at him, obviously unconvinced. "Oh yeah? What were you going to do? Write it on my wedding cake?"

Vinnie seethed with resentment. Hell, it was Sonny's fault for sending him to Patrice in the first place, for using Vinnie as bait.

"I didn't sell you out to Patrice," he muttered angrily. "I was going to tell you, I swear." The more he watched Sonny's disbelieving face, the more his temper flared. "This is what you get!" he shouted. "This is what comes of these little games you play. Damn you, Sonny! I can't believe all I've done for you, and when it comes right down to it, you don't care."

Sonny, though still hostile, seemed taken aback by his anger. "All you've done for me," he repeated mockingly. "All you've done is stab me in the back." Glaring at Vinnie with cold contempt, he rose from the desk and turned to look out the window.

Vinnie came up behind him, took him by the shoulders and spun him around. "I slept with Patrice for you," he ground out, thrusting Sonny up against the window.

The second he said it, he wished he hadn't. He'd never intended to tell Sonny. Although deep inside he felt unburdened, he'd never wanted those words to let slip out. Damn Sonny for forcing him into this. His rage consuming him, he gripped Sonny harder, keeping him pinned to the window.

Sonny's eyes were wide, round. He frowned slightly. Vinnie watched the interplay of shock and disbelief in his expression, waiting for a reaction. When Sonny spoke, his voice was a dry hiss.

"You-- and Patrice?" His frown deepened, registering disgust. He stared at Vinnie as if he were diseased.

No way he was going to take this from Sonny. Before he could stop himself, Vinnie snarled, "Yeah. Me and Patrice. And know what? I enjoyed it. I liked spreading my legs for Patrice, and you know why? Because I pretended it was you."

Sonny's expression blanked. Vinnie immediately wanted to take back everything he'd just said. They stared at one another, silent and tense, each waiting for the other to make a move.

"Why didn't you tell me?" Sonny said at last, voice quiet but hard.

"Every time I thought about it, I felt like I was gonna puke. Besides, tell you what?" Vinnie replied. "Tell you I wanna boff your brains out? That would've gone over real well..."

Sonny's eyes flashed for a split second. Vinnie relaxed his hold and took a step back. Sonny screwed his face up in disgust. "Yeah, but to go to Patrice--"

"I didn't go to him," Vinnie interrupted angrily. "You sent me, remember?"

"I didn't send you there to get laid," Sonny protested. "I sent you to get information."

"Yeah, well, Pat's method of recruitment included a visit to his bedroom. If I hadn't gone through with it, he would've known something was up."

Sonny seemed stunned. "You went through all that just to get Pat to believe in you?"

Vinnie thought of all the things he'd done to get Sonny to believe in him. He didn't answer.

"You did that for me," Sonny said, seeming to speak to himself. He relaxed, sighed. "Oh shit, Vinnie. You should've told me..." He hesitated, then reached out and lightly touched Vinnie's cheek with his fingertips. "I guess you were right -- you have done a lot for me."

His voice was a smooth, seductive purr. The touch of his fingers sent waves of electric heat through Vinnie's body. Sonny had to know, after Vinnie's confession, the reaction he was provoking. Was he being deliberately cruel? Vinnie brushed his hand away.

"Don't."

Sonny regarded him for a second. "Maybe you should have said something sooner."

Vinnie just stared at him, incredulous. "Why?" he asked, on the defensive. All he needed now was for Sonny to tease him, to turn this into a warped joke.

"Why do you think, smart guy?" Sonny responded, giving Vinnie's stomach a playful pat with the back of his hand.

"Sonny, don't do this. It's not funny," Vinnie growled.

Sonny turned from him, casually going over to the desk and rearranging the letter opener and fountain pen. "Why are you so sure I'm joking?" he asked, tone neutral but Vinnie could sense he was hiding something.

Oh God, he shouldn't have told Sonny. This was unbearable -- he would've preferred Sonny's wrath over this cold teasing.

"Damn it, Sonny," he said, grabbing Sonny's wrist and twisting him around to face him.

Sonny remained calm, did not try to break free. Head slightly tilted, eyelids heavy, he let the whisper of a smile cross his lips. "That's right," he invited softly. "Get as close as you want."

Vinnie, still clutching his wrist, wasn't sure whether to hit him or kiss him, then Sonny made his mind up for him. He moved in slowly, part-way, and Vinnie, in wonderment, matched his moves until their lips met. The sensation -- Sonny's smooth, warm lips touching him -- resonated through his body. Intensified his longing and hunger until he had his tongue in Sonny's mouth. Sonny used his free hand to pull Vinnie closer, fingers entangled in Vinnie's hair.

Vinnie remembered his hold on Sonny's wrist and let go, pulling away. Sonny kept his hand on Vinnie's neck, standing close, so close Vinnie could feel him breathing. He moved in as if to initiate another kiss, but paused, staring into Vinnie's eyes.

"What's wrong?"

Vinnie wanted to answer, but wasn't sure what to say. So many thoughts crowding into his mind at once. He couldn't believe this was happening. He kept waiting to wake up, or for Sonny to punch his lights out, or whack him... Fifteen minutes ago they were arguing about Patrice and Sonny was reaching for a gun, now they'd just kissed and Sonny was caressing the nape of his neck, the touch making him dizzy with physical need. And he wanted to know what was wrong?

"Sonny... I don't know about this. I don't understand..."

Sonny's eyebrows raised in surprise. "I didn't think I'd have to spell it out for you. Didn't you just say you wanted me to fuck you? Or did I get that wrong?"

Vinnie slowly shook his head. "No, but--"

"But what?" Sonny interrupted, impatient. He brushed closer, whispering, "Let's go for it, Vinnie. Whatever Pat can give, I can give you better."

Patrice?! This was about Patrice? Vinnie stepped back, out of Sonny's reach, furious.

"I don't fucking believe you, Sonny."

Sonny frowned. "What? What's the matter? You say you want me, then you act like you don't. What's wrong with you?"

Vinnie shook his head, ramming his hands onto his hips. "I'll tell you what's wrong. Jesus Christ, I tell you something that's been eating at my soul, and you think it's some kind of competition you have with Patrice. Whatever Pat-the-Cat has you've gotta have. Well, here's a newsflash: I'm not some goddamn toy for you and Patrice to fight over."

Sonny moved toward him, hands outspread, trying to calm him down. "Hey, I know that. Vinnie, please." He came up to him and rested his hand on Vinnie's shoulder, squeezing it while his eyes searched Vinnie's face for signs of refusal. "Look. Maybe I'm not handling this too good. I'm just trying to offer you something I thought you wanted."

Vinnie, not quite over his burst of anger, didn't say anything. Much as he wanted Sonny, he couldn't believe that Sonny would be willing to give him this.

"I'll admit," Sonny continued, running his hand over Vinnie's chest as if straightening his jacket, "I hate the thought of you and Patty... The idea makes me sick. But now, this has nothing to do with him. It's just about you and me, yeah?"

Vinnie looked into his eyes, intent, hiding nothing, and believed him.

"Yeah," he said quietly.

"Good," Sonny whispered with a smile.

"But I'm still not sure..." Vinnie trailed off, asking himself why he was so hesitant. Sonny was offering to make his wildest dreams come true.

Sonny was staring at him now, suspicious.

"Maybe I'm just worried this isn't really what you want," he mumbled, knowing that wasn't the real reason for his hesitation. The real reason was that he wanted this so badly it terrified him.

Sonny rubbed his shoulder affectionately. "Well, don't worry, okay? Hey, I've been around the block a few times. What, you think I'm a virgin?"

Vinnie didn't bother masking his surprise. Sonny chuckled softly and ran a hand along Vinnie's hip.

"Let's go get some dinner," Sonny suggested with a lazy wink.

-----

Contrary to Vinnie's optimistic wish, they did not go down to the plush, mezzanine restaurant. Sonny pressed the button for the penthouse and they arrived at Vinnie's foyer. Sonny stepped out of the elevator, and Vinnie stayed back.

"What about dinner?" he asked.

"We'll order room service," Sonny told him. He gave Vinnie an assessing glance. "What's the matter? You don't want this?" He sounded half-insulted, half-angry.

Vinnie approached him, knowing this was foolish and dangerous. He was already too close to Sonny. Knowing nothing was going to stop him, anyway.

He stopped a few feet away, looking into those dark, round, glittering eyes, became lost in them. Yes, he wanted Sonny. He wanted him body and soul. That bastard Patrice was right: it was an addiction. His body craved Sonny like it craved food, water, air.

The sun was setting. A brilliant streak of orange blazed over Sonny's shoulder, highlighting soft wisps of hair, casting his face in shadows. Vinnie closed the distance between them but before he could make a move Sonny had grabbed his face with both hands and was kissing him. Hungry, animalistic, it was a predatory, devouring kiss and as Sonny rammed his tongue into Vinnie's mouth, Vinnie knew he wanted much more.

Hands spreading across Sonny's back, he pulled him closer. Sonny slid his hands down Vinnie's sides and cupped his buttocks, emitting a low hum of approval. Vinnie took two steps back and hit the wall, Sonny crushing into him. Vinnie ran a hand through Sonny's hair and kissed him sweetly, but Sonny turned it into another hot, invasive, oral exploration.

Between Sonny's tongue teasing his mouth and Sonny's fingers gripping his buttocks, Vinnie was starting to get warm, to get hard. Sonny lifted one of Vinnie's legs and stroked the underside of his thigh. Frenzied, Vinnie arched his back and ground his hips against Sonny's. His hands stumbled into Sonny's jacket, drawing out his shirttails, wandering towards the warm skin underneath.

Sonny briefly relinquished his hold on Vinnie to shrug off his jacket but immediately returned his hands to Vinnie's ass, hoisting him forward. Vinnie felt Sonny's erection pressing against his and threw his head back against the wall with a guttural moan. Sonny's mouth descended upon Vinnie's neck, biting, licking, sucking, while he held Vinnie's ass and humped against him. Vinnie dug his fingers into Sonny's flesh, heart pounding, panting for breath.

Sonny's hand travelled over Vinnie's hip to tug down Vinnie's zipper. He let his hand roam beneath Vinnie's shirt and into his undershorts. Vinnie felt the base of Sonny's hand nudge the tip of his cock and trembled expectantly. Sonny's tongue traced around his earlobe and he heard a breathy, "Oh yeah, Terranova. You want it."

Vinnie shut his eyes, gulped, and nodded. He stood stock-still while Sonny's hand glided over his sweat-slick skin, navigating across his belly, down the join of pelvic bone and leg, to settle at his balls, which he squeezed just enough to cause Vinnie to inhale sharply. All the while whispering roughly, "Oh yeah. This is what you want. I'm gonna fuck your brains out. I'm gonna fuck you until you die, Vinnie, because you want me to." And the coarse stream of words only made Vinnie hotter, more desperate.

Sonny very carefully released his hold and stepped back, flinging his shirt across the room. Vinnie ripped his tie and jacket off and let his trousers fall to the floor, slipped out of his shoes and socks. He was pulling off his shirt when Sonny closed the gap between them and asked quietly, "Do you want it on the floor or on the bed?"

Vinnie could feel the blood swirling around inside him, rushing to his limbs, his groin, his head. Sonny gazed at him, desire gleaming in his eyes, deadly serious but smiling slightly -- just enough so that Vinnie knew he was enjoying this. Wanted this. Wanted him. The thought awakened inside Vinnie: Sonny wanted him. Questions began to form, questions he ignored, guided only by simple fact -- he wanted Sonny, Sonny wanted him. It was something he couldn't have foreseen, wouldn't let himself wish for. Sonny wasn't doing this to prove a point, or to get even with Patrice, or to keep his right hand man happy. He was doing this because he genuinely wanted to, and Vinnie was awestruck at the revelation.

Sonny was staring into him, and he remembered there was a question pending. "The bed," he said, wondering if they could really last the five yards to the bedroom.

Shedding the remainder of his clothes he followed Sonny into the bedroom. Obscured by shadows, Sonny stripped with calm, unhurried motions. Vinnie found himself holding back, refraining from touching Sonny's naked skin like he wanted to. He wasn't reluctant -- God, no -- but there was still a hesitation in his mind. Underneath it all, he knew this was a mistake. He was losing his balance, getting seduced by Sonny in every possible way, but at that moment, sitting on the bed, waiting for Sonny to engulf him, he would have died before he'd say 'no.'

Sonny surprised him by kneeling beside the bed and settling in between Vinnie's legs. Involuntarily, a flashback of Paul Patrice doing exactly the same thing stabbed at Vinnie's memory and he tensed. Sonny, misinterpreting the reaction, massaged Vinnie's legs in a steady, soothing rhythm. Vinnie sprawled backward and a second later was joined by Sonny, who slid a knee between his legs. Sonny propped himself up on one arm, the other hand splayed over Vinnie's chest, and let his eyes travel the length of Vinnie's body.

"Mm-mm. This is some view," he remarked appreciatively. He closed two fingers around Vinnie's right nipple and teased it with languid, circular movements. "I guess I can't blame Paul for putting the moves on you. This kind of beauty is hard to resist."

Vinnie glared at him, and grasped Sonny's cock roughly. "How hard?" he asked in his toughest voice, hoping Sonny would get the hint and drop the subject of Pat-the-Cat once and for all.

Thrusting into Vinnie's grasp, Sonny grinned. He blew hot breath in his ear, purring, "I like you getting hard-ons for me. I like knowing how much you want me to fuck you. It turns me on, Vinnie, knowing how much you'd do for me, how far you'd go." He kissed behind Vinnie's ear, nuzzling his hair. "I've never had someone like you by my side."

Vinnie turned away, overwhelmed and disturbed. Sonny was kissing his neck, caressing him, tormenting his cock. Vinnie fought back the feelings of guilt which had started to compete for his attention, let go of all the nagging doubts and turned back to Sonny, taking his face in his hands and kissing him desperately.

Sonny reached beneath Vinnie's legs, gave his balls a quick, taunting grope, then Sonny's index and middle fingers were inside him, pumping his ass. Vinnie gasped, breathing fifty times faster. He hooked a leg over Sonny's waist, wrapping himself around him, clutching his shoulders, devouring his neck. He felt Sonny's cock, warm, wet, hard, against his leg and nudged it slightly. He rolled Sonny onto his back and sat astride him while Sonny's hands worked his ass. He reluctantly pulled away, took Sonny's cock in hand and bent down to envelop it with his mouth.

Sonny's fingers tangled in his hair as Vinnie slid his tongue around the tip, tasting the salty pre-come. He drew it in further, washing it with slow, fluid licks. Sonny was nearly ripping his hair out, and his cock was deliciously hot, throbbing in Vinnie's mouth. He would love to give Sonny a blow job, but no, that wasn't what he was aching for now. He didn't care if it hurt, a rough fuck was his primal need. He hungered to feel Sonny inside him.

He rose up and settled on his back, locking his legs around Sonny, who entered him, thick, hot. Shoulders bolted to the bed, he groaned in pleasured pain, ground down to welcome him and they began to move, crashing against each other. A sweet burning sensation pounded into him. Layer after layer stripped away until they were raw flesh and bone merging. All of his energy and emotion poured forth and all of Sonny's energy and emotion poured into him.

Sonny thrust harder, scorching within him, scalding away all feeling until there was an instant when he was hyper-aware -- the sheen of perspiration on Sonny's chest, the atomic heat and constant motion between his thighs, the pressure mounting in his cock.

A flash of blinding light and the raw mass of flesh they had become combusted. As Sonny's cock erupted inside him, he was dragged to climax, thrown headlong into a solid wall of fire. He savored the moment, the fleeting remnants reverberating in and around him, soldered to Sonny with heat, flesh, and semen. The delirium lingered, wrapping him in a thick fog, gradually dispelled when Sonny released him.

They lay there a long time, staring at nothing, not moving, aware of every particle of each other's being. Sonny stretched out beside him, casually running the back of his hand over Vinnie's chest, knuckles skating from nipple to nipple.

"Mmm-hmm," Sonny sighed in some sort of acknowledgment of assent. Vinnie wiped a hand across his sweat-drenched forehead, still struggling for breath, then wrapped his arms around Sonny's midriff, resting his head on Sonny's shoulder.

"We have to talk," Sonny said, fingertips skimming along his arm.

Vinnie released him and leaned back, instantly chilled. Yeah, they had to talk big time. About minor details, like: what in the hell had just happened, and what were they going to do now? Vinnie wasn't sure of anything, except he wished there wasn't a wall of lies between them. He wanted to destroy that wall, but had no idea how to do it without also destroying them both.

Sonny sat back, settling comfortably against Vinnie's shoulder. He rested a hand on Vinnie's knee. "I've thought about us getting together like this before," he said. "Funny how it took a snake like Pat-the-Cat to make it happen." He smiled at Vinnie's wide-eyed expression. "Surprised, huh?"

Vinnie was beyond surprised -- shocked, that was more like it. All this time, and Sonny had been thinking the same thoughts... It was both a comforting and a depressing realization.

"And I'm glad it happened," Sonny continued, rubbing Vinnie's knee. "Everything is going my way, I can feel it. This marriage is going to be the best move I ever made. From the Bronx to Atlantic City, everything is going to be mine. I'll have Teresa to give me sons, and I'll have you right by my side. We're going to be a great team, Vinnie," he promised. "In bed and everywhere else," he added with a lewd grin, softly kissing Vinnie's cheek.

Vinnie lowered his eyes, feeling the wall of lies pressing in on him. For months he'd told himself that what he felt for Sonny was lust and nothing more. A physical attraction, chemistry, only skin-deep. But that was just another lie -- to himself. He loved Sonny. Despite all the reasons why he shouldn't, despite knowing that he still had to turn Sonny in, he loved him. He braced himself for the internal onslaught of guilt, doubt, and recrimination, but all he felt was the warmth of love and contentment. He wrapped his arm around Sonny's shoulders and hugged him closer.

"Mmm," Sonny sighed. "You getting hungry?"

"I'm starving," replied Vinnie, only now aware of that fact himself.

"Order us some room service, okay? And we can discuss a little business."

Vinnie frowned. "Business?"

Sonny sat up and gazed into Vinnie's eyes, calm, serious. "Yeah. There's something I want you to take care of for me. I was going to do it myself but I figure what the hell. I think you'll enjoy this as much as I was gonna."

Vinnie stared at him expectantly, the empty pit in his stomach having nothing to do with his hunger.

Smiling pleasantly, obviously proud of his generosity, Sonny told him, "I want you to kill Patrice."