Sue's Fourteenth Birthday
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

Chapter 1

I guess pretty much all girls notice that men and boys look at them differently when they start to go through puberty, and it may all be in my head, but I seem to get it more than most.

I started getting little breast buds when I was about eleven or twelve and at that point my nipples got, and remain, incredibly sensitive, which means that a lot of the time they are at least partially erect.

They seem to be a source of fascination for an awful lot of men and even some women.

My height shot up at about that time and my breasts grew rapidly until now, with my fourteenth birthday coming up tomorrow, they are a C-cup, which is not huge, but is bigger than most girls my age and they look larger than they are on my 5’ 2” 85lb frame.

I try hard to ignore the stares and I don’t dress is such a way as to encourage them, but it does make me a little uncomfortable. It seems to be worst when I am wearing my school uniform for some reason, even though my skirt is a sensible length: just above the knee, and I wear my blazer over my buttoned up blouse in all but the hottest weather.

What I find most disturbing is that it even happens in my own home. I’ve caught both my fifteen year old brother Nick and my Dad staring at my boobs or my ass when they thought I wasn’t looking.

Talking to my girl friends at school they all seem to have the same experiences to a lesser or greater degree, and just say that that’s the way men are, and you just have to get used to it.

The next morning we get up early and I open my presents. I get a lovely silver necklace from Dad.

I try it on and the 26 inch chain means that the beautiful silver bee hangs just between my breasts. Everyone insists that I undo the buttons on my blouse so that they can admire it properly and Mom says it looks lovely and that I should keep my blouse like that.

From Mom I get a bottle of Chanel Coco Mademoiselle Eau de Parfum Spray which I try on my wrists and it smells fabulous. Mom says i should put a little on my neck so that I can smell it all day, so I do.

Nick gives me a small parcel and, when I rip it open it is labelled ‘Waterproof Electric Razor for Women’. I’m puzzling over why Nick thinks I need one of those and look at him quizzically.

“For your legs.” He says and we both look at my legs which are covered with fine blonde downy hairs and that I’ve never shaved in my life. I look back up at him and he gives me an exaggerated wink which Mom and Dad completely miss, thank God. I feel my face burning as I finally realize what it is he thinks I might actually want to shave.

“Thanks Nick, that’s lovely.” I say through gritted teeth while glaring at him furiously.

“Thank you all so much. You’ve been very kind.” I say, genuinly touched but also trying to distract Dad who is staring at the razor with a confused look on his face.

“We’re not quite finished yet.” Mom says, getting up and reaching behind the couch. “This came in the post yesterday, I don’t know who it’s from.” She picks up a large parcel wrapped in brown paper and hands it to me.

I take the parcel and look over the outside to see if there are any clues as to who it’s from, but there’s nothing.

I rip open the brown paper and inside is another layer of pink wrapping paper but there’s still no indication who sent it.

I tear that open and realize quickly that and it’s loads of sets of underwear in plastic bags; still no card or anything.

“Ooo, they look nice,” Says mom. “Open some up.”

I open the first one that comes to hand and, when I hold the panties up, they are tiny, not the size, the material: the small triangle of red satiny fabric would barely cover my pussy. I pick up the matching bra, kind of knowing beforehand what I’m likely to find and, sure enough, the lacy bra has half cups that would leave the tops of my breasts completely uncovered.

“Try them on!” Nick almost shouts with glee, his face red with excitement. Dad is silent but he has a strange expression on his face: almost hungry.

“Don’t be silly Nick.” Mom admonishes him, but she is smiling as she says it. “Anyway it’s time you two were off to school.”

“What did you get for your birthday?” Asks Melanie, when I get to school.

“I got this necklace I tell them.” I tell them, pulling the chain out from under my collar.

“Well lets see it then.” Says Miranda, and I have to undo several buttons so that they can see the little bee.

My friends all admire it closely, which is a bit disconcerting having their faces so close to my chest.

Then Miranda comments on my perfume saying low lovely it smells as she sniffs at my neck.

“That was from my mom.” I tell them.

I wasn’t aware of it until then, but it turns out I have a very sensitive neck and, when they all insist on putting there faces close to, and sometimes touching it, I find that I am trembling faintly and I have a distinct tingling in my pussy.

That has never happened to me before outside the privacy of my own bed or shower and it shocks me intensely.

I laugh self-consciously, thinking crazily that they will be able to tell that I’m aroused, and pull away from them a bit.

When I get home from school Mom is there to meet me.

“Hi honey, I put all your new things away for you.” She says as I head on upstairs to get changed.

When I look in my underwear drawer I find that my old bras and panties are gone and only the new sets remain.

I am not happy and I set off to find Mom.

“Where are all my old bras and panties?” I ask her when I find her in the kitchen.

“Oh, I threw them away. They were old and ratty and your new ones are much nicer.”She says. I go the the bin to see if they are in there.

“You could have asked me first.” I complain. She sees me rummaging in the bin.

“They’re not in there,” She tells me. “I put them in the charity clothes bin.” I glare at her.

“Those new ones are very ... small.” I tell her.

“They are a bit smaller than your old ones, but they’re much prettier.” She says. “Have you looked through them all yet? Have you tried any of them on even?”

“No.” I say into my chest because, annoyingly, she has a point.

“Well then.” She replies as if that solves everything.

I go through them and there are ten pairs of panties and five bras. Some of the panties are even tinier than the ones I looked at earlier on, basically just thongs.

I try on a pair of the least slutty ones and look at myself in the mirror. I have to admit that my bottom does look lovely with half of each cheek bare, but the front, which does in fact cover my pussy, doesn’t cover all of my public hair.

It’s not that I have a huge bush or anything it’s just that it’s got a bit straggly of late.

Then I remember Nick’s present which Mom has put on my dresser. It is called the Tinge and I open the box and take it out. It feels very nice in my hand with expensive feeling plastic. It has a cap on the top covering a safety razor and when I press the button of the side it buzzes remarkably strongly in my hand.

I start to read through the instruction leaflet and I then feel my face burning: although it is a razor, it’s a vibrator as well!

I hurriedly put it back in it’s box, but just the idea of putting it in my pussy has made it tingle like mad.

I decide to try on the skimpiest of the thongs, just so I know what they feel like. The whole of my butt is revealed but it doesn’t feel as much like I’ve got a permanent wedgie as I’d feared.

I decide to keep wearing it while I tidy away my school clothes and make the bed that I didn’t have time to do this morning.

At the end of all that, the wedgieness is pretty much gone and the sensation of the soft strip up my crack rubbing against my asshole is kind of nice. Most of all though I feel almost naked and sexy in a way I never did with my old underwear.

I decide that if I should ever go out on a date I might consider wearing one of the thongs but for school I’ll stick to the merely skimpy other panties.

I then try on one of the half-cup bras. They really do show off my breasts very nicely, accentuating my cleavage and showing off the top half of my boobs.

It’s then that I realize that none of the lingerie sets are white, they will all show through my white school blouses and everyone will be able to see these sexy new bras.

The next morning I am getting changed and I can’t find any of my school skirts. I check the washing basket and there are none in there so I go to see Mom to find out what’s going on.

“I’m sorry honey, I don’t know where they are.” She tells me, after checking the ironing pile. “Have you got any of your old ones?” My old skirts are from when I was ten. They’ve got an elasticated waist so I could probably fit into them but I was a lot shorter back then.

“They’ll be too short Mom!” I tell her.

“You’ve got to wear something,” She tells me. “go and try one on.”

I stamp up the stairs and rummage around in a drawer until I find one. When I put it on, it is a bit tight but not too bad. When I look in the mirror though it barely reaches to the middle of my thighs.

If I bend about half way over I can see most of my legs and if I bend right over I can see the bottom half of my ass cheeks.

I go back down to see Mom.

“That’s fine,” She says firmly. “you look lovely actually. And that bra’s very pretty too by the way. Anyway you’re going to be late if you don’t go now, so I don’t see that you really have any choice.”

As I leave the house I am acutely aware that the lightest of breezes will lift up the skirt and display my nearly naked ass to the world, so I walk along with my hands by my sides ready to hold it down.

When I get to school I suddenly seem to be the centre of attention. I can see people nudging each other and looking in my direction.

To start with I feel like crying, but instead I decide that the better alternative is just to really own this new look. I put a smile on my face that I don’t really feel, and approach my group of friends.

“Fucking hell Sue. You look awesome.” Says Miranda. “I wish my parents would let me dress like that!”

“Actually...” I start to say, but stop myself. “never mind.”

“Aren’t you worried that people will be able to see up that skirt?” Alice asks me.

“Not really,” I lie. “It’s no more than they’d see on the beach is it?” Which I realize is nearly true and actually helps me to relax a bit.

In the end my choice of panties makes little difference. My ass soon eats the narrow strip of material between my cheeks and the constant feel of it brushing against my rosebud, along with the cool breezes caressing my now basically bare ass, keep me feeling slightly aroused for a lot of the day. It is very distracting but also quite nice.

During lunch break I am walking around a corner of the building and a gust of wind blows my skirt right up before I can catch it. I push it back down and look around to see who might have been watching. The only person looking my way is Juliette Martin who’s a couple of years above me. She smiles briefly in my direction before moving away, and I breathe a sigh of relief.

A bit later I’m in the girl’s toilet when Juliette comes in. She stands with her back to the door.

“That was a very pretty little pair of panties you flashed at me earlier. Very pretty and very little.” She says, smiling widely. “What make are they?”

“I don’t know,” I reply honestly. “there are no labels on them.”

“Could I get another look?” She asks me. I feel my face go bright red.

“You want me to show you my panties?” I ask her incredulously.

“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.” She replies laughing and pulls up her skirt. I can feel my jaw hanging open as I look at the tiny scrap of translucent white material covering her pussy. I can see that she has no hair down there and her slit is clearly visible. Almost as astonishing to me as her behaviour is the fact that my pussy is throbbing wildly as I continue to stare.

“Jesus,” She says. “You’re going to burn right through them looking at me like that.” She says, coy all of a sudden, and she drops her skirt down.

“Come on then.” She says to me, and for a minute I’m not sure what she means, my mind is so frazzled.

“Come on then what?” I ask her.

“Come on then let’s see those little panties of yours.” My mind is racing almost as fast as my heart. I grip the hem of my skirt and swallow hard a couple of times. Her eyes are glued to my crotch. My hands are trembling as I slowly raise it up until I see her eyes widen and I know she’s seen the front of my panties.

I am so turned on right now that I can feel wetness building inside my pussy.

Juliette walks slowly towards me, her eyes not leaving my groin for a single second, until she is about three feet away from me. I drop the hem of my skirt.

She leans forward slowly until her lips are nearly touching my ear and I can feel her breath on my neck.

“Firstly: You smell wonderful,” She whispers to me, inhaling the perfume I dabbed behind my ears this morning. “and secondly: if you’re going to make a habit of flashing your gorgeous little fanny around you might want to tidy up those pubes.” I squeal and run for the door, but not quickly enough to avoid the slap on my ass she gives me as I pass her.

I can still hear her laughter as I run away up the corridor.

Never, in all of my life, have I ever been turned on while I was at school, and now it’s happened twice in two days; I begin to wonder if that’s just what happens when you turn fourteen.

In the rest of the day I catch more people staring at me than I normally get in a whole week and I have to admit to myself that I kind of like it. The really nice thing is the number of people who spontaneously smile at me, suddenly the world seems a much happier place.

When I get home I bump into Mom.

“Hi sweety. Did you have a good day?” She asks me. I think about it for a few seconds.

“Different,” I reply. “Definitely different.”

“Different good or different bad?”

“Different ... good ... I think?” I reply uncertainly. She wraps her arms around me and hugs me to her, stroking my hair and shoulders softly.

“I’m glad, baby girl.” She whispers to me. My face is pressed against her chest and my lips are touching the bare top of her breast. Her tits feel lovely and soft against me and, as I nuzzle my face in deeper, my lips brush against them. I can’t resist kissing the warm flesh of her breast and, as I do, I am shocked to feel my pussy twitching with desire. I laugh nervously and wriggle free of her embrace.

Back in my room I throw myself onto the bed and wonder what the fuck is the matter with me. I almost never swear, not even in the confines of my own head, but getting turned on by my own mother had shaken me badly.

I am still there many minutes later, still on the brink of crying, when I feel a soft touch on my back and then the material of my skirt being pulled down over the cheeks of my ass.

I turn my head over my shoulder and see my dad looking down at me fondly.

I jump off the bed and throw my arms around his neck and hug him fiercely.

“There, there honey.” He says soothingly, stroking my back.

“Oh Daddy, everything’s so confusing.” I cry into is shoulder, loving the feel of his strong arms around me.

“What is it honey, what’s wrong with my best girl?” As I wriggle in his embrace to look up at his face I feel a hardness pressing against that secret place at the top of my pussy. I wonder briefly if it could be his keys, but then it twitches and I know that it’s his penis, his hard penis. I find myself pressing against him a little more firmly.

I stare up into his eyes and the look between us speaks volumes: He knows that I know, and I know that he knows.

He breaks first, and moves me out to arms length.

“Are you OK baby?” He asks me, all apparent concern. I know that the time is past when I am his baby and he’ll tuck me up in bed and read me a story.

“Yes,” I tell him with a small smile. “I was just being silly. I think I’ll take a bath.”

I pick up my robe and my new razor and head to the bathroom.

I run a bath and disrobe, all the while looking at the razor/vibrator and feeling my pussy pulsing and almost aching with longing for it.

I sit in the bath and wash my top and especially my breasts slowly and thoroughly, paying particular attention to my nipples which are as large and as erect as I’ve ever seen them.

Nearly at the end of my self control I sit on the edge of the bath and stare at my unruly pubic hair. It seems to be an important milestone in my life and I step over it happily.

I get the soap and raise a lather with my hands before smearing it liberally over my vulva. Just the sensation of doing that is nearly too much, and I have to swallow hard and steel myself before picking up the razor.

I take off the cap and tremble slightly at the sight of the blades within. The idea of getting them close to my most intimate and sensitive parts suddenly seems to be a bad one and I hesitate, but I desperately want to see my pussy looking clean and lovely like Juliette’s and I pluck up my courage.

I turn the razor on to it’s lowest setting and use my left hand to pull the skin of my vulva tight. As I touch the razor to my skin the vibrations are so nice I’m tempted to leave the shaving for now and go straight to the main course, but I deny myself for now, and carry on.

I work very carefully, always ending the strokes just before I reach my most delicate parts and only just manage to finish before the shaking of my hands gets too bad.

The throbbing and pulsating of my pussy is almost overwhelming after all the buzzing and the gentle touches and pressure of my own hands while I shaved, but the end result is looking nice.

I gasp as I splash water over it to clean off the last of the soap and I can wait no longer. I pick up the Tinge, put it’s cap back on, and push the buttons randomly until I get an amazing strong buzzing in my hand.

Then I dip it in the water before pushing it gently into the hole that has been crying out to be filled ever since it felt my dad’s hard cock pressing against it.

It’s feels absolutely incredible and I start shaking like a leaf as I push it further and further inside. It meets an expected obstruction and I wimp out of going further, knowing that it would likely hurt.

As I remove it a smell reaches my nostrils. I’ve caught a slight whiff of it before but never this strong, and I know that it’s the fragrance of my pussy in heat. I lift the Tinge to my nose and inhale deeply thinking that this is what a lover would smell if they were close to my pussy. The thought makes me shiver but I really like the smell and think that I wouldn’t be embarrassed at all for this hypothetical person to smell it too.

I touch it softly against the hood of my clit. It’s like an electric shock going through me, and I can only take it for a few seconds before I have to take it away.

After a series of astonishingly exquisite dabs I am very close to cumming and I place it back at the entrance of my vagina which is feeling achingly empty again.

As soon as I push it inside my orgasm hits me like an earthquake and my whole body shakes and quivers. My rubbery legs lose their footing and, as I slip into the bath, the vibrator is jammed right up my into my pussy.

There is an incredible mixture of pain and pleasure as it splits my hymen but fills my vagina beautifully and I writhe in the bath as my first ever orgasm goes on and on.

By the time I recover the pain has gone and the only sign of my lost maidenhood is a faint pink tinge to the bathwater.

After rinsing with the shower head and drying off, I admire my pussy in the mirror.

I think it looks beautiful, just like when I was a little girl all pink and soft and smooth. I run my fingers over it and strangely wish that Juliette could be here to see it. The idea of her looking at my naked pussy threatens to get me going all over again and I put on my robe and pick up the Tinge.

As I open the bathroom door I see Nick who is suspiciously close by and, seeing his gift in my hand, he smiles wickedly.

“Did you try it?” He asks me, a look of desperate curiosity on his face.

I am framing some withering reply when my hands pull open my robe and I show him the results of my handiwork.

I try to justify it to myself later as a thank you for what I suspect was an expensive present, which has given me so much pleasure, but I know inside that it was just a deep desire to show him how pretty it now looked.

I watch his Adam’s Apple bob as he gulps manically and then, as if it’s some kind of unspoken tit for tat, he lowers his shorts and underwear and proudly displays his fully erect penis.

I lick my lips and feel myself salivating as I stare at it bobbing and twitching in an incredibly cute way.

He has very little pubic hair and his balls look so darling. I imagine how they would feel in my hand and my pussy starts to clench all over again and now I’m imagining how a throbbing penis would feel inside it.

“Are you two coming down for your dinner?” I hear Mom shout from downstairs, and hurriedly we cover ourselves up.

“But did you try it?” He whispers urgently, as I go to pass him.

“It was lovely, thank you Nick.” I breathe into his ear and kiss him lightly on the cheek. His mouth drops open and I giggle to myself as I head to my room.

The next morning is Saturday and, as I dress, I pick out a thong and matching bra, and slip them on. I look at the jeans that I normally wear around the house and frown.

I think through what now seems to be the meagre selection of clothes that I own, trying to think of something that I want to wear. The only thing that comes to mind is a white skirt that I wore when I tried playing tennis briefly about a year ago.

I fish it out and try it on, looking at myself in the mirror. It is even shorter than my now new school skirt. Perfect. I match it with a thin pale lemon blouse which I button up so that my pretty bee necklace is visible between my breasts.

Happy with my attire I wonder what the third day of my fourteenth year will have in store for me.

