Aspen's Story: The Little Sapling, Part 1 by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: Mg9, MMMMg, oral, first, anal, grooming, DP

Summary: Aspen, a nine year old little sapling of a girl, learns all about sex from her neighbor and his friends.
This is the introduction and first chapter of a multi-chapter saga. The story codes listed above apply to all the chapters, not specifically to the ones contained in this post.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Introduction
A Trip to the Mall with Mama


"Here, try these on," Aspen's mother said to her, handing her a pair of denim "short shorts" that she had just altered to make them even shorter. Aspen's mom was very handy with a needle.

Nine year old Aspen pulled the cut-offs on, then turned to look at her butt in the mirror. "They're really short!" she said, giggling. "You can totally see my butt cheeks!"

"Yes," her mother said, looking critically at her work in the mirror. "But now you can see your panties, too," she added with a sound of disappointment. Her seamstress skills were letting her down on this one.

"Yeah," the young girl said, craning her neck to get a better look at her butt in the mirror. "I suppose I shouldn't show my panties."

"No, probably not."

"I could take them off," Aspen suggested. "I don't need to wear panties, right?"

"True, " her mom said. "That's a good idea." It hadn't actually occurred to her mom that the simple solution to the problem was that Aspen could just take her panties off. She liked that idea!

Ever since Aspen was a little girl, she always liked dressing "sexy." Not that a five year old really knows what "sexy" means, but Aspen seemed to have a knack for it, always picking out the tiniest bikinis and little halter tops when they went shopping for new clothes. Her mom always laughs at the ladies who complain about the little outfits their daughters like to wear. That never made any sense to her. If a girl wants to show off her body, a mom ought to encourage her to do it. Why not? A girl should to be able to have some fun! And, since pretty much everything they could find wasn't sexy enough for Aspen, her mom had taken to using her sewing skills to make "improvements" to the clothes they buy. That's why she'd shortened these denim shorts--because Aspen didn't think they showed off enough of her butt.

So Aspen pulled the little shorts back off. They were so tight on her skinny bottom that she practically had to peel them off. Then she took off her panties and pulled the shorts back on. This time, when she looked at her butt in the mirror, she grinned.

"There!' she said triumphantly. "They're so short, you can see half my butt cheeks!" Her mom nodded in agreement. Mission accomplished!

Aspen really liked how the shorts looked on her. Her mom had cut them so short that all there was in the middle was a little strip of fabric, just the seam that held the two parts together, and nothing else. If she pulled the shorts up a little more, she figured she could see even more of her butt, so she pulled them up some more and watched in the mirror as the little strip of fabric in the middle disappeared into her crack. She smiled. That looks really hot!

Then she turned around to look at the front, and she saw that when she'd hiked the shorts up, the little strip of fabric in the middle had pulled up into her pussy slit, too. She could see her pale little nine year old pussy lips on either side of the seam. That is really hot! She hoped her mom would be okay with that, or at least that she wouldn't notice. If she did notice, she didn't say anything about it.

"What shirt should I wear, Mama?" she asked, still looking at herself in the mirror.

Her mom picked up a tanktop. "How about this?"

But the shirt was way too big for Aspen and it hung down so low that it covered the shorts. "It's too big!" she protested, and pulled it off again. The last thing Aspen wanted to do was to hide the shorts.

"I can take care of that!" her mom said, laughing, and she took the shirt from her daughter and picked up some scissors. Very quickly and deftly, she cut off most of the shirt, just below the arm holes. She handed it back to Aspen. "There you go!"

The nine year old slipped the shirt back on and looked in the mirror. "It's perfect!"

Her mom grinned and nodded, looking at the reflection of her daughter. She'd cut the tank-top high enough that the jagged bottom of the shirt was above Aspen's sternum, her skinny rib cage expanding and contracting quite obviously below the shirt. Her mom was bit surprised, and pleased, that the shirt was cut just low enough that you couldn't see the girl's nipples. This was exactly the effect she was looking for. Men will be staring, hoping for a glimpse, even just a little peek, at the nine year old's flat chest and little pink nipples. In fact, if Aspen were to lift her arms, even just a bit, they'd get exactly the treat that they were hoping for. She had a feeling that Aspen would be lifting her arms a lot today.

The neck of the cut-off tanktop was was too wide for Aspen, and the shoulder straps hung right on the edge of her narrow shoulders, right on the verge of slipping off. And the armholes were oversized on the little girl, too, showing the sides of her rib cage, half-way down her torso, and offering any anxiously staring men another opportunity for a nipple-peek.

"I love my new outfit, Mama!" Aspen said, smiling as she looked at herself in the mirror.

"So do I!"

"Can we go to the mall now?" Aspen asked her mom.

"Yes, let's!"

Aspen's mom loved how her daughter turned all the men's heads as they walked around the mall. Mostly, the men would just look briefly, hoping for a glimpse of her nipples or a quick peek at her pussy lips. They couldn't stare too long, or their wives might notice, and even if the men were alone, they'd see she was with her mother and quickly look away. Because her mom would rather that the men not look away so quickly, she sometimes walked a few steps back, so it wasn't obvious that she was with the girl. Then the men could stare and stare, and they did. All of them stared, even the ones with their wives and children. They just couldn't help it. Some of the men were braver than others, and bolder; they looked around to make sure that Aspen really was alone. Her mom made sure to look away when these men were doing this, to pretend that she wasn't paying any attention. And then, once they decided that Aspen was alone and no one was paying attention, the men would go up to Aspen and talk to her, their eyes all over her whole body. One man, an older gentleman who looked like he might be Aspen's grandfather, offered to buy her cotton candy, and of course Aspen said yes, and then they walked around the food court together, Aspen licking the candy from her sticky fingers. The man touched her, a lot, as discreetly as he possibly could, putting his hand on the bare skin of her lower back or on the nape of her neck.

"What's your name, little one?" the man asked her, as he gently rubbed her neck.

"Aspen!" she said.

"What a pretty name," the man answered. "And you are like a little sapling, aren't you?"

Aspen giggled. "What's a sapling?" she asked.

"It's a young tree, just starting to grow."

"Oh," Aspen said. "Yes, I guess I am a little sapling then!"

Aspen's mother wondered just how far this older gentleman wanted to go with her little daughter, and just how far she would be willing to go with him. But the poor man was apparently at the mall with his wife, because right in the middle of this adorable conversation, someone texted him, and he had to say goodbye to Aspen. She heard her daughter giggle when he asked for her phone number and she told him that she's only nine and nine year olds don't have phones! Then he asked her when she was coming to the mall again, and could they meet then?

"I'll buy you more cotton candy," he said, "or anything you want, anything at all." Aspen agreed that they could meet again, but he kept pressing for specifics. "Tomorrow? At One? Will you be here then? I'll buy you anything you want."

"I'll try," Aspen said.

"Promise me you'll be here." The man was very persistent.

Aspen, her mother knew, was a bit naive. She'd taught her daughter about the "birds and the bees," but there's no way to teach a kid to be less trusting, and really, who wants to teach their kid to distrust people? But as a result, Aspen would be the perfect girl to lure into your car with promises of candy. It's not that she was dumb, not in the least. She had at least a vague idea what a man's intentions are. But between her own curiosity and her desire to please, a man could probably do anything he wanted with her. And it really wouldn't require that you buy her something in exchange; Aspen wouldn't do it for the candy. But, her mother knew, men always view sex as transactional, and no doubt this man takes prurient pleasure in the thought that Aspen will do whatever he asks in exchange for something as simple as cotton candy.

So, as much as her mother enjoyed watching her daughter play this little game with the men at the mall, and in particular with this particular man--this persistent man who was so thoroughly enraptured with her daughter--she felt the need to intervene before Aspen made the man a promise that she was likely to insist on keeping. Aspen always did the things that she promised she would do.

The man looked shocked, surprised, when her mother walked up and took Aspen by the hand, even though she made a point of giving him a pleasant smile. He didn't seem to notice the smile, though; he was already scurrying away to disappear as quickly as he could into the crowd. If Aspen was at all disappointed by her mom's interruption, she didn't make it obvious. She just bubbled for a bit about what a nice man he was--"He bought me cotton candy! He says I'm a 'little sapling!'"--as they walked together to their car.
Chapter One
Aspen's Friend Across the Street


When Aspen and her mother got home from their trip to the mall, their neighbor, John, was working in his front yard. He saw them pull up to their house and he waved and started jogging across the street to greet them. John lived in the house right across from them, and both Aspen and her mom really liked him because he was always friendly and he always helped them with anything they needed.

"Hello, ladies," he announced as he arrived in their driveway and they got out of their car. Aspen gave him a wave, which, her mother noticed, did exactly what she'd expected would happen, and surely what John was hoping would happen, too: as the girl lifted her arm to give him a wave, one side of the crop-top shirt lifted up above a pale little nipple. And John stared right at it. Actually, unlike the men at the mall, John never hesitated to stare at the nine year old girl, even when her mom was standing right there next to her. John may have been a favorite of Aspen and her mom, but they both knew that they were favorites of his, too. Or at least Aspen was.

Without missing a beat, even though he was staring right at Aspen's exposed nipple the entire time, he offered,

"I'm super hot from all this yardwork, and I'm thinking of taking a swim in my pool. Would you fine ladies care to join me?"

Aspen giggled at being called a "fine lady." John like to say funny things like that.

"Can we Mama?" the young girl begged. "Please??"

"I'm afraid I'm too busy this afternoon," her mama answered. "Maybe next time?"

John, still staring at Aspen even though she'd put her arm back down and, as a result, her nipple was disappointingly covered again, had his reply at the ready. "Aspen can join me, all by herself." He gave the girl his friendly, neighborly smile. "You're old enough to do that now, aren't you, Aspen?"

"Yes! Mama, I am!" Aspen agreed most enthusiastically. "I don't need you along! Besides, John will be there the entire time, right, John?"

Her neighbor nodded. "Yes, the entire time."

"Okay," her mother smiled, "but make sure you put on some sunblock." She gave her daughter a concerned motherly look. "I don't want you to get burned in this sun."

"I have plenty of lotion," John answered. "I'll make sure she has some on."

Yes, her mother thought to herself, I'm sure you will.

Aspen, for her part, responded to all of this by excitedly declaring, "Ima put on my swimming suit!" even as she was already running into her house, her half-naked butt bouncing for John's enjoyment. And he certainly did enjoy it, unabashedly, her mother noted.

Once she got in the house, Aspen dashed up the stairs to her bedroom and stripped out of her clothes (which wasn't very hard, since all she had on were the little crop-top shirt and the super short shorts) and picked out a really cute swimming suit, a little pink bikini with a top that tied at the back and bottoms that tied at the hips. She pulled the little scraps of fabric on and tied the knots just as quickly as she could.

John and Aspen's mother both smiled when the girl came running back out of the house in her little pink bikini. Aspen stopped when she got to the grownups and stood with one bare foot over the other.

"Should we go swimming now?" John asked her.

"Yes!" she said, unable to contain her excitement, but then remembered she's supposed to be polite. "Yes, please."

When John turned to walk back across the street, Aspen took his hand and skipped along beside him. "Don't forget the sunblock!" her mom called after them, although she was pretty sure that John wasn't going to forget.

"We won't," the skipping nine year old said, looking back over her shoulder and adding, "Mama!"

When they got across the street, still holding hands, John led Aspen to the front door of his house, rather than to the backyard where his pool was. "I always keep the fence door locked from the inside," he told her, "so we have to get back there through the house."

Aspen nodded, understanding, and followed him into his house. And when he started walking up the stairs, she just followed him without even thinking about it, as kids will do, and the next thing she knew, they were in his bedroom. Maybe John didn't realize she was there, although that doesn't seem likely since he was facing right at her, but whatever the explanation, while Aspen stood in front of him, smiling with excitement because she knew that they would soon be swimming, he dropped his pants and underwear and pulled his shirt off.

Aspen had never seen a grownup man naked before, and she couldn't help but stare. His penis was so big! It was reddish, and hairy, and sticking out from his body. She was fascinated by it. He turned around to get his swimming trunks out of a drawer, and then turned back around to face her. Now she was sure that he knew she was there, and she was surprised that he would just be naked like that, right in front of her. But he didn't seem to think it was a big deal. He pulled on his swimming suit like nothing had happened at all. Even once he got his trunks on, she could still see that his penis was kind of sticking up inside of them, and that's when she realized that he must have an erection. She knew about erections, her mom had told her about them, but she didn't really understand what it would look like or why John would have one right then. Her mom said that guys get erections when they're "turned on."

Aspen blushed and got very warm when she realized that her neighbor had an erection because he must be "turned on" right now.

Then John took her hand and led her out of his room and to the bathroom, where he grabbed a couple of towels and some sun block, and then he led her downstairs and out to his back yard.

He laid the towels on the grass near the pool and told her to lie down on her stomach so that he could put the lotion on her. And then he started rubbing the lotion on. He was very careful to make sure that he applied the lotion to every bit of exposed skin, and Aspen had a lot of exposed skin! She might be just a little girl, but with this tiny bikini, it was still a lot of skin he had to cover if he was going to get it all! He started with her toes, and rubbed all the way up her legs. He spent a lot of time rubbing lotion on her butt and between her legs before he rubbed it on her arms and her back. Then he had her turn over and he rubbed it on her front. He started at the top this time, rubbing it on her forehead and her cheeks and her nose, which made the nine year old giggle, and then he spent a lot of time rubbing it onto her chest and her belly, and even more time rubbing between her legs again. It felt really nice for little Aspen, having him touch her and rub her like this.

But eventually he was done, and he stood up and helped the little girl to her feet, and they climbed into the pool.

Aspen always loved swimming with her neighbor. He loved to play with her in the water and especially he loved to toss her into the air. He would go behind her and sink down into the water, and she would squat a little and he would put his hands on her butt and spring up, heaving her out of the water and into the air. She loved it so much! She would squeal and laugh and she wanted him to do it over and over, and he always did.

They played together like this for a really long time, until eventually John got out of the pool and lay down on his towel. He propped himself up on his elbows and watched little Aspen play by herself for a while, until she climbed out, too.

"I need to apply some more lotion," John said to her.

Aspen liked that idea, because she really liked it when he rubbed the lotion on her the first time. So she lay down on her stomach on her towel, and John ran his hands all over her bare skin again, rubbing in the lotion, and she turned over to her front side, and he ran his hands all over her some more.

Much later, after they lay in the sun for a long time, they got back into the pool and played "toss" some more. While they played, John told Aspen that she could use his pool whenever she wants.

"It's okay if your mom doesn't come with you," he told her. "I can watch over you and help you with your lotion, if she's not here."

Aspen was glad that he told her that her mom doesn't need to be there. She liked her mom, lots, but playing in the pool with John was way more fun when her mom wasn't there, and she liked it way better when he put lotion on her. So she told him that she'd come back as soon as she could.

"I'll come back," she said, "and I won't bring Mama."

"Good!" John said. "Now, one more toss, and then it's time to go."

This time, when John ducked underwater and put his hands on her butt, he didn't spring up right away. He stayed underwater and squeezed her butt. It made Aspen giggle, feeling him squeeze her butt. And then he jumped up out of the water and tossed her into the air, higher than he had ever tossed her before.



Aspen went over to John's to play in the pool again the very next day. She had to wear a different bikini this time, because the pink one was in the wash. She didn't like this one as much. It was a pretty yellow with colorful polka dots, and she liked that, but it covered her skin up a lot more than the other one, and she didn't like that.

John asked her why she didn't wear the pink one.

"It's in the wash," she told him.

"That's too bad," he said. "I like the pink one better."

"Me, too," Aspen said. "The pink one is littler." She giggled.

"Yeah," John agreed. "And I like how it ties on."

"I'll wear the pink one next time!" Aspen promised.

Then it was time for John to put the lotion on her again, so she lay down on her stomach on her towel. Just like he did the day before, he started with her toes and worked his hands up her legs. But this time, when he got to her butt, there wasn't any skin for him to put lotion on, because the bikini covered her whole bottom. But that didn't stop him. He squeezed some more lotion onto his hands and rubbed them together, and then he slipped his hands up under her suit and onto her butt.

Aspen giggled and looked back at him. "I don't need lotion there!" she said.

"I just want to make sure," he said back, laughing with her. "You might get a sunburn through your swimming suit, too."

"Really?" she said, looking doubtfully back at him.

"Yep!" he said, but then added, "Maybe. I just want to be careful. If you get a sunburn, your mom won't let you come over to play in the pool anymore."

"That's true!" she said.

"And we don't want that to happen!"

Aspen lay her head back down on her hands on the towel, and John rubbed the bare skin of her bottom under her swimming suit a little longer, and then he took his hands out and started rubbing lotion on her back. When his hands got to the back of her bikini top, he slipped his fingers under it and rubbed lotion there, and then slid his fingers down her sides, under the top. Then he finished her upper back, and her arms, and told her to turn over.

He started with her nose and cheeks again this time, then her neck, and her chest. But when he got to the front of her bikini top, he sat up and spread more lotion on his hands, then reached down and slid his fingers up underneath the top. It tickled Aspen, when her neighbor's slippery fingers rubbed her nipples.

Then he squirted some lotion on her belly and rubbed it in. When his hands got down to her the waistband of her bikini bottoms, he pushed his fingers down underneath the fabric and rubbed the lotion on her bare skin there.

When he finished rubbing all the lotion on her, he stood up, and she could see that he had a erection under his swimming suit.

They played together in the pool for long time after that, and he tossed her a lot, and Aspen forgot all about how he had touched her under her swimming suit, because she was having so much fun in the pool with him.



The next time Aspen went over to his house, she made sure to remember to wear John's favorite little pink swimming suit.

Even though the suit was so small that a lot of her butt was exposed, John still slipped his fingers underneath the bottoms and rubbed lotion all over her whole butt. This time, he spent a lot of time rubbing lotion on her butt. And after that, when he finished her back and she turned over, he put his fingers under her top again. It made Aspen giggle, because it tickled when he rubbed her nipples. But she also giggled because she was feeling a little flustered. She was pretty sure she wasn't actually going to get a sunburn under her bikini. She was pretty sure that John was just saying that because he wanted to touch her. It made her feel nervous to have a man touch her like he was, but she didn't want to tell him to stop, because she liked him, and if he wanted to touch her, that was okay, right? And besides, it felt nice. She liked the way it tickled.

After he'd spent a lot of time rubbing lotion on her nipples, he moved his hands down, rubbing her belly, and then slipped them underneath the front of her bottoms. He rubbed around for a little bit, but then he pushed his hands in further.

Aspen knew what neighbor was going to do. She could tell that he wanted to touch her pussy, and that made her nervous.

"Oh, man," she said in a tembling whisper.

"I just want to make sure you don't get a sunburn," he said, and he pushed his fingers all the way down until they were on her pussy.

"Oh, man," Aspen whispered again, as she felt her neighbor's fingers sliding over her little lips.

"Shh..." he said gently. "It's okay. You don't mind if I touch you a little, do you? We're friends, right?"

Aspen bit her lower lip, and nodded. It's true, they are friends. Sometimes Aspen played games with her friends, with the boys, and they would touch her. So isn't it okay if John does that, too? John was right, it is okay. They are friends. He just wants to touch her, and that's okay.

So nine year old Aspen lay there and let her neighbor slide his slippery fingers all over her pussy.



That night, when Aspen lay in bed before she went to sleep, she thought about how John had touched her, and she slipped her hand under her panties and pretended that it was his fingers. It made the little sapling Aspen feel really good to pretend that her neighbor was rubbing her little pussy again. 


[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
