Cam has an overnight bag in the back seat of his car and a smile on his face as he pulls into the parking lot of Sol's Diner. It's about as busy as he'd expect to see on a Friday afternoon - which is to say, not very busy at all.

Betty's at the counter when Cam walks up. She gives him an up and down look that has Cam fidgeting before he gets it together and reminds himself that he's a colonel in the United States Air Force, and Betty should not scare him. "Hey, Vala around?"

Betty runs the nail file over her nails once more and continues to give him a look, raised eyebrow and all. "She's upstairs," she says finally. "Finishing packing probably." Betty isn't too happy about Vala taking off the weekend. While she knows the girl needs some time away just like they all do, did it really need to be over the weekend?

"Oh, go on and go. I know you know where her place is. I've seen you stumbling down there often enough." She shoos her hands at Cam, pushing him on.

Cam risks life and limb by grinning and saying, "We'll bring you back a souvenir."

He takes the steps two at a time up to Vala's door, knocking twice in a cursory way before pushing it open.

Vala is in her room, sitting on top of a bag as she tries to zip it closed. Its about two seconds away from bursting out and throwing all of her belongings across the room.

“You really need that much for a weekend?" Cam walks over to her and puts his palms flat on the suitcase, forcing it shut with his weight. The zipper strains but holds once she yanks it closed.

He leans over and kisses her cheek as a hello.

"Trust me, you want me to have all of this." She moves to sit on the suitcase and kisses him hello back. "Everything in here is absolutely vital and essential to my living and wellbeing.

"Uh huh. I'm sure." Cam has his doubts. He reaches out and picks up her hand absently, playing with it. "You about ready to go?I think Betty was about to mutiny on me when I walked in the door... they really can't run this place without you, can they?"

"Its doubtful," Vala agrees, taking Cam's hand to stand. "We'll find out if we come back and its a charred hunk of concrete." She shrugs and leaves Cam to grab her suitcase as she grabs a few water bottles for them out of the fridge. "How long til we get to the place where we're going again?"

"I found us a place in Boulder... it's a couple hours north of here. We can stay there tonight and figure out what we want to do tomorrow when we wake up," Cam says. It's not much of a plan but most of his attention has been put toward what they'll be doing in the room, not out of it.

"Ooh," Vala bounces and moves alongside him. "I like how this sounds. Is it a nice place? Can get us some nice room service late at night?"

"Uh," he laughs, not entirely sure if she's serious or not. "We'll just see how much of an appetite we work up... I was thinking something nice for dinner, though."

Vala's eyebrows raise and she smiles sweetly. "I like the sound of that." She tucks her arm around his waist and smiles up at him. "Shouldn't we leave now?"

"I think we should," Cam says, and grabs her suitcase. He takes a lurching step forward and his eyes widen. "I don't think I even want to know what's in here."

He gets a better grip on it and navigates it downstairs. Betty is leaning against the wall in the kitchen. Cam gives her a big smile.

"Nothing! Everything that is essential to my living is in there. Promise, just essentials." She nods and follows Cam down the stairs and towards his car. She wiggles her fingers at Betty in a goodbye wave as she passes by the older woman.

"Yeah, yeah. You better come back here in one piece missy! You hear me?" Vala just laughs happily and rushes out the door and to Cam's car.

Cam digs the keys out of his pocket and pops open the trunk so he can drop her suitcase in. "Sure you don't want to postpone? Go back inside and find that apron? You won't miss it too much?"

He's teasing her, reaching around her to open the car door so she can step inside.

Vala shakes her head and wraps her arms around Cam's neck. She reels him in close enough to kiss him, her back leg popping out behind her.

"Oh no. I think I'm good with this. Lets go," she breathes.

He gives her a long, slow kiss. "I'm relieved to hear that. Be awful sad to be going on this trip by myself..."

"Mm, wouldn't be anywhere near as awesome as with me," she agrees with him. She presses another quick kiss to his lips, brief and chaste. "We should probably leave now..." With a suffering sigh she releases him and slips into the passenger seat.

He's smiling to himself as he steps around to the driver's side. By the time he starts up the car, she's already studying his ipod.

She turns the device over in her hands, trying to figure out what it is. It's slim and a bit weighty; her fingers slide over the screen and the device seems to jump to life. Her eyes widen and she looks back down at the device as it obeys the simple touch and press of her fingers on the screen. She didn't know Taur'i technology had gotten so advanced.

"Go ahead and pick out whatever you want," he says, finding the cable that connects it to his stereo system and handing it over to her. "I think I remembered to charge it."

Vala flickers her eyes to Cam's face and then back down. She isn't sure what he means by pick out whatever she wants but she tries to figure it out. She jumps a bit in her seat when an inadvertent stray finger makes AC/DC blast through the speakers around them.

"Classic rock, can't go wrong with that." Cam grins approvingly at her choice. "What else do you like?"

He realizes that in the time they've been together most of their time has spent in... well, nonverbal situations, and as stupidly corny as it sounds he wants to know more about her.

Vala pauses to take a listen, the small device obviously controls Cam's stereo system in his car. She nods slowly and smiles. "It's not bad," she agrees, moving her head in time to the beat.

He hums along with the music as he hits the highway. "Have you already eaten? I figured we could check into the hotel then find somewhere for dinner..."

She shakes her head. "Not really. I can get diner food whenever I want it and well, sometimes you don't want it." She sighs and looks out the window at the passing scenery. "Looks like you're going to be taking me on another date."

"You make it sound like that isn't something I'm looking forward to..." He looks over at her and smiles when he sees her looking out the window.

She looks back at Cam and smiles wider. "Well, I'm certainly looking forward to it. Where you planning on taking me?" She flutters her eyelashes at him and beams.

"Now, should I tell you, or should I keep it a surprise?" He teases her. "I hope you like Italian, though."

"Ooh, Italian!" She bounces and puts her feet up on the dash. "I like pasta! Pasta and pizza. Yum." She looks back down at the device in her hand and begins to play with it again. It takes her a few minutes but she quickly picks up how it works. She moves her finger across the screen and begins looking through Cam's music, not sure what anything really is but choosing things at random based on interesting names.

"Ooh, what is this?"

He's relieved to hear that she's a fan of Italian food. He has reservations for them just past eight, leaving them plenty of time to get to Boulder and see the hotel room before they need to be there.

"What's what?" He glances over to see what she's doing.

“Uh, something called I Touch Myself?" Vala reads, looking over at him with a devilish grin. "What's this?" She taps the screen, music beginning to fill the car.

"Oh, God," Cam groans. "That shouldn't even be on there. I don't know why that's on there. Someone must have snuck onto my ipod and played a cruel, awful prank- okay, we're turning that off."

He reaches over and tries to grab it from her.

Nooo! I want to see what else is on here!" She pulls the iPod away from Cam and huddles on the side of the car.

"Just turn that song off," he pleads, though he's laughing as he says it. "Anything but that one... oh, thank god. That's better, some Zeppelin."

"Hmm," Vala continues to look through the iPod, clicking on random things. "It's not too bad... Hey how long is our drive?"

"About an hour and fifteen minutes," he says. "As long as we don't hit traffic."

"Mm, sounds good." She snuggles back into the comfortable leather seat behind her. "This is nice," she says happily, smiling over at him. "Thank you. I haven't had a day off ... since I started at Sol's Diner."

"How long ago was that?" Cam asks, surprised to hear it.

"Not sure. Couple months ago at least." Vala shrugs, its not like she really has anything else to do around here. She needs to fix her cargo ship but she also needs to make sure the Lucian Alliance isn't right out there waiting for her.

"Really?" Cam is definitely surprised to hear that. "Why'd you pick Colorado to move to? And... where did you say you were before this, anyway?"

He can't remember if she's told him before or not.

"Oh, came from Texas," Vala replies offhandedly. "I just wanted to get out and away, picked a direction and just drove towards it. Ended up in Colorado." It isn't close to the truth but then the truth is hardly something she could tell him. She sighs softly, it would be nice to be able to confide in someone but as much as she likes Cam she still isn't sure telling him she's from a different planet and traveled to Earth in her broke down ship.

He catches that sigh, but doesn't understand it. "What's wrong?"

She shakes her head slightly. "Its nothing, just heavy thoughts on my mind." She smiles over at him, forcing the thoughts from her mind. "Where did you come from? You haven't always been here in Colorado, right?"

“Last place I was stationed was Antarctica before this," Cam says, skipping over the year he spent in recovery, in hospitals and staying with his parents. "I'm liking the weather better here, at least."

"Antartica... Why isn't that--Was that where you had your accident?" Vala asks quietly, her eyes flickering briefly over to his leg.

Yeah," he says, keeping his voice light. It's not like it gives him traumatic flashbacks just to talk about it, so he's fine with that.... but it hasn't really been that long, and not many people even know to ask. According to most of the military and most of the world, nothing happened over Antarctica of any real importance.

Vala reaches out and takes Cam's loose hand in hers and squeezes it. She gives him smile when he looks at her, wanting to say something to him about that but not knowing what words to say.

"I might not be fit for flight duty any more, but I'm finding a silver lining or two about this new assignment..." Cam says, responding as much to the look on her face as anything else. "Could have used you when it was thirty below to keep me warm at night, though."

“Silver lining, huh?" She perks up at that, figuring what he might mean. "And don't look at me. I doubt I'd be enough to keep you warm at that temperature. You're better off snuggling with a polar bear!"

He laughs. "I was on a military base, so we weren't freezing. Still would have preferred sleeping next to someone like you instead of in the barracks, though... I didn't make lieutenant colonel until after the accident."

"I am far preferable to a room full of men," Vala agrees. She shoots him a teasing grin but squeezes his hand again for him to continue. "Yeah? They promoted you for bravery, right?"

"Or I just got my ass whooped bad enough that they felt sorry for me..." He downplays it, shrugging. "Either way, they won't let me in the cockpit of a plane anymore."

Space ships, apparently, are totally okay though. He’s trying to talk Teal’c into letting him fly one of those Al’kesh beauties...

"Really? At all?" Vala frowns and decides then that she's going to teach Cam how to fly her space ship. If he likes cars and planes and things that go fast, she's sure he's going to love her cargo ship.

"On to bigger and better things as far as the USAF is concerned," Cam says, trying to explain that while a promotion means he can't fly anymore it isn't a punishment in the eyes of his superiors. Of course, he can't tell her that he also gets to lead the flagship team of explorers on other worlds, so it sounds a bit less impressive than it really is.

"Yeah but to go from flying to staring at telescopes..." Vala shakes her head sadly. "I know how much you enjoy going fast in this thing, I can only imagine how much you enjoyed going fast in those. I'm sure its hard to be moved to something like this, even if it is better."

"It's... a change of pace," he agrees. "What about you? What else have you done besides waitressing? Anything you wish you could get back to?"

"Well, I do enjoy my thieving and smuggling ring," she teases. He only thinks its a joke but there are certainly days Vala misses the traveling and seeing so many new places and so many new and shiny things.

Cam laughs. "I think you'd make a pretty good thief... hell, smile at me just right and I'd probably hand over my wallet."

Vala chuckles and looks at Cam and beams at him, giving him the biggest smile she knows how.

“You don't want my wallet yet," he points out. "Because then you'll have to pay for the hotel room and dinner..."

She laughs and relents. "Alright, though you do not have to pay for everything." She smiled gently at him.

"I want to," he says. "Allow me some chivalry. You just said you haven't had a whole day off in at least three months... this weekend, you get to relax."

Vala melts a bit inside at that and fell quiet for a moment. "Thank you," she whispers softly.

He's not used to silence as a response from Vala, so he takes his eyes off the road again briefly to check and make sure that he hasn't said something wrong. He can tell right away that isn't the case and it makes him happy.

"Saving my days off to have them like this with you? Definitely worth it,” Vala says.

"Well, now that I know you don't take them I'm gonna make you," he says, a warning and a promise. "Chances are my job is gonna have me traveling a lot in the next few months, so when I'm here... I want to spend time with you, Vala. As much as I can."

"More traveling?" She says quietly with a sigh. "Where they sending you Cam?"

"I can't say," he admits, realizing that he won't be able to sidestep the questions forever. "It's classified."

"Were they send you to work on telescopes is classified?" Vala asks, not expecting him to answer. She's figured out for herself that whatever it is Cam does inside the mountains its not deep space radar telemetry. "Cam..." She says, giving him a look.

He gives her a helpless shrug, frustrated with this. He wonders how everyone else at the SGC has done it for a decade, how they've kept it from the people that they're close to. "It's classified. I wish I could say more, but... I can't."

ala sighs and looks out the window. Other than just the fact that she wants to know is that this is Cam and she wants to know as much about him as she can. She's disappointed when both attempts are thwarted by Cam's innate sense of loyalty to his military and chosen career. Of course, she can't really blame him, she's just frustrated.

Reaching across the car she picks up Cam's hand and squeezes it tight as she continues to watch the changing scenery outside.

He lets the conversation lapse, since there isn't much else he can offer her. The grip that she has on his hand is reassuring though, letting him know that she's not angry with him.

He's surprised to find that they're already close to Boulder. Conversation has made the time pass quickly and traffic has been light. He has her read him the directions to the hotel from the GPS device, and before long they're pulling up in front of it.

"Ooh, this is swanky," Vala approves, her eyes roaming over the front of the hotel. "I like it!"

"I thought you might." He grins to himself as he walks around to get their bags out of the trunk, before handing over the keys. Vala's walking off, looking around, investigating things.

"Already know my style, hm?" She teases, grinning up at him.

"Okay, maybe it was a good guess," he laughs, pulling her bag behind him with his own slung over his shoulder.

At the front desk, it doesn't take long to check in and then they're walking toward the elevator to find their room.

“A very good guess," Vala agrees, taking the key from the receptionist and following Cam to the elevators. The inside of the hotel is nice: a large open central foyer with wood paneling and nice chandeliers. Vala figures a place like this has to have quite a few good souvenirs.

"So, what floor are we on?" Vala asks him as she looks at the panel of buttons in the elevator.

“Three," he says, looking at the pocket that their room key is in. He hands it over to Vala, who happily takes it.

This hotel is a little nicer than the ones the USAF has put Cam up in recently. It's actually a little nicer than Cam had thought looking at the website as he booked the room, but that makes him happy.

Vala looks around in the elevator as they ride up. It has gold floors and windows on the back enabling her to look out at the hotel complex. It is really nice.

The elevator dings and the doors open for them and Vala bounces out. "Right, so 3201?" She looks for a sign on the wall and takes a left, looking for their room. "Aha!" She looks down at the card in her hand and then at the door. She's not really sure how this is supposed to work.

"Hm," frowning she slides the key into the crack between the door and the wall, sliding it down as if to use the keycard as a jimmy to break into the room. "Interesting way to get in.." She mutters.

He laughs. "Trying to show off your skill as a thief? Here, why don't we just do it the old fashioned way..."

He takes the card from her and feeds it into the reader, waiting until the light turns green.

Vala's eyes widen as she stares at the door and the key card reader. That wasn't what she had been expecting. "Yeah, you know me, I like to show off," she says, pretending that was exactly what she was going for. She adds a huge beaming smile to Cam as she steps into the room and looks around.

He drops their bags on the floor and pockets the key, watching her explore the room. "Think this is somewhere you can relax in?"

He walks over and opens the door that leads to their balcony, revealing a nice view of the nearby mountain. He turns and holds out his hand to her, leading her out with him.

The room is far nicer than anything she's been in in a long time. "Oh, I think I might be achieve some relaxation here..." She takes Cam's hand and lets him pull her outside. "If I didn't know better, I'd say you're almost a romantic..."

"Romantic? Nah... I wanted to get away. It's all pretty self-serving. Nice room, pretty girl..." He's reminding himself why the fate of the planet matters so much. "Just looking after my own interests."

"Oooh, I see," Vala smirks and leans in, kissing him nice and slow. "Very self-serving."

"Very," he agrees, enjoying the kiss and then pulling away. It's almost dark, and he knows she has to be hungry. He touches her face while he speaks, playing with a strand of hair. "I think I promised you a date, now didn't I?"

"I think you did indeed," Vala agrees. She leans into his hand, her cheek resting on his palm. Smiling up at him, she leans in and kisses him again, her stomach rumbling in agreement of the dinner date.

He smiles at her. "So, why don't you go get ready... I'm gonna step out for just a minute. I need to go check in with work and make sure they know the rest of the night is off limits."

"Good. Do that." She smiles and pinches his butt as she walks by. "Don't want the fate of the world to be resting on your shoulders during the salad course."

Something about the way she words that alarms him, but he tries to cover it. "Uh, yeah."

In the hallway, he checks his phone. No missed calls, but what he'd said to Vala was the truth - he wants to make sure everything is going as planned.

Sam answers on the third ring. She sounds tired and he feels guilty that he's getting this time off when she's still there, but he knows even if he were there he wouldn't be able to give her a rest. That's the burden of being a genius scientist.

Vala slowly zips her suitcase open and rifles through until she finds just what she wants. Grabbing a few things she hurries to the bathroom and locks the door to get ready.

Cam is on the phone for a few minutes before walking back into the hotel room. The bathroom door is shut and he takes advantage of the relatively privacy to change himself, putting on nicer clothes than he normally wears on his down time.

Vala finishes her make up and hair, adding a few finishing touches her and there before smoothing the front of her dress and calling herself complete.

She unlocks the door to the bathroom and steps out slowly.

He's sitting on the bed with the television remote in his hand when she comes out. He can't help but smile - she looks gorgeous, like she was made for the dress, for the kind of evening he has planned. He gets to his feet and just shakes his head, blatantly admiring. "Wow."

Vala beams and gives him a little twirl. "Thank you," she says smugly.

"You looking like that makes me want to say forget the whole dinner and just stay here..." He walks over to her and stands in front of her, enjoying the close up view just as much. "But I'm a man of my word, and I said I was taking you out somewhere nice."

"You can enjoy it longer by taking me to dinner," Vala agrees. She tucks her arm in Cam's, letting him lead her out the door. She tucks a black sparkly clutch under an arm and beams at him. They've been out on a date before but this feels different than any of their others.