While You Were Sleeping Ch. 01
byCphucker©
When Marissa heard that her brother was going to start taking pills to help him sleep, it probably shouldn't have excited her so much.

After all, Brian was really starting to suffer from his insomnia. He wasn't doing well in his freshman year at college, since he couldn't concentrate during class and he was too exhausted to do his homework. Actually, Marissa was doing his homework for him, even though she was just a senior in high school. She was always ahead of her class, and Brian was too much of a zombie lately to really see what was going on. Sometimes she would leave his completed work on his desk in his room, and he wouldn't even say anything. Either he knew what was going on, or he honestly thought he had done it and just didn't remember.

Marissa was always getting him out of trouble, it seemed. She was the younger one, but she felt like his big sister. When Brian couldn't get a date, she purposely stopped accepting her own offers so he wouldn't feel bad. When he didn't have anywhere to go on Saturday night, Marissa didn't respond to her multiple invites just so she could stay home with him. She loved her brother, and for some reason she couldn't explain, she preferred his company over the boys who repeatedly asked her out.

She didn't consider herself anything special, rather skinny and plain looking in her own opinion. She did receive many compliments about her eyes though, which were a haunting icy grey color. Her long hair was a dirty blonde, which she usually kept in a boring pony tail. She looked like one of those girls who could be so much prettier if she wanted to, but preferred to stay off the radar of most people.

Brian was average too, and since he was new to his college, he was off the radar too apparently. He had casual friends but hadn't had time to make good ones yet. It would come in time, but with his sleeping problem it was hard for him to put any effort into it. Their parents had taken him to a doctor finally, who had prescribed pills to basically drug him for the night.

Marissa was excited by this, not only because she truly cared about his well-being and wanted him to feel better, but because she had always fantasized about doing sexual things to him while he slept. It was a fetish for her, she supposed. But she never dreamed about doing things to other people while they were asleep, only Brian. It was the naughty aspect of it, probably, since not only would he be unaware of what was happening, but also because it was forbidden too.

Marissa read plenty of erotic stories about incest and different fantasies. She was no stranger to sex, even though technically she was still a virgin. She had no qualms about sticking things up her holes, and had a very high sex drive. She masturbated every day at least once, and most of the time she was thinking about Brian. She wasn't a deranged, pathetic bottom-feeder like the typical deviant high school kid who spent all their time looking at Japanese eel porn. She just wasn't afraid to admit what turned her on, and incest always seemed to do it. The thought of having her way with her sleeping brother's body only added to the excitement.

Of course, since she cared about him too and wasn't selfish, she waited for a while to see if his medicine was really working. The first few nights, Brian said that he slept better but that he woke up feeling frustrated and tense. That intrigued Marissa, and finally she gathered up the courage to ask him for more details, since she had an idea of what that meant. They were both watching TV in the living room, and they were alone in the house.

"So like, your muscles are tense?" she asked. "Or you just have a tense feeling in your body?"

Brian shrugged. "Both, I guess. I don't remember waking up, but I feel like I couldn't relax even though I was asleep."

Marissa could probably say anything to Brian, even if it was about sex. They talked openly about that stuff, of course because neither of them were having it. But it wasn't uncommon for them to jab at each other playfully.

"Maybe it's because you need release," she said bluntly.

Brian looked shocked, but it only lasted a second when he appreciated it was his sister who was saying this. He laughed.

"Yeah, maybe." He just smiled. "Can't get too much of that, right?"

Marissa chuckled. "I'm just teasing. I know you still soil the sheets every night in your sleep."

Brian punched her in the arm. "Hey now, I seem to remember you were the one who wet the bed."

"I'm not talking about piss, Brian."

"I see." He coughed nervously. "That...uh, happens to every guy, you know."

"Until they're 19?" Marissa joked.

He punched her arm again. "How would you know, anyway?"

Marissa just smiled. "I've heard that stuff even weirder happens to people when they take those pills, you know. You better wear a condom just to be safe."

Brian shook his head. "You're too much. Besides..."

When he didn't finish his sentence, Marissa watched his face carefully. "Besides, what?"

Brian shook his head again. "Never mind."

"Come on," she urged.

"It's too personal, I don't want to creep you out with information about your brother."

"I know way more about you than you think," she countered.

He raised an eyebrow. "Like what?"

"Like, how you always jerk off at night instead of the morning."

Brian looked shocked again, and this time he stayed shocked.

"How do you know that?"

She giggled. "My room is right next to yours. And you always sleep in till the last possible second so I know you don't have time to stroke your wiener before school."

Brian didn't know what to say, but somehow it wasn't completely embarrassing for his sister to know about that. After all, if she really could hear him masturbating at night and hadn't said anything up until now, then what was the harm in her knowing that? Of course, it made doing that from now on a little uncomfortable. And oddly arousing in a somewhat guilty way...

"Hearing you say 'wiener' just gave me a boner," he replied finally.

They both broke out laughing, and the tension seemed to clear up.

"So," Marissa said after a few moments. "What were you going to say that was too personal?"

Brian shrugged. "It's just that...after I started taking these pills, I can't seem to...you know."

Marissa thought she probably knew what he was talking about, but she wanted him to say it.

"No, what?"

"Um, well...I can't seem to get aroused enough to actually 'get there' if you know what I mean."

"Yikes, so is that a side effect?" Marissa asked, showing her concern in her voice.

"Well, it's not that I can't get it up or anything. In fact, I'm usually hard all night."

Marissa had to put her hands over her mouth to hold in her sudden laughter. It was rude of her, but she couldn't help it. After a moment, she calmed down enough for him to continue. He just laughed it off.

"Hey, you asked about it."

"I know, I know. I'm sorry. So what is the problem then?"

He shrugged. "I wish I knew. I dream about sex all night, and wake up so frustrated but I just can't seem to finish the job. I wish I was still having wet dreams, at least I'd be clearing out the pipes once in a while."

Marissa frowned. "Geez, that sucks. How long has it been? I mean, if you don't mind me asking."

Brian seemed nervous to tell her, but it passed quickly. "Since I started taking the pills. Four days now."

"I see. That's not that long, is it?" Even as she asked the question, she knew the answer. For a teenage guy, it was forever. Even she couldn't go more than two days without being a nervous wreck. He must be aching for release.

"I once went eleven years without having an orgasm, so I guess it's not that long."

She smiled at his lame joke. "So, what if you set an alarm tonight at like two in the morning? Then you'd be plenty aroused, right?"

"My alarm doesn't wake me up if I take those pills. They put me out completely. Mom has to come shake me to get me out of bed in the morning."

Hearing him say that make Marissa's thighs tingle in wicked excitement. If he was out cold like that every night, she could surely have some fun with him without him ever knowing. And as a bonus, at least in the back of her mind somewhere it registered as such, she would be helping him out with a problem he was having. If she could actually get him to cum.

"Well, if you're backed up enough, you'll probably end up shooting off in your sleep."

Her crude way of saying that made Brian laugh. "Just, promise me you won't have your ear up against the wall listening or anything."

Marissa smiled, a bit more devilishly than she intended. "Haha, don't worry. I'll be good."

**********

It was almost impossible for Marissa to lie in bed for a few hours that night, to make sure Brian was asleep. She was so excited she had to masturbate finally to stop her body from shaking. She thought about sneaking into his room and slowly peeling back his blankets, revealing his naked body and his throbbing erection. She pictured herself gently propping her elbows between his legs and holding her mouth right over his cock. Her pussy nearly exploded as she brought herself off with that image, and she rubbed and rubbed her wet mound as she moaned to herself. Her slit was steaming, and she playfully circled her asshole with her middle finger as she enjoyed the aftershocks of her orgasm.

It wasn't enough though, not by a longshot. She was a determined girl, and she was going to at least suck her brother's dick tonight. Touching him wasn't enough, she had to do something for him that he couldn't do himself. Her mission was to make him cum one way or another.

She threw on a tank top and some sweatpants, even though she always slept naked. She knew he did too, so at least she didn't have to fight with any clothing. The only problem would be if he was on his stomach. But even then, if he was fast asleep, she could probably roll him over.

Quietly, Marissa crept down the hall to his door and opened it. She tiptoed into his room and closed the door behind her. Immediately, she lost her sweatpants and tank top, not really anticipating that she would need to be naked but simply preferring to be. It wouldn't matter anyway since Brian wouldn't be waking up and seeing her.

He was softly snoring on his back, thankfully. His comforter was a mess on top of him, but it would be easy to move aside. Marissa walked up to his bed, and just stood there for a moment. She gave herself one last chance to back out of this, even though getting to this point took more courage than simply continuing. She fidgeted naked there for just a few seconds, before kneeling and resting her hands on top of his legs.

Brian didn't budge. She gently rubbed his calves through the blanket, but he didn't make any movements or signs that he felt it. She pulled at the blanket, sliding it off him and away to the side. To her delight, he was naked and fully erect underneath. She licked her lips as she stared at it in the dim light. His room was dark but he had a big window that let in a lot of moonlight. It didn't matter anyway, she could do this in the dark if necessary.

Marissa held off the instinct to touch herself, even though her pussy ached to be rubbed. It was safer if she made him cum first, in case she lost control of herself and he woke up. She shook him firmly, knowing she could duck down next to the bed if he stirred and remain hidden. Brian just kept snoring, and Marissa felt as if she might orgasm just from the excitement of what she was about to do.

She softly touched Brian's penis, admiring as much of it as she could see. It was a nice size, bigger than her dildo and with a nice big vein running up the shaft. It was so sexy, and he kept it neatly trimmed too which surprised her. She was also trimmed and almost shaved bare, so thinking about her brother grooming his genitals was sexy to her. She was going to enjoy sucking on this.

Remembering that she was here to accomplish a task, she set to work positioning herself between his legs, propping herself up just like she imagined and gently spreading his thighs to accommodate her. Brian's snore was steady, and didn't miss a beat as she softly nudged his legs apart. He always showered right before bed, so he smelled nice and clean. His manly crotch scent was actually pleasant to her, which surprised her. Or she was just too turned on to care.

She caressed his balls while her fingers danced up and down his shaft. She felt his soft head and scratched her fingernails through his short pubic hair. His body didn't move, but his dick twitched a bit. Maybe he was dreaming about sex right now, she thought. At least he wouldn't be suspicious if he thought he had a wet dream. She reminded herself that he would need to find some cum in his sheets if that was to be believed. That shouldn't be a problem, if she could resist the urge to swallow it all. 

Feeling her pussy dripping down her thighs, Marissa lowered her face into his crotch and took his cock into her mouth. She had never tasted a penis before, though she practiced on her dildo all the time and had watched enough porn online to know the basics. To her surprise, it came somewhat naturally as she felt his thick shaft touch her tongue and her mouth just seemed to contort around him.

She relaxed her jaw and just enjoyed the feeling of her brother's penis in her mouth. It was so arousing, she felt like she was riding the edge of a climax the whole time. Her body felt on fire. She gently nursed on his head, sliding her tongue around it and getting off on the taste of his dick. When a drop of precum escaped the tip and her tongue caught it, the taste sent shivers down her body straight to her pussy, and she had to release her mouth from him while she grunted to herself in pleasure. A strong orgasm tore through her briefly, with nothing touching her pussy but her thighs squeezed tightly together.

She hadn't planned on cumming, and after she could regain her composure, she glanced up at Brian's face to make sure he was still asleep. He was still snoring soundly, not breaking his rhythm. Marissa let herself breathe for a moment before resuming her blowjob. Focus, she told herself. She was here to do a job. At least that was what she was telling herself at this point.

The orgasm had relieved a lot of the pressure for her, and she could calmly go about sucking Brian's dick now without her hands shaking uncontrollably. She eagerly slurped at him, wrapping her lips around his shaft and pulling them up and down his length. His cock was so warm and hard, it felt wonderful in her mouth. She sucked him firmly and continually, not stopping until she was out of breath. She felt his balls tighten, and eagerly licked and sucked on them too.

Her first blowjob was so much fun, she couldn't imagine why some girls complained about having to do this. She had never engaged in a more pleasurable activity in her life. She jammed as much of him as she could down her throat, and used her hand to stroke the part she couldn't swallow. Brian's snoring was beginning to quicken with his breath, but Marissa was too engrossed to notice or care. She just wanted him to cum so she could taste it and then suck him some more.

Finally, after about ten minutes of her ministrations, his snoring turned into a powerful snort, and his balls lifted higher into his sack as his cock tensed up and seemed to expand even more. Marissa knew, even as a virgin, what that meant, and firmly sucked on his cock while he began having his first orgasm in almost a week.

His body didn't move much, but his hips were involuntarily thrusting just a bit as she felt his first ejaculation of semen shoot into the back of her throat. The power of it surprised her, but it was also arousing to know how virile he was with such a big load. He kept spewing cum into her mouth, filling it up to the point that she needed to either swallow or cough it up. She desperately wanted to swallow it, but even in her sexual haze she was concerned about ruining her future chances of doing this again. She reluctantly let her mouth drop open and she coughed up his sperm onto his balls and the sheets.

His cock kept dripping cum for a good few seconds after she thought he had finished. She gently stroked him as the last bits of his orgasm were washing over him. His snoring never really stopped, but finally he let out a long groan in his sleep and is head rolled to one side. Marissa laid her head down on his thigh, and just stared at his slimy dick in her hand. She used her free hand to rub at her cunt, bring herself to a quick but satisfying orgasm while she held onto her brother's penis.

She was impressed by his load, and knew that there was enough on him and the bed to convince him he had a wet dream. So she sucked on his dick some more and cleaned his shaft, finding the taste of his sperm intoxicating. His penis was sensitive now, and his snoring seemed uneven when she sucked on him. She decided to stop now, and save something for tomorrow night. She wasn't sure how long he would be taking these pills, but she planned on having plenty of fun with him while he slept... 
