Tomboy
by Tina_Kerr_36

Julie, my new neighbor, was my age and different than any girl I’d ever met. She liked doing boy things. She could climb trees, wrestle, dig for worms and fish as well as any boy. She helped me clean the fish we caught without batting an eye. I loved hanging out with her. She was always happy and bubbly, and we loved pulling elaborate pranks on each other.

When school started, we were in almost all the same classes, and we hung out between classes as well. We rode our bikes to school together every morning and home every afternoon. When the weather was right, we’d grab fishing poles and a small tackle box and head out to our favorite fishing hole.

By the time school let out for the summer, Julie’s boobs were sprouting and served to remind me she was a girl. I actually got to see them once when we were fishing. She pulled her arms out of her t-shirt, pulled her bra straps down and then spun the garment around until the clasp was in the front. Without hesitation, she unhooked it and tossed it aside.

“I hate wearing that stupid thing.” She told me. And then she looked over at me and saw me staring. She rolled her eyes and shook her head, “Gezzz, Tommy, you’re such a boy. Here.” And she pulled her t-shirt back up and gave me a long look at her small boobs.

When she finally lowered her t-shirt again, she said, “Now, put your eyes back in your head and let’s catch some fish.”

Thirty minutes or so later, I needed to pee, so I got up and hurried over to the only large tree in the area. It was probably a hundred yards from the water. When I was finished and returned, she was giggling. “What?” I asked her.

She shook her head, “You’re too funny. You could have just turned your back and told me not to look.”

There was something familiar about the mischievous grin on her face. I’d seen it many times. “Yeah right! And you’d sneak up on me and start tickling me when I had my dick in my hand and couldn’t fight back.”

She laughed until her sides ached. When she could, she said, “I hadn’t thought about that, but now that you mention it, that would be hilarious.”

Before we headed home for the day, Julie whipped off her t-shirt and put her bra back on. When she caught me staring again, she walked over to me and put a hand on each of my shoulders. “I have a proposal for you.”

“Okay?”

She was looking me right in the eyes when she said, “Why do we have to be a boy and a girl? We’re friends. Can’t we just meet in the middle somewhere and be friends without letting the whole boy/girl thing get in the way?”

I thought about it for a few seconds before saying, “I don’t know what you mean exactly. What do you want me to do different?”

“Well, first you can stop going all bug-eyed when I feel like taking my bra off.”

“I . . . I’ve never seen that—boobs, I mean.”



To her credit, Julie didn’t laugh or tease me. Instead, while still looking me in the eyes, she said, “Maybe next time we come out here, we should go up stream a little bit and go skinny dipping. Hopefully after that, it won’t be a big deal anymore.”

“Okay.”

* * *

I was really nervous the next day while we were riding out to the fishing hole. We’d each taken a towel along with our usual fishing equipment, but we rode right past our usual spot and a short ways upstream.

When we arrived, Julie unceremoniously stripped to nothing and jumped into the water. “What are you waiting for?”

I was relieved to see her begin swimming. She wasn’t even looking my way. I was naked and in the water in no time flat. She immediately swam over to me and began trying to dunk me. Julie was very strong for a girl, but my upper body had developed nicely. It wasn’t that difficult for me to pin her arms behind her back and dunk her.

When she finally yelled “Uncle”, I pushed her away.

She giggled, “Do you have a gun in your pocket?”

I felt my face and ears grow hot with a blush. Without realizing it, I must have brushed up against her bare flesh with my boner. “No pockets, sorry.”

“Well what are you waiting for? Get over here and give me a look. That is why we’re here after all.”

When I started toward her, she was making her way to the bank. She sat on it facing me and crooked her finger. “Stand right here in front of me.”

I was still standing in the shallow water, so my boner was at eye level to her. She immediately reached out and slid her fingers around it. And then she examined it, tilting it up and down, and from side to side. Her fingers felt so good, I was afraid I might cum.

Next, she held my dick out of her way and cupped my balls. They were drawn up tight to my body. “They’re cold, huh?”

“Yeah . . . the water.”

She nodded her head and examined them for another minute or two before saying, “Okay, you can sit down.”

When I was seated, Julie stepped up between my legs. “Okay, you’re turn. Take your time and satisfy your curiosity. Just be gentle.”

My hands were shaking when I reached out and put them on her boobs. They felt amazing. They were firm and soft at the same time. When I rubbed her elongated nipples, she giggled, “You’re not the only one the cold water affects.”

After about ten minutes, she grew impatient, “Okay, that’s enough. Let’s trade places again. Get on your knees.” She said when she was seated with her legs spread out wide.”

My face was no more than a foot from her cute pussy when she began showing me her various parts. When she spread her lips open, she asked me, “Can you see how wet it is?”

“Yes.”

“That’s because doing this is making me horny. My pussy gets wet like that when I’m turned on. So now, I’m going to show you something special.” And she began moving her fingers around in circles around her swollen clit. “Mmmmm” she moaned.

I was spellbound when she slid a finger from her other hand into her pussy. Soon after that, she added a second finger. And then she began sliding her fingers in and out. I could hear the sloshing sounds they were making.

After a minute or so, her fingers began rubbing her clit directly. She immediately began moaning over and over. At some point, she leaned her head back and began moving it from side to side.

“Oh wow! Oh wow! Tommy, I’m gonna . . . I’m close . . . so close.” And then she let out a loud grunt. I could see her thighs shaking and her tummy was constricting over and over. Finally, she collapsed backward, panting and gasping for air.

After a couple of minutes, I said, “Wow!”

Julie started giggling, “Oh, you liked watching that, huh?”

“Hell yeah. It was awesome.” I told her truthfully.

“Good, then it’s your turn. When you’re done, we’ll swim some more.”

I was astounded, “You want me to . . .”

She giggled again, “Of course. Don’t get all shy on me now.”

I was nervous, but I forced myself to stand up and begin jacking off. In short order, I had to warn her, “I’ll turn to one side so you don’t get it on you.”

She laughed, “Don’t you dare. I can wash off.”

So, thirty seconds later, I was cumming. Most of it landed on her legs. One shot landed on her tummy. “Whew! I needed that.” I told her when I was finished.

She giggled, “I could tell. When I was touching it, it was twitching in my hand. Now let’s wash up and go catch some fish.”

While we were getting dressed, Julie caught me looking at her boobs again. She just rolled her eyes and draped her t-shirt over her shoulder, “I guess it’s going to take longer than I thought to get you over your eyes bugging out.”

For the rest of the summer, every time we went fishing, Julie remained topless. Even though she never got herself off in front of me again, she told me to jack off anytime I felt the need. Actually, on the occasions I took her up on that, she barely glanced in my direction.

* * *

By the time school let out next for summer, Julie’s body had changed a lot, her boobs and hips especially. Even though she still dressed more like a boy than a girl, it was impossible for her to hide what she’d grown into.

Fortunately for me, I got to see them all the time. Anytime we were at one of our homes alone, she’d take her bra off and stay topless until it was time for our parents to get home. “I hate them.” She’d say over and over. “I wish I could have them cut off.”

I teased her, “If you do, please have them stuffed and give them to me so I can feel of them anytime I want.”

It was rare for me to get the last word with Julie. She put her hand on my shoulder and said in a matter of fact tone, “Hell, no need to go through all that. You can touch them anytime you want anyway.”

“Really?” I perked up.

That’s when she started laughing her ass off. “Yeah . . . IN YOUR DREAMS!”

I jumped on her and wrestled her to the floor. In less than a minute, I had her pinned on the floor on her stomach with her hands behind her back. I was sitting on her butt.

“Oh GOD! That hurts so bad. The carpet is scratching the shit out of my nipples. It really, really hurts. Please let me up.”

Damn, I didn’t want to hurt her, especially her beautiful boobs, so I stood up and stepped away. The instant she was on her feet, she burst out in laughter while cupping her boobs and bouncing them up and down, “I guess they’re good for something after all.”

“Shit!” I said to myself. “She got me again.”

* * *

Midway through that summer, the door to my bedroom burst open and Julie pounced on me. I was totally covered by a sheet, so I couldn’t fight back. It took me a few minutes to fully wake up. “JD! (Which is what she preferred me to call her), What the hell?”

“It’s your birthday, silly boy. Get up and take a shower, then come over to my house. I’ve got your birthday present in my room.”



I couldn’t imagine what she was so giddy about, but I did what she wanted. When I got to her bedroom, she was sitting in the chair at her desk reading.

When she saw me come in, she showed me that teasing grin of hers, “Take off your clothes and lay down on the bed.”

Alarms were going off in my head. I was on high alert for an impending prank. I was still skeptical when she crawled on the bed, forcing my legs apart. A few seconds later though, she had her hand around my semi hard dick. My eyes shot open when she lowered her head and began licking all around the head.

Julie was looking up at me the whole time, even when she took the head of my dick into her mouth. Holy shit! That felt incredible. Soon, my dick was fully hard and she was bobbing her head up and down on it while stroking it with her hand.

“Mmmmm” I moaned. She showed me a wink and kept up what she was doing. It only took another minute. I warned her I was close, but she didn’t back off or stop. Seconds later, I started cumming in her mouth.

I came and came, but she never backed off. When I was fully drained, she let my dick plop out of her mouth. She seemed to be tasting and evaluating my cum in her mouth. Finally, she showed me a wide grin, “It’s not bad. Now, get out of here and let me finish reading my book.”

When I was dressed and ready to leave, Julie told me in a matter of fact tone, “From now on, when you get horny, just let me know.”

* * *

When I got back to my room, I couldn’t stop thinking about what Julie had just told me. I tried to get my mind onto something else, but it was no use. I held out for almost two hours before I had to call her. When she answered, I asked, “Can I come over?”

“Already?”

“Yes”

She laughed for at least a couple of minutes. “Okay, c’mon over, horny boy.”

She was in the kitchen when I entered through the back door. She giggled, “I’m going to get a glass of tea. You go on into the bedroom and get ready.”

Obediently, I went to her bedroom, undressed, and lay on her bed. She came in a minute later and giggled again when she saw my dick was already fully hard. “Wow! You weren’t kidding.” As she was crawling up between my legs, she said, “It’s your birthday, so I’ll make an exception, but after today, I’m going to limit this to once a day.”

This time, Julie approached her task totally differently. She spent a lot of time licking up and down my shaft and over the head. Also, she was cupping and massaging my balls. “They’re not cold today.” She said with a giggle, noting that my balls were hanging freely.

I was enjoying what she was doing, so I didn’t mind her taking her time. I just pulled a second pillow under my head so I could watch her.

It must have been over thirty minutes before she put her lips around the head of my dick. Still, she was in no hurry. She just held the head of my dick between her lips and swirled her tongue over and around it. Again, she kept looking up at me the whole time. Now and then, she would show me a grin and wink.

At one point, she let it slip from between her lips and grinned up at me, “I like the way it feels in my mouth.” And then she frowned, “Does that mean I’m turning into a fucking girl?”

I didn’t know what to say, so I just shook my head. And then a few seconds later, I said, “No, you’re just being a really good friend.”

That seemed to please her greatly. She took her mouth off of my dick long enough to blow me a kiss and say, “Thank you for that.”

Finally, Julie got more serious. She began sucking me harder and moving her mouth up and down on my dick faster. She gagged a little every time my dick hit the back of her mouth, but that didn’t dissuade her. She kept at it.

“Almost there.” I warned her after another ten minutes.

Julie redoubled her efforts, and I was soon cumming in her mouth again. She surprised me by saying, “I enjoyed it more that time.”

“Oh?” I asked as I was getting dressed.

“Yeah, you weren’t so . . . needy. I got to take my time and have some fun with it.” 

When I was dressed and ready to leave, she said in that same nonchalant tone, “Just remember, my birthday is in two weeks.”

I stopped in my tracks, “We don’t have to wait.”

She giggled, “Yes we do. Now shoo!”

* * *

“You’re kidding!” She exclaimed into the phone when I called her two hours later.

“Nope”

After a long pause, she sighed and said, “Okay, but only because it’s your birthday. This is the last one though. My parents will be home in a couple of hours.”

This time, Julie played with my hard dick even more than she had the last time. She did keep glancing at the clock though.

“Enjoying yourself?” I teased.

She showed me a naughty grin and then said, “Unfortunately, yes. I love it.”

“Why unfortunately?”

“I thought I’d hate it. I was only going to do it because it’s your birthday and I was willing to take one for the team. I didn’t want to enjoy it.” And with that, she put my dick back into her mouth and began sucking me again.

“I’m glad you enjoy it. I’m going to enjoy going down on you too.”

She stopped long enough to ask, “How the hell would you know that?”

“I just know.” I said flatly.

* * *

When we were sitting side by side at our fishing hole the following day, we hadn’t been talking at all until Julie said, “Just because I like giving you blowjobs doesn’t mean anything, you know. Gay and bisexual guys do it, so they must enjoy it too.”

I understood what she meant. To her, feeling like a girl was a fate worse than death. “JD, I don’t think of you as a girl—not even when you’re giving me a blowjob. I think of us as friends who just happen to have different body parts.”

She showed me a skeptical look, “What if I was a boy? Would you still want me to give you blowjobs?”

“I don’t know.” I answered honestly, “I’ve never thought about it. I guess so, if we were still as good friends as we are now. I’m glad you’re not a boy though.”

She giggled and shook her naked tits at me, “You just like my tits.”

I was glad to see her mood lighten, “Guilty as charged. I do wish you’d let me play with them sometimes. I’d like to kiss them too.”

“You can do that all you want on my birthday.”

I’m sure she saw the disappointment on my face. “What?” She asked.

“Just that one day?”

Julie looked right at me, “Tommy, it scares me a little.”

I didn’t understand, “What about it scares you?”

She sighed and looked up at the clouds, “Maybe I’ll like it too much.”

Her meaning started to soak in on me, “You’re afraid it will make you feel too much like a girl?”

“Something like that.” She said while still looking up at the sky. “I talked to my mom about hooking me up with birth control.”

“Did she freak out?”

She chuckled, “No, not at all. She admitted to being relieved. She thought I was gay. She did ask me if you were pressuring me into having sex.”

I was shocked, “I . . . I would never.”

She sighed loudly, “I know that, but if we start doing . . . things, I might not be able to stop.”

“So, you’re not afraid of me. You’re afraid of yourself?”

“Exactly. These feelings . . . they’re all so new to me. I hate them. They make me feel . . .”

“Like a girl? If that’s the problem, it’s a good thing you’ll have a chaperone there to keep you from acting like one.”

She turned her head and looked me straight on, “I can trust you to do that?”

“Yes, JD, you can. I promise. Now, if I can only get one blowjob a day, I’d like it now please.”

Julie rolled her eyes and let out a sigh, “Okay, get your fucking pants off.”

* * *

We always want what we can’t have. Even though Julie was giving me a blowjob every day, I longed for the time when I could suck and play with her tits and go down on her. I knew I was going to love doing that.

Finally, the day came. It was her birthday, and I called her fifteen minutes after my parents left for work. “A little anxious, are you?” She teased me.

“Damn right I am. Can I come over or not?”

She giggled, “Give me an hour to take a shower and get ready.”

That was one of the longest hours of my life. When I got to her bedroom, Julie was naked. She’d always been in control of everything, but it was my turn. I sat on the side of her bed and pulled her in front of me.

I spent the next ten minutes playing with her now very nice tits. I licked her nipples, sucked on them, and pulled and pinched her nipples. I got my reward when she moaned and put her hands on the back of my head, pulling my mouth firmly to her tits.

Finally, I had her lay down, and I immediately crawled between her legs. She had shaved her pussy totally, and I could see moisture glistening between her lips. I immediately started licking her. I remembered when she was getting herself off in front of me; she didn’t rub her clit directly at first, so I avoided it.

I loved the way she tasted, but I always knew I would. I also loved the feel of her most tender flesh on my tongue.

I moved my arms under and around her thighs so I could use the fingers on both hands to spread her open. And then I began licking her again. She let out a low moan, “Yes, keep doing that, ummmm.”

When she started rolling her head from side to side, I knew she was getting close, so I started licking her clit. I was rewarded with her panting, “Oh God! Oh God! Yes! Right there!”

When I stuck two fingers inside her, she began bucking her hips up to meet my mouth. And then she lost it. “UUUUUGGGGGG”, and she pushed my head away.

Just like she’d done at the swimming hole, her body began twitching and convulsing. A minute later, she almost shouted, “More! I need more!” So I went back to licking her pussy and clit and moving my fingers in and out of her hole.

It only took about five minutes for her to cum again, but this time, instead of pushing my head away, she grabbed my hair and pulled my mouth harder to her pussy. Starting then, she began a non stop tirade of “Oh God!” and “Oh Fuck!” and “Yes”.

She had both of her hands on my head, smashing my face to her pussy. I had to struggle to breathe, but I never stopped licking her clit and fucking her with my fingers.

Finally, she pushed me away, “Stop”, so I moved back and just watched as she shook and convulsed and gasped for air. All I could think was “wow!”.

It was at least a couple of minutes before she raised her head and looked at me through squinted eyes, “Water. Will you get me some water?”

I immediately jumped off the bed and ran to the kitchen. I returned less than a minute later to find her sitting up, leaning against the headboard with two pillows behind her back. I handed her the bottle of water and grinned down at her.

“I guess you’re feeling all proud of yourself, huh?” She teased me. When I didn’t respond, she asked, “Well, did you enjoy it as much as you thought you would?”

I shook my head, “No, ten times more.”

Julie let out a short laugh, “I’m glad. I really enjoyed it too.”

“Does that mean you’ll let me do it again?”

She laughed again, “Not right now, but yes. I’ll let you know when.” And then she glanced down and saw the bulge in my jeans, “I guess you’re ready for your daily blowjob now, huh?”

“Absolutely!”

She rolled her eyes, “Okay, get your jeans off.”

* * *

After that, Julie and I fell into a routine of sorts. Before going fishing, I’d go over to her house. I’d go down on her until she came a couple of times, and then she’d give me a blowjob. Afterward, we’d usually go fishing.

We both knew everything would change when school started, so we carried a blanket to our fishing hole. We also took a large black contractor’s bag which we used to put the blanket in and hide it under some brush. When we’d go to our fishing hole, we’d spread the blanket out, have our oral fun, and then fish as usual.

A week after school started, Julie announced right out of the blue that she wanted to take up tennis. Naturally, I bought a racket so I could play tennis with her.

One Saturday, I had to mow the lawn, so Julie went on to the park without me. When I finally got there, Julie was sitting on a park bench with Erin Johnson waiting on a court to open up. When I walked up, Erin split quickly. “What was that all about?” I asked Julie when I took a seat beside her.

“You don’t want to know.” She said with a giggle.

“No, I really do. What’s going on?”

“She just had some questions about us.” She said in a more serious tone.

“What kind of questions?” I pressed her.

“Okay, if you must know, she said everyone thinks you’re gay.”

“Wh . . . why would they think that?”

Julie turned to look straight at me, “Because they think I am. And since you and I hang out together, they think you are. Why else would a boy who has never had a girlfriend hang out with a dyke?”

“You set her straight, I hope.”

“I tried. I assured her you’re not gay—that we’re neighbors and just really good friends.”

“Did she accept that explanation?”

“I think so because she started hitting on me.”

“Erin?” I asked in a tone that expressed my shock. “I thought she was going with Travis Range.”

Julie giggled, “They broke up.”

“What did you do?”

“She’s sexy, don’t you think?”

“JD! What the fuck! You’re not gay.”

She seemed to be dead serious when she asked, “How can you be so sure when I’m not? There’s only one way to find out. She invited me for a sleepover tonight.”

“And you’re going?”

“Yes.”

I didn’t know what I was feeling, but I knew I didn’t like the idea of Julie spending the night with Erin Johnson. I was afraid I’d say something wrong, so I just said, “Have fun.” And I got up and walked away.

* * *

I didn’t see or hear from Julie until early afternoon on Sunday. She called me and asked, “So, are we going fishing or what?”

Her question caught me totally off guard, “I . . . I guess, if you really want to.”

“I’ll meet you out front in ten minutes.” And she hung up.

We didn’t talk at all on the ride out to our fishing hole. When we got there, Julie surprised me by getting the blanket and spreading it out. “Why do you still have your pants on?” She asked me.

“I . . . I wasn’t sure you--”

“You weren’t sure I’d still give you your daily blowjob?”

“Well yeah. I didn’t know . . . I don’t know what I thought.” So I took off my jeans and boxers and lay back on the blanket. Julie got between my legs and proceeded to give me a blowjob, but she took her time, licking up and down my dick for a very long time.

Before putting my dick in her mouth, she grinned up at me, “I know why you like eating my pussy so much. It’s fun.”

My eyes shot open, which caused Julie to start laughing. When she could, she put my dick in her mouth and started sucking me very slowly.

“You did that—to Erin?”

She giggled, “Yep”.

“And you liked doing that?”

“Yep”.

“Wow!”

Hearing that made her giggle again, but she didn’t say anything else. Instead, she got serious about the blowjob.

* * *

The weather was still good, so Julie and I alternated between playing tennis one day and fishing the next. Of course, I enjoyed the fishing more. She couldn’t really give me a blowjob at the city park.

On Saturday, Julie called and told me to bring a towel with me. I didn’t think anything about it, just assuming she wanted to swim a little before or after fishing.

I got a huge surprise when I came out of my front door to meet Julie. Erin was there, sitting on her bike with a big grin on her face. Neither of them had a fishing pole, but they both did have towels draped over their handlebars. I stopped in my tracks, “Do I need to bring a swimsuit?”

They both laughed and Julie said, “No.”

I just shrugged and got on my bike.

On the way by our fishing hole, Julie got off her bike and grabbed the blanket out of the bag. When she saw the confused look on my face, she giggled, “What?”

Sure enough, when we got upstream to our swimming hole, both of them immediately began getting undressed. Erin acted like undressing in front of me was no big deal, but I couldn’t help staring. She was built about the same as Julie, slender with a nice shape, but her tits were a lot bigger. They looked amazing.

“Earth to Tommy.” Julie teased me, and then both of them walked out into the water.

It took every bit of concentration I could muster to undress with them both watching. My dick was already hard, but I tried to ignore it. A few seconds later, I was in the water with them.

After some innocent splashing and dunking, I got a huge shock. Julie and Erin began hugging, kissing, and making out hot and heavy. All I could do was stand there and watch. I was jealous of Erin. I’d never gotten to kiss Julie, even though I’d been tempted to try many times. Still, watching the two of them like that was hot as hell.

I got yet another shock when Julie crooked a finger to me. When I was close enough, she released Erin and put her arms around my neck. Next, she put her legs around my body and smashed her tits into my chest. “Kiss me” she said in a sexy purr.

I’d never kissed a girl, so I was really awkward at it. It was a full blown French kiss. After two or three tries, I got a little better. “Now kiss Erin.” Julie told me in that same sexy voice.

I felt myself tense up, but Erin took the lead. She came over to me and put her arms around my neck and kissed me. A second into it, she forced her tongue into my mouth.

When she broke our kiss, Erin turned to Julie and giggled, “He needs practice.”

“Then we’ll just have to make sure he gets plenty.” Julie said with a sexy grin on her face. Hearing that, Erin turned back to me and kissed me again, this time hugging me tightly and pressing her huge tits into my chest.

When Erin backed off, she reached for my hands and guided them up to her tits. Julie was right there encouraging me, “She has awesome tits, doesn’t she, Tommy?”

“Yes . . . yes she does.” I finally managed.

Erin let out a laugh and then teased, “Typical boy.”

“Hey! I like them too.” Julie defended. And then she pulled one of my hands away and replaced it with her own. At the same time, Erin reached up and began kneading one of Julie’s tits. With the other hand, she reached down and slid her hand around my hard dick.

“Ooooo, He’s nice and hard.” Erin said in a teasing tone.

“What did you expect?” Julie chided.

Erin still had her hand around my dick when she moved her other hand up behind Julie’s head and pulled her in for a passionate kiss. “Ummmm” I heard Julie moan into Erin’s mouth.

After a couple more minutes of that, Julie walked out of the water, dried off and spread out the blanket. Erin and I were kissing. She still had her hand around my dick. “C’mon, you two. Get your asses out here.”

Once Erin and I had dried off, Julie had me lay down on my back. She lay down beside me while Erin crawled between my legs. Seconds later, Julie was kissing me while Erin slid my dick into her mouth. Surprisingly, she was able to take all of my dick into her mouth. She didn’t even gag when I felt the head penetrate her throat. Evidently she’d had a lot of practice doing that.

“Ummmm, I love his cock.” Erin said when she pulled her mouth off me.

Julie broke our kiss and replied, “I know. It’s wonderful, isn’t it?”

“It is, and it’s bigger than Travis’. Is it okay if I finish him off?”

“Sure. Knock yourself out.” Julie replied.

Hearing that, Erin swallowed my dick again and began fucking her mouth with it. That didn’t last long. Less than a minute later, I warned her, but she just kept going. Julie kissed me passionately while I was cumming in Erin’s mouth and throat.

When I was totally spent, Julie told me to move over. Erin took my place and Julie crawled between her legs. I’m sure my eyes bugged out when I saw Julie’s tongue dart out and begin licking Erin’s pussy.

I didn’t get to watch very long before Erin grabbed my hair and pulled me in for a hot kiss. After a minute or so, she pulled my head back and pushed it lower. “Suck my tits.”

I wasn’t about to argue. I played with her far tit while I licked and sucked her near nipple. I did manage to keep glancing down to see Julie licking her pussy.

It was four or five minutes before Erin began arching her back and moaning loudly, “I . . . I’m . . . almost.”

Julie stopped licking her and clamped her mouth onto Erin’s clit. I assumed she was sucking it in and flicking it with her tongue. Erin was going crazy, flailing her head from side to side and moaning loudly. Soon, she began bucking her hips up, “I’m . . . OH GOD! Don’t stop! OH GOD!” and then she screamed out “FUCK!” Julie withdrew and we both watched Erin shaking and gasping for air.

“Whew!” She finally said, looking at Julie, “That was a good one.”

Julie and Erin traded places. They kissed for a few minutes, and then Erin moved down and began eating Julie’s pussy. After watching for a minute, I began kissing Julie and then licking and sucking her nipples.

Julie must have been super horny because it only took Erin a couple of minutes to have her bucking her hips up and moaning loudly. A minute later, Julie was pushing both me and Erin away, her body shaking and convulsing.

“Are you ready?” Erin asked Julie.

“Ye . . . yes.” Julie answered in a strained voice.

I had no idea what they were talking about until Erin looked at me and said, “JD wants you to fuck her now.”

I looked at Julie, “Are you sure?”

Erin laughed, “Of course she’s sure. She’s been talking about it all week. Now get your ass over here.”

When I got in position, I was trying to maneuver my dick into Julie’s pussy. I had no idea what I was doing, so Erin reached between us and grabbed my dick. She worked it up and down on Julie’s slit, and then she said, “Okay, now just push forward. Go slow. She’ll let you know if you’re hurting her.”

So I pushed forward a little. I felt the head of my dick enter her sopping pussy. Julie let out a gasp, but she didn’t say anything, so I pushed forward a little more. It took me a couple of minutes to have my entire dick buried inside her pussy. I couldn’t believe how warm and tight she was.

“Just stay there for a minute so she can get used to it.” Erin instructed.

Half a minute later, Julie said in a raspy voice, “Okay. I’m okay.”

Erin then told me, “Okay, start moving in and out of her. Go slow until she tells you she’s ready to go faster.” And then she began kissing Julie while she slid her hand between us and started slowly rubbing Julie’s clit with her fingers.

It was only another minute before Julie said, “Okay, I’m ready. Fuck me now.”

Erin chuckled, “You heard her. Fuck her like you mean it. And then she said to Julie, “I knew you’d love it.”

“I do.” Julie said, “I really, really do.”

I kept increasing my speed and force until I was slamming into her pussy. I knew I wasn’t going to last long, even though I’d already cum once. It just felt too good.

I’d only been fucking her hard for five or six minutes when I warned them, “I’m getting close.” Julie had already cum twice, so I didn’t think she’d mind.

Erin looked at me with a panicked expression, “Stop” She practically yelled. “Take it out of her.” I did what she said, so she told me, “Just wait a couple of minutes and then start again.” She kept rubbing Julie’s clit and kissing her, but she was going slow now.

After two or three minutes, Erin told me, “Okay, you can fuck her some more now, but don’t go too fast. Hold out as long as you can before you cum.”

That little break seemed to let my urgency to cum subside somewhat, and now that I wasn’t thrusting into her pussy so fast and hard, I was able to hold out for another five minutes or so. This time when I warned them I was getting close, Erin sped up her ministrations on Julie’s clit and told me, “Okay, hit it as hard and fast as you can for as long as you can.”

Sure enough, the instant I sped up, Julie began flailing her head from side to side, “OH GOD! I’M . . .”

Erin purred to her, “That’s it, baby. Cum hard for me. Don’t hold back. Just let it go.”

And that’s exactly what Julie did. She was bucking her hips up to meet my thrusts and moaning loudly, “GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD!”

I couldn’t hold out any longer. I started cumming inside her, but I forced myself to continue fucking her as hard and fast as I could until she finally put her hands on my shoulders and tried to push me away.

“Stop now.” Erin instructed me. She didn’t tell me to take my dick out though, so I just froze in place with my dick still buried in Julie’s pussy.

“Oh wow! Oh wow! That was . . . oh wow!” Julie said while still gasping for air and panting. Her body was still shaking.

It shocked me a bit when Erin kissed me. When she broke the kiss, she showed me a smile and purred, “You did great.”

* * *

We all made our way back to Julie's place. She said she had something else special planned for us. 

On the bike ride back, I eased up next to Erin. "Do you have any idea what she's up to?" I said in a low voice.

"No clue," she giggled back softly. "Whatever it is," she added with a wink. "I'm sure you'll enjoy it. And so will I," she finished with an evil, yet playful grin. She then pedaled a bit faster to parallel Julie.

I could only imagine what they were talking about ahead of me. But Erin was right about one thing: Whatever happened I'm sure we'd both enjoy it.

We got back to Julie's place and stowed our bikes in the garage, then she invited us inside. "Come on in and make yourselves comfortable. Dad's off golfing today and mom's working a shift at the hospital, so we've got the place to ourselves."

Erin and I just kind of shuffled between the area that separated the living room and the kitchen.

"Do we need to be naked for this?" Erin called out with a chuckle as she winked at me.

"If you want," Julie laughed back from the kitchen. "I won't be offended. Oh where the fuck is it?" she added, but not to us. "Ah, there you are you shifty bastard."

My stomach was literally doing hula-hoops around my ass at this point. What the hell was she up to in there?

Erin, however, did not share my trepidation. She was already naked and spreading a towel on the sofa before sitting down. "What's the problem?" she winked at me.

I was about to stammer an answer when Julie appeared from the kitchen. "I'm glad to see someone is making themselves at home," she said when she saw Erin naked on the sofa. "What's your excuse?" she chided me.

We'd been through this kinda routine too many times for me to fall into the same trap again. "I don't have good answer," I sighed with a roll of my eyes. "So I won't give one that will get me laughed at."

Ironically enough both Julie and Erin laughed at that response. In an even bigger irony, so did I.

"Whatcha got there JD?" I asked as the laughter subsided and I noticed she was cradling something in her hands.

"Wine," she replied with a mischievous grin as she held the bottle aloft for us to see.

"Cool," Erin grinned from the sofa. "What's the occasion?"

"I wanna make a toast," Julie grinned at her. She looked over to me and handed me the bottle. "Can you put this on the coffee table?" she asked. "I'm gonna get glasses and a corkscrew."

I accepted the bottle even though I was hesitant. Before I could protest though she was already bouncing back into the kitchen.

"Hold up JD," I called after her. "You're not gonna get into any trouble swiping a bottle of your folks' wine are ya?"

"No," she called back. A moment later she was back with three wine-glasses and a corkscrew in her hands. "My dad hated this one. He said it's piss."

"So you're going to toast us with piss?" Erin giggled from the sofa as she twirled her hair between her fingers.

"I figured how the fuck would we know?" Julie laughed. She then scooted over to the coffee table. "Come on Tommy, enough with being bugged-eyed and slow! Get over here."

There was no way in hell I could say 'no' to her so I walked on over. In the few moments it took me to get to the coffee table Julie's shirt was already off and she was stepping out of her shorts.

She grabbed the bottle from my hand and giggled at me. "Don't be so modest."

I glanced over at Erin, but she just grinned and cocked an eye-brow at me. I sighed and began to get undressed.

"Well I'll be damned," Julie said as she examined the bottle.

"Now what's up?" I sighed playfully as I tossed my t-shirt to the floor.

"It's a twist top," she said in amazement. "Doesn't even need a corkscrew."

"My dad says there's been a shortage of cork around the world," Erin jumped in as she looked at the bottle. 

"Well," Julie chuckled as she twisted the top off. "What the hell."

She filled the three glasses on the coffee table then placed the bottle down and hoisted a glass to me, then one to Erin, before picking one up herself.

Julie leaned her head back and took a deep breath. Then she looked at the two of us and smiled as she hoisted her glass.

"To Tommy," she nodded at me. "And Erin," she turned and toasted her. "The two people who are my best friends in the world," she paused and almost seemed like she was about to tear up. "And the two people who have made me finally happy to be a girl."

Wow!

It took a second for that to fully sink in, but I got it. And I felt touched. I glanced over and saw Erin first place a hand to her chest and then draw it up to her mouth as she pulled her lips in.

"It was my honor and my privilege," I finally broke the silence, although my voice cracked a bit.

"Same here," Erin added, her voice also breaking a bit.

Julie's eyes welled up a bit as she looked at both of us. "Thanks.”

We all finally clinked our glasses together and each took a swig.

I was NOT a fan of this! I shivered with disgust as it went down. I glanced over at Julie and saw much the same.

"Oh god," Erin gagged. "Your dad is right! This is piss!" That made all three of us laugh.

"Speaking of piss," Erin said as she got to her feet, “I have to do just that.” And then she looked at me, “You wanna watch?”

I shot my eyes to Julie who showed me a daring look as she tipped her head in the direction of the bathroom. But when I hesitated, she got up and took my hand, pulling me toward the hallway. “C’mon. I’ll go with you.”

On the walk to the bathroom, while watching Erin’s naked hips sway from side to side, I had a profound thought: ‘If this is what my life has become, hanging out with two sexy girls and never knowing what they were going to come up with next, I should just hang on tight and enjoy the ride.’

* * *

The End
