Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 9

Madison opened her eyes on Thursday morning and sure enough the clock told her it was 15 minutes before her alarm. She stretched her arms up and then sat up. She felt really good, she felt like she had slept deep and hard, she didn’t even dream. She jumped out of bed and walked to the bathroom. After a nice hot shower, she wrapped a soft towel around her body and went back into her bedroom.

She opened her dresser drawer, and a pair of pretty green lace panties were on the top of the pile. She picked them up and the tag was still on them. She looked down and a matching green lace bra was sitting there. They were so pretty. She held them up, they were a little sheer and she was sure her nipples would show through but that would be behind her shirt so no one would see. She slipped on the panties and then the bra and looked in the mirror. She pulled off the tags.

She was right, she could plainly see her nipples behind the pretty lace and the bottoms were pretty much the same. It was not as obvious as her nipples but there was no imagination needed with these. She loved the way they fit, and the bra actually gave her a little bit of cleavage. She walked over to her closet. She decided to go old school today and pulled out a white shirt with buttons. She slipped it on, and it was thick enough to hide the bra. She buttoned it, leaving the top two open.

She pulled out her black pleated skirt and pulled it up her legs. She tucked in the shirt and zipped up the skirt. She fluffed out the shirt and she looked like your traditional schoolgirl. She grabbed a brush and sat at her desk. She started to brush and then Katie stopped in her doorway. She looked at her and smiled and the pretty girl walked into her room.

Katie took the brush from her and Madison closed her eyes. Katie started brushing the long dark hair. It was magical and so pretty. She loved long hair, she had it when she was younger but now, she wore it much shorter, long enough to flow over her shoulders but short enough to make it much easier to handle. She may have to grow it out now that she felt Madison’s smooth hair between her fingers. She brushed the wonderful hair for about 10 minutes.

“How are you feeling today, sweetie?” Katie asked.

“I feel great, I slept like a log and it was great. I was very tired.” Madison said.

“Yeah, Brad and I fell asleep at 8:30, I think we were all really tired.” Katie said.

“I talked to daddy last night. I really miss him.” Madison said.

“I know sweetie, it is hard, but he will be home soon.” Katie said.

“Yeah, but he is going to miss my meet this weekend.” Madison said and Katie heard her voice crack a little. She hugged the young girl and kissed the top of her head.

“I will be there to cheer you on, sweetheart.” Katie said.

“Thanks.” She said.

Katie finished brushing her hair and kissed her head again.

“See you downstairs.” Katie said and walked out.

Madison grabbed some white socks and sneakers started downstairs. Brad was taking a sip of coffee when he saw her waking down the stairs. She was a wet dream walking, the schoolgirl looks, the bare feet, the glorious long hair. He took a big drink.

“Good morning, Mr. Thompson.” Madison said as she sat on the ottoman, pulling on her socks.

He watched her put on her socks and shoes and he was amazed that she could be so sexy doing such a mundane thing.

“Good morning, Madison. Sleep well?” He asked.

“Yes, sir, it was nice. Do you still need my help today?” She said as she walked to the table.

“Yes, if you still feel up to it.” He said.

“Sure, it was fun yesterday. That man was funny, and we did good, right?” She said, taking a bit bite of toast.

“Yes, we did, and he was funny, wasn’t he?” Brad said and she giggled.

They both looked up to see Katie walking into the kitchen. She was wearing a pretty cotton dress with little straps that came a few inches above her knees. Madison was amazed again at how pretty she could be in the morning. All of her friend’s mothers looked like crap in the morning when she saw them after a sleepover.

“You look incredible this morning honey.” Brad said.

“Thank you, I haven’t worn this in a while.” She said and spun.

“I know, I missed it, I love it.” Brad said.

“I thought I would wear it today when I go for my pedicure.” She said.

“You will be very popular.” He said and she laughed.

“Yeah, everyone is gay there so not sure how popular I will be.” She said.

“Well, the girls will like it then.” He said.

“What is a pedicure?” Madison asked.

Katie looked at her with a strange expression.

“Oh my God, are you serious? You have never had one?” Katie said.

Madison shook her head.

“Well, that does it. You are coming with me. I can pick you up after school.” Katie said.

“I have to help Mr. Thompson today; we have a meeting at 5:00.” Madison said.

“Oh, I am so sorry Miss businesswoman, when is your calendar open?” Katie said and Madison laughed.

“She is free on Friday.” Brad said.

“Ok, it is done, I will pick you up at school on Friday. I will reschedule and we will take you to paradise.” Katie said.

Madison smiled and figured she would find out what it was on Friday, but it sounded great. She finished her toast and grabbed her backpack. She put her plate in the sink and kissed Mr. Thompson. She walked and stood in front of Katie. Katie put her hands on Madison’s hips and ran her hands down her legs. She then reached up and straightened her shirt. She unbuttoned the third button on her shirt and Madison looked down and saw the tops of her boobs showing. She thought it was pretty hot, but she wondered if the school would think so.

“I don’t know. I love it but you are still my princess, maybe not this one.” Katie said and buttoned the third button. Madison felt better, a lot of chest was still visible, but the tops of her boobs were not.

She looked up and Katie kissed her gently. She felt Katie pull her closer and she put her arm over her shoulder. She felt the soft skin of Katie’s shoulder. The kiss lasted long but yet was too short as Madison felt Katie pull back. She felt her body get warmer and then she hugged the girl.

“Have a good day, sweetheart.” Katie said to her hair as the girl hugged her.

“Thanks, I will. Mr. Thompson, remember Aaron has to pick me up from school today.” Madison said from Katie’s arms.

“Will do maam. Now get your butt to school.” He said.

“Yes sir.” She said and walked towards the door.

She walked out the door and towards the black car. She unbuttoned the third button before she climbed into the back seat.

“Good morning, Aaron.” She said and remembered his warm hands on her skin yesterday.

“Good morning, Miss Madison.” He said and remembered her soft skin under his hands yesterday.

They rode to her house as Aaron appreciated the third button in the rearview mirror. She opened the door, got out and then leaned back in. Aaron turned to see a pretty green lace bra and nice cleavage looking at him as she leaned into the car.

“Aaron, can you pick me up at school this afternoon? I have to be at the office at 5:00.” She said as he stared at her chest.

“Yes, maam. I will see you then.” He said.

“Thanks Aaron, have a great day.” She said and shut the door.

Aaron watched her walk towards the porch and remembered seeing her yesterday around the pool. That little body was remarkable. He rubbed his cock and put the car in gear as he saw her kneel down to pet the little dog. Lucky dog.

Roscoe licked on the girl’s legs as she ran her fingers over his body. She tasted great and he loved her smell. He felt her pick him up and he started tasting her ear and neck.

“Roscoe, I think Madison has already had a bath this morning.” Barry Jones said as he walked down the steps.

“It’s ok, Mr. Jones, I missed him yesterday. It is fine.” She said and hugged the little dog.

“Ok but let me know when you get tired of him licking all over you.” He said and wished he was Roscoe.

“How are you today?” Madison said.

“I am good, a little down on my Madison time the last few days but I will survive.” He said and smiled.

“Yeah, sorry, I have to get picked up at school again today, but I will try and get here early tomorrow morning so we can hang out on the swing.” She said.

“That would be lovely.” He said and took Roscoe from her, getting a nice view of her green lace bra as he looked down.

He stepped back and noticed her shirt was open enough to show a little cleavage. God, that was fucking hot. He tried to stay calm. She smiled at him and stepped up on the first step. She hugged him and he wrapped his left arm around her. She pulled back and kissed him on the lips. She held the kiss a little longer and he almost crumbled. She jumped down and started walking down his sidewalk.

“Have a great day, Mr. Jones.” She said and waved.

“You too, Madison.” He said as he struggled to breathe.

He watched her walk down the sidewalk, that little skirt dancing over her thighs. He could feel her lips still on his as he walked up the stairs. He sat on his swing and took a deep breath.

Madison buttoned her third button before she got to Sam’s house. She hugged her friend when she came out of her house and they walked to school, talking about very important schoolgirl things.

Practice was incredibly hard, and Madison stood under the hot shower. She noticed all the girls looked tired as well. She looked around and saw all the different shapes and sizes of girl. Most of them were slim and small like her. She noticed the senior girls were rounder and their boobs were way bigger. She also noticed their hips seemed bigger. She looked down at hers and she could tell they were a little round but not like the older girls.

She wrapped a towel around herself and walked to her locker. Sam was already getting dressed and she was pulling a pair of blue panties up her long legs. Madison saw her pull them up and her butt looked so good in them. She really wanted to just run her hands all over it. She stood in front of her locker and dropped her towel on the bench.

“Damn, you are fine.” She heard her friend.

“Please, not as fine as you.” Madison said and pulled out her panties.

“True. Hey, are those new? They are awesome.” Sam said and grabbed the panties.

“Yeah, the Thompsons bought them for me.” She said.

“I want some Thompsons.” Sam said and handed her panties back.

Madison laughed and slipped them on. She put on the bra and reached for her shirt.

“Fuck, they are hotter on. I may want to make out with you if you get any hotter.” Sam said.

“Ok.” Madison said and started buttoning her shirt. She heard her friend laugh but she was not laughing.

They finished dressing and walked out of the school. The big black car was waiting. They walked up to it.

“Your chariot awaits, rock star.” Sam said.

“You are funny, I will see you in the morning.” She said and hugged her friend.

She climbed into the car and looked back at Sam standing on the sidewalk.

“Aaron, can we take my friend home on the way to the office and still make it on time?” Madison said.

“Absolutely, Miss Madison.” Aaron said.

She held the door open and looked at her friend.

“Get in goofball.” Madison said and Sam jumped in the car and shut the door.

“Sam, this is Aaron. Aaron this is Sam.” Madison said.

“Nice to meet you Miss Samantha.” Aaron said as he looked at the pretty blonde with the long legs.

Aaron saw she was wearing a tank top and little jean shorts. She was cute as fuck. Where are all these little hotties coming from?

“Nice to meet you Aaron.” Sam said and punched her friend.

Madison opened the compartment in front of her and handed her friend a cold bottle of water. She watched Sam take a big drink and she loved the way her neck moved as she swallowed. They sat in the soft leather and giggled most of the way to Sam’s house. They stopped in the street in front of her house and Madison hugged her friend again.

“Thanks for the ride, rock star. Nice to meet you Aaron.” Sam said and scrambled out of the car.

“See you in the morning.” She said to Madison and shut the door.

Aaron put the car in gear as he watched a fine little ass walk up the sidewalk to her house. He pulled away, hoping that was not the last time he would see that one.

Madison watched her friend walk onto her porch and then leaned back and closed her eyes. She loved this car and almost fell asleep before they got to the office. Aaron parked and they walked together across the garage, into the elevator, and across the floor towards Alex’s desk. Alex was standing in front of her desk, talking to another girl. This girl was almost as pretty as Alex. Did Mr. Thompson only hire pretty girls? She thought about it for a minute and figured that was a stupid question.

“Hi Madison, how are you?” Alex asked.

“Good, tired from practice but ok.” She said.

“This is Anna.” Alex said, motioning to the other girl.

“Hi Anna, I am Madison.” She said and held out her hand.

“Oh, I know who you are. Our little good luck charm. Got an impossible account signed on her first day. You are a rock star. She is precious Alex.” Anna said and shook Madison’s hand.

“Right? Madison, he is waiting for you.” Alex said.

“Thanks, nice meeting you Anna.” She said and thought it was funny she said the same thing as Sam but for very different reasons.

She turned and hugged Aaron, her head against his stomach. She felt his arms wrap around her. She stepped back.

“Thanks Aaron, see you tomorrow?” She said and walked towards the office.

“Yes, Miss Madison.” He said.

She walked into the office and closed the door. Alex and Anna looked at Aaron. He shrugged. They all understood.

“See you later Alex. Goodbye, Mr. Aaron.” Anna said in a little girl voice.

“Fuck you Anna.” He said softly.

“Tomorrow.” She said, smiled and walked away.

Alex leaned over and whispered to him.

“I need your cock inside me.” She said and he smiled.

“Wait in conference room B, Johnson and his lawyer should be here in a few minutes. After they go in, I will meet you. Do not be gentle today, Mr. Aaron.” She said and walked back around her desk.

He watched that fine ass as she went around the desk. He headed to conference room B.

Madison walked up to Mr. Thompson’s desk and he looked up.

“What do you want me to wear today?” She said.

“I think what you have on is perfect. Maybe the third button?” He said, she unbuttoned it and he smiled.

“Who are we meeting today?” She said.

“Mr. Johnson and his slimy lawyer. Mr. Johnson is the decision maker, so you don’t have to pay any attention to the lawyer. Make sure Mr. Johnson is happy and I will take care of the rest.” He said.

“Got it boss.” She said and sat in the big chair. He picked up the phone and gave some instructions.

Alex came into the office and walked right over to her. She had a brush in her hand and Madison smiled. She closed her eyes as Alex brushed her hair. When she finished she reached up and felt two ponytails.

“Thanks Alex.” Madison said.

“My pleasure, sweetie, you have lovely hair.” Alex said.

“Thanks.” Madison answered.

“Boss, how is this?” Alex said and stepped aside.

Brad looked at a cute little schoolgirl with two long ponytails and he thought it was perfect.

“Perfect, thank you Alex. You can bring Johnson in as soon as they get here.” He said.

“Got it boss.” She said and left.

“She is very pretty.” Madison said.

“Yes, she is.” Brad said.

“Have you done that thing to her?” Madison said and Brad laughed.

“Well, no, but Katie has, and it was fabulous to watch.” Brad said.

“Really? I bet that would be nice.” She said.

Madison heard his phone buzz and she heard Alex’s voice. She got up and stood beside him behind the desk. She saw Alex walk in followed by two men. The first one was large, he was tall, and his belly was really big. She saw the buttons toward the bottom of his shirt struggling to hang on. He had on a suit top and dress pants. His clothes seemed nice, but she could not take her eyes off those struggling buttons. The man behind him was much smaller. He was very thin with wire glasses. His hair was dark and looked to be wet. It was shiny and combed back. His clothes were also nice, but he needed to be bigger to make them look better. She thought it was funny that they were so different.

The big man sat in the chair in the front and the little man sat in the chair next to him. She saw the big man run his hand across Alex’s butt before she left. The big man watched her walk away and then turned to face them. He looked right at her and smiled.

“How are you today, Johnson?” Mr. Thompson said.

“Good, and you Thompson?” The big man said as he stared at Madison.

“I am good. We are anxious to resume our negotiations.” Mr. Thompson said.

“The current terms are unacceptable. The price per unit is way too high and the terms are too long, our board will never accept anything longer than 2 years.” The little man said. The big man said nothing and continued to look at Madison.

“Yes, I am very aware. That is a good starting point. Johnson, I need to introduce you to my intern. This is Madison.” Mr. Thompson said and looked at Madison.

Madison walked around the desk, past the little man and stood in front of the big man. His mouth hung open a bit as he looked at this cute little package. Her white shirt and pleated skirt were the thing of dreams and those little white socks and sneakers completed the look. Her legs were fabulous but the thing that was drawing his eyes was the hint of cleavage visible over the shirt. It was dramatic and made his cock hard instantly.

“Nice to meet you Mr. Johnson.” Madison said and held out her hand.

“Nice to meet you sweetheart.” Johnson said and grabbed her tiny hand with his beefy one. She felt like her hand was swallowed in his.

“Madison is helping me with my special accounts. I hope we can get to something we all can be happy with.” Thompson said as he watched Johnson drink her in with his eyes. He was still holding onto her hand.

“I am sure we can work something out and I am looking forward to the negotiations. How old are you baby girl?” Johnson said, still holding the little hand.

“I am 14, sir.” She said and his heart skipped. She was a year younger than his Catherine. She was a little prettier as well.

“That is a wonderful age, innocent but oh so very aware. Are you an athlete, sweetie?” He said, finally releasing her hand.

“Yes, sir, I run track.” She answered.

“Great, what events?” He said. His Catherine played soccer, he loved watching her play in those little shorts with those beautiful legs. This one looked like she had nice legs but the view over that shirt was mesmerizing.

“Right now, I only run the 5K, I am only a freshman.” She said.

“Wow, that is a tough event. Come over here and sit on Poppa’s lap and we can talk about track.” He said, patting his leg.

Madison noticed Mr. Thompson smiling and she knew they were doing good. She climbed onto the big man’s lap and she was leaning against the big belly. He touched her right knee and ran his hand up to her thigh. She stayed calm.

“Wonderful legs. Now, Thompson, what are your proposing?” Johnson said as he rubbed the powerful young thigh.

“Ok, I was thinking I can offer you a 5% discount on the price in exchange for a 4-year deal.” Mr. Thompson said and watched Johnson move his hand to her chest and unbutton the next button.

“I am not sure that will be enough, and our board will never accept 4 years.” The little man said as Johnson unbuttoned another button. Thompson saw all of her green lace bra now.

“If you do the numbers on the locked in 5% over time you will see that it actually gives you an 8% reduction in costs if the numbers continue.” Thompson said as he watched Johnson’s hand move inside her shirt. He saw him gently massaging her breasts. Madison was smiling and staying remarkably calm.

“That is not accurate, the cost to expense ratio does not warrant that type of return.” The little man said as Johnson worked on the clasp of her bra.

“I am sure if you work through the numbers, you will see what I see.” Mr. Thompson said, and he watched Johnson conquer the clasp and the bra separated. He saw the big beefy hand move in and surround a young breast.

“Thompson, I assure you, I have worked through the numbers.” The little man said.

“Simmons, shut up!” The big man said as he held onto a perfectly formed breast.

“Sir, with all due respect, this deal is not good, you are being distracted.” The little man said.

“Simmons, you are right, this is a very nice little tit, and I am very distracted by this little beauty sitting on my lap but this is my company and I will decide what deal is good. I suggest you sit tight unless you want to discuss the supply of young boys that keep you distracted.” Johnson said as he continued to massage a firm little boob.

The little man stopped talking and just sat there silently. Johnson moved his hand to the other breast and looked at Thompson.

“I think we can work with that, the numbers seem soft, but I am sure Simmons can firm them up and make them work for us and I will handle our board on the length of the deal.” Johnson said and pinched a cute little nipple.

Madison flinched a little as he pinched her nipple. His hands were big, but they were relatively soft and felt nice on her breasts. She looked at Mr. Thompson and he looked very happy. She felt the old man run his hand over her tummy and then back up to her breasts. Her nipples were stiff from the attention and she thought the big man was happy about that. He kept touching and pinching them.

“Great, I will have Alex draw up the papers.” Mr. Thompson said and picked up the phone.

He put down the phone after giving instructions.

“Alex will be done in 10 minutes.” Mr. Thompson said.

“Great, Simmons, go out there and wait for them.” Johnson said.

The little man got up and walked out. The big man held onto her breast.

“Thompson, I have enjoyed your negotiations immensely. I am impressed that you can think out of the box.” Johnson said and moved his hand down to her leg.

“Thank you, Johnson, but Madison is the star here. I am sure you would not be as pleased with my leg.” Mr. Thompson said, and they all laughed.

“You are right, thank you sweet Madison. You are incredible.” Johnson said and ran his hand up her thigh.

Thompson saw the big hand go up the firm thigh and under the skirt. He saw Madison close her eyes. He saw the big hand rubbing on her thigh as her skirt was pulled up. He watched Johnson slide his hand farther up and touch her panties. Madison stayed calm and kept her eyes closed. Good girl.

Johnson had never felt anything so soft and firm as this little one’s thighs. He had felt Catherine but never like this. He moved his fingers up and touched her lace panties. He could feel her heat. He ran his finger across her panties, and he was in paradise. He moved his hand down to her thigh again and then back up to her wonderful tits. They were exactly a handful and on her little body they looked fucking amazing. He especially loved the stiff little nipples. He had not gotten a chance to feel Catherine’s nipples, how he hoped that would happen one day.

“So little one, tell me about your track team.” Johnson said as he massaged her tits.

“It is my first year on the team and we are ok. We won our last meet, so our coach was really happy.” She said.

“That is awesome, good for you.” Johnson said and twisted a little nipple between his beefy fingers.

“Madison is being humble. Her team won the meet because she won her race against the defending district champ.” Brad said and Madison opened her eyes and looked at him.

“Really, I am not surprised. Your body is remarkable, little girl. So strong but so soft. You should be really proud of these boobs; they are very nice.” Johnson said.

“Thank you, sir.” Madison said.

Johnson felt his cock lurch, this little angel was thanking him for feeling her up. She was quite the girl. He heard the door open, and he saw Simmons returning, contract in hand. Simmons dropped it on the desk and sat in his chair.

“Sir, can I get up for a minute?” Madison asked the big man.

“Certainly baby.” He said and she hopped off his lap.

She walked over and noticed Alex had put her little notes on where to sign. She took a pen from the holder and turned to the big man.

“Mr. Johnson, you have to sign right here.” She said and held out the pen.

“Thompson, she is incredible.” Johnson said and stood up slowly.

“Yes, she is Johnson.” Brad said and thought her boobs looked very cute just sitting there behind the open shirt.

Johnson took the pen and signed the first page. She turned the pages, and he watched her young tits jiggle as she worked. She looked up at him and smiled as she held her finger on the third page. Johnson signed and watched her tits again. She flipped more pages and then pointed again. He signed again.

“All done.” Madison said and slid the contract over to Mr. Thompson.

“Thank you, Madison.” Brad said and gathered up the papers.

“Simmons, wait for me at the car.” The big man said and continued to stare at Madison.

She saw the little man get up quickly and leave the room. The big man grabbed her and sat her on the desk. He stepped between her legs and pulled her shirt out of her skirt. He pulled it off her shoulders and left it on her arms. He leaned over and kissed a nipple.

“Thompson, she is something else. I would be willing to discuss a larger contract or an extension if you keep your negotiation process the same.” Johnson said and sucked on a nipple.

“Yes, we would be willing to discuss that as soon as you are ready.” Mr. Thompson said.

“I will let you know; I also assume the intensity of the negotiations would be in line with the size of the contract.” Johnson said and ran his beefy hands over both of her breasts.

“That is an appropriate assumption.” Mr. Thompson said.

“That sounds great, it will take me a little while to whip the board in shape. I will be in touch.” Johnson said.

“I totally understand. We will be looking forward to your call.” Mr. Thompson said.

Johnson looked at the young girl and she was fucking cute as shit with her shirt around her arms and her little tits just sitting there. He moved his hands to her legs and ran them up her strong legs, pushing her skirt up farther. He stepped back and tried to burn the image into his brain.

Madison looked at the big man and he had that look in his eyes. She saw something else as well, something darker than she had not seen in her other older men. She watched him step back and then turn and walk towards the door.

“Enjoyed doing business with you Thompson, I will be in touch.” He said and walked out of the door.

Brad walked around the desk and looked at Madison. She looked a little confused, but he was amazed at how good she looked in this position. He shook his head and pulled her shirt back onto her shoulders. He grabbed her bra and hooked the clasp. He started buttoning the shirt, leaving the top three open as before. He pulled down her skirt.

“Thank you, Madison, you were amazing again.” Brad said and hugged her.

“Thank you, what did that man mean by what he said?” She asked.

“He was talking about wanting to actually come back again and sign an even bigger contract.” He said.

“That is good, right?” She asked.

“Yes, sweetheart, that is very good. You are the reason he wants to come back.” He said and she smiled.

“You are starting to have quite an impact on the company, and your daddy will love it.” He said.

“How will daddy love it?” She asked, not really sure her daddy would have approved of today.

“Let’s talk about what these contracts mean. Because you are helping with them, I am putting your daddy as the salesman on these deals. He will get money from each of them, the bigger the contract the more he gets. Does that make sense?” He asked and she nodded.

“This contract was larger than the one yesterday?” She asked.

“Yes, sweetheart, it was. Your daddy will make a lot of money on today’s contract.” He said.

He watched her and he saw the comprehension in her eyes.

“Mr. Johnson did seem a little more aggressive than Mr. Jenkins. When is our next meeting?” She asked.

“Monday.” He said.

“Is it bigger than the one today?” She asked.

“Yes, it is much bigger.” He said and he saw her start to process that.

“Are you ok with that?” He asked, giving her an opportunity.

“Yes, I want to help you and daddy. He is very happy right now and I want to do anything I can to help him stay happy. So, you have to keep teaching me so we can sign bigger contracts.” She said.

“Yes, maam.” He said and she smiled.

She jumped down off the desk and tucked in her shirt. He looked at her and she was his sweet little schoolgirl again. He took her hand and they walked out of the office.

They walked in the house and Katie was in the kitchen. Madison dropped her backpack and went into the kitchen, walking into a nice boob hug. She held onto Katie.

“Hi sweetheart, how was school?” Katie asked and Madison pulled her head from the softness.

“Good, but coach worked us really hard again to get ready for the meet. I guess that girl I beat will be there again. She will be ready this time, she will probably smoke me.” Madison said.

“No way, no one smokes our little track star. You beat her once, and she knows it. You can beat her again.” Katie said and mussed up her hair.

Madison laughed and felt proud. She said some of the same stuff her daddy would say. She hugged her again.

“Thank you.” Madison said.

Katie looked at Brad and he shrugged.

“How did the meeting go with Johnson?” She asked.

“Four-year deal, signed and delivered.” He said.

“Four years? You said they wouldn’t go more than two.” She said.

“Ask our star salesman.” He said.

“Good girl. You are something special.” Katie said and squeezed her a little tighter.

Madison felt the pride run through her again.

“You guys go get ready for dinner. I cooked tonight; I hope you are ready for that.” Katie said.

Brad looked at her and she smiled. He could not remember the last time she had cooked a meal. Cooking was not the reason he married her. He went up the stairs to change clothes, Madison following close behind.

He changed into a t-shirt and shorts and walked back to the kitchen. Madison was helping to set the table and she was wearing a short t-shirt and some very short jean shorts. The shorts hugged her hips and butt nicely and were short enough that the pockets were longer than the shorts. He also noticed her shirt was not actually tight but snug enough to allow her boobs to move freely. It was obvious that she was not wearing a bra and he was happy in his pants for that.

They sat down to dinner and enjoyed a very good spaghetti dinner. He was sort of taken aback that Katie had made it, it was very good. He saw Madison lean back and hold her tummy.

“Katie, that was the best spaghetti I have ever had.” She said.

“Thank you, sweetheart.” Katie said, her chest swelling with pride.

“Yes, honey, that was amazing. You can make that again any time you want.” Brad said.

“Maybe I will. Mrs. Golden was happy to have the night off and I thought I would take a shot. I am glad you guys liked it.” She said.

“Madison, do you have any homework?” Katie said.

“Yeah, a little. It should not take long.” She said.

“Ok, you run up and get it done and then come down and we will watch a movie.” Katie said.

“Do you need help cleaning up?” Madison asked.

“Nope, Mr. Thompson can help me.” Katie said.

“Ok, I will be down in a jiffy. Get the popcorn ready.” She said and scampered up the stairs.

Katie and Brad both watched her bare feet climb the stairs two at a time.

“So, what did Johnson do to her?” Katie asked.

“He was pretty intense. I know he was thinking of his granddaughter the whole time. He unbuttoned her shirt and undid her bra. He played with her tits throughout the entire discussion. He also ran his hand up under her skirt, I am pretty sure he was rubbing on her pussy.” He said.

“Oh my God, how did she react?” She said.

“She sat on his lap and stayed calm. She even jumped off and walked him through signing the contract with her boobs hanging out. It was incredibly hot.” Brad said.

“How is she able to do these things and stay so sweet and innocent?” She asked.

“I don’t have any idea. Johnson also said he wanted to sign a bigger contract if our negotiations were the same. He asked if the intensity would increase in proportion to the contract.” Brad said.

“Oh, shit, what does that mean?” She said.

“I think he will expect more. If we do go after Barr, he will expect a lot more for his 18 million.” He said.

“Brad, what are you going to do?” She said.

“I am not sure right now. To be honest, I was hoping she would influence a couple of the old perverts, but I never expected her to perform this well.” He said.

Katie picked up some dishes and walked into the kitchen. He picked up some more and followed her. She looked up at him.

“We have to be very careful; I do not want her to be a whore. This is fun and exciting, but you stop it if it goes too far.” She said and he nodded.

“Also, you need to get her daddy here for the meet on Saturday. Fly him in on the early flight and you can send him back early Sunday. He won’t miss any training, and she will be over the moon.” She said.

“Yes, maam.” He said.

“And do not even think of using her tomorrow, we are going for a pedicure.” She said.

“Yes, maam.” He said.



