
Mary At Night

Written by Jappio   
Wednesday, 19 August 2009 00:00
It had been couple of weeks since camp. Mary really didn't do a whole lot afterwards. Julie and Jenny both were busy or something, so they weren't around to make her do anything. Mary would often think about the events at camp and on the way back; she really couldn't forget it.
Around the house, when she was sure her parents were gone, she would close all the windows and run around undressed. She would start off slow though, merely walking around in her underwear. She ventured the rooms like this for a bit, and then she would take off her bra and continue. Eventually she would than remove her panties. She would say to herself, "I'm actually enjoying this." She wasn't quite comfortable with it fully though, and didn't really find herself just sitting on the couch watching TV too often. She considered going outside, but quickly dismissed the idea. Without the two girls around, she really couldn't push herself.
One hot night, she found herself unable to sleep. It was much too warm that night. She was in a gray boring t shirt, some black cotton shorts, and a pair of sky blue panties. She was so bothered by the warmth. She tried getting up and getting a drink, but it was no good.
Back in her bed she couldn't stand it anymore. After checking to make sure her door was closed, she removed the shorts from her. She knew her parents were sound asleep by then. After getting back into bed she did feel much better now that she had less on. She still wasn't tired though. She felt bored, and restless; she needed to do something.
Then like fate, her phone started to ring. She quickly got out of the bed and went to it. Realizing though as she was answering it she no longer had her shorts on. She wasn't use to being dressed like this, so she was fidgety as she asked who was on the other end.
"Hey, glad you're up. It's me, Julie, and Jenny is here too. We were thinking of maybe coming and picking you up, having some fun."
"What, now? It's almost midnight," Mary responded.
"Yeah, why not. We could have a lot of fun. Here, we'll come to talk to you right now. You're in your bedroom?" Julie asked.
"Yes, sure, just let me throw something," but before she could finished they hung up. Mary now looked around the room to find her discarded shorts. Before that could happen though Jenny was knocking on her window. Mary really couldn't just leave her waiting there so she went over to the window, made sure her shirt was covering up, and opened up the window.
"Oh, I hope we didn't wake you or anything," Jenny said noticing the way Mary was dressed.
"Oh, no it's OK, I wasn't able to get to sleep, I'm not tired," Mary explained.
"Great, so come on out, we can go have some fun then, that should make you sleepy," Jenny said as she motioned her to climb out the window.
"Let me get a little more decent, I couldn't go out in this. It's embarrassing enough you caught me in just this," Mary said as she turned to go look for something to put on.
"In just that, you are dressed plenty much," Jenny said as she reached in and flipped up the back of Mary's shirt, revealing her pantied butt. Mary quickly tugged her shirt down, turning red due to Jenny's giggling. "Scratch that, you're dressed more than enough. If you really consider that something embarrassing to be caught in, me and Julie have a lot more work to do."
"I can't go out on the town like this Jenny. I need to at least get pants," Mary argued.
"Oh, its not like we're going to a club anything. With this warm night that is the way to dress. Also we were thinking this wouldn't be a normal hang out time. We were thinking we'd have THAT kind of fun if you know what I mean," Jenny said, once again motioning for Mary to come out.
"Oh, but, in just this... We aren't going anywhere risky? I don't' know if I want to walk out in the front yard like this, much less anywhere else."
"It'll be fine, Julie is parked out there right now. We won't do anything you don't want to try anyways. Remember, we're pros at this, we know how to handle this," Jenny explained.
Mary stopped to think for a second. The last time she had done this kind of thing, it left her pretty embarrassed and scared. Yet at the same time it was fun and exciting, she did want to try more of it, but she didn't think she would be picked up at night for some of this 'training'. Mary saw Jenny's face though, and she seemed really excited to try this. She checked down and saw the shirt was pretty long. Even with the shorts, half the time you couldn't see them. She was for the most part decent.
She peaked out the window, making sure no one else was standing around. Mary took a deep breath and climbed out the window. She probably gave Jenny a great look at her panties. When she was finally fully out of the window, and seeing the huge grin on Jenny's face, she knew she probably saw.
Mary was already nervous. She felt plenty undressed. With only a t shirt and panties it didn't feel like she was wearing much. The warm night air didn't send chills through her, but there was a breeze she could feel go up the shirt and on her thighs. She thought then about the shirt and what would happen if her nipples got hard. She tried to put the thought out of her head though, it would probably make the ideas come true.
Jenny was already walking out towards the front yard. They were at the side of the house, and it was mostly concealed. The neighbors house was hidden behind a fence, and the only way people would be seeing in was from Mary's room or the road. On the road Mary could see Julie sitting in the car. Mary took a deep breath and then quickly walked out into the front yard. All the neighbor's lights were off, and the street had no one but Julie and Jenny. That time of night Mary's neighborhood was pretty quiet. Jenny and Mary both got into the car, and they drove off right away.
Mary was already plenty excited and scared from just the short walk. She hadn't even really comprehended she was in a moving vehicle yet, and she didn't even know where.
"Hey there, just get out of bed or something?" Julie asked looking at how Mary was dressed.
"Jenny said I was fine this way," Mary said getting afraid that maybe Jenny tricked her.
"It's fine, look at how I'm dressed," Julie said. Mary looked up into the front seat. Julie seemed to be in the same state of dress as Mary. Then though Jenny reached over and pulled the shirt up to Julie's tummy.
Mary gasped, "You're not even wearing panties!" Mary was partially in disbelief.
"Well of course, you can't be the only one having fun," Julie said as Jenny let go of the shirt, Julie not bothering to straighten, leaving a lot of her legs showing.
Mary thought for a second, maybe she was safe. If Julie was in even less dress, it must mean they wouldn't do anything too crazy. But Mary remembered that the two of them were suppose to be pretty experienced in this, and that her being partially undressed didn't mean anything. Jenny though was wearing shorts and a pretty short top showing off her stomach. Both looked like they too just got out of bed.
"I'm almost afraid to ask, but what are we going to do?" Mary said, as she sat back, waiting to hear what.
"Oh, we aren't fully sure. We might just do a few quick runs some places. We'll see what we come up with," Jenny explained as they continued to drive through the night.
"Hey, Mary, hand up your shirt for a sec," Jenny commanded Mary. Mary was caught off guard a bit, and didn't do it right away. "Oh come on now, its night time, its plenty safe," she said. This time Mary peeled the shirt off of her, leaving her in just her panties. Shortly after that though, the car came to a halt.
"OK Mary, you can come with us or not, but you don't have to of course if you don't want to. I'm in the mood for a quick walk, you'll have to come as you are if you want to see," Julie said with a wink as she got out with Jenny. Jenny still had Mary's shirt. Mary looked out the window with her eyes wide as Julie took off her shirt. Julie was now there, naked in the night. Mary couldn't quite see too well since it was too dark, but could tell she had nothing on now. Noticing the vacantness of the road, Mary decided to step out for a moment. She hid from the road by hiding by the car and looked as Julie and Jenny started walking off, as if nothing bothered them.
Mary looked both ways down the road. She felt way too vulnerable standing there by herself. She had to follow the other two and see Julie do this. Quickly catching up, she walked along with the two, Jenny holding most of the clothes.
Mary felt nervous most of the time, specially with herself in just a pair of panties, yet seeing Julie do it fully naked kept her plenty distracted.
They arrived at the entrance of a park, Jenny and Julie walked right in. Mary was hesitant to follow in, but knew she wasn't going to go back or wait out front, so she followed. She knew that she did have a choice in these adventures, but Jenny and Julie knew how to make it seem as if she didn't.
Jenny stopped though when she saw a couple sitting on a bench, enjoying the night sky. They had yet to even notice the three people approaching, two of them awfully exposed. "Julie, Mary, get your shirts on," She said as she handed the shirts back. After being covered again Julie gave Jenny some kind of nod.
"We're going to go walk by these people, and don't worry, you're plenty covered," Jenny explained as they started walking down the path. Mary noticed the path was lit, and she wasn't 100% content with it. Seeing Julie doing it with even less on made her able to through with it.
As they were passing the couple though, Julie made a sudden move. She found her way behind Jenny and quickly yanked down Jenny's shorts. In an instant Mary could see Jenny's pert butt bathed in the overhead light. She then realized what a view the people on the bench were seeing.
Jenny tensed up for a moment. Shock came over her as she suddenly let out a slight scream. Julie just laughed as she continued to pull the the shorts down to her ankles. She struggled for a moment and wiggled her legs. She then turned towards Mary. Her face was red with embarrassment and distress. With her legs now tangled in her shorts partially, she reached down to try and pull them up. Mary watched in awe as she thought of the view from behind. She was bent at the waste, practically bottomless, the couple were probably getting a great view.
It didn't end yet though. Jenny struggled but soon toppled over onto the grass as Julie got the shorts over her feet. She waved them in the air in triumph and then started to run off with them. Jenny sat up a bit, still with shock on her face. She covered up her exposed self and got up. She held one hand loosely over her pussy, and ran. Mary watched as her and her jiggling butt chased Julie. Julie ran circles around the bench and Mary, laughing the whole time, Jenny thoroughly embarrassed now. Julie threw the shorts to Mary, which Mary was lucky to catch. Mary didn't know what to do with them. Julie said something to the extent of run, but Jenny got up to Mary. Mary could just feel how embarrassed Jenny must have been, she quickly handed over the shorts to her.
"Thank you so much Mary!" Jenny said as she got the shorts back on quickly. She looked back at the couple on the bench, in just as much shock as Mary. They both had amused looks too though, almost chuckling. Jenny was still red in the face. "Thanks a lot Julie, why the hell did you have to go and do that, oh man that was just cruel. I can't believe you!" Jenny yelled as she hid her face in her hands and ran off, Mary followed, leaving Julie there saying something about not being such a prune.
"Oh my god Jenny, I'm so sorry, that must have been horrible," Mary said, rubbing her back as they were walking out of site of the couple now. Mary felt really bad for her, she knew she would have felt humiliated after something like that.
"You better be sorry. That was such a good run too," Jenny said as she seemed to be making a complete 180 turn in her attitude. She still was red in the face with embarrassment, but she seem more happy and full of energy.
"Wait, what do you mean?" Mary says getting really confused.
"Well you seem to forget fast, and are bad at taking a hint," Julie said as she emerged from the nearby trees.
"Julie, how could you do that awful thing to Jenny!" Mary yelled at her, angrily.
"It's OK Mary. She did exactly as I wanted her to, she got the hint before," Jenny explained to Mary, who now had a confused look on her face. "You should know I like doing stunts like that."
"That was a stunt, you had that planned the whole time?" Mary asked.
"Not exactly. Julie here is allowed to do that kind of thing to me anytime she wants. Just as long as its not like around the wrong people. She doesn't need any cue or 'OK' to do it either, but I noticed the perfect place to do it before her I guess," Jenny explained.
"In my defense, I was enjoying my nude stroll, I wasn't quite thinking about looking for an audience for you," Julie said.
"Oh, always so selfish, always about you," Jenny sarcastically argued.
"Well it seemed way too real, next time warn me," Mary requested.
"Sure, but make sure to help a bit too, giving me my pants back so soon isn't necessary, but I thank you for the kind gesture," Jenny said.
Looking back, Julie checked to see if anyone was around. "OK, back to business." She said as she removed her shirt, leaving her naked once again. "Mary, you'll join me again, right?"
"Oh, but with the two people here?" Mary said, worried they could show up any time.
"Nah, after that little show, they left the other way," Julie explained. Mary decided to go with it and soon Jenny had both shirts. Jenny then though went up next to Mary. "How about you join me all the way," Julie suggested coyly.
Mary wasn't too sure about this idea. Mary though felt something wiggle its way into the back of her panties. Julie had slipped a finger right under the waistband of her underwear, it was resting right along the crack of her butt.
"Come on now, you know you like this," She said, wiggling the back of her panties down a just a tad. Mary really couldn't say much though, she was too concentrated on the finger. The light lingering touch it gave, it was so sensuous. "I said admit it, you like this."
"I don't know what you are talking about," Mary said with a little short of breath.
"You know, this!" Julie said as she pulled the panties down even more, wiggling her finger even more now.
Mary was starting to stand on tippy toes. The feeling was driving her mad. She felt so odd, another woman was giving her such a crazy feeling. "I do, I mean, no I don't, no this is weird," She said again is a gasp.
"You said you liked this before though, a change of heart perhaps?" She said as pulled the panties down far enough show off her butt behind, and to show off some hairs in front. "You seem awfully confused, I really thought you liked getting naked."
Mary than realized she wasn't talking about the finger. Was Julie not actually trying to send any sexual messages? Mary suddenly felt very guilty. "Oh um, yeah I do like it, just sort of hard to admit, ya know?" She said with a forced giggle. Before she knew it though the panties were now guided down to the ground. Mary was too distracted at first to have noticed the stripping, she now felt almost like screaming at the shock. She looked around quickly and saw where they were standing on the path, not too far from the lights, she felt really exposed.
"Do we have to keep standing here, someone could come at anytime?" Mary asked looking around in all directions.
"Ok, let me get these, I'll be back with the car, that should give you two plenty of time to have fun," Jenny said as she snatched the panties that were on the ground.
"Ohh, don't take the clothes with you," Mary said, getting afraid of what could happen.
"It will be fine, knowing you, you'll just hide in the trees, should be safe enough," Jenny said as she walked out of the park to get the car. Mary just stood, almost angry. She though knew she was right, and she quickly darted for the trees and stood away from the light, Julie walked over casually.
"You know its pretty low risk this time of night. Also if anyone catches you it's not the end of the world," Julie tried letting Mary know. "You've done worse."
"It was easier then, we weren't so close to home," Mary said, feeling sort of bad and disappointed in herself.
"Ok, how about this for some push, I DARE you to go out and spin around the light pole a few times," Julie dared Mary.
"I don't know..." Mary said thinking about it. She thought about her going out, naked and under the light, in plain view, no cover nearby. She could feel herself starting to get wet just at the idea. She wasn't sure though, she wanted more from it. "I'll do it, but you have to do a dare from me, anything I say."
"If it's within reason, sure. I have to hear it first," Julie said smiling.
"Ok, I dare you to go to the light too, but you have to do a pole dance," Mary said, hoping to see Julie squirm at the idea.
"Sounds good, I guess I could give you your own private show." Julie said winking.
"Um no, its not that I, it's just I thought it would be embarrassing or something. I mean someone could come while you were," Mary tried explaining, getting red in the face.
"Oh I'm sure no one will come, no reason to get embarrassed, only you'll be seeing, and I'll be seeing you naked up there first anyways," Julie said as she nodded her head as a sign for Mary to go. Mary slowly stepped forward. Julie then gave a quick pat on Mary's butt to get her moving. Blushing Mary quickly squirried off to the light. She didn't waste time though, she quickly started doing a few circles around it.
She started to get in a daze. She couldn't believe she was doing this. Out in the middle of the park, fully naked and circling around the very bright light. Julie was probably staring at her nude form, all of it. She brought her hands up to her nipples and lightly rubbed them real quick. They were hard and sensitive. She knew not to reach down and touch between her legs, she knew what it might lead to.
After about 20 circles, she was getting dizzy and too nervous to stay. She returned quickly next to Julie.
"See, not too hard, now watch and learn," Julie said as she quickly took Mary's place at the pole. She started to sway her hips. "I sort of wish I had clothes just so I could strip out of them, would make this not feel so weird," Julie shouted back to Mary. Mary just stood in awe watching Julie.
Julie was quite beautiful, and Mary had to admit watching her was quite erotic. Julie danced and swerved around the pole. She would rub it up against her body, between her breast and butt cheeks. She would squat and unsquat. She wasn't the perfect pole dancer, but she was still plenty sexy. Mary almost let a hand wander too far. Mary though looked around to see if anyone had caught her at all. That is when she saw Jenny standing at the park entrance, walking toward Julie.
"Well, what did I miss here, hope it wasn't anything too fun?" Jenny said as Julie stopped.
"Oh nothing much, you should have seen Mary, she went and did a few spins around this thing. See, she isn't too much of a stick in the mud."
"I never thought she was, just trying to rile her up. Mary, why don't you come on down by us," Jenny asked.
Mary didn't see the point in hiding anymore, she felt safe enough, especially if the other two were there. She approached them and noticed how her clothes weren't with Jenny.
"We should get to the car and go to our next stop," Jenny said as she and Julie headed off, Mary quickly followed.
"Where are we going next?" Mary asked, getting worried that they still weren't done, and she felt already pushed enough.
"You know we like to keep things a surprise," Julie said as she got in the car, Jenny getting in on her side, leaving Mary the back seat again, which she was happy with since she was naked.
They drove off and through the night. It was quiet out, and Mary felt relieved. Julie hadn't gotten dressed, and Mary didn't even know where her clothes were. She just sat quietly, worrying of the next task.
Eventually they had reached a gas station. No other cars were parked there, only someone inside probably working behind the counter. "Mary, you get to fill up and pay," Jenny told Mary.
"Ha, funny, maybe if you gave me clothes I would," Mary said, assuming she was just joking.
"Here's your shirt, put $10 dollars worth in," Julie said handing Mary the shirt.
"I have to go out there in just this, but what if," Mary started to say before she was cut off.
"Oh your shirt covers plenty and its the dead of night, you'll be fine," Jenny said. With that Mary stopped arguing, and carefully climbed out of the car. She felt the air swirl up her shirt, against her bare bottom. She only had a few inches of safety, she could be exposed to anyone at any time. She filled up the car though, without any situation. She quickly returned to the car door and was about to get in.
"Take this and go pay up, would you hun?" Julie said, handing her the money to pay for the gas.
Mary wanted to argue, but at the same time, she was getting excited. She decided not to, it would be a repeat of the one that took place just a few moments ago. She looked towards the door of the station, and slowly walked towards it. She took one step at a time, and soon found herself at the door. She opened it and walked right inside. She was almost out of breath. She was now inside a public building, with only a T-shirt on.
The man at the counter looked up from the paper he was reading, then looked back at it. Mary slowly walked into the store. She could feel the shirt move across her bare butt, against her hard nipples, and the wetness between her legs slowly dripping down. She knew how little she was dressed, but she felt a little safer seeing the man not staring her down.
She didn't know what to do exactly, she just looked around the store, seeing no one. She got nervous though, she felt as if at any moment her shirt could just burst into flames and be a pile of ashes around her feet. Julie and Jenny could just walk right in and take the shirt. They could then hold her arms at her sides, and let the man see everything.
While lost in thought her hands rubbed the sides of the shirts. Her hands drifted around to her butt, and gently grazed it. She played with the back of the shirt, she curled her fingers around the hem and felt up her legs till the tips of her fingers touched the bottom of her butt. She could feel how close it was from being exposed. She started to pull the back of the shirt up. She was so lost in thought, she didn't realize what she was doing till the shirt was exposing half her ass.
She made a quick yelp and pulled her shirt down, she just realized she was taking this too far, she knew she didn't want to actually be stripped nude in the middle of the store, or at least that is what she thought.
"You ok ma'am, ready to pay?" The man said, not looking away from the paper, Mary thanked god he hadn't been watching her fantasizing there.
She couldn't really say much except for "Here" when she approached the man. He rang her up, gave back the few cents in change, and Mary left. The whole time she felt she was in a different world, and soon she found herself back in the car, heading off to who knows where.
"Well how did it go?" Jenny asked, concerned by the quietness.
Mary was a tad startled by the break in silence. "Fine, I guess." Mary said, going over the whole thing in her head again. She was a bit lost. At times she was so very shy, and didn't seem to have the courage to do more, but at other times she couldn't stop herself.
"Well we are almost at the next stop, be ready, oh and give us the shirt." Julie asked. Mary handed up the shirt without question now, she was too far gone to argue something that simple.
"Ok, we should explain what you are doing before getting there," Jenny said as Mary perked up so she could see what she was expected to do. "You will take your panties, ring someone's door, and then put those panties on the door nob, then we drive off."
"Wait, what? I'm just going to give some stranger my panties? And what about not getting caught."
"It's just ding dong ditching, and we'll make sure the lights are off in the house, it's real late, no one will catch us, they'll probably be sleeping. Should be a good quick thrill," Julie said, while she handed back Mary's panties.
Mary slipped them on and sat to think about it. She was once again being convinced by some inside voice to do it. She felt she couldn't say no. Julie was right though, she knew if it were her, she wouldn't be able to get to the door in those few seconds if someone came ringing the bell at this time of night. Before Mary could think about it more though, they were parked outside some house.
"Looks like its dead in there, lets not wait till morning and get going Mary," Jenny told Mary. Mary went with it, she slowly stepped out of the car, closing the door behind her.
Her will to go forward wasn't strong enough quite yet, she ducked down next to the car, and waited awhile. She was still running thoughts through her head. She had her hands cupping her breast, slightly rubbing her hard nipples in the process. "They'll be heading off to work tomorrow, and they'll find MY panties sitting there on their handle." Mary thought to herself. She moved a hand down to her panties, feeling them, probably for the last time. "My WET panties," she corrected herself.
"Hey Mary, you better get going. Had it been Julie hesitating this much, I'd start honking the horn and driving away," Jenny told Mary out the window. This got Mary's legs moving.
Mary stood and looked around and made a quick dash over the person's yard. She reached the door and stood for a moment, looking to make sure no one was around. She could see Jenny and Julie watching out the window of the car. Mary held her finger to the door bell button, and waited a moment. Holding her breath she pressed down on the button, hearing it echo from within the house.
She quickly made her move, she began to strip out of the panties. She didn't have time to stop to realize she was outside in some neighborhood stripping off her last piece of clothing. As she had her panties in her hands though, she was suddenly blinded. She didn't know what it was, she looked around and blinked a few times. She was now bathed in light from above. It was some light, one of those that go off when they sense motion. Mary wished she could hide, but there was nowhere, and she remembered what she still had to do.
She took her panties, and put the leg hole around the door nob. As she was gripping the door nob though, she felt it turn. Her heart stopped. She could feel herself being pulled forward as her hand gripped tight on the nob. Mary balanced one foot, hand wrapped around the nob, as some woman in a night gown, stared blankly at the naked girl standing in her door way.
Mary stared wide eyed at the girl, she could feel her face going red. She was thinking a mile a minute, but could not move. She thought of what this woman was thinking. Of how she viewed her. Of what she could see! Mary was outstretched, one leg off the ground, she could only imagine the view. This stranger at who knows what hour of the night was now witness to her perverted prank. She now saw her there, naked at night, and would now have a face to go with those panties on the door nob.
Time started to move again for Mary though, she quickly stood and turned. The woman still in awe watched as Mary ran back to the car, her butt being the last thing she saw as Mary quickly slammed the door shut, laying in the back seat as they drove off.
"Oh my god Mary, wish I were you, that looked like loads of fun," Jenny said back to Mary, who still had her face buried in her hands.
Mary felt so humiliated. She hadn't recognized the woman, but she still felt as if she knew every secret she had. Mary couldn't stand the feeling, but at the same time, noticed something else. She felt uncomfortable feeling between her legs. She knew the feeling though, she was horny. Yet she wasn't just a little, she was really horny. The only thing that stopped her from bringing herself off was the fact that she was so confused, she wouldn't even have cared that Jenny and Julie would be right there for the whole thing.
"I hope you're OK Mary, that wasn't too much, was it?" Julie asked, looking back at Mary.
Mary sat up, she was still plenty red, but knew she would be fine. "Yeah, I think so."
Jenny now spoke up. "Don't worry, think of that woman as a complete stranger. It will be pretty embarrassing, and will be for a long time, maybe forever. Yet I bet if you learn to love that embarrassment, you won't mind it so much." Mary knew Jenny was right. She couldn't just sulk about it.
"So, where are we going next?" Mary asked the other two.
"Oh, up for more huh? Didn't think you would," Julie said, smiling as she looked back to Mary.
"I wouldn't want to end the night till we're all good and done," Mary said, sort of shocked herself that she still wanted to keep going. She herself didn't know where this confidense was coming from. Perhaps by this point her mind was just too cloudy to think straight anymore.
"That's the spirit. I think you deserve some type of reward too. Jenny, lets stop and pull over, so we can go over what we will do next," Julie suggested. Julie went with it and they stopped at the side of the road, still in the quiet neighborhood. Julie and Jenny got out, Jenny holding both T-shirts. Mary too followed out, although she was a bit more cautious about it, she too was just as naked as Julie.
"We'll go back to another gas station, but I have something special planned for you. Don't worry, though, I'll be joining you," Jenny explained. She then started to take off her shorts and t shirt. "Julie, hand us out shirts." Mary didn't hesitate to get dressed.
Jenny got into the a shirt Mary hadn't seen before. It was tie die and Mary instantly noticed that while it was on Jenny's body, it was much too short. In front Mary could almost see Jenny's pussy, and from behind the bottom of her as cheeks were peaking out.
"Ok, hold still Mary," Julie said as Mary did so. She could feel Julie was doing something behind her, and with the back of her shirt. Mary though did not move as she asked, and when Julie was done, Mary couldn't quite feel what was different.
"What did you do back there?" Mary asked as she let her hands wander back there. She first checked her butt, and instantly felt her butt, but that was the issue. There was no shirt, just her butt. Her eyes grew wide as she felt up more and found in some way the shirt was fastened so the hem was above the top of her ass. She quickly turned her exposed back side to the car out of site of everyone. She looked down and was relieved the front wasn't showing an equally revealing show. "Ok, so what am I going to be doing that has my butt showing?"
"Well, I think we need to pick up some refreshments, probably stop at another gas station. You won't go alone though, Jenny will be joining you." Julie explained.
"So I will be just standing there with my butt exposed, how will I avoid getting caught?" Mary asked, now getting worried again at how she would pull off a stunt like this.
"Just keep your backside faced away, or just proudly show off your butt, I'm sure no one will mind seeing it. Anyways, look at Jenny here," Julie said. Then as if on cue Jenny raised her arms, raising her shirt, showing off the the bottom of her pussy lips. "She is taking a lot more risks, and will be a good distraction."
Mary thought about seeing Jenny like that in the gas station, seeing the person running it watching her as she nearly, or even fully exposed herself. Mary wanted to be witness to that, and wanted to try and risk her exposed state there. Surely it wouldn't be too hard to avoid them seeing her.
"Well then girls, time for you two to get in the car so we can go have some fun," Julie said excitedly as she climbed into the car, followed by Mary and Jenny. It didn't take long, and soon they were parked at the nearest gas station. Like before, no one was in site.
Mary quickly got out with Jenny, she didn't want to lose her nerve now. Both approached the front door, and walked in. The young man of 20 something was not at the counter, but instead organizing the racks of snacks. Seeing customers he excused himself back to the counter, doing a double take at Jenny noticing the shirt, and wondering what she could have on underneath.
Jenny faced away from him, and looked at Mary. She was all smiles, and Mary knew she had to get out of site of the cashier. She walked backwards, facing Jenny, so to keep her butt away from view. Mary though had to stop and watch as Jenny looked down at something on a shelf below. She then calmly bent down to get it. Mary saw the cashiers eyes widen and focus. Mary knew what he was seeing, he was seeing Jenny's bare ass. Mary couldn't keep looking though, it would make this all seem too obvious. She quickly walked backwards and behind the racks so she could stay out of site from the man.
Mary didn't have to worry of where her butt was pointing now, so she relaxed. She felt back behind her just to double check it was all real. It surely was when her hand came in contact with the soft skin of her cheeks.
Jenny came around the corner, she was still all smiles, she had in her hands some random bag of peanuts, probably from the bottom shelf. Jenny stuck out her tongue and lifted her shirt, flashing Mary. Mary being in a good mood did the same back to Jenny, the two giggled at their naughty game they were having right in the middle of a gas station.
Before anything else could happen though, the door opened, and in walked some big man who looked tired, and had been driving a truck all night. Mary quickly faced towards the man, keeping her butt away from him. She hoped he was just getting gas, but he soon was approaching the two girls. Mary clasped her hands behind her, getting nervous.
The man got closer and closer, and looked for his own snacks and drinks. He walked right by Jenny and looked at Mary, he seemed a little confused why Mary was staring at him.
"Excuse me little missy, I need to get back here." He said pointing to the refrigerator behind Mary. Mary was unsure what to do, she would have to move backwards to keep her secret hidden, but that could put her in view of the guy behind the counter. Mary had little choice though, if she turned away from this man, he would surely see. Mary just backed up and watched as the man got something from the refrigerator.
Mary kept her hands behind her, but this may have been a bad move. She was idly rubbing her cheeks. All she could think about was how exposed they were. How anyone could see them back there. She was getting a little too far gone. She though was alert enough to notice when the man was done in the fridge.
"Hey, I hope I'm not intimidating you little missy." The man said, seeing Mary still staring at him. "Where are my manners, I'm sure there is something you need from in here." He said as he held the door open for her, with warm inviting smile. Little did he know the real reason why Mary was so worried, and why she wasn't moving even after her offer.
"Hey, I'll grab it for you Mary." Jenny said, coming to Mary's rescue. Jenny slipped around the man, and while he held it open, she reached up and started to try and get the soft drink all the way up there. Mary though was no longer staring at the man, but at Jenny's exposed butt. Jenny' stretching that high made it quite noticeable. It was just inches away from the man. Mary also now noticed the man was staring down at Jenny's butt, probably thanking god for his luck now. Jenny got the drink, and the man went off to the counter.
"Thank you so much Jenny, I thought I was doomed there. I owe you one," Mary said to Jenny.
"Don't worry about it, I'll be sure to find a way for you to pay me back. I was actually considering falling, give him a peak up front, but I don't know if I could have pulled the innocent look too well in that position. Oh well I'm sure he's happy." She giggled back as the man left after paying. "Well how about one day you just expose me to someone, surprise me," She said as she went and continued to look around the store.
Mary just stared wide eyed, had she just asked her to strip her in public whenever she wanted? She wouldn't have thought she would be given such trust. Was she serious though. She remembered back to the park, and how she had said she would have wished she had gone along with it.
Mary now wandered around with Jenny, still making sure to remember her exposed backside. She still didn't know what to make of it. Before long though She had gathered a few snacks and drinks and now was at the counter, starting to pay for the things.
The man at the counter was intently looking between both Mary's and Jenny's shirt. Mary noticed and knew why. She didn't even have to look, she could feel her nipples were hard and poking against the shirt, Jenny probably had the same issue. Mary decided now was the time to find out. She was scared of what would happen, if it was really a joke, but with the things that had been happening, she knew it should be OK. She at least hoped it would be OK.
The cashier was saying the price of the things and Jenny placed the money on the counter. Mary then had her arm around the sides of Jenny's shirt. Mary then shouted "Surprise!" as she lifted the shirt upwards. Soon the shirt was going inside out, and Jenny's hands were tangled.
All within that instant things were quiet, Jenny though soon realized what was going on and she screeched. Mary was about to let go, but then she felt Jenny struggling. She noticed instantly it was weak. Mary knew Jenny couldn't be that weak, no Jenny was already playing along.
Mary knew that she couldn't stop yet, so she also kept the show going. Mary could tell Jenny was getting into it though. As she moved and swayed faking an attempt to escape, her legs waddled apart, she would arch her back one way or the other, and made sure to move her chest to maximize the amount of jiggle on her breast. The clerk just stood and watched as he saw this beautiful woman practically naked in his store.
Mary didn't know how long to keep it going, but Jenny seemed to be advancing things herself. She swayed and turned towards her, tieing up the shirt some. She then bent down at the waist, legs partially spread, trying to pull the shirt free from Mary's grip. Mary though held on, but soon all at once the pulling on the shirt stopped.
On the ground below her was Jenny; she had fell out of the shirt. She had caught herself with her hands, and now was there on the ground, bent at the waste, her feet 3 feet or so apart, and the clerk staring intently at the wonderful view he was being given. Mary now was in too much awe to do anything. She didn't even remember about her own shirt and exposure. She couldn't recall any other moments that night. She now only stood there, staring at her friend on the ground, naked. She actually wished she could be behind the counter too, just to see this spectacle from that angle.
Jenny then reacted, and she scrambled up into a standing position. She was facing away from the clerk and gave Mary a smile and a wink. Mary knew then for sure that she hadn't done anything wrong. Jenny then turned towards the clerk, not even bothering to cover.
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry about this. I didn't think wearing so little would be such a big deal, but sadly I have such a rude friend!" Jenny said, in a apologetic tone. Mary noticed that Jenny was also blushing a lot. Mary was almost surprised, specially thinking that she was the one who was suppose to like it. Jenny then frantically danced her hands over her body in a half attempt to cover up. She then turned and swiped the shirt from Mary, who was still too in awe to do anything but stand and watch.
She held the shirt in front of her in one hand. This though didn't prove to be too useful, her nipples were still viewable on each side of the shirt as the shirt draped down between them. The shirt's length also didn't help as it stopped right above the top her slit, keeping her for the most part mostly naked.
"I'm again sorry, I can't believe this happened. Please keep the change, I'm really sorry."
"No don't be ma'am, I understand, and you don't need to be so ashamed." The man said, almost sounding as if he was trying to hit on her.
"Well I got to get going, and I can't believe what you did Mary!" She said as she shot an evil glare at Mary and then, stormed off, her butt bouncing and in view as she left. Mary stared at the site, this though reminded her of her own predicament. She was still plenty exposed herself, and she still had to get out.
"Um yeah, sorry about that, couldn't really help myself" Mary said as she side stepped and started walking backwards out of the store, keeping eye contact with the guy.
"Oh don't be, I should thank you for that wonderful show, come back anytime," He said, still probably picturing Jenny.
Mary pressed her back against the door to open it, she could feel her own butt pressing against the cold glass. She was once again outside and saw the car waiting for her. She quickly made her way in and they were soon gone.
Jenny then looked back. "Wow, good job, wasn't expecting you to have the guts to try it so soon," she said, starting to laugh.
"Yeah, sounded like a real show, are you sure you don't strip girls all the time. Wish I had been there," Julie said laughing along with Jenny.
"No! I just mean she said she wanted me to. It was Ok for me to do that, right?" Mary said, worried she might have done something wrong.
"That was nearly perfect. I had to slightly run the show a little more, but that's understandable. I might just have to return the favor," Jenny said winking.
Mary thought for a second and realized what she was implying with that. "Oh no, its fine, you don't have to!" She said in a bit of a panic, afraid she would soon find herself in the same position as Jenny.
"Oh don't worry, when I return the favor you'll know when its coming, you are after all still a beginner," Jenny said as they continue to drive.
Mary fell silent now. She couldn't believe all that happen. She had her butt exposed in gas station, and stripped another girl naked. She couldn't get her mind off it. She almost couldn't keep her hand off of her pussy. She could feel herself dripping wet, she was afraid about leaving a mess on the seat, so she removed her shirt. She then sat on it and relaxed about not giving away her dirty little secret now.
"Well look at you, getting naked even without our request. I think we finally corrupted her Julie," Jenny said looking back at Mary sitting naked. Mary blushed at this comment, but had realized she had gotten a lot more content with her nudity, even though it was just in the safety of the backseat at night.
The car came to a stop and Mary looked out the window. She saw she was once again home. "We're back?" Mary questioned.
"Yep, it's been an incredible night though. Two accidentals, my god I can't wait to get home," Jenny said getting out of the car, still naked.
"Yeah, I'm glad you decided to come with us. It was a real blast, and I think you'd agree," Julie said taking a brief glance between Mary's legs, which Mary quickly clamped together as she blushed. Julie also stepped out of the car.
Mary looked out into her neighborhood and saw very little activity. She also stepped out of the car. The three girls all joined in a big hug. They said their goodbyes and Julie and Jenny got into the car. "Also you guys, keep the shirt," Mary said to them with a smile as she walked, back to her house.
She went around the side and found her window still open. She climbed in and found her way into her bed. She no longer felt the humidity around her. She though still couldn't go to sleep, and was still plenty hot and bothered. Her hand instantly found its ways between her legs. She didn't get to bed till much later that night, and she didn't bother to put any clothes on either. For the days to follow her new habit became her wearing much less and sometimes even nothing to bed.
