"This is too easy," Yuri muttered, and Luke really couldn't help but agree. "Where the hell are they?"

"Best not to question," Jade murmured back absently; most of his attention was on the device in his hands. Cid's disruptor was a lot smaller than Luke had expected it to be, not quite as big as a fist. Supposedly, though, it would do the job of stopping the generators that maintained the barrier, so long as they could find the right frequency, or something.

Jade had been at it for a few minutes already, holding the little device up against the smooth, invisible surface of the barrier, and so far nothing had happened that Luke could see. And everything around them was far too quiet; he kept waiting for the other shoe to drop.

They hadn't seen a single infected in the entire time it had taken them to work through the city and reach this supposed top military research facility. Not so much as a whisper of movement, which somehow made the ruins seem even creepier. And yeah, technically, not having to fight their way in was a good thing, but mostly it just made Luke wonder where their enemies were waiting for them and how many of them there would be when they finally did attack. The constant waiting and the jumping at shadows was fraying his nerves at a really incredible rate.

"Ah," Jade said at last. "That seems to have done something."

The shiver of concussion reached them before the cloud of dust began to lift off one of the buildings inside the barrier, the dull whump of the explosion muffled by layers of concrete. Under Jade's hand, the barrier went down with a dull violet ripple.

"Great," Rush said, starting in. "Let's just hope that didn't fry whatever we came here to get."

"I doubt the top-secret experimental weaponry and stockpiles of explosive material were kept in the same room as the power generators," Yuri replied in a drawl.

"Hey, never underestimate the power of bureaucratic stupidity."

They took a few wrong turns inside the vast complex before they found what they were looking for: a series of huge, warehouse-style rooms filled with shelves and bins and benches that were all loaded down with equipment. Luke stared at it all with a vague sinking sensation. "How are we supposed to sort through all of this?"

Yuri pulled down a stack of papers from the nearest shelf, his eyebrows raising. "Conveniently enough, there's a catalogue. Complete with index numbers for blueprints and instruction manuals." He laughed. "I guess bureaucracy has its benefits after all. Never thought I'd be saying this, but let's hear it for forms in triplicate."

"If this is correct, there should be a garage at the far end of this row," Jade added, studying a much-faded plan on the wall. "Guy?"

"Yeah, I'm on it." Guy caught Luke's eye, and Luke nodded. The two of them broke off from the main group and worked their way through the tangle of warehouses to the far end, where one wall was broken up by a series of sliding metal doors. The rows of shelves that had characterized the previous rooms were missing, and instead the vast open space was filled with transport vehicles of various shapes and sizes.

Luke rolled his eyes, watching Guy perk up at the sight and take a few eager steps towards the closest vehicle. But when Guy pointed him towards a desk near the wall, he went without complaint.

"See if you can find the starters, would you? They wouldn't have kept them too far away."

Most of the vehicles were in pieces, or obviously missing parts, or still connected by wires to all sorts of machinery-- the most impressive of the lot, the ones with thick metal plating and slots that were probably meant as gun mounts, were unfortunately the ones in the worst shape. The rest had likely been intended for transport of goods rather than offensive maneuvers-- they were wide, flat trucks, open-topped, running on thick treads instead of tires. They had reinforced decks, at least, and a narrow railing and ledge around the outside of the box, which could be defensible, but the driver's area wasn't much more than a protruding shelf on the front end.

Still, those were the only vehicles that seemed to be whole, and some of them at least started up smoothly enough when Guy ran through the proper sequence. After a few moments of inspection-- during which Guy mostly just closed his eyes and listened to the way the engines hummed-- Guy nodded. "We can work with these, I think."

By the time Guy had picked out three vehicles that seemed the most likely to actually get them where they were going without breaking down halfway, the others had started to appear with crates of gear and bits of machinery slung over their shoulders. Seifer had a disturbingly wide grin on his face as he dumped two massive guns down next to one of their trucks, and even Squall was looking a little smug as he set down the accompanying boxes of ammunition.

Time passed in a blur of creative crisis management and frantic organization; they made up strategies between as they went, picking through their scavenged equipment and portioning it out between the three vehicles. On a few occasions, Luke found himself ranging out on search missions-- looking for stronger clamps, or wire, or a screwdriver or whatever else was needed. Eventually, it all began to come together, and he started to truly think they might stand a chance of making their crazy scheme work.

Their vehicles, by the time they were done with them, bore little resemblance to the humble little transports they had been. There were guns mounted on the railings around the vehicles' boxes, fastened as securely as they could manage, with crates of extra ammo settled beneath. Another gun was loosely tethered near the front of each, behind the shield of makeshift armoring some enterprising soul had welded around the driver's seat. It wasn't an elegant arrangement-- in fact, in Luke's opinion it was pretty damned ugly, so obviously cobbled together from scraps-- but so long as it was functional the rest didn't really matter.

During one of the forays for parts, Auron had even unearthed some protective clothing in the back corner of a storage room, no doubt intended for some army or other. It wasn't armour like Luke was used to, but rather a kind of close-fitting, dense fabric fused to flexible plates. A little too tight and stiff to be comfortable, but lighter than he expected, and certainly better for deflecting claws than his regular clothes. After seeing what had happened to Squall, the last time they'd faced the infected, he was willing to put up with a little discomfort if it would keep him in one piece.

Besides, Guy looked good in all that tight black.

When they rolled open the big garage doors in preparation for departure, Luke was vaguely surprised to look at the sun and realize it was still a few hours to midday. It seemed like they had been working for much longer. By their earlier calculations, it would be just over an hour to the crater if they made good time and the terrain was with them, which still left plenty of daylight for them to work in-- none of them really wanted to be out there fighting in the dark if they could help it.

During most of their preparations, Jade had been sitting off by himself, poking at the small pieces of equipment he'd gathered for his own nefarious purposes. When they were just about ready to go, he finally got up and wandered over to the rest of the group. "I need a few more minutes here," he said. "If you want to take two of the vehicles ahead, I can catch up after I'm done."

Without waiting for an answer, he grabbed up whatever he'd been working on and disappeared back into the other room. Luke blinked after him, exchanging a puzzled look with Guy while, across the way, Rush heaved a sigh.

"Probably shouldn't leave him by himself, hunh? Guess we're waiting, then." Rush boosted himself up on and empty crate and settled his chin in his hands.

"I wonder what he's planning?" Basch asked, settling a last armload of gear.

Luke shook his head, shrugging. "Probably best not to ask," he answered dryly. He grabbed the side of his truck and climbed in, stepping carefully over the piles of supplies to wedge himself down near the front of the box. Squall and Seifer climbed in after him, stationing themselves to either side, near the two rear-mounted guns; Roy sat himself opposite Luke, nodding at him solemnly. Guy settled into the driver's chair and revved up the engine.

"Here we go," Luke muttered to no one in particular.

Luke didn't have to see Guy to know that he would be smiling at the way the transport rumbled as it slid through the open door. The scattered debris on the garage floor crunched easily beneath the heavy treads, barely making them shake; out in the city proper, they still had to dodge around the worse of the rubble, but the vehicles lived up to their expectations and they made good time.

The third vehicle did indeed catch up to them just outside the city limits; Luke could just see Jade sitting in the back, looking inscrutable as always. The three trucks fell into a wedge formation either by plan or by instinct, arrowing their way out into the countryside, guided by charts and photos that Luke could only hope were accurate enough. The trip seemed to take ages, though he knew objectively that their goal wasn't too far away-- it was too much waiting, that was all. Luke checked his weapons again, went over their supplies in his head and mentally recited what each of them was to be used for-- and then made up a few more uses besides, just in case something went wrong. He made sure to keep his shoulders loose and his breathing even, and tried not to think about doing the same thing during the endless night before it all went wrong at Kaitzur.

"There it is," Guy shouted back at them, eventually, his voice tight. Luke propped himself up to see-- there was a slight ridge of land rising before them, with the hollow emptiness of the crater falling away behind it, and just at that divide--

"You've got to be kidding me," Luke muttered, and behind him Seifer started to curse.

Just beyond the edge of the crater were all of the infected, possibly the entire remaining population of the planet. From this distance Luke couldn't even make out individual shapes-- it was just a solid sea of bodies forming a shifting, swaying mass between them and the vague dark form at their centre.

"We don't have to defeat them all," Roy said firmly. "Our goal is JENOVA. These are not the enemy, they're merely an obstacle."

"Right," Luke said, and let out a gust of breath. "We planned for this, right?"

Luke took another deep breath and pulled himself upright, wedging himself carefully into the spot just behind Guy's chair. He braced his knees to either side of Guy's shoulders, pulling over the front gun and getting it settled.

He saw Guy's hands tighten on the controls, felt the transport's rumble beneath them intensify as Guy coaxed it faster, and faster again. The three trucks barreled over the glassy lip of rock marking the crater's edge and started downwards towards the pulsing thing at its centre. JENOVA didn't look like much, still-- looked like nothing more than a lumpy, glistening rock despite the way the surface ripple faintly in the light. It wasn't nearly as big as Luke had expected, either, even as they started to draw closer.

The infected broke towards them in a wave as Guy and the other drivers coaxed the vehicles to their maximum speed. Luke aimed his gun at the leading edge, bracing himself, and fired, punching a hole in the line ahead of them. He gritted his teeth against the jar as they ran right over the fallen; heard the guns behind him start up as Seifer and Squall swept the infected away from their flanks. Felt the sub-sonic shiver in the air as the energy cannon they'd dug up and fastened to one of the other vehicles toppled the next wave of infected in a broad, fan-shaped sweep.

Luke had thought the infected were people, once-- hard not to think like that when they all looked human, still. Seeing them now, though-- they moved like birds, flocking together in unison without any kind of signal or call. JENOVA's will, maybe, moving them like puppets. It was obvious that whatever these creatures had once been, they weren't human anymore.

Luke glanced at the other vehicles just long enough to see that they were still there-- he could see Kimberly at the rear of the nearest one, laughing as he tossed something like grenades out into the crowd and watched them go off. Beyond him, the reinforced metal point at the front of the third vehicle was clearing a path effortlessly, plowing the infected out of the way.

Someone shouted his name-- Luke turned and ducked instinctively, just in time to avoid the swipe of claws aimed at his throat. Wedged in as he was, his mobility wasn't good enough to really fight the thing off but he got in a lucky hit that knocked it back to trip on a toppled crate, sending it over the side to be crushed beneath the armoured treads of the vehicle.

Roy caught the next infected before it got close enough to attack him, grimly slashing at it with a long knife and making it stumble. "Apologies," he grunted, throwing that one after the first.

"No problem," Luke shouted in reply, then turned his attention back to the front to shoot Guy a clearer path.

Despite their efforts, their momentum was slowing-- their vehicles simply hadn't been designed for so much of a beating, no matter their efforts to reinforce them, and it was starting to show. Luke was just beginning to wonder if they had gone far enough when a sharp whistle sounded from the side; he looked to see someone signaling them from the next vehicle over. He tapped Guy's shoulder.

"I see it," Guy shouted up. "Hang on!"

Luke dropped the gun, letting it drag on its tether, and grabbed a handhold instead. He twisted to relay the warning over his shoulder and saw the others grab for their supports just before Guy wrenched the controls, spinning them sideways.

They broke off at an angle from the other two vehicles, methodically cutting a rough circle through the ranks of infected. Seifer abandoned his gun to join Roy at the back of the truck; together they pumped out a thick, pungent incendiary in a broad swath behind them, occasionally supplementing it with bundles of explosives, while Squall kept them covered from the side. They also had a single crate filled with little packets marked in all kinds of warning symbols; these they very carefully tossed out with the rest, portioning them out along the route.

The third vehicle was barreling towards them from dead ahead, the figures in its back just finishing their own line of explosives. Roy stood up straight in the back of their truck's box as the third vehicle swerved around them and kept on going, angling inwards to meet up with the second, which was working through the ranks of infected inside their circle, thinning them out.

Roy lifted his gun, the one he'd been hoarding since Balamb, and the bullet he fired flared green-blue as it streaked off behind them. The line they'd drawn on the ground ignited in a breath-stealing whoosh as Guy gunned the engine to get them away.

Their barrier went up in a line of fire and booming eruptions, a crash and a roar that swept on ever faster as it fed on itself-- and in the midst of it, those little packets at first fizzled and snapped and then exploded in columns of white-hot fire. The bulk of the infected was effectively trapped on the other side, leaving them with a much clearer line to JENOVA-- though the front ranks didn't seem to notice at first, trying to push through the flames regardless and quickly falling to the intense heat.

Luke let out the breath he hadn't realized he was holding in a whoop, seeing their plan actually working before his eyes-- and then lost the rest of his air on a yelp as their vehicle lurched beneath his feet. He looked back when he managed to catch his balance, hearing the shouts of his teammates behind him, and his eyes went wide when he saw them trying to beat out the flames clinging to the back end of their transport, to no avail.

"Guy!" he shouted.

"I know, I know," Guy yelled back, his arms rigid and his fingers white-knuckled as he struggled to regain control of the vehicle. "It went up faster than I thought, we got caught at the edge of the line-- if any of that stuff got on us--"

"It did," Luke answered, heart sinking as he noted the way the flames seemed to be clinging to the bare metal of their truck. The others had given up their efforts to put out the fire, instead just moving forward to get away from it.

Luke looked, noting that one of the other vehicles seemed to be heading their way, then turned back to the three men behind him. "Jump!" he yelled to them, pointing, and they took off without further prompting. They dove into the diminished pack of infected without hesitation, pushing away from the fire as fast as they could and angling for their allies.

"You too," Guy shouted at him, hands still tight on the controls. Luke, for his part, braced himself again and reached for the gun.

"Can't leave you, you know that." He fired off a few shots at the nearest group of infected, thinning them out, and the sound of the gun was almost lost in the ever-growing squeal of metal coming from the vehicle's rear treads.

Guy laughed, though it wasn't really a humourous sound. "Right," he said, "hang on, then." And he gunned the engine once more, ignoring the protests of damaged machinery, aiming them right for the shape at the very center of the crater.

Guy did something that Luke didn't see, wedging the controls so that he could start working himself free of the driver's seat. The wind whipping by them was hot, and smelled of smoke. "All right," Guy shouted, "let's go."

"Ready when you are," Luke muttered, not caring that the words were lost in the din, because Guy's hand was tight around his arm and his own was tight around Guy's, and they were flying through the air and landing with a jarring thud, tucking and rolling as best they could. He hit something soft at first-- an infected's body, probably, but he jounced on past it before it could attack him, if it was going to-- and eventually came to a stop. He forced himself up even before he could breathe again, and pulled his sword free from the harness across his back.

Ahead of them, their blazing vehicle careened onward-- and crashed with a terrible sound into the rubbery side of JENOVA itself. The surface, formerly so still and lifeless, bubbled, rippled-- and burst outwards into a flailing array of limbs.

Luke never really had time to catch his breath-- there were still more than enough infected to keep the two of them busy, although those in the inner ring seemed less capable than the rest, or maybe it was that JENOVA was too distracted by their direct attack to organize them properly. Standing back-to-back, Luke and Guy managed to push their enemies back without too much trouble, though it didn't stop Luke from sagging a bit in relief when the remaining two vehicles came up around them like a shield.

"That fire's not going to last for long!" Luke heard Flynn shout, as their allies jumped down and joined the assault.

"Then let's waste this thing and go the hell home, already," Seifer yelled back.

It was hard to get close to JENOVA-- hard to hit it at the centre, where it would do the most damage, with those limbs writhing around it like that. Luke lost his breath in a whoosh as a dense, whip-like arm caught him right in the midsection and sent him flying. He had to lay gasping for a minute, his eyes filled with the sight of Guy's boots as his friend grimly drove off the few remaining infected long enough for him to recover.

Luke pushed to his feet, wincing at a probable fractured rib, nodding his thanks to Guy even as he swatted an infected away from Guy's back. Luke took a steadying breath, already watching JENOVA and trying to time their next run.

Roy appeared behind them. "Make me an opening," he said, fiddling with something in his hands.

Luke didn't question; he and Guy dove in and pushed out, creating a hole in JENOVA's defenses between them. Roy darted forward with his gun braced in both hands; he fired it with a peculiar hissing bang, again and again, then shouted the three of them into a retreat.

Where he'd fired, JENOVA's rippling surface glowed steadily redder, the skin bulging strangely-- then with a roar the surface burst in an explosion of flame that had all the tentacles around them whipping into a frenzy. Where Roy had fired, the skin of the creature was pitted and blackened, oozing some clear fluid.

With a fierce cry that Guy echoed, Luke dove back in to attack the weakness.

"The fire's dying," someone shouted an unknown time later; Luke looked despite himself, and saw their wall of flame starting to fade from blue to orange. There were bodies jumping through the wall, still moving forward despite being on fire themselves.

"That's not good," he muttered. He twisted and lopped off another of JENOVA's limbs, only to see it replaced mere moments later. "We're not doing enough damage like this," he said. "We need something--"

Another sharp whistle sounded to one side, drawing his attention. He looked over, saw Rush waving his arms at them wildly-- looked past Rush and felt his eyes go wide. "Oh, man," he breathed. "Yeah, that'll do it."

Luke grabbed Guy's arm and pulled, dragging them both backwards out of range, regrouping with a few of the others when they had gained what Luke hoped was a safe distance. They rallied together there, formed up into a defensive circle and holding their ground while David-- who had, with Rush's help, apparently detached the energy cannon from their vehicle and dragged it over-- finished setting it in place.

Luke all but held his breath as David jerked Rush behind him and hit the trigger. For a moment, all that showed was a faint glow at the mouth of the weapon as it charged up, and then it expanded into a billowing stream of power that was ten times as strong as the blast they'd fired off earlier. A higher setting, or something, Luke didn't really know-- but the backwash of the blast was hot and dry against his face, crackling with static charge, and against the glare of it the huddled forms of David and Rush were nearly lost.

The light crested; the growing pressure snapped. There was another sub-audible whump of energy and air, as half of JENOVA seemed to collapse in on itself.

JENOVA shrieked, and Luke cried out as the sound seemed to pierce right through his head. He couldn't quite help but bring his hands up to cover his ears, dropping his sword-- his old instructor would have been furious-- but the remaining infected seemed to be just as affected as he was, staggering aimlessly with their mouths hanging open and their ears seeping red, not even trying to attack.

Luke barely heard the sound of the cannon as David fired again, but he did gasp in heartfelt relief as it made that terrible scream taper off into ringing silence.

JENOVA's outer skin was crumbling, turning dull grey as it broke apart bit by bit. There was still something pulsing at its centre, though-- something that burst out the top of the bulky shape as Luke stared, shooting off into the air at an ever-increasing pace.

"No!" someone shouted-- Luke's ears were still ringing too much to tell who. "It's getting away!"

"I don't think so," Jade said clearly. And he pulled out that device he'd been fiddling with before, pointing it up into the air and firing something out of it towards the escaping mass. Luke held his breath again as the projectile came close, hit-- only nothing happened, and the dark mass that was the escaping JENOVA kept on going.

Jade looked far too satisfied considering that his invention apparently hadn't worked, though-- he tossed the first device carelessly over his shoulder and pulled out another, pressing a few buttons on it with every sign of satisfaction.

Luke flinched as a great burst of flame came from back towards the city, and from that direction something else started climbing into the sky. "What the--"

"A missile," Jade explained, irritatingly smug, "which will track the beacon I just attached to JENOVA. I set it up before we left the weapons facility."

There was silence for a moment, and then: "Is there anything you don't know?" Yuri exclaimed.

"It was a sensible precaution," Jade protested. "It's an alien life form, it's only logical that it might have a way of escaping extra-terrestrially. I thought it best to be prepared."

David and Rush, coughing and red-faced yet looking fiercely triumphant, staggered into their circle; Luke and the rest closed ranks around them, still wary even though the infected seemed to have forgotten all about them. They were all watching the sky, instead, crying out pitifully and reaching their arms up towards JENOVA's shrinking form. Luke watched a little breathlessly himself as JENOVA and Jade's missile both streaked through the air, higher and higher until even his enhanced vision could only pick them out as dots against the white background of--

"Um," Luke said, wide-eyed. "Oh, man. It's gonna--"

The words died in his throat as the two shapes collided together with the third world's swollen, low-hanging moon, and then suddenly the sky was full of fire. The moon's surface seemed to shatter all at once, hazy blue becoming grey in a matter of seconds. All of the infected gave a wailing, multi-voiced scream before falling over dead.

"Oh," Rush said, as the first streaks of red were already painting the sky. "Oh, that's not gonna be good."

"I think a retreat is in order," David said calmly, rising from his crouch, though there was a manic kind of brightness in his eyes.

"Damn straight it is," Yuri replied. "Think those two trucks are in good enough shape to get us all back?"

"They'd better be," Guy said grimly, already running for the nearest. No one protested when he strapped himself into the driver's seat.

They pushed their remaining two transports to their limits all the way back-- one of them started smoking and sputtering partway, giving out on them before they reached the city limits, but with no equipment to haul they managed to cram everyone into the one remaining truck and make it the rest of the way. The already-ruined state of the city had only been made worse by Jade's missile launch, though, and even their sturdy little vehicle with its welded battering-ram nose couldn't make it through the blocked streets all the way to the portal building.

They ran the last few blocks on foot, pushing themselves full-out while bits of rubble fell from all around them and the sky grew steadily darker overhead. Even with their enhanced agility and strength, they had to backtrack a couple of times and go around when a street ahead was rendered completely impassable, coughing through the growing clouds of dust and smoke. The first wave of falling debris was streaking red overhead by the time the portal building came into view, along with the very welcome sight of Cid gesturing to them from just outside it.

They kept running, right through the place where the barrier had been, and Luke shivered at the tremendous crash and rumble that seemed to shake the ground right at their heels as they pushed inside.

He barely noticed the disorientation this time as they dove through the portal and fell out the other side. He did notice the armed soldiers waiting for them there, hyper-alert nerves jangling at him at the sight. The guards didn't even raise their guns, though, apparently far too stunned by the large party of blood-stained, black-armoured fighters that had suddenly appeared in their midst to actually do anything about it.

They had to fight when they ran into the few little pockets of guards in the hallways, but mostly they ran. Even if they hadn't just illegally activated a portal-- Luke, for one, didn't want to hang around and find out what the reaction would be when the locals found out they'd pretty much just destroyed an entire planet.

Luke wasn't entirely sure he wanted to think about that part, himself. He'd much rather think about the fact that against all the odds, they might have actually won.