I had known Sean for far too many years. We met when I was seventeen on the bus on the way to college and started chatting. Soon we were regularly bumping into each other on the bus when our schedules matched. It was very innocent light flirting and small talk at first, but we soon became good friends meeting up at different times.
About a year after we first met we ended up going for a walk in a local park during our lunch break. We were stretched out lounging on the grass when he leaned across and kissed me suddenly. I don't think he realised that was my first proper kiss at that point or just how naive and innocent I was. I was completely taken by surprise I had no idea he looked at me like that. I was already nursing one hell of a crush on him but at that point he seemed like everything a girl could wish for.
With his long black scruffy hair, deep brown eyes and a real baby face with these cute dimples on his cheeks whenever he smiled. He used to wear this long black leather coat all the time, normally over an old band shirt and tatty old jeans. We shared a mutual passion for metal and rock music and similar interests in books and films. We soon started spending all our time together from long walks in secluded areas to just chilling out in his room getting stoned and listening to music.
Most of my first sexual experiences were had in the woods surrounding our town, using his coat on the ground as a blanket. This probably explains why even now the smell of leather gets me wet.
Soon things moved from heavy petting on to sex, losing my virginity to him wasn't bad but could have been better. I was nervous, inexperienced and he was probably feeling a lot of pressure at the time, as he was four years older and a fair bit more experienced. It was probably about as good first times get. I won't go into more detail about it as it's really only background noise to fill you in on how we came to be where we were some fifteen years later. As most first relationships do we fizzled out. It wasn't nasty or messy and we stayed on good terms and kept in touch over the years. I always remember him fondly as he was one of the good guys.
About six years ago now I found myself in very messy relationship break up, I had to live with the bastard who had done the dirty on me. Until the house was sold I was stuck. Miserable and very lonely I found myself chatting to Sean online, the conversation soon got around to sex, remembering the good times we shared together.
We figured out that since our brief fling we had both discovered a lot about ourselves sexually. One of the things I told him about was my love of being dominated. I mentioned that I'd been disappointed by my ex whose idea of domination was a bit of a slap on the arse and maybe a thumb in my arsehole while taking me doggy style, if he felt particularly dirty. We both laughed a lot and he told me he'd gladly show me how it's done.
After a few more weekends of chatting we figured we needed a proper catch up. I agreed to bring the wine if he ordered the pizza and arranged to pop over to his flat the following Saturday. As the weekend approached I made sure I was ready to cover all eventualities, everything that should be shaved was shaved, I was scrubbed and polished to the last inch.
We quickly got caught up, the pizza vanished quickly and the first bottle of merlot seemed to go down a little to well. It was like the years rolled back, the conversation flowed, all good natured bitching and taking the piss out of each other. Out of the blue he suddenly asked "so you want to be dominated then?"
"Why? Are you sure your up to the job?" I laughed nervously.
"What wouldn't you do?"
I thought for a few seconds while making eye contact with him, before replying "no pissing, no shitting, no bloodshed and no fisting. Or ball gags, they make me panic." I added as an afterthought. He chuckled at me for a few seconds those bright eyes fixed on mine before he seemed to reach a decision.
"Go into the hallway, when you come back in you need to be naked and from now on you will address me as Sir." I looked at him in shock not entirely sure if he was being serious or not but the hungry look in his dark eyes convinced me pretty quickly. I could feel myself starting to moisten as I walked in his hallway not believing I was doing it. I slowly started removing my clothes. I felt my nipples starting to harden in the cold hallway although I wasn't sure it was just the cold to blame. I could hear him moving around in the living room as I stared at my naked body in a full length mirror, trying to work up the courage to walk back in. My reflection showed my tall physique, long dark hair, pale skin, B cup breasts topped with now very stiff pink pierced nipples and plenty of sizeable tattoos dotted around. Years of hard work had left me toned but still with a few curves. My plump wet lips showed just below my shaved mound.
I decided I could do this, hell I needed to do this, even if it was just to prove to myself I was still attractive, desirable and not totally worthless. I put my shoulders back, took a deep breath and headed nervously back into the lounge. I heard a sharp intake of breath as he took in the sight before him. I could see the flare of lust in his eyes as I walked towards him. His reaction filled me with confidence. He had to clear his throat before speaking.
"On your knees." I quickly dropped to a kneeling position, the hard floorboards hurting my knees. He moved in front of me, grabbed a handful of my hair pulling it tightly, angling my face up to look at him. As his free hand fumbled with his belt buckle and the buttons in his jeans I noticed a firm bulge starting to grow. I licked my lips in anticipation and felt my pussy go from wet to soaking. He wasn't fully hard yet when he pulled himself free from his boxers, but I knew it wouldn't take long.
He held me tight by the hair and I whimpered as he rubbed the tip of himself across my lips. I slipped my tongue out to lick him and saw his eyes close as he let out a hissing breath. He started to push his way in between my lips as I sucked and licked him. I could feel him getting firmer in my mouth, slowly taking up more room, and filling me down past my tonsils. I love to feel a man swelling in my mouth knowing it's me making him feel so good.
As I let out a soft moan he started to move his hips back and forth, giving me a chance to adjust to his length gradually. Every thrust taking him deeper. The angle he held my head at left my throat open so gagging wasn't really an issue, so long as I remembered to swallow the excess spit on his outward strokes. As he got more vigorous he started using my head in opposition to his thrusts. By this point I could do nothing except try to keep breathing as he fucked my mouth.
He was soon making grunting noises and moaning whilst telling me I was still his dirty slut. The dirty talk and the feel of his rock hard cock was turning me on so much, I could feel the wetness starting to escape from between my lips. He was tensing up, his grip in my dark hair was painful, that pain mixed with his obvious arousal drove me wild. Without realising I was doing it I reached down and slid my fingers in between my thighs, I groaned as my fingers disappeared between my lips and found the wet, slick and swollen heat inside.
Suddenly he pulled out of my mouth leaving me empty and gasping for breath, my chest heaving and spit running down my chin. My gaze was fixed hungrily on his wet and twitching cock. He kept his grip on my hair and his free hand grabbed my chin roughly, fingers digging in painfully. "Who said you could touch yourself? You dirty fucking slut." His eyes blazed at me.
"Nobody Sir, I'm sorry. I gasped.
"Oh you will be, slut." With that he lifted me by my hair and walked me over to his dining table. He roughly pushed me face down over it. I knew better than to try to stand up. My breasts were pushed against the cold wood making me shiver. He took my wrists and I soon discovered he had already tied ties to the table legs, he secured them to my wrists. His fingers trailed down my back and over my arse as he moved down the table. He kicked my legs apart and tied them off at the ankles too. I was completely bound to the table and very aware of how exposed I was.
He leant along the length of me and I could feel his hard cock pressing against my spread and soaked pussy and his hot breath against my neck and cheek as he whispered in my ear " your safe word is coffee, you will face forward at all times, unless you use your safe word you WILL stay silent. If you turn your head or cry out I will stop and you can go home. You WILL NOT cum until I tell you. Understand slut?" All I could do was nod my head and stare straight ahead.
He stood up and I felt his warm hands take hold of my arse cheeks, squeezing kneading and spreading them apart. I knew he had an almost perfect view of my puckered arsehole. It twitched and winked at him involuntarily, I wanted to feel him touch it badly, I didn't care if it was with his fingers, tongue or cock. I was just aching for satisfaction.
One of his hands made its way slowly to my slit, I knew I was fucking wet. I could feel how wet I was as he stroked the length of me. He pinched my swollen clit between his thumb and forefinger hard and started pinching, twisting and pulling. At the same time he thrust two fingers inside my soaked cunt and started thrusting hard and fast. I had to bite my lip and strain all of my muscles to keep me from crying out and squirming with pleasure. I could feel my juices starting to trickle down my thighs.
He stopped suddenly and left me wandering what was next. I heard a soft sound followed by a metal clinking and realised it was his belt buckle being pulled from his jeans. I waited trying to stay patient and relaxed for what seemed an eternity. I knew I would feel his belt soon, then Crack, I felt a sharp stinging blow hit me squarely on the arse cheeks, the flesh jiggled on impact followed by a spreading warm heat.
He paused as if to make sure no safe word was forthcoming. When I remained silent another blow hit slightly higher, then lower, soon my arse was on fire. I used my hands to grip the ties in a futile attempt to keep still. The blows continued to rain down on me and I could only imagine the how red my normally pale skin was turning. In the back of my mind I was strangely impressed with the way he managed to land every blow in a different place each time, covering the whole of my arse.
He turned his attention to my thighs, each blow striking not only the back but flicking around to the tender and wet inside of each one. Tears were stinging my eyes before slowly streaming down my cheeks. It wasn't just the pain, it was the cathartic release of surrendering and giving in. Letting go of the emotional pain that had kept me numb for months as I felt the physical pain takeover. I was quickly feeling a state of calmness wash over me. Although I wasn't sure how much more I could take. My pussy and arsehole were twitching and aching with need and I felt like my nipples were stiff enough to scratch the polish off his table.
Then he stopped, I felt as though my lower body was on fire, he must've felt the heat coming off it. I could hear him panting as he stared at his handiwork. He must have changed the angle he held the belt at because the next stroke hit me along the length of my dripping sex. My hips lifted in surprise as it cracked across me. My already swollen lips were burning and I was sure my poor throbbing clit would never be the same again. He hit me one more time with even more force and my sore thighs started quivering. Although it felt amazing I'm sure I would've closed my legs if I were able to.
I felt something hot and hard sliding against me as he lined himself up with my sore hole. "No cumming remember, Slut." He ordered and the next second he slammed into me and I felt his thick, hard cock filling me deliciously. The relief after so much frustration was indescribable. He gave me no chance to adjust to him being inside me before drawing himself out and slamming back inside. Every time he bottomed out, every inch stretching me and hitting my cervix and G spot. I felt his body rubbing against my sore, hot and reddened thighs and backside. It was complete agony but felt so good, I could no longer tell where the pain stopped and pleasure began. I needed to cum so badly, my whole body was shaking and I could feel myself tightening around him and little waves of pleasure crashing over me.
Before I lost control he stopped and held himself still in me. I desperately wanted to push back and feel more of that delicious friction but resisted, no longer afraid of punishment but terrified he would pull out and order me to get dressed and go home. I heard a cap being flipped open and then felt a chilling coldness being squirted on my sore arse cheeks.
A smell of mint hit me as he rubbed what felt like lotion on my arse. A cool tingling soothed me as his warm hands worked it into me in circular movements. It felt so amazing as it soothed, that combined with his hard cock twitching inside me had me aching for relief and struggling not to moan. He spread my cheeks and squirted more of the lotion on my puckered twitching hole. His finger started circling and adding pressure before he pressed it inside me. My nerve endings tingled as his finger slowly stretched me and he twisted it inside me.
A second finger slipped in to join the first, with cock still inside me it felt fantastic. He started to slowly slide his cock in and out in time with his fingers in my arse. I could feel myself tightening up around him, my body starting to shake. His thrusts were speeding up, driving me closer to a forbidden orgasm. I fought with everything I had to keep it under control, fighting every delicious sensation.
He pulled out of both my holes and I had to bite my lip to keep from whimpering out loud. I felt the wet tip of his cock dripping with pre cum lining up with my arsehole. He reached up and grabbed my hair tightly, pulling my head back awkwardly as he pushed his thick cock inside my tight hole. His cock was wet from being inside me and I was so turned on there was hardly any pain only a delicious fullness, until his body hit my sore cheeks. He let out a deep groan as he buried himself deeply inside me.
He started slowly thrusting, I felt so full, the pleasure started to build quickly, every nerve ending was singing with it. He started to speed up, the room was full of the sounds of heavy breathing, his moans and grunts and the slapping of skin on skin. Before long I was shaking and could barely hold back the inevitable.
He leaned forward and I felt his hot breath on my neck and ear as he whispered "Cum for me Slut, cum on my cock like the slut you are." I stopped fighting, tremors flowed through my body. My cunt and my arsehole quaked and clenched. A ragged cry escaped my lips as I lost control. I felt him swelling in me, his teeth closed on my neck. The pain in my neck and scalp from his hair pulling barely registered as I felt him lose control and bury himself deeply inside as he filled my arse with a massive load of hot spunk.
He collapsed across me, panting, I could feel his heart racing against my back as he tried to catch his breath. He softly kissed the point on my neck where he'd bitten me. While I shook and shivered underneath him. My whole body ached deliciously like I'd run a marathon, I knew that once the endorphins wore off I would certainly know all about it.