It takes James a few weeks to come up with a suitable surprise for Jeremy, not because he's short on ideas but because he wants to be sure, absolutely sure, of his conclusion. This thing they have is more amazing than he'd ever dreamed, and he doesn't want to cock it up by asking for too much, or for the wrong things.

But eventually he decides he's got the right end of the stick on this one. Because Jeremy likes it when he bites, and he makes this delicious little whining noise in the back of his throat when James scrapes his fingernails across the soft skin on the inside of Jeremy's thighs. James thinks he'll probably make an even better noise when the clamps close around his nipples, pinching just this side of too tightly.

He brings them out one afternoon for no particular reason. He and Jeremy are naked and lying on the bed, kissing languidly. The afternoon sunlight sneaks in through the blinds and makes patterns across the pale cream of Jeremy's skin and the dark blue of the duvet. Jeremy stretches his arms up over his head, working out the kinks his shoulders had no doubt developed during the morning's writing session hunched over the computer. James thinks, Fucking gorgeous, and rolls them over until he's straddling Jeremy's thighs, moving his hips to rock them together in a slow, sultry rhythm.

"Mmmm," Jeremy says. "James, that's... oh." The way his Adam's apple bobs when he swallows sends a shock of desire straight to James' cock.

"I've a surprise for you," James says. "Do you want it?"

Jeremy's eyes go wide and he wets his lips. "Yes."

James smiles, then leans forward, pressing the length of his body against Jeremy's. He loves the warmth of Jeremy's skin against his stomach, the way he can feel Jeremy's breath against his neck. He pulls open the drawer of the bedside table, then roots around blindly until he can feel the cool metal underneath his fingers.

He sits up again, and holds out his hand, palm up, to display the clamps, the metal of the chain that links them gleaming in the faint light. "All right?"

"Oh, god," Jeremy says. "Oh, god. James. Yes, I, I." He takes a deep, shuddering breath. "Yes."

James smirks. He leans down and presses a kiss to Jeremy's mouth, lush and full of promise, and then sits back so that he can see what he's doing. He's practiced with the mechanism of the clamps enough that he feels confident here, but he doesn't want to seriously hurt Jeremy and anyway he knows, thanks to a somewhat drunken admission, that Jeremy finds his thoroughness extremely arousing.

He closes his hand around the clamps but lets the chain slither free to dangle from his fist. Slowly, carefully, he drags the curved middle of the chain up across Jeremy's belly and over one of his nipples, the ridges of the links catching faintly on the pebbled skin. Jeremy makes a choked noise, and fists his hands in the duvet. James repeats the motion with the other nipple, then traces patterns back and forth across Jeremy's chest with the chain, raising and lowering his hand at different times in order to let different lengths of chain come into contact with Jeremy's skin. He watches avidly as Jeremy's nipples stiffen into peaks, the skin rippling and tightening under the onslaught of sensation.

By now they're both breathing heavily, and Jeremy's hips are beginning to thrust helplessly upwards, rubbing their cocks together. James leans down a little and blows a stream of air across Jeremy's skin. Jeremy shudders and pulls his arms down until he can grab onto James' thighs.

James says, "Ready?" and Jeremy nods violently.

"Of course I'm ready," he says, clearly trying to sound defiant but mainly just sounding desperate. James loves this about Jeremy, the way his secrets creep out between the lines of his ever-present bluster.

James lets the metal come to rest in a heap in the middle of Jeremy's chest, then lifts one of the clamps to Jeremy's left nipple and carefully fastens it at the lowest setting. He's tested this on the webbing between his thumb and forefinger, like the instructions say to do, and he's confident it will be enough for a bit of pain but not so much that it causes actual damage. Besides, they can always increase the pressure if they want.

As the clamp tightens Jeremy bites down on his lip and breathes out hard, his nostrils flaring. James waits while he rides out the first wave of sensation, watches it pass over Jeremy's face as he struggles to get himself under control. It's one of the hottest things James has ever seen, and his cock throbs just from watching and thinking, I did that.

After a moment Jeremy says, "Okay," hoarsely, and James slowly fastens the other clamp. Jeremy seems to have braced himself for it this time, so it only takes a few seconds before he says, "That's... good. So good. Fuck, James."

James flicks his eyes over to the clock on the bedside table and notes the time. He's read that the clamps shouldn't be left on for more than ten minutes, so he's on something of a deadline for making this experience happen.

He hooks a finger in the chain and lifts it up, then tugs lightly, experimentally. Jeremy's groan is everything that he could have hoped for, deep and involuntarily sincere, so he tugs again, a little harder this time. A sheen of sweat breaks out on Jeremy's neck and chest, making him glow a little in the afternoon sunlight, and James rakes his gaze over Jeremy's body, trying to take it all in. Jeremy's eyes are locked on James' fingers where they hold the chain. James tugs again, then twists the chain between thumb and forefinger, putting on a show of playing with it, letting the rough texture of the links slide against his skin.

Jeremy says, "You fucking tease," but it's breathless and half-admiring rather than an admonition. Still, James tugs the chain sharply to one side as if to remind Jeremy that he's at James' mercy, and Jeremy gasps, his hands going tight on James' thighs.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," Jeremy says, and James hesitates for a moment.

"Too much?" he says, but Jeremy is already shaking his head.

"No, it's good, fuck, don't stop," he says.

James pulls on the chain again, this time slowly, inexorably. Jeremy whines in the back of his throat so James tugs hard again, getting a gasp and a moan of pleasure in return. Jeremy bites down on his bottom lip, and this gives James an idea.

He lifts the chain to his mouth and closes his teeth on it, then pulls his hand away. Jeremy's eyes go gratifyingly wide, and his cock jumps where it's pressed against James' between them.

Jeremy says, "Oh, god," and James grins a little. He tugs gently again, then rests his hands on either side of Jeremy's shoulders and leans down to kiss him, pressing his chest against the clamps for added pressure even as the chain pulls upwards on Jeremy's nipples. Their mouths come together, hot and rough, just the way James likes it. The chain is passed between their mouths, tongue to tongue, and James grinds down with his hips in matching rhythm. The blood races through his veins like electricity, like fire. Jeremy spreads his legs enough to curl his feet against James' calves, and tenderness wells up unexpectedly in James' throat. Love you, he thinks, but doesn't say it, can't say it yet. Maybe can't say it ever, but maybe it doesn't matter as long as he can keep having this.

He kisses Jeremy harder, biting at the place where the chain meets Jeremy's lips and drawing a series of groans as the chain goes taut. The noises Jeremy makes are like music, low and sweet and infused with things neither of them can name.

James realizes that if he's not careful he'll come like this, so he takes the chain between his teeth and pulls back. Jeremy's head lifts from the sheets, blindly following, and James smiles softly.

"I'm not done yet," he says, and Jeremy drops his head back with a groan.

"You're going to kill me," he says faintly, but he's grinning, and James finds himself grinning back.

"You're sturdier than you look, I happen to know," he says.

He lets the chain fall from his mouth to Jeremy's chest, then dips his head and licks along the length of it, tasting sweat and skin beneath the tang of the metal. He knows he's practically drooling, that his mouth is slick with saliva from the kiss, and he doesn't care, because this is possibly the hottest thing in the universe, having Jeremy beneath him, squirming and desperate with desire. When he reaches the left end of the chain he opens his mouth and sucks the nipple in, clamp and all, sensing Jeremy's grunt of pleasure more through vibration than by sound. James flicks his tongue between the two pieces of the clamp, darting, teasing licks to provide something soft against the pinch of the clamp.

Jeremy is moaning helplessly now, his fingertips digging into James' skin and his head thrown back as he writhes with it. His breath comes out in pants, little gasping hitches of breath that make James' cock twitch with desire where it's pressed between them. James pulls off and then goes for the other nipple, giving it the same treatment of sucking and the tender caress of his tongue, until Jeremy is incoherent with pleasure, babbling half-words and obscenities between his moans.

Eventually James looks up at the clock, then sighs a little internally. Ten minutes up. They'll definitely have to do this again, because he hasn't had a chance to try out even half of the ideas he's come up with. Reluctantly he pulls his mouth away, nuzzling at Jeremy's skin as he goes.

"I'm going to take these off," he says. "And then I'm going to make you come."

"Fuck," Jeremy mouths, and then nods.

James unfastens the clamps, using his fingernails to release them both simultaneously. Jeremy whimpers as he lifts them away, and the sound is so arousing that James has to lean down to kiss him, tossing the clamps in the direction of the bedside table without really paying much attention to where they land. Jeremy says, "James, James, James," against his mouth, pleading, so James works a hand between them and rests his palm against one of Jeremy's nipples, not pinching or stroking but just pressing down firmly against the damp skin.

He says, "Come."

Jeremy shouts and comes, pulsing hot and wet against James' cock, and the sensation combined with the sight of his eyes rolling back in his head is enough to send James over the edge, the muscles of his thighs straining as he thrusts uncontrollably against Jeremy's hip.

When he comes back to himself his face is buried in Jeremy's neck and the sweat is drying on both their bodies. The afternoon sunlight has changed angles up onto the pillows at the top of the bed, and the sweat drying on his back is suddenly a bit too cool for comfort, so James drops a careful kiss on Jeremy's chin and begins to disentangle himself. Jeremy hisses as he pulls away and James freezes.

"All right?"

"Yeah," says Jeremy, stroking a hand over James' arm. "Just, sensitive is all. Good sensitive. That was... amazing." He looks a bit sheepish as he says this, and James kisses him again reassuringly.

"Yeah," he says. "It was." He sits up, then stands, stretching. "Better clean us up." Then he gives Jeremy a smirk. "You can start thinking about your next surprise."

The last thing James sees before he goes into the bathroom for a cloth is the slow smile spreading across Jeremy's face.