I have held a very low opinion of the people who post much of the material on websites such as these as they relate to situations that many have not and will never encounter. What is worse it has a strong influence on others who believe that what is written is somehow factual and therefore the actions portrayed in them are acceptable and normal.

That said I guess I'm joining those now but I feel the need to submit this, just to try to give you all a view of what happens as a result of these written fantasies. Of course I know that a few are genuine but most are not.

My stupid husband started reading pornography a long time before we met but it was only after we started living together he shared it with me. Now it's not something that really floated my boat but like most women I went along with it as it helped to get us in the mood.

A little later on after we got married he started to surf the internet and began to read a range of stories as well as looking a various pictures on sex websites. Now I never married him for his brains, his not stupid, but I didn't think he would begin to fall under its spell and more importantly start to have serious fantasies based on what was written.

Anyway, slowly he began to bring it to bed with him, by that I mean the pillow talk and ideas which although was just talk I found it not only a little degrading (it could be quite offensive) but a mild turn-off. Anyway over the next year or so there were frequent whispered conversations which I usually ignored or politely agreed with but occasionally I'd have to tell him to shut up as I didn't find the conversation in the least bit arousing.

Not long before Mollie, our first child, was born he started to talk about it quite a bit more. I realised that he was frustrated by my swollen belly so his only source of relief were his surfing sessions. I didn't mind him doing this and so I decided to even helped him he set up the PC in a different room so he would have `space' to use the web without being disturbed. 

He was then free to play with himself while viewing porn and I never went into the room when he was there unless he left the door open. Unfortunately this temporary green light became a permanent one and so after the baby came along and I was in my post pregnancy condition he was still surfing like mad and when finally we were able to make love with me again it didn't stop him surfing.

Things were ok although I had to tell him to be less vocal about these fantasies the first few times we made love especially as I felt emotional and thought the events should be tender, loving and sensuous not fuelled by dirty talk. Unfortunately it seemed no amount of telling him actually deterred him from this when we were in the throes of passion so despite the fact that I had told him on countless occasions these scenarios did nothing for me, he still continued with them. It was still only a few short months since the birth of our child but it seemed he was desperate for it every night and although he mostly had to be satisfied with surfing we still did it two days per week for that first month of sex.

Anyway one evening he was particularly base about how I'd look really great in a body stocking (his main fantasy outfit of choice) bent over the bonnet of a car while being done by a big black bouncer when I pointed out that our little girl was sleeping next to us in her cot and I really thought this inappropriate as firstly I would never dress like that and secondly it wouldn't turn me on but make me feel sick.

I remember that night because Matt was actually very upset by my response and got really defensive saying that this was meant to be pillow talk designed to help our lovemaking since it was so recent after the baby (and although he didn't say it, I was still a little overweight) and now I'd ruined the moment. Well of course I had, for about five seconds! So before I'd even drawn breath to say I was sorry he was back at it although thankfully quiet.

He started talking again a few minutes later and taking what he'd said to heart I decided to go with the flow and even agreed that once I got down to my old weight a sexy body stocking would accentuate my curves and make me feel hot. Anyway it was that sort of conversation more or less and he was happy.

Matt really couldn't stop his incessant chatter in bed so over the following weeks I let him talk about things as long as they didn't get to graphic or degrading and he enjoyed being able to express his thoughts although there was seldom an evening when I didn't have to make him aware I thought he was going too far.

When my birthday came around three weeks later he presented me with two boxes and said they were naughty and nice. I opened the first to find my favourite perfume and a ticket for a spa day. Then I opened the second and looked at the contents with a degree of disappointment.

"That's the naughty one." He supplied as I looked at a body stocking, mini skirt and tiny top. I didn't know what to say so he added helpfully; "For around the house."  I reasoned that although it wasn't my thing it was his and I knew I was far from being a prude or frigid so knew it would be fun if I was in the mood. Also I was down to close to my pre-baby shape after spending several hours over the past weeks in the gym, although I had much larger breasts as I was still breast feeding.

"It looks interesting." I responded kindly, smiling. "Maybe tonight."

Well that was it for Matt and once little Molly was in her cot that night he was keen for me to put the clothes on immediately but I absolutely refused to wear them while we ate my birthday dinner. After we finished he badgered me until I finally sighed and agreed to put them on so went upstairs to change.

The body stocking had a round neck and was opaque black and even had thumb holes. It was actually a bit of a fight getting it on then I turned to the other clothes. The silver shimmery skirt was belted tightly about the waist but fell in loose pleats just below my crotch while the identical top was a single band of material that stretched around my breasts. Actually it wasn't too bad so I didn't feel that cheap wearing it and went back down to Matt but was sent back up to return in heels.

I arrived in the lounge and was greeted with a deep kiss then Matt put on some music and we slow danced him running his hands all over me. Needless to say a few minutes into this he started murmuring that this was what other men would be doing if they were dancing with me at a club. It wasn't what I wanted to hear and tried to shush him but he continued at a low level until finally we sat down and began to play with each other.

Of course my silly husband had bought a garment without an opening at the crotch so although he rubbed me through the material he soon got a rather frustrated. Anyway he then decided to make an alteration and the next thing I know he was trying to make a hole with some scissors. I insisted he stop and to keep him happy I went into the kitchen and did it properly myself making sure it wasn't going to ladder.

Now I was more crudely attired Matt and I began to play with each other properly then when I was good and excited he began a stream of sex talk which I went along with. Quite suddenly he paused and switching off the side lamps he put on the TV and switched on the DVD machine.

The thing powered up and a film started: The screen was filled with a woman talking to the person behind the camera, he asked her to tell everyone what she wanted which she did; basically it was a sex tape and the woman was about to perform sex with a man while her husband watched and another man recorded it.

I asked Matt to please stop it as it was more than a little off putting but he said for me just to watch as it was hot, it was clear therefore he'd already viewed it at least once. Anyway we were now on the verge of sex ourselves so I let it go and we saw the woman being joined by a large black guy and they made out.

Matt took this moment to pop on a condom and enter me as I lay on the sofa so the sounds of the woman making out were joined by our own. I'm not going to pretend that it wasn't exciting or that the sex tape wasn't a turn on but it was not really needed at least not for me and certainly not Matt who went over the top really quickly.

It actually looked like I was going to be left very frustrated but to my surprise he pulled out and actually removed the rubber and fired his cum over my new skirt before quickly going down on me. I was very wet and aroused so very soon I was really close but he paused for a while getting me to play with him so he could catch me up again. We lay watching the woman now performing oral sex on the black guy's very large cock this was obviously having the required effect on Matt as he was soon very turned on.

"Look at the size of that monster." Matt said as I played with him. "that's what they call a whore maker because any white woman who takes it will crave it forever after." (I must now add that the words are not exact but more less what he said or suggested)

I remember saying `don't be daft' or something like that but then he sprang into action again and after urging me to do so twice, he got me to get on all fours facing the screen. I watched as the woman finally lay on her back and the man entered her slowly. Matt was cooing at this going on and on about how complete the experience must be for the woman and how she was going to be totally satisfied.

I'm not sure if it was then but I think it was, when Matt said that it looked so right her small white body covered by a black man.. Anyway I was now really close to my own orgasm and as began to move and pant I remember him pulling my head up, I'd been focussing on the carpet, and said "Look at that it's so perfect her married pussy conquered by a black stallion." He added some other stuff about her excitement but I really can't begin to remember what although I remember the `stallion' remark well.

Then my own orgasm hit me and as I hit my peak my bloody husband said "imagine that cock's in you now." Anyway I came and he did for the second time. I actually felt like he'd taken something away from the moment saying that because I was actually focussing on his cock in me not some oversized porn king.

We fell away satisfied and Matt thankfully stopped the DVD then after we cuddled for a few minutes we went to bed only Matt insisted I sleep in the body stocking. I agreed since I was still having that tingly feeling that meant I could probably go a second round and after wiping his cum off my new skirt I lay that and the top on the side then slipped into our bed.

Now Matt was fuelled by the porn we'd seen and no amount of shushing could stop him talking relentlessly about both how fantastic I looked and felt in the new outfit and less happily how brilliant the sex must have been for the woman in the film. Anyway before long we are at it like rabbits (being a little quiet not to wake the baby) and sensing I was not far from another orgasm he started to talk about how the woman could have been me and how much pleasure I would have got from his big fat black cock.

The problem was it simply wasn't my fantasy so it actually took me off the boil a little at first but despite this he went on and on suggesting I'd look fantastic dressed in this gear bent over a sofa with a black man fucking me, Of course it was an erotic scene being pictured and after a while I got excited then quite suddenly found myself racing to a big climax. Matt had managed to hold himself back but now he also came and with him chuckling about pushing my buttons I fell into an exhausted sleep.

I woke and was nursing our baby in the middle of the night, the body stocking pulled off on arm so that I could breast feed. Matt woke and looked at me. "That looks quite a useful bit of clothing." He suggested sleepily.

"Well it's helping to keep all of me a little bit warmer especially my legs." I answered honestly. "Although my flannel pyjama's are much better."

"But for old grannies." He added then went back to sleep.

I really can't understand this need to turn everything sexual but Matt seemed to have decided that his favourite sexy gear should become standard nightwear for me and tried to get me to wear the damn thing again the following night but I refused. I did agree the next night after his constant whining. Of course this meant we made love again and also meant I ended up breast feeding again with it half off my shoulder.




Now I only mention this because as you will probably guess Matt saw this as the justification to present me with another `present' box the following week namely no less than three additional items.

One of them was very similar to one he'd given me for my birthday although it had cut-outs for my breasts (and also my sex but the first one did now anyway) Matt gleefully informed me that it meant I could use it as bed wear and not have to worry about breastfeeding. A second was a black lace design with a plunging V at the front, again as my husband pointed out it would allow for easy feeding. To say the least I was totally speechless but not in gratitude and what was worse the third was actually a dark red PVC cat-suit. The latter was a crazy (and I suspected expensive) purchase as it was a complete head-to-toe costume; except for the zips around the breasts and the crotch. When squeezed into it I suspected I'd feel like an idiot or a dyke.

I swore at him and told him to send them back but he just looked at me as if I was being unreasonable and suggested that I at least try them on. I told him he was becoming a pervert and left them where I'd discarded them.

I suppose it was inevitable that if he didn't attempt to get his money back he would keep on at me and so it proved. He was at least sensible not to push it for a few days but as I was sitting feeding the baby wrapped in a blanket he made a comment that the lovely warm outfit would be better wear when breastfeeding. You can imagine the foul look I gave him but said nothing. Actually I was a little cold when I climbed back into bed and put my icy feet on his back to punish him.

Later that morning we lay in bed and Matt mentioned how cold I was then mentioned the cat-suit and how held simply got it as a way of keeping me warm. This made me laugh since it was the most blatantly fetish item I'd ever seen but he kept a straight face and said it was true so I asked about the others only he smiled at this and admitted that while they would probably help as well it was as much for him as me.

Anyway a couple of days further on and it was Friday and when we went to bed he begged me to wear one of the new garments. I said no but relented and put on the one with the lacy design. I must admit that I felt sexy being dressed like that and so we fooled around for quite a while as we made love. It was only spoiled by Matt's whispered descriptions of how sexy I'd be dressed like this in a nightclub or to be more precise the consequences of this. This was namely against the outside wall later in that mythical evening, needless to say, not involving Matt but someone else. 

Still the sex was good and since it was another night when the baby woke for a feed I actually did the breastfeeding without having to undress and simply sat up and slapped her on for a bit. Matt of course gave a sage-like nod and added that the cat-suit would be even warmer but I ignored this.

We moved Mollie into her own room a day later and that was when she decided to wake several times over the next few nights. In the end when we went to bed one night Matt had laid the cat-suit out. I pushed it away but he pointed out I'd been really cold on a couple of occasions the past few nights so I should at least try it. I didn't but that night after getting up twice I did a `quick' third visit to her only this lasted ages and as predicted I was cold when I finally got back to bed.

The next night without actually mentioning it, since I was going to bed before Matt, I decided to try it on because to be honest I felt like sex and knew that would give him the green light. Now the first thing I discovered was it was very tight and I almost gave up but finally I was in and felt a cross between an infant in a baby-grow and some form of sex pervert: The hood was really tight to my head and there was no chance of slipping it off, similarly while it was shaped to my breasts they were still over-large and were pressed very hard in the confined space. Still it felt really sexy and I was definitely warm, even a little too warm!

I went to bed but was feeling highly aroused so when Matt finally came to bed I was ready for him. He was beside himself and despite the fact that he had almost certainly relieved himself while surfing he was as hard as wood and the sex was fantastic. I must admit that I was really turned on and allowed him to talk his way through our lovemaking even though his descriptions of me dressed in the outfit being take by a group of lads in a nightclub toilet wasn't what I had in mind, still it was a so erotic we both had fun and I must confess I had the biggest orgasm ever.

Ironically Mollie slept through that night but the following, when I didn't have it on, she got Matt and I up once apiece. I wore it again the next night and besides the great sex I was genuinely grateful to it when I breastfed her in the early hours of the morning although I looked at myself in the mirror and realised I looked like a dominatrix .

In the end I adopted it as occasional nightwear mainly because it got me in the mood whenever I wore it. This was of course to Matt's great enthusiasm and I didn't have the hood up as it was too damned hot. In between I wore the other new body stockings and let him have sexy with me in those since with the blatant cut-outs they could hardly be used for much else. I must admit we used up a lot of condoms those following days and my sex life was the best ever.

Matt had a look in his eye when he asked me why I was not wearing any of the suits a few nights later and I told him they were in the wash. To stop him wasting more money I explained that while it was surprisingly good for my breastfeeding of Mollie it wasn't a long-term deal as she would soon not require feeds and just as significantly I found the hood more than a little off-putting.

I needed to have been blunter with him because only two days later I found a new cat-suit on the bed that night; white but without a hood but otherwise very similar. Actually I didn't baulk at this I was again feeling horny so put it on before bed finding it good to wear. Matt of course was walking around with a hard-on even before I discovered it and no sooner was I in bed than he joined me and we did it like rabbits again.

Now this is the background to why I started to wear either body-stockings or cat-suits to bed and I guess why Matt got so much more sex meaning he got away with his sex talk more than he had ever before.

Not so long ago I read a book about sexual psychology and it said that most men think about sex incessantly and when they go without for long period the frustration of this abstinence can grow and grow. When men get a lot of sex they become blas about it and often they are actually less demanding for it.

Women on the other-hand do not have the same growing frustrations, although that is not true for everyone, and periods without sex don't tend to lead to the same build-up of sexual desires as in men. However it is also said to be true that when women engage in prolonged and repeated sexual encounters they are stimulated to repeat this behaviour as their libido is working overtime.

This I realise was true of me as I was now happy to have sex most days and I'm sure it was because of this; or basically doing it frequently encouraged me to do it frequently while similarly, immediately after Mollies birth (trying to put aside the fact that my bits felt buggered!) I hadn't had sex for ages and had little urge to do so.

Anyway we probably had more sex for the next few months than the whole year before I was pregnant although Matt's demands did drop off a little. The one thing that still annoyed me a bit was his need to turn every session into a fantasy usually involving some hung black gang member or a teen near-rapist. I guess he needed this to get off but thinking back I should have been hurt that despite the fact I was now dressing every night in clothing he fantasised about he still needed to embroider tales of club-land encounters or dark alley assaults.

Still we were very happy and as I've mentioned several times above my sex life was actually terrific and I felt lucky that I was having the best sex of my life. I even enjoyed dressing up to excite Matt and on a few occasions I would walk into the lounge in one of the costumes and ask him if he was coming to bed. I don't think I ever got a no!

So that is the very prolonged background to what happened. I suppose I'm saying that I wasn't a wilting flower, not a prude but while our sex life had gone up several notches it was a little kinky but far from wild. So time moved towards our wedding anniversary and Matt and I were still enjoying good sex and I'd even allowed him to spout his bullshit in my ear as he got off. 

He was still stuck in a rut about a guy taking me when I was dressed in one of the body-stockings although the location, style and outcome changed according to what Matt felt like that evening. Anyway the week before our day he went on and on about wanting us to have a really special night and after a few doubts I agreed that Mollie could spent the evening with my parents even though I thought it better for us to have mum over to babysit.

Now I expected we would go out for dinner but Matt brought home a take-away, some fizz and chocolates and we sat down and enjoyed a nice meal. The intention was for my mother to bring Mollie home around half eleven so Matt had us eat early so we could, as he put it, party.

He persuaded me to put the sliver skirt as before (no top this time) only it was over my lacy body stocking and with heels I must admit I looked very sexy. We sat in the lounge with the lights low and he worked on me for ages until I was about to explode then he stopped and said we needed more wine. 

Matt looked about then asked me if I could wait for a few minutes as he wanted us to fool around a little longer but I said no. However he said it wouldn't take long and pulling his clothes together he popped out in the car and drove off to the shops. I wasn't best pleased but had only waited for a minute or two when I heard the door go and got up to see why he was back so soon.

I saw a huge shadow and turned just as a large man grabbed me and I was very roughly dragged away to the hall. I screamed and yelled for Matt only the guy slapped me really hard and I shut up. I remember that I could taste my own bloody as I bit my tongue then when I tried to get free again he hit me again in the stomach. I was petrified and cried out once more only this time it was cut short with a really hard pull of my hair.

"I'm gonna' fuck you lady." He said "And you're gonna love every inch of it!" He said in a slangy London accent. He then dragged me over to the bottom of our staircase and pushing me onto my stomach he tried to hold me down as I struggled.

I yelled for Matt again but the guy hit me with his hand on the back of  the head and it bloody hurt so much that I felt dazed. "No more!" He said menacingly, "Or I'll knock out your teeth."

Until that moment I always thought that I would never submit to rape and would fight to the end but now I was in shock. And before I could even begin to get my thoughts back in order I was lying across the bottom three steps of the staircase with my stomach on the half-landing and my knees on the hall carpet.

I began to cry as the man started to push something huge between my thighs and I realised it was his large cock.

"Please!" I sobbed "Please don't do this. "I'm a mother with a small baby." Then he pushed his disgusting manhood into me and I wept properly. He was very big and it hurt a little but worse was the fact that because I was so wet he said with a deep snigger I was clearly hot for him. I was turned to the side looking at his large black hand gripping the top stair as he levered into me.

Anyway he pushed deeper and deeper until I was full and still it went on. I begged him again saying I wouldn't say anything to anyone if he'd just leave now but he simply added that he was `snug' now and then he started to have sex with me.

This is the real world not some fantasy and it was truly horrible. I was conscious of the fact that Matt wasn't back and I was helpless plus all the time the man was telling me that since I was dressed like a slut I obviously needed his cock.

The whole thing went on for what seemed like ages but actually wasn't, I didn't stop pleading with him until he gave me a bit of a slap again so all I could do then was sob into the stair carpet as this awful man used me.

I wasn't even aware of him when he came but after a while he got off me and I felt his cock exit. I lay with his dirty slime dripping out of me before I got to my knees. Suddenly he pulled me to my feet and thrust a bottle into my face and told me to drink. I did reluctantly; it was squash.

Then I was told to go to my bedroom which I did stumbling in the near darkness before sitting on my bed as the room began to spin and a tried to ask him what he'd given me but that was it and I went out like a light a few moments later.

I awoke in my own bed and it was morning. I felt so dozy it was hard to open my eyes properly. I looked about and found Matt dressing for work my thoughts were very fuzzy and as I struggled to put them in order Matt turned and saw me and gave me a kiss.

"Bit of a killjoy last night weren't you!" he teased but smiled at me. "I'll get you a cup of tea. Remember you owe me tonight!" I lay still only vaguely aware that something was very wrong but I simply found it impossible to remember what and besides my body felt like lead and my eyes kept drooping.

"Mollie's been fed and we've had a bit of time together but she could do with some company" he said "however you look really tired so get some rest she'll be fine for an hour or so.

I must admit I dozed again until Mollie's cries woke me and I got up to see her. As I did so the memories returned and I gasped as I remembered the rape. I rushed to the bathroom and checked my face but there were no bruises from the slapping and looking at my sex through my tear filled eyes I found it neat and clean and apparently untouched.

I was at a loss so sat trying to order my thoughts or go over the events logically as they now seemed jumbled with the sex talk with Matt so it was really hard to decide what was real and what wasn't, especially as my husband had been going on and on about some of his stupid fantasies which were very similar to what had occurred.

Anyway I decided that I simply must have been mistaken and I spent the next several hours doing what I normally do including meeting friends for coffee however the nagging thoughts about rape wouldn't go away. By mid afternoon the events seemed to have come back almost totally so I phoned Matt and told him but he was silent for a moment to two then said "but that's what we were talking about when we were having sex!"

I said that while it was it didn't mean the rape hadn't occurred but then he added that he'd been surprised just how excited I'd become over it so perhaps the combination of lots of wine, my exhaustion after the baby and our very intimate sex session had got me confused. I agreed that I was really confused but suggested he leave work early so we could talk as I was scared that I really had been raped.

That night we talked it through but all that happened was my deepening confusion. I tried to put the memories into the context of a drunken fantasy but it didn't sit right yet there were no signs of a struggle and if I had been raped how come I'd been safely tucked up in bed when Matt returned with the wine. Anyway I wasn't in the mood after that at least not for a while, I still felt upset although I tried to tell myself it was irrational and I simply couldn't have been attacked.

The next weekend after seeing friends we went to bed and Matt finally persuaded me to have sex again. After a long discussion I agreed and to please him (and me because I was rather drunk) I put on the white cat-suit but of course Matt started the talking thing which didn't please me much. He then went into graphic detail about me being `taken on the stairs and what position I was in and everything else so much so I asked him where he got it from and he answered that it had been the fantasy we'd talked about a week ago.

After a while, since I wasn't really in the mood he went down on me then came back and started to talk dirt again this time about me dressed in the cat-suit being tied to the bed and taken by another big black guy. I didn't find this at all exciting but Matt did and came. He insisted on going down on me until I finally came. We were both hot and sweaty so he got us some cola and we sat drinking it before going to sleep.

He was up early the following day and I again awoke feeling really disorientated and groggy. Matt then said he would take Mollie to my parents by himself as it was only going to be a flying visit anyway and he would let me sleep as I clearly needed it.

I was soon nodding off again but was woken by the bedroom door opening and there stood another huge black guy.

"Morning bitch, time for a good fucking." He said and he grabbed my wrists then tied them together as I screamed. He then went for my legs so I started to kick but he growled that he would punch me in the face until I was unconscious if I made contact with him again and I was so scared I simply gave in. My mind was still really fuzz and it somehow didn't feel as real as before but once my ankles were secured to the bed legs he got on top of me and put his enormous cock inside me then it felt real.

My arms were hanging over his head as his broad shoulders moved with his thrusts. He tried to kiss me but I turned away but the result was he bit me hard and I yelled. "Kiss me properly bitch!" He said so I reluctantly did trying not to be sick which wasn't that easy. He was revolting and his tongue swirled about my mouth as he continued to use me aggressively his cock going slowly into my surprisingly open sex. As I said I was so disorientated that morning the room actually span around for a bit.

It is strange but his cock wasn't really that hard or at least it didn't feel it which one part of my mind was a little surprised at. Anyway during this assault he called me some revolting names and asked me several times if I was enjoying it. Finally after what seemed an eternity he got off although I knew he'd not cum. He went downstairs and I prayed he was leaving but he returned and once he was in the room I realised he had one of my kitchen knives. I started crying and begged him not to kill me as his frame towered over me again.

He stood for a long time before telling me that if I wanted him not to carve me then I had to be really nice to him. He then cut the tights holding my legs to the bed and moved them up one at a time until they were over my head. I tried not to cry anymore as he refastened each of them to the headboard. Then he started again and I nearly died as he pushed into me it was so deep. He continued to take me like this for ages although it was quite uncomfortable but soon he finished then as promised he cut me down and left me lying on the bed with strict instructions not to move.

He returned a few minutes later and that was when he told me to suck him off. I wanted to die and even getting close to his manhood made me want to vomit. I was actually retching as I started but soon he was holding my head over his cock as I did my best to please him, conscious that he still had the knife nearby.

After about fifteen minutes my jaw was really aching and that was when he got on top of me and started again. I turned my head to one side and endured this for another thirty, or so minutes before he came in me once more.

Then he forced me out of bed and we showered before we went back to the bedroom and sat surreally drinking milk. We sat on the bed silently for quite some time before I was aware that things were becoming even more indistinct and before long it all went blank.

I wasn't really with it until Mollie woke me again well into the afternoon and after seeing to her I returned to bed and sat wondering if I was loosing my head. I remembered clearly Matt's pillow talk the night before and the fact that my assault was completely identical shook me. It dawned on me that maybe I was really having some daylight fantasies of my own although it seemed real and considering it was a fantasy it wasn't at all nice. I recalled feeling `out of it' during the morning so I couldn't even be sure of anything.

I check myself over but found no trace of any assault; the only bruise was on my neck but Matt had bitten me the night before pretending to be an assailant so even that could be explained, my sex was moist and red but otherwise didn't have any tell-tale sperm lingering around. I then realised the man (if he existed outside my head) had used my stockings to restrain me so I checked my drawers only to find every pair in place.

I found Matt in the lounge and after stumbling over the events tearfully a few times I then admitted to the complete lack of evidence. Matt was worried, angry and upset in equal measure but then when I spoke of the lack of evidence including the cut-up stockings plus my disorientation he went very quiet. It was clear what he thought and since I had doubts myself I agreed. 

Anyway most of the rest of Monday I was at a loss but much later when Mollie was finally down we talked about it in much more detail until he laughed and said that it was clear I was suffering badly from sleep depravation and although he was concerned it was apparent my own deep held fantasies were surfacing.

I wasn't so sure but what could I do? I let it go until the Wednesday when I dropped Mollie at mums and went out shopping and lunch before picking her up around four.
The problem was that when I got to the town centre I bizarrely found my purse missing and had to drive home to find it. The man pounced on me as soon as I got inside only this time I didn't struggle and allowed him to take me to my bed.

He sat me on the bed and gave me an energy drink to, as he put it give my the calories I needed for a good fucking then he had sex with me slowly at first as I lay there wondering how this very real and physical act could possibly be a dream but as time went on I became really confused and felt more and more aroused yet distant. Maybe I had lost my marbles but I simply couldn't tell but I was floating by the time it was over.

I think we showered again but I was in a daze and for about an hour I lay on the bed before sleeping then woke and sat staring at the walls trying to decide if I should phone the police, Matt or book to see a therapist.

I decided to check myself again only of course I found nothing so I talked to Matt. He pointed out that there was absolutely no way any assailant would have been waiting in our house ready to pounce on me; firstly because we hadn't been broken into and secondly because there was no way anyone would have know I was about to return alone. He then suggested I relax the rest for the day because Mollie was in good hands and that I should try to get some normality back into my life. I agreed and after cancelling lunch I went to sleep for hours before picking up Mollie.

Matthew was actually excited about this latest event and after we chatted he asked me if I wanted his honest opinion to which I said yes. He told me he thought that I was falling into some very realistic dreams of my sexual fantasies and the activities were simply what my mind wanted to happen. He also said he though that when I was conscious I was too embarrassed to allow these kinky ideas to flourish which was why they kept reoccurring in my dreams.

I told him they were nasty dreams and not what I wanted but he shook his head and said that while I was saying that, deep down it was what I did want to happen hence the nearly-real dreams.

Any way since he was convinced that deep within me I wanted to explore my fantasies further he dressed me in one of the Body stockings again then we sat in the lounge making out before having sex. He insisted we have the DVD on as well and I actually watched it fully with him as the woman did a lot of different sexual activities with the man on the screen. I got very excited (although I don't think it was especially due to the nature of the material) and we had good sex although I confessed to Matt I was scared about how I would react the following day.

I suppose what happened that Friday was what I should have expected. After drinking my morning tea I changed Mollie and took her shopping then came home and was joined by Matt who had come home for lunch (a rarity as he didn't work that locally) as a surprise and just in case anything was actually happening so he could discover it. After he left I settled into a quiet afternoon on once again I seemed to loose myself and could remember little until the evening when I woke in bed and got up to find it was nearly ten and Matt was down in the lounge sitting watching TV.

Matt initiated sex and I found myself very responsive even when he began to talk about me being shared with a hung stranger as we sat in the lounge and how I would look good riding his big black cock. I slept well that night but when I woke I had several flashbacks of me riding a black man even though I knew they weren't true. It was then I realised what Matt had suggested was correct that basically I had started to manifest my deep sexual desires in the form of `real' dreams.

So we talked again that morning as we had time for once, it was a Saturday. After a long and frank conversation I finally agreed with Matt that I needed to try to be more accepting of these hidden desires so that these dreams didn't suddenly pop out at me when I was feeling exhausted. 

At Matt's insistence we made love that afternoon as we read a story he'd printed of the net about the rape of a wife by a burglar during which she is used for several hours then forced to pose for the man before he disappears. Of course in the story she has a climax during the act and was then easily blackmailed into not telling so endures several weeks of this until she is hooked on the man's big cock.

That night Matt insisted he wanted me to dress up for him so I did and we had sex again only this time he stopped and said we should go to sleep despite the fact we were both excited as a way of prolonging the enjoyment.

It had the effect he wanted and in the morning before we got up to Mollie he played with me then waited until she was fed and returned to her cot then he started again and this time with only a little prompting I participated in the fantasy talk since was feeling really turned on. He was the one who introduced the fantasy of a large black man who forced me onto all fours and took me from behind in front of Mollie but never the less it was a turn on and I had a very big climax.

That afternoon Matt was going out so around two after a coffee he put Mollie down for her afternoon nap and disappeared while I sat watching the TV. I was once again feeling strange both horny and very lightheaded when quite suddenly a black man appeared in front of me and directed me to the bedroom. As Matt had suggested I went with the flow but when he pushed me into Mollies room and told me to get on all fours I realised that once again it was an enactment of our earlier sex talk.

So I was on all fours my sex on fire as he took me in front of my daughter just as we had fantasised only I had a very, very large climax and bucked and moaned as the room blurred my whole world seemed to be my sex and the monster cock erupting in me.
I woke on the sofa with Matt shaking me. I then told him I'd had another one of `those' dreams. When I went on to explain it he just laughed and said that despite my telling him it wasn't very nice when we'd talked about it, it obviously hit the spot.

There was another similar event the following week when after dinner I suddenly felt strange then a black guy appeared in the lounge and as Matt watched I mounted his long thin cock and rode him to what I dreamed was a huge climax. This was the self same fantasy as we'd mutually shared the night before.

It was a week later that I realised I'd missed my period and told Matt that despite the rubbers he was going to be a dad again. His face fell and he shook his head. I told him yes but he said "God no!" 

I was a little hurt since although it was probably too close to Mollie to be sensible I loved the idea of more children and told him so. But he looked shocked then asked if I could be mistaken but I'd done a test so told him no. Then he really shocked me by suggesting I get rid of it to which I told him straight I didn't believe in abortion and up until then I didn't think he did either.

Matt looked at me and shook his head again.

"You can't have this baby!" he stated looking white as a sheet.

"Well I will!" I said coldly. "You should be happy for us!"

"You don't understand!" he shouted. "The guys told me they were snipped."

I looked at him not understanding what he was on about until he added: "The black guys who had sex with you. They both told me they were snipped. You see it was just meant get you hooked on it so we could then have a bit of fun." 

I stared at my perverted husband and said nothing then quietly went and sat in our bedroom. I tried to think everything through, the rapes, the reluctant sex of a week or so before and more alarmingly the very passionate sex I'd had for the last couple of weeks. I cried again then realised that there was no point sitting alone anymore so I returned to Matt who was pacing up and down outside the bedroom door.

We sat in our room him looking at his feet as I asked him to explain in detail and no lies or I was going out of the door never to return (I was going to do that anyway but wanted the truth first).

So he told me that he'd been talking online to a load of people about me and black sexing and eventually there were three guys who had separately suggested he take it to the next level. At first he'd refused but then he was sent a couple of homemade videos of wives becoming black cock sluts and he was persuaded by them to try to make it happen. Eventually the guys had suggested some drugs and one of them told him he could get the drugs if Matt wanted to make it happen.

The guy had appeared and done the first rape only it was meant to have been a seduction but neither of them expected me to be so uncooperative. But the drugs had done the trick and made me doubt myself and after that I'd had a wide variety of drugs from sedatives to date rape drugs. Matt had staged all the sessions with the guys including deliberately taking my purse so I'd have to return home just after Matt had let the guy into our house.

Matt then explained that the last several times I'd been willing and very active it had seemed clear that I was just as keen to do it as he was to watch.

It was so humiliating knowing I'd done this willingly over the recent weeks and that my body had been used and abused by strangers. I threw him out that evening and cried forever. How could I explain it to anyone? Nobody would believe I didn't realise it was real (God how stupid was I? I knew deep down but somehow Matt had made me doubt that) and I really didn't feel able to have a termination because I'd always thought of it as a form of murder.

In the end I spoke to my mother who was appalled then angry only with me! I could not get her to believe that it was Matt who had done this and more to the point that I'd believed the acts to be some form of vivid dream. I reluctantly came around to the view that everyone would think the same. Yes they would support me to my face but secretly talk about how I'd got pregnant by a black man and there was the lack of police involvement plus the awful recent memories of me thrashing around having major orgasms. So after a few days alone I phoned Matt and told him to visit that night.

We struck a deal which meant no more sex and he was the one who had to help persuade everyone the second child was due to rape. I then went to the police and told then about the first time and how I'd only recalled it in flashbacks but thought it something from one of those TV dramas that were on at the time until I'd decided it could be. They were more than a little suspicious but took a statement anyway.

Of course there were no DNA records to be had until the baby was born but I still had counselling and since it was a genuine rape (albeit prompted by my husband) this helped me to come to terms with it and I think finally persuaded the authorities that I might be telling the truth.

So here we are a year and a half later with two children one white the other black and with our marriage in ruins. I've not made love since the last sexual encounter with one of the black rapists and that still upsets me because at the time it felt like the best sex I'd ever had. Matt walks around very unhappy these days although I suspect he may have been unfaithful to me recently but even if he has I really don't care except to hope he's caught a dose of something.

Please remember that this all came from believing that sex stories are in anyway true. 

[Thanks to R for this - hope you like the final version]





