Hey buddies! I'd been pretty much eager to put my story at indiansexstories since a long time , but I was not getting the appropriate time, however, I'm here today. first let me describe myself, I , Nandita, am 25 years of age and married since 6 years. I am beautiful looking with fair height of 5'4". from very beginning, I was not satisfied with my husband. because, he started crying on very first night of our married life. he had something wrong with him , but he took some expensive medicines thereafter, and got alright. nevertheless, I got attracted to my nephew (18 years), few years ago. when we all had been to a picnic. his kindness and joyful behavior let me think again about my first night. I thought if I had this guy at that time. however, nothing improper happened that time. but the day I wanted came right after one year. when he was on a vacation to our home, since we are not joint family, and he , with his parents lives in the city of jaipur. and I live with my husband in bikaner.

This incident happened for the first time three years ago, when he was playing with my little son, who was two yrs. that at time. I entered into the room. while he was laying on the bed, I lowered myself to him so that he could have a glimpse of my large size boobs. actually , I wanted him vigorously. I was giving him so many hints , but he was just dumb. because he could never think of my strange intentions. but that day, I laid my son with him to get a chance to visit him in the night. and my plan was working at its best. because, I told my husband that, I was going to sleep with my child in 's room. in the night, I started chatting with , asking about his college time. he told things about his boys college. I showed some sympathy to him for being in boys college.

I was lying right next to him. the chat went long, meanwhile , I held his hand and gently caressed and then kissed it. he got little surprised. but did not understood any thing. while he was amazed , I gave him a kiss on the cheek. this made him stunned. he was just freezed. he did not say anything. just continued staring at roof. He was totally surprised until I got up and kissed on his lips. then he understood what I was up to. and he said to me " So should I give a response" I said "sure why not!" then he put his right hand on my right boob through my clothes. he started fondling and caressing it and started french kissing me passionately. his tongue was roaming inside my mouth. he put his tongue between my upper teeth and upper lip. he was going wild. at the same time, my tongue was exploring his mouth. and he was still busy with my tits.

he pinched my nipple and that painful move stopped our wild kiss. but I had not screamed so loud that my husband could wake up in the other room. , lifted my maxi upwards to reveal my boobs. he said he was very much eager to suck on them. and he asked for my permission. I said "what the heck just Go Ahead!" he cupped my boobs with both hands and squeezed them simultaneously. since I was lying on my back, I lifted myself little upward in the air, so that he could undo my bra. and he did so. and my melons were before him. his eyes lid wide open and right came his slurping tongue on one of my nipples. at first he was just moving his tongue on the nipples, I felt nice, but when he clumped his lips on them, I felt in heaven. he started sucking on my tits. Au, he was a tremendous sucker.

I was moaning with utmost pleasure. while he was sucking me , his hands went down to my belly and then to my pussy, he put his index finger right between my cunt lips. I was loving every moment of his touches. then he took his face away from my tits to my legs. he started to lick my legs from bottom to top , right up to my thighs. I was just enjoying and groaning. because sometimes, he used to bite on my thighs. suddenly , I pushed him away. and lowered my maxione again. I don't know why the hell I did that. after that I turned back and slept. in the morning he apologized for the things he did to me in the last night. I asked a counter question, whether he liked that or not. he answered positively. and that made me happy too. infact, I was cursing myself , that why I had stopped him doing so may good things.

After some days, when my husband was out of the town , only me, him and my old mother-in-law was present at home. my mother in law used to sleep in drawing room. I was desperately waiting for the night. and I was sure that something is gonna happen. that day he was sleeping in our bedroom. and I was in adjacent room. it was about 11 p.m. when all lights were put off. and the real night had to start though. my mother-in-law was in her sleep. I sneaked into his room through an adjacent bathroom. which has door from either side. and I had opened both doors according to my strategy. I awakened him and immediately he put his arms around me and pulled me onto him. ohh, I could feel his large dick on my pussy. now he gave me space to lye and shortly we were lying next to each other. and started talking about different matters. after a few minutes of chat, he started to undid my clothes.

I supported him and in a flash I was naked before him, just had my panties on. I pulled his shorts down and then went his underwear. his dick was saluting my stiff boobs. I got hold of that. and put the shaft wholly in my mouth. he was just excited and enjoying his first ever blowjob. I my head was coming up and down of his 7 inch shaft. I wanted him to cum inside my cunt. so put my mouth away. he was still lying on the bed on his back. I slid my pantydown and tried to sit on his penis. and the next moment his throbbing and virgin cock was going inside my cunt hole. he was having his first fuck of the life. I started moving up and down , his dick was a great feeling inside my thirsty pussy. but he did not seem to be comfortable. because my tight pussy was hurting him. and he decided to come over me. and I agreed to him readily. now I was being laid by him on the back. he came over me and parted my legs, he then, pushed his cock deep inside my cunt. and I sighed in relief. he started to ramm his rock hard cock back and forth in my waiting pussy. he made me cum and he could feel my water on his dick. it worked as a lubricant for his busy cock. and he gained some speed. now I was being fucked hard and fast. he was ramming his rod with a great speed. and I was bit surprised to see his stamina. while he was stroking his dick in and out of my pussy, my tits were rolling and moving in circular direction. and I was busy fondling my clitoris.

I cummed once again with a loud scream, my eyes shut close with satisfaction and the next moment, I could feel his cock was about to cum, and he put that thing out of my cunt and with just one stroke of hand, he started cumming on all over my white boobs and belly. he had a great time with me , that's what I 'm sure about. moreover, I was fully satisfied with him, because of his cock size and great stamina. my husband never made me cum. he just put his penis inside me and quickly gets ejaculated. but I like being fucked hard and as long as I would cum. so he happened to be the better guy.

After we had finished, I heard some noise from the drawing room. my m-i-law was probably awakened, she was about to pass near from our room and I quickly get hold on the situation and entered in my room through that bathroom way. before that I told , not to sleep right now , we have to do a lot more today. like me he was also eager to do much more things .she was finished after some time and came out of the another bathroom. but till then I was feeling sleepy and I got a nap. and he was also got asleep because he did not come to me thereafter that night. next day, there was same situation , but the bad thing was I got my date. and I was not ready to have sex. so we decided get stuck on kissing and sucking.

So that's all my first experience with my own nephew. I had sex with him for 5 times.probably, I'll write one another experience with him. so till then ,
