
A short, mildly erotic science fiction story, only a little rough language to worry about.
                            Perhaps.


Music? . . .how about . . .

Nano,  Nano,  It's off to work we go

or maybe . . .

I was working in the lab late one night. When . . .




                    Industrial Accident


A call of nature wore her up and she only had time to  lie back on her pillow for a second until
the pain of urgency in her groin forced Teresa to struggle her ponderous body from the bed and
waddle into the washroom. Splashing relief eased her panic and wandering back into the
bedroom, she started worrying about the time. The alarm clock she had purchased just yesterday
was gone. A flash of anger crossed her mind. That damn Charlie had taken it, the third one in a
month. Probably for one of his experiments. 

She dug into her night stand and pulled out her watch. 8:30 am, shit! Her appointment was at
nine. She had missed her appointment for her mid term x-ray and her doctor had sternly advised
her to be sure and not to miss this one. Kicking off her slippers and moving as fast as a heavy
laden women, eight months pregnant, could move. She headed for the shower.



Across town  at  Nanti Construct Incorporated. The door to Charlie's private lab was locked, as it
often was at this hour of the morning. On the work bench a female form was rocking to the
thrusts of the man's penis, slamming into her body. Charlie's brow was glistening with beads of
sweat as he drove his cock as hard and as deep as he could  into the body under him. Holding her
shoulders, he lunged once more and held himself deep in  her cunt as he spasmed. His cock
pulsating, waves of cum spilled from his body into the female. 

"Oh Yes Charlie.  Fuck me, Fuck me Charlie, Fuck me." 

Ecstasy receding, his  muscles still quivered, as lust left him. Exhausted, Charlie dropped his
head onto  her perfect breasts. 

 "Oh Yes Charlie.  Fuck me, Fuck me Charlie, Fuck me." 

Easing himself out of the women, he stepped away,  reaching for a nearby box of tissues. 

 "Oh Yes Charlie.  Fuck me, Fuck me Charlie, Fuck me." 

Annoyed , Charlie snapped at the female, 

"Program Sex end, Program start, Wash up, Go on get out of here."

Expressionless the robot lifted itself from the table and walked towards the lab's shower. 

Thoughtfully watching her hips sway and she walked, Charlie again felt stirring's of lust, 

"Christ she was beautiful. Amazing to think that tiny microscopic robots , with simple
instructions,  could build something so lifelike and they were getting better at it." 

This one was the best of the series so far. He had been using her as a personal fuck toy  for
almost a year and still wanted her every morning,  he arrived at work. Shaking his head,  he sat
down at his terminal to try and get some work done before noon, he planned on fucking  her once
more, just before  lunch,  it improved his appetite. But for now he had to dash a memo off to
those clowns in linguistics. That repeat error was fucking annoying, or annoying his fucking. He
smiled and started typing.




Teresa pulled up at the hospital ambulance drop and the old veteran working as a hospital
volunteer at first made to run her off, until he saw her massive tummy. As she knew he would, he
told her to go on in, he'd park her car. Teresa smiled as she walked into the day clinic, at least
there were some compensations for being  pregnant.  

A slow day, the clinic's staff were waiting for her. Doctor Frelic's nurse had phoned ahead and
told them the Doctor wanted to see Mrs Teresa Ryan's ultra sound images as soon as they were
processed. In a small town like this everyone knew the reason. Not everyday does a forty six year
old women get with child and Doctor Ryan was worried about possible complications. He was
taking no chances. The clinic's staff efficiently set her into a wheelchair and pushed her off
toward the ultra sound department.




Cross town, Charlie was feeling devilish again and told his toy to drop her pants and lean over
the bench. He wanted to test out the fit of her tight little asshole this time. Smearing some love
potion on her perfectly useless, for natures design, but perfectly suitable, for his design, anus. He
had an idea. 

"Program start, Note to file - investigate possibility of having a self lubricating anus for
recreational use. Program end; Program start, Wiggle ass."  

As he smeared the greasy oil on his erect cock, Charlie watched the robot's ass begin to move in
sensuous rotation and laughed to himself. It was always more fun to  try and  hit a moving target.
He planned to nail this one first try. Aiming his cock spear carefully, he  made a fast lunge
forward.



The sound technician at Springdale Clinic had a puzzled look on her face as she examined the
slides. Something was fogging and  corrupting Mrs Ryan's images, metal or some object. 

Stepping out from behind the screens she approached Teresa still lying on the  table. 

"Mrs Ryan , have you had any surgery in your lower back such as a spinal fusion or perhaps a hip
replacement?"

"No, why? "

"Nothing,  some of the photos are messed up and I have to do another set. Now hold very still
this time. Please. Okay on your back, good, don't move now. Okay?"


Half and hour later Teresa was on her way home, wondering if she should pick up another alarm
clock or have it out with Charlie.



Behind her, back at the clinic, the x-ray technician, her departmental supervisor, the resident
doctor and the hospital's administrator were standing in front of a computer screen examining 
both sets of images of Teresa's baby.

In a serious tone the administrator was speaking to the pretty but worried technician, "if this is a
joke young lady I promise you that . . ."

The Doctor interrupted. "Cool it Simon, I've worked with this girl five years now and she's as
dedicated to this hospital as you or I.  She  wouldn't pull a stunt and . . . sorry Jean. I don't think
she has yet acquired the expert skills you'd need,  to fake shots like this. 

Look at them! 

The object, whatever it is, shows in all views, 3D perfect in relation to the other shots. You're
trying to say this is a fake. Not in my opinion, Simon. This is real, that's inside her . . .who is
this, Mrs Ryan?    Simon; That's growing inside of Mrs Ryan,  for a fact."

Simon looked into the serious eyes of his Doctor and pulled out his cell-phone.  

"Sally, Hi, ask Doctor Frelic to step over here this afternoon please. Tell him golf is off and I
have, we have, a problem and I  need him here at two.  Also get that new pediatrician over at
Hopedale Clinic on the phone, ask him, no, tell him to please come over at two also. Don't ask,
Just do it! Thanks."

Turning to the Doctor,  Simon said, " Okay we'll get some discussion going on this. I need
everyone's opinion, but this fucking better not be a joke."

They all turned to look at the wall of slides. Grey ghostly images of a pregnant woman's
abdomen, showed a small baby curled inside her, every tiny feature, perfectly normal, except for
the line of metal, forming the little spine.



Three hours later the meeting in the hospital's board room was breaking up. Although swore to
silence, the Doctors were quietly still discussing the problem as they left the room.

Simon turned to Dr. Frelic . . .

"She's your patient. What your plan Steve? "

" My plan is to drive over to that lab Charlie works at and see what the fuck he's been up to. I
was really surprised when Teresa got pregnant. They gave up on trying to have a child years ago.
Now she seems to have some form of a part human, part robot thing,  growing inside  her and
that dumb ass husband of her's works at that Nanotech lab,  on robots or something. 
Two and two, fucking make, four and I want to see if he's somehow contaminated his wife with
those invisible little robot things. I don't know how he could have,  but I'm God dammed well
gonna find out!"

Simon nodded,  "give me a second while I grab my coat, I want to see this." 



On the other side of town, Charlie was grunting to his third orgasm of the day to the sound of . . .

"Oh Yes Charlie.  Fuck me, Fuck me Charlie, Fuck me."







"I beheld the wretch --- the miserable monster, whom I had created."
     Frankenstein 1818 -  Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley 




End:

Copywrite 2003

SafeWord

"O for a life of Sensations, rather than of Thoughts! - Keats


Disclaimer:

The above story is written as an adult sexual fantasy. Anyone considering doing this at home.
Please write me and tell me how you made out!



-------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: and blah , blah , blah

Nano technology offers some of the most promising advances mankind could hope for including
possibly endless life, barring accidents. 

However, it also offers perils as great as nuclear technology, to which it's closely related , should
we ever lose control.

In the world, there are probably well over one hundred well funded labs working on this new
branch of science at this moment.


Playtime:

The courts someday may have to redefine what cheating is. 
(can you cheat on your wife by screwing a machine? Is it cause for divorce? Should it be cause
for divorce, when it's hard to tell a robot fem from a real human women?)

Doctors may have to redefine what disease is.
(If you catch a case of nanos-sickness by accident, is it a disease?) 

Also the question arises of what actually is a human?
 (The little baby inside of Teresa may be a very well enhanced and improved model of mankind.
But is it still a human? When would it  not be?)



Didn't understand the story?  

Okay, first you have to understand what nanotech is, how it is supposed to work and what
benefits it's supposed to offer.  For that read the links, sorry, but it's a fairly complicated subject.

Then come back read the story again and think about it.   Ask yourself.

What is really happening to the alarm clocks while Teresa sleeps? 
What is inside of her and how did they  get inside of her? 
Who is really in control of Charlie's love toy? 
Is Charlies love toy a corpse, brought back to life by nanotech or is she?
What are they (Teresa, Doctors, Charlie) going to do?
What would you do?



Links

http://www.howstuffworks.com/nanotechnology.htm

http://www.nano.gov/

http://www.kurzweilai.net/meme/frame.html?main=/articles/art0604.html

http://www.kurzweilai.net/brain/frame.html?startThought=Self-Replication

http://www.nano.org.uk/

http://www.sciam.com/nanotech/



Shameless Self Promotion:

A few of SafeWord's  other contemporary hard science fiction works may be found at . . .

  Expletive Deleted   (Sorry :  no sex in any of them anyway)

