Hi guys and girls! I am Divya from Mumbai. I am 23 years old and the incident that I am going to recount took place just a few months ago in April 2009. I have always been quiet conservative and have never had a boyfriend though I am pretty good looking and have a decent figure. I have a brother, Rohit, who lives in Mumbai. He is 25 years old. We have always been quiet close to each other. We share almost everything with each other. Recently, he, my aunt and my uncle came to Mumbai for a month and stayed at our house. I took Rohit to meet all my friends, we went out every day and in about a week we had been to almost every place in Mumbai, we were having a lot of fun.

There was a guy in my school who had a crush on me from quiet sometime and I kind of liked him too. One day he asked me out on a date and I agreed. We spent the evening together, had dinner and then he dropped me back home. When we reached my house and I was about to get off the car, he asked me for a good night kiss, but I was shy and said no. He tried to convince me but I didn't agree, so he kissed me anyway without my permission.

That scared me a little and I said that I have to leave now, he held my hand and asked me to stay in the car and talk to him for a while before leaving. I don't know why but I did as he said and we just kept sitting in the car, talking, for a while. Then suddenly he kissed me again and held me very tight, I tried to get away from him but he held on to me.

He said that he wanted to make love to me but I said that I couldn't do that as I wasn't ready for it and we didn't even know each other properly. So, he got angry at me and tried to force me to make love with him. I started crying and seeing this, he stopped. But he was still angry at me and called me bad names and said that he didn't like me at all in the first place and that I was ugly and useless and other bad names. I quickly got out of the car and went home. I was very upset because of what had happened.

I just wanted to go to my room and cry alone. My mom saw me upset and asked me if something was wrong, I said `no, nothing' and just went to my room. I kept thinking about what had happened and what he had said. I cried a lot and thought that I was indeed ugly and useless and that I was wasting my life or something, as I wasn't like the other girls. I felt very sad and I couldn't sleep.

After a few hours when everyone had gone to sleep, someone knocked at my door, I asked who it was and it turned out to be Rohit. He came into my room and asked me if something was bothering me. I said that I was fine and everything was okay. He said that he had heard me crying as he was in the next room and asked me to tell him why I was upset. I wanted to get the burden off my chest and talk to someone so I told him everything.

He came and sat next to me and said that I shouldn't be upset over what a stupid guy said. He said that I was very pretty and I shouldn't care about what anyone else says. I was feeling better now. He told me not to worry about anything and kissed my cheek. We just sat there for a while, then, he asked me if I had ever had sex before and I said no. Then he asked me if a guy has ever touched me at all and I said no again. We kept talking about general stuff for sometime. I had forgotten all about being upset now and was happily chatting away with him.

After sometime he came closer to me and said that I was such a pretty girl and it's such a surprise that I've never been touched by anyone. I asked him what he meant and he replied that everyone should have such experiences sometimes in life as they are enjoyable and a normal part of life. I just said okay and stayed quiet.

Then he kissed me on my cheek again and held my face with both hands and looked at me. I said that I felt shy that way. He still kept staring at me and softly kissed my lips. I backed off and asked him what he was doing. He told me not to worry and that it would be fine.

He kissed me once again and hugged me to bring me closer to him. He kept kissing me again and again for sometime. I started to like the feeling and didn't resist. Then he slowly made me lie down on the bed and kissed me some more. Then he began to feel my boobs and kiss my neck. I was feeling immensely shy but liking the feeling at the same time. He took off my top and kissed my cleavage. He licked my boobs from over my bra.

Then he pulled down the straps of my bra and kept licking my boobs, slowly, he took my bra off completely. Now I was lying topless in front of him. He squeezed my boobs and licked and bit my nipples. Then he took off his own shirt and paint so that he was only in his boxers. He lies next to me and put my hand on his erect dick. I felt it getting bigger in my hand. Then he continued to kiss my neck, then my cleavage, my boobs, my nipples, my navel and reached my skirt. He took it off and started to rub my clit from over my panty.

I was already wet. I started moaning. It felt very good. He licked my pussy from over my panty and squeezed my boobs with his hands. Then he took off my panty and started fingering me. He kept on fingering me and made me wild as hell, I started to cumm and I was moaning more and more now.

Soon I came and he licked my drenched pussy. He took off his boxers and asked me to rub his dick. I did so. He was becoming hornier and I could see that in his face. He was moaning too. He took his dick out of my hand and started to rub it on my clit. It felt so good.

I wanted him to enter me now. He kept teasing my clit for some more time and then started to push his dick inside me. As I was a virgin, my pussy was very tight and it took a long time before his dick could enter my completely, it hurt a lot but it felt good too. Now he started to move his dick in and out of my pussy slowly while kissing my lips and squeezing my boobs at the same time.

It felt like heaven, it felt like there was no one in the world but the two of us. Gradually, he increased his speed and started to pump me harder. I liked it and asked him to go deeper and harder; he smiled at me and kissed me again. He kept pumping me harder and harder until I was screaming. He kept going for what seemed like a very long time and I kept moaning and saying his name over and over.

Then he suddenly took his dick out and came all over my boobs. We kept kissing and hugging and then went to sleep in each other's tight embrace. We woke up in a few hours and realized that our parents might wake up soon. We quickly wore our clothes and he went to his room. I changed my bed sheet, as there were some drops of blood on it. As I was still tired, I went to sleep again. We made love to each other a couple of times after that until he left for India.

Rohit and me have come even closer to each other now and love each other like lovers and not just like bro and sis. He has promised to move to USA permanently as soon as he can get a job there. He is coming again to visit next month and I can't wait. I hope you all liked my story. I will write about my other experiences with him soo