Carla and Amy ambled the wide busy concrete walk, all the storefronts dressed in their after Holiday specials. Large displays of mechanical objects and blinking colored lights, mannequins with moving arms and legs, even a toy airplane in one, circling with a banner decrying 50% OFF. 
  Did Wendy say where she was going ,or for how long? Amy was worried, as was Carla.
   She said she was taking that Charlotte to talk to dat blueblood, whatever that means. I looked up Blueblood online and found a website. Amy, it looked like a goth clothing store, but when I looked further, it had all these other businesses, online sex, lingerie sales, even a marketing and business counseling department. I called 411 and got this brand new number- they have the corner store now.
  Where Dark & Co. used to be? Oh crap, they had the best sales too. Amy looked up, judging how far they were from the corner, near the river, and the State Theater. Across from them, a robotic dog was barking as a mannequin boy shook his head, and a sign said, Got Batteries?
   Carlas new chunky heel shoes were not broken in, and her feet were aching. She wondered where some of the store merchandise had gone to, and thought maybe someone had a key, and was breaking in and taking things. Amy had listened and consoled her friend, but Amy knew some of the strange magical wards and glyphs that had been carved on the doorposts, and knew, if anyone had intruded, they were probably deeply regretting that by now.
   Amy looked up, noticing how close she was to the State Theater. She and Wendy had danced there many times, before her ankle broke and she had stopped pursuing dance and joined the writing club at school. 
   She turned to say something, but noticed Carla was nearly pressed against the glass of the storefront window, starting navel high and reaching up ten or more feet. In the display, was two mannequins, both wearing lingerie. Dark blue and red lighting gave the ten foot square space an eerie glow. Bright yellow and orange spotlights, placed not only above the props, and models but below them, lit the box well enough to see the products, but provide a sensual but gothic ambience. The scene displayed an attractive domme correcting a young woman, who stood, chained at her legs and wrists to the ceiling. Surrounding the two models  against the display wall, stood six others, alternating male and female. They wore fantastic latex and lace creations, sexually shocking, but compelling to watch. All the models including the two women centered, were living models, not robots or mannequins. They moved in slow fluid motions, their facial expressions and hand gestures being a mix of awe, and arousal.  None seemed to recognize the small crowd on the snowy street, outside the window. The long dark-haired domme center left, was dressed in long pants of tight, flat black leather.  Her midriff was bare, as laced up in front was a thin, black suede camisole, which acted as her bra, and showed cleavage between its laces. She wore a shiny latex hood on her head which pulled her hair back into a ponytail, and rimmed her face. Her makeup was stark with thin, pointed eyebrows and thin dark lips. Her high cheekbones were accentuated, and on her feet were small velvet pumps with chrome four inch stiletto heels. Held in her gloved right hand was a flogging whip, with five suede tails about five feet long.  She moved slowly, almost robotically, raising the whip behind her, locking her hip, then snapping with her elbow and throwing the whip forward just hard enough to air its tentacles into the bare back of the other model. The woman on the right wore a spiderweb of thin, latex straps, crossing her over her shoulders, around her tummy, and breasts, and between her legs. The straps acted as both bra and panty, providing very little modesty for the model. Her butt was completely exposed, and Carla noticed her cheeks tense as she shifted her weight from one hip to the other. A garter around her hips connected large-hole fishnet stockings at the thigh. Her feet were clad in apparently high heels, shiny black patent boots, ankle high. Close inspection by Amy revealed the boots had no heel! The front of the foot was flat to the ground, the angle quite steep, and would take a lot of practice and muscle control. The shiny chains, lowered from some dark spot on the ceiling, allowed the slave girls arms to hang at her waist but no lower, and connected to her ankles by thick leather cuffs. Another chain was clipped to the thin, black collar around her neck, but was slack, and provided nothing more than visual stimulation. The onlookers made slow motion reactions to the scene, some gaping in awe, others chatting together and pointing, laughing. One stood rubbing her long latex gloves about herself, providing the image that the scene she viewed was driving herself to pleasures climactic conclusion.
   Carla had already wandered up the dark steely steps into the foyer of the well lit store area, when Amys right brain and left brain separated the artistic image from data and facts. She shouted after Carla, arresting her in the doorway. Carla craned her neck back outside, in the cold wind.
   Come on! I want to see what they have on sale, besides how they fit in with Wendy and Charlotte and all that.
   How they fit? Amy was flailing her arms, nearly hitting some of the gawkers gathered at the display window. Carla! The slave girl! Its Charlotte!
