Braless Bike Ride
by showife©

Every now and then Sam and I enjoy an early evening ride around a nearby lake on our bikes. Although we don't do this very often we've found that it's good exercise and quite relaxing, at least most of the time. If I can catch Sam when she's feeling a bit adventurous I'll encourage her to go for the ride without wearing a bra. Even though she has small tits that haven't sagged they are soft and pliable and bounce quite a bit while riding around the lake.

I find that she's most often willing when she's already braless, such as after an afternoon of housework or some such. I often try to get her to wear one of her sheerest shirts, or one of her loosest tank tops, but most of the time she doesn't since that would take a deliberate act of her having to go and change clothes. 

If you've read some of the other stories you'll remember that she's doesn't like to expose herself, but only allows it if I'm exposing her, and then she'll go pretty far! 

However, I still haven't figured out a way to take off her shirt while bicycling!

The best opportunity I ever had for showing her titties while on the bicycle happened a couple of years ago. We'd been out doing some clean up in the back yard and she was wearing a rather loose fitting tank top. When she would bend over to pick something up it would fall open and clearly show both of her breasts. After we finished the work, and had a couple of cold drinks I suggested that we go for a bike ride. She thought that was a good idea, and didn't think about changing her shirt as she knew I enjoyed seeing her breasts jiggle as we rode the bikes.

When we got to the garage one of the tires on her bike was flat, and had a hole in it. (I wonder how that happened?) Since we were already to go I suggested that she just take one of our daughters bikes instead. I should add here that her bike has the upright handle bars, while our girls bikes have the typical bent down handle bars. She gave me a questioning look, but when I started to beg she finally said ok.

We rode the mile or so up to the path around the lake without meeting anyone, but I could tell from the shaking inside her shirt that her breasts were indeed hanging loose and swinging freely. I finally got a chance to get along side of her and just as I passed her I looked back to see just how much she was showing. I must say that I was very pleased that both of her little white breasts were exposed all the way to her dark red nipples.

As soon as we got on the trail Sam began to attract attention. The one thing I like about this trail is that it's a one way only for bikes, but the runners and walkers can go either direction. It wasn't long before we'd met a few couples walking towards us. I could tell from the shocked look on the wife's faces, and the grins on the husband's faces that they were able to see her breasts. After meeting a couple of guys running, who actually stopped while she passed, Sam pedaled just a bit further and stopped under a tree in as empty spot in the grass. 

We'd only made it about a third of the way around the lake by then, so I knew she wasn't tired, but I figured that she might be questioning the wisdom of what she was doing. I pulled up along side her and she immediately as "how much am I showing?" At this point I decided that truth was the best response so I told her she was showing it all. She chuckled a little bit, and blushed at the same time, and said that she thought she must be after the last two guys stopped in their tracks.

I complimented her on how great she must look since they were quite a bit younger than she was. I also told her how happy I was to follow along behind her and see the surprised looks on the faces of those that noticed her breasts. About that time it dawned on her that we would meet people that we knew, and what would she do then?

After some discussion about turning around and going back, or questioning if we should we keep going and finish the trip around the lake, and some begging on my part, she said she'd finish the ride. She said she didn't want to walk the bikes back to the starting point, so it would be best to just continue on. When we met someone we knew she would just pretend that we were unaware of how much she was showing.

With that she took off once again, and I kept pace with her, but riding slightly behind her. If just a few moments her fear of meeting someone she knew was realized. After rounding a turn, all of a sudden, she was right in front of another teacher from the school where she used to teach. He was walking around the lake with his wife, and since we hadn't seen them in awhile Sam was forced to stop and visit. As soon as she came to a stop she quickly sat up in the bike seat.

She did quite well in disguising the fact that she knew they'd both seen her bare breasts. However, the other teacher wasn't doing as well as he almost continually stared at the front of her shirt while we chatted for a few minutes.

After we left them I teased Sam that her fellow teacher would now think of her in a whole new way, and I encouraged her to not be quite so fast to sit up if we stopped again. Since she was showing off, and doing it for me, I would like her to be more willing to let them see her. She gave me a frown over her shoulder, and said ok, she'd try. As luck would have it we soon encountered a couple of her former students rollerblading around the lake.

Since we were traveling in opposite directions we passed quite quickly, but almost immediately one of them yelled out hello Mrs. S and turned to catch up with us. Once again we were in a spot where we had to stop to chat. Since she'd previously experienced showing her bare breasts to some students (in another country) I was hoping that Sam would stay leaning down over the handle bars as they came up to her. 

When she came to a stop she straightened up a bit and looked like she was stretching her back. It was obvious to me that she was showing them she wasn't wearing a bra, as if they hadn't already noticed.

After that she bent back down and held onto the handle bars with both hands as she asked them about school, they were both in college now, and what their plans were for the future. I stayed slightly behind her so I could enjoy them looking down her shirt as they tried to not be obvious about it. After just a couple of minutes Sam told them we had to get going and started to move past them. As soon as she was past them, but while I could still see one punched the other and said something like all right, I looked them in the eyes as I went past, smiled and nodded, and said "hope you enjoyed the view." 

Sam was waiting for me up the path a little way and I could tell from the look on her face that she'd enjoyed the encounter with the boys. She was wearing dark sunglasses so without them noticing she'd been able to watch them look down her shirt. Once again I complimented her on her boldness, and although we were in the middle of the park I couldn't help but pinch her already hard nipple as I gave her a long kiss.

We had an uneventful rest of the ride home, but it sure created an atmosphere for a hot night at home 


Braless Bike Ride Ch. 02

After the last Braless Bike Ride I'd always been after Sam to "go it again," but as with most things in life times goes by all too quickly and we never quite got around to having another bike ride where her little titties were so totally on display. 

Yes, we have gone on other bike rides since that time where she did not wear a bra, and we even went on a couple where she wore a skirt and no panties, but each of those times only provided some accidental flashing and nothing that was so overt and intentionally exhibitionistic as that first time. We did however enjoy talking about her showing her tits to a fellow teacher, and even a couple of her former students, and that always added a bit of passion to our lovemaking.

A couple of years had passed and one warm August Saturday we ended up with nothing that we had to do that day. We enjoyed a leisurely champagne brunch as we talked and read the daily newspaper. As we cleared the dishes and cleaned up Sam asked me "what do you want to do today?" My suggestion was "let's go for a bike ride." She just smiled at me and after a couple of naughty comments went off to take a shower.

It seemed like she was taking a long time, but I thought that might just be due to my having to wait as she'd locked the door behind her. I was thinking of following her into the shower, and since she suspected that I might do that she'd locked me out to have some privacy.

It really wasn't very long before she opened the door, knowing that I would be standing in the hallway and said "surprise!" I was surprised as she had taken the extra time in the bathroom because she was shaving her pussy. She rarely does this as she prefers that I do it for her. She looked so fresh and clean (and sexy) that I wanted to grab her and start licking her immediately, but she pushed me into the bathroom. I think I took a shower in record time, but made sure that I was also nice and clean and freshly shaved (face not groin as she doesn't like that). 

I was surprised to find her looking in the closet, still totally nude, as she pretended to fuss over what clothes she should wear for the day. She finally looked at me and with a phony "woe is me" voice said that I better pick out her clothes for her since she just couldn't make up her mind and she didn't want to be wearing the wrong clothing while we went for a bike ride. After all, she might pick out something that was way to revealing, or not revealing enough.

I played along with her and quickly closed the underwear drawer of her dresser. It just didn't seem right that on a nice warm day like today that she should cover up that freshly shaved pussy and her nice little tits. After all, they would enjoy the fresh air and stay cooler if they weren't covered with and extra layer of clothing.

She agreed with me, and right then I knew that I would be in for a wonderful day of enjoying my lovely wife and she exposed her little titties and perhaps even her shaved pussy as we were in the park. I was really hoping that we would meet the right people, and that even someone that we knew, or that she used to teach school with would get to enjoy viewing her almost naked body.

I tossed out a couple of suggestions for clothing, but they were too sheer, or too short. We finally settled on a denim skirt that was about mid-thigh. She'd worn it before when we've ridden our bicycles and it was only if she wasn't careful, or if she was trying to show a bit, that someone would see her panties. I knew that she would feel comfortable in the skirt, but could still show off if she was willing, and since she'd taken the time to shave her pussy that morning I was sure that she was willing.

The top was more of a problem as everything suggest was too big and draped too much or was too sheer. Her choices were a bit more functional and although they would allow her little titties to bounce around that would not allow much exposure. I finally reminded her that she asked me to pick out her clothes and tossed her a tank top that was a couple of sizes too large for her. She just slipped it on over her head and said "let's go."

When we got to the garage I was hoping that she would opt for the bike with the lower handle bars, but instead opted for her upright instead. We filled the water bottles and clipped them on the bike frames and as she leaned down to reach her bottle her top fell away from her breast completely. You could look down the front of her shirt and see both of her little tits, and you even got a complete view of one of her tits through the arm hole of the top.

She asked me if it "shows enough" and I told her that when she bent down it showed her breasts completely to anyone that would be standing close. But when she sat up she was pretty well covered up and no one would suspect that she was able to expose herself completely. I asked her who she was hoping that we might meet up with on the trail, but she just said it didn't matter to her and asked who I wanted her to show off too. Other than "everyone" I told her it would be good to run into a couple more former students, and if we ran into some of the neighbors I would like her to flash them as well.

We took off to the park and as we rode along the side streets to get to the lake I could see that she was practicing leaning down now and then to see what kind of breeze she would feel. I caught up to her during one of those moments and she leaned forward and even though I was right along side of her it was easy to see her complete bare breast through the side of her shirt. 

I was more than satisfied and as we reached the park we started the loop around the lake. As I explained last time bicycles have to go only one direction, while most people walk the opposite way. This provides for an excellent opportunity to quickly meet people and pass them by with out being to obvious. 

However, the fun part of the ride is when you do meet walkers you can't ride side by side, so I always ride behind Sam. That way I get to see the reactions on peoples faces when they realize that they'd been flashed. We met several couples and with about half of them Sam leaned forward a bit to show off her little titties. I could tell that she was getting the job done well as almost all the men were smiling and all the women frowning as I went past.

A couple of women even made rude comments such as "whore" or "slut" to their men, but I don't think they intended Sam to hear, but it was easy for me to hear them. We had only gone about a quarter of the way around the lake and she had already flashed a couple of dozen people her titties, and tried to give a couple others a glimpse of her pussy. 

Sam pulled up under a tree and leaned down to pick up her water bottle just a a group of 12-15 immigrants were walking past. They didn't speak English, but the volume and pace of their language sure picked up as they passed by Sam as she was fully showing them her tits! I couldn't tell if they approved or not, but I hope that it made for a hot night of sex for some of them.

We talked a little bit and I congratulated her on how well she was doing and asked if she was having fun, she replied that she was doing it for me, so I told her that I was having fun. As we were sitting on the bikes a couple who we know from school just happened to walk up and stopped to say hello. We chatted to a little while, and since Sam was sitting up straight she looked very proper. 

After a couple of minutes she took a swig from her water bottle and leaned down to snap it back in place on her bike frame. Since she was less that 3 feet away from the couple they got a good long look at Sam's white little titties and her dark red nipples. I thought for sure the wife gasped, but as Sam sat back up the husband's eyes were glued to her chest. We spent a few more minutes talking about the weather, gardens, the lake and other small talk .

Just when the wife had seemed to settled down enough to talk, and the husband had stopped staring at Sam's chest I said that it sure is hot out, today and riding a bike makes a person really thirsty. Sam took this as a prompt and leaned down to retrieve her water bottle one more time. She seemed to have a difficult time getting a hold of it, but finally came up with it and took a drink. By now the husband was grinning and had given up all pretense of not looking a Sam's titties. But the wife was just beside herself and said they had to go and dragged him away before Sam could replace the water bottle.

By the time they got out of sight we were both laughing and the wife's response and speculating about if he would get scolding for looking, or perhaps he would get something else? We both thought it would the scolding.

We took off and pedaled our way around the lake for another half hour or so without meeting too many people. Sam did her best to try and show off now and then, but it wasn't easy to make it look like she didn't know what she was doing. By now we had come more that two thirds of the way around and I suggested that we stop for a minute as I though her bike needed adjusting.

She wasn't sure what I meant but pulled under the next big tree that offered us some shade. As a couple of groups of people went by she reached down and got her water bottle, and then replaced it as another couple came past. I reached under her seat and twisted the lever that holds the seat in place. Then I told her to hop up on it and when she did the seat dropped down 3-4 inches or more. I then stood in front of her and held the handles bars as she put her feet up on the pedals.

It was obvious that this new seat position would make it a bit more difficult for her to pedal since she would no longer be straightening out her legs on the down push, and when the pedals came up her knees would be out to the side. Even so it wasn't quite what I was hoping for so I asked her to stand up and when she did I slid her skirt up a couple of inches in the back. 

When she hopped back on the bike seat the difference was noticeable. Unless she really tried there was no way that she would be able to cover up her shaved pussy. If she passed by someone quickly they might not notice, but if she was going slow, or stopped to talk to someone they would easily be able to see her nakedness.

She asked me what showed, and I told her that that her pussy was clearly on display, especially if she stops and talks to anyone, or even if she goes slow. She asked me if this was what I wanted and after my "absolutely" she started to pedal back to the path with me trying to catch up.

Once I got behind her I asked her to slow down and bit and she did. I think that her nerves had taken and she was going faster than usual. Although she's flashed and shown off her titties several times in public this was new to her. She's never exposed her pussy, much less her freshly shaved pussy, in broad daylight. She was taking it nice a slow and I'm sure that everyone one we met had a quick view of her bare slit. A couple of people even turned around to look after we passed by so I knew that she was giving a great show.

About this time I really started hoping that we would meet up with someone that we knew, or perhaps even some of her former students. So far we had only met the one couple that we knew and Sam had fully taken advantage of that situation. We had almost completed the circle around the lake and just when it looked like my desire to expose her to people that we knew was not going to happen everything changed.

We only had about 50 feet of the trail left to go and as we rounded the last corner before the the parking lot we came face to face with two of the women from the public school where she had taught. I was amazed at how brave Sam was as she actually called out to them and pulled up to a stop to talk with them.

We quickly introduced ourselves as we didn't know the husbands. Even with just a few quick words of hello being said it was obvious that one of the husbands, who was standing behind his wife, had already given up any pretense of paying attention to the conversation and had his eyes and I'm sure his thoughts fixed on Sam's naked pussy. The other husband was more alongside his wife and he couldn't stare so easily without being caught.

However, since I was slightly behind Sam I could easily watch all of their faces and see their eyes dart down and back up. Even the women would take a quick look now and then and I thought one of they might ask her to cover up but they all pretended that nothing was unusual. So I decided to push things a bit and asked Sam for her water bottle as mine was empty.

My bottle wasn't empty, and she knew that, but she slowly bent down and reached for her bottle. She continued on with her conversation as she tried several times and finally succeeded in freeing her bottle. The guy in the back was oblivious to everything else and was just enjoying the show. The two women looked, looked away, and looked again as Sam gave them a prolonged look at her bared breasts.

When she turned to pass the bottle to me she twisted just slightly and although it was intentional this time it exposed her bare pussy even more. With that one of the woman said it was time to go, the other agreed and grabbed her husband. I waved to the guy who was in the back and as he started to follow his wife I leaned over and asked if he liked the show? His grin was enough response, but he suggested that we call them the next time we go out for a bike ride. 

Sam seemed to be really flushed, she said from the sun, I thought from the experience of showing herself off to some coworkers husbands but handed her the bottle and after having a drink of water we started off towards home. However, going home meant going through the big parking lot for the beach and picnic area and there was quite a crowd of people coming and going.

I don't think that Sam had realized that her skirt had slid up a bit more when she turned around so her pussy could easily be seen by anyone that looked at her. I thought perhaps I should tell her, but then again I was enjoying watching the people's reactions as they realized she was naked. 

We had just about made it through the parking lot when someone called out Sam's name. It was a former student of hers named Joel. This guy was one that she had taught several years ago in a "Baptist School" before she spent some time in the public school. I'm certain that this wasn't one of the former students that she had hoped to meet up with, but it would be certain that after today he would think of her in a whole new way. Well, he may already have thought of her that way but he would see what he'd only dreamed of before.

Sam pulled up and stopped behind a couple of cars as he came running up to her. Once again I stopped slightly behind her so I could watch. He seemed eager to see her and started to tell her about how well he was doing in college and all of a sudden stopped talking in mid sentence. His eyes were fixed on he bare pussy which was completely exposed. She prompted him to continue and he made a couple more statements and stopped again and stared. 

I thought that I would break the silence so once again asked Sam for her water bottle. She did the same routine that she did before and after fumbling around to retrieve it twisted around a bit and handed it to me. Now he didn't know what to say or where to look. I took a drink and handed it back to her and when she leaned down her little titties were less that 2 feet away from him. 

He was still trying to make a complete sentence but had a lack of words. Sam wasn't sure what to do, so I finally told Joel that it was ok to look. He looked shocked and surprised, but all of a sudden seemed to have more words than he knew use and quickly took in all he could he stared at Sam's pussy. At the same time she leaned down a bit to give him the chance to see both her titties and her pussy at the same time. It seemed like a long time, but was perhaps just seconds as his eyes went back and forth, up and down.

Finally he managed to say: "I always knew you were beautiful and sexy, but know I've seen that you really are." I asked him if he liked what he sees and of course that left him almost speechless again. He started with lots of questions but we just waved them off. Even though we were in a public parking lot we seemed to be screened from everyone else so I thought I'd press my luck a bit.

Joel was enjoying the view and not saying much of anything now. Mostly he was staring at Sam's bare pussy completely exposed. I must say it looked good, nice and smooth with the sun shining on her. I just that's what caused me to ask: "would you like to touch it?" He looked at me, and then at Sam, I wasn't sure what she would do but she nodded her head yes. Slowly he reached out and cupped her pussy with his right hand. She slid forward a bit so that she wasn't sitting down any longer as he started to massage her nakedness. 

It only took a moment and I saw Sam shut her eyes as his middle two fingers disappeared from sight. He was starting to rub her pussy and finger fuck her with two fingers when all of a sudden a loud motorcycle came past and everyone jumped. I couldn't tell in the biker knew what was going on but he just went on his way. Sam had pulled her skirt down and Joel had both hands in his pockets looking embarrassed. The moment was broken, and I wondered what might have happened if we hadn't been interrupted.

Finally Joel said that he had to go as a couple of friends were waiting for him. He also mentioned that they had gone to the same school, but hadn't been in Sam's class, and could he introduce them to her? I wasn't too sure about this but with a yell and a wave they appeared right away. After they were introduced Sam remembered who they were and they knew her as well.

I think that Joel was hoping that Sam would show these guys her titties or pussy but she had covered up and wasn't moving while they chatted about school and what they were doing now. Just as they said goodbye and started to leave Sam leaned over and shook both of their hands. I'm sure that this gave each of them a good view of her little titties.

With that our adventure was over. When we got home Sam indicated that it was a good thing the biker had gone by as she wasn't going to stop Joel until he wanted to stop. My take on it was the flip side, too bad the biker came by and spoiled things. I teased her that if Joel had been alone I would have invited him over to play with her some more. She didn't seem opposed to that suggestion, I just wonder what she would have done if he had followed us home?
