https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

Chapter 4 Testing the Taste

Aaron and Andrew headed up the basement stairs, Ill head home and take a quick shower and then meet you back here after lunch. Andrew stated as they reached the top of the stairs.

I will hear no such thing young man. Aarons mother stated as she walked by. You will be eating here and that is that. You can use the shower in my bathroom so you dont have to wait for Aaron to finish up. Leave the door unlocked and Ill get your sweaty clothes and wash them for you.

Andrew nodded to Jill and headed up the stairs after Aaron. What is that smell? He heard Jill ask behind him.

Andrew stopped in Aarons room long enough to get his clothes and then grabbed a towel from the hall closet. He entered Aarons parents room and quickly crossed to the bathroom. Closing the door behind him, he placed his dirty clothes in a pile by the door and his clean clothes on the counter. As he was adjusting the water temperature he heard a knock on the door. Andrew, are you in the shower yet? I have come for your dirty clothes. Jill asked through the door.

Give me a second maam, Andrew replied as he hopped into the shower. The water was still a little cold and he felt goose bumps crawl up his skin. Okay, Im in the shower now.

Andrew heard the door open and he saw Jills shadow as she entered the bathroom and grabbed the dirty clothes off the floor. There is that smell again, God it smells good, he heard her say as the door closed.

Andrew did not think anything of it as the water finally reached an ideal temperature and he lost himself to the feeling of the warm water running down his body. He was so lost in the pleasure of the moment he never heard the door open again. Nor did he notice the shadow of the figure enter the bathroom and undress. His attention was pulled back to the moment however when the shower curtain was pulled aside and a very naked Jill Smith stepped into the shower with him.

Andrew backed away from Aarons mother as she reached for him. I am sorry, Andrew, I dont know what has come over me.  She said as she stepped under the water towards him, her hands stroking her breasts. 

Andrew felt his back press against the cold shower wall, his eyes big as saucers at the sight of his best friends mother naked with water cascading down her body standing in front of him. She was a very beautiful woman who worked hard to keep herself in shape. Her long blond hair was plastered to her skin, her ice blue eyes smoldered with an animalistic lust as she placed her hands on either side of Andrews head and pressed her lips against his. 

As her lips touched his Andrew felt the familiar flash, he then felt her desire, her need to kiss him. He also knew that whatever had happened to his sister was now happening to his best friends mother. Aaron was going to kill him. Andrew involuntarily opened his mouth as Jills tongue slid against his lips. He reached out and pulled her to him as their kiss became more passionate. Jills desire was feeding him, clouding his thoughts.

Jill broke the kiss and looked into Andrews eyes. Her eyes bored into his soul and he felt his heart skip a few beats. Then she lowered herself to her knees and engulfed his cock into her mouth. The feeling of her hot wet mouth enveloping his cock was almost more than his young mind could bear. The difference between Jills technique and his sisters inexperienced form was evident almost immediately as Andrews cock sprang to life in the older womans mouth. 

He looked down at the sight of her head bobbing on his cock, and he felt both that it was wrong and that it was right at the same time. His morals were screaming that this was his best friends mother, a married woman, but something deep down inside of him, something buried and primal screamed that this was right, that she was his and nothing else mattered but what he wanted.

It did not take long for the more primal urge to override his morals and shortly after that he grabbed her hair and was fucking her face. Jill moaned with each stroke of his cock into her mouth. Seconds later he came in her mouth and down her throat. Jill swallowed every drop and then licked her lips. She looked up at Andrew with the same adoring eyes his sister had. What is it you wish Master? I am at your service for as long as you would have me.

Andrew stood her up and stared at her magnificent body. He knew several things at that moment. She was his to use however he wished, he wanted her badly, and it was his right to take her. I want you, I need you. He stated.

Jill smiled and pulled Andrew to her, His face resting between her wet naked breasts. As you wish master I am yours. She replied as she lowered her hand and began to stroke his cock back to hardness. 

As she stroked on his young cock, Andrew pulled his head from her cleavage and sucked her right nipple into his mouth, he licked and sucked on her breast and Jill let out moans of pleasure as she whispered to him. Please, Master, more, that feels so good. He brought his hands up to cup her breasts as his tongue continued to work on her hardening nipples.

Andrew backed off a bit on his attack on Jills breast as his hands slid down to cup her firm ass. He slipped one finger further to find her rosebud and then slid it inside like he had seen in Aarons porno mags. It was an interesting sensation feeling his finger slip into her ass, and Andrew decided he liked it. Jill let out another moan as she felt her new masters finger slip into her ass.

It only took a few strokes of Jills hand on his cock and his finger in and out of her ass before Andrews cock was once again rock hard. Jill smiled with a seductive grin, turned around, and leaned forward onto the adjoining wall presenting her ass and pussy to her master. Please, Master, fuck me. My pussy and ass are yours to use how you wish, she said as she helped guide his cock to her hot and wet cunt.

Andrew let out a moan of pleasure as he felt his cock enter a pussy for the first time. The fact that it was an older woman and his best friends mother was not lost on him and drove him to want it even more. He let Jill set the pace as he fucked her, He wanted to make sure they both got the most enjoyment out of this and she had more experience than he did. With slow deliberate strokes, Andrew fucked his cock into his best friends mother. The feelings running though his brain and body were without description, the sensation of his cock sliding into her moist warm cunt was the greatest feeling of his young life, and he loved it and knew he would be doing this again and again. 

Jill let out a groan of pleasure with every stroke, she loved the feeling of Andrews young cock in her cunt. Her husband Alex hadnt fucked her in weeks and she had needed this so bad, even before Andrew had made her his slave. Andrew had to shush her a few times as her moans grew into screams of pleasure and the last thing he needed was Aaron or his father coming to investigate the noise.

The dual sensation of his physical pleasure and Jills mental pleasure flooding his body and mind was more than Andrew could take for his first time. Oh god this feels so good. I am going to come. He groaned as he felt his balls swell.

Jill let out an even deeper moan as she pushed her body back to meet every one of Andrewss strokes. She was really getting into it. Yes, god yes, Master, fuck me, fuck my hot pussy, cum inside me. Make me a mommy again.

That was that last straw for Andrews weakening will and he felt himself let loose inside her, filling her womb with his seed. Oh god yes, Master, fill me up. Jill moaned as she felt Andrew coming inside her. Her body reacted strongly to his semen and Jill was sent into one of the most intense orgasms of her life, her pussy milked every drop of cum it could from Andrews balls.

Andrew felt himself spurt into Jill several times before his orgasm subsided; it was a few seconds later before Jills pussy quit its own spasms and released his still rock hard cock. As he pulled his cock out of her cunt, the post orgasmic regret hit him. Oh my god, what have I done? He asked as he slipped back against the cold shower wall once more. 

Jill stood up and turned around to face her new master and lover. What was your right, Master, she stated as she approached him. His cum leaked from her pussy and washed down the drain. As I said, I am yours to do with as you wish. My only desire is to please you. Name it and I will do anything to make it yours.

As she said this, Jill kneeled down on her knees once more and took Andrews still hard cock back into her mouth and started sucking on him. Andrew leaned his head back against the shower wall and enjoyed the sensation of her mouth and tongue on his cock. He then looked up suddenly and pushed her mouth off his cock. Stop, please, if we keep this up we will get caught and Mister Smith or Aaron will cut my balls off.

Jill looked up at Andrew with a pout. I wont let them touch you, Master. It is your right to use me for your pleasure and they will have to understand that.

Maam, please, right now I want you to go back to how you treated me before all this, and continue to act that way until I say otherwise, Andrew stated.

Jill stood up and ran her fingers through Andrews hair. As you wish, Master, you had better get dried and downstairs before your lunch gets cold. Ill finish cleaning myself up and then get your dirty clothes in the wash.

Andrew got out of the shower and dried himself off. As he got dressed thoughts of what he had just done to Mrs. Smith both depressed him and made him hard once again. He headed out of the bathroom and sulked his way downstairs. His thoughts were interrupted by a shriek from the living room. Andrew Connor, what the hell did you do to her?!

Andrew jumped and turned to face his accuser. Aarons little sister Sue was standing in the middle of the living room glaring at him. What did I do to whom? Andrew stammered, convinced that Sue knew about him and Jill.

Jen, after she licked you she started acting all funny, mooning over you. She wouldnt stop talking about you. She kept trying to find you; she wanted to KISS you, yuck.

Andrew let out a small sigh of relief. I did not do anything to her, as you said she licked me. How should I know what happened to her? He asked as he started looking around, the last thing he needed was a kiss hungry nine year old stalking him. Where is she anyways?

Sue scowled at him, We got into a fight and I told her to go home. I know you did something to her, and I will find out what it is. She stated as she glared at him one more time and then headed out of the room.

Andrew shook his head and headed for the kitchen, the smell of chili hit him as soon as he rounded the corner. He took a deep breath and enjoyed the pleasant sensation. Aarons mother was one of the best chili cooks in town, she had won several cook-offs. Aaron was scooping himself a large bowl as Andrew entered the kitchen. Its about time you got here. What happened, did Jen catch you in the hall and get that kiss she wanted? Aaron asked with a chuckle, looking at Andrew.

Aaron, that is not funny, what if she did, what would I do then, what if she started acting like my sister and Andrew stopped suddenly as he caught himself before he slipped and told Aaron about his mom. 

Aaron shook his head and chuckled. Yes it was, just the look on your face made it worth it. Besides, we do not know if that was what started the stuff with your sister. Grab a bowl and meet me in my room, I have a hypotheses.

Andrew grabbed a bowl from the table and filled it with chili and followed Aaron out of the kitchen. As he rounded the corner and headed for the stairs, he once again passed Sue on her way to the kitchen. She glared at Andrew and at the last second Andrew could have sworn she quickly leaned into him and sniffed the air as she passed him.

Andrew shook his head and took the stairs two at a time. He came to an abrupt stop just before reaching the top as he almost ran headlong into Jill. He jerked back as he caught himself and attempted to save the bowl of chili in his hand. Jill grabbed Andrew with one hand and steadied the bowl with the other as she pulled him to her and planted a kiss firmly on his lips. The kiss only lasted a second and as soon as their lips parted Jill whispered. God, Master, just being close to you has me wet. Please dont wait too long to fuck me again.

Andrew paled as he looked over her shoulder towards Aarons room, convinced that he would step out any second and catch them. Maam, please not where others can see.

Yes, Master, I am sorry, Master, Jill whispered.

Andrew managed to detangle himself from Jill without spilling his bowl of chili or tumbling down the stairs and headed once more for Aarons room. He shook his head as he took one final glance behind him at Jill where she stood at the top of the stairs staring at him before he headed into the room. Aaron was sitting at his desk looking through a chemistry book as he took bites of his bowl of chili. Its about time dude, have a seat. Aaron said as he pointed towards the second chair next to the desk.

As Andrew sat in the chair and started eating his chili Aaron looked up from his book and grinned. I have an idea but we will need to test it and we will need help, and I think I know how we can kill two birds with one stone.

Andrew stopped with his spoon half way to his mouth. Test it? I dont like the sound of that.

Andy, every hypothesis needs to be tested or it is not a hypothesis. I think that your saliva has the capability of linking you and someone else to each other. In the case of your sister it allowed you to sense where she was and how she was feeling at the time, Aaron said as he turned to face Andrew.  The desire she felt for you and the sense of completion you felt when she gave you oral sex was the catalyst to finalize the process. Basically it was her expressing her acceptance of her fate as your sex slave. Now not every person will feel this need to accept themselves as your sex slave, maybe it will have a different effect on different people. But in order to figure that out we will need to test it. Also we need to do tests on your saliva and your semen. Unfortunately; I do not have the equipment or experience to do these tests properly. However we do know someone who does, Missus. Crabtree. She is a chemistry teacher and she would know what to do and how best to test everything.

Wait, we cant tell Missus Crabtree about this, she will freak. Aaron I had sex with my sister! Andrew replied. We cant tell anyone else about this. Shit, I shouldnt have told you.

Andy, calm down. Aaron said as he made shushing motions towards Andrew. We wont tell her right away, that is why I said we can test the hypothesis as well, we can give her a sample of your saliva, slip it into her coffee cup or something, and see what happens. If the same thing happens to her as happened to Lacey then we can trust her to help us. If not, then we will have disproved the theory that your saliva was the cause and we can start looking somewhere else.

NO! Andrew yelled and then quickly quieted himself. I will not subject someone else to this, it is not right. There has to be another way.

Okay, Andy, I will see what I can do, Aaron said with a frown. I will need a sample of your saliva though so I can test it in my dads lab.

Andrew nodded as Aaron reached over to one of his shelves and pulled out a small beaker, Spit into this for a while so I can get a good sample. Oh, by the way, I got the new Bards Tale game. Want to give it a try?

Andrew took the beaker and nodded Yeah, lets try it, I heard it really rocks.

Andrew spit into the beaker as Aaron reached into his desk drawer and pulled out the game case, he inserted the boot disk into the drive and flipped the switch on the back of his Apple II C. The computer came to life with a beep and the gold screen lit up. The two played on the computer for several hours until Andrews mother called for him to come home for dinner. As Andrew packed up the disks and shut down the computer Aaron took the beaker full of Andrews saliva and took it down to his dads lab, he set the beaker on a shelf and picked up a small vial and filled it with a small amount of the saliva. He covered the beaker and placed a small stopper on the sample and placed it in his book bag. Monday, Monday we see if my hypothesis was correct. He said with a wicked grin.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus