Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 19 - Interlude (Chapter 19)

Melanie was in the common room, watching a movie with her roommates. Josy and Brian were visiting, sitting on either side of her. They were sitting very close, because it was a bit crowded there in the room. Looking to either side, she saw both Brian and Josy looking down at her body, and she looked down as well.

Shocked, she only now noticed she was naked, and her two friends both had a hand on her legs, rubbing the inside of her thighs. Sitting there naked in full view of everyone, she was feeling very aroused. Her roommates were all watching the movie, had they not noticed?

Reese turned her head and stared between her legs, that quiet smile on her face. She briefly looked up and winked.

Embarrassed, Melanie placed her hand on her sex to hide it from view, but in doing so, she felt how wet she was. As if they had a mind of their own, two of her fingers slipped into her opening and started moving in and out. She moaned loudly.

Everyone looked her way. No, dont look!

Melanie woke up, laying on her back with two fingers inside, the palm of her hand pressed down on her clit. It was still dark, possibly hours before dawn. Her hand was moving of its own volition and she gasped in pleasure. Had the moan in her dream been real? She couldnt stop moving her hand, it felt too good.

Laying in the dark, she masturbated for a while, alternating slow and fast strokes with her fingers, while her other hand caressed her thighs, stomach and chest. However, she was not getting closer to orgasm. After a groan of frustration, she stopped moving.

Beside her, Josy spoke up, nice dream?

She wasnt in her own bed! She wasnt alone either; Josy was awake beside her! Oh God. Though it was still dark, from the little light coming in around the curtains, Melanie could see that Josy was laying on her side, facing her.

I think I understand. After what I did to you last night  it mustve been driving you crazy. All that tension, and no release.

Caught red handed, a red faced Melanie lay there unmoving, hand still on her pussy, fingers inside, and feeling that dull ache.

You were at it for a while, but you didnt cum, Josy stated, moving her hand onto Melanies stomach, touching the arm that was still there.

Melanie jumped at the touch, embarrassed that Josy knew what she had been trying to do.

Relax, Josy said, caressing Melanies stomach. Do you want me to go take a long shower, give you some privacy?

Melanie squirmed from the combined sensation of Josys hand on her stomach and her own two fingers still inside. What time is it? No, you dont have to. She sighed. She wouldnt be able to orgasm anyway.

Josy moved her hand lower on her abdomen. Then Do you need a little help? she asked with some amusement in her voice.

Melanie was shocked by Josys suggestion, but the idea also added to her arousal. Ah no I dont think we should do that. She thought back to last night, what she had felt. The butterflies as Josy had kissed her cheek when they said goodnight. She imagined Josys lips, wondering what they felt like touching her own.

Josy began moving her hand over Melanies arm, moving down until she cupped the hand over her sex. I feel guilty though, for what I did.

Josy All of this was confusing Melanie. She was so very embarrassed, knowing that Josy had caught her masturbating. The pleasure she felt as Josys hand put additional pressure on her sex. She was eager to find out what Josy would do, but also scared of what she was feeling. Breaking these boundaries, it felt like she was using Josy, even though Josy was the one who was pushing here. She should say something.

Let me help you. Just let me know if I should stop.

Melanie felt Josy gently take her hand, pulling her fingers out, and then moving her hand up to her stomach, where it was released. She felt Josy move her own hand down again, and gasped when she felt Josy cup her sex, touching all of her, no doubt finding her wetness. She tensed up in disbelief, as well as the pleasure of that touch.

Last night had changed everything. The barriers were fading. Could Josy not sense the path they were heading down? Is it what Josy wants?

She should stop Josy, tell her they couldnt keep pushing these boundaries, without talking about it first. All she could do was whimper in pleasure as Josy slid her hand up, fingers caressing her folds on their way up, to come to a stop on her mons. There it rested for a moment. Sighing, thankful that she didnt have to stop Josy after all, Melanie relaxed.

But then, with fingers on either side of Melanies clit, Josy began stroking down, up and down again, causing more moans. On a downstroke, Josy dipped a fingertip inside to collect some of her juices, spreading them around her folds.

As Josys rubbing fingers increased the pressure on her clit, Melanie arched her back, lifting off the mattress. Her mouth opened, drawing in much needed air in quick gasps. How could she let Josy know they cant do this, without making Josy think shes pushing too much? That theres another reason. Melanie asked herself whether she even wanted to stop Josy.

She felt hot and pushed the bedcover down, baring her chest. At the same time she pulled her feet up under the cover, spreading her knees sideways, and letting one leg rest on Josys legs.

With her legs spread, Josy had better access and Melanie felt Josys finger enter, languidly penetrating her. She turned her head sideways and through the darkness saw Josy looking at her bare chest, her arms movements matching the finger that was going in and out of her slippery wetness. She gripped the bedsheets with her left hand as she closed her eyes and let out another lengthy moan.

Josy added another finger, increasing the tempo of her penetrating strokes. If you cant cum, well have to move this to the common room.

Oh God, no! The threat of doing this out in the common room added to her arousal and a wave of excitement rolled through her.

Still fucking her with two fingers, Josy placed her thumb on Melanies clit, rubbing it along with her hands movements.

Feeling herself getting closer and closer, Melanie kicked off the covers, leaving most of her naked body exposed to the rooms cool air. She could now also clearly hear the sounds of Josys fingers in her sex, knew Josy could hear as well. Thoughts of stopping Josy had long since left her mind. Fuck me, she begged, as she moved her hands to her breasts.

With the bedcovers pushed down Josy was able to sit up. Her thrusts increased, going deeper and faster, and the thumb on Melanies clit was replaced by her other hand, increasing the attention.

Melanie was cresting the wave and bucked her hips, and then she went over, clamping her legs around Josys hand, trapping it. She began a loud moan, but then Josy switched the hand that had been on her clit to her mouth, muffling the sound. She thrashed about, lost in the ecstasy of her orgasm, as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body.

I can feel your muscles pulsing on my fingers. Those fingers, deep inside, held still for a moment.

Josys words came to her through the haze. She was still cumming, and it was a good one.

Slowly but certainly, the twitches eased, she was coming back down to earth, and with it, her thoughts returned. Josy was still wiggling her fingers inside. Melanie released her legs grip and pushed Josys hand away.

Laying there in the afterglow of her orgasm, she felt Josy move on the bed, and shortly after the bedcovers were drawn up again. She wondered what she could say right now.

Josy settled back in beside her. We can get a few more hours of sleep.

Josy

Shh just go back to sleep, Josy said, and again she leaned over, this time to kiss Melanie on her still slightly damp forehead.

Melanie knew she was now in even more trouble than before, but as she drifted off to blissful sleep, she accepted that it was a problem for later.


