Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 20 (Chapter 20)

In a cocoon of sleepy bliss, Melanie felt movement that threatened to wake her. Hmrmm, she complained.

The movement stopped. She became aware that she was laying on her side, against Josy, who was on her back. She had her leg between Josys legs, crotch against hip, arm over stomach, holding on. She felt Josys arm press against her boobs.

Well have to get up soon.

Refusing to open her eyes, Melanie pulled herself against Josy, using both her leg and arm. I didnt hear the alarm. She was not fully awake, preferring to snuggle the warmth beside her.

I turned it off. You slept right through it, Josy said in an amused tone. I dont mind what youre doing, but youre going to make a wet spot on my shirt.

Melanie froze, only now becoming fully aware she had been gently grinding herself against Josys hip. Oh

Besides, we dont have time for that.

We? Feeling the heat rise to her face, Melanie unwrapped her leg and let go of Josy. She opened her eyes and watched as Josy pushed down the covers, got out of bed, and looked back at her. Naked, uncovered, and turned partially onto her back, Josy would be able to see most of her  from her breasts that were slightly smaller than Josys C-cups currently covered by a nightshirt to her toned stomach, hairless pussy, and runners legs.

As Melanie lay there, seeing how Josy looked her up and down, she felt a wave of excitement pass through her. More than before, she enjoyed it when Josy looked at her nakedness. In return, she looked at Josys nipples poking through the nightshirt. She couldnt tell whether Josys nipples were erect or the shirt was just light material. There was no way she could ask. Instead, she stretched, spreading out her arms and legs, wondering if Josy enjoyed the display.

A smiling Josy turned away and walked over to her closet.

Melanie watched her shirt-covered cheeks. Josy had a tight butt, slightly more curvy than her own, making Melanie a little jealous. Can I shower here?

Josy looked back at Melanie. Sure, but only if you walk naked to and from the bathroom.

Both nervous and thrilled at the idea, a shiver went through Melanie. Okay. She immediately thought she shouldnt have accepted so easily.

Josy grabbed some things and headed to the door. Ill be quick. Enjoy a few more moments in bed.

Melanie understood Josys meaning  not yet ready to let Melanie see her undress and get in and out of the shower. She giggled at the contrast of her having to go to the bathroom nude, while Josy wanted her privacy.

As she lay there by herself, her hands roamed her body while her mind returned to her dream. Wait, had she dreamt all of it, or had the second part  where Josy had fingered her to an orgasm  been real? It had been a haze; her memory was clouded by the orgasm that had followed, and she had fallen asleep shortly after. Racking her brain, she was quite certain it had been real.

She brought her fingers up to her nose and sniffed. Yes, she could still smell the faint odor of her sex. If she remembered accurately, Josy hadnt gone to wash her hands either. Had Josy wiped her fingers on the bed or her shirt? Had she smelled them? Had Josy enjoyed fingering her, and getting her off? She didnt know if she could ask any of these questions, feeling embarrassed even to be thinking about them.

Josy came back while Melanie was absently checking her phone. Bathroom is occupied now, but I asked her to knock on my door when shes done.

Melanie looked up from the bed. Josy looked different; she had that nice fresh out of the shower look, her normally dark blonde hair appearing almost brunette. The sleek hair was almost as long as her own, nearly reaching her shoulders.

She watched as Josy let her towel drop, revealing her bra and panties. Hmm, cute, skimpy panties. Standing at her closet, Josy dressed with her back to Melanie. Jeans and a button-down blouse.

Melanie was a bit sad to see Josys mostly bare butt become hidden from view. She decided to get out of bed and go through her bag to get her necessities ready for her shower.

I left you a towel in the bathroom. Just hang it up there. Ill pick it up later.

Oh God, Josy wanted her to walk to the shower and back naked  even a towel!

By the time Josy was brushing her hair, there was a knock on the door. Showers clear, came a voice from the other side.

Melanie had been ready to jump back under the covers, in case the girl in the hallway had opened the door.

Youre up, Josy grinned at her.

Melanie was a bundle of nerves, but she had already agreed. Uh right. She picked up her things and went to the door. Opening it, she peered outside. The hallway was empty. The hallway! Josys room was much further from the bathroom than her own. Not a mere few steps away, but almost the entire hallway.

Looking back at Josy, she begged a question with her eyes.

No, Josy laughed. You can do it, Mel, and I know youll enjoy it too.

Sighing, Melanie looked out the door again, then as quietly as she could, she tip-toed to the bathroom. It seemed like an endless hallway, so many steps, but she made it unseen. Sighing a breath of relief, she put her toiletries down and stepped into the shower. She giggled at the thought that she saved a little time, not needing to undress. After a slightly rushed shower  she didnt want anyone to be standing there waiting for her outside the door  she dried off, hung up the towel, and opened the door.

There was no one there.

She was halfway to Josys door when the door up ahead opened and a girl stepped out. Shit. Left, right, nowhere to go.

Oh, hi, the girl said.

Melanie froze. Too late now. Her arms by her sides felt like lead, holding onto her necessities. Her heart beat loud in her chest.

A pair of eyes looked Melanie over from top to bottom, with a little extra attention on her boobs and pussy. Youre Josys friend, right?

A simple nod. How did she know that? Melanie didnt know what to do. She had to get back to Josys room.

Thankfully the girl seemed unperturbed by her nudity, holding out a hand. Im Sophia.

Melanie fumbled with the items she was holding, then shook Sophias hand. Melanie. Excuse me, she said, moving to pass the girl who was still staring at her nudity.

Sophia giggled. Pleasure meeting you.

Blushing, Melanie walked on to Josys door, quickly going inside. After closing the door, she looked at Josy, who seemed busy, sitting on her chair. What had Josy told her roommates about her? It had almost seemed like Sophia had expected her there.

Welcome back. Have a nice shower? Josy asked without looking her way.

What did you tell your roommates about me?

Josy looked her way and grinned. Why, did someone see you?

Sophia.

Shes fun. What did she say?

Melanie walked over to Josy and stood there, hands on her hips. She seemed to know who I was. What did you tell them?

That youre my friend and you stay over sometimes. I didnt tell them anything about nudity if thats what you mean.

Hmmph.

Anyway, get dressed so we can have breakfast, Josy said, looking Melanie up and down. Or do you want to have breakfast in the nude?

Melanie turned around to get dressed, and Josy slapped her butt, making her jump. She was still embarrassed at being seen by Sophia but smiled at her playful slap. After briefly considering bending over and mooning her, she decided to just get dressed. It wouldnt do well to get carried away.

Going through her bag, the chemise passed through her hands. She took it out, looking back at Josy, wondering if her friend would say something.

Josy didnt say anything, just seemed to be watching patiently, waiting for Melanie to get dressed.

Wearing the chemise to breakfast was tempting. Jess and the other girl had already seen her in it the night before, and Sophia had just seen her naked. It would be good practice for wearing it around her own roommates. Her nerves going crazy, Melanie looked back at Josy again, who was now grinning at her but still not saying anything.

Biting her lip, she decided to do it. She slipped the chemise over her head, and with that, she was dressed for breakfast.

Josy smiled at her. Better lay out your clothes now, so you dont take too long after. Well need to hurry.

Filled with doubts, but ignoring them, Melanie followed Josy out of the room and down to the common room kitchen.

Jess was eating her breakfast on one of the couches. The other girl from the prior evening was there as well, but she didnt remember her name.

Good morning Jess, Livia, Josy said to them.

Livia turned to them. Morning Josy. Melanie, right? I see youre making yourself comfortable again. She giggled.

Jess turned to look as well. Shes a bit like Camille.

Melanie smiled awkwardly at them, then turned to Josy, who was already preparing her breakfast. Camille?

Josy looked around at Jess and Livia, then turned back to her work. Oh, I havent seen her around much. Mostly hangs out in her room, or with her boyfriend. No, I dont think youre like Camille. Jess is talking out of her butt. Josy laughed.

After they had prepared breakfast, they sat at the kitchen table. Halfway through, Jess and Livia went back to their rooms, leaving them alone. Shortly thereafter, Sophia entered, apparently fresh out of the shower.

Hey guys, Sophia said, cheerfully. Melanie, I see you put on some clothes!

Melanie turned crimson.

Josy laughed. Hey Sophia, I heard you and Mel have already become acquainted.

Sophia giggled. Yes, and I approve of your clothing style, she said to Melanie.

Mumbling her thanks, Melanie focused on her breakfast, while Sophia busied herself making a simple meal.

Sophia joined them at the table, looking back and forth between Josy and Melanie. So whats up with you two? she beamed.

Mels been my neighbor since I was young. Now that were at college, we decided to stick together. We even moved to this building the same day.

Youre in the same building? Sophia asked.

Melanie looked up from her food to answer. Yes, fourth floor.

And sleeping over? Coming naked out of the shower? You always wear this to breakfast?

Melanie shook her head as she finished her breakfast. She didnt want to answer any of those questions. Hopefully, they could go back to Josys room soon, though she noticed Josy wasnt finished yet.

Josy spoke up. The chemise is new, and Melanie was showing it to me. She turned to Melanie and said, Can you stand up, show it to Sophia?

Melanie looked Josy in the eyes, seeing a playfulness there that made her worry. After a moments hesitation, Melanie stood up. She smoothed out her chemise and turned a circle for Sophia.

Sophia raised her eyebrows in wonder, looking her up and down. Its good on you. So why the - leaning over the table, - nude walk from the bathroom? she whispered so her voice wouldnt carry beyond the room and only Josy and Melanie could hear.

Melanie blushed at the compliment as well as the question.

Do you really need to ask? Josy whispered. Then she stood up and walked around the table to stand behind Melanie. Now, since you already saw Melanie nude, a little quiz, one question, one prize.

Seeing the curious look on Sophias face, and guessing the question and prize Josy hinted at, Melanie trembled in anticipation, feeling the heat rising to her face. She couldnt believe Josy was being this straightforward. It reminded her of the lunch with Josys family. In particular, what had happened after.

Whats the question? Sophia asked.

Josy, still standing behind Melanie, placed her hands on her friends hips. Simple yes or no. Is Melanie wearing anything under her chemise?

Melanie closed her eyes. She knew what was coming, but couldnt get herself to speak up.

Sophia turned to Josy. No.

Josy slowly moved her hands down Melanies hips. Lets see if youre correct.

Feeling Josy take the hem of her chemise, Melanies eyes shot open, and she looked at Sophia. Josy!

Play along, Mel. No harm if Sophias wrong, and if shes right, well, she already saw you in the hallway.

Melanie squirmed. Was she going to let Josy do this? Strip her naked at the kitchen table  in front of this girl she just met, while the other girls are just a few doors away? She should stop Josy, push her hands away, but at the same time she was feeling goosebumps. She knew she would again play the passenger along for the ride.

As Josy slowly lifted the hem, Sophias eyes followed. First Melanies upper thighs were exposed, then she felt the hem brush against her pussy and knew Sophia could see it.

Sophia looked up, into Melanies eyes. You two play the funnest games. She then looked back down again.

Melanie was blushing furiously, wondering if Josy would keep going. Given Josys quiz question, she guessed she would, and she was proven right as her chemise rose past her belly button. Josy was taking her time, but even so, soon enough the fabric brushed against and over her breasts, baring them.

Lift, Josy said.

Melanie complied, lifting her arms, as Josy moved the chemise a bit faster, taking it off completely.

There she was, standing completely naked in the kitchen of Josys common room. She lowered her arms and watched as Josy put the chemise on the table, moved her chair next to Sophia, and sat down. This was the first time she was naked in front of more than one person, and for some reason, this added to her excitement.

Blushing furiously, she looked between the two, as their eyes explored her nakedness. She couldnt believe she was just standing there, not covering up, letting Sophia see her naked for the second time in less than half an hour. Josy had surprised her, and though she was enjoying it, it also made her very nervous.

Melanie didnt know Sophia; how would the girl react? While she believed that Josy hadnt said anything about this to her roommates, it seemed that soon enough everyone would know. She imagined the repercussions of all of Josys roommates knowing, feeling both excited and anxious at the prospect. Would Josy strip her naked in front of everyone next time?

Josy grinned at Melanie and nudged Sophia. Looks like you guessed right.

Wow, Sophia said. She giggled. Yes, this is fun. You should definitely come visit more often.

Melanie looked away, forcing her eyes shut. She hoped Sophia wouldnt be able to notice her embarrassment. So far the girl hadnt remarked on her blushing, but she knew her nipples were hard from both the cool air and her arousal. Surely they must have noticed.

In the hallway, a door opened. Melanies eyes shot open, and she quickly grabbed the chemise, moving out of sight of the doorway, trying to get it back on. She managed it in time and was almost back at the table when Jess walked into the room.

Josy calmly stood up. Lets get ready for classes, Mel. While Jess was standing at the kitchen counter with her back to them, Josy made a quick keep-quiet signal at Sophia, who nodded. She then walked out of the room, a still flustered Melanie following along behind.

Sophia called after them, See you later, Melanie!

Closing the door behind her, Melanie walked up to Josy, who sat down at her desk, readying her bag to leave. I cant believe you did that.

Josy looked up at her and grinned. All three of us enjoyed that. I told you, Sophia is fun, and shell keep this between us. She winked, then added, For now.

Melanie frowned at her friend.

Admit it, you enjoyed that. A lot.

She shook her head, feeling her face again becoming hot.

Ah, you deny the obvious. Go on, take it off.

Not moving, Melanie asked, Why?

You need to change for classes. Unless youre going to wear that.

Fine. Melanie stripped off the chemise, tossing it onto the bed, while still facing Josy. Standing there naked in front of her, she was already forgetting why she was upset.

Josy moved her chair closer. Last chance, admit you enjoyed it.

By now Melanie was more curious about what Josy might do than anything else. She shook her head, trying to keep the frown on her face.

Josy placed her hand on the inside of Melanies right leg, just above the knee, slowly moving it up her thigh. Grinning, she said, Spread your feet out. Im going to check if youre lying.

Melanie shifted her feet to a bit more than shoulder-width apart. She knew that even if she hadnt enjoyed the events in the kitchen with Sophia, she was enjoying this more than enough to mess with the evidence Josy would soon find between her legs. She fought to keep still as Josys hand moved closer and closer to her center. Ahh, she gasped as Josys fingers touched her sex, probing a little before Josy inserted a finger.

Slowly moving her finger in and out, Josy said, See, you did enjoy it.

Melanie moaned but managed to speak. Not fair! Thats because I stripped just now.

Josy took her finger out, rolling her eyes. More likely from both. Now get dressed, we need to go.

Melanie turned to her clothes laid out on the bed, but then in the edge of her vision, she saw Josy raise her hand to her mouth. She turned her head just in time to see Josy tentatively lick her finger. Wide-eyed, she stared as Josy put the entire finger in her mouth. Melanie quickly turned back to her clothes.

She was shocked. Josy had just tasted her pussy, though it was indirectly, and had apparently liked it. Blushing furiously, she busied herself with putting on her clothes. It appeared that Josy hadnt noticed her looking, and had tried to do that without her knowing. Had Josy done the same during the night? No, probably not. From Josys reaction, it had seemed as if just now had been the first time.

The knowledge excited her tremendously, but she didnt dare confront Josy now. She didnt know what to say. Besides, they did have to hurry to class.



