Slave's Grocery Day
byGrayeyedsub2©
She stood looking at him in utter disbelief. Her forehead was crinkled in trying to understand the why, when all he did was shake his head no. she watched him walk off to get dressed as she sighed and followed him to get dressed as well.

Later, standing in the doorway to the grocery store she took a deep breath and let it out slowly feeling her stomach sink. There were a lot of people shopping today and she knew this was either going to go bad or worse.

He nodded to her as they made their way over to the produce section. She gulped as her heart galloped into high gear and her palms became sweaty. He chuckled under his breath watching her fidgeting in total discomfort. He turned his attention back to the cucumbers that were glistening from the light water that had washed over them recently. He turned them over in his hand testing their size and length. He glanced at her under his lashes to see her quivering and swallowing. He replaced the one he had for a bigger size. He turned locking his eyes with her, saying in a low but loud voice, this is a good size cucumber to run down between your breasts, over your stomach, and down until it scrapes over your tight hard clit.

He had moved up to her emphasizing what he said by getting the cucumber close to her chest and running it down slowly as he talked of how it was going to be used on her. She thought her heart was going to burst through her chest as he spoke as he drew that cucumber down until he got to her groin then moved it away placing it back down upon all the others. She wiped the sweat off her upper lip as she stood staring at it barely registering that he moved on and when she moved, she could hear the sloppy sounds of wetness between her thighs as she walked over to catch up with him. She groaned inwardly and peeking up looked around, her mouth dropped open to see five men gathered around to see what would be said next. Her cheeks burned bright red as she turned back to her Master, seeing the pear he had and got even brighter in color hearing the soft groans that came from the guys around them.

He noticed how fiery red her cheeks were as he noticed the small crowd had gathered around. He continued, saying, when I lay you on your stomach and after bringing the strap upon your fine white ass cheeks, making them fiery red, then I'll kiss my way down to your ass. He had gotten behind her using the pear to run down her back as he continued in a husky voice. I will dip the pear down between your legs as you spread them wide for me. I will use it in your wetness and then swirl it around your anus to make it pucker with need as it kisses the pear and when it is ready, the pear will invade your tight ass. Her brow had broken out in a sweat and her breath was very hard to control as the wetness dripped more on her thighs, giving her thighs a fine sheen. 

He moved back away from her to replace the pear as she once again stared at it as he made his way to the next section. He stood with an evil grin on his face as he held a small piece of ginger. She gasped out as he held it in front of her face, letting her smell it as he explained to her. This ginger will be my way of getting your clit very hard. He moved to demonstrate as he continued to talk. It will set a fire within, causing the clit to swell as your lips engorge with lust and deep arousal as I rub it coating you and just a light touch to your inner lips. She was stunned as she felt the flow of juice flow down on her thighs and as she moved her legs she heard more wetness being rubbed into her thighs. The collection of gasps that followed brought her mind to where they were and more heated color to her cheeks as her Master continued on down through the aisles to the frozen food section. She swallowed thinking if she could rest her head on the glass of a door it might help with the fever that has built beyond anything she has ever felt. She looked up to see quite a following of people stop behind where they too stopped. She stood looking at them wide eyed and looked back at her Master as he continued. He looked at her proud of how she has yet to orgasm and shake uncontrollably as he continued with this. He wanted to explode but knew he would let her feel that deep in her body when he was done with this in the parking lot. 

He opened the freezer door, placing his hand on a bag of ice as he grabbed her arm and pulled her to him and placed her back against the freezer door. She cried out as the cold door touched her back instantly cooling her. The sultry hot look he gave her had her body back up to the hot volcanic temperature he had her at before she got hit with the cool door. He locked eyes with her saying, when I take three pieces of ice, placing them in my hand and between my fingers, I will use them to run them over your face cheeks, down your elegant neck, to that chest of defined breasts, and then slowly over your nipples as they are hard and tight as they are now. He traced his fingertips over her nipples as he continues telling her. Her sharp intake of breath fans his face as he says in his gruff but husky voice, the ice will partially melt as I move it across your tight abdomen down to that perfect clit and over those petals of softness that encase that steamy pussy in which the ice will be used to cool down as I insert it deeply with my fingers, if there is any left at that time.

He reached down under her skirt pulling it up to hear audible gasps behind them as the crowd was shown a shiny pussy that was soaked as he moved his fingers down and up into her hot cavern of heat. She groaned loudly as he shoved them in deeper and told her that the ice would melt immediately as the heat of her would take over as they are doing with his fingers now. She cried out as he shoved his fingers into her one more time deeper than before as she squirted out with her juices covering his fingers and his wrist. He kissed her hungrily as he kept shoving them into her forgetting everyone around them. He stopped to pull his fingers out of her as he heard all the soft moans and groans from those around him, knowing there would be no more. They moved away with soft murmurs of enjoyment and sorry the show had to end. He chuckled and looked into the wide eyes of his slave.

He grabbed her hand and walked to the front of the store where a cop stood at the door giving him a thumbs up as he moved with his slave to the truck, opening the door and leaning her in, he unzipped his pants not waiting to take them down completely as he shoved his cock into her. He growled deeply from the tightness and how slick she was. He kept shoving into her hard and deep as they both cried out in unison exploding with intense orgasms. 
