Craig watched the plastic smiles of the flight attendant, he stood as the seatbelt light was off and reached to grab his bag out of the overhead. When the bleached blonde told him she hoped he had enjoyed his trip, Craig resisted the urge to snarl. All he wanted was to go home, and drink. He exited the plane and walked toward customs.

After what seemed like forever, he was finally cleared through. Dragging his bags and shuffling, he walked toward the exit, head hung down.

David stood up and smiled as he saw Craig coming... and then walk right past him. "Craig," he called after him, walking a little bit faster to catch up as he realized he hadn't heard him. "Craig! PARKER!"

Craig stopped and turned, a distracted frown on his face. "David. Hey. Thanks for coming to get me." He smiled, a thin smile and shouldered one bag and pulled at another.

"No problem at all. Let me take a few of those," David said, taking the suitcase out of Craig's hand without waiting for him to approve it, and slinging his carry-on over his shoulder. "Flight all right?"

"Best thing about my trip." Craig said with a sharp laugh and then cut his eyes at David. "That tell you anything?"

"Best part of which trip... the part where you were in LA, or the part where you up and flew to Spain," David said, leading the way out to the car.

"Both? And damn if it wasn't all my fault." Craig stopped as David opened the trunk. They piled his bags inside and he got into the front seat. "I need a drink or three." He mumbled.

"Your place? Or mine... somehow after all that time away, I'm doubting that you have anything worth eating," David said, starting the car and pulling away from the curb.

"Yeah. Thanks mate." Craig said and stared out of the window. After a few miles he said, "David, have I always been an arsehole?"

Surprised at the question, David turned to look at Craig in surprise, quickly looking back at the road. "What?"

"Nothing. Feeling stupid and sorry for myself." He watched the scenery a few minutes. "Fucking Orlando." He mumbled.

Not for quite some time, Craig. More than long enough to get over it. Clearly you haven't. David thought, ignoring Craig's murmuring for the moment. "You hungry? We can stop and pick something up, or I could make sandwiches back at my place."

"Sandwiches are fine. I'm not really hungry. I just want a drink." He turned and smiled at his friend. "Damn it's great to see you. Feels like it's been a long time. Good to be home."

"It has been a long time," David agreed, nodding his head. "So... how long are you home for this time?" Before you go off chasing Karl, or Dom, or anyone else that Orlando fucked that wasn't you. Well, almost anyone.

"A while. I've got a few things I'm going to do local. I probably won't be going to LA for a while; so-" He shrugged. "How about you?"

"I'm back and forth between here and Australia lately. We'll see how it goes. I'm glad I kept the house there though." Did things go that badly in LA? What the hell did you do? David managed not to sigh out loud.

They rode the rest of the way in relative silence. Later Craig dressed after his shower and stuffed his travel wrinkled clothes in a side compartment of his luggage. He sighed, stretching and walked into the kitchen, to where David was putting some lunch together. "Thanks for the use of the shower. I feel much better." He said and sat down at the table, stretching his legs out.

"I bet you do," David said sympathetically. "Spain to New Zealand is shorter than LA to New Zealand, but it's still a hell of a flight," he said, placing a plateful of sandwiches in front of Craig. "Water? Juice? Grain alcohol?"

"All three, punchbowl and straw?"

"Water and a beer?"

"Sure, thanks." Craig said and smiled.

David poured a glass of each for both of them and joined Craig at the table, stealing a sandwich off the top of his pile. "So... didn't expect you back so soon."

"Yeah, I thought it'd take more time to totally fuck up also. You should have seen it David. I made a spectacular arse of myself - on two continents."

David took another bite of his sandwich, his face revealing nothing. "You want to talk about it?"

"I left Viggo in LA for Marton in Spain, who didn't want me - Like that. His words." Craig said and huffed out a laugh.

"I'm sorry," David said, his voice quiet and sincere. "Have you talked to either of them since?"

"About what? If I never see any of them again-" He trailed off, rubbing his palm over his face. "Orlando is going to convince Marton that he loves him and Marton is going to fall for it." He finished in a soft voice.

This time David wasn't able to hold back the sigh. "You don't think Marton's smarter than that? It's been a long time."

"I - he - fucking hell - we all fell for it once David!" Craig said adamantly.

"It wasn't love. I may have thought it was more than it was, but it was never love," David corrected.

"I just don't want Orlando to hurt Marton."

"I know," David said. "Tell me what happened. Not what you think is going to happen, or you're worried will happen- tell me what happened," he said, taking a sip of his beer and waiting for Craig to keep going.

"Orlando called LA to talk to Viggo about Marton. I left Viggo and flew to Spain and made a - oh god - a truly bad pass at Marton and he said no and here I am." Craig said and took a sip of his beer.

"I thought things were going well with Viggo... you seemed happy last time I talked to you. What made you go to Spain?"

Craig huffed out a breath and laughed. "I have a hundred answers to that, and I have no answer to that." He stood up and paced around the kitchen. "Dammit, I wish I knew the real answer to that."

"You don't love Viggo," David said, rather than asked.

"No, not like that. I thought I could, but-" He trailed off and stared out of the window.

"You don't love Marton," David kept going, his voice even softer this time.

"No, I wanted to, but no, I guess I really don't." He sighed.

"And Orlando... how do you feel about him?" David said, asking this time, leaning back in his chair to look at Craig.

"Orlando?" Craig's head snapped up. "That little cunt. Him I know how I feel." Craig said with a snarl. "Little fucker."

Uh huh. "Craig, why don't you stay here tonight," David said, switching topics smoothly, standing up from the table and going to stand next to his friend. "Saves me having to drive you home, and you look exhausted. I'll even make you breakfast in the morning... pancakes or scrambled eggs..." he offered temptingly.

Craig smiled at David. "Thanks Dave, pancakes sound great."

"Pancakes it is. Now go to sleep, it's making me tired just looking at you," David ordered with a laugh, waving Craig towards the guest room.