Prelude: 
This is a standalone story but the characters are from other stories.
The hero, Eric has his adventures chronicled in The Ski Trips and the Breakup stories
This is more of a follow on for Sorority Moms and Who's on top.
The sorority are the girls who work at the Down Hill, a Park City bar, and Eric must fuck them as entrance to the sorority.
A girl gets a sorority mom when Eric fucks her mom.
Suzanne is Eric's sort of girlfriend and a sorority mom.
Now on with the story !!!!

The Ex Factor

The noon traffic was not bad. Eric's Ex was driving through Salt Lake City on her way to Park City and Eric. Not bad traffic at all. Well this place did have that in its favor. She smiled as her mind wondered to the big dude at the airport rental garage. He had eyed her from top to bottom. The thought gave her a little warm rush, may have to check that out when she returned the car. The little warm rush and the smile quickly vanished when her minded wondered back to Eric. 

The divorce had been ten years ago. She had not talked, seen or heard from him in all of those ten years. Even with a son and a daughter she had managed to cut him out of her life like a cancerous tumor. That last thought made her laugh. Ten years! That first year, oh my God, yes that first year she had hated him with a white hot hatred. By the second year she had mellowed such that she just hated him with a normal everyday hatred. She wondered what will happen when she sees him for the first time, white hot, normal or God forbid not hate him at all. Stop it! She told herself no liking, just hating. 

Early in the second year she had looked in the mirror and decided it was time to do something. At 42 she was still in good shape. She went to the gym and tuned up the weak spot, bought a new wardrobe to highlight her trimmed and toned new body then plunged head first into the world of over 40 dating. She quickly discovered that `dating' was not really the correct term.  It should be called over 40 sex. Lots of hot sex with lots of men. Oh of course there was a woman or two. She'd found that little item to be a sort of rite of passage for divorced women over 40.  She laughed to herself as the car climbed up I-80 toward Park City. Sex with men, lots of different men. She had known she was a sexual woman but she had been a bit surprised at how much she loved sex. Sex for fun, sex for work, sex for revenge, yes she had done a bit of revenge sex but that bitch deserved it. Sex had definitely helped her at work and with work. Hay, she thought, a smart woman uses all the tools she has. No apologies there. Then she thought about Eric.

Is he still tall? Of course he is. Men don't shrink. Still good looking? God Damn It! Men always get better looking with age. A little silver around the temples just like John, Jake, Jasper or whatever his name was last week. She shifted a bit in the car seat, that man had talent, should remember his name. Will he still have that little lost puppy dog look? No it was more of an attitude or a projection of some kind. Whatever it was woman found it irresistible and he had resisted none of them. She felt herself getting warm. Warm with anger this time. She shifted in her seat and said to herself calm down, remember why you're here. If he's living with some hot babe or just fucking a bunch of hot babes that will work to your advantage. The fact that he had fucked everything that moved had not helped their marriage but it would help her now. 

She twisted her lips and wrinkled her brow and thought now Lyda be fair, he had not chased women they had come to him. She felt a surge of anger and thought true but he didn't chase any away. Not even her, sister or mother. Yes her mother. Had he been with her mother on that terrible day when that Illegal alien piece of crap killed her? Her mother had been sitting in the bar of a four star hotel when the piece of crap came in to rob it, started shooting and a bullet stop in mom's brain.  `Now stop it!' She said out loud. `Thinking about that will not advance the mission. She could have been there for any number of reasons and not because she was there to fuck Eric.'
 Oh Eric and women, women and Eric she thought. Then she laughed. The funny thing was he never understood why women were drawn to him. He knew they were, they didn't resist and he couldn't resist but he never really got it. Women baffled him but that didn't prevent him from fucking them.

She was getting close to the turn off. She needed to get her mind in the present. Yes the present. Eric would be surprised at her current political views. She had been a typical casual Democrat. Yes a liberal who hasn't had her mother murdered. All her liberal friends rallied to the cause of that piece of crap. If only the bartender had not resisted he wouldn't have started shooting and you mom's death was just an accident. The worst was that bitch from NOW telling her to her face that yes her mother's death was too bad but sanctuary cities were critical to the election of Democrats. Well she was an active Tea Party member now but Eric didn't need to know that. No point in giving him a victory.
  
She pulled off I-80 at the Kimble Junction exit and turned into a parking lot to check the GPS and to be sure she had the right address keyed into the device. She knew she did but she just wanted to stop, catch her breath and mentally prepare. Ten years ! It hadn't been all total hell. They had civilized exchanges, albeit through third parties, about her moving to San Francisco and his move to Park City. Tom, their son, had kept in contact with his father and had done the visits. He was graduating college this year and Lyda didn't mind too much that he enjoyed the ski trip and other times with his father. Their daughter Marin was another issue. She had been steadfastly loyal to her until two years ago. Lyda found out that Marin had been in touch with her father from age 16 and then at 17 she had announced that she was going with Tom for the ski trips and other visits. It had taken her awhile to get over that little betrayal but it had all work out. They swore they told him nothing about her and to her minor annoyance they told her nothing about him. 
The female voice from the GPS was telling her she was at her destination. She shut the damn thing off. How annoying! Why not have a young viral male voice especially for women over 40! At least give them a choice! Not a bad idea, she made a quick note, a possible business opportunity. Then the very annoying fact that she was 50 popped into her head. It's just a number Lyda!

As she walked to the door she thought that her sun dress was just a bit too short and the lime green bra was showing more than it should. All those thoughts completely vanished when a young woman opened the door. She recovered enough to say `Is Eric home?' She had been startled not only by the girl's age, in her early 20s maybe, but by the fact that she was completely naked. 

----------------------------

Eric was feeling quite good. Yes nooners were not bad, not bad at all. He lay on his back completely naked with his eyes closed contemplating the universe. It was the mud season, the time between ski season and summer. This was the time to get things done and he did have things to do. Several of his rental properties needed work and the condo he had just closed on required a complete rehab. That project was going to be fun. He smiled at the thought, yes it was going to be fun. Suzanne was coming up next week to help with the style designs. She had good taste and a keen eye for style plus she was so good in bed. Yes things were good. Even this little romp had been fun.

When Eric had gone to the Down Hill for lunch he had not expected a new girl to be there. It wasn't the normal time for a new hire, plus Ellie May was not the normal girl George hired for the Down Hill. She was a bit younger, definitely from the South and had only attended a few months of junior college. She was very cheerful and excited to join the Down Hill sorority. Eric, as the `official' Down Hill mascot initiated the girls into the sorority by fucking them. Not an unpleasant duty but sometimes a bit annoying. The other girls and two guys had wanted him to initiate her right there in the bar but he refused. He had done them in the bar in the past but it seemed a bit tacky now. So he said after he finished his lunch he would take Ellie May to his place and initiate her. The others insisted on coming along to be sure he wasn't cheating. To become an official sorority member the girl had to orgasm and the group said they didn't trust him or her so Ellie May, Jane, two guys named Jason and Kar had come over to his house. Eric preserved some dignity by insisting that he and Ellie May be alone in the bedroom.
 
Ellie May had been very eager and very wet. Sopping wet in fact. It had not taken him long to give her a screaming orgasm. And scream she did. Maybe that was why George had hired her. He did like the loud ones. The other cheered at her orgasmic cries and after he had dumped his load in her she had scampered out to assure the others that it had been a real genuine orgasm. Eric lay there thinking yes it had been a pretty good fuck. Ellie had been eager to have a sorority mom and told him that although her mom had just turned 40 she was still in fairly good shape.  He was contemplating the words `still' and `fairly' when he felt a tongue running along his deflated dick.

He lay there with his eyes closed and enjoyed the tongue as it moved up, down and around the shaft. Fingers gently squeezed it and he felt lips cover the head and move down. 

`Now who could be sucking my dick' he wondered aloud. `Can't be Ellie May I hear her cackling way out there. `

The lips and tongue were doing the job and his cock was stiffening.

`Jane? No not her style so it must by that hot little minks Kar.'

`Shut up and keep your eyes closed'.

Ah it was Kar! Kar was short for Charisma. Who names their kid Charisma? So she shortened it and spelled it with a K.    Others had suggested Kat but she very firmly said no it was Kar.

`Tell me Kar do women really like sucking dick?'

The mouth came off his cock and Kar said `The smart one do. I do, no actually I love it.'

`Ah Kar you are good, better than you're mother.'

The mouth came off again and said `Asshole. She's coming in a week and I don't want you to fuck her, she will want it but don't you do it.'

`Kar just for you I will make an exception and not fuck her, she a bit of a bitch anyway'.
`She's a big bitch. Don't fuck her!'

`Don't talk like that about your mother' he replied playfully. Actually Kar's mother was a bitch. An arrogant bitch who was so proud that she was still married to Kar's father but liberated enough to fuck Eric and become a sorority mom.
 
`There I've got you nice and hard now I'm going to use you like a big dildo and have a nice little afternoon pick me up cum. No peeking now!'

He felt Kar shimmy up his body and straddle his hips. `Just a little cum not a big one?'

`No just a little one for the afternoon. Just to even me out.'

He felt her grab his hard cock and move it along her pussy lips. Then she teased her clit with the tip.

`You`re wet'.

`I wet myself, no peeking, I saw that you're peeking!'

Kar had a very nice body and he couldn't resist looking as she slid down on his cock. He loved watching his cock disappear as it slipped into a pussy. He let out just the slightest little `mmm'.

`No sound, no touching, no peeking. You're just a dildo. I'm using you just to have a little cum. See how us girls feel when you men use us just to beat off into.'

She was moving up, down and around stoking his rod. Finally he opened his eyes and grabbed her tits. He squeezed the nipples hard and she moaned. He moved his hands to her hips and pulled her ass forward as he thrust up deep into her pussy. He grabbed each cheek firmly and thrust her ass up his chest as he slid down the bed. He buried his tongue and nose in her pussy.

`I only wanted a little cum' she moaned as she arched her back and reached for the headboard. 
He licked and sucked her clit as she gyrated her hips. `Oh, Oh oooohhhhhhh'.

He slid out from under her and got up and grabbed her ass. For an instant he thought anal but no not now so he plunged his hard cock deep in her wet pussy. He fucked her hard and she moved a hand to her clit. 

`Oh shit it's a big one! Dammmmm YYYOOOOOOOO!'

Yes! But he wasn't finished with her yet. He flipped her over pulled to the side of the bed and stood on the floor. He put her ankles on his shoulders and drove his dick into her cum pussy. He slammed her hard and watched her tits wiggle with each thrust. Now it was his turn! He was going to cum and cum big.

Someone was standing in the door. He could quite see without his glasses. He kept pounding and Kar was saying yes fuck me hard!

Was that his Ex wife in the door? It couldn't be. Then he heard her voice and he knew it was her.

`Oh don't mind me. Carry on you two, we'll talk when you've finished. Enjoy!'

She turned and left.


What the fuck ! Eric laid there and thought `What the God Damn Fuck!'

He had not been sure he had seen what he saw but after Kar had recovered, pulled on her cutoff and tank top and gone out there he had heard that voice. Actually it was that laugh. They were all laughing and chatting. There was no denying that laugh was hers'.
 
They were all standing around the counter and she was sitting on a bar stole. They stopped talking when they saw him. He was walking towards them and he was naked. He tried to make his face as hard and angry as possible. Summoning all the anger and toughness he could, he spit out `What do YOU WANT'. 
  
She smiled and replied `Hello Eric, you're looking well'.

Eric took a step forward and almost shouted `I should say HOW MUCH DO YOU WANT !'

The young people exchanged looks, made excuses and quickly departed.

Lyda uncrossed her legs and said `You know Eric in civilized societies when someone gives a civil greeting the other party responds with a civil reply such as why thank you and you are looking well. The other party does not have to mean it but it is the civilized thing to do now shall we start again?

She took a breath and said `Hello Eric you are looking well and I see you have kept yourself in very good shape.'

Eric seemed to deflate a bit. He wasn't very good at being angry and no good at all when it came to being enraged. He viewed that as a character flaw. He was just too nice a guy.  That allowed people like Lyda to take advantage of him.
 
`Why thank you Lyda and I must say you are looking exceptionally well. The years have been very kind to you'.

`There now, that wasn't so hard. We can still hate each other and have a nice civilized conversation.'

`So true, now if it's not too much trouble and I certainly don't want to sound uncivilized but what the hell are you doing here?

To Eric's amazement she threw her head back and laughed.

`Oh Eric If I didn't hate you so much I could like you again! Now, my dear if you had read my emails, answered my voice messages or just responded to one of  my text you would know why I'm here and I would not have to be here at all.'

Eric took on a slightly embarrassed look as he thought of his deleting all those items without opening a single one.
 
`How did you get my number and address?'

`That's really not important.'

Eric braced himself for what he knew was coming `OK, well you're here now so please tell me what you want to talk to me about?'

She had rehearsed this line for some time and was annoyed that even so, she still muffed it.

`We need to talk about my daughter, ah your da... shit I mean our daughter.'
 
Lyda took some satisfaction in the shocked look on Eric's face. He had not expected that. Then he turned and walked away. He returned wearing a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt.
 
`Oh now Eric you didn't have to do that. I was enjoying the view! As I said you have kept yourself in very good shape.'

`It didn't seem right to talk about Marin like that. Ah is she, ah is she sexually active'?

A look of annoyance came on Lyda's face. `Is she sexually active? She's 19 an in this day and age of course she's sexually active!' You would know this if you had been more involved in her life or even just around she thought bitterly but had the good sense to hold in. This was not the time for that battle.
  
`Pregnant?'

`No she's not pregnant. I've done a good mothering job so she is on the pill and not fucking the football team. Now we can play 20 questions or should I tell you why I'm here?'

She saw the look of anger and realized she had gone too far. `I'm sorry Eric that was uncalled for. We've both done our best in very difficult circumstances and you have always been a good father to both our kids which is why I know we can work this out for the best.'

`Very nice recovery Lyda, very nice indeed. We both know I've been a poor father but let's get down to cases here. What's going on and what can I do to help?'

`Thanks Eric well here it is in a nutshell. She wants to quit school and come here and live with you.'

Eric was so astounded he didn't know what to say.

`Yes you've been too good a father these last few years and she loves visiting you for skiing and summer camping, boating and whatever it is you do up here. She's going through the I hate my mommy phase, maybe a bit later than normal, ah I remember how I hated my mother back then, but I think we can agree she should stay in school and coming to live here is not a good idea.'
 
`She wants to come here? Live with me?
 
`Yes and I'm sure we can agree that it's a bad idea. We don't want her to ........  you know .........become ..... a resort chick shall we say?
'
Eric's face darkened and he replied `All these "resort chicks" as you call them are in their 20s and most have degrees from excellent schools. They are just having a bit of fun and learning a few life lessons along the way.'
  
`Of course dear but I do want Marin to stay in school and be in a, shall we say a different environment.'

They talked for awhile and Eric became very comfortable with Lyda. If Marin moved in it would become very complicated with the others. He could manage it for a week or so when she was here for a ski trip or other times but full time? That would bring up issues he didn't want to think about now. As they talked he began to notice Lyda. She had kept herself in very good shape and the little sun dress was short and tight in the right places. Lyda noticed that he noticed. They agreed that they would form a united from and tell Marin she must stay in school but when she graduated and if she still wanted to she could come live with him. Of course they both figured living with him would be the last thing she would want to do at that time.

`Eric may I ask you for a favor?'

`Depends'.

She noticed the lack of suspicion in his voice and how he was eyeing her so she slid off the bar stole and took a few steps back and said `I know you will give me an honest answer so please tell me...ah am I too old for this look?' 

`Do a 360 please'.

Eric examined her closely as she slowly turned. The sun dress was short but her legs looked good. It was cut low in the back and exposed her lime green bra. The side holes were large and the green bra was quite visible. The bra and dress covered her breast and her nipples were not showing. It was not skin tight over her ass but it was clear she had a good ass.

`Hmmmm, OK here is my honest fashion opinion. It looks like you're trying too hard. The green bra has got to go after all you're not some 24 year old hipster. Here are my recommendations. Get a cream colored fashion bra with a cool design. Still let it show. This will tell men and women that you are with it and that you have class. The dress should be just a bit longer and just a bit of a looser fit so it will move over your body. Oh the dress should be thin and so should the bra so your nipples will show just a bit. What type of panties do you have on?'

Lyda reached down and pulled her dress up past her waist revealing a regular white thong.
 
`Get the smallest thong they have and of a slightly darker color from the dress so in the right light and the right move men will see it and it will drive them crazy. Women will also see it and they will be green with envy.'

`Mmmmm I like that last part. Love making other women jealous. It does so much for my ego.'
  
Eric reached out and put his figures down the side of her thong. She did not object. He moved his hand around front and moved down between her legs.
 
`Lyda your not shaved'.

`I'm a bit old school down there I'm afraid.'
 
He reached up and pulled. Her thong fell around her ankles.

`Lyda! A landing strip! There is old school and there is completely out of it. You need a shave.'

She pulled her dress up over her head and carefully hung it on the back of one of the bar stoles. 

`This thing is hideously expensive, I must be careful with it.'

`You're wet' he said as he stroked her pussy.

`You always got me wet, damn you,' She reached out and felt the stiffening member in his gym shorts.
 
`Do you really need those on?' she asked as she pulled the waist band out and slid them down over his growing cock.
 
He reached up to undo her bra when she stopped him.

`I promised myself I would not get naked with you.' 

`OK, let's go in the bedroom and I'll shave your pussy'.

As he led her to the bedroom she said `You do remember that I saw what happens in that room.'

`I will be a perfect gentleman.'

He laid her on the bed and spread her legs. His cock was rock had and his heart was pounding. Shit, he thought, she's doing it to me! I should stop! He wet his fingers, moistened the tip of his cock and moved between her legs. As he leaned forward, his hard cock just touching her pussy she said `I thought you were going to shave me?'

`After I fuck you.'

Anger came over her face and she said `I'm fucking you!'

He smiled and said `I think we can work this out. Let's agree that we are fucking each other.'

She gave a little laugh and said `Agreed. Now will you stop talking and stick that thing in me!'

There was no need to be quite so she let herself make noise. As he stroked her pussy the image came to her of him fucking that young thing only now it was her. It was her being fucked and she was fucking back. Damn it felt so good! Why did he have to fuck so good! She still hated him but he knew how to work her cunt. Then he pulled out.
 
Then the lime green bra was gone. His mouth was sucking her nipple. A hand was squeezing a tit. That tongue and teeth on her nipples! She wanted him back in her and she tried moving him with her feet but he kept at her tits. Then he moved down.

She laid back and opened her legs more. `Oh shit! Eat me! Oh eat my pussy you bastard!'
Then his tongue was in her pussy. No kissing her thighs just tongue fucking her pussy. Then her clit.
 
                `OHHHHHH    I ` MMMMMM CUMMMMM I  NNNNNNGGGGG'

The waves went to the top of her head. Damn him! Damn him that was good. Shit I'm still cumming! 

`Get in there! Fuck pus.......cum.....hard.......fuck hard'.

He pushed her legs up in the air and started fucking her hard. The sound of slapping filled the room.

`I love fucking a cum pussy!'

Back in the deep recesses of her mind she noted he said a cum pussy and not her cum pussy.
 
Then he stopped. He was breathing hard. Panting he said `Turn......over........please.......doggy.'

She turned over and lifted her ass up on her knees. He entered and began stroking her slowly, rhythmically, exploring all areas of her wet pussy, Looking for that spot. She pushed back to take him deeper. She moaned. She moaned again. 
`You're so deep, I love a deep fuck. Oh deeper.'

She cried out. He had found that spot. He flipped her over and started to drag her to the edge of the bed just like he had with that young thing. Then he stopped and just jumped on top of her. He held her close and jammed his dick in her. She wrapped her legs around him and they fucked hard. She felt his cock swelling. He was about to cum. She dug her heals into his ass.

`Ohhhhh Ahhhhh Agggggggg!'

He kept pumping her as he shot rope after rope of cum into her wet cunt. Cunt juice and cum squirted out with each thrust. He slowed and they both listened to squishing sound as his dick slid in and out.
 
They laid wrapped together for what seemed like hours but it was only a minute. He rolled off and they both lay panting and staring at the ceiling. 

The orgasmic wave that had flooded his brain was gradually receding. His mind wondered to what had just happened and what they had talked about. He loved sex and loved fucking women. He should have felt a sense of victory after fucking and giving his Ex multiple orgasms. Instead he felt something else, he wasn't sure what, but it wasn't good. He loved fucking women but he also resented them. He felt controlled by women and sex and he resented that feeling of being controlled. It occurred to him that he wasn't required to have sex but they were there, he took their clothes off and fucked them. He couldn't really just not do that and that annoyed him greatly. He thought about the agreement they had made and it occurred to him that if his daughter Marin was living with him in this house he would not be able to screw the gals from the Down Hill. Sorority moms would be eliminated or moved to a hotel room. Ugg ! Hotel sex! Yes if Marin was living here women couldn't just come to his house and fuck him whenever they felt like it. He would be back in control! Of course his sort of girlfriend Suzanne could come and spend the weekend. Fucking your girlfriend was well within the accepted limits of parental jurisdiction.
 
`Lyda you know how orgasm floods the brain and stimulates it so after you do some of your best thinking?'

`Ahh haaa' was his Ex's half conscious response.

Eric sat up and explained his new proposal as his Ex lay naked with her eyes closed. After 15 minutes of negations they agreed that Marin would finish the semester at her current school but then she could come and live with Eric for the summer. At the end of the summer Lyda insisted she return to school but agreed that she could enroll in a school in Utah and still live with Eric if she wanted to.
 
They agreed that they would consider her living on campus but would not allow her to have her own apartment under any circumstances. Lyda was now sitting up in bed and they concluded the agreement with a warm handshake.
 
`Lyda I feel really good! I'm going to take you to the best restaurant in town and it will be my treat.'

Lyda got out of bed and said `That sounds great and I will hold you to that on one of my visits this summer to check up on you and Marin but I have a plane to catch and must run.'

`Plane? Now? This evening? But....'

`Now Eric' she cut him off. `We both know it would be dinner then fucking all night. Damn it Eric are you getting hard again! That's it I'm in the shower then I gotta go!'

Eric watched her move to the shower and slowly followed. He had won a great victory and he wanted to cap it off just a bit. He stepped into the shower and said `Let me get your back'. Before she could protest he was rubbing her with bath gel. She purred but stopped him from reaching around for her tits. He bent her over and slid his hard cock into her pussy.  She straightened up and pulled away. She turned around and said in a forceful voice `No Eric! I have to go! Her face softened and she said with a sly smile `Maybe when I come back.'

  
The first class seat was quite comfortable. She had finished her first drink and signaled for another. She sifted a bit and thought of asking for a pillow but thought better of it. She had stopped on the way to the airport and picked up a cream colored fashion bra and a very tiny black thong. The thong had stayed on for about twenty minutes. The rental car guy had been just as big as she had hoped. She had been fairly direct and he had led her to a small room in the garage. She wasn't sure she would be able to take him all in and he kept apologizing but she was insistent. Eventually she got him all in and was wet enough that he could really stroke her good. He came quicker than she liked but he stayed hard and kept pounding her until her own explosion. She smiled at the memory. He had given her his name and number and said when she was back in town and he was off work he could really show her a good time. She laughed and thought how many other middle aged white women had taken advantage of the situation.

She was half way through her second drink when she began thinking did Eric win? She had not wanted Marin to live with Eric that was the point of coming here. But he had made some good points. Just then a man excused himself and pointed to the window seat next to her. He was tall, dressed in a power shirt and tie plus had a little gray around the temples. Lyda smiled her best smile and pulled her legs aside. This caused her short dress to ride up almost to glory. When he was seated she crossed her leg closest to him over her other. Again the hem of the short sundress rode high. She had taken note of his expensive watch and big wedding ring. Lyda could feel his eyes running over her. She could almost hear the wheels turning. If he was flying out on business then he would have a hotel room. Excellent! If he was going home then he would be heading home to wife and family. She sighed at the thought. Then she thought `Lyda it isn't all about sex!' But his eyes! Then it hit her. When Marin was gone, living with Eric, she could have him to her house! He could say he missed the plane or some such thing. Without Marin at home she could have men over whenever she wanted and for as long as she wanted. Maybe that rotten bastard Eric was right! Maybe this would be a good experience for Marin and maybe for her too!

`Hello, my name is Lyda'.


Suzanne was shocked. Eric had called and said he had some news. Suzanne sort of knew Eric had and Ex somewhere and a vague notion that he also had kids but that had never been a big deal. Now he was telling her His Ex had visited him. They got along fine. His daughter was going to spend the summer with him! He had a daughter! Hell! He had fucked her daughter! And Ex sex! He had not said they had Ex sex but she knew him so she knew he had fucked his Ex! Probably more than once!  Sex with sorority moms and girls was one thing, that was part of the show, or it would be when she told him about the show. Ex sex! That was beyond the pale! What about the show? Would there be a show?

Eric knew she was a writer and knew she was writing about the sorority and the moms but he didn't know she was creating a reality show. He more or less thought she was writing a novel or something. A notion she had done nothing to correct. She was going to correct that soon but with his daughter living with him would he still fuck the girls and their moms? She had the show sold and as far as she was concerned he had to keep going. He can't stop! Not now! Later maybe, but not now.  She had to tell him about the deal. She had to stop his daughter from wrecking everything!

 `Oh Suzanne I wish you were here! I feel so good! Everything is going great! I can't wait for you to meet Marin'.

`I'll be there in a few days I my love and we have so much to talk about, so much to talk about'. 
 
The End

Any comment please write to sgrad42@gmail.com
I may continue the saga when the feeling moves me. If you enjoyed the story or not let me know.
I'm always looking to improve. 
Thanks for reading.
