Limo Sexhibitionism
byxwordsmith©
My wife surprised me with this! I already knew we were going to go out that night. I also knew that it was going to be a great restaurant. But those were the known quantities. What I didn't know was the best part.

Just before we were to leave my wife Diane got a call on her cell. Then she quickly hung up and said, "He's here! Let's go!"

What did she mean, "He's here! Let's go!"? Well, out we walked from our front door and I could now see what see meant. Diane had hired a limo to take us to dinner. I had never even see the inside of a limo before, and now I was going to be riding in one to a fancy dinner. This was kind of a really nice surprise indeed, but it wasn't the whole surprise.

After we got in the limo the driver asked us where we wanted to go, and Diane quickly spoke up and told him the restaurant. And, away we went. We played with the sunroof, the stereo, the TV, and even popped open a bottle of the complimentary Champagne. As I was toasting Diane for such a fun surprise, she said, "Well buster, check this out!"

And, with that, Diane hiked up her skirt and revealed that she was sans-panties, and then she whispered, "And, my tits are bare naked under this thin cotton top too!" She then jiggled her cute little tits to prove it.

I hate to admit this, but I get an easy boner. It doesn't take much, and I already had a raging one within seconds as she revealed these naked little secrets to me. What does a guy do in this situation with a wife whose been planing such a hot evening. You guessed it--I poured her another glass of that bubbling Champagne.

Within about twenty minutes the car pulled up to the very front of our favorite fine dining restaurant. I was reaching for the door when Diane told me to hold on, and that she wanted the driver to get it instead. Sure enough, our driver came around and opened the door and Diane swung her legs around to get out and showed her entire pussy in the process. I thought she had just forgotten to be careful, but she looked back as she came to her feet and gave me a wink. My cock was throbbing and huge. When I stepped out I had to adjust that fucking thing to keep from walking into the restaurant looking like I had a Zucchini crammed in there. What does a guy do with a wife who is suddenly getting kind of nasty? Some guys might object, or tell their wives to shape up. I simple grabbed that girls hand and pulled her close as we walked inside to eat.

During dinner, Diane confessed to me that she hoped I didn't mind but that she sort of liked the idea of showing off a little. She told me that getting a guy or even a gal to catch a glimpse of her nudity really made her wet. She told me that the little bit of Champagne had helped, but that she had snuck a couple of shots of Brandy before we even left to get up the courage to be this nasty. The she said, "Watch baby, I'm gonna flash my tits to the busboy, and Don't try and stop me. This is making me so horny!"

Sure enough when the latin busboy came to remove our dishes, Diane leaned forward and squeezing her shoulders together, she really put her cleavage on display. But that wasn't all. She also scooted herself up in her chair and got the front of her top caught on the table, which served to pull it down. Out, one of her perfect little tits came, and he quickly covered it up, and said, "Oops, oh my, I' so embarrassed!"

The busboy saw the whole thing and was flustered. He finally did finish his job, and when he left I could see diane straining to see if he had a little latin fire growing in his pants. If I'm honest, I was looking too, and I think he actually did have a hard on. She had done it.

Diane leaned in toward me and said, "Does this bother you?"

I said, "No way honey! I'm loving it, and I can't wait to get you home. I think you need a spanking!"

Diane, said, "You don't have to even wait that long baby." And, with that we were out of there.

Diane again gave the driver a look as she got in and this time lingered as if it was difficult to get in the door. Diane is not fully shaven either, and her pussy was fully in view. I mean, the driver knew that she knew, and he was looking, and smiling too. I guess we shouldn't have been surprised that he had placed another bottle of Champagne at the ready with two fresh glasses. I think he wanted to see how far she would go, and I think he was ready for a little voyeuristic something himself. Perhaps it even happens all the time for him, who knows?

Once in the driver asked, "Home, or do you want to go somewhere else first?"

Diane again spoke up right away, ready to give the orders. "I think we want you to take us on a pretty evening drive first, and then take us home." And then she said, "And, can you keep the privacy screen up most of the way at least, if not all the way up?"

"Will do ma'am!" said the driver, and off we sped into the night.

Diane gulped down her entire first glass of, 'going home' Champagne, and then pulled off her top, grabbed her right tit and thrust it into my face. At home I often enjoy slowly suckling at her very sexy tits, but never has she so forced them upon me. While I sucked and licked her she reached for my hand and pulled it up under her dress, plating it on her wet cunt. She was soaking wet and oozing her sexiness onto her own thighs. I remember that when we dated and made out in front of her house she used to get wet like this, but never since, until tonight.

I stopped for a second and said, "What's getting you so fucking hot?"

Almost embarrassed, but excited to reveal Diane said, "Its all this showing my tits and pussy I guess. It really makes me feel nasty and slutty and horny inside."

Now, both my wife and I have jobs that would not make it possible for people to know about these kinds of things. Perhaps Diane has always held her inner exhibitionist in, and repressing her own sexual urges in this area, or perhaps she though I wouldn't approve, but tonight she was letting go, and I was in full approval from beginning to end.

After getting totally hot and bothered, Diane eve stood up without any clothes on at all and poked her head thru the sunroof. She was anxious about flashing her tits to the world, I could tell, but right before she got down, she popped herself upward and gave all who could see a little bit of a show. She slumped back down in her seat exhilarated, and said, "Baby, I wanna show my tits, but I'm not sure."

What does a guy do at this kind of crossroads? Hell, I gave her a full glass of liquid bubble courage, and said, "Honey, if it makes you horny, I'd go for it. Besides this may be your only chance."

Diane said, "Your right. Here I go!"

Then up and out of the limo she went tits-a-blazing. And, she didn't come down. Horn were honking. People were yelling, Diane was waving to some and pointing to others. It was crazy. Here hair blowing backward in the freeway wind, and her excitement all over her face.

She yelled down, "Honey, lick my pussy while I do this! I need you to play with it for me, I'm so horny!"

And, so I did. I fingered her and licked, and all at once she gushed cum all over my face. And that was a first. She juice on my cock all the time, but never while I gave here oral. By the way, it wasn't gross or anything. It was totally hot, and made me so horny I almost came without even being touched.

Diane finally came down from the sunroof and we started to fuck like we did when we were teenagers. Then I remembered as she was moaning, and I was moaning, that the driver was up there--only a thin layer of privacy glass between us. As I looked up, I could see Diane had been looking the whole time. She was intend on that driver hearing us fuck. She mounted me from the top and rode me grabbing at her tits and foundling them herself. She was putting on a show. I don't even thing the guy could see us too well back there, but the thought of his possible glimpses was really getting Diane off. She has never fucked so hard in our entire marriage. That bit of black glass was both a freeing agent, and a exhibitionists dream come true.

Once again, after the car stopped, Diane showed the driver her pussy upon getting out and then said thank you, and gave him a big hug. I wondered about that for a while. It was nice and it was okay with me, but a hug seemed kind of strange for a limo driver. A tip would have been more appropriate.

When we arrived home we were spent, but we did go up stairs and fuck again in more quiet and comfortable confines. After I came, and while my cock was shrinking up inside her warm well used pussy, I asked her, "Baby, do you think you should have hugged the driver instead of giving him a tip?"

Diane said, "No way, I hugged him to see if he had a hard on. I figured if he had a hard on, he already got enough of a tip!"

"And?" I questioned.

"Well" she said "You didn't see me give ham any cash did you?"

Oh my, my wife had felt another man's hard cock against her while I stood two feet away. Even this was making me horny again. And, I couldn't lie about it either, cause my cock was growing right there inside her already wet cunt.

Author's note: This is a true story, that occurred in April for my birthday. I had no idea, but my wife had paid about $200 for the limo experience. It was a weekday and the rates were far cheaper than the weekends. Many companies, we have found have all kinds of discounts and coupons, and specials that can make a three hour evening even cheaper. But no matter what, dollar for dollar, it was the best money Diane has ever spent since we wed almost 27 years ago. I re-fell in love with my hot and sexy wife again that night. I had forgotten how sexy she could be, and even found out a side of her that I never knew, but now really enjoy, her exhibitionism. If there are any guys reading this, I would encourage you to try renting a limo for you and your wife or girlfriend. Its way better than described, and don't forget your Champagne if its not provided. Champagne it a true 'underwear dissolver' if you know what I mean. Enjoy!
