Its Better than Football by Telephoneman

This work is the intellectual property of the author 
Telephoneman and he claims the copyright. Permission if 
requested WILL be granted for this story to be posted or 
archived to any free site. Permission MAY be granted to 
any commercial or pay site or organisation.
Requests for such permission should be sent to:-
telephoneman69@hotmail.com

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx WARNING  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
This is a work of adult fiction and contains 
descriptions of sexual acts between consenting 
adults and others. If you are under the age of 
consent where you reside delete this file 
immediately. If it is illegal to obtain this sort 
of material where you reside delete this file 
immediately. Otherwise read and enjoy!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Its Better than Football 

It was a typical English summers day; in other words it was raining as usual. Being summer the rain was not too heavy and was quite warm. It was ideal weather for football (for those of you across the pond I mean proper football played with the foot i.e. soccer). I was on my round to my mate Doug for a prearranged kick about. It was early Saturday morning, about 8:30 when I knocked at his door. It seemed an age before his mother finally opened the door. Hes gone fishing for the weekend with his dad she said, rubbing her eyes and trying to wake up. Shed obviously still been in bed when I knocked. I knew Dougs parents had split up and he rarely saw his dad. Because we had arranged our morning I was a bit surprised at his change of plan, this obviously showed on my face because his mother added It was only arranged last night when his fathers work plans were cancelled. Oh! was my only comment, as I turned round to go. 

I was a couple of steps down the path when his mother called me back. I dont suppose you fancy giving me a hand moving some furniture do you as I intend to decorate my bedroom this weekend. To be honest I didnt fancy it at all but I now had little else to do and Mrs. Byrne was nice and had always looked after her sons friends, so I nodded and said Yeah OK! Mrs. Byrne laughed and said, I like the enthusiasm. Come in and Ill get you some biscuits. 

With that she turned round and walked off towards the kitchen leaving me to shut the door and follow her. Kicking off my boots I followed her, my disappointment lifting when I saw her from the back. She was wearing a silk or silk like dressing gown. From the front with her arms holding it tightly shut I hadnt noticed anything but now that tightness just emphasized her figure, especially her arse. Its shape was clearly defined and to my very uneducated eye she wore nothing under it. Mrs. Byrne did not look old like most of the mums I knew, including mine, but looked more like Dougs big sister than his mum. The fact that she was younger added to the fact she was the only mum I knew that actually had a figure. Id never before noticed how good a figure but then Id never seen her like this before. Like most teenagers, sex was a subject rarely far from my mind, but I can honestly say, up until then none of my mates mothers had ever figured in my many fantasies. Again along with 99% of other teenagers we talked and talked about it, what we would like to do and who to and surprisingly enough mothers didnt once crop up in the who to category. 

I followed her into the kitchen and sat down at the table. She passed me the biscuit barrel and told me to help myself and asked if I wanted a drink as she was making herself a cup of tea. I declined with a shake of the head, not trusting myself to speak after such weird thoughts. I was beginning to get over those thoughts when she went to the fridge and leaned over to get some milk. Her gown clung tightly to the contours of her body, clearly displaying the taut cheeks of her arse and strongly hinting at the crack between those cheeks. This time I felt my cock stir. Now I had a problem, dressed to play football all I had on was my Liverpool FC top and an old pair of loose cotton shorts with nothing under them. Therefore any arousal would be near impossible to hide. Fortunately I was still sitting at the table so I swung my legs under it. I watched this newly interesting woman make her drink and come to sit opposite me at the table. Because her hands were now occupied with her drink her robe was no longer held in place with anything other than a belt. Although tightly fastened around her waist, the top now formed a distinctive V shape pointing to her covered but no longer hidden breasts. Their shape and size were clearly defined. My lack of knowledge prevented my from accurate comparisons but the strong thought of A nice handful crossed my mind. Again this thought had its effect on my already twitching cock. Some inane conversation followed, the subject of which is forever lost to my memory, before Mrs. Byrne stood up saying she should go and get properly dressed. 

Thankful that she had gone without noticing by errant member I decided I needed to go to the bathroom and make myself less noticeable. I then crept quietly upstairs to the bathroom. Reaching the top of the stairs I noticed that a bedroom door was slightly open. There were only three doors on the landing and I knew from past visits which was Dougs and which was the bathroom. The open one was the third door. My first thought was to return downstairs and wait, but the winning one said try to look in without being noticed. As I was standing about four steps from the top and the view through the open portion covered about the middle third of the room (to say nothing about being scared to move) I stayed where I was. A few moments later I was rewarded with a view that is still with me today. Mrs. Byrne walked from the right side of the room to the left. She was completely naked! My view was from the back and from her left side. A very brief glimpse of the side of her breast and to this day I cant make my mind up whether or not her nipple was visible, was followed by a full view of her naked arse. It was the first naked woman I had ever seen and bettered all my expectations. She bent slightly to pick up some hidden object leaving just that glorious arse in view before quickly turning round and returning to the right of the room. She turned to her right thus denying me a full frontal view but also eliminating the chance of been seen. Quickly I returned to the kitchen table, now sporting a full erection. I tried to conjure up any image I could think of to get my erection to subside all to no avail. My imagination could not overrule reality, not when reality was that good. 

Mrs. Byrne came back into the kitchen dressed for work in jeans and a tee shirt. She looked in my direction no gave no hint that she was aware of my predicament. Come on then she said and returned upstairs again expecting me to follow, which of course I did. I got to her room and was told Go and make some space in Dougs room so Ive got somewhere to move my wardrobe and dresser. Glad to be out of her sight I readily agreed, hoping that a bit of hard work will help my erection go down. 

Ok Mrs. Byrne I said. 

Half an hour later I had accomplished both tasks, enough room for the required furniture and one flaccid dick. I returned to the master bedroom calling Ok Mrs. Byrne theres room now. 

Im not struck on being called Mrs. Byrne, it makes me feel old, which Im not before you say anything she said breaking into a smile, call me Sue. 

Ok Mrs. Byrne, sorry Sue, I replied and then carried on before I realised what I was saying, and I certainly dont think you look old. 

This made her laugh and laughter made her look even younger. And what do you think I look like? 

A picture of her naked crossing this very room I was now in sprung to mind, I blushed, both at the question and at my mental image. I dont know but not old.
 
She was obviously enjoying my embarrassment You dont know? Is that good or bad? she asked. Fortunately the embarrassment meant I was not thinking about my cock and had yet managed to avoid even more embarrassment by getting a hard on. 

Good of course. You look very good, I continued digging myself into an even bigger hole. 

Very good? Dressed like this? she smiled. A moment later her eyes lit up, I did not know then but she clicked that I was talking about her in the dressing gown. She was obviously aware of what her body could do to the other sex. Like I had not considered her sexually, she had not considered me. Again unknown to me at the time but that moment signified a change in attitude. Anyway, enough of this banter, weve work to do. 

That put me in my place so I shut up and waited to be told what to do. 

Ive emptied the wardrobe she said, nodding in the direction of a pile of clothes lying on the bed, so lets get that moved first. 

We struggled for a good twenty minutes moving the wardrobe from one room to the other. Next job was the dresser, which we decided would be easier if we took the drawers out first. Sue took the top drawer through as I finished positioning the wardrobe. A couple of steps into Dougs room and Sue slipped spilling the drawers contents over the floor. Give me a hand to pick these up will you? she asked. Without thinking a knelt down to pick up the garments only to discover that it was obviously Sues underwear drawer and the floor was littered with frilly bras and panties. Taking a deep breath I started picking up her underwear, trying hard not to register my pleasure at feeling such intimate items. Again I left myself wide open when I paused holding a pair of lace panties, so sheer and so tiny that they could not possibly hide anything. 

I see youve found my favourite knickers Sue said, dont leave much to the imagination do they? 

They did a lot for my imagination as I tried to imagine Sue wearing them. The resultant erection was not difficult to foresee. This time Sue did notice but chose to smile and ignore it by getting up and going to get the rest of the drawers. Up until this point I had managed to avoid actually touching my cock but with Sue out the room and me holding her flimsy panties and an erection I could resist rubbing my cock with the panties before reluctantly putting them back in the drawer. 

David. Can you come here a second Sue cried from the other room. 

I picked up the last of the spilled underwear and strolled into Sues bedroom. She was on the phone, which Id failed to hear ring, and said Ive got to pop out for a short while, can you manage the rest? 

No problem I replied. 

Right, I think Id better get out of these filthy clothes and just take a quick shower she said and walked into the bathroom. A few moments later I heard the shower. Once again my imagination, sparked by the previous glimpse of Sues naked body, went into overdrive. My erection was now nearly permanent and I was amazed Sue hadnt said anything. I was also surprised how quickly I changed from thinking of her as Mrs. Byrne, a mates mum, to Sue a sexy woman. I heard the bathroom door open and Sue shout, Will you pass me that black dress lying on the bed...Oh! And some underwear. I forgot, I cant use my bedroom. 

Id already noticed the dress when shed added the bit about underwear. I picked up the dress and went to Dougs room for the underwear trying (and failing) to avoid embarrassment. I picked up the first pair of panties and bra that I saw and took them to the bathroom door. A hand appeared round the door grabbed them and the door shut. A few seconds later the door opened again and Sue came out with just a towel wrapped around her. It covered most, but not all of her breasts and came down to a few inches below her bum. Men! You dont wear white underwear with a black dress. She mocked. She pushed past me into her bedroom exposing her gorgeous legs to my view. Quickly realising that her underwear was in the next room she turned and walked right past me to Dougs room and leaned over to select a fitting set of undergarments. 

My eyes were riveted to her rear for as she bent over I glimpsed her pussy. I could not see any pubic hair and believe me I was looking before she stood up, turned, looked at me with a smile and went back into the bathroom. Some moments later she emerged fully dressed in a short plain black dress. I shant be long she said as she rushed down stairs grabbing a coat on the way out the door. 

As soon as she was gone I thought about getting those little black panties and using them to masturbate. After a small deliberation I decided against it and went into her room to finish the move. It took over an hour to move everything except the bed (it wouldnt fit) and Sue was still not back, so I started to roll the edges of the carpet away from the wall. It was a heavy-duty carpet and quite hard work. 

When I had finished I leaned back against the wall with my knees up against my chest. I was remembering the morning trying to put my finger on what had happened, which was everything and nothing. As I recalled various incidents I had absentmindedly pulled up the leg of my shorts and was stroking my cock. Suddenly I heard a noise and saw Sue standing in the doorway. Well we have been busy havent we she said. I noticed that her eyes were looking down at my legs when I realised she could see my cock down the leg of my shorts. I immediately felt it twitch as yet another erection loomed. I slowly straightened my legs and stood up. I looked at Sue and saw that it was her turn for embarrassment. She was bright red, an obvious sign that I was right, she had been looking at my cock. She swivelled round and went first into Dougs room and then into the bathroom, emerging a few moments later now dressed in a skirt 
and another tee shirt, this one showing some cleavage. At first when I saw her grab some clothes and go into the bathroom to change I was a bit disappointed, as I had hoped to catch a glimpse either down the low-cut front or up the short dress. As I saw what she had changed into my disappointment faded as I took in her new attire. The skirt was not as short as her dress, but not far off, still ending just above her knees. It was the tee shirt, though, that really had my attention, it was tight fitting and as I said, it showed the top third of her breasts. Best of all I quickly realised that she was no longer wearing her bra. Her nipples although not sticking out were obvious. I stared at her breasts thinking of how much I wanted to touch them. Sue could obviously see where I was looking but all she said was. 

Thanks. Have you got to go or do you want to stay and help me strip this wallpaper? she asked, then added Ill give you a nice treat if you do. 

Although I assumed she meant money my idea of a treat was further sights of her body. With her exposing her breasts (well to me it looked like exposure) there was no way I wanted to leave even if I had anything else to do, which I didnt. 

Trying not to sound to keen I agreed to stay. She went to the kitchen and returned with a bowl of water, a couple of sponges and a pair of wallpaper strippers. Wet the paper then scrape it off. 

I know, Ive done it enough times at home I replied. 

We decided that I was to do the top half of the wall, as I was the taller, with Sue doing the lower areas. A couple of hours of hard work followed but it was an enjoyable time spent joking with each other. I also had some pleasant views when Sue was directly below me. About half way through we paused for a drink. Sue went to get a cup of tea for her and for me, just ice cold milk. I sat on the floor, very careful not to give Sue another view up my shorts, and Sue sat on the bed in front of me her knees primly together. We were talking about Doug when the telephone rang. With no other furniture in the room the phone was on the floor on the far side of the bed. Sue turned round, leaned over the bed and answered the phone lying on her stomach. From my low vantage point I could now see up her skirt. Her legs were too close together to give me a good view, but open just enough to give the impression that I could see her black panties. She didnt speak much just said Ok a couple of times. She then put the phone back on the floor and rolled over onto her back, sat up and slid back to my side of the bed to where she had been sitting originally. This manoeuvre had two benefits, at least they were beneficial to me. First as she rolled over onto her back her legs opened considerably more giving me a clear view of her panty covered sex. Black panties in a dark area do not give the best view, but it was more than enough for me, and once again I felt my cock spring into life. Secondly as Sue had shuffled forward to the edge of the bed her skirt had ridden right up her thighs, so far in fact that she was no longer sitting on it. Although her legs were now back together I could still see all her thighs and again just a hint of panty. That was Jack just confirming that they are camping out tonight and will be back tomorrow evening. 

Jack was Dougs father. I seemed oblivious to what she was saying, my attention focused on her legs. My arousal would be obvious if I moved, which I had to, so I turned my back to Sue, stood up and excused myself and went quickly to the bathroom. Once there I had an urgent need to masturbate and started stroking my cock. 

Dont be all day Sue shouted through the door, I need to go too. 

So much for my relief so I had a piss hoping that that would help relieve the pressure, which to a degree it did. Because I had other things on my mind I forgot to flush the toilet and when I opened the door, quite abruptly, Sue was standing there with the front of her skirt up around her waist and her hand down inside her panties. Although she moved her hand very quickly and pushed past me into the bathroom that image was as clear in my mind as if I was studying a photograph. The look on her face was one that I did not at the time recognise but I certainly did recognise the panties. They were the little black ones I had held earlier, the ones Sue had said were her favourite. I could see the outline of her hand as she cupped her pussy and I could see the dark curly hairs either side of her hand. My relief had not lasted long I was again hard with nowhere to go to hide it. Sue was quite a while in the bathroom, but even with my inexperience with women, I accepted it this as normal. I did wonder, though, why the tap was left running. I thought the safest bet was to return to the task in hand, that is stripping the walls. After a while, Sue came to join me. She said nothing but I could see that she was flushed which I took as embarrassment. As we continued to work Sue now seemed to be always around my legs working under whatever bit of wall I was on. Once, Sue asked if I was ok. As I looked down to answer I turned from the wall to face her. I saw that her face was only inches from my cock. Yet again my cock responded, Id been hard or semi hard all day and now I was again sporting an erection. Looking down I could see the bulge in my shorts quite clearly. Sue from inches away could not have missed it, and didnt. As I mumbled an answer Sues eyes stayed on my bulge before quickly standing up saying We need some fresh water and scooping up the bowl went into the bathroom for a refill. She came back placed the bowl by my feet and went to sit on the bed. Not on the side had she had done previously but in the middle of the bed with her hands on the bed behind her acting as a prop, and her knees bent with her feet flat on the bed and about two foot apart. This presented an absolute clear view of thinly veiled pussy. I could see the shape of her lips and through the sheer material easily make out her pubes. I had never been as hard as I felt then and made no effort to disguise where I was looking. To be honest I think any effort would have been to no avail. Sue must have been aware of what she was doing, but remained in that position for another few minutes, staring at the ceiling and uttering inane comments about the rooms decoration. At least I think that was what she was talking about, my attention was elsewhere. Right between her legs to be precise. Alright nearly there she said as she stood up. Another ten 
minutes should see us done 

Just ten minutes later I was stretching to wet the last bit of paper near the ceiling and Sue was sitting on the floor right by my feet scraping her last bit of paper off. It suddenly occurred to me that from where Sue was sitting and the way I was stretching that she could, once again, look up and see my still semi-erect cock. I didnt know whether she was or not so I tried to carry on working while trying to look at Sue. What actually happened that I dropped the water-laden sponge onto Sue. She screamed and stood up. I could not help laughing until I looked at her and saw that the sponge had landed on her right breast, soaking her tee shirt and making it virtually transparent. An almost naked breast was just a few inches away from my eyes. Try as I might, I could not look away. Sue followed my eyes and saw her exposed breast and shouted with a laugh Happy now? Youve been trying to ogle me all day. 

Before I could lie and deny this accusation she laughed again and then to my utter delight she reached for the bottom of her tee shirt and pulled it over her head. Im not wearing a soaking wet tee shirt thats for certain. 

I was speechless, I had hoped for and received a peek or two and was delighted with the wet tee shirt view, but this. About a minute passed with my eyes never leaving her breasts and Sue standing there, smiling and watching the delight on my face. 

Oddly enough for this minute or so I was not hard. It had all happened to quick to take in. As I recovered normal service resumed and my cock became rampant. 

Is this the treat you promised me? I grinned. 

Why! Do you think its a treat seeing my tits. Sue asked, then looking down at my shorts she added Well! That seems to like the view. Anyone would think youve never seen a pair before. 

I havent I admitted. 

Wow! A virgin, not many of them around nowadays 

This was getting a bit too much for me to follow but my body seemed to know what to do even if my brain didnt. I raised my hands towards her breasts, I could not think of them in the derogatory form of tits. I expected her to move back or push my hands away. Instead she moved a little closer allowing my hands to touch her breasts. After a moment of inept fiddling around Sue took hold of my hands and showed me how to caress her properly, moving my hands to where she wanted and squeezing my fingers to show me how much pressure to use. I moved closer, and felt her nipples grow as the palm of my hands gently rubbed them. Soon they were quite hard so I moved my hands away so that I could see them. 

Beautiful! I murmured. 

Do you really think so? she asked dont you think theyre too small.

Echoing what I was to learn in later life, that no matter how good a womans body was there was nearly always something she felt insecure about. 

No theyre absolutely perfect. Said this sudden expert in womens breasts. 

Again nature took over and I started to gently pinch her nipples and pulled my hands up her breasts towards each nipple. To my surprise the nipple became even harder and I noticed Sues breathing becoming slightly laboured. 

That feels nice. Youre a natural she said. 

Well as weve finished and youve worked hard, I promised you a treat. So what would you like Sue asked me. 

I thought hard about the answer, not because I didnt know what I wanted but I didnt know how much I dared ask for. 

Suddenly I decided I want to see you naked I said. 

Sue seemed to be expecting this and asked with a smile Just see me? 

Thinking of the pleasure I was getting caressing her breasts I said And to touch you 

Where? 

Everywhere 

Anywhere special that you want to touch? she said with a huge grin. 

YYYes 

Are you going to tell me where? 

Your pussy I finally said having tried to think of the nicest name for that part of a womans anatomy. 

And youll be happy with that treat? 

More than happy I exclaimed, more than happy 

So theres nothing else you want? she said knowing that there obviously was. 

I still preferred to settle for what I had rather than risk losing it by asking for anything else. 

The talk seemed surreal. Here I was standing a few inches away stroking her naked breasts and playing with her delicious nipples yet we were holding a conversation akin to negotiation. 

Are you sure you dont want anything else? she asked but this time her hand was placed on the bulge in my shorts. You dont want anything like this? she asked. 

I didnt think girls, ah! I mean women, liked to touch men down there. I mumbled. 

Who told you that nonsense? 

My mother I admitted, she says women only indulge in things like that if they have to, and they certainly dont like it. 

What rubbish. Most women love a nice cock. You enjoy touching a womans cunt dont you? she asked. Seeing my hesitation she remembered that Id never actually done it. Ok, for you, you like the idea of it? 

Yes 

So why shouldnt women enjoy men as much as men enjoy women? I had no answer, and many years on still cant nor want to argue that point. 

Sues hand was on my cock throughout the discussion, her fingers tracing its outline. 

Youve had a hard on most of the day she laughed and you keep letting me catch the odd glimpse so lets see him in his full glory 

With that she knelt down and quickly pulled my shorts down to my ankles. If she was disappointed (Im only average in size, maybe even a little below) she hid it well. After a moment looking at my cock she reached out both hands to caress my balls and cock. She took her time stroking, caressing and squeezing my manhood always seeming to know when to pause. Pre-cum was oozing from my cocks tip, which she took great delight in scooping it up with a finger a then sucking her own finger. I was just thinking that I was in heaven and nothing could better this ecstasy, when Sue leaned forward and used her tongue to caress the full length of my cock before taking me into her mouth. I thought I had a great imagination, especially when it came down to sex, but I quickly realised that that was all it was, imagination. The real thing was so much better that Id never experienced anything to compare it to. I still havent. Sues hand held the base of my cock and followed the motion of her mouth as that delicious organ moved up and down my almost painful member. My cock already fully erect when Sue held it seemed, to me at least, to continue to grow inside her mouth. I lasted for a couple of hours, well it seemed a couple of hours to me but was probably less than a minute, before I erupted into her mouth. I seemed to keep coming for longer than it had taken to come in the first place. Sue kept her mouth and hand on my cock throughout, swallowing everything I could produce. I had heard of blow jobs but never give it serious thought, just assuming it was another male fantasy. After all, I struggled to accept that any woman would want to touch my cock with her hand never mind taking it in her mouth. But these thoughts of what this woman was doing were subservient to the physical ecstasy her mouth was giving me. When I was finally drained Sue released my cock give it a quick squeeze and a kiss then stood up. I was leaning back against the wall partly because thats where Sue actions had left me but mainly for the support it give me. 

How was that then she laughed, was that on your wish list? 

It was a while before I could even think of responding. 

That was... I cant even think of a word to do it justice. Ill be honest it wasnt on any list because I didnt believe people actually did that 

Hell, youve led a sheltered life. I bet my Doug isnt like that she said. 

I think youll be surprised I thought, but didnt voice it. I was scared that talking about Doug would remind his mum of who I was and therefore burst the bubble. 

As if reading my mind Sue said Are you ready for the rest of your treat? and laughed at the obvious eagerness my expression displayed. 

Yes I suppose you are. She said answering her own question. 

She stepped back from me and slowly reached behind her and unfastened the skirt. With a theatrical pause and with her eyes watching mine, Sue let the skirt drop to the floor. Standing before me she stood, with just cause, proud wearing only those tiny briefs I had held earlier. 

The sight was breathtaking. Id never seen a naked woman before today only the odd dirty picture. Pictures would, could never, ever do a live woman justice. My eyes followed every contour of her body, from her long dark hair framing an elfin face, the perfect breasts which a few moments ago Id been holding, the flat, taut stomach leading down to her black silk covered pussy. At that moment two things happened that would last me a lifetime. Firstly this body shape, slim with small breasts, would forever be my ultimate favourite. Secondly that a scantily dressed woman was by far sexier to look at than a naked one. 

The phone rang, instantly breaking my trance. Sue again lay, stomach down on the bed, as she reached over to answer the phone. This view of her near naked body again touched a nerve, sensual rather than sexual, it still aroused my newly awakened senses. Obviously aware that I was watching her Sue parted her legs slightly to enhance an already incredible view. I was oblivious to the conversation that was taking place, with my hand on my cock, which was already quite hard again, I watched this fantastic woman. 

After she put down the phone, she rolled onto her back and said Im sorry but Ive got to go out 

Trying to hold back my disappointment I said as I felt my cock quickly wither, What now? 

Yes now. I am sorry 

With the petulance of youth I turned round and started to put my shorts back on, feeling truly downcast. 

Come here Sue said, and I trudged to the side of the bed. 

She leaned towards me and took my hand in hers and placed it onto her stomach. She then slid my hand down her panties until it was covering her sex. The contrast between her perfectly smooth stomach to the rough pubic hairs to the soft moist feel of her lips was yet another memory to be retained for life. Her fingers were on top of mine and so when she bent her fingers it forced mine to bend as well. This pushed the tips of my fingers into her very moist pussy. 

Can you feel how wet that is? 

I nodded agreement. 

That should tell you I dont want to go but something important has come up she continued, as she withdrew my hand. 

Look! Ive really appreciated you being here today and your treats have been just as pleasurable to me as they have to you 

I doubted this but did not interrupt. 

Do you want to come back this evening? she asked. 

Yes I almost shouted, all depression swiftly disappearing. 

and if you want to you can stay the night. She added hesitantly. 

Do I want to stay the night. Is the Pope Catholic I instantly replied.


Ill take that as a yes then Sue said. Your mum doesnt know Doug is away so tell her that you are staying the night at his house 

Id stayed over at different friends many times so I knew my mum would not even comment, probably glad to get me out of the house. 

Yeah, no problem. What time? I asked eagerly. 

Anytime after 7:00 will be fine. Now off you go and let me get ready 

With that and one last long look at her I made my out to spend the rest of the day in state of perpetual anticipation. Its certainly better than football I thought to myself. 

That afternoon was to be the longest of my life. I tried everything I could think of to make time speed up but all to no avail. My thoughts were mainly centred on earlier that day when Id seen my first naked woman, not only that, shed actually sucked my cock. Occasionally Id think ahead to that evening and the treats Sue had promised, but that filled my stomach butterflies, better to dwell on the excitement of the past than the future. I remembered peeping into her bedroom as she was changing, Id thought that that was exhilarating enough but what followed was beyond dreams (well actually it was exactly what dreams are made of). I had the longest bath of my life, fortunately with the house to myself or someone would certainly commented. I decided what to wear and changed my mind a dozen times. I finally decided on jeans and tee shirt both actually clean, something that did draw amusement from my mother. At seven oclock sharp I was knocking on Sues back door. Come in, its open, Im upstairs a voice called. 

Just her voice sent another wave of nervous tension through my stomach. I entered and headed after the voice. Was she waiting for me in bed, what would she be wearing? These and a million similar thoughts jockeyed for room in my over imaginative mind. As I reached the top of the stairs Sue called out from the bedroom In here. I took a moment to try and look cool and then with a confidence I did not feel strolled into her bedroom. 

The disappointment was as intense as the anticipation had been. Sue was busy putting wallpaper on the wall. In my eagerness for the evening to arrive Id forgotten that the reason Id been in the house in the first place was to help with the decoration. Sue sensed my disenchantment and burst out laughing. Youre too eager, work to do before treats 

The mention of treats went some way to lift me and I managed to join in with a near convincing laugh Yeah sure! What do you want me to do? 

Nothing yet. Just sit and watch for when you have to do it. With that she turned around and continued with her work. 

I dont know about watching Sues work I was to busy examining her body. She too was wearing jeans but with a blouse. The jeans were tight especially when she bent over. A few moments of looking at her fully clothed body did just the same to me as when Id seen her naked. I was hard for the umpteenth time that day. I didnt realise at the time but Sue was treating me to a show. Her bending and stretching not strictly required to achieve her task of papering the wall but essential to her task of enhancing my anticipation. With just over half the room papered Sue put her brush down and said as she turned to face me Thatll do for now 

My face displayed my obvious delight and expectation but again it was a false dawn. Sue smiled and walked to me and gave me a full lingering kiss before saying Weve still to get the furniture back in. Ive purposely done the wall where the wardrobe and dresser go so lets get started 

Id kissed a few girls before but the way Sue had made it seem so natural and the tenderness of the kiss itself lifted me to walking on clouds. Another lesson learned for life, a tender kiss could be the most sensual thing we ever do. It can portray more than words ever can. 

We spent the next hour or so moving Sues wallpaper paraphernalia out of the bedroom and furniture in. Done at last, Sue said to me David Im going to have a quick shower, change and put my face on. Can you open a bottle of wine for us? Theres one in the fridge 

As I turned to do as I was told Sue shouted and NO peeping 

What me? I retorted As if! Then realising what she meant by putting her face on I shouted back You dont need makeup it makes you look old 

Pardon Sue cried from the top of the stairs. Im nearly as old as your mother as she laughed at the absurdity of my remarks. 

I tried to defend myself Makeup is for young girls trying to look older or old women trying to look younger. Youre neither youre just beautiful I added sincerely. At this point would like to point out that my knowledge of makeup was severely limited. It was a while before I realised that good makeup is good because it doesnt look like makeup. Too many women wear makeup that hides their faces instead of enhancing them. (moan over) 

A quick shower turned out to be thirty seven minutes. My state of eagerness was the reason for the accurate timing. It was a long thirty seven minutes but worth the wait. Sue came into the room wearing a short black flared skirt and white blouse that superbly showed off her feminine figure. The skirt matched the colour of her long straight hair, which seemed to flow with every movement she made. She had listened and had kept the makeup to a minimum. She stood in the doorway to allow me to appreciate her and for the first time displayed signs of nerves. The look of awe my face carried was enough to tell her that her efforts were well and truly appreciated.  Just then the front doorbell rang. Not another interruption I thought. Sue went to answer the door and appeared some moments later with a carrier bag whose aroma betrayed the contents. Chinese! 

Dinner is served Sue said as she walked towards the dining room beckoning for me to follow. Ive hardly eaten all day and Ill be damned if Im going to cook anything myself 

Do you like Chinese? she asked. 

I nodded. With my stomach churning all afternoon food had been out of the question. The fragrant aromas emanating from the carrier bag set my mouth watering. My hopes for the evening were entirely in Sues hands and Id just about got round to accepting that Sue was in no rush to start them off. Of course looking back it had started on my arrival and Sue was orchestrating the evening with the knowledge only experience brings. 

We sat down to eat at Sues small dining table. We sat opposite each other so I could still ogle the woman across from me. The blouse was buttoned low enough to hint at cleavage without open display. Standing behind her chair and sliding my hands down inside her blouse to the soft mounds of flesh Id enjoyed earlier was the strongest of the many erotic thoughts skipping through my head. Im glad to see you appreciate my efforts tonight Sue said well aware of my train of thought. Now help yourself and on seeing my raised eyebrows added to the food I mean 

I sat quietly eating whilst Sue talked about her day, at least the part since Id last seen her. Shed rushed over to see her mother over a crisis that only existed in her mothers mind before returning to try to finish the decorating. I nodded my head at what I thought appropriate moments just savouring the moment. My daydreaming was brought to an end when I felt Sues foot touch my leg. Its continued movement up and down my leg showed its arrival was not accidental. My cock stirred immediately. In a state between hard and soft since Id arrived it now started to swell, more so when her foot found its way along the inside of my thigh to rest lightly on my hardening member. I looked up at Sue but she just carried on talking as if her foot was nothing to do with her. I wished Id worn shoes that I could slip off and return the complement but with my boots there was no chance. I took the second option, which was to use one hand for eating and the other to caress the part of Sues leg within reach. Her tights were so sheer it sent a shiver through me. It was yet another sensation for my body to revel in. I rubbed her leg and then massaged her foot, careful not to allow too much pressure on my aching cock. Sue leaned back and her other foot arrived for its share of attention. All pretence of eating left me as I used both hands to stroke and rub her feet. At last Sue gave up the game and let out a tiny sigh of pleasure. Blocked by the table from exploring further I spent several minutes enjoying the feel of Sues feet. The obvious pleasure this gave Sue surprised me, but also acted as a spur to continue. Suddenly she removed her feet to sit normally once again and asked as if nothing had happened More wine? Again I just nodded assent. Sue stood up and came to stand behind me to pour the wine. She stood close, the faintest waft of perfume hit my nose but she stood that close that her breast rubbed my cheek. Do you like that? she asked. Not certain whether she meant the wine or the fleeting caress of her breast I again nodded this time adding a Mmm. Sue laughed and sat down again. 

Noticing that she hadnt topped her own glass up, I stood up, took the wine and moved behind her. I placed my hand on her shoulder as I leaned over to fill her glass. She turned round to thank me. The smile accompanying the look gave me the confidence to move my hand to stroke her neck. When she did not object I slid it inside her blouse to grip her bra covered breast. She let my hand stay there for an instant before gripping my wrist and slowly pulling my hand out of her blouse. 

The pressure was downward forcing my hand onto her breast as it was removed. 

Dont be in such a rush. Weve all night 

In response I took her hand and echoing thousands of early movies kissed her wrist. Im sorry mlady I said exaggerating a very poor posh accent. As Sue did not remove her hand I kept hold of it as I took my seat. I looked into her face suddenly aware that the description striking was literally true. I continued to stroke my fingers over her hand and lower arm. Accepting, but not truly understanding, Sues desire to go slow I still wanted to move on. I stood up with the intention of leading her into the comfort of the next room. Instead as I pulled her up from her chair I found her in my arms and the only natural thing to do was to kiss her. The kiss started as tender as our first kiss, with my arms gently wrapped around her waist and Sues under my arms with hands on my back. Sue broke the kiss to move her lips to my neck and I learned the pleasure to be derived from places Id never before considered erotic. My cock demanded to be part of this action so I lowered my hands to her firm buttocks and pulled her firmly against my throbbing sex. Whilst maintaining the pressure on my groin I used my hands to explore as much of her body as I could reach. Sue returned her lips to mine, this time with a kiss that was all passion. Her tongue probed my mouth and fenced for control with mine. She began to grind her body against me. Once gain she broke the kiss and with an animal look Ive come to recognise as desire said Ive got no chance of slowing you down until we take care of this problem her hand reaching my cock just in case I was unaware of WHICH problem. 

She knelt down in front of me, quickly undid my belt and jeans before lowering everything to my ankles. Without a word she gave my rigid pole a couple of strokes with her fingers before lowering her mouth to it. Expecting to feel the stimulating sensation of her mouth I was unready for the different but equally pleasurable feeling of her tongue tracing the length of my cock. Repeatedly her tongue started at the base of engorged cock and licked all the way up; tracing my sensitive head and probing my eye. Just as I began to think Id arrived in heaven Sues mouth covered me. Her tongue continued its action inside her mouth as she sucked me into ecstasy. Looking down at a woman who willingly has your cock in her mouth is such an incredibly erotic sight. We both knew that expecting me to last was not an option. After what felt like an eternity but was probably only two minutes I erupted into her mouth for the second time that day.  Ive had many blow jobs since that day but never any as good; maybe because they were the first, or maybe Sue was just the best. 

Feeling momentarily drained but not wanting to stop I was once again amazed at Sue when she stood up and pulled my jeans back up. Fasten them and follow me.  Stumbling as I fastened my belt I followed Sue into the lounge. Do you feel better now? she asked with a grin. 

Ive never felt better in my life I said. 

You will promised Sue. Now, where were we? Not following her meaning I just looked dumb.  I remember she added and wrapped her arms around my neck and continued the kiss of a few moments ago. Unable to fully comprehend this woman I just gave in and responded to the kiss. As her tongue probed my mouth I felt an odd salty flavour before embarrassingly realising what it was. I didn't care and returned Sues passion. It took a few moments to sink in but I eventually appreciated that without the urgency my cock had added to proceedings I was able to enjoy the kiss and embrace loads more. 

As we were still standing I guided Sue to the sofa and lay her down across it. Then kneeling at her side I continued the kiss. This time I used my hands and fingers to trace the contours of her remarkable face. Fleeting touches with my lips and running my fingers through her soft hair I embarked on an exploration of her. My tongue and lips followed my fingers as they ranged further. Her neck and ears received their due attention. Her low moans told me I was on the right track. I moved my lips to the part of her chest left exposed by the cut of her blouse. I lingered there long enough to undo the blouses top button. Once more I used my lips and tongue, this time on the newly exposed flesh. I repeated the process until I was kissing the skin between her breasts. I was about to move across and explore one of those magnificent globes when something held me back. Instead I proceeded to undo the rest of her blouse. Following my established routine each button undone was followed with rapt attention her skin deserved. The last button exposed her belly button and this I gave extra consideration. I pulled the blouse from her skirt and opened it fully. I leaned back to view the results of my handiwork. 

Her upper body clad only in a small lacy bra was open to my appreciation. I looked at Sue lying there watching me appraise her body, knowing that a glowing report would follow. Still looking into Sues eyes I let my fingertips explore the exposed skin. Not so soft as to tickle I caressed her flesh until I at last gave in to temptation and cupped a breast. My hand just covered the small breast enabling me to savour it in its entirety. I could feel her erect nipple pressing against my hands palm. I bent down to kiss the other breast, first concentrating on the skin above the bra before taking her lace covered nipple into my mouth. Nice as it was I wanted the real thing. I placed my hand inside the bra and pushed it down to give access to my hungry mouth. Sues moans were becoming louder and more frequent. As I squeezed her nipple between my lips Sue pushed me away and sat up, reached behind her to unfasten her bra and removed it along with her blouse before returning to her prone position. For several seconds I just admired the perfection before me before Sue gently but firmly pulled my mouth back down to her waiting breast. This action gave me my first hint that Sue was just as aroused as I was. It also gave me the idea that I could slow things down a bit and get my own back for her earlier teasing. Moving my mouth away from her nipple I kissed and licked all round without actually touching it. My hand played a similar game around her other breast. After a while I allowed my tongue to just touch the nipple on its path across her breast. Each touch was rewarded with a moan of pleasure. When I finally took a nipple into my mouth Sues hands went to the back of my head and pressed my mouth further onto her nipple. For the first time I used my teeth, hesitantly at first, but the response demanded more pressure. My hand had ceased its gentle caress and now squeezed and massaged her other breast with a firmness I thought would have hurt but just pushed Sue into louder and louder moans. As her moans got louder her hips began to lift from the sofa. I let my spare hand move down onto her skirt and press down on the pussy below. As I felt her sex below the material I pressed my hand hard into her mound. The pressure was increased by her hips rising to meet my hand. 

Yes! Yes! Ohhh Sue screamed her body seemed to spasm. Her hands forcing my head hard to her breast and her thigh wrapped over my hand trying to maintain the pressure. To think that I was able to produce such a powerful reaction from a woman filled me wonder. Id heard about womens Orgasms and I felt sure that was what Id just witnessed. The pressure on my head relaxed and Sue pulled me to her lips. A soft tender kiss followed by Sues words That was nice. Thank you made me feel fantastic. I didnt know what Sue was thanking me for. It should have been me thanking her. 

She stood up took my hand and whispered into my ear Bedtime 

Excitement, trepidation and so many other conflicting emotions fought for control as I followed Sue up to her bedroom, her naked back contrasting with the short black skirt covering her tight arse. Still holding my hand she led me to her bed and sat me down facing her. She bent over and placed her hands oh either side of my face before slowly letting them trail down my torso. Stopping at my waist, her hands gripped my tee shirt and lifted it over my head. She then pushed me back and removed my boots and socks before urging me into the centre of the bed. There, she straddled my thighs and began to rub her hands over my naked chest. As pleasurable as it was I was not prepared for the shock when she squeezed my nipples. No wonder Sue was moaning when I was kissing hers if it felt this good to her. She leaned forward to take my erect buds into her mouth, coating each one in turn with her tongue. At the same time one hand was exploring my upper body bringing tingling pleasure wherever it went. Sue moved her mouth to mine for a sweet lingering kiss before moving down to lick my sensitive stomach. She tried hard to tickle me, giggling when she succeeded. She then sat back up and undid my jeans before standing up and pulling my remaining clothes off. I lay there naked in front of her enjoying her look of appreciation. She returned to the bed to kneel at my side, her hands tracing lines from my knees to my chest, just skirting my aching cock. As she got closer with each pass my body arched trying to guide her hand to where I felt it was needed most. Heeding my desire, Sue allowed her fingers to lightly touch my balls before continuing up the length of my shaft and despite my urgency back up to my stomach. She repeated her actions, each time lingering longer on my balls until eventually she was cupping them gently in her hand. My cock was harder than Id ever known it but Sue still refused to pay it with more than passing interest. She released my balls to lean and give me another soft kiss. 

Deciding that Id had enough teasing for a while I sat up and pushed Sue onto her back to return the compliment. I desperately wanted to see Sues naked form but thought I also wanted to see her suffer some of the torment her manipulations had inflicted on me. As Id done downstairs to good effect, I started kissing and nibbling her neck before moving on to her hardened nipples. Not waiting as long this time I moved my hand down over her pubic mound. Sues low murmurs of pleasure accompanied my hands. I let me hand move to her knee where I enjoyed the feel of her leg beneath the sheer material of her tights. 

This was only a minor break as I moved my hand up the inside of her thigh towards her waiting pussy. Imagine my delight when I touched bare skin just under her skirt. Stockings not tights. Idiot I thought to myself. My fingers loitered as my mind appreciated Sues preparation. Unable to resist any longer and prompted by Sue parting her legs I moved my hand to cover her panty covered pussy. Her panties were silk and once again the contrast in textures greatly enhanced my experience. I could immediately feel Sues wetness as I allowed my fingers to stroke her silken panties feeling her swollen pussy lips below. Id intended to skirt her pussy as shed done my cock, but desire and Sues heavy moaning left me too impatient. Suddenly I couldnt wait any longer, I had to see her full beauty. Moving my hand from her pussy I unfastened her skirt and with Sues help pulled it off. I looked down on how to remove this very sexy but unknown piece of underwear known as a garter belt. Then I noticed that Sue was wearing her panties over her suspenders, This made my decision for me; I removed her panties before holding back to view her virtually naked body. 

Impatience prevented me from devoting the time that view deserved as I too quickly returned my fingers to her pussy. My inexperienced fingers gave some pleasure to Sue but obviously not enough as her hand came down to lead me in the intimate exploration of her body. She guided me to the entrance of her wet pussy, urging my fingers to enter that pleasure cave. I was delighted to discover the intense reaction when I touched the ultra sensitive bud of her clit. Her hand controlled the pressure I exerted to maximise her pleasure and preparing me for a life of pleasing my partner. I moved my head closer to examine her body and was surprised at the powerful aroma emanating from her wet pussy. 

Taste me Sue ordered. 

How could I deny this woman anything, so tentatively I moved my mouth to kiss her lower lips. Her fragrance was overpowering, a drug that Ive been addicted to ever since. Cautiously I let my tongue explore where fingers had been. My hesitancy did not last long as I was quickly engrossed in my task. I tried to force my tongue as far into her wet pussy as it would go drinking the nectar my probing tongue produced. I moved around so that my knees were either side of Sues head so that I had the best access to her sopping cunt. As I was flicking my tongue around her pussy it made first contact with her clit. Sues response was electric, gripping the back of my head and forcing me to retain contact with her clit. I let my tongue circle it before squeezing it between my lips. Sues body was bucking as her hips were raised to meet my attentive mouth. I sucked on her as I ran my tongue over the tip of her clit. She came with a force my young mind struggled to comprehend. My head was pulled gently away and I saw the liquid product of her Orgasm. Quickly I lapped up those juices once again probing deep inside her so as not to miss a single drop. 

Turn round. I need you inside me Sue ordered. The idea of entering a woman for the first time had me scrambling to do as she bid. Positioning myself between her stocking clad legs I lay down on top of her uncertain of exactly how to accomplish my bodys ultimate desire. Luck was with me as my cock instantly found its goal. With a slowness aimed at savouring the moment I slipped my full length into her waiting pussy. The sensations coming from my cock were so exquisite that I paused to prolong that special moment. Sue let out a low cry of pleasure, which triggered my body to do what is so natural. I began to thrust in and out not quite leaving the warmth of her pussy before plunging deep into her again. Almost immediately I could feel my balls preparing to release their load. 

Harder Sue demanded. 

I began to thrust as fast and as hard as I could and it wasnt long before I felt Sue start to buck. With her legs around my waist pulling our bodies together, her muscle starting to spasm she had her Orgasm. Her extra activity triggered my own Orgasm as I pumped my first ever load into a womans womb. I came long and hard as all these new feelings excited my nerve ends. I then collapsed onto Sue totally spent. She pushed my shoulders away from her until my hands either side of her head took my weight. Memory probably comes into play here but the look on her face was as satisfied as Ive ever seen. 

Not bad she said smiling, but Im sure if we practice some more youll improve. 

My mind, even in its dulled state, immediately picked up on the words more practice and we. Oh yes I was all for that. 

That night remains one of my best ever, not only because it was my initiation but because of Sue herself. Sue was as good as her word and many other lessons followed although we only managed one more night together. A year later Sue met someone nearer her own age and our meetings dwindled to an end. In hindsight it took me many years to really value just what Sue did for me that day. She took a boy and returned a man who truly appreciates a woman. It was a gift beyond monetary value, one that Ive tried to preserve and pass on. 


Telephoneman

As usual I appreciate all comments, including criticisms. All I ask is that you tell me your sex (if it isnt obvious) as this will help future stories.

