Heather and Robert
by TigerKitten28

Part 6
--------------------------------------
Denny - A New Dynamic
--------------------------------------
Up until the day I was tied nude to the radiator, Denny had only been quasi included in our relationship with a few handjobs and seeing me in my underwear. After seeing me fully naked and helping me on the potty, it toggled things to a new level. I know when I wasn't around you explained to Denny a lot more about our history, the magazines, and Recreational Misogyny. Denny had not been lying about wanting to be involved. He admitted to you that maledom porn was his go-to. He has intense interests even though he was mild mannered and bashful around girls. You and I talked about how we needed to help Denny come out of his cocoon.

That was when you started consulting Denny on his thoughts on how to deal with my imagined or overexagerated bad behavior. It was his idea to replace my necklace with a choker. You two also agreed that unless given special permission, I should assume I am only to wear my new choker in your dorm room. When I complied without pushback and was now often nude in front of you and Denny now, he began to get more comfortable with girls, or at least me.

On nights I slept over, he adored it when I slip into his bed after his alarm went off. These were the times he got really acclimated to groping me. He was groggy still and his better judgement hadn't kicked in for the day yet. His morning wood was also impressive. His dick was so hard I was always worried it hurt him. I liked to take it out of his boxers and jack him off so he'd start his day off right. Then while Denny showered and got ready, I'd slip back into bed with you. I know the times we stirred you awake, you were incredibly turned on and I'd often get fucked after Denny left for his ungodly early first class.

I like to think that I helped you and Denny go from just roommates to actual friends. While I was in the library studying I know there must have been times you two would chill playing video games and talking about new ways to use and abuse me. You showed him how a knotted rope tied between the beds could be used to irritate my pussy, reminding me of our days in the shed. Denny was creative in his own right. He found out they sold cheap mouse traps in the bookstore. I won't get into what that says about the student housing, but Denny taught me that a trap clipped to each nipple and one to each labia was a very humbling and easy way to discipline me.

-----------------------------------
---The College Party---
-----------------------------------

The three of us were invited to a college house party. I guess it would actually be more accurate to say that we overhead the time and location of a collage house party and decided to try to crash it. When we got there, it was the perfect amount of people to blend in with while not so big as to draw unwanted attention from the campus police. We were given cheap beer and everyone seemed to assume we'd been legitimately invited by someone.

As you and I got tipsy I think we unfurled our freedom to be boyfriend and girlfriend publicly, because we ended up low-key making out. I think we just got caught up in the moment and the buzz. We really didn't mean to exclude Denny. It turned out to be ok, because Denny was much more confident after having me to play with. He actually approached a cute blonde girl, which he will tell you, he never thought he'd have the courage to do that. As he had told the story, she said "I'm bi, but I am not really feeling dudes tonight". Denny said "if you want a cute chicken, what about her over on the couch?" She said "the one making out with that guy?" He said "yeah. Do you want to lick or be licked?" She said "hmm she looks yummy. Both I think". Denny said "find a room upstairs. If my roommate and I can stay, we'll bring her up." She looked at me again and said "deal...no guarantees that I will change my mind about dudes tonight". Denny said "deal".

I remember when Denny came over and told us he'd volunteered me to have sex with a girl. It was so shocking and such a huge invasion of my sexual autonomy. I had never been more proud of him. I know you were pleasantly surprised too, and we both liked the idea that I wasn't the one choosing what sexual activities I'd be engaged in, that a male was deciding that for me. We all went upstairs and found her in a bedroom. She was as pretty as Denny claimed. She said "I'll be honest, I didn't think he even knew you. But I'm glad you're here". I said "I am too". I looked at you, and you seemed to know that you should take Denny and sit on the beanbag chair against the wall and just watch.

The girl looked me up and down. I said "do you want my clothes off?" She said "yes. But I want to do it." She walked over. She smelled like vanilla. I was shaking with excitement. You watched as she slowly and carefully undressed me. It was very unlike how a guy would do it, trying to get to the good parts quickly. For this blonde girl, undressing me was one of the good parts. By the time I was in my undies, we'd almost forgotten you two boys were there. When Denny cleared his throat to say something, you wisely nudged him silent. She removed my bra and then slid my panties to my ankles and helped me step out of them.

She said "lay on the bed gorgeous". I did and opened my legs for her. She licked her lips. She took her own clothes off never even hinting that she remembered you two. Her breasts were bigger than mine, probably C cups. Her pussy was shaved bald. I was immediately self-conscious of my bush and my hand went to my crotch. She whispered "I like your brown curls". I smiled. She knelt on the bed and put her face to my crotch. This put her bare ass in the air for you both to admire. Then she leaned in and licked me. I'd gotten oral from boys many times. This seemed different. Her tongue knew exactly how to flick and dart around my intimate areas to illicit the exact moan she wanted. Boy oral was a motar attack, she was a sniper.

She had me grinding her face and writhing as if I was remote controlled. She could get me close and back me off from a climax at will. She toyed with me for 15 minutes before she finally decided to make me climax. I was dizzy still as she sat up smiling. She laid next to me and kissed me. You and Denny just tried to capture the image in your mind so it would last forever. She said "if you are too tired, you don't have to do it to me. I had fun just going down on you." I didn't even know this girl's name but it was important to me that she came too. I said "oh no. You are getting your pussy licked. Switch me spots". She said "actually....could I sit on your face?" I nodded.

She straddled my face and I could smell her horny pussy and was deeply affected by her pheromones. I had not considered myself bisexual, but I couldn't deny how much I wanted to taste her pussy either. College is for experimenting, and I was getting some very interesting data. Her being on top made it easier for my first time with a girl because she was able to 'drive'. I licked her pink slit like it was candy. It was certainly no less delicious. He large breasts bounced as she pushed her pussy back and forth against my mouth. My tongue found her swollen clit and used my experience of my own body to make hers feel good. I must have done an ok job because soon she was cumming on my face.

She collapsed next to me. We caught our breath. You were about to gather my clothes so I could get dressed when the girl started whispering to me. We giggled. Then she said "you....come fuck your girlfriend. Make sure I didn't turn her gay. And you....come fuck me. Make sure she didn't turn me gay". You two stripped quickly. I doubt Denny expected to lose his virginity like this, but he seemed more than eager. You got on top of me and slid your dick in. Its the absolute best and most emotionally comforting sensation I've ever known. Denny lined his dick up with the bald pussy next to us, and with some help, he slid it in.

Then you and Denny did what came natural to you. I reached out and held the girls hand as we both moaned underneath one of you. I think cumming from oral left my vaginal walls craving attention. I could feel myself approaching another climax as you penis slid back and forth inside me. The girl squeezed my hand and I sensed she was too. I actually think hers started first by the way she moaned. It seemed to trigger my own orgasm. You and Denny were perfect gentlemen, letting us cum on your dicks before you got your own rocks off. The girl moaned "in my mouth....finish in my mouth". I said "me too". In a flash you two both moved and straddled out chests. She and I started sucking the cocks bouncing in our faces. Within thirty seconds we each had a mouth full of semen.

There wasn't much time for relaxing afterwards. We were fucking on some random person's bed at a party we were not actually invited to. We got dressed and went back downstairs. The girl disappeared and we never saw her again. The three of us stayed together and had a few more drinks each before stumbling back to your dorm room. It had been a great night.
