                                          Swapping
                                       By Lust 4 Life

My girlfriend Loolee and I meet another couple on-line to have a four-some, swapping 
partners. We meet at a local casino, then adjourn to their place where we all end up in the 
same bed, swapped and fucking. MMFF, true

Plans & Preparation

My girlfriend, Loolee and I met through an on-line sex site somewhat over a year ago. 
She is incredibly hot and as a performer, something of an exhibitionist. We really click 
together and continue to take each other to new heights. She says I bring out the slut in 
her. One of our escapades is described in another story, Stripper about how she entered 
amateur night at a local strip club and won first place. As another example, she has a 
kama sutra app on her iPhone and we are trying to work through all the different 
positions we can, without breaking off anything vital.

Last year we started talking about group activities, 4-somes and orgies and for our New 
Years resolution, we decided that this year we were going to make it happen. We took 
out a couples ad on the sex site where we met (including some videos we had made of us 
fucking at home), and soon started making contact with other couples. We had a couple 
of false starts, but suddenly had several couples seriously interested in meeting and 
swinging with us. We exchanged pictures with each other and soon decided to meet one 
of the couples (lets call them Larry and Amanda, to protect the guilty) at a local casino 
and if things felt right, we would adjourn to their place for playtime. The other couple 
emailed us that the Amanda was very slutty and was going to dress slutty for the 
meeting. Well, that was a challenge we had to rise to meet!

Loolee and I decided to buy a really slutty outfit for her. My goal was to make Larrys 
eyes pop out of his head when he saw Loolee. Much as I was looking forward to fucking 
Amanda, I am also a bit of a voyeur and was looking forward to watching Loolee getting 
laid by a strange cock. We took an afternoon and went shopping, first at Victorias 
Secret, but we ended up at Fredericks of Hollywood. We ended up with a short, elastic 
form fit black skirt and a black and purple corset with cups to push Loolees ample 
breasts up and out. I had a great time thinking of how Larry would react when he saw her 
and how slutty she was going to be, and how it would end with her getting laid (probably 
multiple times). As we put the costume together. I told her, No panties, she was going 
naked under the short skirt. Then she told me that if she was dressing up, I had to dress 
up too and she wanted me in black top and bottom, so I bought a nice button down the 
front black dress shirt to go with a pair of black pants I had. We got home from shopping 
and immediately jumped into bed for a hot session, starting with her riding me cowgirl (I 
love the look in her eyes as she rides me), then switching to missionary before I exploded 
inside her filling her with my cream.

Meeting

Finally the big day arrived. We were giddy with excitement as we were getting dressed. 
Loolee put on make-up and eyeliner to look as slutty as possible, put on the skirt (no 
panties, and I fastened the corset around her, cinching up the purple draw strings in the 
back. She added a pair of black heels and Wow! She was a slut in heat! This lady was 
going to get laid tonight for sure. I was feeling pretty good in my black outfit as well. As 
we were getting ready, Larry and I exchanged a few text messages, without describing 
what our women were wearing, we told each other that our women were dressing slutty 
to turn us men on. His last text was, We must be the luckiest guys with the hottest, 
sexiest wives! (I didnt correct him that we were only boyfriend/girlfriend).

Loolee put on a nice calf length coat so she actually looked rather demure (except for the 
slutty eyes) and we headed out. We were holding hands like a couple of teenagers on the 
way, both boiling over with excitement at this new adventure. We finally arrived at the 
casino, parked, walked in, and headed to the restaurant where we were meeting in the 
back. We had just arrived when Larry and Amanda arrived. Amanda was hot, thin red 
dress with nothing on under (nipples visible through the material), but nothing compared 
to Loolee. We headed in and the hostess seated us at our request in a booth. Amanda slid 
in and Larry slid in next to her. I waited until Larry was looking at us and helped Loolee 
out of her coat, revealing the full sexy slut he was going to get to enjoy tonight. Yup! His 
eyes just about popped out. He said afterward he could barely concentrate with her 
breasts swelling up out of the corset.

We ordered a light snack and talked a bit while we waited for it to arrive and as we ate, 
but soon Larry asked, So, shall we head back to our place? We readily agreed. Loolee 
insisted (no argument from me) on walking the length of the casino in her outfit, showing 
off her body, clearly sending the message to all who saw her that here was a slut, ready to 
get laid. I loved it! Since it was a bit of a drive I suggested that Loolee ride with Larry in 
his vehicle and Amanda ride with me. They agreed and we were on our way. After 
arriving at Larry and Amandas, we chit chatted for a bit and then settled into two sofas, 
Amanda and myself on one, Loolee and Larry on the other.

First Round

This was so hot! I knew we were all going to get laid within the next few minutes, I 
would be watching Loolee getting fucked by Larry while she watched me fucking 
Amanda. But the seduction that was about to play out was incredibly erotic. It started 
with Larry suggesting that Amanda show us her nipple piercings, so she lowered her top. 
Loolee said she needed a closer look so she stood and brought her head close to 
Amandas breasts, but as she intended, this put her ass right in Larrys face with her tight 
black skirt hiking up to clearly reveal her naked pussy. Larry was just about drooling with 
desire at this point. Next Amanda suggested Larry show off a tattoo on his back. He was 
going to raise his shirt, but Loolee insisted on helping him take it all the way off. Loolee 
was in heat trying to drive Larry wild and get herself thoroughly fucked. She ran her 
hands over his bare chest and back, and dropped a hand into his lap, squeezing his 
growing erection. Larry had been distracted all evening by Loolees swelling breasts, and 
then she had just waved her naked pussy in his face. He decided he wanted at those 
luscious breasts, but now for the challenge  he had to get her out of the corset. Not a 
trivial task. First he had to undo the two ties in the back, perhaps normally a simple task, 
but complicated by eagerly trembling fingers, and then undo all the hooks down one side 
(sort of like a bra from hell). But he finally succeeded and Loolee was naked from the 
waste up, proudly showing off her full breasts. Larry quickly grabbed a mouthful while 
Amanda and I watched. Soon Larry suggested we move to the bedroom.

Larry and Loolee quickly lost the rest of their clothes and clambered onto the bed where 
Loolee began sucking his cock to full hardness. What a horny little slut! Amanda and I 
watched standing at the end of the bed, me behind her grinding my crotch against her ass 
as I reached around and fondled her breasts, and then unbuttoned my shirt and pulled up 
her top so we were skin to skin above the waist. Amanda commented that she liked to 
watch, as did I, so we took our time to enjoy the show Larry and Loolee were giving us, 
but soon we needed more, so we quickly stripped off the rest of our clothes and joined 
them on the bed, 4 naked bodies eager to fuck. I spread Amandas legs and started eating 
her shaved pussy while Loolee continued to blow Larry. Soon Larry and Loolee changed 
positions, with Larry mounting her, missionary style, sinking his hard dick into her wet 
pussy as they started fucking. What a turn on! This was no porn on video, this was two 
real people right next to me, one of them being my wonderful, hot Loolee, fucking 
bareback. Loolee cant get pregnant, so no danger there, but it was incredible, knowing 
his bare dick was all the way inside her tight pussy, being massaged by it and that soon he 
was going to spew his hot sperm deep inside her.

After several orgasms, Amanda asked if I wanted to switch. Now is that a dumb question 
or what? So I laid down next to Loolee. Amanda was between my legs sucking my cock 
(getting me ready to fuck her), playing with my balls, while Larry continued to thrust 
away between Loolees spread legs. Loolee and I looked over at each other and held 
hands, grinning like little kids as we enjoyed their ministrations. Soon I was hard, so 
Amanda and I changed positions so she was laying next to Loolee and I crawled between 
her legs, sinking my hard cock into her bare pussy. Soon Larry and I were fucking Loolee 
and Amanda side by side, each thrusting away, our hard dicks encased in hot new pussy. 
Soon Loolee, sensing that Larry was getting near the end told him, Go ahead, cum in 
me. Give me your hot cum! A few minutes later Larry pushed hard into her and she 
cried out as he ejaculated into her, emptying his balls in her hot pussy. They lay together 
for a few minutes enjoying each other and watching me driving my hard cock into 
Amanda, before getting up and heading into the other room to play with the stereo. 
Before long I felt my cum building up at the base of my cock and groaned, Oh Im 
gonna cum in you, Uh, Uh, Ah-h-h-h! as my cock began pumping wildly deep inside 
Amandas tight pussy, filling her with my sperm.

Second Round

We lay together for a while resting, then talking as we listened to Larry and Loolee 
talking in the other room. Soon we began fondling each other again, turning each other on 
for another round. Larry and Loolee returned about now and quickly joined us on the 
bed. Loolee reached down and cupped Larrys balls and squeezed his cock and soon he 
was hard and ready to go again. Amanda and I watched as he once again mounted her 
and began fucking. I walked around to the end of the bed where I could see Larrys balls 
slapping against Loolees ass on each stroke, his balls full of another load of cum to pump 
into her hungry, waiting pussy. Then I walked around to the side of the bed, so I was on 
one side of Loolee while Amanda lay on the bed on the other side. Amanda was stroking 
one of Loolees breasts while I alternated between stroking the other and holding her 
hand while Larry continued to fuck her. It was so erotic knowing she had his bare cock 
sliding up inside her, that she was squeezing it with her pussy, urging him to cum in her.

Soon I decided my cock needed more attention as well and rejoined Amanda. She 
quickly sucked me back to full hardness and laid back spreading her legs for me. This 
time I crawled between her legs and rubbed the head up and down her slit and looking 
into her eyes I said, Tell me, what do you want? She answered, Cock! I want cock! 
Fuck me! I didnt need to be asked twice and sank me hard shaft into her tight wet 
pussy. She moaned in delight as I slid in, Oh! So good! I began thrusting away at her 
so once again Loolee and Amanda were side by side on the backs, legs spread, with Larry 
fucking Loolee and me fucking Amanda. I wanted to cum first this time so I could watch 
Larry cuming in Loolee. Soon I felt my cum building again and said, so everyone could 
hear, Oh yeah! Im about to cum in your again! Amanda went wild, Yes, Yes! Do it! 
I was thrusting like mad now until suddenly I erupted in her again, my dick pulsing as I 
held it deep and Amanda pushed back up hard against me, her arms wrapped around me. 
I was moaning, Oh! Here it cums! Ah! Im cumming in you! Ah-h-h! and Amanda was 
groaning, Yes! Yes! Oh-h! as she felt me pushing hard into her and pulsing inside her, 
emptying my balls in her pussy.

We finally collapsed and watched the show next to us as Larry continued to fuck Loolee, 
her legs up in the air. She was urging him on, groaning, moaning, gasping, and 
occasionally verbalizing, Yeah do it! Fuck me! Fuck me good! Oh! Cum in me! Finally 
Larry asked, Are you ready for another load? Loolee answered, Yes! Do it! Let it go! 
Give me your cum! A few more strokes and Larry gasped, pushing hard into Loolee and 
I knew that his penis was pulsing inside her, shooting his sperm into her pussy.

Wrap-Up

We all had very early days the next morning, so we reluctantly called it a night. There 
seemed little point in trying to get Loolee back into the corset at this point, so she just 
went naked, wearing the coat over her, out to the car. Despite all the fun we had, as we 
talked on the way home we both realized, that, yes it was great, yes we want to do it 
again, but we hands down preferred each other as partners. Some of that is of course due 
to getting to know each other over time and how to please each other, but a lot of it was 
simply there from the start. Loolee is just the hottest woman I have ever known, she loves 
to turn me on, show off her body, and have sex for hours. The way she looks at me as she 
rides me or as I am fucking her is just indescribable. And she loves my technique, both 
fucking and oral and the way I encourage her to be a slut.

We got home, and of course still being horny, especially for each other, she quickly had 
me hard and I slid into her pussy, extra wet at this point from the two loads of cum that 
Larry had already pumped into her. We fucked until once again my cock swelled extra 
hard and suddenly exploded, pumping yet another load of hot semen into her hot pussy. 
We then curled up in each others arms and fell asleep, pleasantly sated.

Looking back on the evening, I especially loved two parts of it. Sure Amanda was hot 
and it was great to fuck her and cum inside her, feel her eagerly pushing back against me 
to accept my seed. But the things that really turned me on were Loolees seduction of 
Larry and watching them fuck.

I loved helping her dress as a wanton seductress slut and watching her turn Larry on, 
knowing how exciting it was for both of them: For Loolee to be an uninhibited slut to a 
total stranger turning him on, knowing she was going to take this strange mans penis 
inside her. This part involved her dressing to make it clear she was horny, willing to flaunt 
it, and wanted to fuck, and then arousing Larry first in the restaurant, then shoving her 
ass in his face, and watching him undress her so he could get at her luscious breasts (on 
his way to even better things). I could imagine Larrys lust and desire for this beautiful 
sexy woman, so eager for him to fuck her!

And I loved seeing them fucking. I loved the familiar animal sounds Loolee made as 
Larry pounded her, the way she begged him to give her more of his cock. I could imagine 
how wonderful her pussy felt on Larrys penis, how awesome it must be for him to be 
balls deep in such a sexy woman knowing he was going to cum in her. I loved knowing 
they were both loving every stroke, simultaneously wanting it to last forever and wanting 
to feel his cum spraying into her. And then knowing he was at that moment of ultimate 
pleasure as he released into her, she eagerly opening herself to accept his seed  awesome!

We are eagerly looking forward to meeting other couples and doing it again!

