Rimmer’s sheets smelled of starch and the musky-scented soap he used. Lister breathed it in and sighed as Rimmer’s lips found a sensitive spot on his neck. This was new, this was different...

His encounters with Alex had always been heavy, intense; rushed even. He should have known it wouldn’t be that way with Rimmer. Rimmer made love the way he did everything else; slowly and methodically. When Lister had reached down to start tenderly stroking his cock, he’d gently moved his hand away. “Not yet,” he whispered embarrassed, “I won’t last if you do that.” Lister had kissed him instead. And now he was on his back in the bed, pinned down within the cage that was Rimmer’s body, having bits of himself sucked and licked and kissed that hadn’t had that kind of attention in far too may years. Rimmer was working his way downwards with an agonising slowness that was making the whole of the lower half of Lister’s body tingle with anticipation.

Gently, he kissed his nipples, pressing them teasingly with his tongue. Lister murmured appreciatively and arched his back, reaching up to tangle his fingers in Rimmer’s curls. He felt him move again, edging ever downwards to nuzzle at the dark hair low on his abdomen. He could feel the softness of his breath against his cock and it was making him delirious.

Rimmer could sense his excitement, but decided to prolong the moment a little longer before putting him out of his misery. Lightly stroking his thighs, he brushed a soft kiss against the tip of his cock then moved down to lap at his balls. Lister gave a heartfelt groan, “God, Rimmer, please...”

“Uh-uh-uh,” Rimmer admonished softly, “You kept me waiting long enough. I want to make the most of this.” 

“I feel like I’m going to die, man...I can’t take any more!” Lister begged weakly.

“Oh, I think you can take a little more,” Rimmer smiled, running one hand smoothly up the shaft of Lister’s burning cock. Lister moaned and a few drops of sticky fluid seeped from the tip onto Rimmer’s fingers. He tut-tutted softly, “Naughty boy,” Pinning Lister down beneath him, he gently pushed the fingers into his mouth, making him suck them clean; reaching down as he did so with his other hand to caress his cock.

Lister wriggled against him desperately and finally Rimmer slid his fingers out of his mouth and granted him a kiss. Their tongues danced lightly against each other and Rimmer tasted the sweet tang of Lister’s juice. It made him want more. Deciding he’d suffered enough, he waited no longer. He bent down between his thighs and sucked him deeply into his mouth. Lister almost shot off right away, but he managed to hold back. He couldn’t get over the fact that this was Rimmer doing this to him, driving him so crazy. It was incredible and surreal and totally, mind-blowingly, erotic. He felt Rimmer tighten his grip on his thighs, pushing them back and taking him deeper into his mouth, and he closed his eyes and gasped. He was going to come any second. He could feel all the little tell-tale signs springing into life all over his body.

And then there was something else. Another feeling he’d never felt before. It was new and...good...but in a disconcerting kind of way. For a moment he was confused and then his eyes flew open as it became clear to him. Rimmer had been lightly stroking his ass with the wet fingers he’d made Lister suck and now, very gently, very carefully, he eased one in. Lister gasped sharply, both his head and body shocked and unsure how to react. This was something he’d never explored with Alex. For them, sex had been all about what they could do to each other with their mouths and their hands. It had all been about the cock. They’d never even discussed... this. 

Perhaps it would have taken them that one step too far to still pretend they were just friends; or maybe they’d both just been too embarrassed to bring it up. Either way, in this respect, Lister was still a virgin, and a blushing one at that. Rimmer was still sucking his cock, he was still teetering on the brink of orgasm, but now there was this whole new sensation to deal with. There was pain, but it was vague and distant; unimportant somehow. 

Rimmer was gently sliding his finger back and forth and Lister was still coming to terms with the feeling when he pushed another one in. For a second or two there was real pain, and he winced, but it passed quickly and now he was definitely feeling something else. Something right...something good....He went with the feeling, trusting his senses, trusting Rimmer, and moments later he was there; lost in an incredible kind of orgasm that he’d never experienced before. 

When Rimmer crawled up to lie beside him, he saw the shimmering track of a single, tiny tear just at the corner of his eye. He smiled at him, “Think you can manage another round?” Lister reached out with one weak but tender hand to stroke Rimmer’s erection and this time he didn’t stop him. They kissed, slower this time, but deeper. Lister gently pulled Rimmer’s arms around him, then - giving him a meaningful look - rolled over within the circle of their warmth and pressed his back to him, wriggling in a very definite way against his lower body. Rimmer was vaguely surprised; but pleased too. He kissed his shoulder and the back of his neck, letting his hands wander, then rolled on top of him, pressing him face-down to the bed. 

Lister turned his head so his cheek was resting against the pillow and parted his thighs without resistance as Rimmer mounted him and lay down against the length of his back, running his tongue along the indentation of his spine as he did so. He could feel the soft wet tip of his erection, hot and hard, pressing eagerly between his cheeks, but Rimmer didn’t seem ready to penetrate him yet. He was still exploring, thrilled by the feel of his naked body beneath him; the smoothness of his skin and the warm peachiness of his ass pressed against his cock.

He’d fantasised this, dreamed this - both waking and sleeping – so many times. He would start off thinking about Lister, wondering what he and Alex were doing at that moment; whether they were kissing or fucking. Then slowly, as the fantasy progressed, he would take Alex’s place. He would be the one in bed with Lister; bringing him to orgasm or gently holding his head, staring down into his beautiful brown eyes as he watched him suck his cock. He’d never dared hope that these fantasies would eventually come true.

He rubbed some of the sticky juice at the head of his cock around the tight entrance to Lister’s ass and felt him tense up slightly. Maybe he really was much bigger than Alex. Feeling very smug, Rimmer kissed him tenderly between the shoulder blades and he seemed to relax a little. He would take it slow. He would be gentle. He didn’t want to hurt him; he wanted this to be the best sex Lister had ever had in his whole life.

He made a small noise in his throat as Rimmer entered him, but he didn’t seem to be in pain, and after a few moments he sighed deeply in unmistakeable contentment. Rimmer smiled and started to thrust slowly; and it wasn’t long before Lister was moving with him, pushing his buttocks back eagerly against Rimmer’s hips and squeezing his ass deliciously around his cock. Rimmer watched entranced as Lister writhed beneath him, charting the steadily peaking crest of his pleasure and manipulating it accordingly; going fast then slow, shallow then deep and by the time Rimmer was ready to explode, he knew Lister was too. He let himself go, unleashed all that pent-up passion that he’d lived with for so long and when he heard Lister crying out desperately beneath him, felt the sharp contraction of his muscles around his cock, he soared.

They lay panting for a while before Rimmer climbed off him. “Was it good?” he whispered breathlessly. Lister laughed weakly, “It was amazing, Rimmer.”

“Was I as good as Alex?”

Lister smiled. Even at a moment like this, Rimmer had to ask; had to compete. At least he could answer him with something good. “Well, actually,” he said, “I never did that with Alex.” Rimmer’s expression was shocked and amazed,

“You didn’t?”

“No.”

“Never?”

“No. You’re my very first.”

“Oh my God,” he started to panic, “Was it okay? Did I hurt you?” 

“It was perfect, Rimmer. Really. Just perfect.”

“Wow,” Rimmer was speechless, “I can’t believe it.”

“Aren’t I your first?” Lister asked.

“Well, yes but...that kind of went without saying. I thought you’d...I can’t believe you let me...”

“It’s okay, Rimmer. Don’t freak out.” Lister snuggled up against him, starting to feel sleepy, “Give me a hug. I’m exhausted.”

Rimmer put his arms around him and held him tight, “I still can’t believe it...” Lister yawned and smiled sleepily, ignoring him. He’d get over it and Lister was too tired to talk about it anymore. 

It was true what they said, he thought as he fell asleep, that friends really did make the best lovers.