Hatake had, of course, picked the one restaurant in Konoha that had a dress code that went beyond ‘Blood or butts equals no business’. No, Ryou’s politely asked (read: demanded) that all of its patrons be attired in clothing that fell just shy of being extremely formal.

Iruka arrived at the restaurant just moments before he was supposed to be there, hot, damp, and itchy. He had spent over an hour digging through his closet for something that would pass the standards at Ryou’s and finally had found something that he could wear and not get kicked out—after he shook all the dust out and hid all the weapons he could in it.

After all that, he barely had enough time to wash all of the dust off of himself before he quickly dressed and yanked his still soaking hair into a low ponytail. He couldn’t jump across roofs dressed like that, so he was forced to hurry along the street and put up with all the stares and catcalls.

Jerk-offs. They acted like they had never seen a man in formal wear before.

As he waited for Hatake to get his sorry—and late—ass over to the restaurant, he wondered how much he could get away with in making the other miserable before Hatake tried to kill him. It was only fair, after all.

“Well Sensei, you’re lucky that none of your girlfriends can see you right now.” A familiar voice drawled in Iruka’s ear just as his scar twitched. Iruka resisted the urge to punch the older man and give him a lecture on personal space. “Forest green suits you well.”

“You’re late.” Iruka snapped, still resisting the urge to pummel Hatake. “And they are not my girlfriends!”

“I was planning a hunting expedition.” The words slid passed his ear and Iruka mentally noted the date, time, and location of all the bystanders. If Hatake didn’t knock off this shit off, Iruka was going to nail him for sexual harassment or sexual intimidation or general indecency or whatever the hell he could hit the other man with that was bad, would put a black mark on the jounin’s record, and involved lots of long, drawn-out piles of paperwork.

There was something to be said for bureaucracy.

“Whatever you say. Let’s get this over with.” Iruka started towards the restaurant. The sooner he got into that restaurant, the sooner he could leave that stupid, infuriating jounin behind.

Hatake trailed after him like a badly trained puppy. “Now, now, Sensei,” he sounded amused, “you don’t need to treat this like a trip to the dentist’s. I know that I’m more fun than pulling teeth.”

“I’m sure.” Iruka muttered, sarcastically.

“And I think it’s proper etiquette to return the compliment.”

He decided not to argue semantics on what constituted a compliment. “As you didn’t see fit to walk up to me like a normal, polite human being and thus I haven’t seen you yet, I highly doubt that—” He stopped cold.

Hatake’s brightly arched eye and covered face suddenly was a mere hairsbreadth away from Iruka’s own. “How careless of me.” The words were close enough that Iruka could feel the faint stirring of air they made. “And while compliments don’t necessarily need to be about physical details, I’d love to hear your thoughts on the matter.”

Unrattled image be damned! Iruka took a step back, angry. Hatake had really crossed the lines for what was appropriate and what was not.

Hatake grinned some more and held his arms out slightly, showcasing the dark blue material that had an occasional thin strand of shimmery white thread shot through it. “Well, Sensei?”

“You look less like a lazy lout.” Iruka snapped and sidestepped the slightly taller man.

He caught a glimpse of a wide beaming curve of the exposed eye. “Why, thank you!” The Copy Ninja appeared next to him, keeping up with his brisk stride. “And that was an impressive display of alliteration and assonance, Sensei.”

“…Thank you.” Iruka said stiffly as he pushed open the door. He just wanted the evening to be done.

A quick look at the menu and Iruka began to count how many recipes he knew that involved rice and beans, because that’s all he was going to be able to eat in the coming weeks with prices like these.

He scanned the flowery language for something cheap. If he was going to pay, he might as well make sure that he wasn’t going to have to live on rice and beans for a year instead of a month. And knowing Hatake, he was going to order the most expensive thing he could find.

As if to prove his point, Hatake immediately ordered a very good and very well-known (and very pricey) bottle of sake when the pretty young waitress came with the almond-scented clothes for their hands. Iruka mentally subtracted fresh coffee from his groceries list; he’d have to make due with the coffee that lived in the staff room for a little bit.

The jounin looked positively insulted when Iruka tried to wave aside the cup that Kakashi poured for him. “Don’t you trust my taste in sake?”

“I have no doubts of its quality.” Iruka replied shortly. “But I have seen how you jounin drink and I am not going to get plastered. I have classes tomorrow.”

Hatake had the gall to laugh at him. “I didn’t ask you to join me for drinks; really, Sensei, I’m not trying to get you drunk this time”—Iruka really didn’t like the modifier added there; it was as if Kakashi was planning to get him drunk in the future—“and I’m only giving you one cup. I doubt that even you are such a light drinker that would affect you.”

Deciding that his peace of mind was more important than winning a battle of wills with an idiot, Iruka glared hard and held out his hand. The urge to clout the jounin was back again.

The smile that Hatake wore was too cheerful and too self-satisfied. Iruka tried to ignore it as he carefully sipped the sake. The flavour slid over his tongue like flaming silk and he resisted the urge to shut his eyes in sheer pleasure. This sake was at least fifty steps above what he normally drank. For a brief moment, he thought it might actually be worth the exorbitant price.

“Did it measure up to your expectations, Sensei?”

Iruka put his cup down precisely. “It will do.” He returned to his menu.

Hatake burst into laughter again, shaking his head. Iruka braced himself for an insult or snide comment, but none came. Hatake only busied himself with the menu, chuckling to himself.

Iruka had finally found the cheapest things he could on the menu by the time the pretty young waitress came back. “I would like the hiyayakko and miso soup to start with, if you please, and I would like to have the kaiso salad and tamago, please.” He smiled at her and tried not to think about rice and beans.

Hatake officially shot that down when he ordered his meal. “The kama hama and miso soup to start and then I’d like the chirashi. With extra ginger.”

Iruka mentally sighed. At least what Hatake ordered wasn’t the most expensive things on the menu, only the second and third most. He removed his afternoon tea from his grocery list and rationed his evening tea.

“I do believe that people converse when they are having dinner together, Sensei.” Hatake said a few moments later, refilling both cups.

“Most people also have dinner together to enjoy the other’s company, Hatake-san.”

“Kakashi,” the masked man cheerfully corrected him. “No need to be so formal. Are you saying that you’re not enjoying my company?”

“I was simply making an observation.”

“You wound me, Sensei. I’m enjoying yours.” Iruka was pretty sure the other leered at him at this point and he abandoned his diminishing grocery list to return to his calculations of how fast a recently castrated ninja could move.

“I think it has less to do with me and more to do with the free food.” Iruka said, mentally throwing in the variable of being in formal dress instead of the usual uniform.

“Oh, but Sensei, if I was only after the food, don’t you think that I’d simply demand that you find some way to bring me the food from here?”

Iruka felt the artery in his forehead twitch as his eyes narrowed.

Hatake was saved by the waitress bringing the first course. Iruka settled down for plotting more revenge on the Copy Ninja over his soup. While he knew it was probably a bad idea to get even further on to the jounin’s bad side, it felt nice to think of ways he could make life just a little bit worse.

The food was good—almost divine, if Iruka was feeling honest. To keep himself from thinking too many good thoughts about the food, he kept repeating his tiny grocery list in his head. It also helped him from punching Hatake or doing some equally bad.

Hatake also ordered some watermelon ice for himself at the end and Iruka wondered which he needed more—clean clothing or food—because he certainly was not going to be able to afford both in the coming days.

Iruka nearly screamed when Hatake insisted that they walk some of the dinner off. All he wanted to do was go home and wallow in his new-found poverty in peace. That, and nurse some water and electrolytes. The sake had been very good and Iruka knew he had drunk more than was entirely wise.

Finally, finally Hatake seemed to have enough of torturing Iruka for the night and Iruka felt a short-lived flash of gratitude.

“What, no good night kiss?”

A very, very, very short-lived flash of gratitude.

He nearly choked and knew that he had made an indignant noise before he could stop himself.

Hatake’s amusement seemed to have grown. “Or do you wait until the third date so no-one thinks you’re easy, Sensei?”

Iruka blamed his next move on the alcohol.

Unable to resist the urge any more, he snarled “good night!”, punched Hatake’s smirking face, and ran off.

He’d fill out the 15-2g Incident Report form in the morning.