Hi everybody, my name is Farida and I am now 29 years old, working as-
--------------- at hospital in London. It's really a strange story I
would have never been able to tell if I did not accidentally fall
upon desi stories site. I come to read lots of sencus stories about
love between sibling, some I believe and some i did not. But who as i
to judge, my story actually start at my birth may be before when me
and my brother Fareed conceive in my mother womb, yes we are twin, I
would not go about faimly back ground, because lots of people will
get hurt and most of me and my bro. While growing up it was natural
to be more effecionate to eachother then other member off the family,
being belong to prominent faimly of lahore we went to good ---------
to school and university, about five years back my bother got married
to one of our cousion in england.though i never thought i will miss
him that terribly, but I did. Year after when he come back to visit
us in Pakistan.

I was overjoyed, even my sis in law comments laughingly that like i
have found lost love. time pass quickly and their holidays was over
and they have to go back. It was terriable time having say goodby to
one u love and charised and to say good-bye wasnt easy. I cried all
the time was miserable most of the time i look my self in my room,
things was miserable i was lonly and miss fareed very much, some how
I could not understand why. Later on I realized that it wasn't
brother-sister love it was pure love, not sex but love. When one day
my mom told me that some asked for my hand from england i said ok, i
did not even look at his pic or asked any question, because deep down
I knew its my brother i was going to see and being near him. Poor
chap he did not know what hit him, most of the time i was talking to
my bro, visiting him, make lots of people unhappy including my sister
in law. She starts putting restriction on us, my own husband start
getting anoyyed andevery one miserable, but I was happy. Three years
passed, and my husband had enough he ask for divorced and i said yes,
I thought I will be free to see my bro but my sister in law asked him
to choose and he chose her.

I was heartbroken i came to know after word she blackmailed him
saying she is pregnant, and if he keep seeing me he wont be able to
see his child. I was in same situation, out of the bue------hospital
offerd and i said yes.i wanted to get away from all, so I moved back
to london bye a house and try to gather my life as good i can have
boyfriend and try to forget him. And some how i long after him, i try
to find him through other people but my heart long after him,op to
this time i was aware that i need him sexually as well mentally, so
it happened, I got a call for him that he is travlling to london for
a conference and would meet me for few hours if i can managed to
catch him in hyde park, I said ok It was gray rainy september day
rain drizzling all day,and i could wait so i see him my heart was
gallaping my whole body was heavy and i could not breath,and i felt
like i have fever. Anyhow i took train to hyde park could not trust
my self driving the car, so I saw him standing there waiting for me.
I ran towards him and hang to him on the neck, He hold me tight. My
heart was thumping like mad my breast pressed to his chest, and I
would not let it go. Tears rolling down my cheak on to his face, he
hold me tight and kept saying "thek thek sab thek hai " come on, but
I could not let it go he hold me from shoulders and wipe tear off my
eyes and then he did which i never could dream, he kissed my eyes,
and then very lightly kissed me on my lips.

OHHHHHHHH oh i was gone. I wanted to kiss him back my legs were
trembling i was hot my breathing was heavy and my breast were heing
up and down i could not look at him and some how i knew i got him,
after a while we cool down we went to mac to get some food and we
talked like old times we did not talk about family or his wife or mom
or sister or any one else. We played chased eachothers on, i wasnt
bother its raining, as we were sitting on bench talking he was
holding my hand and i feel content happy, He turned around look in my
eyes and kissed on my mouth this time more forcefully and automatic
my mouth open and i responded. He turned me around and ambrased me
still kissing me his hand started working on my body just like any
other lovers we did not spoke not say a single word just imagining
that we were commetting the ultimate sin devoring eachother and top
off that in public. But i did not care neither did he, i wanted him
inside me I wanted his body his lund his dick his prick small or
bigger thin or thicker i wanted him to plunged in me in my phuddi in
my choot in my pussy in my cunt i wanted him ohh-i wanted him i still
had my doctor white coat on underneath my shalwar kameez was thin and
flimsy .he tried to feel my breat through the clothes but it wasnt
nice. He hold my hand trak to his lund. oh -its was hard hard ohhhh i
wanted it for so long all my 27 years of life i wanted him I wanted
him to fuck me fill my womb make me pregnet all the journy this was
the manzil, this was the end station and I didn't care if its public
place or what.

I was horny and some time love overwhlemd me, but at the moment i
wanted only one thing in the world. To get fucked by my twin brother.
Have him in my choot. To make my choot wider, deeper and bigger. I
was desperate so I whispered to him, "Lets go towards the toilets".
What?, he said "toilets ?, oh nice idea" We look around, he spotted
one quickly, we went toward toilets i was still holding him his hands
were around my waist, toilets were hide in the corners and and there
was lots of bushes around it. We looked around. There weren't lots of
people around, but just before we went in i heard some one having
sex. oh oh oh fuck. After our eyes adjusted to darkness of tiolet
there was girl sitting on her knees sucking a white man dick, Fareed
standing behind me holding me from my waist. His lund was boring in
my chooters and believe me, it was so long it nearlly touching my
hand on the the front, i could not wait any longer my whole body was
on fire and so was he. Without speaking anything, some how he ripped
open my shalwar from the middle and made a big hole. Now he can
directly touch my choot. His finger slowly rubbing my choot and once
in while he grab my whole choot in his hand hard and rough. ohhh --
and then he pushed me on the railling with one hand so my ass stuck
out in the air. He put his rain coat around us just like two lovers.
He then pushed his lund toward my choot hole, belive me, the toppe of
his lund was even bigger then my whole choot, he rubbed it up and
down and involuntry i opened my legs wider and wider. oh I wanted him
boring in me, fucking me, tears was rolling down my face he was just
rubbing it-------.

Oh i pushed my gand towards him, I was frustrated and hungry, hungry
for love-----oh, and at this time he said, "dal duun ander ?", I
could have screem behanchood i said and laughed. He liked laugh as
well and pushed his tooppa in. oh------oh my choot was so slippery
and my pussy juices were running like fountain, but it would not go
in as his lund was much bigger so I put my hand down and opened my
pussy lips so he could lodge his lund head in my hole, and thats what
i done. Suddenly he pushed. oh oh and his lund sliped in ------the
pain was unbearable and like hhe knew he stayed still and waited only
head of his lund was in but my pussy was streached wide to the limit.
After a while he start moving very slowly care fully just not to hurt
me he was my lover and my fucker, wasn't just my odd sex partner.
After about 20 strokes he was fully in. oh what a pleasure it was
heaven on earth. I pushed my gand toward him wildly and he started
fucking me earnestly. "Issi ka intazer tha na ?. Apne bahi sa chhodna
ka ?" haaaaaan, I screamed behanchood chod mujhe. Jitna chahe chod
aur apni behan ki phuddi khuli ker dai. zoor sa.-oh i was having
orgasms after orgasms and was coming like nigrafall i dont know how
long it took two minute five, who care he was in me. Mere choot mai
apni behan ki choot mai. ohhhhhh he was fitting me very nicely as he
was only made for me. His big fat lund was in all the way oh he
belonged to my choot moving in and out. oh it was wonder full ,
suddenlly he start moving hard and fast he pulled all out and tump
all in sound off plup -plup was music to my ears. I was pushing my
gand wild at him, never before I made love so wildly, so abondend.

Oh i love his slamming his lund was now getting more and more harder
in my choot, slippry with my love juices and then he came filling my
womb over flowing my pussy, it took him quite a while to emtpy
himself in sister's cunt, i followed him simultaneously. Bucking
screaming----------oh come, come fill me fill my choot. "Ohh chod
diya na behan ko ohhhhhh issi ki intazer tha sare umer". He hold me
so tight. Holding my breast with his hard chest. Then I felt warm on
my shoulders he was crying. I just hanged there on the railling
corner of hide park toilet feel loved priveldge because I knew why he
is crying his .... goal has been achieved he has come home. His lund
was still buried deep in my choot, filling me complettly not even now
he went soft. He was still hard. He didn't go to his wife that night.
We went back to my house and made love all night. Now i dont care
what people would say about us. May be we are mad may be we would be
punished. May be it suppose to be like that, but its not only sex.
Its love just being near him always makes me happy and horny. I am
happy content nopw but after this first epside it will go another
year before thing really happen, yes do people in my faimly know? yes
my older sister does no one else. If I got time i will let u people
know how we really came together. Love to all sibblings.

