Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 29: Friday

Madison looked up at Aaron and he was smiling. His chest was impressive and there was no hair on it, his arms looked even bigger without a shirt. She felt him between her legs and then she felt him push gently. Her young pussy opened for him, and she felt his cock start to slide inside her. She took a deep breath and then she noticed movement. Katie was on her left and Alex was on her right. They each took one of her hands and held them as Aaron slid his huge black cock deeper into her little body.

Madison whimpered as the monster cock continued to open her up. She looked up and now Jordan was smiling down at her. Jordan moved closer and then kissed her gently. She felt a warmth move through her body and then she felt something soft and warm on her breasts. She looked and Katie and Alex were each kissing and sucking on one of her nipples. Jordan leaned over and she saw Jordan’s boobs hanging over her face. They were big and firm, and she wanted to kiss them.

Jordan moved her face down and started to kiss her hard. She felt her tongue shoot into her mouth and her hands on the sides of her head. Madison groaned into Jordan’s mouth as she felt Aaron sink completely inside. His entire cock was in her body. She tried to imagine what this must look like. She heard a buzzing noise and thought it was coming from outside. What could be buzzing so loud outside?

Madison opened her eyes, and she was in her bedroom, her sheets were off, and her legs were spread wide open. She looked around and she was by herself. She closed her eyes and tried to pull the dream back. She felt sadness when she realized it was not real. It felt so real. She sat up and realized she was wet with sweat. Her hair was pasted to her face. She slid her legs off the side of the bed and tried to get her bearings. That was quite a dream. She reached down and touched her panties to make sure they were not full of stuff. No, dry and clean, damn.

She walked slowly into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. She looked a little ragged this morning, well, that dream was intense, and her body sort of felt like it had really happened. She did realize she would be a lot sorer if Aaron had truly had sex with her. She smiled when she thought of his face looking down at her. It wasn’t real but the memory of the dream would work until she could break him down and have him put his cock in her for real. She stripped off her shirt and panties and stepped into the warm shower.

Alex woke up and felt Aaron’s body against her back. His arm was over her and holding her breast. This was nice. She loved the feel of his skin on hers and it felt good to be in his arms. She felt safe and protected. She also felt a little sore, they had a lot of sex yesterday. They would have to tone that down a little or she would end up walking funny permanently. She glanced at the clock and saw she had 10 more minutes before she had to get up. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the moment.

Barry Jones was watching his screen, worried about his relationship with Madison. He chuckled at the irony; his concern did not stop him from watching her get dressed. She walked in the room in her towel, what was it about girls in towels that was so hot. He remembered when she was in a towel in his house, God, he wished he had footage of that day. He saw her drop the towel and her firm little ass filled his screen. It was remarkable, so firm and full but toned and looked perfect on top of her strong legs. He saw her bend over to open a lower drawer and he almost fell off his chair. He caught a short glimpse of her pussy as she bent over. He wiped his forehead and tried to breathe deep.

Madison pulled out her jean skirt, she hadn’t worn that in a while. Mr. Thomas would love this one. It was the shortest skirt she had; it came to the middle of her thighs. She dug around in her underwear drawer and tried to decide which panties he would like to see today. She decided on a pair of red silk ones, they were a little fancy but hey it was Friday and she had to go to the office today anyway. She was pretty sure an old man or two would be involved and they would love these as well. She stepped into them and pulled them up. They fit snug, she must be growing, they were almost too small but still comfortable. She may have to go panty shopping, she smiled when she thought of asking Jordan to help her with that.

Alex rubbed his arm and felt him move a little. She felt him squeeze her breast and she felt a shiver run through her. No, they could not fuck this morning, her pussy needed a break. She also needed to get going or she was going to be late. She rolled over and looked at him. His hand slid down and started rubbing between her legs.

“Relax tiger, I am really sore and almost late. Can I take a rain check?” She said and touched his powerful chest.

“Sure, you are just so pretty I can’t keep my hands off your body. It is nice waking up next to you.” Aaron said.

“Yes, that is nice. I promise you can fuck me all weekend if you want. I just need to get to work.” She said.

“I may call you on that one. That sounds like fun. Now get out of my bed before I lose control.” He said and pushed her. She laughed and scrambled to her feet.

Aaron watched her walk into the bathroom. Her ass was special, he was wondering if he had seen a better one. He was pretty sure the only one that even came close was Sam. He smiled when he thought of her, he was comparing a 14-yr-old to a grown woman but that was a nice little ass she had working. He pulled his mind back to Alex and pulled her pillow over and took a deep breath. He loved having her here and she was already making his apartment feel different. Better atmosphere and much better smells.

Madison found a pink halter top and slipped it on. It was a little different in that the straps were not thin like regular halters. It didn’t quite meet her skirt, a couple inches of her belly showed. She was probably pushing the limits of the dress code, but it was Friday and she felt good today. She thought about tossing another outfit in her bag just in case but decided against it. She would live on the edge; her principal and assistant principal were both older men and she figured they would not mind. She looked at the mirror and decided she did not need a bra with the halter, it would look dumb anyway. She rubbed her boobs and got a wonderful idea; Mr. Thomas was going to remember today for a long time.

Aaron opened his eyes, and she was looking down at him. Her hair was curled and looked amazing; she was wearing a blue dress that looked very nice on her. He could tell she had hose or stockings on as her legs were tinted black. The top of the dress held her boobs perfectly, she looked very professional but very fuckable. Of course, he was starting to think she would look fuckable in anything she wore. She smiled at him and leaned over to kiss him.

“Have a good day, I will see you this afternoon when you bring Madison?” She said and kissed him gently.

“Yep, you certainly will.” He said and she saw the look in his eyes. Her pussy tingled and she wondered if she would be able to stop him from pulling her into that closet at the office.

“Ok, I have to go. Try and fuck something today, I am still sore.” She said and walked to the door. He laughed as she walked out of the room.

“I’ll get right on that.” He said. She waved and left for work.

Madison hopped down the stairs and Henry chuckled. She was obviously in Friday mode.

“You look cute today, I haven’t seen that skirt in a long time.” He said.

“Yeah, it got lost in the bottom of my drawer, I wanted to wear something fun today, it is Friday and I feel good.” Madison said and opened the refrigerator to pull out the milk for her cereal.

“You excited for the meet tomorrow?” Henry asked.

“Yes, it will be fun running against Jordan, I almost feel like we are on the same team, but I am sure coach won’t think like that.” Madison said and sat at the table.

“Yeah, I am thinking he will not feel any different about Jordan.” Henry said.

“He hasn’t shared any new plans he has although sometimes he saves it and springs it on me at the last minute.” Madison said and took a big bite of cereal.

“Well, either way it will be exciting, you guys have been running really well. I am very proud of you; it is not often that a freshman qualifies for state.” Henry said.

“Yeah, coach said I was his first. He is pretty excited.” Madison said, feeling even better talking about coach and her running.

“That is amazing baby. You should be very excited. When is state?” Henry said.

“I am not sure, we have to have district first, I think that is in a couple of weeks so state would be after that. I will ask coach.” She said, chewing her cereal.

“That will be very cool, they usually hold that in a big stadium, it will feel like the Olympics.” Henry said and she laughed.

“Daddy, I don’t think our state tournament will be anything like the Olympics.” Madison said and smiled.

“Well, it will be for me.” Henry said and stood to bring his coffee cup to the sink.

“Are you going to be at the office this afternoon?” Madison said.

“Yes, I should be. We can ride home together.” Henry said.

“Cool, we have to pick up Sam. Remember she is spending the night.” Madison said.

“That’s right, no problem. I have to get going honey. Have a great day and I will see you this afternoon.” Henry said and kissed her on the top of the head.

“Have a good day, daddy.” Madison said.

Madison watched her daddy walk out and thought about him being at the office when she was helping Mr. Thompson. She was sure Mr. Thompson thought about that, but it would be bad if her daddy walked in while she was practicing on one of her old men. She felt a tingle in her tummy when she thought about what she might have to do this afternoon. She hoped she would not end up with stuff in her shoes again, she just got them clean from last time.

Barry Jones was nervous as he sat on his swing. He was hesitant for the first time ever to have Madison come over and visit. He felt like an idiot for the way he butchered their conversation yesterday, he had made her cry. He was such a schmuck; he would not be surprised if she didn’t even stop over this morning. He heard a door slam and he saw Henry walking to his car. He waved, Henry waved back and got in his car and drove off. He sat for a few more minutes in his agony and then he heard the door slam again.

He watched her walk across his yard and his cock stiffened immediately. Obviously, his nervousness did not inhibit his blood flow. She had on a little pink halter with her tight belly showing. That little jean skirt was fucking amazing. It was tiny and it reminded him how small she was. Her legs were definitely on display today. He wondered what her teachers would think about this outfit. His nerves ramped up as she walked up the steps. She smiled and came over and sat down on his swing. She was looking down as her legs dangled off the swing.

“Good morning, Mr. Jones.” She said.

“Good morning, Madison. How are you today?” Barry said.

“I feel good today. I love Fridays.” She said and looked at him. He could see sadness in her eyes, and it broke his heart.

“Yes, I love Fridays as well. I am getting excited about your meet; I love watching them.” Barry said.

“Thanks, me too. Sam is spending the night tonight.” Madison said.

“That will be fun, how is she feeling? I know you were worried about her.” Barry said.

“She is feeling much better.” Madison said, she wanted to talk to Mr. Jones about Sam’s daddy, but she felt like the conversation would be awkward, so she did not say anything.

“That is good. Maybe it was growing pains and she is past it.” He said.

“Yeah, hopefully.” Madison said.

They sat in silence and Madison tried to breathe deep to keep from crying. She hated that she had messed up their friendship. Why had she pushed him so hard to do things? Why didn’t she notice he was uncomfortable? She wondered if she could have a friend without kissing and touching them. She thought about her life lately and she had no one like that. Mr. Jones used to be that, and Jordan was for a minute but then she ended up naked in her car with her panties around her ankle. That was nice though and she didn’t regret that a bit. She did miss her talks with Mr. Jones. All of a sudden, she was not so happy, she wiped her eyes.

Barry looked at the young girl and he didn’t know what to say or do. He knew he was an idiot, but he had no idea how to fix it. She was sitting with her cute feet swinging and her head down.

“Madison, what do you have planned for the rest of the weekend?” He said and she looked at him. He watched as her face crumbled. The tears exploded out of her eyes.

“Oh, Mr. Jones, I am so sorry.” She said through her sobs and tears. He slid over and hugged her to his chest. He held her as she cried. He figured he could hold her forever if needed. He leaned over and put his cheek on the top of her head.

Madison was embarrassed that she could not hold back her sadness. She had felt so good this morning when she woke up but now, she was sad as she sat on his swing in his arms. His hug felt good, she hoped he was not uncomfortable hugging her. He shouldn’t, her daddy hugged her, and it was fine. She pulled back a little and wiped her eyes again.

“Mr. Jones, can we start over? I miss talking to you.” She said.

“Baby, we can do whatever you want that will make you happy. It breaks my heart to see you sad.” He said and wiped some tears off her cheek.

“Ok, I need you. I don’t want us to ever not be friends.” She said.

“Sweetheart, I will be your friend until I die. Nothing or no one will ever change that. Please believe me and whatever I did to make you sad I am deeply sorry.” He said.

“You didn’t do anything, it was me. I made you do things that made you uncomfortable.” She said.

“Let’s agree to just wipe out yesterday and move on, how about that?” He said.

“I would like that.” She said and stood up. She picked up her backpack and stepped in front of him.

“Can I kiss you goodbye?” She said and he nodded.

She leaned over and kissed his lips gently. She held the kiss for a few seconds and pulled back.

“You have a good day.” She said.

“You too sweetheart.” He said and she turned and walked off his porch. He watched her ass as she walked across his yard, knowing it was wrapped in red silk. He wondered if he would ever see it live again or would he be relegated to his computer to see her.

Madison walked to Sam’s house and stopped, Sam came out of the door and walked down the steps. She looked like she was still feeling good. She had on a cute white sundress that was shorter than usual. Her legs looked nice. She walked up to Madison.

“Good morning rock star. You are looking hot today.” Sam said.

“Not as hot as you, that dress is cool.” Madison said.

“Yeah, this is the one Katie bought for me. It is a lot like the one you have.” Sam said.

“But you wear it better than I ever did, you look amazing.” Madison said and Sam smiled.

They walked to school and talked the entire way. Madison reminded her they were going to drop her off after school and then pick her up on the way back from the office. They approached the school and went in, Madison hugged Sam and told her she would see her at lunch. She walked to Mr. Thomas’s room and saw him sitting at his desk. He looked like he was working on a report of some kind, he had a folder open. She walked up and stood next to him. He turned and his face was only about six inches from her boobs. He looked up at her.

“Good morning, Madison.” He said.

“Good morning, Mr. Thomas. Happy Friday.” She said and turned to walk to her desk. She was the first one in the class. She sat at her desk and reached under her desk to put her books away. She spread her legs a little more than needed and he got a great look at the red silk between her legs.

Hank Thomas wondered how he had survived so many years without Madison. He had taught a lot of pretty girls but there was only one Madison. She had his mind in turmoil, he knew his decisions were not good, but he didn’t care. He looked at her pretty legs in that short skirt. He saw the flash of red when she put her books away. He was pretty sure he would get a good look at those panties at lunch. He looked back at his grade book and the numbers looked all jumbled. Damn this girl.

Madison actually took notes in first period, she got into the flow of the class when he started. He was a good teacher, even though she knew he was a little distracted by her. He delivered a good lesson despite that. She heard the bell and reached down to get her books. She made sure he got another good look. She shoved her stuff in her backpack and walked to his desk.

“Mr. Thomas, can we eat lunch with you today?” Madison said.

“Absolutely.” He said.

“Do you have lights that need changing?” She said and smiled.

“Not today.” He said.

“That’s ok. Sam is wearing a really pretty dress today.” She said and walked out of his room.

He watched her walk out and looked at the clock, only 3 hours until lunch. He opened his grade book again and took a deep breath.

Madison floated through her next two classes, feeling good and looking forward to lunch. She had plans to make this a day Mr. Thomas would think about for a long time. She saw Sam in the hallway after third period, watching her walk down the hall towards her and realizing again how pretty she was. Her dress looked amazing on her, the color of her tan legs looking fantastic coming out of the bottom of the white dress. Her long blonde hair flowing over the dress finished out the picture of a young cover model. She had a very pretty friend.

“Hey rock star, how was your morning, you didn’t break Thomas, did you?” Sam said as she walked up.

“Why would you say that? I am very sweet.” Madison said.

“Yeah, sweet like poison, that poor man is going to have a heart attack one day and you my little friend will be his downfall.” Sam said and Madison giggled.

She did worry about Mr. Thomas but so far, he had shown no signs of distress. She thought for a second that maybe she should stop but the shiver running through her belly squashed that thought quickly. They walked into Mr. Thomas’s room, and he was looking over an open folder.

“Hi, Mr. Thomas.” Madison said as she walked in. Hank Thomas looked up and saw her walk in, pull up a stool, and hop up on it. He was staring at those precious red panties again in addition to her smooth thighs.

“Hi girls, just trying to work on grades.” He said as he tried to pull his eyes from her between her legs.

“Cool, what is my grade?” Madison said.

“You have an A, Madison.” She said and Madison smiled. She took a big bite of her sandwich.

“How are you, Sam?” Hank said, moving his eyes from one girl’s crotch to the other. Sam’s legs were not spread as wide as Madison’s but enough that he could see her white lace panties. Her legs were remarkable, so tan and long and smooth.

“I am good, Mr. Thomas, glad that it is Friday.” Sam said and took a bite of her sandwich.

“Yes, I am glad it is Friday as well. What do you guys have planned for the weekend?” Hank said.

“We are running in a meet at Jefferson tomorrow. Not sure about Sunday.” Sam said.

“Yes, I have heard about that. Madison, you are doing well lately, right?” Hank said.

“She has won her last 4 races; you should come and watch Mr. Thomas.” Sam said.

“Maybe I will, I don’t live too far away from Jefferson.” Hank said, wondering if he could withstand seeing these girls on a Saturday as well as all week.

“That would be cool, Mr. Thomas.” Madison said with a mouthful of sandwich.

Hank Thomas watched the young girls finish their lunch, he tried to look at their faces, but those legs pulled his eyes constantly down. Madison jumped off the stool and tossed her trash in his can. She wiped the crumbs off her skirt and looked at him. She had a sparkle in her eye, and he was suddenly afraid.

“Mr. Thomas, do you think Sam is pretty?” Madison said, walking behind Sam and pulling her hair off the front of her dress gently. She ran her hands through the long blonde hair and looked at him.

“Yes, very pretty.” He said, unsure of where she was leading him. Sam was also a little nervous of where her friend was going.

“I think so too, I can’t help myself from kissing on her all the time.” Madison said and kissed Sam’s neck. Sam moaned as a small jolt of electricity originated on her neck where Madison’s lips touched.

Hank Thomas was frozen as he looked at the young girl kissing the neck of her friend. This was the things porn movies were made of, not the cheap ones, no, the ones in the room behind the curtain that you had to know the password to even see. He took a deep breath and hoped no one walked into his room.

Madison kissed Sam’s neck and worked her way up to her ear and then over to her cheek. Sam was sitting still as she moved to the side. Madison moved her lips over Sam’s and kissed her softly. She turned and looked at Mr. Thomas and he was visibly sweating. She smiled at him and kissed Sam softly again. She heard Sam whimper a little.

“Mr. Thomas, we should be getting to class, or I could keep going for a couple more minutes. Do you want me to stop?” Madison said and ran her hand over Sam’s neck and cheek.

Hank Thomas’s brain screamed to tell her to stop, his thoughts moved to the serious trouble he could be in if she continued. His mouth opened to put a stop to this immediately and take control of this dangerous situation.

“Please don’t stop.” He said and his mind punched the wall of his brain.

Madison smiled and kissed Sam again, this time sliding her tongue into her friend’s sweet mouth. She touched Sam’s tongue and put her hand on the back of her head. She kissed her friend for a little while and Hank Thomas’s cock was so hard it hurt a little. He pushed on it to try and get relief. Madison pulled back and smiled at him. She stepped to the side and put her hand on Sam’s leg.

“Did you see Sam’s panties today?” Madison said as she ran her hand slowly up Sam’s thigh.

“Yes.” Hank whispered.

“They are pretty, right?” Madison said and slid her hand up more, feeling Sam’s skirt push up.

Hank Thomas was in turmoil. Madison was sliding her hand up Sam’s thigh and her dress was moving up, exposing more of those wonderful legs. He saw Sam’s panties again and they were white lace, they looked so delicate, and they hugged her body nicely. He could see the slight bulge of her mound and he felt his heart skip. Then he stopped breathing when he saw Madison’s small fingers gently touch Sam’s thigh and then slide over her panties. He saw Sam’s legs spread a little and he heard her moan. Madison kissed her again as she ran her fingers over the white lace.

Sam wanted to stop her friend but then she didn’t. The excitement created by the gentle touch of Madison’s fingers was multiplied even more by the fact that her teacher was watching them, and they were in his classroom. Madison warned her a while ago she would do this, and it was exciting to think of it then but now that it was happening it was even better. Sam closed her eyes, let herself go and trusted her friend.

Madison pulled back from Sam’s lips and cupped her pussy with her hand. She felt the heat from Sam on her palm and she knew her friend was excited. She could not wait until tonight so she could do this all night long. She got a shiver in her own body just thinking about that. She looked at Mr. Thomas and he looked like he was in shock. She smiled and moved her hand off Sam’s pussy. She rubbed her inner thigh gently and ran her hand down to her knee. She stepped away and stood in front of Mr. Thomas. He looked up at her and his eyes were wide open.

“Did you like that?” Madison said and he nodded.

“That was way better than a ladder, right?” She said and he nodded again.

“I thought so too, I hope you enjoyed your Friday, but I have one more surprise.” She said and he gulped.

“You tell me if you want me to stop.” She said and he saw her hands move to her halter.

He held his breath as her fingers slowly slid under her halter and then start lifting it. He saw her flat tummy and cute bellybutton and then more of it slowly appeared. He saw a slight bulge as the bottoms of her breasts appeared and she stopped. She looked at him.

“Do you want me to keep going?” She said softly.

“Yes, please.” He whispered.

His breath caught in his throat again as her fingers started moving again, more and more of her breasts coming into view. She paused for a second and then he saw her nipples pop out, they were perfect, small, pink, and centered on a pair of perfect young breasts. His eyes burned as he stared at her chest. She was holding her halter up and smiling at him. He could not take his eyes off her breasts; they were precious and arguably the best ones he had ever seen. He tried to take a deep breath to keep his heart operating. She slowly lowered her shirt and her breasts disappeared.

“Mr. Thomas, did you like that?” Madison said.

“God, yes, they are beautiful.” He said.

“Thank you, I like them too.” She said and squeezed her boobs through her halter.

“Madison, I don’t know what to say, but...” He started to talk, and she put her finger over his lips.

“Shh, please don’t say anything. We are having fun and I know you like watching. Let’s just leave it at that and look forward to Monday.” Madison said softly and he nodded.

“Sam, are you ready to go to 4th period?” Madison said.

“Yes, please.” Sam said and slid off the stool. Madison giggled.

“Mr. Thomas, you have a nice weekend.” Madison said.

“Thank you, Madison, good luck at the meet.” He said.

“Thank you, Mr. Thomas, I hope you can come and watch.” She said.

“I will try.” He said.

Madison picked up her backpack and put it on her shoulder, she and Sam walked out. She looked back before she left, and he still looked to be in shock. She hoped he could make it through the rest of the day. She was pretty sure he would remember this Friday for a long time.

“You are insane.” Sam said as they walked.

“You liked it, I felt you shivering under my fingers.” Madison said.

“I didn’t say that. I said you are insane.” Sam said.

“Maybe, but I was just making it up as I went along. I really can’t keep my hands off you.” Madison said.

“Insane.” Sam said and Madison giggled.

Madison hugged Sam and headed to 4th period. She smiled as the plan came to her for the afternoon, her friend would be surprised. She walked into 4th period and found her seat. She looked up at the clock and tried to make it go faster.

The bell rang for the last period and Madison stuffed her backpack quickly. She walked out and started to her locker. After storing what she did not need she started walking to the dressing room. On her way she stopped and bought a soda at the machine and put it in her backpack. She saw Sam and hugged her.

“I am so glad it is Friday; I need a break from all of this for a couple of days.” Sam said as they walked.

“Me too, I am just looking forward to sleeping in a little the next couple of days.” Madison said.

“What time did coach say we have to meet tomorrow?” Sam said.

“Jefferson is not that far away, he said the bus was leaving at 8:00, so if we dress at home we can sleep in a little bit.” Madison said.

“That works for me. Maybe I will just sleep in my uniform to save even more time.” Sam said.

“Nope.” Madison said.

“What do you mean nope?” Sam said.

“You are not sleeping in your uniform; you are sleeping naked my dear.” Madison said and Sam groaned.

“Insane.” Sam said as they walked into the dressing room.

They dressed and walked out to the practice field. Coach was talking to the sprinters, and they started to stretch. Madison sat on the ground and spread her legs, bending over and feeling the nice stretch in her hamstrings.

Coach Wilson walked over to Madison, and she sat up out of her stretch and looked at him, her legs spread obscenely wide. He could not help staring at the small shorts and how they barely covered her. He was pretty sure she shaved or he would see something. He shook his head and looked at her face, she was smiling.

“Hey coach.” Madison said.

“Hey girls, how are you feeling?” Coach said, glancing quickly down to look between her legs again.

“I feel great. What are we going to do tomorrow?” Madison said.

“Sam, do you feel like you could give me 6 strong laps?” Coach said.

“I don’t know Coach, I feel better, but I am not sure I am back up to full strength.” Sam said.

“Ok, we will see how you feel tomorrow. If you feel good, we will try the rabbit. If not, Madison you will just have to follow her and then outkick her at the end.” Coach said.

“Sounds good Coach, I am ready either way.” Madison said.

“Good, Madison, we will have to start talking about State soon, it will be a little different than the regular meet.” He said.

“Okay, let me know.” Madison said and stood up. He saw her young boobs bounce slightly as she started hopping to loosen her legs. He was going to have to get control of himself, he was not sure what was going on, he had never looked at her like that before, was she changing?

He watched her and Sam run off down the track, his eyes glued to the two young asses as they moved away. He shook his head to clear his thoughts and went off to work with the shotput guys.

“Sam, did you see how coach was looking at us?” Madison said.

“Looking at you, with your legs spread across creation.” Sam said.

“Hey, I was stretching.” Madison said.

“Yeah, and without panties.” Sam said.

“Well, I only have one pair and I didn’t want them to get sweaty.” Madison said.

“Of course, I understand. Completely insane.” Sam said and ran ahead. Madison giggled and sped up to follow her friend.

The girls walked slowly to the dressing room, the last ones off the track. Madison was so strong now, Sam sat and watched her run the last 5 laps. It was nice to see her running so well, she was proud of her friend. They were both drenched in sweat, the shower was going to feel great. They walked into the dressing room and started peeling off their wet clothes.

“Sam, you did good today. You are almost back to where you were.” Madison said and tossed her shirt in her locker.

“Yeah, I am starting to feel a little closer to normal.” Sam said and slipped her shorts off.

“Your ass is amazing.” Madison said, looking at her friend as she put her panties in her locker.

“Thank you, I guess.” Sam said and Madison moved closer.

“You know, I plan on kissing it all night long, as well as the rest of you.” Madison whispered in her ear.

Sam moaned softly and then Madison grabbed her hand and they walked into the shower. All the other girls were already getting dressed. There was no one else in the showers. They hung their towels over the wall and walked in. They each turned on a shower and Madison pulled Sam to her and hugged her as they stood under the warm water. She felt her breasts pushing against Sam’s and she ran her hands down to that amazing ass. She kissed Sam gently and then slipped her tongue into her mouth. They kissed for about 10 seconds and Sam pulled back.

“Madison, anyone could walk in.” Sam said.

“No, Joshua won’t come in until we tell him.” Madison said and kissed her neck.

“Oh God, that feels good. Not Joshua, any of the other girls.” Sam said.

“It is Friday, they are trying to get out of here as quickly as possible. They are not going to come into the showers to see what two freshmen may be doing.” Madison said, kissing her neck.

Sam groaned and held Madison as her friend kissed and sucked on her neck. She wanted to just let it happen, but she felt a little weird making out in the school shower. She still watched the entrance, worrying that someone could just walk around the corner.

“Madison, we will have plenty of time tonight. Let’s get out of here, don’t you have to go to the office this afternoon?” Sam said and Madison stopped kissing her.

“Yeah, you are right, Aaron is probably already waiting.” Madison said and grabbed the soap.

Sam was still washing her hair as Madison turned off the water.

“I will meet you at the lockers, I am turning into a prune.” Madison said and Sam nodded.

Madison grabbed her towel and wrapped it around her wet body. She walked to her locker and pulled the soda can out of her backpack. She walked a couple of lockers away and poured it on the floor, leaving the can in the middle of the puddle of soda. She walked to the doors and opened them slightly. She saw Joshua standing there with his mop and bucket. He looked at her.

“Joshua, someone spilled some soda on the floor right next to our lockers, can you come and clean it, so we don’t step in it while we dress?” Madison said.

“Yes, Miss Madison.” He said and started pushing his bucket through the door.

“Thank you, Joshua, I will show you where it is.” Madison said and walked in front of him.

Joshua followed the pretty young girl wrapped in a towel. He loved the way her legs and bare feet looked as they came out of the bottom. He also noticed her butt pushing against the towel, making a bulge. He liked her long hair; it was all wet and hanging over her bare shoulders. He felt his cock starting to respond. She was very pretty, and he liked looking at her. They walked around the corner and he saw another pretty girl walking out of the shower in her towel. She stopped and looked at them.

“Sam, someone spilled soda right next to our lockers, Joshua is going to clean it up before we step in it.” Madison said and walked up to Sam, grabbing her hand.

Madison led Sam to the bench next to their lockers and Sam sat down.

“Joshua, see, it is right there. I can’t believe someone would do that. I am so sorry.” Madison said.

“It’s ok, Miss Madison, it will be easy to clean up.” He said and picked up the can and put it in the trash can at the end of the lockers.

“Madison, what are you doing?” Sam whispered as Joshua walked away.

“Just having a little fun and giving Joshua something, he will remember for a long time. Just follow my lead, I promise it will be fun and we will talk about it tonight.” Madison said and Joshua walked back. He pulled out his mop and started to soak up the soda.

“Joshua, do you mind if we get dressed while you work. We need to get going.” Madison said and pulled Sam to her feet.

“No, that is ok, Miss Madison. I won’t be long.” He said.

“No worries, Joshua, you keep working.” She said and moved behind Sam, leaning close to her ear.

“Relax and go with it.” Madison said and Sam took a deep breath.

Madison loosened Sam’s towel and pulled it off slowly. She saw Joshua look up and his eyes got wide. She smiled and laid Sam’s towel on the bench.

Joshua looked at the young girl, she was completely naked. Her face was very pretty, and her body was as well. Her boobs were small but very nice on her little body, he liked her pink nipples. Her belly was smooth and tight, her belly button was cute. His eyes moved down and saw her pussy, it was smooth and looked beautiful between her thighs. Her legs were nice and smooth also, he had never seen a prettier girl ever and this one was only a few feet away and she was naked. His cock was very hard, and he pushed it to try and move it to a more comfortable position.

Madison smiled as she reached for Sam’s panties. She knelt and picked up one of Sam’s feet and slipped it into the panties. She slipped the other foot in and then started sliding the panties up her legs. She saw Joshua just staring at Sam as she pulled up her panties. She reached around and rubbed Sam’s pussy softly before she covered it with the panties. She heard Sam moan and Joshua just stared.

Madison pulled out Sam’s socks and had Sam sit on the bench. She moved around in front and put her socks on her cute feet very slowly. She could feel Joshua’s eyes behind her, and she loosened her own towel as she slipped on Sam’s other sock. She put her shoes on and tied them carefully. She looked up and saw Sam’s boobs jiggle slightly as she finished tying her shoe. Sam’s eyes looked glassy, and she was sitting quietly. Madison stood slowly and felt her towel slide off, she heard Joshua gasp behind her.

Joshua watched Madison put on her friend’s panties. He saw her kneel and put on her shoes and socks. He watched her boobs bounce on her chest as Madison put on her shoes. Madison stood and he almost fell over as her towel fell off and he was looking at a perfect young ass. It was firm and looked like it popped out over her legs. He wanted to touch it so bad, but he could just stare.

Madison smiled at Sam as she stood in front of her naked. Sam was looking at her and Madison could tell that she was very excited. They would talk about this tonight for sure. She turned and faced Joshua. His eyes got big again.

“Joshua, thank you so much for cleaning that up for us.” Madison said as he stared at her body.

“That is ok, Miss Madison. I will try to finish soon.” Joshua said and he saw Madison walking towards him, her boobs jiggling slightly as she walked.

“Joshua, you don’t have to hurry. Take your time.” Madison said and touched his pants. She felt his hard cock under her fingers.

“Miss Madison.” Joshua stammered.

“Joshua, you have been very sweet to us, and we need to thank you. You just look at Sam and relax.” She said and pulled his zipper down slowly. She heard him gasp and she reached her small hand in and grabbed his cock.

Madison knelt and pulled his cock out of his pants. It was very hard but not as big as Aaron’s. It was also very black and looked even darker in her delicate white hands. She ran her hands down the shaft and then kissed the head. She heard him moan as she sucked gently on the head. She knew he would not last long. She ran her hand up and down the shaft and then slid her mouth down and sucked his cock deep into her mouth.

Joshua watched the young blonde girl’s boobs as Madison told him to, but he felt her warm mouth and he looked down to see his black cock sliding into her face. It was too much, and he grabbed her head with his left hand and held her as he blasted a load into her mouth. He saw her swallow and then he felt another load fly out of his cock. She did not flinch and kept sucking on him. He felt one more small spasm and more came out of his cock and into her warm mouth. He watched her continue to suck on him and then she pulled off slowly. She smiled at him and tucked his soft cock back in his pants and zipped him up.

Madison stood up and looked at Joshua. He looked stunned. She touched his arm, and his face loosened a little. She turned and Sam looked just as stunned. She grabbed Sam’s dress and slipped it over her head. She pulled Sam up and the dress fell onto her. Madison straightened it out and smiled at her friend. She grabbed her own panties and slipped them on. She pulled on her skirt and then her halter. She sat on the bench and put on her shoes and socks. Joshua was standing, holding his mop and looking at her. Sam was standing next to the bench, not moving. Madison picked up her backpack and handed Sam hers. She walked up to Joshua and touched his arm.

“You have a great weekend Joshua and thank you again for cleaning that up for us.” Madison said.

“Thank you, Miss Madison, you have a great weekend as well.” Joshua said.

Madison took Sam’s hand and led her out of the dressing room. They got outside and Sam stopped.

“What was that?” Sam said.

“Practice.” Madison said.

“What?” Sam said.

“He looked like he was very uncomfortable after seeing your beautiful body. I just wanted to help him like we helped Aaron and Mr. Thompson. I think he liked it.” Madison said.

“You are unbelievable, you are going to drive me insane as well.” Sam said.

“Cool, then we can be in the same room at the hospital.” Madison said and giggled. Sam laughed as well, and they started walking towards the big black car.

“Hi girls, how was your Friday?” Aaron said and opened the door.

“Very good, we had lots of adventures.” Madison said and Sam chuckled. They crawled into the back seat.

“Why do I feel there is more to that story?” Aaron said as she watched them scramble into the back seat. He loved watching that, today’s panty menu included white lace from Sam and red silk from Madison. He was getting way too comfortable looking at 14-yr-old girls. These were not your average young girls he kept telling himself as he walked around the car.

Aaron looked in the rear-view mirror and Madison was kissing Sam. Damn that girl, how did she drive him so crazy? He had fucked Alex a lot over the last two days, but he was still excited beyond belief watching them kiss. Madison broke the kiss, he took a deep breath and started driving.

“Sam, we will drop you off and then pick you up on the way home from the office. It may be me and my daddy, I think he may be at the office today. We will take you to the meet tomorrow.” Madison said and held her hand.

“That sounds good, my mom is cool with it all. She has to work tomorrow again so this is actually easier for her.” Sam said, her voice a little sad.

“Your mom will get to come to a meet soon.” Madison said and Sam nodded.

Madison was sad suddenly, she felt bad for her friend. She felt like her daddy was more involved in her life than Sam’s parents were, and she had two of them. Madison smiled as she thought of her daddy, she was thankful she had him. She squeezed Sam’s hand and put her head on her shoulder. She heard Sam take a deep breath.

They pulled up to Sam’s house and they both saw the car in the driveway. Sam squeezed Madison’s hand and looked at her. She smiled. She opened the door and looked at Madison.

“See you in a few hours, Rockstar.” She said.

“Are you sure you are alright? Do you want me to come in with you, we can get your stuff and you can stay at my house with Mr. Jones until I get back?” Madison said and Sam put her hand on Madison’s cheek.

“I will be fine. Have a nice work at the office and I will see you in a couple of hours.” Sam said and stepped out of the car.

Aaron and Madison watched her walk to her porch, her pretty legs under the soft white dress. She stopped in front of her door and looked back at them. They saw her smile and then her smile faded, she took a deep breath and turned to go into the house. Madison crawled into the front seat and slid next to Aaron. He put his hand on her leg and squeezed.

“She will be ok; she is a strong girl.” Aaron said.

“I hope so, I am just so worried, I don’t know what is happening, she won’t tell me. I plan on getting it out of her tonight.” Madison said and looked at the door to Sam’s house.

“That sounds like a good plan.” Aaron said and put the car in gear.

He started to pull away. Madison looked at the door to the house again and got a funny feeling. She put her hand on his arm.

“Aaron, wait.” She said and Aaron hit the brake. They sat for a few seconds and then they heard a huge crash, like broken glass.

Madison slid over and put her hand on the handle of the door. She heard screaming and another crash. She looked at Aaron and he looked worried. She looked back at the house and then she heard Sam’s voice.

“Daddy, no!” She heard Sam yell.

“Stupid little bitch.” She heard a man’s voice.

The door crashed open, and she saw Sam, her dress was torn and hanging off one of her shoulders. One of her boobs was out and bouncing as she ran out of the door. She was screaming and someone was holding her right arm. She was scrambling to get away. Suddenly everything looked like it was in slow motion. Madison ripped open the car door and scrambled out.

Madison started running across the yard and looked up to see it was Sam’s father and he was holding her right arm and pulling her back. Sam was trying to get away and then he swung his fist and hit her in the face. She saw her friend’s head move to the right and then she stopped struggling. Madison heard her mother. She stepped onto the porch and was grabbing and trying to hit her father. He turned and punched her in the face, and she fell onto the porch. He turned and Sam had recovered and was still trying to get away. He pulled his hand back and punched her in the face again. Madison saw her friend’s body slump; he was holding her up by her arm and then he pushed her off the porch. Madison saw her hit the brick column and she heard a horrible crack as her head hit the column. She reached the bottom of the stairs as Sam started to fall.

She started falling down the stairs and Madison tried to catch her. She was able to slow her fall a little and then pull her over to the grass, off the concrete, her legs on the sidewalk. Sam was on her back, she knelt and put her hand on her head. Then she heard his voice and saw Sam’s father coming at her.

“Rich little lesbian cunt with your big car.” He said.

“Don’t touch her, leave her alone.” Madison said and started to get up to stand in front of him. She pulled one leg up and then she saw his fist coming at her face.

Madison was frozen as his hand moved towards her in slow motion. His fist hit her cheek and eye and she felt her body fall across her friend. She tried to cover Sam and prepared to get hit again. She heard a gurgling noise and she looked up to see Aaron’s big arm around Sam’s daddy’s neck as he was hitting Aaron trying to get free. She turned back and looked down at her friend.

Sam’s left eye was swelling and there was blood coming out of her nose and mouth. She saw her lip was swollen as well. Madison put her hands on Sam’s head and pushed the hair out of her face. She noticed her right ear had something on it as she pushed her hair back and when she pulled her hand back it was covered in blood. Her hands started to shake and then she heard Aaron’s voice.

“Madison, call 911.” He screamed and his phone landed next to her. She looked up and Aaron had Sam’s father around the neck with one of his arms also trapped. She heard Sam’s dad struggling to get away and still trying to talk.

“Madison, call.” Aaron said calmly.

She reached down for the phone and dialed. She put the phone next to her ear, her hand was still shaking.

“911, what is your emergency?” A lady’s voice and Madison lost her composure.

“My friend is hurt, and she is bleeding.” She heard her own voice, and she was crying.

“Madison.” Aaron said and she looked up at him. He still had Sam’s father around the neck, and now he had his other arm held behind his back. Sam’s father was not struggling anymore.

“Put the phone on speaker.” He said and Madison put the phone down and pressed the speaker button. She noticed a bloody print on Aaron’s phone from her own finger. She wrapped her arms around herself and started to shake more. She looked back at Sam.

“What is your address?” the lady asked.

“Honey, are you there, where are you?” The lady said.

“911, address is 1453 Remington Street, send a unit and ambulance. Domestic, two victims down, both female, one head injury. Suspect under control, no weapons.” Aaron said.

“Thank you, units are dispatched. Are you badge?” The lady said.

“No ma’am, just a citizen.” Aaron said.

“Ok, I am handing you over.” The lady said and another female voice came over the phone.

“Sir, are you with the victims?” The new lady said.

“No ma’am, restraining the suspect.” Aaron said.

“Is there anyone with the victims?” she asked.

“I am.” Madison said in a soft voice.

“Honey, were you the one that called?” She asked.

“Yes, ma’am.” Madison said, her voice shaky.

“What is your name?” she asked gently.

“Madison.” She said.

“Hello Madison, do you think you can help me?” She asked and Madison felt something snap.

“I don’t know what to do, she is bleeding, there is blood everywhere. She is really hurt.” She said through the tears, her hands shaking.

“Madison!” She heard Aaron’s voice and she looked up at him.

“Take a deep breath and listen to me. The only way you can help Sam is to talk to the lady on the phone. Can you be strong for Sam and talk to her?” He said calmly and she nodded and tried to take a deep breath.

“Madison, are you there?” the lady asked.

“Yes ma’am.” She said.

“Honey, my name is Lily, and we are going to help your friend, ok?” She said.

“Ok.” She said.

“Now can you tell if she is breathing?” She asked.

Madison looked at her chest and saw it moving slowly up and down. She realized she was topless, her dress was torn, and it was pushed down almost to her waist. She tried to grab it and pull it up, but she couldn’t get it to move.

“Madison?” the lady said.

“Yes, ma’am, she is breathing.” She said.

“Ok, good, can you tell where she is bleeding?” She asked.

“She is bleeding from her mouth and her nose. There is also blood on her ear.” She said.

“Can you tell me what happened?’ She asked.

“He hit her in the face and then she hit her head on the brick column and fell down the stairs.” She said and started to cry again.

“Ok, honey, listed to me, can you reach over and feel around her ear, can you feel anything?” she said.

Madison reached over and touched her ear and then her hair behind her ear. She felt around and it just felt warm and wet. She pulled her hand out and blood was dripping from her hand.

“There is a lot of blood, it’s all in her hair.” She said, crying.

“Ok, honey, help is on the way. What is your friend’s name?” She said.

“Sam.” She answered and felt herself stop crying.

“Ok, I need you to try and wake Sam up. Can you do that?” She asked.

“Ok.” She said.

She touched Sam’s chest and tried to shake her. She leaned over and whispered for her to please wake up. She kissed her forehead and rubbed her head; she saw her eyes flutter open.

“Hey rock star.” Sam said softly and Madison felt her throat tighten up.

“She is awake.” Madison said.

“Good, can you tell me if she has feeling in her arms and legs.” The lady asked.

Madison touched Sam’s hand and thigh.

“Sam, can you feel this?” She asked her and Sam nodded.

“Yes, she does.” Madison said.

“Ok, now can you slide your legs under her head and rest it on your lap?” The lady asked.

Madison moved over to Sam’s head and lifted it up and put it on her lap, she scooted closer and held her head on her lap. She pushed more hair off her face and Sam looked up at her and smiled.

“Ok, done.” Madison said.

“Ok, sweetie, now put your finger on her throat in the middle and then slide to the side until you can push it in a little. You should feel her heartbeat under your fingers.” The lady said.

Madison slid her fingers onto Sam’s neck and felt her heartbeat.

“Ok, I feel it.” Madison said.

“Good, now you are going to say go and then start counting the beats until I say stop and then you will tell me the number. Are you ready?” The lady said.

“Yes ma’am.” Madison said.

“Ok, say go when you are ready and start counting.” The lady said.

Madison took a deep breath.

“Go.” Madison said and started counting. She closed her eyes to concentrate.

“Stop, tell me the number.” The lady said.

“19.” She said.

“Ok, that is good, your friend is doing good. Now, I want you to keep her awake until the help gets there, can you do that for me?” The lady asked.

“Yes, ma’am.” Madison said and looked down at Sam, her eyes were closed.

“Sam.” She said and shook her gently, she opened her eyes.

“You about done talking to your girlfriend?” Sam said softly.

“Yes, we were talking about you.” Madison said.

“Yeah, what about?” Sam said.

“Well, first we talked about your cute boobies since they are out in the open.” Madison said and Sam looked at her exposed chest.

“Oh yeah, damn, I hope the firemen are cute.” Sam said.

“Then we talked about your pretty toes.” Madison said.

“Yeah, now I know you are bullshitting me.” Sam said.

“No, really, they are very pretty, Gerard really liked them.” Madison said and looked at her bare feet.

“Yeah, he did, didn’t he? He was fun.” Sam said and closed her eyes. Madison’s breath caught in her throat.

“Sam, do not go to sleep on me.” Madison said and Sam opened her eyes.

“My head hurts.” Sam said and Madison started crying and touching Sam’s cheek.

Aaron smelled the whiskey on Sam’s dad. He was watching the two girls and his heart was breaking. He squeezed his neck harder and heard him gurgle. He moved his mouth close to his ear and whispered.

“If that little girl does not recover, I will find you and destroy you, and I will do it slowly and painfully.” Aaron said into the man’s ear, and he heard another gurgle as he squeezed harder.

“I know it hurts Sam, but you are going to be ok, help is coming, please stay awake for me?” Madison said, her tears falling on her friend’s pretty face.

“Ok, rock star, settle down. Tell me about other parts of me that are cute.” Sam said and smiled. Well, she tried to smile but her lip was turning purple and starting to swell. Her left eye was now swollen shut and looked like a bubble. Her pretty face was a mess. Madison started crying again.

“Well, there is your beautiful hair. What can we say about that?” Madison said, as she cried over her friend.

“Yeah, that’s true, I will give you that one.” She said and Madison laughed through her tears.

“Then there are your pretty legs.” Madison said.

“Not as nice as yours.” Sam said.

“I think it is a tie. There is your butt, where do I start on that?” Madison said.

“Not as nice as yours.” Sam said.

“I disagree there, my friend, I have it on good authority that yours is ranked higher than mine on the official school list.” Madison said and she heard the sirens.

“List? There’s a list?” Sam said and she nodded.

“Turns out you are ranked #7 on the butt list.” Madison said.

“There is a butt list?” Sam said.

“Yes, it is official and everything.” Madison said and saw the ambulance workers running across the yard.

“Where are you ranked?” Sam asked.

“#8, right behind you.” Madison said and Sam laughed softly.

“Sam, the men are here to help you now. You can relax.” Madison said and she saw her friend close her eyes.

She looked up at the men and they were busy working with tubes and stuff. She saw the policemen wrestle Sam’s dad to the ground and then she felt Aaron’s hands on her shoulders. She leaned into them.

The men were talking to Aaron, but it was like white noise. She held Sam’s head and they attached a lot of things to her. She felt one of the men touching her arm and she looked up. He was saying something. She felt Aaron pull her back and the man held Sam’s head gently. She looked down and her skirt and legs were covered in blood. She watched the men put Sam on a stretcher and Aaron stood her up. She felt his breath on her ear.

“Madison, you ride with Sam, I will follow.” He said and lifted her into the ambulance.

The men sat Madison next to Sam and she held her hand. Sam looked over at her and smiled. During the ride one of the men asked Madison lots of questions and looked all over her to see if she was hurt. Her legs and hands were bloody, but none of it was hers. They got to the hospital, and they wheeled Sam out of the ambulance and took her away.

Madison was standing in the parking lot behind the ambulance, her arms wrapped around her body. She watched then wheel her friend into the hospital. It looked like they were hurrying, she hoped that was normal for hospitals. Her body felt cold and numb, but she was also shaking. She looked at her hands and they were red with Sam’s blood. She felt something on her shoulders and looked to see large black hands holding her. She looked up at Aaron.

“Are you ok, sweetheart?” Aaron said and Madison shook her head.

“No, I don’t think so.” Madison said and Aaron felt her go limp in his arms.

Aaron panicked and picked up the young girl, her arms were limp and hanging down, he did not like this at all. He walked briskly through the doors and two nurses saw him. Their faces turned white, and they ran up to him.

“Please help her.” Aaron said, his voice cracking.

One of the nurses felt for Madison’s pulse as the other one yelled instructions. A man ran up with a stretcher and Aaron laid her down gently. Her small body looked strange on the big stretcher, covered in blood and laying on top of the very white sheet. They wheeled her off and he stumbled over to a chair and sat down. He tried to slow his breathing, but he was struggling to keep control, his heart was broken, and he was very angry. His emotions were flying everywhere, and he felt helpless. He pulled out his phone and dialed.

“Hey Tiger, you are late.” Alex said and she heard Aaron start to cry.

“Aaron, what’s wrong?” Alex said, her heartrate racing now, very afraid of what would make Aaron cry.

“She’s hurt, they both are.” Aaron said through his sadness.

“Who’s hurt, baby?” Alex said.

“Madison and Sam.” Aaron said and started to sob again. Alex put her hand to her mouth.

“Honey, what happened?” Alex said and immediately regretting asking such a stupid question.

“Never mind, where are you?” Alex said.

“Hospital, emergency room.” Aaron said.

“Stay right where you are, I will be there.” Alex said.

“Ok.” Aaron said and dropped his phone. He put his head in his hands and tried to breathe.

Alex grabbed her purse and burst into Mr. Thompson’s office. There was an old man sitting in front of the desk and Brad was in his chair. They both looked up and Brad looked angry. She walked closer.

“Madison and Sam were hurt; they are in the emergency room. Aaron is there and I am going. I will call you from there.” Alex said and she saw Brad’s face change instantly.

“Thank you, Alex.” Brad said and she left.