I was born in the late 70's in karachi pakistan . Since my teen years
after my sexuality awakened, I have always had a desire to fuck my
mother zeenath. I once came upon some pictures that were made by my
Daddy ( I am assuming it was him . In the stages of undress and
striking Hustler magazine type poses. When I came upon these
pictures, I saw Mummy in a totally new light. Not just as a mother or
a nurturer, but as an object of my hottest sexual desires. In any
event, coming from a fairly conservative family, this was just a
fantasy of mine. I knew or thought that fucking any other pakistani
girl or woman let alone my mother would be impossible. So I
fantasized about her with her bras, panties, I love to smell her
dirty,stiky panties,her shirt underarm place, because she have hiir
armpit and nice black hairy cunt. I masturbated about the hundreds of
time to think about her. About her big boobs and roung big soft ass I
would like to not only fuck her but gently make love to her too. She
was (and still is) a beautiful woman who had a 'mature' look about
her. A little on the hefty side with size 42d breasts (valuable
information from her brassiere tag) with almost brown colored nipples
and a wide child bearer's butt. I saw her in the nude a couple of
times when she had just come out of her bath and was in the process
of getting ready which gave me a mental picture of what she must look
like in the nude for my fantasizing. She preferred sarees over
shalwar kameezes for her dress. My life changed after I left home at
19 and came to NJ for studies. I was in my freshman year in NJIT and
she decided to come and see me and visit other relatives in the US. I
was living in an off campus apartment which did not have central air
in it. There was only one window AC and that was in the living room.
She came in the summer and there was an extremely long heat wave
going on at the time. Since she was visiting, I was letting her sleep
in the bedroom and I was using the hide a bed in the living room.
However, without any AC in the bedroom and it being hotter than hell,
we agreed that she and I would share the hide a bed in the living
room.

At the time I still did not have any idea that what lay in store for
me otherwise I would have been so excited that I would not have been
able to go to sleep. She was 39 at the time and the ultimate image of
a 'Mummy'. When we got ready for bed, I was wearing my usual shalwar
and T-shirt. She was just wearing a blouse and her petticoat. I had
seen her dressed like that many times before and had not paid much
attention to it. Tonight as she walked in front of a lamp, I could
see the silhouette of her panties under the white cotton of her
petticoat( undergarment) Something clicked inside my head at the time
and it was a definite turn on for me. In any event the main light was
turned off the night light turned on and we got into the bed. As the
night progressed, the room got colder and colder. We snuggled up for
warmth with each other and I woke up to find myself 'spooned' with
her. She was laying on her right side with her back to me and I was
also on my right with my chest right against her back. I also had
a 'piss proud' hard on at the time. This was one of the most
pleasurable feelings that I had ever had. I pretended to still be
asleep and gently thrust my cock (still in my pants) in the general
direction of her pussy. I was surprised to feel an obstruction.
Goddammit.... Just my luck she was on her period!!! . I could feel
her pad inside her panty. By this time I was so horny that I did not
give shit. I wanted relief and I wanted it now. This was not my
mother sleeping next to me but a desirable sexual being. I gently
started thrusting against her in a 'dry fuck' mode. To my shock and
surprise, she started thrusting back. I then knew this was for real.
I boldly took my left had and placed it on her left breast. She
grabbed my hand lightly and wanted to take it off her breast. But I
left it there and gently squeezed her breast. She started moaning and
started saying 'No no what are you doing STOP please STOP i am your
mother. That instant I knew I was getting to turn my fantasy into
reality. I said Mummy please i an sorry but i can't help it and i
can't controle my self. But my Mummy said no T.S we can't do that,
this is not right This is INCEST and very bad thing Its a SIN. I
responded back by saying 'Mummy, I know this is wrong but i don't
care i love you so much and i want this to happened for long time.I
love you body, i love to smell your dirty panties, love to sniff you
underarm, i know i am your son "I came out of you 19 years ago and i
wnat to go back where i belong.She said how come you became so nasty
boy and think about you Mummy like this. I said Mummy tell me you
don't love me? tell me you don't like me? And tell me you don't
masturbated. Then she said please stop this i can't controle my self
and my feelings. I said to Mummy please don't controle let it
happened my sexy,beautiful Mummy. Then she said i am having (period)
now a daysi'. I returned back by saying 'so what Mummy its is better
that i don't have to be careful. She said you are one nasty,bad boy.
I responded back by taking her left hand and placing it on my raging
cock. She sighed and squeezed it gently. I boldly started massaging
her breasts. She said Oh may god you became a real BIG BOY. I let my
hand do the talking and kept massaging her breast. I knew that this
could not stop here, so I turned her over to face me and undid the
three hooks of her blouse. Her breasts popped out in all their
majesty. She was mine ....mine ... mine.... I put my head down and
started suckling on her left breast. She sighed again and squeezed my
rock hard cock a little bit more. I finally got the hint and undid my
pants and she reached inside and started to squeeze it gently. Then
she shocked me by saying 'ARE you going to suck my other breast or
just going to suck this one.She start moning Oh AHHH oh yes oh yes
suck it my son suck my tits, you bad boy,suck mummy big boobs like
when you were a baby. Being the good obedient son that I was I
started suckling on her other breast too. My hand moved down to her
crotch and started massaging her cunt. It was great to 'feel her up'
with her pad and panty I was getting wet and more wet. She said OK
let me go to the bath room to wash my pussy for you. I said no please
don't go i ilke it wet and stinkey. She stared thrusting back to my
hand's efforts. It was now time to move forward, ' With that, I put
my hand inside her panty and fingered her pad out of the way. She
said i feel very dirty and very wet, can you turn me onto my back. I
got up and slipped out of my underware and pulled off her petticoat.
She started removing her panty and I stopped her. I told her stop
Mummy i will take it off for my sexy mummy and I gently slipped off
her panty. I took a quick peek inside the panty, in the dim light of
the night light. I could see the fresh stain of her menses. Instead
of turning me off, it turned me on even more that I was going to fuck
her at her most feminine time. Also not having any protection, she
would not get pregnant either. I got between her legs and aimed my
hadr cock at her wet hairy pussy. I picked up her ankles and put them
on my shoulders for maximum access. She was so moist that I slid into
her like a hot knife through butter. This was my first experience
with sex and I was in heaven for teacher that I had. I just laid
there for a few seconds soaking up the pleasure of being where I had
emerged into this planet from. Then she gave me a gentle thrust and
said. OH yea my baby my son fuck you mummy good oh oh yes oh yes dep
fuck me deep. That got me started and I started pounding into her.
She countered back thrust for thrust and we fucked like a pair of
jungle animals in heat. Being 19 and the time and hot as a pistol, I
was fast approaching orgasm and having seen enough X-rated movies, I
knew she was ready too. She started screaming at me fuc me more more
my son fuck your mummy pussy more, please cum inside you mummy , i
want to feel your cum and started scratching my back with her
fingernails. What a delightful pain. We both came together and I put
my arms around her and squashed her massive breasts under my chest
and poured my nectar into her. We were not mother and son but a pair
of human beings who had just mutually satisfied each other. After a
few minutes when we came up for air the gravity of what we had done
struck us both. Things had changed forever between the two of us and
we knew it. I stepped back off the bed and she reached over to pick
up her panty. I said Oh mummy you are the best, but where are you
going, she said i have to take a shower, i said please stop stop let
do one more thing, she waht now i said please mummy i want your sweet
big roung ass. She just jumped from the bed and said Oh no not now. I
said Oh my dear sweet sexy mummy please don't say no after all we
did , i hope you liked it. She said yes i did my son but wait till my
period is over. Then you can have mummy any way you want .But please
keep it cool and secrate.

Tell me if you liked this fantasy and you want to read more about my
escapades with Mummy.... If you like send me your fantasies , i can
do that to my mummy . She visit me very year for 2 months.


