Bare In The Bleachers
by Nikolai 

Hannah was a senior in High School. She had long brown hair with a cute face. Long slender legs with a beautiful ass and a nice set of B cup breasts. She didn't dress slutty but that didn't stop her from turning heads. Not like she was doing anything to draw attention to herself, but that didn't stop it from coming back to bite her in the ass eventually. It was only a matter of time.

One day Hannah had went to see the school football game with some friends. Hannah wasn't wearing anything special, just some button up shorts and a black tshirt. That didn't stop her from catching looks from the quarterback Jake, which made Hannah and her friends giggle amongst themselves. Little did Hannah know, that the head cheerleader Jessica saw the whole thing and was a bit of the jealous type. Jake approached Hannah from the sideline at the edge of the bleachers. Jake was flirting with Hannah and gave her his phone number. Unfortunately for Hannah, Jessica saw the whole thing and was furious. Jessica got with the other cheerleaders and thought of how they could make Hannah pay.

After the game Hannah's friends along with most of the spectators all got up to leave. Hannah decided to hang back and try to talk with Jake some more. Hannah was waiting at the edge of the bleachers by the sideline. (The bleachers are elevated about 3ft above the ground by the sideline. There is a waist high chainlink fence with a guard rail that separates the spectators from the field.)

Jessica approached from below and asked, "What are you waiting for? Trying to flirt with my boyfriend some more?" Hannah was caught off guard and asked, "What are you talking about?" Jessica was pissed, "Like you don't know? Jake is my boyfriend, but that didn't stop you from acting like a slut and trying to steal him!" Some of the other cheerleaders joined Jessica at the base of the bleachers. Hannah, startled by the unexpected commotion, responded, "I'm sorry I didn't know. I promise I will back off. I never wanted any trouble." Jessica replied, "It's too late for that! I've seen the way guys look at you at school. You're just a whore that likes to show off, huh? Well I guess we are just going to have to teach you a lesson!" We?

Hannah was about to turn around when her arms were grabbed from the sides. There were more cheerleaders behind her! She never saw them coming! Hannah started trying to pull away and get her hands free of their grasp. Hannah lunged forward hard and broke free, only to be pushed up against the waist high chain link fence. Hannah braced herself on the top rail, only to have her wrists grabbed by the cheerleaders below. "Let me go!" Hannah cried out! The cheerleaders below pulled on her wrists hard and she was almost yanked over the railing. She would have been pulled over the top and fell but the button on her jean shorts caught the top of the short fence. Hannah was stuck bent over the railing with her wrists outstretched in front of her. Hannah knew this wasn't good! "Somebody help me!" Hannah yelled, but nobody was left in the stands. She was alone. Jessica laughed, "Nobody is here to save you! You can scream all you want like the slut you are! Now how about that lesson? If you like to show off so much slut, how about we help you out?"

Hannah was stuck bent over the railing at the waist when she felt her shirt rising up her back. Her eyes went wide when she realized it was being done by a set of hands. They were taking her shirt off! One of the cheerleaders lifted it up her back past her bra, up to her armpits. That's when Jessica took over from below. With Hannah's arms held all she could do was wiggle around as the shirt made it's way over her head and down her arms. The girls below only letting go of her arms one at a time just to get her shirt free, then 
re-securing her wrists. Hannah couldn't believe it! In a matter of seconds, her red lacy bra was exposed for all to see! Jessica laughed out loud and followed up with, "Nice bra! Seems fitting for a slut like you! I bet the panties match, should we find out?" Hannah struggled with all her might but couldn't break free from all the cheerleaders around her. It didn't help being stuck in such a compromising position bent over the railing. Hannah looked over her shoulder only to realize that one of the girls was recording the whole thing on her cell phone! This shock was soon accompanied by the feeling of her shorts being unbuttoned. Hanah couldn’t believe it as she realized one of the girls was crouched down below her, unfastening her shorts. The girl then worked the zipper all the way down loosening her shorts and exposing the top of her red panties. "Looks like they do match! Get those shorts off girls! Lets see the rest of her panties!" Jessica exclaimed from below. Without delay, the girl who had been crouched down stood up behind Hannah, grabbed the waistband of her shorts from both sides and began pulling. The girl worked Hannah's shorts past her hips, down her legs, past her knees resting around her ankles, exposing her round thong clad ass. The girls then lifted Hannah's feet one by one, removing her shorts after untangling them from her shoes. Hannah shivered as she felt the cool breeze on her now near naked body. She couldn't believe how she could become so exposed in such a short amount of time. She looked over her shoulder and saw the other girls laughing, and the one recording on her phone was no longer alone. A small crowd had gathered from the commotion but nobody was stepping in to help. They were all admiring her teen body bent over the rail in nothing but her bra and thong, all trying to get a better angle for pictures and videos. Jessica had a tear in her eye as she came to the realization that everyone at school would see her in her underwear!

Hannah glanced down and realized Jessica was no longer below on the sideline. Just the handful of cheerleaders holding her arms. Just then she felt a hard slap on her ass! -SLAP!- Hannah cried out as she quickly looked over her shoulder to see none other than Jessica their laughing, "You sluts like getting spanked don't you?" With that Jessica proceeded to slap Hannah's ass several more times causing her butt cheeks to bounce and jiggle each time. Hannah winced each time a slap was delivered. Jessica was having a great time spanking and playing with Hannah's butt, kneading and pulling her cheeks apart in between slaps.

Hannah continued resisting and pulling away but was helpless to stop it. In her struggles, the waistband of Hannah's thong panties got snagged up on a piece of the chain link at the top of the rail. One good slap from Jessica caused Hannah to jolt her hips to the side but Hannah was still trapped. Unbeknownst to Hannah, her panties got pulled to the side, showing the edge of her pussy lips to her assailants and the crowd of spectators. Jessica realizing this immediately, announced to the spectators, "Looks like Hannah the whore can't contain herself! You'd think you would want to keep what little respect you have left a secret." Jessica giggled as she traced a finger up the back of Hannah's thigh, across her butt cheek. Jessica hooked her finger under the fabric of the thong and followed the material down along her crack and grazed across Hannah's exposed pussy lips. “Stop it you ugly bitch! You've had your fun, now let me go!” Hannah lashed out. "Ugly bitch, huh? Is that right?" Jessica sneered as she pulled Hannah's red thong up her ass by the waistband giving her a wedgie. The skimpy material of Hannah's red thong slowly disappeared into her pussy lips and ass cheeks exposing the rest of Hannah even more. Hannah tried to raise her hips but was unable to move being held down by the girls, only able to arch her back. "I was just going to spank you, but since I'm an ugly bitch now... maybe we should see all of you slut! Lets leave nothing to the imagination! Your bra and panties are mine now!"

Just like that Jessica and the cheerleaders went to work on Hannah again. Hannah immediately regretted her outburst as she felt her bra get unclasped from behind. The bra hung loosely on her breasts held up only by the shoulder straps. Before Hannah could even think what was happening, Jessica had her fingers in the waistband of her thong panties and whisked them down to her ankles in one swift pull! Jessica untangled the panties from Hannah's shoes one at a time pulling her thong free from her feet. Hannah was left bent over bottomless, unable to do anything but watch as her thong panties were thrown to the crowd of hungry spectators. Hannah was now naked from the waist down except for her socks and tennis shoes with her ass and pussy on show bent over, nothing left but the unclasped bra barely hanging from her shoulders. At that moment Hannah felt her arms get released.

This is my chance she thought! The girls below must have mis coordinated which bra strap to take off first. Now is my chance to make a run for it! Hannah stood up quickly and spun around rapidly. Hannah's bra flung free from her arms exposing her breasts to the spectators in front of her, which somebody quickly picked up and disappeared into the crowd with it. Until this moment they had only seen Hannah naked from behind. Now the crowd and their cameras had a full frontal shot of Hannah's naked body. They could clearly see her pussy and tits as she stood there exposed. Hannah now realized she was completely naked in front of the crowd and tried to cover her naked body with her hands. Hannah realized she couldn't wait around covering, she had to get out of there! 

Hannah's hesitation from embarrassment cost her dearly as her new found freedom was brought to an abrupt hault. The cheerleaders grabbed her arms again before she could run through the crowd and quickly pulled them behind her back. Now Hannah was stuck naked and unable to cover herself! More camera flashes as everyone tried to get a better look her naked teen body. Hannah heard the sound of duct tape and soon realized her wrists were being bound behind her back. Hannah knew she was in big trouble now, there was no escape! Then Jessica whispered in her ear, "Can't have you running off now, can we slut? The fun is just getting started!"

Jessica brought Hannah into the center of the crowd and put her on display like a trophy. Hannah couldn't believe this was happening to her. Jessica paraded Hannah around in all her naked glory. Hannah winced as cameras flashed, and the occasional grope came here and there. A few times hands managed to grab or slap her ass, somebody grabbed her breast, someone else pinched her nipple. Hannah never imagined she would be put on display naked like this, and with her arms taped behind her back, she had no way to defend herself.

As if that wasn't bad enough, Hannah soon felt her body becoming aroused to the exposure and gropings. She didn't want to, but couldn't help herself. Hannah just bit her lip and hoped nobody would notice but then it happened. One of the cheerleaders in the crowd was sliding her hand up Hannah's thigh toying with her when the girl's finger made it's way to Hannah's moist pussy. The girl noticed with a sly grin, winked at Hannah, then called out to Jessica, "Ohhh Jessica! Looks like the slut is getting off to all this attention!" The girl raised her finger to show the glistening cum on her fingertip. "Is that right Hannah? Maybe we should help you finish? I'm sure the crowd won't mind! Bring her over to this bench!"

The cheerleaders pulled Hannah over to the first bench seat of the bleachers. Hannah was barely putting up a fight. She knew she was helpless but couldn't just give in to the naked embarrassment. Hannah was easily pulled onto her back, laying across the bench, with her ass and back on the cold bleachers. Cheerleaders on either side of her grabbed each of Hannah's ankles as she fought to keep her legs together. "No! Please stop this!" The girls kept prying and with a sudden hard pull, they got Hannah's legs wide open. There she was completely naked on her back spread eagle. Now everyone had an unobstructed view of Hannah's pussy. Jessica grabbed Hannah's breast, then slowly slid two fingers down her ribs, doing a quick swirl around her belly button, before making their way to Hannah's open legs. Jessica started rubbing her two fingers around the outside of Hannah's pussy lips in a slow circular motion. Hannah couldn't take it and let out a small moan. The crowd started getting heated, so Jessica started feeding off the crowd rubbing her fingers around faster picking up speed. "Please... Mmph... stop.." Hannah whispered as she felt herself getting wetter and more aroused. She was powerless to stop her and knew she would cum any minute. Hannah gasped aloud as her legs were suddenly pulled together and up over her head as Jessica shoved two fingers inside her pussy without warning. Hannah's pussy and asshole could be easily seen by everybody in her new predicament. Hannah tried to buck her hips but her legs were held tight up in the air and she had an orgasm right then and there. "Ugh... no... mmph... uhhhHH!" Jessica, seeing the reaction she was getting, began pistoning her fingers in and out of Hannah. Finger ...ing the helpless naked teen as the crowd watched and cheered. Hannah's eyes rolled back as she had multiple orgasms, gasping and moaning with no control of her body as her pussy became soaked from her cum. The girs let go of Hannah's feet and left her lying on her back in her puddle of juices. Hannah was exhausted, panting from the abuse and forced orgasms.

Jessica feeling satisfied, pulled Hannah up to her knees by her hair. "Are you ever going to mess with my boyfriend again, slut?" Hannah still out of it, shook her head no. "Good. A few pics to remember tonight and you're free to go." Jessica posed next to Hannah's naked body like a trophy, putting her in all sorts of positions. First she made Hannah stand and turn around showing everything. Then she had Hannah bend over and grab her ankles taking pics along the way. Jessica then had Hannah get on all fours and arch her back. Jessica sat on her back like a horse then too pics beside her. Jessica grabbed Hannah's butt cheeks and spread them apart for a clear shot of her asshole and pussy from behind. She even took a photo with her finger in Hannah's ass. Jessica put Hannah in a few more positions then had her friends remove the duct tape and let Hannah go.

Hannah pushed through the crowd as they all got their final gropes in. Guys and girls alike slowed her escape with hands roaming all over her body. Grabbing her ass, tits and pussy, a few getting their fingers inside her. Hannah finally broke out the other side and ran towards the school. She knew she had some gym clothes she could put on to go home in since her clothes and underwear were nowhere to be found. She sure wasn't going to stick around and look for them or she would be sure to find herself in another predicament. Hannah couldn't believe that she was left running naked across the parking lot wearing nothing but her socks and tennis shoes. Hannah feared what school would be like next week. Everyone would probably see all the pics and videos of her getting stripped naked and toyed with by then. Not exactly how Hannah thought the night would go and she had a long weekend ahead of her.



