A few months after Wilson had come into his life, Chris was in the private bar reading a magazine and sipping whisky, when a familiar voice hailed him from across the room. "Chris!"

It was Linus, an old and dear friend of his, who he hadn't seen for the last six months. Chris rose to his feet and went to greet him.

"Linus!" They clapped each other on the back and shook hands warmly. Chris led Linus over to the bar and waved at the bartender.

"So, you're back. You're looking well," Chris said truthfully. Linus was a portly man, exacerbated by his healthy appetite for expensive food and drink and disdain for exercise. He'd slimmed down a bit since Chris had last seen him, although he still filled out his Hawiian shirt generously. "Staying long this time?"

"A few months. Then I'm off again, long trip to North Africa being planned right now, Morocco, Tunisia. You should come with me for a bit next time, Chris; we'd have a grand fucking time." Linus grinned; he had a wicked grin. He also had a habit of being unsubtle. "The operative word being fucking."

Chris grinned back. "Cheers, Linus, but haven't you heard? I'm going out with someone at the moment."

"No! And who is the lucky guy?" Linus picked up the premium export bitter that the barman had brought Linus without needing to ask what he wanted. "And is he actually over twenty-one?"

"Not only that, but he looks over twenty-one. His name's James Wilson. He's a doctor."

"Not your typical casting couch fodder, then. A doctor, eh? You have moved up in the world. I'm very proud." Linus drank half his beer in one gulp. "When do I get to meet him?"

Chris looked around the bar. "He's downstairs watching the game on the big screen. He'll be up in a minute for half time."

"A doctor. Well well." Linus gulped the other half of his beer. "What sort of doctor? Not a shrink, is he?"

"No, he's an oncologist. He works in a hospital up at Princeton."

"Princeton?" Linus raised an eyebrow. "That's a bit of a way, isn't it?"

"He comes down here at weekends." Chris hesitated. "He's got... ties up there."

"Oh God, he's not married, is he?" Linus's face darkened and he laid a hand on Chris's arm. His tone was light and scolding as he went on, "We're not fucking going through all that again, are we? What did I say to you? No more married men!"

Linus knew him too well. Chris laughed. "No, he's not married. Though he used to be. Twice, actually." He saw the incredulous expression on Linus's face and went on hastily. "But there is another man in his life. I've kind of got him on a timeshare basis."

"How the hell do you pick them, Chris, honestly!" Linus shook his head. "So what's the deal?"

Wish I knew, Chris thought wryly. He was saved an immediate reply as Wilson appeared in the bar doorway, to get a drink away from the hordes downstairs. Chris waved at him to come over.

Linus took one look at Wilson and said to Chris in a sorrowful undertone, "And here I was thinking you've moved on, when actually you've moved back two years."

Chris rolled his eyes. "Gimme a break. Yes, he looks like Edward. No, that's not all there is to it. Anyway, I would have thought you'd approve."

"Oh, I do, I do." Linus's eyes drifted over Wilson, who was wearing black jeans that clung to his ass and a crisp white T-shirt. "Can never get enough of the pretty. Where on earth did you find him? Are there more where he came from?"

Chris elbowed Linus in the ribs as Wilson came up to them, smiling.

"Wilson," Chris reached out and pulled Wilson gently towards him, hooking a finger in one of Wilson's belt loops. Wilson moved up to him and kissed him on the mouth. Chris let his tongue flicker briefly across Wilson's lips, relishing the sensation; Wilson closed his mouth, sucking briefly on the tip of Chris's tongue before they moved apart.

"Wilson, this is Linus," Chris said briskly, glancing sideways at Linus, who had been watching with interest. "He's an old friend of mine. Linus, this is James Wilson."

"Delighted to meet you, dear boy," Linus said solemnly, and shook Wilson's hand.

"Pleased to meet you too," Wilson said with equal solemnity. He looked at Linus with curiousity. Linus was an interesting looking guy, if only for his flamboyant dress sense. He had a habit of wearing loud patterned shirts and brightly colored suspenders.

"Linus lives in a house just up the shore from me, but he travels a lot, on business," Chris explained.

"Indeed I do, but I am very keen to get to know you better while I'm here, James Wilson," Linus interjected. "I'm having a party next weekend. Saturday night. I hope you'll both come? In fact I insist."

"Of course," Wilson said, smiling, polite. "Hey, I have to go, the game's about to re-start. But I'll look forward to your party next week." He waved at Chris, and left, heading downstairs.

Chris and Linus leaned on the bar and watched him go.

"You bastard," Chris said conversationally.

"You gotta let the other kids play with your toys," Linus said, deadpan.

Later that evening, Chris was in his office when Wilson came and joined him. Chris was at his desk; Wilson came and perched next to him. Chris curled a hand around Wilson's head, running his fingers lovingly over Wilson's nose and mouth.

"Wilson," Chris said delicately, "I don't think you know what kind of parties Linus throws."

"What?" Wilson asked, and looked so innocent that Chris nearly said something like fancy dress parties just for fun, but then decided he needed to be up-front.

"The kind of parties where people have sex with other people," Chris explained

Wilson's mouth formed a small round O of surprise. "Really? What, like—an orgy?"

"Uh, yes." Chris traced a finger round Wilson's chin. "We don't have to go. Unless you want to. Linus sure wants you to, but you don't have to take any notice of him."

"Mmm," Wilson said dubiously. He pulled back a little to look Chris in the eye, and asked directly, "Are you fucking Linus?"

Chris grinned broadly. "Me and Linus? We tried having sex once, years ago, and it was such an unmitigated fucking disaster we realized we were better off being just friends."

Wilson couldn't help but grin back.

Chris hesitated, then went on, "Linus and Edward, on the other hand... now they did like to fuck."

Wilson blinked and asked, "What, at the same time as... Edward was with you?"

Chris nodded. "It was always really fucking hot to watch."

Wilson chewed on his lower lip and looked thoughtful.

"We don't have to go to this party," Chris said firmly.

"No," said Wilson, sounding offhand. "We'll go."

Chris thought it was fifty-fifty whether Wilson would go to the party or not. He prepared himself the following weekend for a possible excuse why Wilson might not be able to come down: work, illness, car trouble, House needing him for some trifling reason (House's reasons always seemed trifling to Chris, even though rationally he knew they weren't. Usually). It wouldn't have been unusual; there was usually at least one weekend a month where Wilson either couldn't make it at all, or arrived very late or left early. But no—this weekend Wilson was down very promptly on Saturday afternoon, and apparently still happy to go to the party. Chris made a point of asking at least twice.

So there they were; strolling around Linus's large and beautiful seafront house, party in full swing. Drink and drugs and men were in plentiful supply.

Wilson stuck close to Chris's side at first, and at one point asked, "Do Linus's parties ever get raided by the police?"

Chris looked at Wilson in amusement. He knew that Wilson didn't want his two lives to meet, which was why Wilson hadn't allowed Chris back to visit Princeton Plainsboro since the day they'd met. There was a powerful streak of conformity in Wilson which Chris didn't like (it had been the same with Edward, and this had led to untold problems), but didn't often see.

"No. And you know why?" Chris pointed down the hallway at a fat man who was talking to a group of younger men. "That's the local police chief. He's always at these things. Linus is well connected, you know."

After that Wilson relaxed and became confident enough to wander off by himself for a bit.

Chris was pleasantly drunk and slightly stoned when he bumped into Linus a while later. Linus's arm was draped around a dark haired young man who Chris had never seen before.

"Chris, so glad you could make it." Linus thumped Chris on the shoulder. "Now where's your beautiful boy? The doctor? Do you ever play doctor with him, by the way? I can just see him in nothing but a white coat."

"He's around," Chris assured him. "He's new to all this, be gentle with him."

"New? How can he be, when you have him on a timeshare basis?" Linus affected a sigh.

"Well, it's a timeshare, its not like we're ever with him at the same time," Chris said, dry as dust.

"We were off to my bedroom," Linus announced, and looked at the guy he was with. "Fancy an audience, my dear?"

The guy was agreeable. Chris started to follow them towards to the bedroom, but was distracted by finding Wilson on the way. He told Wilson where he was going, with an enquiring quirk of an eyebrow; Wilson hesitated, then followed too.

They walked into Linus's bedroom, where Linus was administering a blow job to the dark haired guy on Linus's enormous bed. They sat on the sidelines in a large armchair and watched, Chris hugging Wilson close to him, feeling his own arousal grow and aware that Wilson was in a similar state.

Eventually the guy groaned and came in Linus's mouth; Linus spat it out expertly and looked round at Chris.

Linus was delighted to see Wilson there too, and went straight for the jugular.

"Wilson, darling, just the person I wanted to see. I've been simply dying to fuck you since I met you. Any chance of it?"

Wilson looked at Chris, who shrugged almost imperceptibly; your call.

Wilson then turned towards Linus, and Chris felt his blood start to pump with a fury; dear God, Wilson was going for it! Linus was undoing his pants with an expression like he'd just died and gone to heaven. Wilson stripped rapidly and joined him on the bed, and Chris's own erection surged mightily at the sight of Wilson, naked, getting on his hands and knees in front of Linus. Linus rolled on a condom and slicked Wilson's ass briskly with lube, then started to fuck him without further ceremony. Wilson gasped a bit, but took him, and started to move with him.

Chris, now with his own dick out, suddenly found a mouth on it—the dark haired guy who had been with Linus, getting in on the action. Chris sat back and let the guy suck him, while not taking his eyes off Wilson being thoroughly fucked by Linus. Geez, he would sleep well tonight. Linus slowed, driving deeper and more deliberately into Wilson with each thrust until Chris wanted to shout, come, you fucker!—until with a final heave, he did.

As Linus pulled out of Wilson and collapsed panting on the bed, Chris put a hand out to stop the guy who was giving him a blow job, saying a breathless, "Thanks," then joined the party on the bed. Wilson rolled over and looked up at Chris with wide, shining eyes, and said, breathless, "Fuck me, Chris, please—"

Chris needed no further invite. He rolled on his own condom and thrust up inside Wilson; feeling him slick and open from where Linus had just been before him. Wilson gasped and panted, and Chris took Wilson's own engorged and swollen cock in his fist and brought him off with a single wrist movement. As Wilson cried out and came across his stomach, Chris pushed on to his own swift climax, spurred on by the two other sets of eyes on him.

It was a damn good party.