He’d allowed himself one scream. One scream of disbelief, of pain, of resistance. Just one and then he’d buried his face in his arms and clenched his jaw, determined not to make another sound.

One scream was more than he deserved.

Adam was out for the night, having laughingly told Kris not to wait up, Matt had declared he was going for a swim, and Danny rarely came down to the basement unless he had to, so the only person left as the only possible choice responsible for the noise in his room was Allison.

Kris made sure the towel he’d grabbed was large enough to cover himself before calling out, “Allison, close your eyes and turn around. I have to grab clothes.” He glanced up as he walked into his room and stopped, blinking. “Danny.”

Danny stared at him long enough that Kris shifted, uncomfortable. “Kris, I think you need help.”

Kris blinked. “Help? With what?”

“Adam.” Danny moved forward a few steps and it never occurred to Kris to back away. “I see the way you look at him, Kris. It’s wrong.”

An uneasy feeling had Kris shifting his weight, the way he used to when he was getting ready to run. “I’m not sure what you’re talking about, man. Adam’s my friend.”

“If that were true, you’d look at everyone like that. You look at him differently and it’s a sin. Against God, against your marriage and I know you don’t want that. You’re a good man.” He reached out and gripped Kris’s arm firmly. “But it’s okay now. I’m going to show you why it’s wrong.”

“Danny—“ Kris was cut off as Danny yanked him forward and then to the side, shoving him down on the bed.

“I’m going to save you.”

Behind him, he could hear Danny muttering about how this is for his own good and, God help him, he’s never wanted to kill someone before but he would gladly throw Danny Gokey off the tallest building he could find right now.

He dug his fingers into the sheets, feeling them tear and give beneath his nails. It felt like he was being ripped in half as Danny continued to thrust and he had to press his face against the mattress to keep from screaming.

It felt like an eternity before Danny stiffened and came. He pulled out and scooted off the bed, straightening his clothes and fastening his jeans as he did so.

Kris stared at the clock on his nightstand, vaguely noting the time—9:43—as he swallowed. He didn’t flinch when Danny touched his back, refused to let his breath hitch at the feel of Danny’s skin against his.

“You’ll be okay now, Kris.”

Kris still didn’t respond as Danny waited for a moment before leaving the room, shutting the door behind him. For a moment, Kris allowed himself to shake and then he carefully pushed himself up, groaning loudly at the pain that shot through him when he did. Breathing slowly, he pushed himself up and forced himself to walk to the door so that he could lock it before he went to his window and opened it, praying that the scent of Danny and sex would soon be gone.

He yanked the comforter and sheets off the bed, throwing them to the floor and then headed into the shower, locking the door that led to his room as well as the door that led to Adam’s. It was probably ridiculous but he wasn’t going to be surprised again, he thought as he turned the water on as hot as he could get it before stepping in and beginning the process of washing himself.

Kris grimaced as he felt the soap run down his lower back and he clenched his fists at the way the torn skin protested, the sting enough to have him closing his eyes, letting only a few tears escape, before he resolutely scrubbed his face and finished washing his body, scrubbing until the skin felt red and raw and standing under the water until it felt like needles were piercing his skin.

Wincing he turned off the water and gingerly stepped out, grabbing the towel he’d left out for Adam and using it to pat himself dry. Taking a deep breath, he unlocked both doors and walked back into his room, relaxing slightly at the scent of the fresh air mixed with the scent of the trees that filled the room now.

He dressed in loose, light pants and then put on a shirt that had to belong to Adam if the size were anything to go by, letting the thought comfort him a bit.

It took him a minute to make sure he’d gotten each of the sheets before he unlocked the door and stepped out; relaxing further when he saw the hallway was empty. As much as he loved Allison and Adam, he wasn’t sure he’d be able to handle seeing either of them at the moment. Tomorrow, after he’d gotten some sleep, he’d be fine. He nodded to himself as he quickly moved to the laundry room, his movements steady as he added the soap and set the timer. He’d wash the sheets and then throw the comforter in there while they dried. He’d have the bed remade in a few hours and there’d be no evidence of what had happened.

Kris let out another breath pressing his palms against the top of the washer and rolled his neck forward.

By tomorrow, no one would be able to tell he was anything but fine.