The Sisters Next Door
by johnrocker_lit

The Sisters Next Door Ch. 02

While Jade's away, Katie comes to play…

"He's just a fucking neighbour that you've known for bloody two days, I don't want to see that cunt around here again!"

Inside her bedroom, Jade sat on top of her bedsheets, listening to her boyfriend rant about their new visitor coming over from the other side of their fence.

Moments after storming away from the pool after losing a chicken fight in the water, Justin was ready to explode. He had tendencies to do this at times, when things didn't go his way or if there was something he didn't like. He walked around her bedroom still topless from the pool, with genuine anger issues, the blonde hair boy was trying not to put a fist through his girlfriend's wall.

Justin stopped himself, making his way to the door.

"Where are you going?" she asked him, frustrated beyond belief.

He grabbed a hold of the handle of the door as he stood in the doorway, "Making something to eat, is that a problem?"

Jade shrugged, letting him shut the door on his way downstairs to the kitchen. She wasn't surprised by the attitude he was giving her, it was common for Justin to lose his cool over something small. Maybe the way she looked at Mark outside was enough for him to blow his top. If he just treated her with a little more respect, there might have a been a much easier solution. Maybe she wouldn't invite him over then if it did actually bother him.

The brunette's eyes were dry, she had stopped crying over incidents like this because of how frequently they happened. Still in her bikini, she stood up and walked on over to her bedroom window that was facing the back yard. It bugged her that she couldn't go back out there and speak to her new friend without creating more tension between her and Justin.

The best move was to stay inside and not say a word.

Peeking through the see through blinds, Jade could see that both Mark and Katie were out of the water now. It took just a couple of seconds to understand what was happening out there. On top of Mark was her older sister, her head firmly placed in his lap.

She felt her body tremor a little, a surprising mix of horniness and jealousy running through her blood. A little gasp escaped her mouth.

Her sister from above the waist was naked, her mouth getting into a rhythm.

Without even realising, Jade let her hand slide inside the front of her wet bikini bottoms. Her fingers headed straight for her pussy, rubbing the outside of her lips as she surveyed the scene outside. Katie was really going for it out there, bobbing her head up and down while Mark laid there in awe and excitement.

Jade looked at the way his mouth opened up wider as more of his cock entered the mouth of his sister. She thought about herself in that position, how she wanted to make him explode inside her own mouth.

Turned on was an understatement.

From her vantage point, she could see almost everything. Jade started furiously rubbing her clit, seriously turned on by what was happening outside.

She watched her sister lean back up and begin pumping his member, directing it straight at her chest. Even from up in the bedroom window, Jade knew that he was about to finish all over her tits.

Suddenly there were footsteps outside her bedroom door, Justin was coming back.

Her hand quickly fled from her bikini bottoms as she turned around to face the door. Walking in was Justin, two sandwiches on top of a white metal plate.

Looking at her suspiciously, Justin didn't know what to say when Jade untied the back of her bikini top, letting it fall to the ground, revealing her perky breasts to him.

Her nipples were hard and firm, she was breathing heavily, looking him dead in the eye with a look of passion.

"Put that food down and come over here and fuck me."

***

Later that Night...

Satisfied and relaxed, Mark was feeling great that night as he chilled on the recliner seat in the lounge room, right in front of the blasting aircon.

His father walked in the door, wearing his professional attire of long buttoned up shirt and black briefs. Sweating everywhere after a long day, he instantly sighed at the sight of Mark topless in the lounge room with his feet up watching another ridiculous television show.

"Mark," he said as he entered the room, loosening his tie.

"Hey Dad, what's cracking?" Mark said with a bit of a smart ass tone.

After the blowjob by the pool, Mark was feeling a million bucks right now. Whatever his parents had to say, he couldn't give a care in the world to it.

"Did you work out what your plans are for next year?" he asked as he did every day these holidays.

"Nah. Not really."

That sort of casual 'I don't give a fuck' type of reply was the worse one to give his parents. Mark's father instantly began to heat up inside, he looked at his son with his mouth open, ready to raise his voice.

But the man stopped himself, he just shook his head and quickly walked out of the room to go find his wife. It felt like a nice victory for the twenty year old who stretched out his feet a little more, completely relaxed.

As the younger of two siblings, Mark often felt that he was at the bottom of the totem pole in the family hierarchy. However, his older sister of 24 had moved out of home to live with her boyfriend while Mark was over at the other side of the country studying a course that just didn't fancy his interests enough.

With her out of the family house picture, the pressure was back on Mark to get into a new course or a new job and sort his life out. It seemed harsh to him considering his age.

But that's what he was dealing with right now

.

***

Friday Night

After hearing about Jade going skinny dipping late at night just a day before, Mark was constantly on the look out for it she would repeat history and do the same again this Friday Night.

Considering how warm it was in the late hours once again, Mark fancied his chances. He kept going out to the backyard to see if anyone was out there.

He wanted to text her so badly, ask her what she was up to, if she wanted to chat. But knowing that Justin was probably still over there, texting her may be a bad idea right now.

Play it cool, he thought to himself. Let Jade come to him.

But she never did... No text, no naked outdoor swim, no photos.

That was it for tonight.

***

Saturday Morning

Staying fit was a priority.

Mark kept his body in good condition even though he hated to exercise. Part of being able to keep himself looking good was going for morning runs to kick off his day. Since he had been back home, Mark had slacked off on that quite a bit.

For whatever reason, he aimed to fix that now, getting up early on a Saturday to run.

On his way back, Mark was feeling exhausted, running in the already hot weather was tough on his tired body. He was breathing heavily walking back down his street, keeping his hands on top of his head to try calm his breathing and lower his heart rate.

That's when he noticed someone coming his way, exiting his now infamous neighbour's house. One look and he knew exactly who it was, Jade was walking his way.

She looked incredibly fit in both ways, so attractive in her pink sports bra and black running shorts but her tanned body was looking in tip top condition. Already sweating a little bit from the morning heat, Jade's body was looked almost as if it was oiled up. It glistened in the sun, too hot for Mark to handle.

"So you're a fitness freak too as well as a part time model?" he playfully flirted with him as she approached.

"Not bad yourself stud," she replied, checking out Mark's body that was aching inside, "You should have told me you were into running, we could have gone together this morning."

An opportunity missed, Mark made plans to see more of her, "Well I do this most mornings," he lied, "Why don't we do it tomorrow or Monday or something. It is the holidays isn't it?"

She fiddled with her ponytail as he spoke which was a lot hotter than it should have been, "How about Monday, are you free then?"

"Monday works for me," he replied.

Jade smiled, "I'll text you."

The brunette then put her headphones back in her ears as she began her run, moving straight past him. Mark did a 180 to watch her run off into the distance, her ass giving him something nice to think about when jumping into the shower.

***

Monday Morning

Just as they planned, Mark and Jade met outside her house early Monday morning as the sun began to rise. Today she wore similar black bike shorts that looked like they couldn't be any tighter to her thighs than they already were. Instead of the pink sports bra from Saturday, she now had a white one, the same Nike branded material.

There wasn't much talking as they both ran side by side, making their way down to the beach.

Without knowing anything about Jade 's athletic abilities, Mark was shocked to see how quickly she could move. The girl's legs moved swiftly, almost effortlessly as they ran along a bike track on the edge of the sand.

He didn't know what to say to her to end this, it was torture on his legs trying to keep up with her pace. With the morning sun beating down on them already, Mark felt like he'd pass out if he went much longer.

Without much warning, Jade began to pull up, checking her watch as she did so.

"That's almost 8kms," she said, barely puffing, "Happy to stop here?"

"Yeah... sounds good," Mark replied, in between deep breaths.

As much as he wanted to hide it considering how unfazed Jade was with the distance, Mark couldn't. He put his hands to his head, sucking in the air with deep breaths.

"Come on, let's go get something from the café to eat," she told him, smirking at just how exhausted he appeared in front of her.

Mark just nodded, following her back across the road to a busy section of shops. All next to each other, there were cafes, small grocery stores, takeaway joints and even a couple of small clothing stores. Jade picked out the first café on the left and the two grabbed a seat at an outside table.

Once he had his breath back, Mark felt a little more relaxed. They ordered some breakfast meals and a coffee each after being served by one of the waiters wearing all black.

"What is it with you?" Mark said playfully at the table, "You're a freak athlete, a nurse, a model, is there anything you're not good at?"

It made Jade laugh, "Just because I have the looks to be a model, doesn't mean I am."

She sure looked it though. Even after running eight kilometres in some pretty warm morning weather, Jade managed to still look as sexy as ever. Her cheeks were a little more rosy and her hair that was done up in a bun was a bit messy but it didn't matter at all.

"But if you have to know, I'm not very good at strategic games... things like Chess."

He laughed, "Really? That's your only flaw?"

"Yeah and no, I'm not playing chess with you."

"You don't have to worry, I wouldn't be much better."

Mark could swear that he was falling in love with the way she laughed and smiled. Those pearly whites staring back at him.

"Soo uhh anyways, how's Justin?" he asked her, still unsure of what happened after he stormed away from the swimming pool.

"He's fine," she replied.

"Did I do anything to upset him? He seemed pretty annoyed when he walked off."

She sighed, not knowing what to tell Mark. Her boyfriend had virtually warned her not invite him around again. Although she hadn't had him over since Friday, Jade knew just by going out to a local café with him would make Justin's blood boil.

Not wanting to give him the bad news that he couldn't invite him around as much, Jade played it off as if nothing was wrong, "No you're good. Like I said before, he's just complicated, I wouldn't worry if I were you."

He nodded, still under the belief that something was not quite right there.

"Speaking about Friday..." she then said with a great big smirk on her face, "You and Katie sure put on a show after we had left."

Mark gulped, his cheeks were still bright red from the run but he could feel them getting even redder, "Oh you uhhh were watching that huh?"

Jade nodded slowly, still smirking,

"All of it??" he asked.

"Enough of it to get the idea.."

The idea of Jade watching her sister blow him was on one hand a great turn on but also a touch embarrassing. The cheeky grin on her face helped him believe that she wasn't concerned about any of this whatsoever, in fact, maybe it turned her on as much as it did him.

"Well..." he spoke.

"Well what?"

"Well what did you think?" he bravely asked.

Before Jade could even open her mouth, the waiter had returned to the table with their food.

"The smoked salmon and scrambled eggs," the man said, holding out one plate.

Jade raised her hand, not taking her eyes off Mark, still staring into his eyes.

"And the big breakfast with extra bacon, extra mushrooms," the waiter said while placing the other plate in front of Mark."

"Thanks very much," he replied politely, more excited about the brunette's response than the actual food on his plate.

She took a sip of her drink before answering, "It was a nice show but it sure didn't look like you could last too long out there, had to start wondering about how long it would take me to finish you off."

Underneath the table, Mark was now hiding a giant erection in his running shorts. He took a bite of his breakfast, feeling a lot more uncomfortable than he was a couple of minutes, in a good way of course.

"Don't be shy then, how long would it take you?"

She paused, twisting up her lips, "I wouldn't even need a minute."

It was almost as if his heart rate was as fast as it was just earlier on their run. Jade played it off as if it was no big deal, starting to use her knife and fork to cut up her salmon.

To Mark, it still didn't add up. Girls with boyfriends were never this openly flirty with other guys. Was there something about Mark that made her this way or did she do this with a lot of guys?

Watching her dig into her meal, Mark felt sexually frustrated. If he could, he'd jump this table and have his way with her. The fact that part of her attitude made him believe that she wanted it while her relationship held her back, was very hard for him to deal with.

"You all good?" she asked him, noticing he hadn't eaten much.

"Yeah. All good."

Mark forced a smile before cutting into his eggs.

After finishing their meals and paying for them, Jade had her mother come pick them up so they didn't have to make the long trek back home by foot. Just like her daughters, she was an attractive woman who took care of her body. Also like her daughter, she was a nurse at a North Brisbane hospital, one of the reasons why Jade was leaning towards that kind of career pathway.

"Thanks again for the lift Diane," Mark said as he hopped out the back of her car.

"Anytime honey, you're always welcome to come round and enjoy our pool any time you like!" she told him.

Immediately he thought about how Katie told him that her parents didn't get along with Justin. He couldn't work out how, Diane was lovely and it didn't make a whole lot of sense on how you could get that far on her bad side without being a total asshole.

"So what's your plans for the rest of the week?" Mark asked, hoping to hear she was free and willing to catch up again.

"Uhh I'm not entirely sure yet... Justin and I were meant to be going down to the Gold Coast for a few nights and run into my little sis while we're there. But he hasn't exactly committed to anything yet so I'm just waiting to hear."

Mark nodded. He wanted to change her mind on this guy, at least get her to ditch the idea of going away with him for a few days, maybe even take himself instead of her boyfriend.

Instead he stayed quiet, letting her decide what to do herself, "Either way, I'll see you before Christmas. Maybe you can invite me over for a change."

Mark chuckled, "My house is hot sweaty mess in the summer with no pool and my parents are a nightmare... but that still sounds like a good idea. Just keep me updated on what happens with your trip."

"You got it stud," she winked before starting to make a move, "I'll text you later!"

"I'll be waiting."

***

Friday Night

The waiting was a lot longer than he expected. For whatever reason, Jade didn't send him that text. A couple of days later, Mark tried contacting her himself but didn't receive anything back.

It became a very dull week where he constantly checked his phone every ten minutes to see if he had a message from her.With just a week out from Christmas, Mark was also struggling to avoid his parents who were still on his case about figuring out what to do with his life.

A chance to get away from them came on Friday when Mark was invited out for drinks with his close friend Alex. He made himself look as nice as he could before grabbing his wallet and phone and heading downstairs.

Moving quickly, he was stopped by his father before he could get off the staircase.

"You're going out?" he asked calmly.

Mark nodded, not wanting to be stuck listening to any form of lecture.

"Are you sleeping here?"

"Uhh yeah, probably... why?"

"Good. Your mother needs a lift tomorrow morning to her eye appointment," he explained, "She's not allowed to drive home from it and I'm having to work tomorrow so I need you to drive her there and back, have you got that?"

He didn't see an issue with it, he nodded in response, "Sure, that's fine."

"Good. It's at 8:30am, don't forget."

Mark shrugged it off, he was sure to be hungover but as long as someone woke him up in the morning, all would be fine.

They hit a local bar before committing moving onto a busy club in the heart of Brisbane. It seemed like a good idea at first, Mark wanted to stop thinking about Jade by diving head first into the middle of some random girl's legs.

"We should have brought Macca with us!" Alex told Mark, needing to speak up so he could hear over the loud thumping club music, "He always pulls here."

"Nah ya kidding, fuck that! He would just take away all our options!" Mark replied loudly.

Alex shook his head, "Options?!? We've been standing here for an hour and haven't had a single girl look at us except for more than five seconds."

"Except for that redhead who was only staring to check if you had stopped looking at her tits," Mark laughed.

"Oh fuck this! Let's just get out of here, we're not getting lucky here tonight!" Alex said, ready to throw in the towel.

At that exact moment, he noticed a rack that he sure would never forget. Katie was across the other side of the dance floor, shaking her hips in a tight white dress. Mark instantly recognised her, dancing besides two other female friends.

He tapped Alex on the chest while looking directly across the dance floor, "Come with me, our luck just changed."

Mark led the way, walking very quickly to get across to the other side of the dance floor. Katie who was facing his direction, didn't realise until he was standing almost right next to her that it was him. She let out a gasp, wrapping her arms around his neck, "What the fuck? Mark!"

"What are the chances!" he said in her ear.

Katie was more than thrilled to see him which made his night instantly better than it was just seconds ago.

"Meet my friends! This is Cara and Talia!" she said introducing him to a blonde girl and a tall skinny brunette.

They exchanged smiles and Mark did the same, introducing Alex to Katie and her friends. Being so close to the DJ was not helping anyone, nothing they were saying could be really heard by the others. After a bit of a dance, Mark made the move to go and find a seat that was away from the loud music.

Once away from the dance floor, the now group of five were able to speak a little more easily without the music drowning their voices out.

"Have you heard from Jade in the last couple of days?" he asked Katie as they sat next to each other in a booth.

"Not really, she's away this week," she replied.

"Do you know when she's coming back?" Mark asked straight away again.

She shook her head.

"I just don't get why she hadn't replied to my texts."

"Hey. I sucked your dick last week and all you want to do is talk about my sister."

"Sorry, sorry," Mark quickly apologised, realising he was coming off as a little obsessive with her younger sister.

Katie playfully slapped his arm, "You don't have to apologise, I know you like her."

An instant sense of guilt. Mark figured he may have been pretty obvious about his feelings towards Jade but in the process, he was unintentionally pushing away this busty goddess of a woman. He would have denied it if it wasn't true but Mark was desperate to have something more with Jade.

"When she's got a boyfriend, there's not much you can do," he said, taking a sip of his drink.

"Justin's a fucking tool!" she loudly said, "I'd literally play wing woman just to get him out of our house and you in it."

He couldn't help but smile, Mark couldn't help but feel a similar connection to the untaken Katie. Mainly just a sexual connection but either way, he was happy to be sitting next to her right now..

"You look fucking good tonight by the way," he said, tactfully changing conversation.

She smiled, shimmering her shoulder so her breasts shook, "You like the dress?"

"I sure fucking do," he said, mesmerised by those large knockers.

There was unfinished business to take care of with Katie but everything was going to have to go to plan tonight for that to happen.

Initially, Mark was concerned that Alex wouldn't get along with Katie's friends and the whole night would be ruined with the girls and guys going their separate ways. Surprisingly they were getting along well with Alex paying a lot of attention to Talia, a tall brunette. Her curly brown hair and cute face was an instant attraction and Alex liked his chances with her based on how short her skirt was at the club. Rounding up the group was Cara, shorter than Talia but not considered short by any means. She had fantastic breasts that sat up proudly underneath her red dress. Cara was born in the United States, living there until she turned 18. One of the first people she met over here was Katie and the two had become really close friends over the last four years.

"You should have seen her trying to understand some of my friends when she first got here," Katie told Mark, laughing as she spoke, "She had no fucking idea what they were talking about, they were typical Aussie bogans."

"I still can't believe you people call flip flops, thongs," she said with a shocked reaction on her face while everyone else laughed.

There was certainly a few times over the course of the night that Mark caught Cara eyeing him off from the other side of the booth. To be fair, she probably caught him taking peeks at the lovely amount of cleavage she was displaying to them.

Eventually the group began to get restless and the same club scenery was getting old quickly.

"So what are the chances that we can get the hell out of here and kick on somewhere else?" Alex eventually asked, bringing up what everyone was thinking, "I can't afford another weak twelve dollar rum and coke."

"Talia?" Cara turned to ask the tall brunette, "What about yours?"

She was shaking her head before the blonde could even finish asking her question, "No way, not all five of you, my parents are sleeping."

Everyone sat quietly, looking around the booth at the others, just waiting for someone to speak up and offer their house to head back to. After a few seconds of silence, Katie rolled her eyes before swallowing the last of her drink, "Fine... you can come back to mine."

"Legend! Way to take one for the team!"

"Nice babe!"

"Don't get too excited, outside only," she warned them as they all got up out of the booth one by one.

***

A maxi cab dropped the group off to Katie's house

Katie did her best to keep everyone outside while going in herself to bring out enough straight alcohol to keep the party going for a couple more hours.

As time went by, Talia had started to make a move on Alex, sitting on top of his lap, feeding him grapes from a food platter on the outside dining table. It didn't bother Mark in the slightest who was now receiving more attention from Katie and her American blonde friend.

"Back in a sec, just taking a piss," Mark said, getting out of his chair.

He wondered out further into the backyard, turning the corner of the house so nobody could see him taking care of his business. Unzipping his jeans pants, Mark drunkenly closed his eyes as he pissed into the bushes. The sound of his stream hitting the leaves was oddly satisfying.

As he shook of the last few drops, Mark didn't realise that he had someone to his left, watching him. It was partly due to how much alcohol he had consumed tonight that caused him to be so out of it that he didn't realise Cara was standing next to him in that tight red dress.

"Bloody hell!" he finally exclaimed when he noticed her presence.

She covered her mouth with her right hand, giggling at his reaction. Her eyes quickly peered back down however, Mark's cock was still hanging out of the front of his jeans.

"Oh fuck, sorry," he muttered, trying to put his member back inside his pants.

Before he could though, Cara reached out and grabbed his left wrist, stopping its movement. Mark looked back at her, seeing a great big grin on her face.

She shook her head slowly, "Don't put it away just yet."

Mark let her move his hands away from his crotch, his soft cock sitting there out in the open. He felt the power shift to Cara as she kept her eyes moving back and fourth from his dick to his eyes. It almost felt as if she was trying to make him hard just from her eye movement.

"What's the deal with you and Katie?" she suddenly asked.

"The deal? What do you mean?"

"Are you two a thing? Would I be ruining anything by doing this?" she asked again as her hand swung forward again, this time taking his soft dick in her hand.

It twitched almost immediately as she touched it, Mark felt his heart rate elevate.

"Oh there's nothing serious going on between us," he said, feeling her hand very slowly move his foreskin back, "It's only sexual..."

He let the last word linger making Cara smirk a little more. Her hand began to move a tiny bit quicker, gripping his shaft a little harder. That was enough to make it grow, she held onto it tightly now as it stiffened in the palm of her hand.

"Good... I didn't plan on going home without a little fun," she whispered to him.

With her opposite hand that was free, Cara grabbed Mark by the chin lightly, moving his face to side before leaning in to kiss his neck. She sensually moved her lips against his bare skin, the warm breath of her mouth felt fantastic against his neck. Meanwhile, her right hand made a move on his dick, now picking up the pace.

Mark was sure that she was trying to leave a mark on his skin, just by the way he could feel her teeth against his skin.

Her lips travelled up his neck, up past his chin and straight to his lips. There was no light pecking, Cara was really going for it now. Just seconds in, she had pushed her tongue down his throat. Mark responded by grabbing the back of her head, pressing his hand against her blonde hair.

Just when things were starting to get interesting, they were interrupted.

"Oh I see how it is," Katie's voice echoed as she stood with her arms crossed.

"You don't want to let me in on the fun? Have to hide back here by yourselves?" she teased, stepping closer to them.

Mark shook his head, "There's plenty of me to go around here, you girls can share me."

Katie was rolling her eyes before Mark had even finished his sentence but it didn't seem to matter whatsoever, she was stepping forward towards them with a seductive look on her face. Her eyes had drifted down to Mark's crotch area where her American friend was still playing with his shaft. She continuing stroking it, wondering if Katie was going to join them.

The busty brunette didn't say anything else, she was extremely horny, just like the other day by the pool. Katie put her hands on the side of Mark's cheeks as she leaned forward and began kissing him. Her lips connected with his and Mark tried to keep up, still feeling two hands working on his cock.

The next couple of minutes felt like they were going in slow motion as he went back and fourth between the two girls, viciously making out with them. They both had one hand each on his shaft, they began to get a bit rougher with him, the soft teasing hands had turned more aggressive as they yanked and stroked him harder.

Mark had never had two women at the same time and as long as he could get these two upstairs together, he was in for a real show.

"Alright, enough of the fucking teasing... we're going upstairs," Katie abruptly announced.

***

On their way back inside, the three noticed that there was no sign of either Alex or Tahlia. presumably already inside the house, Katie was visibly annoyed after already warning them about coming inside.

All the way upstairs, tiptoeing up the staircase, they tried to stay as quiet as possible, not to wake up her parents. As Katie opened up the door to her bedroom, they saw that it was occupied by the other two 'love birds'. They barely even noticed the door opened as they rolled around on her queen sized bed, making out.

"Fuck it, we'll just take Jade's room," Katie said, shutting the door.

She wanted to kick them out, especially since she didn't even know who Alex was and now he was about to be bare butt naked, fucking on top of her bed sheets. But she was too horny to worry about it now. Moving next door, Katie turned on the wall light and let Mark and Cara inside before shutting the door.

It felt weird to finally be inside Jade's room, just with no Jade...

There wasn't much time to think about that or investigate her room any further. Mark had two very attractive and more importantly, horny girls who were ready to rip off his clothing. Before they had even got him on top of Jade's bed, Cara had unzipped the front of his jeans once more while Katie was busy ripping open his white shirt.

About to be thrown backwards onto the bed, Mark heard one of the white buttons on his shirt snap off as Katie hungrily unbuttoned it. His jeans were being dropped to his ankles as Katie removed the shirt from his arms before they playfully pushed him back first on top of the queen sized bed.

The comfy mattress below him made him think about Jade enjoying the feel of it every night. She sure wasn't the most organised person in the world with how untidy she left her room.

Mark could feel a discarded bra underneath the doona cover and the carpeted floor was messy with the amount of clothing she had left everywhere.

"Now these have to go immediately," Katie said, snapping him back to the amazing reality that was in front of him.

She had a hold of his black briefs while Cara removed the jeans past his ankles and feet. The briefs came off with very little effort, his cock springing back to life.

Katie grabbed his cock first as if it was a race to touch him, she let out a little moan while stroking the long hard length a few times, "Sooo big and hard... I told you it was nice."

"Mmm, you didn't lie," Cara replied, jumping on top of the bed to join the two.

"Since when were you two talking about my dick?" he asked curiously as his member was played with softly.

They looked at each other, both with their own mischievous smile on their face.

"The girls bathroom at the club," Cara said.

"Don't look so surprised sweetie, girls talk," Katie added.

Mark wasn't complaining, how could you in a situation like this?

"Well that's okay, I was talking to Alex the other day about Katie's tits," Mark said, watching the busty brunette stamp her authority over his cock.

Katie responded with a giggle while Cara shuffled forward a little more towards him. She wanted a way to get a little more involved, "What about mine?"

The blonde had her hands on her breasts from the outside of the tight red dress.

"I don't know yet. I've seen Katie's before, I haven't seen yours."

"I suppose. You want to see?" she said, now pulling down the two shoulder straps of the dress.

"Fucking hell yeah I do."

She teased it out, lowering the straps until they fell off her shoulder. The blonde American girl was now beginning to roll down the next part of her dress so more of that plentiful cleavage was showing. It made the feeling of being jerked off even better now that he had some extra viewing material. There was no sign of any bra underneath so once her top dropped, Mark was seeing everything.

"You sure?" she asked again, stopping just an inch away from revealing her nipples.

"Fucking show me those tits babe," he exclaimed.

The teasing was all about to pay off. Cara pulled down her dress all the way to her mid drift, letting her large breasts fall out.

They were almost the same size as Katie's, just less round in shape. They drooped down a little lower than the brunette's, appearing to be very heavy. Her pink nipples stood up hard and firm.

In a very stripper like move, Cara pushed herself forward and wrapped her arms around Mark's neck while pressing her breasts up to his face, shaking them around. Unlike a generic strip show, there would be a lot of touching. When the blonde tried to pull back, Mark didn't let her, grasping firmly onto her tits, placing his lips tightly around her nipples.

"Oooooh god fucking damn it," she whimpered as he sucked aggressively on her nipples.

Mark felt the hand on his hard cock disappear as Cara took centre stage, now sitting right on top of his lap, her tits still tightly pushed against his face. It was obvious that Katie had gotten off the bed, the sound of it creaking followed by feet on the carpet gave that away.

His hands made their way down to Cara's butt, giving it a nice squeeze. Just like her breasts, there were plenty to grab. Mark hiked the red dress all the way up so that the whole piece of material was around her waist.

Feeling around, it was clear that she had just a thong on underneath. The sound of the bed creaked again as Katie re-joined them on top.

"Cara, you want to come down here and help me blow him," he heard Katie ask her best friend.

Her breasts were removed from his reach as the blonde agreed to use her lips on his most sensitive area. As she moved off his lap, Mark got a nice surprise seeing that Katie had taken off her dress and was now kneeling next to him in nothing but lacy white panties.

"Did you miss these?" Katie teased, cupping her large breasts with both hands.

"You could say so," he said, reaching out his hands to grab them.

She responded with a quick and playful slap to the hand, "Not so fast mister, we've got business down here to attend to first."

The business that she was referring to was already taking place with Cara licking the side of his shaft with her long tongue. It tickled him, the tip of her tongue travelling from the base of his cock, having a quick lick of one of his balls before returning to the head of his cock,

"Awghhh," Mark muttered as he felt Cara's mouth swallow his hard shaft full.

She pressed her head down, taking in every inch she could. Being the supportive friend she was, Katie helped her swallow it, forcing her head down lightly as encouragement.

"Fucking hell..." he muttered to himself.

Katie overheard him and began to bite down on her bottom lip, her hands still on top of Cara's head. She began mouthing words to him, as drunk as he was, having a stranger suck his dick, Mark didn't pick up what she was saying the first time until she repeated it.

"I'm going to fuck you so hard..." she mouthed to him.

It was right then that he was hoping that the alcohol would be able to help him last long enough to experience that.

As Cara came up for air, Katie took over, bobbing her head down on his shaft.

The two took turns going back and fourth for the next few minutes, trying to invent new ways to tease him with their tongues scrapping and tickling different parts of his dick. They were desperate to find his most sensitive area.

"Ohhhhh Jesus Christ!" he let out, his body moving upwards involuntary while Katie wiggled the tip of her tongue on the tip of his penis.

The girls giggled at his reaction before giving him a few seconds to recover. They didn't want him to blow his load too early either, especially with the feeling they both had inside their panties.

"Who takes the first honours?"

The two topless girls looked at each other, both wanting to ride him into the ground.

"How about... you go first, I know he's been waiting to reconnect with these babies," Katie said once again holding her tits.

The alcohol had Mark feeling a little dizzy, he felt his head shaking as the girls reorganised themselves on the bed. He was thankful for the fact that he had the easy job, all on his back.

"You should have seen how much cum he got all over my boobs last time," Katie told her friend while moving up right very close to Mark.

She was close enough that he could smell the feminine scent of her pussy, there was no way that she wasn't soaking wet through those panties.

Katie continued to edge forward until her tits were inches away Mark's head. He reached out and grabbed them, squeezing all that cleavage in her hands. Just like what had happened with Cara moments ago, Mark was smothered by Katie's breasts. She used those big bazongas almost as weapons, bashing against the front of his face.

Those big juicy nipples became the target of his lips. He let his mouth hover over there, licking her areolas before really sucking on them hard.

With those beautiful big breasts in his face, Mark didn't have any view of Katie's blonde friend straddling his lap, holding his shaft up high, ready to insert it inside her moist cunt.

The tip of his cock rested against her opening. He felt it slowly enter inside her as Cara dropped her body back down on him. Mark let out a moan into Katie's right tit as he sucked her big hard nipple. His shaft slid deeper inside her pussy, the warm walls of her vagina clinging to it.

"Awhhh yes!" Cara moaned.

The blonde started to move a little quicker, bouncing on Mark's cock.

Needing some air, Mark was happy to have Katie take away her tits from his face. It was the first time that he could see Cara on top of his lap, bouncing up and down on him. Her hands pressed further, on top of his stomach as her breasts shook around. They swung around with a little more enthusiasm as her hips began to do more of the work.

"That a girl," Katie encouraged her friend as she turned around and waddled backwards. She moved her left leg over his body and Mark's view was once again taken away.

Leaning over her shoulder, a hand in between her thighs, she spoke to Mark, "Ready for me to sit on your face?"

She let out a bit of a giggle while pulling her white panties to the side. Pushing her butt back, spreading her cheeks out, Katie revealed to Mark her pink puffy lips and tight puckered asshole.

"You're running the show," he said with a smile.

Her scent was even stronger now that it was just inches away from his nostrils.

As Cara moaned again in the background, Katie backed herself on top of Mark, her pussy rubbing up against his mouth. She tasted just as nice as she smelt, Mark couldn't be anymore turned on as he grabbed a hold of her white ass cheeks while dipping his tongue deep inside her mound.

The girl was that wet that she was already dripping juices on his face before he had even made any progress. With his tongue deep inside her, he moved it around, pressing it up against her walls.

All he wanted was to keep hearing her moan.

From down below, not able to see anything but Katie's ass cheeks, Mark listened and recognised the different kind of moaning the two girls had. Cara's noises had began to grow louder as she started bouncing more on his shaft. She was going to be very loud if she could get off while riding him. Katie's was more of a quiet hum, he wondered if she would be any louder when his tongue was replaced by his cock.

He tried to buck his hips up as Cara bounced even quicker. The sound of her tits slapping against each other added to the moment. The sensation of his shaft sliding in and out of her cunt was starting to really get to him.

It was truly Friday Night paradise, Mark had his nose pressed up against Katie's ass while his tongue licked out her beautiful pussy as her fit blonde friend rode him like a cowgirl.

"Mmmm fuck! That tongue is such a tease!!" Katie moaned, continually pushing her butt back on top of his head, "Give me a go Cara..."

"Mmmm just one more minute!" Cara said, her ass bouncing a lot faster.

She jumped his bones like there was no tomorrow, an impending orgasm moments away.

"If you make him cum, you're sleeping outside!" Katie warned him, worried she wouldn't get her shot at riding him.

Cara didn't take her threat to seriously, her body moving even faster than before. If Mark hadn't had that much to drink, he would have been done by now. But he knew he could hold on a little longer, long enough to have his way with Katie.

"URGHHHH FUCK!" the blonde girl finally let out.

Her body twitched, her hips shaking as she stopped moving, Mark's cock still firmly inside her. Suddenly he was relieved from his eating out duties with Katie removing her weight off his face. The girl wanted and needed cock right now and there wasn't anything that would stop her from getting it.

The blonde let the throbbing hard dick slide out of her as she got off his lap.

"Holy fuck," Katie spoke as she grabbed a hold of the now very wet shaft, "Who needs lube when you have Cara's juices."

"Give me a break, I haven't had sex in weeks," the American blonde said as she very slowly made her way down the bed.

Weeks? Try months for Mark. If he was getting some every second or third week, he would be feeling a lot better about how things were going for him.

Katie stroked him just a few more times before inserting it inside her. The tongue action from moments before had only made her hornier. She let out a light moan as she sat on top of his lap, letting that cock slide further and further in.

Her walls were just as wet and warm as Cara's.

She eased into it, moving her hips back and fourth and twisting them around. While she got used to the feeling of Mark's precious member inside her, Cara kept moving forward.

On her knees, very close to his head, the American used one hand to slide in between her thighs. She began rubbing herself just lightly, the girl was still soaking wet from just moments ago.

Once her finger were coated in her fluids, she began running them up his chest. They left a trail as her fingers lingered, moving up to his cheeks. One by one, she put a finger inside his mouth, making him lick it clean.

"Suck them clean while you watch her," she whispered to him.

He did exactly what he was told, not finishing with a finger until he had swallowed every last drop of her juices. Meanwhile, Katie began to get into a new gear, fucking him faster.

"You like the taste of her pussy?" Katie asked him, using her hands on his body as she bounced, "Do we taste nice?"

"Mhmm," he moaned with his mouth shut,

Cara's index finger inside in.

The sweet taste of her nectar was a much better liquid that he put inside his mouth over the night. He was starting to feel himself getting closer, the faster that Katie rode his dick, the more he wanted to finish.

Whether it was due to his body twitching or the reaction on his face, Katie seemed to take the hint. She slowed right down before letting his cock slip right out of her hairless vagina.

Katie's tongue was out, licking her upper lip. Her long brown hair on the top of her head was in a mess, the definition of sex hair. As she leaned back, Mark had an incredible view of that pussy he had now licked and fucked.

"Do you girls do this tag-teaming stuff often?" he had to ask.

Katie got off his lap and crawled over at Cara, the two girls still above him.

"Depends on your definition of often?" Katie said before she locked lips with Cara.

A beautiful erotic scene of the two busty women making out on top of him. They were still as horny as him, anyone could tell that. It wasn't the first time they had done this, the two girls kissed each other like pros, wrapping their arms around one another, their breasts now pressing up against the others.

Mark felt like he was about to explode, he gripped his own cock tightly, knowing if he jerked himself anymore, he would begin to cum.

Instead, he sat up off the bed and moved over to the naked beauties, crawling on his knees. Mark felt very dizzy, that morning hangover would be rough.

He got right up and close to them until he could put his hands all over them. With two girls with incredible assets, he didn't know what to touch first. Mark squeezed ahold of one of each of their ass cheeks before letting his hands slide in between their thighs, rubbing their moist cunts.

Both girls were wet enough that they were dripping their juices onto the bed sheets below them. This was certainly going to need to be washed before Jade got home.

"Do us from behind! Please," Katie whispered in his ear after breaking her lesbian kiss.

There wasn't any chance he could last very long inside either of them but he nodded. They knew it too and just wanted one last go with him for the night. They both arranged themselves in front of, asses up in the air, hands and knees on the bed.

Mark grabbed a hold of Katie's round behind, looking at her puffy lips in between her cheeks as he penetrated her once again. This time, it slid in with no issue at all, she was completely soaking now.

She moaned as Mark thrusted with serious pace. His fingers moved across to Cara's pussy, not wanting to leave her alone without any attention.

For the next few minutes, he switched back and fourth between the girls. They both moaned in ecstasy as he pounded them from behind. The smacking of her ass cheeks up against his body got louder and louder as he kept thrusting inside them.

"AWHHHH FUCK!" Cara screamed as he felt himself ready a point of no return.

He was exhausted, the girls were too. That feeling inside his cock was a familiar one.

"Let me finish on you both!" he said, pulling out of Cara's pussy.

He knew. He was about to cum.

Grabbing a tight hold around his shaft, Mark began jerking himself off as fast as he possibly could. The two girls positioned themselves in front of him, around the other way now.

They both had a hold of their breasts, squeezing them in front of him like a couple of great big targets. One blonde, one brunette and one very big load about to burst from inside him.

"Give it to us baby..." Katie pouted.

"He's gonna blow right now," Cara said.

The blonde knew what she was talking about, in just seconds, Mark felt himself letting it all out.

The first spurt of cum hit Katie right on the neck. He tried his best to control the rest of it, aiming for their tits. Mark felt like he had that much inside him that he could cover them both white.

"Oooh!" Cara let out as she felt his ejaculate hitting her on the chest.

With his mouth wide open, Mark let all of it out. Every drop until the last couple just leaked from the tip.

"What a fucking mess," Cara laughed.

Katie giggled with her, scooping up some white ejaculate from her heavy breasts, "Told you."

Mark didn't remember much after that. The details were blurry, his head spinning. Just moments after the threesome encounter, he passed out on top of the bed.

***

Saturday Morning

The following morning, Mark laid in the queen sized bed awkwardly positioned in the middle of the two girls he slept with last night. He opened up his eyes, not being able to move too fast without giving himself a serious headache. Turning his face to the left, he bumped it into one of the girls feet.

Cara had been sleeping the opposite way, her feet right next to Mark's head all night. She was laying on top of the sheets, wearing nothing at all besides an oversized t-shirt that she took from Jade 's closest before going to bed. From his viewing point, Mark could see her vagina as her legs were slightly spread out and the shirt hiked up just above her hips.

The room was truly a mess, there were clothes spread out over the floor.

Suddenly the door opened up and Jade walked inside. She had taken about two steps forward before stopping dead in her tracks.

Now awake, Mark tried sitting up in the bed, a little unsure what to even say at this point.

"What the hell happened here," she said, standing in her own bedroom as if she was just a guest.

Mark shrugged as Cara began to wake up, lifting her head up slowly down the other end of the bed. She looked up groggily at her friend's sister, "Hi," she said with a croaky voice.

"Uh Hi Cara," Jade replied, still confused, "Any reason why whatever this is, happened in my room and not in Katie's?"

"Katie's room was taken," Cara said before putting her head back down on a pillow, not ready to wake up properly yet.

Jade dropped her bag down by the side of the bed before making an exit. She took one more look at the three half asleep on the bed on her way out, "I'm going to have a shower, if you can all be out of here in the next fifteen minutes, it'd be much appreciated.

After watching he leave her own bedroom, Mark woke Katie up and tried to get the girls out of the room, all to please Jade. Just by the way she looked and appearing unexpectedly on a Saturday morning, it appeared that something was not right.

While picking up his own clothes off the messy floor, Mark could feel his phone vibrating. Taking it out, his heart dropped, he had completely forgotten about driving his mother to her appointment. It was already 9am, half an hour after he was originally meant to drive her. He had already missed multiple phone called.

In an insane dash, he threw on his clothes from last night and rushed out of the bedroom. To some people, it was just a honest mistake, but to his parents, he may as well have committed a crime.

Two words... Dead man.

As fun as last night was, he was about to face the consequences for it. Before he could get downstairs, he heard the shower running from behind the bathroom door. He couldn't help but think about Jade behind that door, her nude form underneath the running water.

Mark had to shake his head to wake himself up. Even after what he did with her sister and friend, his mind was still going to one place.

Sometimes it's the forbidden fruit that tastes the sweetest...
