By Bhuralund@gmail.com


One of my gay friends - Ron - just finished his training as a couture hair dresser. My wife and I know him as he used to work with me before he came out of closet. He was very frustrated as he couldn't find anyone to model for him for his final "hair-art" award mostly because his credibility as a hair dresser was not yet established and none of the friends had seen any example of his work. It didn't help much that he was black, thin and very ugly. My wife too didn't want to get her lovely long hair ruined by his what-could-be weird experiment. 

One weekend he was over at our house and asked her again. When she aid no flatly, he broke up and started crying. Now he is a huge man. And he is not very young either. So to see a 50 year old macho looking man hold his head in his hands and cry like a baby was too much for my wife. She rolled her eyes heavenwards and agreed to be his model. He was needless to say very happy and set up an appointment for the next weekend. He needed some time as he was to book a photographer and videographer who would record the event as evidence of his work.

Friday night is usually our night to have sex and we fuck like bunnies. That night too I blasted my nuts three times in my wife's hairy cunt and since we had been drinking wine, she just sort of passed without even douching her cum-filled pussy. Anyway, the next day, I somehow managed to wake up as I wanted to bring the kids to my mother-in-law's place to avoid curious questions that could only make my wife nervous before Ron and his photographer came over. My wife was up too and as I was getting ready, I noticed she was having another drink - a gin and tonic. When I asked her why, she rolled her eyes again and said, "So that I don't notice how Ron is ruining my hair," and gulped the entire drink in one shot and prepared another one. I didn't want to be late so I just left. However, even though I was going to stay with my two children their grandma & grandpa decided to take them to the zoo for the day leaving me free to return home. 

Because of some accident, I got stuck in a jam and took about one hour to reach home. 

Just as I was turning the key to open the door, I heard a voice - a male voice, "Yeah, just pretend you are licking her nipples...no..just touch her hard nipple with your tongue a little more...yeah...go on flick her nipple a bit to make it harder...and use your thumb and forefinger to pinch her other nipple...awesome...your black skin on her white tit looks fantastic...I am sure we can make tones of money selling these photos on the net."

I was shocked. What the fuck was going on. First I thought of calling the police in but then I didn't want to jeopardize my own friend Ron so I went around the house and entered noiselessly by the backdoor through the kitchen. The set-up was in the living room and I could see the camera and video set up - the lights, tripods and wires everywhere. Then I saw my wife. She was knocked down - probably by last nights booze and the top up of gin and tonic this morning. She was slumped down on the lounge and her blouse was pulled up revealing her big milky white breasts. And there besides her, on his knees, was Ron, wearing only a tight lycra cycling shorts, his broad black, chiseled chest shining in the cameraman's spotlight. He was licking my wife's big hard brown nipples as directed by the photographer, an ageing south-Indian black man wearing safari shorts and a white t-shirt. He was moving around taking pictures of Ron and my wife in various positions. Although I had cum three times last night, my seven-inch cock sprang up again.

I would say curiosity got better of me and I stayed put to see what other directions the "director" would give Ron.

"Okay, buddy...go slow, or she might wake up and ruin our fortune...yeah...slowly, pull all of your tongue out and slowly lap her entire breast...leave your saliva all over her...make her tit shine and wet...yeah that's good..." then the photographer stopped and changed the lens.

"Enough tit sucking for now. What I want you to do now, is to slowly part her legs apart...yeah, slowly...hold on there. I want this shot of your black hand on her white thigh and that slight peek of her cotton panties underneath. Perfect. Got it...yeah, let's move on...part the legs some more...slowly...move the right leg aside I can't see her cunt...that's better...now just spread her legs as wide as possible...awesome...fuck... that's super hot....now pull the skirt up. Yeah, that's it...move it al the way up...let it lie folded at her waist...wow...man, Ron, do you see the thick bush she is hiding under that sheer panty...fuck man, you should style it for her you know...as a special treat...she being our money-making machine."

Ron laughed nervously and twiddled his thumbs till the new barrage of directions came his way.

"Let's get to work and finish as much as possible before she gets back...hey Ron. Why don't you cover her up quickly and give her another drink," the photographer whispered, fumbling in his pockets for something and handing a foil to Ron, he added with a wink, "and make sure that you dissolve this pill in the drink so that she would stay the stoned for a longer time."

Ron took the pill with trembling hands and turned to the kitchen. I barely had enough time to hide from my betraying friend. Soon, Ron went back to the living room and I heard him shake my wife harshly, "My dear, yeah, this is Ron, here drink some orange juice and you will feel better." Although my wife didn't budge, Mahadev - that's what the photographer's name was - moved forward, took the glass in his hand and tilting all of its content in my wife's mouth. With the other hand he pinched her nose so that even drunken she had no choice but to swallow everything.

They gave her five minutes to settle in her induced slumber and then Mahadev was back at it. "Quick get her in the same position, blouse pulled up to spill the tits, skirt all the way up...and yeah, now Ron...just be a sport and part her panty a little bit...just so that I can see her thick cunt bush...yeah...hold it there. Click."

"Hey man," I heard Ron's quivering voice, "I don't feel good doing this. You know, she is my friend's wife after all."

"Fucking asshole, you shit face, don't you do that to me," Mahadev retorted, "You brought me here for free...I cancelled two shoots for you and here, your FRIEND'S WIFE was all plastered and not even ready for us...what's the harm if I make some money when she is not even around? Don't be a fucking prude or I will walk away right now if you don't do what I ask you too."

Ron just hung his head down and I felt sad for him. I almost went out to tell him, I was okay...in fact I was more than okay...I WANTED to see them take pictures of my drunken wife. I shouldn't have worried much because Ron made up his mind rather quickly and did as he was told. Soon he was pulling my wife's cotton panties off her legs revealing a thick untrimmed bush.

"Oh fuck, that's one hell of a cunt there you got Ron. See dried fucking cum all over her thighs and in her cunt bush...seems like she was fucked good last night and didn't care to clean up...there you go...clean her up a bit will you?"

Ron took it literally and started licking my dried cum off her thighs and even sucked on her hairy bush to extract the dried cum off. I must have cum a lot because there was cum everywhere. Then I saw Ron sniffing my wife's cunt like a dog.

"You faggot, smelt sperm and got your hormones up...huh...fucking cocksucker...lap her cunt lips up and down slowly...yeah...push that faggot tongue of yours inside her love tunnel...there you go...what did you find in there...some of the left over cum? Fuck how much did her husband came in her...or maybe she got gangbanged by a bunch of cocks...who...hold it I wanna take a shot of that thick glob of cum dribbling out of her cunt...now I want you to finger fuck her...yeah lube your finger with you spit and push it in...slowly...yeah...in and out...fuck her with you long black finger...all the way in...yeah...now push two fingers inside...great...make it three...yeah...that's nice...her cunt is stretched...good. Okay I am done...now I want to take some shots of your crotch...stand up close to her so that your crotch is same level with her pussy...yeah...fucking faggot, how come you got a hard one sucking a woman's cunt? Never mind since you are hard already...pull your cock out...yeah...fuck, your cock is awesome brother. I never expected you to have a 10...eh...or is it 11 inch long cock...fucking hell. It must be at least 6 inch thick...fuck I am gonna mint money with this black uncut cock of yours and this hairy slutty cunt...yeah...let your monster cock dangle next to her pussy...fucker, your precum is drooling all over her thighs...can you push the strings of precum with your purple cockhead towards her pussy...yeah...rub that purple cockhead up and down her pussy...one more time..."

"Now just pull her pussy lips apart...there that's a nice view...pink cunt tunnel spread open by black hands...now just put the tip of your cock inside her cunt...okay, okay, don't fuck your friend's wife...but just place your cock head inside...yeah like that. Good. Can you push just one more inch inside to make a nice pic...yeah...cool...I mean hot...one more inch...stay put....hey man, you pushed more than half of your 11 inch cock inside already...I said inch by inch..."

Just then there was a knock at the door. Mahadev made Ron stay put and went to see through the peephole. Then he turned around and said, "Fuck there's a dirty black garbage collector outside, with the recycled garbage bag...shall we let him in...then I can make him pose for a few pictures with her...we'll pay him a little bit..."

Before Ron could say anything, Mahadev had let the garbage collector in. I was horrified as the black garbage collector - a black Nigerian called Sprata- always irritates my wife and she can't stand him at all. He is like 70 year old and never keeps himself clean. Every Saturday, when he comes for collecting glass bottles etc. the entire house reeks of garbage for a while. Anyway, after exchanging a few words, Sprata walked in, grinning ear to ear and showing some missing teeth. His dirty overalls were stained beyond repair. He saw Ron standing there with his entire purple cock in my drunken wife's pussy and took half of his overall off in a second. Sweat stains marked his entire body and he pulled out a shabby looking cock which was immensely wide - thicker than my wrist and very long - 10 inches in its deflated state.

Ron looked mesmerized at Sprata's monster cock, even bigger and thicker than his own impressive cock. Automatically, Ron pulled out of my wife's cunt and went down on his knees, his mouth twitching. He old man didn't care a hoot...I think we just wanted a warm mouth on his cock. He slapped Ron's face with his thick fat cock a few times and left a trail of sticky gooey precum like a shiny river on his black face. Ron licked his thick nigger lips and tentatively licked Sprata's hairy black scrotum. It twitched as the old sperm inside yawned and got ready to spurt out. Sprata let Ron suck his cock till it was rock hard and then pushed him away. I reckon he was getting impatient to let his anaconda sink its venom full mouth in my wife's cunt. 

Unlike Ron, Sprata didn't need any directions from Mahadev and plunged in my wife's soapy cunt already lubricated by Ron's sticky precum. I saw in erotic horror as the smelly dirty cock hit bottom inside my lovely wife's pussy. Sprata waited for a minute while catching his breath and I think also to let his dirty pubic hair mingle with my wife's thick long haired cunt bush. Then started an assault of my wife's pussy like I had never seen. Sprata fucked the brains out of my wife's spasming pussy like he was a breeding bull implanting his potent mature seeds inside a cow. Ron sat down and clamed his thick lips at the base of my wife's pussy. Each time Sprata's magnificent black cock tore through my wife's pussy, Ron would lick the joint of Sprata's cock and my wife's pussy...this must have ignited the black balls churning sperm overtime in Sprata's low hanging balls which were slapping Ron's chin like a swinging pendulum. After an awesome fucking for ten minutes, Sprata howled like a primitive tribal and jammed his cock till his curly grey pubes were mashing my wife's pussy mound and jerked involuntarily as his balls emptied their sperms in my wife. He stayed motionless for a few minutes and as he pulled out, a flood of thick white cream started spilling out. Ron lapped all up straight from my wife's pussy like a hungry dog. As the garbage collected zipped up and left the room, Ron pointed his fat purple cock at my wife's gaping pussy and let a thick rope of his faggot cum land straight inside her hole. In all seven scalding hot jets landed deep inside her when Ron was satisfied.
Mahadev passed the camera to Ron and pulled out his dripping uncut Indian cock without even taking his shorts off. He fucked my wife with wanton abandon and within seconds he too blasted his nut in my well fucked drunken wife. Then he moved to Ron and made him suck his cum-coated cock clean.

I thought the ordeal was over. And in a way it was because both Ron and Mahadev then went out for a smoke. I sneaked out of my hiding corner, my achingly hard cock still waiting its release...but first I knelt down and licked her meaty and puffed pussy lips. I lapped her pussy till every single drop of Ron and Mahadev's cum had been sucked out and then when I was about to fuck her, I heard the two men walk back. Quickly I walked back to my hiding corner.

Mahadev looked surprised, "Fuck where the hell did all the cum go? I was going to take a shot of her creampied pussy? Don't tell me that we have to fuck her again." 

But my wife stirred a little and Ron got a worried look on his face. He jumped up and quickly cleaned my wife and made her presentable. As if on cue, my wife stirred again and opened her eyes groggily. She saw Ron and Mahadev and realized that she had been sleeping. Smiling weekly, she pulled herself up and said, "Jeez Ron, I am terribly sorry that I blacked out...we had been drinking whole night. Sorry to have spoiled your session too. I think I am to worn out today...do you want to come next weekend?"

Ron looked at Mahadev, the two fuckers smiled and said almost in unison, "No problem!" I heard that and involuntarily spurted my waiting load in my pants. 

End.