Alice rises from bed, surveying the room even before her feet have touched the floor. 

Tarrant is no longer lying on the sofa across from her; instead the bedding he’d used is neatly folded and stacked on one end, in preparation for tonight, she supposes. She can’t help the feeling of disappointment that nearly overcomes her at his absence. Still, this is better. Had he been in here when she had awakened, and had he been lying there, sleeping soundly... she no doubt would have been tempted to move closer to him, caress his face or kiss his temple or something equally capable of leading to some forbidden More. 

She would have liked the opportunity to have watched him sleep, though. Last night, she’d thought that if she stayed awake just long enough, she’d be able to see him in slumber. 

Instead Alice had listened as he had tossed, turned, and mumbled into the sofa cushions, until she had been unable to bear the sounds of his distress any longer. 

“Can’t sleep?” she’d called out softly. Movement from the sofa had abruptly ceased. A guilty silence had filled the air. Then he had sighed and admitted: 

“No. The excitement of the day…” 

But Alice hadn’t believed that was the entire story. She had waited in silence, knowing that if she did, he would eventually fill that silence. 

Tarrant had not disappointed her. “And… our Lock is ready. For the Doors to our Hearts.” A rustling had told her he was turning once more, and she ’d wondered just how uncomfortable that sofa must be. 

“Where?” Alice had never thought to ask that question before, and felt the shame of it. 

“The West Wing. Fourth Floor. The Round Tower. Humbert told me the morning of the Hedgehog Chase that it was ready.” 

He’d not said the words accusingly, but Alice could still feel the sting of guilt pierce her chest. Their Lock had been ready that long? And he’d not spoken a word to her of it. No, wait...he had mentioned it to her, when she’d been speaking to Sir Geoffrey in the corridor, but her dander had been so high that she hadn’t bothered to really listen to what it was that he’d been saying... had that been only yesterday? 

But why had he not said anything before that moment? Why had it taken his Jealousy (for Alice can recognize, now, that is what had driven him to dictate to her in such a manner) for him to even mention to her that the Lock had prepared? Could it be that he’d been waiting for her to ask him about it? That made a horrible sort of sense... especially after feeling the depth and breadth of his emotions pouring forth from the Crown. He’d wanted her to want to know about it, to take the initiative to ask him, to Care enough to ask… 

There is nothing she could have said that would have been a sufficient apology. To offer those words to him then would have been an insult, a salve for her own hurting conscious; it would not have benefited him in the least. Instead, she had said, “Would you like to go to-morrow?” 

Tarrant had been silent so long that Alice had suspected that he may have drifted into slumber, after all. But then he’d said, very softly, “I should like that very much, my Alice.” 

No longer able to keep her eyes open, Alice had at last allowed them to slip closed, had said, for the second time that night, in a voice even she had recognized as thick with sleep, “Goodnight, Tarrant.” 

“Goodnight, Alice, my dear,” he’d said back to her, and just as sleep claimed her, she thought she could hear him add the words, “My wife…” in a hushed and disbelieving tone. 

And so, despite her intentions, she had not seen him with his eyes closed and tension gone and relaxed in the warmth of his dreams. But p erhaps tonight… 

Yes, tonight, she will see him sleep. 

She walks over to her wardrobe to examine her two available outfits, one of which being the gingham dress she’d worn to the Lobster Quadrille the day before. (She’ll have to find something to change into before they go to their Door, that’s for sure! She can’t walk around all day in…in…this thing and its horrid memories!) Alice dresses quickly in the blue gown she ’d worn the night before and ties her hair back with a hastily knotted ribbon. Scraggles of hair escape, but it is the best she can do on her own, and she is not about to invite someone else into their honeymoon suite! Not today, the morning after the first night that they’d spent together! 

Not that they’d spent it as all the silly, gossiping courtiers had no doubt thought they had, but it had still been time for them. Time for just he and she. Alice rather likes the idea of it being just for him and for her; the newly acknowledged possessiveness towards Tarrant positively purrs at the thought of them sitting together, no chaperone caterwauling at them, where they can simply laugh and joke and be themselves without the expectations of others hanging over them! They can— 

Rounding the corner into their sitting area, Alice is stunned to see Chessur in the chair opposite Tarrant, the chair that she’s imagined herself sitting in not a moment before, sipping tea out of what should be her cup, eating her delicacies! And worst of all, most unpardonable of all, occupying the attention of her husband! 

“Chessur,” she says, almost unforgivably churlish. 

“Alice,” both Cat and Hatter announce at the same time. Tarrant stands, walks over to her, leads her back to the table, shoos Chessur from her seat, pours her tea and hands her a buttered piece of bread, all in the span of a few moments. Her head is quite dizzy from such a flurry of activity. Could Tarrant be… a morning person? In her current frame of mind, with Sleep still clinging to her eyes, her stomach growling, and the unexpected company, it seems an almost unpardonable offense. 

“Are you ready to go to the tower?” Tarrant asks brightly, biting into a heavily buttered piece of brown bread. 

Holding up a hand to beg for a moment of silence, she carefully picks up her tea cup, takes a long sip, lowers it, and then looks across the table at her husband. He takes another bite of his brown bed, watching her through his tamed brows. Blinking, Alice sees that they’ve been carefully combed back, and that his hair, still dark and wet from his morning ablutions, brushes his shirt collar. She can feel her tongue dart out and touch her upper lip, and scolds herself for acting like a child that has just spotted a sweet. 

“I was going to ask you if I could borrow a pair of trousers and a shirt,” Alice says, her thoughts still moving sluggishly. Another gulp of tea, a sigh, and then she opens her eyes to see both Chessur and Tarrant staring at her. She hadn’t answered the question, had she? 

“Oh! I mean, I don’t have anything to wear that is not…” She does not particularly want to mention the stained and juice-splattered dress currently hanging in their wardrobe—when Tarrant is occupied, she’s going to burn that dress!—and says instead, “I don’t have anything to wear.” 

Chessur grins salaciously, the corners of his mouth positively curling circles around themselves. “Tarrant, you dog …and here you led me to believe that you and our young Champion had not—” 

“Yes! Of course!” Clearing his throat and giving Chessur a look that communicates very clearly that if one more word is uttered unpleasant things will occur, Tarrant says, “I thought you were provided with an outfit to wear last night, Alice. In fact, you are wearing it right now.” 

Alice thinks that Tarrant is being particularly generous with his use of the word 'wearing'. The gown, when laced, buttoned, and tied, is lovely indeed. As it sits on her frame now, though...the back gapes open, one shoulder or the other continues to insist on sliding down her shoulders, and a disturbing breeze she had not felt the night before whilst donning the dress tickles the backs of her knees. It is only staying on her person through the creative use of a length of ribbon that must have fallen out of Tarrant's pocket and, Alice is convinced, her own sheer force of will. 

“I don’t particularly wish to wear my wedding dress whilst moving items from my rooms to here. I suppose I could, though, if you’d lace me back up?” 

Setting down the teacup he’d lifted, Tarrant sits back, head tilted to the side. “From your rooms to here?” he says, ignoring her comment about lacing. Alice hopes he doesn’t take it as a tempting statement—she is trying to be good this morning! Feeling awkward, she continues with: 

“Well… yes. We didn’t discuss it, but I thought… these rooms are ours for the next two weeks, are they not? I suppose… I could continue to stay in my rooms, and you in yours, but…” 

“No!” A strong hand reaches out and grasps her own. In the early morning light, Alice can see the red-gold hairs that dust his knuckles, the small creases that are not just from work or chemicals, but from age as well. “That is… no. If you wish to remain in this suite, I would… I would like that as well. Very much so!” 

“That’s settled then!” Alice gulps, wondering how she could possibly be aroused just the sight of the man’s knuckles . “We’ll each go to our own rooms this morning, move whatever we may require for the next few weeks here…” She dishes a delicious looking egg onto her plate followed by two slices of toasted bread as she continues, “Do you want to meet again for lunch, and then go to investigate our Rooms?” 

“That sounds equitable, my dear wife,” Tarrant says, then pauses, knife poised to slice his tomato. He sets down the utensil. “I’m sorry, Alice, I… that was presumptuous of me to say...” 

Warm under her hand, his sleeve almost seems to be a living part of him. She strokes it with her thumb. “You needn’t ever apologize for calling me by an endearment, Tarrant. Most especially one that is true.” Bright, bright green eyes stare into her own, unblinking. He half-stands, begins to lean forward, and Alice has just enough time to wonder if he’ll kiss her, and if he does, where, when an inelegant snort breaks the moment. 

Chessur. She’d forgotten about him. 

“If you two are going to go your separate ways, then my presence is no longer required. Same time to-morrow morning, Tarrant?” 

Before Alice can raise a protest, Tarrant is agreeing. “Yes, thank you, Chess.” 

“Until then,” Chessur grins. “Ta-ta!” And, with a nod, dissipates. 

“To-morrow?” She raises a brow. 

“Erm. Yes. I thought that… perhaps… I think, in the morning, it would be… best… if there were another party present.” 

Still not grasping his meaning, Alice furrows her brows, frowns. “I’m not sure I follow you, Tarrant.” 

“Perhaps I am not being a very good leader.” Reaching for the pudding and avoiding her eyes, Tarrant says, “In the mornings, men often… that is, their bodies… well, I should not speak for all men, but I…” 

Alice thinks she understands. 

“Oh!” It seems she had been correct; Tarrant is a morning person. Her curiosity wrestles with her promise to not tempt Tarrant, and loses, for the time being. “ Every morning?” she asks. 

A flush on his cheeks, Tarrant picks up his water glass, lifts it, and mumbles something that could be understood as an affirmative. 

They both sit in silence now thick was a certain level of expectation for several tense minutes. Then Alice stands, and says, “Perhaps having Chessur here in the mornings... would be for the best, then.” She walks to his side of the table, busses his cheek, and says, “I am going to get started on my errands so we ’l l have the whole of the afternoon. Do you mind if I borrow your extra shirt and trousers for now?” 

“You now have access to whatever I possess that you may wish,” Tarrant assures her with a smile so handsome that she rewards it with another kiss. “Well, except...” 

Alice just laughs. “Except, yes. For now.” 

Tarrant shudders, and Alice marvels at the power she wields over him as she issues that Promise between them. 

“Fourteen days, my wife.” 

“Yes,” she agrees. “Fourteen days...”