Hello ISS readers and contributors. I am Rahul, 22 years old with a gun of 5.7 inches length. I live in Delhi. Well, I am a huge fan of ISS, specially its incest section.

This story is about my cousin sister, Vidhi who lives in Noida. She is 29 years old and her figure is 36 34 38. She has got wonderful assets. Her milky, juicy boobs and big round ass can arouse anyone easily.

This story starts when I and Tai ji Di's mother went to see her and give her company as her husband my Jiju was out of town for a month long tour. Di generally remains at home and usually wears low cut tees and leggings or pajamas.

Her clothes make her look sexier and often reveal her cleavage and her ass looks very attractive in fitted leggings. I used to admire her big round ass as she walked around the house and that gave my dick a really hard time.

It was around a week for us since we came here at Di's home. Tai ji was about to leave next morning due to her personal commitments and asked me to stay with di else she would be alone at home and that's not safe.

I happily agreed to it and how could I have turned down this lucrative opportunity! So, this meant, me and di were alone at home for another three weeks. Next morning di came to my room to wake me up. It was around 7 am.

Di: Rahul! Rahul! Get up dear. Maa ko metro tak chor kar aana hai na.
As I opened my eyes and I got a wonderful view of my di's big tits. They seemed to come out of her top. I could almost see half of her boobs as she was bending down towards me and for the first time

I was seeing her tits so closely. I got an erection and to hide my bulge I pulled up the blanket. Di greeted me good morning with a cute smile. She asked me to get ready soon.

I got ready and we went to drop tai ji to metro in my car while coming back home, I noticed di's big boobs as she was sitting beside me. Her boobs looked so awesome and huge from sideways.

I got reminded of that morning incident and that erected my penis. I just wanted to feel her big, juicy boobs and suck her nipples. So, many wild thoughts started coming in my mind about her then

I saw that di was itching her lower abdomen area. I have been noticing her doing that from quite a few days. Maybe, pussy hairs were bothering her as she noticed that I was looking at her

She slowly shifted her hand to her pocket and took out her cell phone to distract my attention after, about 5 minutes we reached home in the evening, as I was getting bored I asked her to play badminton with me.

She agreed and we went to the badminton court, downstairs every time she hit the shuttle, her boobs bounced. I couldn't get my eyes of her boobs. Sight of her bouncing boobs was driving me crazy.

After a few sets, we decided to walk around. Di told me that she had played badminton after a long time and she enjoyed it a lot. We talked about other things but I was curious to know that what was causing itching in her lower abdomen area. I started diplomatically and finally asked her.

Me: Di, I don't know if I should ask you this or not. It's a bit personal.
Di: It's ok Rahul, you can ask me, I won't mind.
Me: Di, I have been noticing from quite a few days that you are feeling uncomfortable with that lower abdomen area is anything troubling you?

Di: (She smiled at me) Yeah Rahul, you are right. Actually hairs down there are causing me too much itching.

Me: Di, why don't you get rid of them?

Di: Yes, I want to but can't. I am afraid that I may get a cut as I don't know how to use razor. Your Jiju use to cut them for me. But, since he is not here I have to wait for another three weeks to get rid of them.

She smiled and I said ok and we headed towards home. We had our supper. I watched TV with di and then I greeted her good night and started moving towards my room.

Di: Mere room me hi so jaa. Mujhe akele darr lagta hai.
Me: Ok di and then I moved to her room. She came after few minutes after cleaning kitchen and was wearing a pajama and loose top.

I noticed that she was not wearing a bra as her nipples could be seen over her top. She looked so sexy in that outfit. She lied beside me and we started talking about my college, her life and other general topics.

I noticed that her pubic hairs were causing her itching as she was scratching them. Then, she suddenly asked me-
Di: Rahul, do you cut your hairs by yourself?

I knew which hairs she was talking about and was pretty surprised to that question. But since she is quite frank with me, I didn't hesitate to answer that question.

Me: Yes di, I cut them by myself and quite regularly. I know how much itching they cause.
Then after a pause she said something what I didn't expected to listen.

Di: Can you please cut mine also. They are causing me too much itching and I can't bear that anymore. Please for a moment I was speechless. I didn't know what to say.

Me: Di, are you sure?
Di: Yeah dear, Mai aur itching nahi seh sakti please. I said ok and asked her to come to bathroom and she readily followed me.

Then she slid down her pyjama and panty just to reveal het pubic hairs.
Me: Di, aapko pura utarna padega otherwise mai kaat ni paunga aur aapke kapde bhi gande ho jaenge.

I was sitting on knees and was waiting for the lovely view of her pussy. Then, she took support of my shoulder to bend down.  When she bended down, her boobs touched my face and I saw her bare boobs so closely.

Because she was not wearing any bra I got an amazing view of her tits. Her face was now touching my face from sideways. She soon removed her under pants completely.

She then gave a little kiss on my cheeks and said araam se kaatna, babu. It was the first time, I was felt her lips on my cheeks. I was completely aroused. Now her pussy and bare legs were totally exposed in front of me.

Her thighs were so smooth and I just wanted to taste her pussy there and then. I was losing my control but somehow managed my feelings. I grabbed her ass cheek with my left hand and started applying water on her pussy hairs.

Her ass was so soft and I was deliberately pressing her ass as I applied water. I was enjoying the touch when I looked at di while doing this and she gave me naughty smile and I smiled back at her and I took shaving cream and applied on her hairs.

I started creating foam with the brush and when I did this, she giggled and said deere babu, gudgudi ho ri hai but I didn't stop. I was still feeling her ass and moving my hand around her thighs too.

I saw that her eyes were closed and she was squeezing her top. I took razor and started shaving her hairs. I often put my thumb on her pussy lips to stretch her skin and got a wonderful view of her pink pussy.

I also rubbed her clit and heard a moan from her as I looked at her, she had her eyes closed and was biting her lips. It provoked me more. I started rubbing her clit with my thumb slowly while shaving and she also seemed to enjoy my moves.

She was also feeling the pleasure by now when I again moved fingers around her pussy lips, I felt some wet liquid around there. Soon, I finished shaving. Her pussy was looking more adorable and smooth after shaving.

I cleaned her pubic area and pussy with the tissue. She wore her panty but not the pyjama.
Me: Ab kaisa lag ra hai di?

She came close to me and kissed me on my cheeks and said-
Di: Thank you dear, you have really relieved me and gave me cute smile.
Me: No need to thank you di, I am happy that you are feeling good now and smiled back.

We then went into bedroom and she was still in her panty only. I was feeling so horny by then and my dick was giving me very hard time. Well guys, this is only the trailer you just confronted. There is lot more interesting story ahead. So read Part-II of the story and I'm sure you are going to love it.
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!



Hello ISS readers and contributors. Guys, if you haven't read the Part I of the story, then, I would suggest that you should. Your excitement will be multiplied. So, here I continue with my story.

I finished shaving Di's pussy, she gave me a kiss on my cheeks and then we went to bedroom. She was just wearing her panty and a top.

She sat along bed rest, stretched her legs and closed her eyes. I was looking at her bare legs. They were so smooth and hairless. I sat facing her and kept my right hand on her thighs and asked-

Me: Di ab to itching nahi ho ri na?
She opened her eyes and held my hand kept on her thigh, pulled my cheek with her hand and said-

Di: Sach me Rahul, ab bohat acha lag ra hai. Tumne kitni ache se mere baal kaate. Itni ache se to tere jiju bi ni kaat te!
Me: By the way di, aap ek baar fitkari se massage kar lena. Shaving ke baad krna chahiye.

Di: Nahi Rahul, mere ko use bot jalan hoti hai.
Me: Ok den, aap Vaseline se massage kr sakte ho. Usse jalan bhi ni hogi.
Di: Tune itne ache se shaving ki hai. Tu hi massage kr de and she smiled

Me: Ok di but aap thoda aage shift ho jao. Mai aapke piche baith kr jyada comfortably massage kr paunga. Meri knees me thoda pain ho ra hai, as I was sitting on my knees while shaving.

Di: then kept her left hand on my thighs and her right hand on my knees and started rubbing my knees.
Di: Sorry babu, I didn't realized that you were sitting on your knees throughout.

Then she shifted forward and I brought Vaseline lotion and sat behind her taking support of the bed rest. I slowly stretched my legs and now her bare thighs were touching my thighs and her back was touching my chest and stomach.

This gave me an erection. I held her stomach from side and adjusted myself so that she couldn't feel my erected dick.
Me: Di thoda sa upar hona aapki panty nikalni hai.

Then she held my thighs and lifted herself up. I leaned forward to remove her panty. As I did this, I felt her ass and her thighs with my hands all the way.

Afterwards, she kept her legs over mine so that I can massage her pubic area easily. Now her bare ass and thighs were touching my bare thighs. My dick was getting harder.  

I wrapped my left hand around her stomach and leaned over her. My chin was touching her shoulder. I took some cream in my right hand and started massaging her pubic area.

She closed her eyes and rested her head on my shoulder. I was massaging her slowly and at the same time, moving my hand around her stomach and often kept my hand on her thighs.

Her skin became so smooth after shaving. I was completely lost in her. She was lying on me as if she had surrendered herself to me and taking advantage of the situation.

I took a brave step and rubbed her clit with my fingers as soon as I did this, she moaned in ecstasy aahhh. She moved her head along my shoulder. I kept rubbing her clit.

I could feel the pre cum outside her pussy lips. She was moaning a lot. Aassshhh uumm and I inserted my middle finger inside her pussy. She lifted her ass and pushed herself on me and moaned in acceptance. I asked her, aapko acha to lag ra hai na?

Di: Aaah, uummm, haan babu bas aise hi karte raho. Aahhh sshh ummm.
She was moving forward and backward with the movements of my fingers in her pussy. I kissed her on neck, gave her love bites and was fingering her continuously.

I moved my left hand inside her top and grabbed her right boob. I pressed it gently. She was by now, moaning a lot and continuously pushing herself on me and was rubbing my thighs. Her boobs were very soft and her nipples were so tight.

I kept kissing on her neck and cheeks after few minutes, a louder and longer moan came from her and she cum and cum heavily. She had her orgasm.
She turned her head towards me and I kissed her lips.

She sneaked her tongue inside my mouth. We were totally involved in each other. I put both my hands inside her top and started pressing her boobs and rubbing her nipples with my thumbs.

She held my hands from outside her top and pressed them harder on her boobs. Her boobs had become tight by now. We smooched for, around 5 minutes and I removed her top.

She was completely naked and her bare back was touching my vest. Then, I made her lie down on the bed. I was coming to recline over her and she held my vest and removed it too.

We again smooched and played with each other's tongue and I was pressing her boobs. She put her hands inside my boxers and started pressing my ass. Then, I slid down and grabbed her boob with my hand and started sucking other with my mouth.

I rolled my tongue around her nipples and she moaned in excitement. She was enjoying a lot and was pressing my head hard on her boobs. I was rubbing her thighs and pressing her ass with another hand.

I was holding her boob and pressing it harder. I was all happening for me. After few minutes of sucking her boob, I got up and removed my boxers. We both were naked in front of each other.

I sat on her stomach and kept my dick between her boobs. Di looked at me and said tera to tere jiju se bhi mota hai. I said di ab aapki baari hai mujhe maze dene ki

I grabbed her tits, pressed them onto each other and started moving in forward and backward motion. Di held my ass and started pressing it hard. We both were moaning in pleasure.

I cum after couple of minutes and my cum was all over her breast. She rubbed my cum over her boobs. I gain lie down on her and we started to kiss each other. My dick was touching her pussy and I could feel her wet pussy.

She stated moving her ass and her pussy was now rubbing over my dick. Our bodies became super hot. We were smooching wildly and soon my dick became hard again then di said-

Di: Babu, ab please aur mat tadpao. Aaaahhh uuuumm

She was still rubbing her pussy against my dick. Then I held my dick and placed on her pussy lips.

I gave her a forward stroke and my half dick went inside her pussy. Her pussy was super hot and wet. She moaned in pleasure and pain. Then, I again stroked her harder and pushed my whole dick inside her pussy.

She held me tightly and crossed her legs over me. I also held her and started fucking her slowly.
Di: aaaahhhh uuumm aaah huuhhh ummm yeahhhh ummm

She also started moving her ass with me. I kissed her lips. I was feeling so much pleasure. Our bodies were feeling the warmth of each other. After couple of minutes and I increased my speed. Our moans were now louder and longer.

We both were enjoying the moment then I said, `Di mere jadne waala hai. Kya bahr nikaal lu main and she did not responded with her mouth but tightened her grip around me. Her moans were becoming louder and louder. I further increased my pace.

After, few seconds I cum inside her pussy and filled her pussy with my hot cum. She also cum at the same time as her hot cum touched my dick, my pleasure was on seventh heaven.

Finally she loosened her grip and we lied over each other for few minutes and my dick was still inside her pussy then di kissed my cheeks and said Rahul mujhe bot acha lag ra hai tere saath sex karke.

I love you' I kissed her lips and said I love you too then we had two more rounds of sex and we tried different positions and each of them gave us immense pleasure.

After sex, she wrapped around me, facing my chest and kept her thighs over mine. I could feel her hot cum over my thighs. Her soft boobs were pressing on my chest.

We talked to each other about sex and her first night with Jiju and then we slept in that position itself. So `guys n gals' did you liked my story? Please send me your suggestions and comments on my email id rahulofficial@hotmail.com see you all, soon with another story.
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!