Best Laid Plans (Chapter Twelve)

It really was a lovely night out. The sky was clear and bright and Willow could even see the stars. It was a night beautiful enough to tempt the unwary from their homes and for a moment she actually felt a pang of fear for the less cautious and prudent of Sunnydale’s residents. Not for more than a moment, though, because, frankly...she had other things to think about. Like how nice it felt to hold Angel’s hand. Like how gloriously handsome he looked in the moonlight. Like...how the heck was she going to break the news that she had somehow grabbed the brass ring right out of Buffy’s hand?

This was going to be so much worse than Cordelia and the fluking. Willow stood a good chance of getting staked. Somehow, she didn’t think Buffy was going to pay much mind to the niceties, like Willow being human and not a vampire. Because, really, she didn’t know what Angel’s take was, but Willow remembered the way Buffy’s eyes got that far-away “Angel” look in them when she was talking about Willow going to L.A. and she would bet dollars to doughnuts that poor, besotted Spike came in (again) a distant second to his ex-lover. Buffy was not over her first love no matter what she was doing with Spike.

Angel noticed her shift in mood immediately.”What are you thinking about?” His eyes told her he already knew, but she figured she’d bluff anyway. She hated to be a downer on a beautiful night like this.

“Oh nothing, just...you know...nothing.” And it was Attack of the Lame all over again.

They stopped walking and he pulled her close and chuckled, his mouth against her hair, making it rustle slightly. It felt oddly intimate and Willow was suddenly kind of distracted by a renewed assault by the hormone brigade.

“What am I going to do with you?”

Hmm. Now that was an interesting question. Willow had a couple of ideas actually, none of which, sadly, were germane. Darn.

“What do you mean?” Smooth, Willow. Sure thing he buys the innocent act.

“I know you were thinking about something, Willow. Buffy?”

Curses, foiled again. “Well, kinda, I mean...okay, yeah, I was thinking about Buffy.” She turned serious in a hurry. If they were going to talk about this, she wanted to make sure Angel understood the gravity of the situation right from the get-go. “Look, I know she’s involved with Spike now and all - I believe you about that, ‘cause hey, you’ve got the super vamp senses and all - but I see her face every time anything to do with you comes up and, Angel, she’s still in love with you.”

They stayed where they were standing and Angel seemed lost in thought. For a heart-stopping moment, Willow was terrified that he was having second thoughts - that he wanted to get back together with Buffy after all.

“I guess that will make things a little trickier then, won’t it. But, Willow, that doesn’t change how I feel about her...or about you. We’ll find the words to make her understand, or we won’t, but either way, you’re the one I want and we’ll come up with some way to make things all right.”

Tears were swimming in her eyes as he spoke. Happy tears. Joyful tears. Angel had a choice...and he was choosing Willow. She felt like she could fly. This must have been what Tara felt like when...oh no. Tara. What was she going to tell Tara?

Once again, Angel could sense her spirits falling and knew full well the reason why. This time he didn’t bother with arch pretense. “We’ll figure out the right way for you to tell her, to let her down gently. You still care about her, I know that, and I’ll do my best to help you make sure she doesn’t get hurt by this...by us.”

She wished that could be, that there really was a way to keep Tara from being hurt. Willow would give anything for that kind of magick, but it didn’t exist. Tara loved her, was still in love with her, Willow could see it in the pain-filled glances Tara shot her on those once too-rare occasions when they saw each other lately. And she’d know, no matter what excuse Willow made, Tara would know that something wasn’t there anymore - something that used to be hers but was now someone else’s. Tara was wise like that.

Angel took her hand and they started walking again, silent - each knowing that this was far from an easily-attained happily-ever-after.

“You think this is what Lorne was talking about?” Okay, it was kind of a tangent, but not really. Maybe a little bit, but still...oh sue her. It hurt too much to talk about inflicting more pain on poor Tara after everything she’d been through. First Glory, then Willow’s magick, and now that trip back to boystown that Tara had once feared - the trip Willow had assured her she would never take.

Angel smiled. He seemed glad to leave aside the topic of their respective ex-lovers as well. “Yeah, I think this is exactly what he was talking about.”

“Me, too, because if it is, then all those long pauses and awkward not-saying-what-it-seemed-like-he-was-ab

out-to-say moments make so much more sense than they did before.”
“That they do.”

“So you noticed them, too? Because you seemed so nonchalant and I thought maybe I was imagining the whole stilted-and-secretive thing.”

“No, I noticed. I just don’t have as expressive a face as you do.” His tone was light and teasing and Willow was entranced by the almost carefree quality his features displayed. Maybe his face wasn’t as expressive as hers all the time, but it was expressive right now. In fact, it was beautiful.

He seemed to feel the same way about her. The way he was looking at her set the butterflies in her stomach to fluttering madly.

Suddenly it was his turn to look worried and upset. What happened? Had she done something wrong?

He put his finger to his lips. Gosh but he sure was telling her to be quiet a lot lately. This was just like back in the alley when...oh! Was it Buffy? Her luck could not be that bad, could it?

“Willow, we have to get out of here,” Angel whispered. Unfortunately, they were out in the open with nowhere to easily hide and...

“Well, Angelus, fancy meeting you here.”

Apparently, not only could her luck be that bad, it could be much, much worse.

“Red, what brings you out for a moonlit walk with the souled avenger?” He then made a show of sniffing the air extravagantly. Not for the first time in the last few days was Willow left wondering how much torture the goddess and the Powers intended to put her through. This was very bad. Apocalypse bad.

“Taking a bit of a risk, aren’t you, Peaches. I don’t have any firsthand experience, but I’m guessing Red here has got the goods to make you happy, perfectly happy, in fact.” Spike leered and gave Willow a once over that had her wondering if maybe her body wash had been spelled or something. Were all vampires attracted to her now? And hey, wasn’t Spike madly in love with Buffy? Pay attention, Willow; he’s still talking.

“What’s the matter? Get tired of being a do-gooder and feel like being a real vampire again?”

Angel was about to say something but Willow’s hand on his arm, squeezing rather tightly in warning, kept him quiet. Thank whatever powers were actually on their side for that.

But now Willow was going to have to exercise restraint because Spike was currently addressing her.

“And you...for shame, pet. I know you’ve gone to the dark side a bit lately, but I can’t believe you could be stupid enough to risk bringing Angelus back. He’d torture you in a heartbeat. And anyway, haven’t you switched teams? If I’d known you were driving stick again, I’d have been more than happy to show you what a vampire can do.”

Angel growled possessively and Willow got a bit testy herself. How dare Spike assume she was evil. She’d never even lost her soul once. And anyway, who was he to accuse her of going over to the dark side? Plus, the inappropriate flirting was just...well, patronizing and condescending, because he really was currently in love with her best friend - well, soon-to-be former best friend, anyway.

She was about to try and come up with some sort of credible, if entirely fallacious, cover story when Angel pretty much changed her plans entirely by coming out with...the truth?

“Willow anchored my soul, Spike. It’s permanent.”

What was he doing?

Spike’s expression fell faster than Willow could have ever imagined. She felt an overwhelming rush of pity for him. She knew what he was afraid of and she hoped Angel wasn’t going to taunt him. Concentrating, she sent out “maturity” vibes and hoped they worked.

“So you figured you’d come back to Sunnydale and pick right up where you left off with your ‘true love’? Only what? You decided you’d take the soul for a test drive with the witch first?”

Angel nearly vamped and Willow clung to his arm for dear life. Please, goddess, don’t let them fight.

“Willow’s not a ‘test drive’ or second best, Spike. She’s...she’s the woman who has my heart - all of it - if she wants it.” Angel turned to Willow, who was gazing up at him with what she knew had to be the sappiest look ever to adorn a human face. She didn’t care. Angel was giving her his heart. She’d take it.

She nodded vigorously and Spike acted nauseated. Underneath his seeming disdain, though, even Willow could sense the envy. Poor Spike.

“That should set your mind at ease. Whatever you have going with Buffy, I’m not a threat to it.”

“So you know.”

Angel snorted. Spike couldn’t possibly believe that Angel hadn’t picked up on it. Then again, Spike’s opinion of Angel as a vampire was pretty low.

“Is that it then, Peaches? Can’t handle the competition?” Spike sneered.

“Not at all, William.” Willow saw Spike stiffen at the use of his human name. She knew he hated it...maturity, maturity, maturity. “Trust me, you’ve never been competition.”

Gosh darn it! What part of “mature” did these testosterone-choked vampires not understand? Girl power to the rescue.

“Angel! Spike! Stop it. Now we all want the same thing, don’t we?”

The two of them looked at her as if she was speaking Pylean or something and she sighed. Men.

“We all want to be happy and not to have anyone reveal our secrets at an inopportune time or in an inopportune way and also for none of us to get staked, am I right?”

Even Spike had to nod his head at that one, confirming Willow’s ‘til-now-only-a-suspicion that Buffy wanted her affair with Spike kept under wraps.

“So okay. Let’s just shake hands.” Angel and Spike looked at her in almost-horror and Willow quickly amended her statement. “Well, in the metaphoric sense, anyway, part on good terms, and pretend that this conversation never happened and that none of us knows what we know. Does that sound like a plan?”

Once again, she got the nodding heads. This was good. Well, better than continued snarking, at any rate.

“So, let’s recap, shall we? Angel and I will not say a word about knowing that you’re Buffy’s boyfriend.” Spike looked heartened by Willow’s choice of words and for a moment she wondered if she should have pursued a career in diplomacy. “And in return, Spike, you don’t mention anything about the soul anchoring or about Angel and I being...well...Angel and I. Got it?”

“Yeah.”

“Yeah.”

“Good!” Willow’s relief made her a bit excessive in her reaction, but hey, the possibility of living for at least another day or two was kind of delightful. Sue her. Breathing was neat.

She noticed, however, that they were still glaring at each other and Willow feared her fragile truce was already in jeopardy.

“You’d think you two would get along better seeing as how you used to be sex bunnies.” Willow muttered under her breath. Unfortunately, she had forgotten about vampire hearing.

“You told her?” Spike accused.

“She guessed!” Angel held his hands up in a defensive gesture.

“I guessed, honest! Angel was helping me deal with being bisexual and I just sort of figured it out. I swear!” She was really going to have to think before she spoke. Maybe her ability to babble had been compromised for a reason. Sadly, it did not seem to have been compromised enough. Her career in the supernatural U.N. was now in serious danger of ending before it began.

“I promise I won’t ever mention it again, okay?’

“See that you don’t, pet. Not something I care to remember.”

Angel snorted derisively. “You didn’t feel that way before, William. In fact, I seem to recall...”

Willow dammed up the naughty thought river and immediately put a stop to what looked to become something very bad. “Angel! I think we need to respect Spike’s feelings here, don’t you?”

Spike smirked at her. “This one’s got brains. So, Red, what on Earth is a smart girl like you doing with tall, dark, and deadly stupid?” He didn’t wait for an answer, walking off with a last “Ta” and leaving Angel fuming at not having gotten the last word. It was funny, but Willow realized with a start that she had actually missed this part of being with a man: the silly, macho posturing. Oddly, it was kind of hot.

Strange how the art of smoothing ruffled peacock feathers was just like riding a bike - you never really forgot how.

“C’mon, Angel. You know he’s just bitter. And insecure. I know he gets to you, but that’s what he wants. Let him think he won the battle, we both know he didn’t really. Besides, you know he’s jealous of me more than anyone. I think he wants you back.” Angel smiled at her. A real, full smile and Willow nearly did that fist-pumping-in-the-air thing. Damn, she was good.

“Let’s go home, okay? You can help me make the house vamp safe and we can get some rest. I think we’ve earned it.”

“Can we sleep in the same bed?”

“Yes.” Sheesh, the sacrifices she made for the male ego. Mmmm...yeah, big, big sacrifices (and she was so not thinking naughty thoughts). She let Angel practically drag her down the sidewalk as he made a beeline for her house. Gee, she giggled to herself, he must really need sleep.

Tbc...