INHERITANCE

A dark and sadistic tale set in England during the First World War

Written by Dickins 

This story is a work of erotic fiction. All names, characters, places and 
incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used 
here fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Story Codes: ped, sm and Femdom 

Chapter 3, Simon's Pleasures 

To Simon, the excitement of inheriting Birchwood Grange was starting to 
wane, especially now that Victoria had taken control, and brought about 
the changes that she had threatened. 	

His morning ride over, Simon dismounted, a careful process because of his 
leg, before his horse was led off to the stables. On entering the main 
building, Simon reflected on his good fortune but was just eager to find 
some action to satisfy his sadistic lust.

"A good ride Sir," Mr Marks asked Simon.

"Yes!" Simon answered.

"Miss Victoria was asking after you Sir. She's in the library," the 
butler told him, as he took his hat and crop.

Simon nodded, then walked through one of the oak doors. Beyond it was the 
library, a long room with only small and high windows that let in a 
moderate amount of light. Hence the room was always dim, with dust motes 
shining in the shafts of light coming from the high windows. 

Bookcases lined the walls, the higher tiers needing a ladder to reach 
them, and a large fireplace dominated the room with three comfortable 
leather armchairs arranged before it. Victoria sat in one, engrossed in a 
small leather book that she held in her lap.

"Anything interesting?" Simon asked idly.

Victoria hadn't heard Simon enter, and quickly withdrew her hand from 
beneath her dress, to look startled at her brother, her face flushed and 
radiant.

"Oh! Simon it's you," Victoria said, still gathering her breath.

"Yes! It's an illustrated book, that has been written by an order of nuns 
at Alyesford, showing parents how they can stop their children from 
committing the sins of the flesh," Victoria told him.

"I remember mother saying, that this order of nuns paid handsomely to use 
the orphans at St Saviour's to conduct their experiments," Simon 
remarked. 

"Apparently, they were well known for the plants that they grew to use as 
salves and irritants, and all the specially designed leather implements 
and restraints that they made," Victoria said.

In the book, Victoria had discovered detailed illustrations of the use of 
nettles and salves to make the children's genitals so sore that 
masturbation was too painful to enjoy. 

She also enjoyed seeing the detailed illustrations of children being 
whipped and restrained by the leather implements, that the nuns made to 
ensure their cooperation. 

However, it was the illustrations that really turned Victoria on and she 
was disappointed that she had been so abruptly disturbed just as she was 
starting to enjoy herself. 

Victoria put the book aside, and looked more closely at her brother.

"Are you bored?" she announced.

"Yes!" he said.

Victoria seemed not to have heard him, yet another habit of hers that 
irritated him and rang the little bell on the table.

He wondered how any of the staff would be able to hear such a little 
bell, yet moments later Mary Smith who at fourteen was the older of the 
two maids, appeared as if arranged, a pretty flush to her face. 

Mary curtsied to her mistress, hardly glancing at him and that was 
another cause of irritation; the way the staff seemed to respond to 
Victoria much more than him. 

Surely he, as the male, and the elder, should receive preferential 
treatment. It really galled him that he could see no way to alter the 
current practice, without him appearing boorish and pompous.

"Present yourself to my brother," Victoria told her sternly.

Mary curtsied and, with a pretty blush, turned to face Simon before 
gathering up the front of her uniform. 

Simon watched in open-mouthed amazement, as the pretty maid drew her 
uniform up baring her naked groin where, with her thighs slightly parted, 
he could admire the light brown hairs that curled over her cunt. 

"My word!" he breathed.

He was enthralled by the smoothness of her inner thighs. Her cunt looked 
plump and resilient, the slit smoothly curved and tinged a deeper pink. 
He could easily imagine dividing the split with his tongue and sipping 
from the sweet nectar within.

"Is she? Can I, I mean, won't her mother? The staff?" Simon asked 
confused, while Victoria just sat there and chuckled.

"We obviously can't abuse their trust Simon," Victoria told him, 
carefully emphasising the word 'Abuse'.

"Mary knows her place, don't you my girl?" Victoria 

"Yes Miss," the maid murmured.

"Now! Mary take up the position I showed you," Victoria urged.

With a little curtsy she removed her uniform and hurried over to the 
unoccupied chair. She knelt naked on the leather seat with her knees well 
parted, and pushed her bottom out.

Simon and Victoria were offered a perfect view of the girl's bottom, from 
her deep anal cleft to the plump curve of her vulva, springy curls 
embracing the widening gap as she began to swell and moisten.

"Where did she learn that?" Simon marvelled, rising and readjusting his 
erection before moving slowly up to the offered bottom to stroke and 
caress it.  

"Mary is a good student," Victoria told him, watching as Simon eased the 
cheeks apart to look at her anus, then drew the fingers lower to make the 
mouth of her vagina pout.

"Her hymen was broached just the other day, but no male has had her as 
yet," she explained.

"You?" he asked breathlessly, the very idea of it making his cock swell 
still further.

His index finger slid into her moist entrance, slowly pressing deep into 
her cunt where she was hot, clinging and yet moist. Her breath became 
louder and she shook slightly, all signs that would normally lead Simon 
to pick up a whip.

To Simon there were fewer, more thrilling moments, than whipping a child 
who was expected pleasure from his next touch.

"Before you mount her," Victoria said reaching into her sewing bag to 
withdraw a strap and ball. Walking up to Mary, she pulled her head back 
and pressed the ball firmly into her mouth before pulling the strap 
around her head and fastening it behind her.

"We don't want her squeals alerting the rest of the household, now, do 
we!" Victoria chided. 

Mary whimpered into the gag and breathed noisily through her nose.

Simon grinned and undid his breeches, his eyes flowing down to her well-
presented bottom once more.

"What about her bottom?" he asked. The girl's anus clenched tightly as 
she heard it being referred to.

"Not yet! She will need further training before she is ready for you to 
broach her bottom," Victoria admitted. 

She was already used to two fingers, so it wouldn't be long before ever-
broader tools were used, slowly stretching her anus until it becomes 
accustomed to regular use. 

Mary was a strong willed young girl, unlike June who bent easily to 
Victoria's training. 

"Perhaps mother could lend us some orphans from St Saviour's," Simon 
murmured, but his attention was on Mary's cunt as he stood behind her 
with his cock standing out in front of him, his legs bending to lower 
himself to her.

Victoria stepped up to their side and watched with her breath held still 
as her brother's cock pressed up against the little entrance, then pushed 
in.

Mary's muffled squeal communicated itself directly with her pleasure 
button, igniting it and flooding her with excitement.

The shaft pushed the child's flesh inwards, a mighty weapon of dark and 
veined flesh surging into the pink and tender cunt of the girl.

Victoria felt the surge of pleasure and stood taller.

Simon seemed no less affected. Head flung back, he savoured the tight hot 
clenching of the girl's cunt around the tip of his cock, and only when it 
lost it's tightness, did he press inwards, sliding forcibly half way into 
her before his strength gave out and he had to stop to pant. 

Her virgin cunt rippled about him, invading his member with its heat 
while reflexively gripping him one moment, and opening about him the 
next.

"Is she nice?" Victoria asked, her voice growing husky with the 
excitement of watching her brother fuck the girl.

"Oh, very," he answered. It was very rare for him to be fucking a girl 
who was so innocent and virginal.

The difference was so telling, and in so many ways. There were the sounds 
she was making, the little whimpers, the sobs and gasps, that all spoke 
of sensations that had surprised her.

There was the trembling in her whole body that spoke of an unknowing that 
led to nervousness, and then there was the heat and tightness of her 
little cunt. 

He thrust again and brought his belly up against her bottom to gasp with 
satisfaction as he felt her cunt surround the whole length of his cock, 
then squeeze and ripple, and burn into him.

Victoria waited for him to draw back, and then peered down at his cock, a 
second jolt of intense pleasure bursting into her as she saw it gleaming 
with the girl's fluids.

Now, when he pushed forward again, it was for his cock to slide smoothly 
between the spread portals of her inflamed labia, sinking sweetly into 
her love channel.

Each long stroke made Mary cry out into her gag, then pant hotly for 
breath as rippling sensations flowed with ever increasing intensity into 
her body. His hands gripped her and steered her back and forth upon his 
cock, and the feeling of being used only inflamed her still further.

With his quickening pace, his balls slapped against her vulva and hotly 
inflamed her love button. She was willing him to quicken and treat her 
more savagely, dipping her back in mute appeal, when he ceased. 

Without a thought, Mary whimpered into her gag swivelling her loins 
suggestively.
 
Victoria drew her brother back and roughly gripped his cock as she 
reached up to kiss him full on the mouth. Squeezing and bending his cock 
caused Simon to break the kiss for a cry of pain, and twist in an effort 
to break free. 

She grinned up at him and softened her hold, stroking him back into rigid 
hardness while watching his face.

"Now! Just you stay as you are," she warned. "Mary has one more task to 
perform," she told him.

Well trained, Mary had already descended to her knees on the carpet, and 
now crawled forward to have her gag removed.

Simon watched, anticipating what his sister had in mind.

Slowly, timidly, Mary drew her head down towards Simon's cock, her 
innocent eyes taking in as much as she could before her eyes were forced 
to cross and her mistress guided her mouth over the musty smelling thing.

It filled her mouth with hot flesh. Then the strong flavour of her own 
juices filled her mouth and made her drool before she swallowed.

The swallow brought her tongue up under the throbbing cock and a gasp 
from its owner. Mary traced the feel of his flesh with her tongue and 
lips and swallowed again as the taste of her juices diminished and the 
taste of his weeping cock grew.

Standing up against her brother, Victoria watched Mary begin drawing her 
lips along the shaft, just as she'd been taught. 

Simon groaned and panted, his body arched back so he too could watch the 
pretty face sliding back and forth on his manly cock.

"Has she learnt well?" Victoria asked him.

"Oh yes," he hissed.

Mary looked up at him as she swirled her tongue over the sensitive head, 
then dropped her head down, engulfing almost half of his cock in her 
greedy mouth.

"But you need something more, don't you brother?" Victoria murmured, 
batting her eyelids at him as she drew a hand down his back, then edged 
fingers under the loose waist of his breeches.

"What, what are you going to do?" he panted, his eyes widening as he felt 
her hand draw the tail of his shirt out of the way.

"The girl will want feeding after all her efforts," Victoria smiled.

She felt her brother's bottom cheeks and their rhythmic tightening as his 
cock was drawn upon. She gripped one as it tightened and relaxed, the 
feel of it making her wet herself with pleasure. 

Under her fingers she felt his anal crease and followed it upwards, then 
down again.

"Victoria!" Simon gasped.

His eyes wild and his mouth hanging open as electrifying sensations 
jerked from her fingers, between his legs, and into his cock. Mary 
slurped and sucked, lifting a hand to cradle and squeeze his balls.

"Yes?" Victoria said, watching his expression as she eased a digit 
between his tight bottom cheeks and felt the corrugated ring of his anus 
beneath it.

"Victoria!" he gasped, unable to say more, or think tangibly.

He wanted to thrust his bottom out for her taking, but at the same moment 
drive his cock forward to have it buried in the maid's mouth.

It left him shaking, sensations passing through him from back to front, 
front to back. With nowhere else to go, he rose on his toes and felt the 
stinging passion of his anus being invaded.

"Oh, so smooth!" Victoria hissed. Her finger slid smoothly into his anus, 
fully in, pressed downwards to feel a slight firmness under her finger. 
She pressed harder and watched her brother's eyes and mouth widen.

Mary sensed his release through her lips and hands. She drew the 
stretched flesh of his cock back from the head as far as she could and, 
mouth open wide, squeezed his balls and waited.

"Yes!" Victoria gasped, watching his expression as an intense orgasm 
built up from deep within him. 

She felt his anus open, as the gates to his pleasure opened, and the 
first rush of seed spurt powerfully from him, drenching Mary's lower face 
with just some of the milky fluid entering her mouth.

Dutifully the girl swallowed and opened her mouth again, the second spurt 
more cleverly spurted to the back of her mouth, only some of it escaping 
as she tried swallowing again. 

Another spurt, less intense, splattered her lips to be licked while one 
last spurt was more of a dribble, dripping from his softening cock.  

He gasped again, jerking as Victoria slid her finger out from him, then 
appeared forgotten as she turned to Mary and, holding her head back, 
pressed her finger into her mouth for cleaning.

Having learnt obedience, Mary licked the finger, diligently cleaning it 
until only the taste of Victoria's skin remained, until the woman was 
satisfied and smiled at her.

"You've done very well Mary," Victoria told her, patting her as she would 
a dog or cat.

"You may return to your duties, after which I expect you to bathe, then 
go to my private rooms and wait for me," she told the girl. 

Mary rose and curtsied, even as she straightened her uniform before 
hurrying out to leave brother and sister alone together.

"I have written to mother," Victoria told Simon, ignoring him as he 
straightened his clothes, his cock a limp and pale thing that hung 
forlorn over the furry nest of his balls.

"What can she do?" he asked, blushing when he looked at her.

"In her reply, she said that a man from the Ministry would be coming, and 
we should look favourably upon his request. Mother also said that we 
should talk to John Marks, the butler about the plans that father had to 
renovate the old priory." Victoria told him.

Simon shrugged. 

The priory was close to the stables, a short walk along a well-made path 
from the Grange. Simon also recalled the butler telling him it had been 
derelict for over three generations.

Victoria smiled and returned to her book, ignoring her brother as he 
browsed the shelves for a few minutes, and then wandered away to find 
more stimulating amusement.

Victoria estimated that she had at least another hour to wait before Mary 
would be ready and waiting in her room, her body freshly washed and no 
doubt eager for release after her first bout with a man.  

Victoria planned to pleasure the girl with her fingers and special toys, 
forcing her to spend time after time without remorse. 

Then, after giving her no respite, have her use her mouth and nose 
between her own legs, forcing her to pleasure her until she was too 
exhausted to accept anymore. But before then, there was still the book, 
and her clever fingers to keep her going.

******

The man from the Ministry arrived a week later, a few days after an 
impressive letter came, announcing him formally and requesting they 
assist him in his task, but it didn't give any details.

He introduced himself as Herbert Metcalf, from the Ministry for the 
Interior and took the seat that Victoria offered. Papers spilt from his 
briefcase as he opened it, the formal letterhead giving him the authority 
he needed.

"So! What brings you to Birchwood Grange, Herbert" Victoria asked.

"Oh, the war, undoubtedly," he told her.

"I believe that my sister was looking for a few more details," Simon 
snapped.

"Ah, yes, of course," he said, shuffling through the papers.

"The war has put the Ministry in a terrible pickle!" he told them.

"I mean, all the able bodied men going off to war, and so many of them 
being killed," he sighed.

"Well, what's happening is that their widows are finding it hard to cope 
with the children left behind and are getting rid of them. The orphanages 
just can't cope any longer!" Herbert told them.

"Well, well," Victoria murmured, turning to look at her brother.

"So, what does the Ministry plan to do about it?" Simon asked.
"Oh, its quite simple," Herbert told him, his excitement rising.

"There are country houses like this one all over Kent!" he told them, 
waving his hands with his excitement.
 
"If only they could all take just five children, we would have no problem 
at all!" he cried.

"Just five?" Victoria asked.

"Oh, well, that's just an average mind. Some houses are much larger than 
others. Highcliffe Manor, for example, has fifty bedrooms and I 
understand that you have at least twenty," he said.

"Some of them are already occupied," Simon told him. Victoria waved her 
hand to calm him, understanding his concern.

It was one thing to have children available for their pleasures when they 
desired, but to have them under foot, 24 hours a day. To have to feed and 
clothe them, look after them, put up with their moods and also see to 
their education was quite another.

"What provision would the Ministry make to help us cater for these 
children? How old are they? Where do they come from, and how long would 
they be staying?" Victoria asked him.

Herbert gathered the figures from the sheets of paper and the three of 
them began to talk in earnest, working out all the details that would 
ultimately place a number of these vulnerable children into their special 
care.

******

Over the next few weeks, builders busily set about transforming the old 
priory, adding a kitchen, bathrooms, dormitories, a schoolroom and other 
special rooms, all to Victoria and Simon's devious plans.

One afternoon, as the builders were nearing completion, a pony and trap 
appeared from the London road, the pony trotting with its head held high, 
and the occupants remaining hidden in the shadow of the canvas hood.

Simon was called from the stable he'd converted into his office, and 
Victoria from the newly refurbished priory. 

They ambled towards the path and met just moments before the pony and 
trap came to a stop. 

Victoria reached out to pat the pony's neck, whilst she waiting for the 
occupants to alight.

"Anne!" Victoria finally gasped, and with a rush, embraced the older 
woman. 

"Whatever brings you to Birchwood Grange?" she cried happily.

"Your mother has sent me to lend you a hand," Anne told her, taking the 
younger girl's arm in mutual affection.

"Oh, Good!" Victoria cried, remembering her brother, who was still 
standing beside them with a perplexed look on his face.
 
"Simon, this is Anne Bishop, a nurse from St Saviour's," she told him, 
grinning at his foolish expression.

"Oh! Simon is too young to remember me, he was just a baby when I last 
saw him," Anne said.

"I'm sorry," Simon said, trying his best to remember her.

"That's all right," Anne shrugged. 

"However, you should know that you gained your first erection in my 
mouth," she grinned.

Anne's eyes sparkling as she dumbfounded him and left him speechless and 
somewhat embarrassed as the driver overheard them.

"So how long are you going to stay with us?" Victoria asked eagerly.

"As long as you need me," Anne grinned, and then suddenly stopped.

"Oh! I nearly forgot," she said and spinning on her heels, put two 
fingers to her mouth to issue a shrill whistle. 

Moments later a boy and a girl, alighted the pony and trap and then stood 
nervously in front of the three adults. 

Victoria thanked the driver, and he turned the pony and trap around and 
headed off towards the London road, for the journey back to the railway 
station at Maidstone.

"This is Jeremy, who is thirteen," Anne said as he bowed. 

Victoria thought the boy looked very handsome, dressed in the uniform of 
St Saviour's, but couldn't help noticing just how tight his shorts were. 

They fitted his bottom snugly, and outlined his cock most obscenely, but 
were causing his balls to be squashed, making it very painful for the 
poor boy to walk properly.

"This is Hannah, who is eleven," Anne said as she curtsied.  

Simon thought the girl was most attractive dressed in her uniform, but 
couldn't help noticing as she curtsied that she in contrast to Jeremy 
wasn't wearing any underwear under her short kilt. 

Then it dawned on him, that neither of them would be wearing any 
underwear, as his mother didn't allow any at St Saviour's. 

"How perfectly charming!" Simon said excitingly.

"They are a present from you mother," Anne said, with a sly smile. 

"Well! What are we waiting for? Let's get them inside," Victoria 
chuckled. 

A glance at her brother showed him more than ready to participate and 
Victoria grinned as she thought of the entertainment he'd unknowingly put 
on for Miss Bishop.

******

It was already dark when Victoria, Anne and Simon finally sat down to 
diner. Jeremy and Hannah were fed earlier, and were resting upstairs, 
exhausted by their long journey down from London. 

Mrs Smith, had put Anne in the room next to Victoria's, and arranged 
bedding for the children on the floor, either side of the fireplace.

"Shall we go through to the family room for coffee?" Victoria asked when 
they had finished dinner.

The family room was cosy, with a fire lit in the large fireplace and a 
deeply upholstered couch and armchair waiting for them. The ladies took 
the couch while June the younger maid appeared with a tray of coffee and 
mints.

Anne watched her for a few moments, and then she turned to Victoria with 
a knowing smile.

"Oh! She's Lovely!" Anne said excitedly.

Anne watched June serve, noticing the way the girl bent and walked, the 
way she carried herself and moved.

"Come here," she called.

June walked over to stand before the seated guest, blushing slightly as 
the woman's eyes travelled down to her thighs.

"Display yourself!" Anne instructed her.

Victoria nodded, pleased that the maid had sought her permission first, 
before lifted her uniform up, parting her thighs, and then offering her 
lovely hairless cunt for inspection.

"No drawers girl!" Anne said, a little surprised.

Much to June's surprise, Victoria told Anne that she didn't allow her 
maid's to wear drawers, in the same way that her mother didn't allow the 
children underwear at St Saviour's.

"Very sensible," Anne said, reaching her hand between June's thighs, to 
draw her fingers back and forth over the pouting cunt, and then up to her 
nose to inhale the scent.

June blushed and bit her lip, none the less remaining still.

"She excites easily," Anne noted.

"Yes! I think she secretly enjoys being abused," Victoria said.

June blushed still brighter and shook under the examination while, on the 
chair nearby, Simon squirmed with discomfort as his cock hardened in his 
trousers.

"Has she been put to Simon yet?" Anne asked.

"No! But Mary Smith has, her cunt anyway," Victoria said, watching June 
blush with the realisation that her friend had already been fucked by Sir 
Simon. 

"Perhaps you will let me help you," Anne said.
 
"I would certainly like to see her being fucked for the first time," Anne 
admitted, drawling over her little cunt and wondering just how tight
it would feel around Simon's cock.

"Oh Yes! That would be most kind," Victoria agreed.

"However! I am quite sure that Simon would prefer to have some sport with 
the children," Victoria said, raising her voice and waving the blushing 
maid away.

"Oh, yes!" he gasped.  

"Anne! Go and prepare them, and then bring them down here," Victoria 
said, a clear excitement in her voice. 

As a nurse, Anne was used to preparing children, and she took great 
delight in the task. 

After making sure they were clean, she roughly massaged salves into their 
genitals, anuses, thighs and bottoms, to sensitise their skin ready for 
the punishments, they always seem to need to ensure their cooperation.  

As Anne returned with the children, Victoria and Simon felt like it was 
Christmas, unable to contain their desire to play with their new toys. 

Anne laughed, and pushed them the children so that Victoria and Simon 
could get a better view of their mother's special presents.

"Which one would you like Simon! The girl or the boy?" she offered.

Simon licked his lips, considering the virtues of each.

"Oh! The girl" he breathed, thinking just how tight her little cunt would 
be, compared to Mary's.

Victoria sat on the edge of the couch and took a firm grip of Jeremy 
between her thighs. With little effort but just enough to feel the 
pleasure of it, she removed his midi blouse and smiled at the lad's 
startled expression.

"There, there," she crooned, sliding her hands over his naked chest and 
belly, delighting in the feel of his smooth and warm skin.

Jeremy began to relax, no doubt enjoying the feel of Victoria's hands 
sliding over his chest, but when she felt he was relaxed enough, she took 
a firm hold of his nipples and savagely twisted them. 

Victoria watched with delight as Jeremy's expression changed from timid 
enjoyment, to intense pain. He twisted in an effort to escape, but his 
training had taught him to grin and bear it, so Victoria twisted his 
nipples even more.

"It's alright, it's alright," Simon told Hannah as she watched with 
growing nervousness what was happening to poor Jeremy. 

Simon caressed her, soothing her, calming her just as effectively as 
Victoria had done to Jeremy. And then, with fingers curling under the 
waistband of her kilt, ripped it off.

The girl was left in just her midi blouse; her young body shaking as 
Simon breathlessly caressed her smooth and sensitive skin, which Anne had 
so lovingly prepared.

"Isn't she lovely?" Anne asked.

"Yes," Simon said.

Smiling, she watched Simon remove the midi blouse from the frightened and 
weeping girl to leave her naked. He pulled her onto his lap where he 
stroked and caressed her, whispering endearments in her ear, while his 
mind conjured up all the brutal things he wanted to do to her. 

Victoria wasn't far behind. Enjoying the sight of her brother tearing the 
young girl's uniform off stimulated her to do the same with the boy. She 
took a hold of his tight shorts and roughly pulled them off, causing the 
boy to sigh with relief now that his balls were no longer being squashed.

What was revealed made her groan. His handsome cock was standing to 
attention, and he whimpered and tensed as Victoria roughly caressed it; 
her fingers masturbating the smooth flesh, and loving the sensual feel of 
its rampant swelling.

"So lovely!" she breathed, turning him side on and lifting a hand to cup 
his little bottom. Anne smiled as she watched Victoria's fingers feel 
between the boy's bottom cheeks, a finger moving to his anus.

The lad cried out and looked at her in startled surprise. Victoria smiled 
and pressed her finger deeper, watching with delight as, far from loosing 
his little erection, it stiffened still further.  

"What shall we do with this?" Victoria asked the others, a finger and 
thumb holding Jeremy's cock with careful tenderness.

Simon didn't hear her. He was lost in the sensations rising from the girl 
on his lap. He had stroked her chest and felt the little points of her 
dark nipples, his excitement growing as he had imagined them between a 
pair of pliers, the tender young skin quickly marking.

His hands stroked her flat belly and felt it ripple, and wondered how 
much it would continue to do so if she was whipped. 

Kissing her neck and feeling her respond to his soft stroking, his hands 
travelled to her thighs, spreading them to either side of his own, and 
then running his nails along the sensitive flesh.

His imagination pictured her slender thighs marked by the tip of a whip, 
red lines created as stripes, perhaps drawing closer together, the nearer 
they reached her cunt.

He imagined the smooth flesh he was feeling, raised in ridges by a 
slender whip.  

His fingers reached the curve of her youthful pudendum, marvelling at how 
full and round she was, how smooth and resilient. 

Her cunt was perfectly rounded, no inner lips protruding to mar the 
graceful curve of the warm flesh.

She was responding, whimpering and panting, and shifting her little 
bottom on his lap while, across the way, Victoria was stroking the naked 
boy standing in front of her, his eyes wide as he stared at what Simon 
was doing to Hannah. 

Grinning, Simon slid his hand over her cunt. He'd never felt anything so 
smooth and warm. The flesh curved down and split. Lower, her flesh was 
warmer, softer, and a gentle press brought wetness from within to coat 
his finger.

"Would you like to see?" he asked the others.

He grinned when they nodded, and took his hand away so they could see her 
cunt. It upset Hannah, but his fingers were soon back between her thighs, 
her body draped on top of his as he gently worked her little pleasure 
house.

Simon shook with the need to be gentle and loving, but inside he wanted 
to hold her down, and watch her face as he ravished her. 

Outwardly calm, his fingers delicately parted her sticky vulva and let 
them see her bright and gleaming cunt. He licked her neck and crooned in 
her little ear, listening to her groan, gasp and whimper as a finger 
dipped into her open shell and traced the slender long sheaf of her 
clitoris.

Then down to where she was the wettest, to where her cunt pouted with 
pleasure, and yet was still smaller than the diameter of his index 
finger.

His eyes lifted from her little body to those of his audience. They were 
all still but for Victoria's moving fingers. Their eyes were fastened on 
what he was doing between Hannah's widely parted thighs, watching without 
daring to blink.

Simon straightened his finger, the tip gently pressed to the hollow of 
her cunt mouth. He took a breath and hesitated one last heartbeat, just 
long enough to alert the others to what was to come.

Then, grinning with delight, he pushed his finger in with a smooth and 
controlled motion that let them appreciated the beauty of the child's 
taking.

His finger pushed in and her flesh yielded. Then the tip stretched her 
hymen with its youthful elasticity, drawing it inwards until it could 
stretch no more. Then it parted and Simon felt the torn edges slide down 
his finger as it continued on, into her little body.

She was squealing now, her body tensed, and her pelvis rose from his lap 
before twisting in an effort to escape him. 

His free hand went round her waist to hold her down, his knees rose to 
help keep her thighs apart. His finger, in to the second knuckle, pulled 
upwards to let everyone see her opened, and let the little flood of 
virgin blood escape.

"Lovely!" Victoria breathed.

The girl wept, her head tossing from side to side as Simon moved his 
finger back and forth, aiming it to find the last vestiges of her hymen 
and ensure it was well and truly torn from her.
 
Each pull and tear added to the trickle of blood his fingers were 
stroking into her groin and thighs, adorning her in a skin of drying 
virgin blood the others could admire and delight in.

Victoria took a deep breath to control the rising tide of her own 
excitement, and reined her imagination in from some of the more sadistic 
thoughts coursing through her mind.

She turned her attention from the weeping, squirming, bloodied girl, to 
the boy standing in front of her, his own eyes still fastened to the 
perverse scene.

"You were enjoying that, weren't you?" Victoria said coldly, noticing 
that his cock was stiffening in response to Hannah's painful ordeal.  

He swallowed and looked away, his face guilt ridden.

"Why, you dirty, evil minded little pervert!" she gasped.

She stopped stroking him, and instead scrapped her nail along the 
sensitive underside of his cock, and his face took on a whole new 
expression, his body arching from the pain.  

"Like pain, do you?" she asked him, moving her fingers slightly and 
feeling the grizzle and veins under them move unwillingly from side to 
side. 

A whine came from the boy, high pitched in his agony.

"I've got plenty of canes here!" she told him excitedly, feeling the 
wetness of her pleasure dampening her thighs, as she released him and 
walked over to the door. Beside the door there was an ornate stand, and 
in it was a selection of canes. 

Now, she became the centre of attention as she lifted one up and tried it 
through the air, listening to its whistle and testing the limit of it's 
bend. Victoria tried out three, whilst Anne took a hold of the boy and 
forced him to watch.

"She's choosing a cane," the older woman whispered, delighting in his 
increased breathing and pale skin.

"Do you know what she's going to do?" she asked him, enjoying the feel of 
the boy trembling with terror.

"Please Miss," he whined and Anne grinned.

"She's going to cane you here," Anne told him, caressing his bottom and 
massaging in some more salve, to sensitise the skin even more.  

"How do you want him Victoria?" she asked.

Victoria chose the slender rattan cane and used her wrist to make it 
whistle in a short arc through the air, a move that had young Jeremy 
whimpering and shaking in Anne's grip.

"Over the arm of the couch please, his thighs parted wide, and his cock 
and balls fully exposed," Victoria told her.

Anne grinned, knowing the position well.

"Its just like being at St Saviour's, isn't it my boy?" she said.

Escorting him to the couch, she lifted him across the arm, drew his 
thighs wide apart, and then reached under his stomach to roughly pull his 
cock and balls into view between his thighs.

Victoria had stepped forward, the cane held before her in readiness of 
his caning. She was more than ready; her body now glowing with excitement 
as she watched Anne roughly pull his cock and balls into place. 

Admiring the tight cheeks of his lovely bottom, she tapped the cane in 
preparation, and thrilled when Jeremy started asking for mercy.

The soft words, delivered between sobs, flooded Victoria with still more 
excitement and she lifted the cane, stilling it at the apex of her swing 
for a moment, before bringing it down with its accompanying whistle to 
then land with a satisfying crack across the tender flesh.

Jeremy squealed and thrashed. 

Anne caught hold of his feet and held them, nodding to Victoria to 
continue. A thin red line grew across the apex of his bottom cheeks, but 
before they'd swelled to their fullest, the cane came down yet again, 
landing below the first to quickly raise another red line beside it.

The boy squealed and thrashed again, tears flooding from his face.

Incoherently, he begged to be freed, only earning him a third savage cut, 
below the other two were his skin was softer and more tender.

The welts inflamed the adults. The caning had shrunk his cock to 
practically nothing, by which time Victoria had moved round so she could 
lay the cane at right angles to the previous ones.

The cane whistled once more and the sharp slap of it's landing was 
quickly followed by the boy's screams. Anne half sat on him, holding him 
down and letting his legs kick as he struggled to escape the savage 
caning.

Victoria laid one onto his other cheek and sucked fresh air into her 
lungs as she admired the chequered affect she was creating on his little 
bottom. She struck again; dizzy with her pleasure at his howling and 
struggling body, then once more, two brilliant lines for each cheek.  

The vivid scoring drew her, and she stopped her strikes to reach out and 
touch his bottom. She felt the smooth flesh she'd felt earlier, and then 
the welts she'd created.

Her breath quickening, she turned her nails in and ran them over his 
scored flesh, listening to his wails while feeling the ridges across his 
bottom, until an orgasm burst within her and it was all she could do to 
just stand there and look normal.

"I think its time we separated, each to our own pleasure," Anne said, 
rising from the loudly crying boy to help drag him up.

"Let's go to your room Victoria," she urged.

Victoria nodded and sucked in a fresh breath, as she steadied herself 
before moving to the door, passing her brother who was standing over 
Hannah, unbuttoning his trousers in readiness to ravish the child.

"Simon! Make sure that she is well enough to pleasure me later," she 
urged, following Anne out.

"You do the same with the boy," he called, already kneeling, his hand 
pulling the whimpering girl's thighs further apart.

As Victoria followed Jeremy and Anne up the stairs, she couldn't help but 
hear the first scream from the girl downstairs, and imagined her brother 
thrusting his cock deep into her little cunt, completing the task his 
fingers had begun earlier.

Once in Victoria's room, Anne smiled.

"Get yourself ready," she told her bluntly.

She had a blindfold for the boy and a band to place round the base of his 
cock once it was fully erect. 

Victoria imagined him sliding into her and sobbed.

"You'll won't let him come prematurely, will you?" she begged.

"No!" Anne grinned.

Unseen by Jeremy, Victoria was now gloriously naked and knelt on the edge 
of her bed, offering up her pleasure hole.

The very thought that Jeremy was about to fuck her, and that she was 
going to brutally ravish Hannah when Simon had finished with her, all 
meant that Victoria was in heaven, and certain of many, many orgasms that 
evening.

As she waited for Jeremy's cock to be presented, she thought of all the 
preparations that still needed to be made, in order to make this exciting 
venture a success. 

Special equipment needed to be ordered and tested, and staff sharing 
their sadistic passions, interviewed and appointed. 




