Ranger Jean
Id had a great sail across to the islands and it was everything the National Park brochure said it would be; beautiful pine-wooded hills, wild berries in abundance, golden sand beaches that were more like the Pacific than Canadas lakes. But the best thing of all was the solitude. The islands were hard to get to. You had to have a boat or a sea plane so they had very few visitors. Perfect, and to cap it all I was anchored in a cove with a secluded sandy beach.
I rowed ashore and walked along the beach leaving my clothes in the dinghy. The beach was 300 yards long with no tracks or trails leading to it so I walked to the far end, climbed a low rock promontory, found a mossy bed on top and lay back, relaxed and let the sun work on my body. It didnt take long for the heat to make me feel a little sleepy and a bit randy. Of its own accord my cock stirred and asked to be stroked. I rubbed in gently, unhurriedly for a while until a sense of urgency made me stroke harder, but I forced myself to slow down and enjoy that delicious feeling of knowing I would come soon, but delaying the moment for as long as possible. Eventually my cock had his own way and showered me with my own cum, long lazy spurts falling across my body as my body pushed upwards thrusting into the warm open sky. The perfect end to a perfect day.
I rowed back to the boat as the sun fell towards the horizon signalling a clear night. Once aboard I washed and, still naked as is my habit on the boat, I was making a drink when I heard an odd splash. When you live on a boat you get to know all the sounds the boat makes and this wasnt one of those. It didnt sound like a wave on the shore it sounded like a paddle. Damn I thought, the dinghys come loose or I left a paddle so it could fall in the water. I popped up on deck and looked at the dinghy floating on a short painter off the stern. No nothing wrong there. 
Good afternoon sir. The female voice from behind made me jump. I spun round and saw a figure in a canoe outlined against the sun, low in the water. I couldnt see her clearly even when I shaded my eyes. What else could I do? Buck naked? I chose to be as civilised as possible and to pretend it was quite normal to have a conversation in this state of undress.
Good afternoon, err..?
National Park Ranger Jean Riley. May I come aboard sir?
Well yes I suppose so, but let me put some clothes on.
Id appreciate that sir.
She paddled round to the stern ladder while I ducked into my cabin to pull on shorts and a t-shirt. When I climbed back up I was pleasantly surprised by the sight of a rather neat small bottom in tight green shorts bending over and tying her canoe to my pushpit railings. She turned round and the front view was pretty fair too. A tight khaki shirt stressed some medium sized shapely breasts and a slender waist that managed to emphasise her rounded hips nicely. Her blue-eyed face was freckled under red hair. Irish descent I guessed.
Thank you sir. I wasnt sure if she was thanking me for dressing or letting her come aboard.
No problem. Please have a seat. What can I do for you? She sat opposite me in the cockpit.
Im afraid its about a violation of park regulations sir. Regulations? I hadnt broken any regulations. I had a visitors permit, I hadnt dumped any trash or shot anything or even been fishing. What else could there be?
I dont know what you mean Im afraid. I have a permit and I dont dump stuff at sea or on land.
Its not that sir its regulation 101.69. Acts of public lewdness and indecency in a National Park.
What on earth oh! I realised what she meant. My one-handed exercise regime on the beach. But surely you cant mean the beach. There was no one else there. It was hardly public.
I was there sir. Im afraid that makes it public. 101.69s carry an on the spot fine of 150 dollars per offence, so thats 300 dollars.
300? Why two offences. I only ermm... once!
Thats one for the nudity and one for the masturbation sir. Her face didnt flinch at the use of the word. Her pretty blue eyes held me in a steady gaze.
But I dont have 300 dollars in cash. Can I pay when I get back to the mainland?
Thats not possible sir. It has to be paid now.
But I cant pay. Be reasonable.
Im tied by the regulations sir. If you cant pay on the spot I am authorised to find some alternative in the form of voluntary work for the good of the park.
Voluntary work? What do you mean?
Well sir we like to find appropriate work for offenders. In your case Im thinking of letting you use the tool with which you are obviously such an expert.
I... what? I was bewildered.
Your penis sir. I feel an appropriate penance for your acts of indecency would be to have sexual intercourse with Ranger Jean Riley until she is satisfied that your delinquent tendencies are eradicated. This will be a service to the park as it will inhibit your future acts of public lewdness and a service to Ranger Riley as she has been on duty on the island for six weeks with no R and R. Will that be acceptable to you sir? He face hadnt even broken into a smile, but her eyes had a sparkle that showed she enjoyed the game and she shifted in her seat to let her knees fall apart showing a neat pubic mound under her close fitting shorts.
Well Ranger Jean, in the circumstances
..you have no choice. She completed my sentence. I thought youd see it my way sir, now please stand and remove your clothes. I did as she requested letting my already semi-hard cock fall into view as I slipped my shorts down and lifted my t-shirt over my head. And now sir if youd like to stroke your penis to bring it to full hardness. I did as she requested all the time watching her face for the slightest smile or laugh. Nothing, except her eyes had grown larger with my cock getting bigger. Its not massive but it has a good thickness which seems to satisfy women, especially women who havent sat astride a cock for six weeks. My cock was now fully hard. Thank you sir now please turn round so I can see the full extent of your equipment. I turned a slow full circle so she got a side view of my cock and a good look at my bum too and finished up facing her again with a big erection pointing at the sky.
She still sat but I noticed that between her legs her shorts now showed a little darker patch of dampness and the material of her shirt was stretched tight over two small bumps of her erect nipples. She sounded a little breathless when she said, Now Id like you to remove the Rangers uniform and carefully fold it.
I slowly unbuttoned her shirt and gently slid it away from her shoulders. To my surprise she wasnt wearing a bra and looking at her smooth firm breasts with prominent erect nipples she didnt need to either. Looking into her deep blue eyes and serious face I loosened her belt and undid the side zip off her uniform shorts and slid them down over her thighs. They dropped to the deck and she stepped out of them. I wasnt surprised that she wasnt wearing panties either. The aroma of her dampness permeated the still air of the afternoon. As I knelt to pick up her shorts I saw at close quarters her soft red-gold pubic mound and could sense the aroma of her arousal even more. The sun lit her superb smooth fit body standing naked before me with no hint of shyness. I stood with my cock pointing at her little round belly waiting for her next command.
It would be appropriate for you to check the sate of arousal of the Ranger and her readiness for sexual intercourse by examining her primary sexual organs as you see fit. These are the breasts, the inside of the thighs and the genital areas.
I stepped closer so her nipples brushed my chest and my cock pressed against her stomach. Reaching for her hard nipples I carefully rolled them round between my fingers, pulling gently on them to move her even closer to me. Feeling an immediate response from her nipples my cock sensed a slight quiver in her thighs. My hands cupped her breasts and they were as firm as they looked, but soft and warm in that most exciting feminine way. For a few minutes we stood while I massaged her breasts and listened to her breath becoming shorter, my cock getting stiffer all the time. Then I slowly moved one hand down across her belly to gently stroke her soft hair. With one leg between her legs I gently eased them apart while I extended my explorations. I caressed her inner thigh and felt her respond by opening her legs further. I lifted my hand slowly upwards, fingers trailing her thighs. When I reached the apex I was rewarded with a well lubricated dampness that was the source of the beautiful aroma. I coated two of my fingers in her musk and then brought them slowly up to my face to smell and touch them to my lips. She tasted delicious  I couldnt wait! But I did. 
The Ranger is most definitely aroused madam, but in my experience it is good practice to make doubly sure by closer examination. Would the ranger please sit while I look closer? She sat on the side bench of the cockpit and I knelt between her open thighs. Her pubic hair was warm and soft but further down between her legs it was slick and wet and just there I could see the twin ridges of her labia and the slight pinkness within. I slowly lowered my head towards her and said softly, If the Ranger would like to lie back. She did so and this allowed my face easy access to the wellspring of her arousal. At first I breathed deeply in to fully appreciate the erotic charge of her scent. Then I gently pressed her thighs apart and let my lips enclose her pubic mound, my tongue gently stroking her outer lips. I felt her tense and relax as I gently inserted my tongue between her lips and taste directly the fluid that attracts, excites and eases.  Licking slowly up and down brought me to her clitoris and as I touched it for the first time she jumped and a little gasp escaped her previously strict control. 
Is the Ranger enjoying the service?  I asked between strokes of my tongue. 
She is ... impressed with your ... oomskill. She panted out between little gasps as I circled her clitoris with my tongue. She thinks that now would be a good time for  ... ummm  full ummm  ... penetration with the appropriate  ... ermm... tool.
I didnt need to be asked twice! My cock was hard and aching as I knelt up between her legs and guided it into her deep warmth. As she lay back I used one hand to part her pretty little lips and the other to guide my cock into her. She was a little tight at first, but warm and wet and very ready as I eased the tip of my cock into her. With a little gentle push the head slid into her and her bottom lifted from the bench to ease its passage. I hesitated, pulled out a little to experience again that first ecstasy of penetration and then with a long smooth, but gentle urgency I slid fully into her body. Oh God that felt good. The heat, the depth, her pussy lips around the base of my cock, her anus pressing against my balls  I could feel everything individually and it all as a complete erotic charge. She obviously felt the same because she groaned, and reached for my body to pull me even deeper into her and at the same time lifted her legs and wrapped them round my waist to lock me inside. 
Slowly at first, savouring and teasing we pushed and squeezed our bodies into each other. Many minutes of long slow strokes into the depth of her gave way to a more urgent desire to fuck. There was no more game. We were like two animals. If it had been six weeks for her, it had been even longer for me and I made the most of it, as did she. I slid my thick cock in and out of her in an ever faster rhythm of lust as with one hand I played with her nipples and breasts and the other I rubbed gently over her clitoris. Ranger Jean pulled and twisted and moaned, her pretty eyes shut tight and her head thrown back on the cockpit side. Her moans underscored each deeper and deeper thrust as by instinct I fought to place my sperm as deep into her as I could. She responded in the same elemental way, opening her legs and lifting them higher to get me in even further. We hit a mutual natural rhythm of thrust, withdrawal and even more frantic thrust. I could feel her beginning to shake and I knew she was about to come. This made me lose what little control I had and as I felt her orgasm start to ripple through her body and milk my cock I gladly gave up to her need. My need was to place my cock as deeply into her as I could and fill her full of my erotic joy. All feeling was suddenly concentrated in the end of my cock and I came in great waves of frantic pulsing spurts as she groaned and unsuccessfully tried to stifle a scream as she reached the highest spasm of her climax. She subsided into little moans and groans as I withdrew a little and pushed into her again and again as we both came down from our erotic highs. 
I looked over her spent body as she lay there, her pubic hair curling into mine, her slender waist and the swell of her lovely breasts. I noticed for the first time just how fit she was. Her shoulders were feminine but strong and her muscles were obviously used. Her legs round my waist were supple and strong. Her eyes were open and at last she was smiling at me, not just with her eyes but with her whole face. I smiled back and said, Well Ranger Jean, have I paid my dues? A wicked look crossed her face. You certainly paid for one of your offences sir, but Im not sure about the other. Ill think it over while you mix me a drink. Im off duty now and I know you boaty types usually keep a decent store on board.
We settled on a bottle of chilled white wine and sat in the early evening wrapped in a sheet and close side by side, just thinking and not really saying much, the air filled with the aftermath of sex and the knowledge of more to come.
After a while I said Id like to pay for my second offence when the Ranger is ready.
Really sir, she replied, and what did you have in mind?
Well as youve been in your canoe most of the day I thought that perhaps your back and bottom might be in need of a deep and penetrating massage, in the interests of the Rangers good health and performance on the job of course.
I see. Does the offender mean an internal and an external massage? Does the boat carry suitable err... supplies and equipment?
That was then intention. I have some light olive oil which would be aromatic and perfect. Does the Ranger need anything else?
The Ranger finds that when her back and posterior is massaged she has a tendency to become a little wild. It would be best therefore to restrain the Ranger with suitable rope. Purely in the interests of safety you understand sir.
I reached into a side locker and picked out some sail ties, four feet long soft tapes used to tie the main sail to the boom when not in use. Would these suit the Rangers purpose? I held them up to her. She felt the softness of the tape and nodded her assent.
You may begin when you please, but I warn you unless your performance is outstanding the Ranger may be obliged to continue the course of punishment until all possibility of re-offending is removed.
Ill be happy to do what the Ranger requires, I said as I slipped the end of a tape round her throat and tied it in a gently knot. I smiled at her and she smiled back trusting me to take care of her. I lifted the tape, encouraging her to stand and lead her towards the companion way. I descended first and then she followed on her little lead. She came down the steps facing forward and I could see the fluid wetting her and making her inner thighs slick.
I lead her into my main aft cabin and to the large double bunk. I placed a pillow in the middle of the bunk and said. If the Ranger would like to lie face down with her hips on the pillow I will begin the restraint procedure. She did as I asked. I then slipped a tape round each wrist and secured them loosely but firmly to the sides on the bed. I then tied her ankles together with a two foot gap so she could part her legs, but only a little. I then released her neck tie and retied it around her breasts and across her back like a little thin bra. I noticed she was breathing hard and beginning to squirm. I sat back and looked at her spread out with on my bunk, her strong shoulders and arms stretched out; her rounded cheeks pushed up by the pillow, a hint of a darker aureole round her anus and her shapely legs slightly apart displaying her soft damp hair. God she looked sexy, strong but helpless, in charge but unable to move very much.
If the Ranger is ready Ill begin the massage.
The Ranger is ready but you will need to be careful the Ranger has not had the full internal massage for sometime.
I will be careful and let the Ranger be my guide.
With that I knelt across her so her thighs were between mine and my cock lay between her thighs an inch from her beautiful pussy. My cock was solid hard again and just waiting for the massage to begin. I opened the bottle of olive oil and smelled the sunlit slopes of Greece as I poured a little onto my hands to warm it up. Then I began to work the oil gently into her shoulder and back and at the same time nestling my cock between her legs. As I massaged she moved her hips and my cock slipped between her thighs massaging the full length of her pussy down to her clitoris and back and then into her waiting cunt. I massaged her back and fucked her slowly and gently at the same time, using more oil as I worked down her back to her hips and then after withdrawing my cock I settled back a little and poured a few drops of oil onto her naked cheeks. 
Using my hands I smoothed the oil into her firm roundness and felt her respond by pushing upwards against me. This had the effect of parting her cheeks and I saw for the first time the little brown star, tight and seductive, nestled there. I massaged some more oil into her gradually moving my hands until they stroked her most intimate place and felt her respond immediately with a push and a groan. 
I poured a few more drops of oil between her cheeks just above her anus so the cool oil ran down over her opening causing her to squeak and squirm. Then I knelt forward and began to massage the oil into the valley between her cheeks with my cock. I stroked my cock up and down the length of her crack from her clitoris right up to her lower back and down again, each time the tip of my cock caught a little in her anus causing both of us to groan and jump a little. Gradually as the massage went on my cock caught a little more in her tightness. Soon it didnt slip across the opening anymore and the very tip began to penetrate her most taboo place. She pushed up to meet my gentle probes and I gasped as the tightness enveloped the end of my cock and then with a little pop the head of my cock was inside her fit ass. 
I stopped for a moment then and lay over her, not crushing her but so she could feel my whole body. I whispered close into her ear. Is the Ranger ready to receive the full internal massage as offered?
Yes, shes ready. She gasped.
Is the Ranger ready for me to slide the whole of my thick cock into the Rangers anus, to have a load of semen placed deep in her bottom?
Yes, yes, the Rangers ready, the Ranger needs it now. She panted.
And will the Ranger come while her arsehole is being massaged internally by my long hard cock?
God yes! She panted as she bucked and pushed against me trying to get more than just the tip of my cock into her. I responded by pushing gently until the thickest part of my cock felt the resistance of her tight ring of muscle, then withdrew a little and she gasped and moaned. I knelt up and held the tape tied across her breasts and back and pulled on it gently as I pushed my cock with a firm strong stroke past the smooth firmness of her cheeks, the resistance of her opening and the delicious tightness of her anus. I slid the full length of my cock as deep into her as I could. The smoothness of her and the tightness was incredible. Looking down I could see my cock penetrating her as I pulled her towards me with the tape. I felt her clenching and relaxing her cheeks, massaging me with her fit little bottom. The feeling was amazing  very different from her pussy. 
I pulled out and pushed in again and again feeling her relax and letting me fuck her bottom faster without hurting her. She matched my thrusts with hers and soon began to moan aloud and make little panting cries as my cock reached its deepest point. I knew I wouldnt last long before I came  this ecstasy was too much for anyone  but I tried to hang on while the pressure built waiting for her to come as well. She was crying out, bucking, squirming, squeezing and releasing and pulling her head up and yanking against the tapes that held her. I couldnt keep up with her and knew I was going to come. I thrust faster and faster the moans and groans coming from me now and as the rising tide of passion raised its seventh wave I grunted like a primitive and came, filling her bottom with my semen with spasm after spasm of my cock. And then I felt her coming too. Her legs went rigid, her whole body was taught, I could hardly push my cock into her she was so tight. A tremor started in her legs and spread to her hips as she lost the fight and gave in to her orgasm. I could only cling on and try to time my final orgasmic thrusts with hers as she bucked and screamed and shuddered under my weight. It was amazing to feel her lose all control and share her ecstasy in such an overt way. As her passion subsided her movements became slower, more of a happy memory than an uncontrollable urge. I again lay gently on her, kissed her neck and shoulders, murmured small sounds into her hair and covered her with my warmth and care. She squeezed her cheeks to let me know it was good and sighed as she relaxed.
We lay like that for ages, neither speaking, until eventually my cock grew small enough that not even her tightness could keep me in any more. I gently undid her bonds, turned her onto her side, pulled up a sheet and held her close in my arms.
We woke in the early dawn and made gentle love again. This was deep caring sex, not the frantic passionate kind, but just as sexy in its own way.
Later over breakfast I said, Well Ranger Jean, did I pass the test. She laughed.
You can drop the Ranger bit now. Jean will do, and yes you have paid your dues to the national park. I just need a few more bits of information.
Oh yes? What do you need?
She looked at me more vulnerable than Id seen her and said, Please tell me youre not married and youre not leaving soon I lifted her face, kissed her and told her the truth.
Im not married and Im not leaving anytime soon, not unless youre coming with me.
Do you mean that?
Yes.
We were married about 10 months later in a wooden lodge on the edge of the park. We spent our honeymoon cruising the quite coves and bays of the park in our boat. As a wedding gift she gave me a copy of the National Park Authority Handbook. Of course there was no regulation 101.69, but I knew that anyway.


Copyright Darius Thornhill August 2006
More at http://www.asstr.org/~DariusThornhill