"We're coming with you, of course," Callan told Azkadellia. "You're not going anywhere by yourself, especially not someplace we know nothing about."

Azkadellia pushed the hood from her head and tried not to shiver under his intense gaze. Della wasn't any better, but he merely voiced his opinion with a grim expression. "I wouldn't assume anything different," she told him soothingly. "But I did promise to help Deeg however I could, and this is one thing she really wants."

"By going to a different Zone to fight the bitch that made those two witches insane? By leading an army made of up of shadows?"

"If that's how it has to be," Azkadellia began slowly.

"Delia, what do you know about this Court? Other than what that shifter told you?" Della asked, cutting off Callan's reply.

"They were created to overthrow Queen Lurlaine. The idea was to put Ozma on the throne of the Dawn Sanctuary," Azkadellia replied, looking at him. "What is it?"

"All those stories that your sister told, and not one of them made it sound like Ozma could rule over a country. I'm wondering if they're planning on putting your sister on the throne there, and expect her to rule over two Zones."

Azkadellia froze in place. "Even Deeg can't be in two places at once."

"Right. Which would leave the OZ without a ruler. She'd be stuck there, because she doesn't know how to make a storm to get herself back, and she'd be in a place full of magic that could trap her there."

"She said she could probably figure out a way to make those portals Lurlaine was using, instead of having to rely on travel storms like I do."

"I don't like it," Callan replied, crossing his arms over his chest. "We're headed somewhere we don't know to fight a war that probably isn't going to be anything like we know."

Azkadellia pushed the cloak off of her shoulders and wrapped an arm around Callan. She beckoned Della over with her other arm, and he stepped forward enough so that she could wrap it around him. "I don't know how things are going to be. You know as much as I do about that place from what Deeg said. But we'll be together for all of it, I promise."

Della placed a kiss along the curve of Azkadellia's neck. "That's the only part I didn't doubt."

Azkadellia sat in her suite later that night. Callan was sleeping and Della was leaving her to her thoughts for the moment. Their belongings were all packed, and they were planning to arrive in the Mirror Zone by travel storm early in the morning. Ataio had refused to go along, of course, and Azkadellia was sure that she would miss their conversations. She had always loved learning about magic and theory as a child, and had exhausted Tutor's knowledge long before she was ready to stop. Maybe that was why she let herself fall under the Sorceress' spell at first. She hadn't started being mean right away. She hadn't seemed all that bad at first.

You worry too much for this task, Ataio commented, flying in through her open window.

Azkadellia smiled at him softly. I've been second guessing myself for a long time. It's a hard habit to break.

He laid a hand on her shoulder and gave it a squeeze. We all find our way eventually.

Azkadellia didn't say anything as he flew out of her window. She went to sit beside Della in her sitting room, their belongings packed and ready for travel. It wasn't much more than the travel preparations she had made months ago, when she had decided to find the Breakers. Still, it seemed different and more nerve wracking for her this time around. The last time, she hadn't known what she was getting herself into. This time, she knew.

"I couldn't be of any use here," she murmured, dropping her head onto his shoulder. He was sitting in front of the fireplace, staring at the flickering flames. He nodded wordlessly. "It might be interesting, exploring new places."

Della turned to look at her, and shifted so that his arm was around her. "Maybe Callan and I won't be so useless there. That's the thing we worry about. All that magic over there, all that new stuff... Would you even need us there?"

Azkadellia pulled back to look him in the eye. "Of course I would! How could you even think that? I need you both."

"Here, it's a war with swords and cannons and things that's only augmented with magic. There, it's the other way around. And we have no idea if the magic there is going to make it impossible to do anything physical." Della slid his hand up to cup her face. "We don't doubt you love us, that you'd need us for that alone. We just doubt being useful in any other way."

"They still have physical forms. They can be hurt. That's what you told me about the Ice Witch."

Della smiled. "Yeah. That didn't exactly end well, if you recall."

"We're still together," Azkadellia said fiercely. She leaned forward and kissed Della, trying to pour as much of herself into the kiss. "I'm going to do whatever I can to keep it that way."

He held her tightly. "Of course you are, Delia. Of that we had no doubt at all."

Neither mentioned that they were going to wage war against someone who had condemned her own family to a fate they considered worse than death.
***
As soon as it was confirmed that the communication and linking spells had set on the mirrors, DG looked up at Azkadellia. "You'll be okay. You know that, right?" she asked.

Azkadellia's lips twitched. "Isn't it my job to tell you that you'll be all right?"

She grinned at her sister. "I never did do things the right way, did I?"

Azkadellia couldn't help but laugh. "Somehow it seems to work out for you, though."

DG grasped Azkadellia's hand tightly. "Whatever I did, or didn't do, I want you to know that I still love you. And I'm sorry for everything that's my fault."

She couldn't deal with this right now. She hadn't wanted to think about her possession, the quiet months afterward as she hid in the shadows of her sister's rising reputation. She hadn't wanted to think of how desperate she had been to get out, that she had bent over and tied herself into knots because there was a fine line between what she could and couldn't help doing while she was possessed. Saving the OZ the last time had been her penance, and even that she couldn't do right, could she?

Azkadellia pasted a smile on her face. "Of course, Deeg. You're my sister. I know you didn't mean it. You couldn't."

It would likely always sit between them, this awkwardness. Each sister blamed herself for what had happened, and neither could convince the other of their point of view.

Because the Breakers no longer existed, the sisters were going to communicate between the Zones via enchanted mirrors. Azkadellia had laid the groundwork on the spells, and DG had added her own flair to it. It had taken a day for the spells to sink into the mirrors, little ones easily hidden on their person. The size was "like a compact," though Azkadellia hadn't known what that meant. She could still advise DG about the situation with the nobles, and DG could advise her about the Mirror Zone if needed.

"You'll take care of yourself," DG insisted, looking at her with an intent look. "And your guys will, too. But still... I should be there. That's my war. I started it. That should be me going there and doing that."

"This is your war here, too," Azkadellia reminded her. "And they need to see you here, that your intentions are to protect the people. The OZ needs you." It went unsaid that they didn't need Azkadellia, that she was superfluous and unwanted. She was the broken sister, the corrupted sister. She was the reason things went wrong in the first place.

"I will come help you as soon as I can, okay?" DG insisted. She took a locket from around her neck and placed it around Azkadellia's. "Here. It's my promise. Once Siba's taken care of, I'll come to help finish things."

"If I haven't taken care of it by then," Azkadellia assured her. She smiled and looked over to where Callan and Della were waiting. They were encased in shadows, the members of the Shadow Brigade that had volunteered to return to the Mirror Zone and help rally an army for the Unseelie Court. "We'll be fine."

The travel storm deposited them in Ceftin Fields, not far from the Lunchpail Grove and the Berrywine Farm. DG had said that the farm's owner was Melinda Berrywine, who had three young children and had been all too happy to discuss the Mirror Zone's history. The Shadow Brigade members departed to test the current climate within the Zone and see how Lurlaine's servants might respond to the call to arms.

After a quick consultation of the map, they headed for the Berrywine farm. It was a fairly short walk, and the weather in that particular section of the Mirror Zone was cool and clear. It was a good harvest day, and plenty of field hands dotted the farm. They headed straight for the farmhouse, which looked exactly the way DG had described it. Della knocked on the door, and Callan took up position beside Azkadellia.

The woman that opened the door was not the petite redheaded woman that DG had described, however. "Could we speak with Melinda Berrywine?" Azkadellia asked the confused young woman at the door. She had dark hair tied messily into a bun at the top of her head, and her apron was dusted with flour. She had likely been in the kitchen getting ready to make lunch for the assembled field hands.

The woman looked even more confused. "But there ain't been no Melinda Berrywine in years now," she said, looking at them.

"Red hair, petite, six children?" Della asked, remembering the description DG had given them.

"That sounds like Melinda, right," the young woman said with a nod, "but see here, she's dead." She looked at the three stunned faces in front of her. "Sorry."

"Harold Junior, then?" Callan asked.

"Well, Granddad's dead, too," the young woman replied with a frown. She looked from them to the open road behind them in concern. "Mebbe you best come in."

They filed into the kitchen. Lynn Berrywine was Melinda's great-granddaughter and current head of the household. Her brother Desmond had been killed in a raid the year before along with their parents, so it fell to her to care for everything and still get the younger children settled.

"I don't understand," Azkadellia murmured, shaking her head. "My sister was here not that long ago. She was traveling with Cain and the Princess Ozma. She told me this."

"The Outsiders," Lynn said with a nod. "Graddad used to tell stories about that, when we had real live princesses in our very house. Very proud, he was. Said they were really pretty and nice to us, and went on their way traveling so that Princess Ozma could get back home safely. She goes out and about every few generations, and it was time for her to go home."

"Every few generations?" Callan asked, eyebrows rising.

"Well, yes. She and the Queen are eternal. That's the way of it in the Sanctuary," Lynn replied primly, rolling out the dough that she would eventually cut into biscuits. "The rest of us just muddle on by the best we can."

"And those raids...?" Della began, frowning at the girl.

Lynn shrugged. "Started about my parents' time, I suppose. They've always been around. You just keep out of the way when they come, and that's how it goes."

"Who are they?" Azkadellia said, hoping to catch Lynn's eye.

But the girl wouldn't look up. "Sisters of princesses are still princesses, yeah? And they don't ever travel alone. My Granddad always said to be good to princesses. Good things happen to families that do that, and we had good crops until the raids started." She flattened the dough, lips pressed tight. "We thought they'd stopped, but they came back last year. And everything's gone different. Everything always goes different."

Azkadellia scuttled forward after removing her cloak and putting aside the ebony walking stick. "Lynn? Who are the ones raiding the farm?"

Lynn put the rolling pin down. "Some folk call 'em Wheelers. There used to be Wheelers, long time ago. When we were still part of Oz, before that land fell apart and had to be pieced back together with magic." She looked up at Azkadellia. "They were supposed to be a story, like how Blackrock used to have trees on it and how Homespun Valley used to have farms. Like there used to be an Oz before the Mirror Lands."

"Wheelers?" Della asked. Azkadellia shot him and Callan a look that clearly said she had no idea what the girl was talking about.

"Stories went that they were from Ev, when there was an Oz. They were harmless because they ain't got hands to punch or grab or scratch, ain't no feet to kick with. Stories went that they write warnings in the sand and make people afraid of 'em to protect themselves." Lynn picked up her rolling pin and began to roll the dough again. "Only, these Wheelers ain't harmless. They ain't harmless at all. They can punch and grab and scratch with them wheels. And can kick with them wheels. And they can kill and do worse with them wheels."

Azkadellia pulled Lynn into an embrace, ignoring the flour covering the girl. "What can we do to help?" she asked, voice quiet. She knew the kind of thing that men could do if they were allowed to. She'd heard plenty of reports about her Longcoats, after all.

The Sorceress' Longcoats. Not hers, not really, not the way it was supposed to count.

Lynn shrugged out of the embrace. "We just keep on keeping on, is all. How life is."

"Do they work for the Queen?" Della asked.

"Don't know," Lynn replied, shrugging. "But she sure don't stop 'em and I'm sure she could."

Azkadellia was starting to get a glimmer of an idea. "Where do they live? Where's Ev in the Mirror Zone?"

Lynn looked up sharply. "You can't go there! They'll kill you!"

"I have magic and two knights to protect me," Azkadellia told Lynn with a smile. The two sleeping Practitioners within her were thrumming with power, finally realizing just where they were. Home, they sang out with wide eyes and open arms, we're finally home!

"They're an army all among themselves," Lynn cried, shaking her head. "You can't take 'em on to make them stop. You can't."

"They just need to stop attacking the people," Azkadellia said, her lips curling into a darker shade of her smile. Della and Callan seemed to catch the distinction in her words. Still, Lynn was clearly distressed. "But let's not talk about that now. Why don't we help you get the food ready? And you can tell us about how things have changed since Princesses Dorothy and Ozma were here. How about that?"

Lynn clearly relaxed. "Well, you've got to change and look like us. Ain't no call to get attacks on us if people are wanting to ransom off a Princess and her knights. Lands about these parts aren't safe like they were for the other Princesses."

So Azkadellia's traveling clothes were left with Lynn, who was flustered at the idea of any finery like that being left in the farmhouse. "It's a present to thank you for helping us. You can use it as a wedding dress," Azkadellia offered, which seemed to calm Lynn down. She wore one of Lynn's homespun cotton blouses and dark skirts, woolen tights and kept her own shoes. The rest of their belongings had been kept in her old magic traveling bags, which didn't look so incredibly fine that Lynn feared for their safety on the road. Della and Callan traded their Center City tin man uniforms for Desmond's old clothing, which was still in the attic. Lynn had been saving it for when their youngest brother Ronald was old enough to fit into them, but the two tin men had more need of it. "You need to fit in more," Lynn told them, not quite meeting their eyes. "Can't be too fine about these parts or else."

Or else being the Wheelers, but that had been Azkadellia's intention.

There wasn't much space in the house, but Lynn let the three of them take one of the bedrooms in the back of the house. She thought it went unspoken that Azkadellia should have her own room and her knights to protect her. She didn't think anything of it when the three of them went inside the room to sleep, and went to bed with her younger brothers and sisters.

"So we're going to recruit these Wheelers, aren't we?" Della asked, locking the door behind him.

"That's the plan, at least. If they won't join us, I'll have to do something else about them. I can't... I don't know these people, and they're not even Deeg's friends, but I couldn't let this go on. It's too much like..." before, she almost said, but they understood what she meant.

Callan was nodding as he wrapped his arms around her. "I wouldn't expect you to just ignore them and say it's not your problem."

"You wouldn't?"

"That's not the Delia we know," Della murmured as Callan ended his embrace. "You're not as removed from things as you want people to believe."

Callan unbuttoned Azkadellia's blouse, a grin on his face. "It's a good look for you, Delia."

Because they called her Delia, so did the Berrywine household. Azkadellia thought it was only a matter of time before everyone knew it as her name. She smiled at Callan and started unbuttoning his shirt as well. Della was unlacing her boots, his fingers skimming along her calves. She felt so wickedly exposed; she had always been in heavy dresses and cloaks and corsets as the Sorceress, and even after her possession ended she had worn the same heavy kind of clothing. Her time with Della and Callan had been so very short before she had fallen into her coma, and she had never entertained the thought of dressing like DG had described clothes on the Other Side. She had always been a princess, had always needed to be formal. Going around without a corset since her waking had been the most informal she had ever been.

She liked it. She liked feeling their hands through the material of her dresses, and now having them undress her more easily. She liked having Callan's mouth descend over hers, his hands cupping her breasts with little in the way to stop him. She liked how Della tugged down the skirt and pulled down the tights, pressing his mouth to the juncture of her thighs. They tumbled to the bed, ache thick and heavy between her legs. Della's tongue traced her folds and dipped inside that growing center of need. Callan's tongue was in her mouth and his fingers stroked her nipples until they ached and she was so sensitive she thought she might come from the touch alone.

Azkadellia kept herself as quiet as she could as she came, her cries swallowed by Callan's mouth over hers. She broke the kiss and pulled Callan onto the bed more fully. She pushed Della back enough so that she could turn herself to rest on her hands and knees. Smiling sensuously at them both, she said "Remember, we have to stay quiet. The children are sleeping."

Della managed to silence his groan as he slid inside of her, and Callan had to shove a fist into his mouth to muffle the sound he made when Azkadellia wrapped her lips around his cock. Della held her hips in place, teeth grit to keep from making more than little groans at the feel of her. She had a harder time of it, but her mewling sounds were muffled by the length inside of her mouth. She focused on sliding her tongue along that length, taking him as far back as she could, one hand holding his hip to steady herself as the other propped her up. Callan knelt before her, one hand tangled in her long hair, the other holding the headboard behind him for balance as she sucked him as hard as she could.

Callan came first, biting back a cry as he spilled inside Azkadellia's mouth. She nearly choked, but managed to catch herself in time. Callan curled around her when she fell to her elbows, gasping for breath at the sensation of Della full inside of her and pushing her close to her own release. He whispered into her ear all the deliciously dirty things he wanted to say, a hand threaded through her hair to keep her from turning away. Della came with a groan as Azkadellia tightened around him, close to her own release. He thrust a few more times, until she shook from the force of her orgasm and fell against Callan.

They arranged themselves on the bed as best as they could. They would likely have to wake early in the morning, and hide their activities. Still, Azkadellia had the beginnings of a plan for gathering an army to fight Lurlaine.

If it had indeed been so many years since DG's travels in the Mirror Zone, Lurlaine would never know what hit her.
***
***