Weekend At The Lake
by noreaster20

Weekend At The Lake Ch. 03

A naked hike leads to a trio of orgasms in the woods.

"I'm getting close, Jack," Allie said between breaths. "Just keep..." her voice trailed off. "Just keep doing that."

Allie had completely given up on drinking her coffee and shifted her attention to outpacing Christi in their race to orgasm.

Right beside her, Christi was feverishly fingering herself while my tongue was hard at work between Allie's legs. From the sounds of Christi's breathing and moaning, she sounded just as determined to come first as Allie was. There was no way this was the first race between these two.

"I'm getting close, too, if anyone's wondering," Christi chimed in playfully.

I started to laugh until Allie chastised me.

"Don't you dare start laughing right now," Allie scolded in a half-serious tone. "Just pay attention to what you're doing down there until we win."

I did as I was told. I plunged my tongue between Allie's sex lips and tangoed with her swollen clit.

"Ahhh," Allie moaned in response, much more loudly than before. "Just like that."

I maintained the pressure on Allie's clit, mixing in the myriad methods of oral pleasure that Christi had mentioned to me earlier. Allie responded favorably to each of them and ran her fingers through my hair. I felt her push my head down further into her crotch as she began grinding against me on her final ascent toward orgasm.

I wanted to add a finger or two to the mix since my tongue was tiring from all the oral gymnastics, but I was determined to get this done with only my tongue. Fortunately, a few more licks was all it took before Allie began moaning loudly.

"Oh fuck, Jack," Allie groaned. "I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm fucking coming."

"You're not the only one," Christi interjected before letting out a long, loud groan. "Ohhhh yes."

I felt Christi's hand grabbing at the sheets next to me as she tried to anchor herself for the orgasmic tidal wave that was washing over her. Unable to find a good grip, her hand groped its way along my shoulder, up past my neck, and through my hair. She grabbed a fistful of hair and held on tight -- a little tighter than I might have liked -- while her other hand navigated the choppy waters of sexual climax. Allie instinctively shifted her hands to make room for Christi's.

I let my tongue go on autopilot and just took in the moment. I listened as Allie and Christi moaned, one after the other, almost as if each was trying to be the loudest one in the room. I felt each of them tug at my hair and grip the back of my neck. The bed rocked and creaked as their bodies shook with pleasure.

Before long, the commotion subsided. Both Allie and Christi melted back into the pillows in a hopeless attempt to catch their breath, letting go of my hair in the process. I gently pulled myself away from Allie's crotch and slid between the two girls further up the bed.

"Holy shit," Allie said. "That was incredible."

"I may have learned a thing or two earlier this morning," I admitted.

"Oh yeah?" Allie asked.

"Yup," Christi said. "Who knew he was such a fast learner? I guess you won't be needing me for orgasms anymore," Christi added playfully.

"Oh please," Allie countered. "You know I'll never say no to you going down on me, no matter how good Jack is at this."

I saw Christi smile out of the corner of my eye. She clearly took pride in her ability to make Allie come.

"It's too bad you lost the race, though," Allie continued.

"I most certainly did not, Allison," Christi shot back.

"You most certainly did," Allie replied. "I totally came before you did. Isn't that right, Jack?"

"I would say so," I chimed in.

"No no no," Christi pushed back. "Jack is too biased to be the judge of this, seeing as he's the one who was responsible for your orgasm."

"How about we call it a tie then?" Allie offered.

"Deal," Christi said. "But that just means we'll need a tiebreaker later."

"I like the sound of that," Allie replied.

"Me too," I said. "Something to look forward to for tonight."

The three of us rested quietly for a few more minutes in hopes of summoning our strength to get ready to leave.

"So, do I need to get dressed for this hike?" Allie asked as she swallowed the last few sips of her coffee.

"We probably should," Christi said. "At least to start. And definitely to leave the house. I don't think we should just walk out the front door naked for the world to see."

"Ugh, fine," Allie said. "But I'm not wearing clothes a second longer than I need to. Just so you know."

"Okay, Allie," Christi said with a laugh.

With that, the three of us rose from the bed and began getting ready. Christi and Allie headed to their rooms to get dressed while I stayed behind in my room. I opted for some lightweight clothes and comfortable shoes then walked down the hall to Allie's room. Christi had gotten dressed more quickly -- she wore a loose pair of black shorts and a red tank top -- and was already in there trying to move Allie along.

"Sports bras suck," Allie said as she pulled her lime green bra down over her breasts. "My boobs feel claustrophobic in this thing after spending the last two days free as a bird."

I couldn't help but chuckle at the comment.

"Oh, you think that's funny, Jack?" Allie jested. "If it's so amusing, why don't you wear one? I have an extra. Hope you like pink!"

Allie playfully threw a neon pink sports bra at me from across the room.

"Can you grab a backpack and a few bottles of water?" Christi said to me, taking control of the situation like the adult in the room.

"Sure," I said. "Anything else?"

"Maybe some sunscreen, too. And I guess a few granola bars would be good."

"Okay," I said. "I'll go do that now."

"Cool," Christi said. "Maybe once you're done, princess here will be ready to go."

Allie playfully gave Christi the middle finger as I whirled around and headed downstairs.

I gathered the few items that we needed and threw them into an old backpack. I also drank the last few ounces of coffee from earlier before turning off the machine and washing the coffee pot.

"Ready?" Christi asked as she and Allie walked into the kitchen.

"Yup," I replied.

Allie was finally fully dressed. She went with some black spandex shorts that showed off her curves and a white tank top that only partially obscured the lime green sports bra underneath. No matter what she wore, Allie always managed to look insanely attractive.

"Who's driving?" Christi asked.

"I can," I said, grabbing my keys as we walked out the front door.

The three of us piled into my car. Christi sat upfront with me while Allie sat in the back. Even though it was only late morning, the interior of my car was already very warm. Sitting in direct sunlight in the driveway probably didn't help.

"Holy shit it's hot in here," Allie said. "So glad I wore all these clothes."

"Would you rather get arrested for public indecency on the front lawn instead?" Christi asked.

"At least then I wouldn't be sweating," Allie quipped, not missing a beat.

I backed the car out of the driveway and drove off. Christi turned on the radio, and Allie rolled down the windows in a seemingly futile attempt to cool off.

After driving for a few minutes, we had made our way out of the residential area surrounding the lake and onto a less busy back road that led toward the forest. The road became increasingly wooded as we drove further, and the earthy smell of the foliage crept into the car.

"Well, that's enough of this," Allie said. Noticing that this road was more secluded, she began to strip in the back seat. Allie pulled off her tank top, followed by her sports bra, letting the breeze brush over her small but firm boobs.

I struggled to keep my eyes on the road and off the topless girl in the back seat.

"You lasted longer than I expected you to," Christi joked. "That was a whole five minutes."

"Hey," Allie replied. "If it were up to me, it wouldn't have even been five seconds."

I watched in the rearview mirror as Allie fiddled with her waistband for a few seconds before tugging her shorts down and out of sight. Her underwear soon followed, leaving Allie completely naked except for her socks and shoes.

"Your turn, Christi." Allie said. "Time to ditch the clothes."

Christi didn't object. She pulled her tank top and sports bra over her head, leaving her pert breasts fully exposed. Her thick brown nipples hardened as the summer breeze danced over her skin.

Christi's shorts came off next, followed by her white cotton underwear. Her dark brown bush soaked up the sunlight that streamed through the open windows.

"There," Christi said. "Happy?"

"Almost," Allie replied. "Just one more person left."

"I can't right now," I said. "I'm a little busy at the moment in case you couldn't tell -- you know, just making sure we don't drive into a tree or anything."

"True," Allie said. "How about you just take your cock out then?"

"You have a solution for everything, don't you?" I asked.

"Sure do," Allie replied. "Now, let's see it."

Deciding that resistance was futile, I agreed. Keeping my grip on the steering wheel with my left hand, I fiddled with the zipper on my shorts with my right hand. Unfortunately, the zipper was stuck, and my attempts to loosen it with one hand were unsuccessful.

"Sorry, Allie," I said. "My zipper has other ideas. I guess you'll just have to wait."

Not wanting to be defeated by a pair of shorts, Allie leaned forward and tried to resolve the situation herself. My dick hardened as her hands grabbed at my crotch amid her struggle with my zipper.

"A little help here, Christi?" Allie asked in a commanding sort of way. "I can't get it from back here."

Christi hesitated.

"Go ahead," I said, trying to keep my eyes on the winding road through the woods.

Christi leaned over from the passenger seat and with two hands was able to loosen the zipper. I felt her unbutton my shorts and pull the zipper all the way down, leaving my boxers exposed.

Christi looked at me as if to request my okay to finish the process. I nodded in affirmation.

Christi reached her hand into my boxers and took hold of my shaft. The skin on her hand was soft and warm. Christi ran her hand along my hardened length until she reached the tip. Then, with some gentle pulling, she freed my enlarged member and brought it out into the sunlight.

Trying not to get any more aroused than I already was, I kept my eyes on the road and looked straight ahead. I felt Christi's hand linger for a second or two before she let go of me and returned her hands to her lap. My crotch tingled with arousal.

In my mind, I knew it was just the reverse of earlier that morning when Christi ran my hand through her bush. This was basically the same. Still, it felt different -- more intimate, in a way. But unlike earlier when I was almost nervous to make contact with Christi's crotch, now it just felt kind of natural. I had to wonder how Christi was feeling.

"All set," Christi said, rousing me from my thoughts.

"Perfect," Allie replied with a smile. "Now how about you turn the music up so we can all sit back and enjoy the drive?"

Christi did just that.

We drove quietly for the next twenty minutes or so, listening to the music and feeling the summer air caress our exposed skin. Every so often, I thought I saw Christi looking over at my crotch, but I couldn't be sure. Maybe, despite her unwavering nonchalance with all this, she still had some curiosity left in her after all.

Soon enough, we pulled into a dirt parking lot located just off the wooded road we had driven on. There were no other cars in sight, which was a little surprising since it was a holiday weekend. Then again, with the weather as hot as it was, most people probably opted to spend their time on the lake.

The parking lot was located at the trailhead for a nature path that wound its way through the trees. If I remembered correctly, the trail made its way up a gradual slope that, at its apex, looked out over a river valley down below. It would make for a decent workout without being unbearably difficult.

Allie swung her door open and hopped out of the car, not wanting to waste any time.

"Aren't you forgetting something?" Christi called after her.

"What do you mean?" Allie replied.

"Your clothes," Christi said.

"You really think we need them?" Allie asked. "It looks like we're the only ones here."

"I could toss them in the backpack and carry them with us," I offered. "Just in case we run into someone."

"Good idea, Jack," Christi said.

Christi reached down and started gathering her clothes.

"Don't worry about it," I said. "I'll grab everything. I want to organize the backpack so everything fits."

"Don't forget to take your clothes off, too," Allie chimed in through the open window.

"I won't," I said.

I unbuckled my seatbelt and turned around to grab Allie's clothes, which were strewn across the back seat. Meanwhile, Christi exited the car and joined Allie in the sun.

Having collected all of Allie's clothes, I turned my attention to Christi's. As I reached down to collect them from the floor, I noticed a small wet spot on the front passenger seat. I guess Christi got a little excited on the drive up here herself, I thought. I had to wonder if it was from her furtive glances at my exposed member during the drive.

After stuffing the girls' clothes into the backpack, I stepped out of the car, disrobed, and then tossed my clothes into the backpack, as well. The backpack turned out to be a little bit bulkier than I had hoped -- I wasn't anticipating carrying three outfits around -- but fortunately it was more cumbersome than heavy.

I joined Allie and Christi on the other side of the car where both of them had decided to undertake a few stretches. Deciding that was a good idea, I joined in.

"Can I have the sunscreen, Jack?" Christi asked. "I know there's a lot of trees, but some of the trail is in the direct sun, and I'd rather not get a sunburn."

"Same," Allie added.

"You couldn't have asked me that before I packed everything away?" I asked.

"Sorry," Christi said with a warm smile.

I dug around in the backpack for a few seconds before locating the blue plastic bottle. I opened the cap and squirted a dollop of the creamy white lotion on each of our palms. The three of us applied the sunscreen to our faces, arms, and torsos.

"Can you get my back?" Allie asked Christi.

"Yup," Christi replied, motioning to me for another squirt of sunscreen, which I provided. "Can you do mine while I do Allie's?" Christi asked me.

"Sure," I said. "No problem."

As Christi started rubbing the lotion into Allie's back, I got some more lotion and did the same to Christi. When Christi began moving down Allie's back toward her waist, I did the same.

Sensing that I was following her motions, Christi got more creative. Her hands slid down to Allie's bum, where Christi added some circular motions with her thumbs.

"Mmmm," Allie blurted out. "This feels nice."

Not wanting to be outdone, I did the same. I let my hands go to work on Christi's bottom, rubbing the little sunscreen residue that was left on my hands into her skin. My hands cupped her round cheeks, and I gave each a quick squeeze after giving in to the mischievous pressure in the back of my mind. Christi's cheeks were firm but not overly toned, instead retaining a bit of cushion that offered just enough to grab.

Realizing what I had done, Christi took it a step further. I watched as she ran her hands down the back of Allie's legs then back up, moving her hands to the insides of Allie's legs so that they reached the end of their journey at Allie's crotch. Christi gently slipped one finger inside of Allie before quickly removing it. Christi's finger glistened in the sunlight.

"Oooh," Allie said. "Someone's still horny."

Both girls laughed in unison.

"What's the matter, Jack?" Christi quipped. "Had enough of copying my every move?"

"Something like that," I replied. "Guess you'll just have to do the rest yourself."

Christi frowned.

Was she disappointed that I stopped there? Did she actually want me to do that? Two days ago, I would've said no way. But at this point, with all of us a lot more comfortable with each other, I couldn't definitively rule it out.

"How about you do my back instead?" I asked, shifting the conversation back to the task at hand.

Christi did as I asked, getting some more sunscreen and rubbing it on my back and shoulders. Determined to have a little fun, she let her hands glide along my ass for a few seconds and then, to my surprise, slid her hands forward until they were at my crotch. For the briefest moment, Christi cupped my balls in her hand before quickly releasing them. I felt a dull ache as they dropped back down from the gravitational pull.

"There," Christi said. "All set." She smiled and winked at me as I turned around.

The three of us finished applying sunscreen to the few remaining areas on our bodies and then set off on our hike.

We followed the path closely, careful to avoid any hazardous conditions. We exchanged a few words here and there but mostly tried to just take in the sights and sounds of the summer foliage. It was a truly tranquil environment -- until Allie broke the silence.

"Can we stop for a minute?" Allie asked. "I have to pee."

Christi and I nodded and stepped off to the side of the trail to rest. I assumed that Allie would go a little ways into the woods while Christi and I waited, but Allie apparently had other plans. All of a sudden, I heard a splashing sound a foot or so away from us. I looked over and quickly realized that it was Allie. A powerful stream of light yellow liquid gushed from between her legs and collected in a puddle on the side of the path.

"Oh, sorry," I said as I made a feeble attempt to avert my gaze.

"For what?" Allie asked casually.

"I didn't mean to look," I replied. "I thought you were heading into the woods a little more."

"Why?" she asked.

"For privacy?" I answered questioningly.

"Oh," Allie said back. "Well, it's a little late for that now." Allie winked at me with a smile as the puddle beneath her feet widened in diameter. "I guess I forgot you weren't used to this part."

"Is anyone?" I asked.

"Oh yes," Allie responded as her stream slowed to a trickle. "Christi has seen me pee at least a hundred times."

"Really?" I asked.

"Yup," Allie responded, shaking herself dry. "I mean, for one thing, girls go to the bathroom together all the time. For another, when your roomie already sees you naked all the time, what's the difference?"

"I guess that's true," I said.

"Besides," Christi chimed in. "Guys pee next to each other all the time. This is no different from that"

"Yeah," I said. "But we don't usually stand right next to each other chatting while we do it. And it's not like anybody's watching each other."

"Nobody said you had to watch today," Allie quipped. "You decided to do that all on your own."

She was right. At first I had tried to avert my gaze, but there was something mesmerizing about it. Maybe it was Allie's nonchalance with it all, or maybe it was just something new and unexpected. Whatever it was, I liked watching more than I was willing to admit. Fortunately, I managed to avoid getting hard, which let me keep my secret to myself.

"Ready to keep moving?" Allie asked.

"Yup," Christi and I said in unison.

The three of us marched on, slowly making our way through the forest on the dirt trail. While we mostly walked side-by-side, occasionally I'd lag behind by a couple of steps. When I did, I got to take in the views of Allie's ass alongside Christi's. Similar to their boobs, Allie's ass was a little bit smaller than Christi's, but it also was firmer and slightly more toned. Christi, on the other hand, had a fuller butt with a little more give to it. With each step, Christi's bottom would wiggle and jiggle ever so slightly, as if to remind the viewer that there was plenty to grab if given the opportunity.

The nudity had become so natural at this point that I basically forgot that one of the unclothed women in front of me was my older sister and that the three of us were stomping around naked out in public. It was nice to just exist naked like that, not worrying about being exposed or discovered.

Every so often, a warm summer breeze would come along. I'd feel the rush of air on my face and between my legs, lowering the temperature of my overheating crotch by a couple of degrees, which was a welcome sensation to say the least.

Before long, the three of us made it to the end of the trail. It culminated at the top of the overlook with the river valley down below. It was far from white water rapids, but you could hear the trickle of the water even from up above. The scene was tranquil and serene -- a welcome break from the craziness of day-to-day life.

"I love that view," Christi said once the three of us slowed to a stop. "It's always worth the effort it takes to get up here."

"Agreed," I said.

Tired from the hike, we sat down in a semi-shaded spot a few feet off the trail. Allie sat in the middle with Christi on her right and me on her left.

I slowly removed the backpack that the girls had left me to lug around. The sudden rush of air was a welcome feeling of relief on my sweaty back.

"You have no idea how good it felt to take that backpack off," I said.

"Sweaty?" Allie asked.

"Mhmm," I said with a nod.

"Can't be any sweatier than under my boobs," Christi added with a chuckle. "You don't want to know how bad it is under there."

"I do," Allie said, reaching over with her hand to cup Christi's left breast, which was closest to Allie.

"Allie!" Christi exclaimed, playfully swatting at Allie's hand.

"What?" Allie said back.

"That's gross!" Christi said.

"Oh relax," Allie replied. "It's not gross, and neither is this."

Allie leaned forward and took Christi's nipple into her mouth before pulling back. Christi's brown nipple had already begun to harden.

"If it's too gross for you, I can stop," Allie said coyly.

"I didn't say that," Christi replied. "I mean you've already decided you don't mind, so don't stop now."

Allie smiled then took Christi's nipple back into her mouth. Christi closed her eyes and let out a soft groan. There was no doubt that Christi was enjoying this.

Allie pulled back once more. By now, Christi's nipple had fully hardened. It glistened in the midday sun after the attention it had just received from Allie's mouth.

"Want me to make it even?" Allie asked with a grin.

"Always," Christi replied.

Allie complied. Christi didn't adjust her position at all, which forced Allie to lean forward in order to take Christi's other nipple into her mouth. To do that, Allie lifted her bum off the ground, offering me an unobstructed rear view of her clean shaven vulva.

As Allie extended her tongue to make contact with Christi's breast, I extended my own tongue and ran it along the crevice between Allie's sex lips. The familiar scent of Allie's vagina mixed with the smell of the grass that Allie had just been sitting on. It gave her crotch a woodsy, natural aroma. I continued to run my tongue along Allie's vulva, tickling her sensitive skin without going overboard. Unable to take much more of my tongue teasing, Allie pushed herself back toward me, causing my tongue to thrust inside her. The grassy smells gave way to the now more powerful taste of Allie's interior.

I let my tongue glide in and out of Allie's sex in rhythm with her thrusting motions. Every so often, I'd mix in a quick flick of her clit with my tongue, which invariably elicited a moan, groan, or squeal.

To her credit, Allie continued to tend to Christi's boobs, alternating between the two while keeping her bum in the air. Her ability to maintain focus was impressive.

For my part, I had kept my eyes on Allie's ass. But at one point, I looked up and over at Christi and caught her staring right back at me. She smiled and gave me an I-told-you-this-weekend-would-be-fun look. I smiled back as if to say "I know."

Meanwhile, Allie had gotten wetter -- partly from my tongue and partly from her own intensifying arousal. She pulled her mouth away from Christi's torso and looked back at me longingly.

"Do you want to fuck me?" Allie said, not wasting any time dancing around the matter. Her electric blue eyes radiated with desire.

I nodded.

"Then what're you waiting for?" Allie asked.

Not needing to be told twice, I adjusted myself and rose to my knees. I positioned my dick, which at this point was as hard as granite, at the entrance to Allie's vagina. I caught Christi's gaze once more as I began pushing into Allie. In a way, Christi looked proud. Maintaining eye contact with Christi the whole time, I pushed deeper inside Allie.

"Fuuuuuck," Allie groaned as her sex lips wrapped around my penis. "Ohhhh that feels good."

"I'll bet," Christi said.

"I think you need someone inside you, too," Allie replied.

Christi didn't object. Allie reached toward Christi's crotch, sending her nimble fingers into the jungle of curls atop Christi's mons before letting them work their way inside of Christi's lips. Christi let out a long moan in approval, and Allie returned her mouth to Christi's breasts.

I began thrusting. I worked my dick in and out of Allie slowly but steadily, careful not to overdo it and ejaculate too quickly.

Allie's fingers went to work at the same time, sending ripples through Christi's body while Allie continued to devote oral attention to Christi's nipples.

Both of my hands were on Allie's hips as I slid in and out of her. Every so often, I'd pull her toward me during one of my thrusts, causing our bodies to collide. Allie let out a loud groan each time.

All the while, Allie massaged Christi's vagina. Despite being out of sync at first, Allie soon was able to match my pace so that each plunge of my penis coincided with each thrust of Allie's fingers.

It didn't take long for Christi to catch on. When she did, she directed her gaze toward me and watched intently as I rhythmically penetrated Allie. Christi and I looked at each other, neither of us saying anything and instead just watching each other steadily march toward orgasm.

"You two are too fucking quiet," Allie interjected after pulling her mouth away from Christi's boobs. "We're all by ourselves in the middle of the woods and you guys are acting like you're in a library."

"You want me to talk dirty to you, Allison?" Christi said, jumping into the fray without hesitation. "Hmm? Would you like that? You like having Jack in your pussy, don't you, Allie?"

Allie nodded without saying anything, as her mouth had turned its attention back to Christi's nipples.

"You like the way he fucks you, don't you?" Christi continued. "You like the feel of his dick going in and out of you, hmm? The way his balls smack against you as he takes you from behind?"

I had slowed my pace a bit but quickend my thrusts again, almost subconsciously, after Christi's comment. The familiar sound of my balls colliding with Allie's body returned. Christi noticed and smiled at me again.

"Oooh, Allie," Christi said, almost gleefully. "I think Jack likes it, too. Isn't that right, Jack?"

I nodded silently.

"Mhmm, I thought so," Christi proceeded. "Come on, Jack. Fuck her like you mean it. Fuck her like your life depends on it."

I began thrusting harder. My knees ached a little, and I was sweating profusely in the midday heat. Then again, all of us were. Allie's back glistened with sweat, and so did Christi's forehead. The gentle summer breeze was nowhere near enough to cool us off amid our current activities.

Allie fingered Christi faster now, instinctively matching my speed. From the sound of it, Christi was very wet.

"Fuck," Christi blurted out, seemingly by accident. "That feels so good, Allie."

Christi had closed her eyes for a moment, but she looked back at me when she reopened them.

"Just like that, Jack," Christi said, directing her comments back to me. "Fuck Allie hard, just like that, until she comes. That's what you want, isn't it, Allie? To come from Jack's hard dick inside you?"

I felt Allie's vagina tighten around me. I wondered whether it was subconscious or intentional. Either way, the added friction felt good -- maybe a little too good. I tried to slow down so as not to peak too soon, but with Allie similarly slowing down between Christi's legs, Christi wasn't having it.

"Did I tell you to slow down, Jack?" Christi asked as she gazed into my eyes.

I shook my head.

"Then fix it," Christi commanded with a devilish smile. "Fuck Allie's pussy harder, Jack. You can do it."

I did. I used my hands to pull Allie back toward me with each thrust, quickening my pace all the while. Allie squealed with delight as she took my length deep inside her.

"Shit," Christi interjected, responding to Allie's increase in tempo once again. "I don't know how much more of this I can take, Allie."

"What's wrong?" Allie asked mockingly after pulling her mouth back from Christi's boobs. "Can't hold your O?"

"Not if..." Christi's voice trailed off as she breathed heavily. "Not if you keep doing that. You're too good at this."

"Let's finish her, Jack," Allie said to me, looking back over her shoulder. Her blue eyes shimmered with exuberance in the summer sun. "You finish me, and I'll finish her."

I kept thrusting, just as hard, just as fast. This time, Allie didn't return to Christi's boobs but instead kissed her on the mouth. I watched as Christi opened her mouth to Allie, letting Allie's tongue slip in to meet her own. Christi's eyes closed as she lost herself in the moment. Her nipples, sufficiently sucked, stood out prominently in the middle of her light brown areolas and were a testament to her unabated arousal. A few seconds later, the two girls broke apart and smiled at each other with desire until Allie's focus was diverted.

"Fuck," Allie said, almost screaming now, as her vagina began to tighten. "Finish me, Jack."

I kept going, trying my best to hold my own orgasm back which was becoming more and more difficult with each thrust. Meanwhile, Christi had directed her gaze back toward me as Allie brought her toward climax. Allie's pace still matched my own, and Christi's body shook with each movement of Allie's fingers.

Christi watched -- and indirectly felt -- each of my thrusts. In a way, it was the reverse of the night before. That time, as Christi fucked Eric down the hall, Allie used her hands to stroke me at the same tempo. Now, I was the one having sex, and Allie was taking Christi along for the ride. After our conversation over coffee earlier that morning, I knew Christi enjoyed watching Allie have sex. I wondered if she still enjoyed it knowing that I was the one having sex with Allie. From the look in her eyes, I'd venture to guess she did.

Then it happened -- all of it, all at once. Allie came first, letting out a long, loud moan along with a selection of curse words. I could feel her vagina pulsing around my penis as her grip on my shaft tightened. While the shockwaves ran through her body, Allie kept working on Christi's crotch until she climaxed, too. It didn't take long -- just a few more seconds -- and then Christi went over the edge. She looked right at me as she came, her whole body shuddering as the orgasm coursed through her. She lifted her butt off the ground and bucked her hips toward the sky. Christi screamed in pleasure -- not any words in particular, just a guttural sound that was swallowed up by the heavy, humid summer air.

Between Allie's tight grip on my member and Christi's emotive orgasm, I knew I was quickly approaching the point of no return.

"I'm about to come," I said as I panted heavily.

"Whenever you're ready," Allie said back.

I came after the next thrust, depositing spurt after spurt of cum inside of Allie's sex. A warm wave of pleasure washed over my entire body and hovered in the back of my head before fading away.

After I had finished and withdrawn from Allie's vagina, Allie leaned forward and collapsed into Christi's lap from a mix of pleasure and exhaustion. I just looked on for a few seconds until both Allie and Christi beckoned me to join them with an outstretched hand. I tried to move forward, but my legs had gone to jelly from all the activity, causing me to fall forward into Christi's body like Allie had. My face pushed against Christi's left breast as her nipple -- still plenty hard -- pressed into my cheek.

"Sorry," I mumbled breathlessly as I looked up toward Christi and tried to find somewhere else to put my head.

"Shhh," Christi whispered back. "It's fine." She ran her fingers through my hair and gave me a kiss on the forehead before reclining her torso to a more comfortable spot.

Hot and sweaty, the three of us just lay there, pressed against one another. We had lost any remaining inhibitions by now, having orgasmed from each other, in front of each other, and for each other. It was, in a weird way, liberating.

"Should we head back to the lake?" Christi asked softly, still trying to catch her breath.

"Probably," Allie muttered back as she pulled herself further up Christi's torso and rested her head opposite mine on Christi's other breast.

"In a minute," I said, nowhere near ready to get up and move. "The lake isn't going anywhere."

I closed my eyes and just listened. I could hear Christi's heartbeat, the birds in the trees, and the babble of the water in the river valley below. I wondered whether things would go back to normal -- if they even could go back to normal -- after I left the lake the next day. But worries like that would have to wait until tomorrow. For now, I'd just enjoy the moment -- the three of us huddled together, recovering from our climax, and summoning the strength to drive back to the lake.
