The Human Anatomy Lesson
by DCTreshPender

I was sitting in English class and couldn’t concentrate. None of my classmates knew about what was going to happen afterwards in Biology. Because of my bad grades my parents had struck a deal with the school. I would ‘help out’ some of the teachers and they would let me pass. I didn’t actually know the details of what was discussed but I knew that next lesson we had sex ed.
It even took forever to decide what I should wear today. At the end I just asked my mom, and she said blouse and skirt. That was one of my favorite outfits, so I happily agreed. The light-blue blouse accentuated my D-cup breasts without showing skin and the skirt together with knee high socks allowed me to show just as much skin as I was in the mood for.
Mr. Thomas was one of the nicest teachers at school. I was hoping he would understand my situation and let me pass without making me stand in front of everyone and explain stuff or answer questions. The topic was embarrassing enough already!
‘Sarah, I was told that you get to leave five minutes earlier to prepare for the next lesson, so you can go now,’ my English teacher said. I was stunned. I just nodded, packed my stuff and left. I heard people whisper as I closed the door behind me. What was there to prepare?
Mr. Thomas had a three-day beard, shoulder-long black hair, and shiny green eyes. Many girls fantasized about him, flirted with him and said stuff behind his back that fueled many of my fantasies at night.
‘Hi Sarah, I’ll be right with you,’ he said fumbling with piles of paper. He was wearing tight dark-blue jeans and a loose-fit white button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up. His forearms had prominent veins sticking out and he always took good care of his fingers. I put my stuff on my seat and waited near the white board. I had butterflies in my stomach.
‘Here, it’s best if you switch into this. This way we can save time during class, and you only show what’s necessary,’ he said with a smile. ‘I’m honestly surprised that the school found a volunteer. When I pitched the project, I expected nothing to come of it. But then the art teachers all supported the idea and here we are!’
I was frozen in place, mouth agape. He was handing me a bathrobe. Was he asking me to undress? If so, then how far should I go? There is no way Mr. Thomas would ask me to remove my underwear, right? I just grabbed the robe and stood there.
‘You can change in the storage room, right through that door. Have you modeled before?’
‘Uhm, no. Do I undress all the way?’
‘Yes, of course. You’re the model for human anatomy. I tried to get a man as well, but as I said, volunteers are hard to come by.’ He was still wearing that warm smile. He really thought that I was volunteering. I think he saw nothing wrong with this.
I walked into the storage room and between fake skeletons and stuffed animals I unbuttoned my blouse and took of my skirt. The room wasn’t small but there was so much experiment equipment stacked around me that I bumped into something with every move. I kept my shoes on, I somehow felt less naked like that. As I reached behind my back to unclasp my bra the door opened, and Mr. Thomas walked in. I froze but the bra was already open and only held in place by my hands.
‘I need the dummy to replace the male model. We should have a replica of just the male pelvic region somewhere here,’ he was talking more to himself than me. He looked around and spotted something behind me.
‘There it is!’ He pointed at me. ‘Sorry, I just have to get this real quick.’ He squeezed next to me pushing me into a skeleton which immediately toppled over. Instinctively I caught it, letting go of my bra which slid to around my elbows, revealing my large breasts with big pink nipples to my teacher.
He ignored my predicament, reached into a shelf and pulled out a human pelvis. It looked modern with tubes, cables and electronics attached to it. And right there was a silicone penis and scrotum. He barely had any space to maneuver, and it seemed heavy, so we got stuck for a moment. I couldn’t move with the fragile skeleton and my bra blocking me, and he couldn’t move without squeezing into me. When Mr. Thomas looked around to find a solution his eyes lingered on my breasts multiple times.
He then pulled the pelvis past me, the back of his hand brushing against my naked breast, followed by a silicone penis doing the same. ‘Sorry, I’ll be right back and help you with that,’ he said and nodded at the skeleton. My nipples had grown hard and stuck out a bit. When he came back, instead of going for the skeleton, he grabbed my bra by the strap and pulled it of my left arm freeing it, this gave me more freedom.
‘Can you hold the skeleton? I don’t want to break it,’ I said.
‘Uh, sure, yes,’ he stammered. His eyes locked onto my boobs. Did I make him nervous? Did he like what he was seeing? He reached over to grab the skeleton by the ribs and bumped into my right breast in the process. I don’t know what came over me, but I let out a tiny moan.
I had broken him. The coolest calmest teacher was speechless because he thought I was hot. I decided to go for it. He couldn’t move now because there was no space and the skeleton was still unstable, so I took of my bra fully and squeezed past him, pressing both of my boobs into his arm.
‘Sorry,’ I followed up with the most neutral tone I could muster. On the inside I was exploding with new feelings. The butterflies in my stomach had quite the party.
Mr. Thomas fixed the skeleton but guess what, he had to squeeze past me again to get to the door. This time I was ready for it. He decided to go stomach to stomach, and I looked down first to see my breasts squish against his chest but then because of another thing. Why didn’t I think of this sooner? He had a prominent bulge that could not be hidden in his tight pants. He was enjoying this!
When he made contact I acted like I tried to move back but was stopped by something. I reacted to this imaginary object poking me in the back by moving forward. It only lasted a second, but my naked thigh rubbed his bulge and both of my boobs got squished against him. Both of us saw and felt it.
‘Sorry,’ he said again and hurried out of the room. His voice seemed calm and collected again. I shook my head to get out of my trance. I had completely forgotten what position I was in. I heard the first of my classmates enter the classroom next door. I took a deep breath and slipped my panties off. I was wet. Damn it, I wiped off what I could and put on the robe. Hopefully I could calm down before anybody noticed anything.


I was trying my best to calm down, but I couldn’t. Usually, it took minutes for everyone to sit down, get their stuff out and stop chatting. Today, everyone seemed to arrive quickly, and Mr. Thomas started the lesson immediately. He talked about sex ed and why it was important and even if nobody was going to have sex anytime soon, they should still listen because it was important to know how your own body worked.
I knew that, and all of my friends knew that. I’m sure with the amount of porn the boys watched they probably knew more than the teacher! Why were we even doing this, we already had some kind of sex ed two years ago.
My heart was pounding fast. I looked for a way out physically and theoretically. Was he going to complain about me keeping my shoes on? No way, right? There is no way sex ed would include feet. Maybe he was a pervert though, maybe sex included feet for him.
Oh god, I couldn’t believe my own thoughts. Mr. Thomas had been the nicest teacher at school for me until today. Now I could only picture him in his tight pants that revealed every opinion he had about me.
‘Sarah, you can come out now,’ he said. I didn’t move. I couldn’t. My classmates were in there, fully clothed while I was only in a robe!
‘Sarah!’ He sounded impatient. I looked around. Did I overlook something? Did he prepare tape to cover my nipples? Was I supposed to keep my panties on? Would he only ask me to lower the robe to a certain degree without showing too much?
He peeked through the door. This was it. I would step through that door and go up in flames. There was no way this was really going to happen.
I walked into the classroom. Everyone was staring at me. I had closed the robe all the way above my collar bone. Technically, I showed less than in my normal school outfits, but I still felt so naked. And why did I feel like everybody knew how naked I was? Then my brain switched.
Against my will my eyes flew over to Mr. Thomas who stood in front of the white board expectingly. I took a good quick look at his crotch and saw that he was still thoroughly enjoying what he had seen earlier. I wasn’t dreaming, was I?
‘Today, we’re going to go through human anatomy, specifically sexual education. I tried my best to organize a male and a female model for this lesson, so that we wouldn’t have to use sterilized depictions of human genitalia but only Sarah volunteered. This means that we have to commence this lesson with this pretty accurate representation of the male genital region.’
Everyone stared at me. Some of the girls were stunned. They were in just as much disbelief as me. I saw some of the boys leaning over to each other to whisper. Anna grinned at me. I think her biggest dream was my worst nightmare. Many girls moved their gaze in a triangle between me, the teacher’s face, and the teacher’s bulging crotch. Mr. Thomas looked at me with a warm smile. He seemed thankful, although all I could think about were his straining pants and how he touched my naked breasts.
‘Let’s start with the female side! Sarah, would you please uncover your upper body.’
My hands moved without my permission. I removed my arms from the robe, and it slid down to the waist belt that held everything together. In one move I was topless. No sounds. Nobody moved. Everyone was transfixed on my naked breasts. I don’t know how they looked when I removed the robe, but when I looked down both of my nipples were as hard as they could get.
‘During puberty, the brain sends out hormones that lead to breast growth. Breasts come in a lot of different shapes and sizes, they are actually the most variable body part amongst humans!’ Nobody listened to the teacher. The girls were either happy about my embarrassment or imagined themselves in my position. The boys didn’t have any blood left in their brains to conduct thoughts. Mr. Thomas approached me.
‘The main function of the female breast is to feed newborn children. The secondary function, and what is extremely elevated in modern society, is that breasts are sexually attractive,’ he said and grabbed my left boob. He didn’t just lift it or inspect like a doctor, no, he sunk his fingers into it and gave it a squeeze that send a signal straight past my brain and between my legs. I recoiled instinctively. The boys were stunned. No one talked anymore. I saw some of the girls turn red in the face. Even Anna looked embarrassed. I knew she fantasized about him. She always talked the loudest about what she would do to him.
‘The shape and size don’t matter for milk production though. The milk ducts are only in the front around the nipple.’ With his other hand he pointed at my nipple and rubbed circles around it multiple times. ‘The milk ducts produce and store all of the milk, and the breasts typically swell up, which can lead to discomfort. This often leads to an increase in bra size.’
He weighed my breast in his hand and squeezed it a few times accentuating his point. I felt like I should say something, but I was stunned. I know that my regular expression is very neutral so maybe I would get fewer stupid comments if I acted like this was no big deal to me. Maybe I could act superior towards Anna.
-She was such a prude. I made Mr. Thomas hard. If he fucked anyone, it would be me and not her. She was bashful about nudity, like only children are. I’m so mature for doing this. Etc.-
‘Then the milk gets ducked from the milk ducts through the nipple, this can include some biting which is often uncomfortable!’ His circling hand grabbed my nipple and squeezed and pulled on it. It felt like lightning shot through my body. I felt the wetness between my legs increase. At least my pussy was still covered by the robe.
‘What’s also important is regular breast inspections,’ he said and moved behind me. He basically hugged me from behind and groped and massaged both of my breasts with his large man-hands. He chuckled for a moment like this was the punchline to a joke.
‘For this you should go to a gynecologist and have them explain it to you! After that you can do it by yourself at home in front of a mirror,’ he explained and moved away again. I saw almost half of my classmates explode into whispers. I wanted to get angry and shout at Mr. Thomas for all of this. But my body didn’t move a muscle. I just stood there with my large breasts and hard pink nipples on display for everyone.
‘Men do not have a true equivalent to breasts even though we do have nipples. So, we will move on to the labia and vagina!’ He sounded so casual. He probably really thought I was a volunteer and none of this bothered me.
I looked at Anna. If he was able to deceive himself into thinking all of that, maybe she could too. But she was only staring at his crotch while the girl next to her whispered something into her ear. She had a sly grin on her face. I think she knew what was happening. I honestly think everyone knew. Nobody was paying attention to learn from Mr. Thomas.



Mr. Thomas stepped in front of me and grabbed the waist belt that held everything together. He tugged it loose and removed it fully. The robe swung open and revealed my shaved vagina to him. I noticed a short expression of surprise on his face, but he was good at keeping his professional composure.
‘Why don’t you sit up here on the table. This way we can get a much better look at everything,’ he said calmly. I couldn’t move. I couldn’t say anything either.
Then he grabbed the spots where my thighs met my ass and lifted me up. I gasped, lost my balance and reflexively wrapped my arms around his neck. My naked boobs pushed into his face for a moment before he sat me on the teacher’s table near the whiteboard. He quickly moved his hands to my knees and pulled them up, moving my feet onto the table, near my hips.
I had to place my hands behind my body to balance myself. Mr. Thomas had positioned me legs spread, naked, with my exposed vagina at the same level as his angry bulge. I swear I could see his pulse through his pants. For the moment his body was still hiding me from the class. My eyes were darting between his face and his bulge. And while I didn’t see it, I knew that I was getting crazy wet. I felt like my entire body was rigged to explode.
The teacher stepped to the side, and a completely silent room of students stared straight at my exposed, partially spread-open vagina. Nobody looked away. Nobody whispered. Nobody moved.
‘Let’s go through this step by step, from outside to inside!’ Mr. Thomas said with his charming voice and a friendly smile on his face. I saw Anna look at him for a second before she also realized that his bulge was portraying his heartbeat. It was almost comical as the guys tried their best not to look at him while all the girls stared.
‘These are the outer labia,’ he stepped closer, his thigh touching mine. His manly hand moved between my legs and the index and middle finger lightly slid down my outer labia. I closed my eyes for a moment and suppressed a groan.
‘When we move them out of the way we can see the inner labia. In a lot of women these are already visible earlier because they stick out. All sizes are very normal here.’
I don’t think anyone listened to his explanations. His two fingers spread me open, exposing more of my deep red and wet genitalia. I was mostly looking at the floor at this point but when my brain decided, against my will, to look at people’s faces I saw half of the guys with their mouths gaping. Some of the girls were blushing more than me. A handful of students had grins on their faces.
Mr. Thomas changed his stance a little. His bulge was now pulsing against my thigh, and he hid his face from the class for a moment. I swear I saw him licking his lips.
‘At the top and in between the labia minora, there is the clitoris. It is covered by the clitoral hood, and it sticks out when it gets erect, similar to the male penis.’ He moved his fingers around, now his index and ring finger held me open, and his middle finger moved up towards my clit. He started pushing and rotating his finger right on my exposed clit and I had to close my eyes again to not lose my mind.
I squeezed my lips shut in order not to moan and I don’t know what came over me, but I licked my lips. I hope nobody noticed it, but how couldn’t they? Maybe my spread-open pussy distracted everyone enough?
I heard Anna laugh. It was her typical evil laugh, that she always showed when she made fun of someone. She knew what had happened. Everyone knew.
Mr. Thomas let go of me and moved away for a second. He grabbed a marker and started drawing black lines on my stomach and all the way down to my genital area. He was quick.
‘Here, you can see the rough positions of her uterus and ovaries. The eggs move from the ovaries, through the ovarian tubes, into the uterus where they wait for the sperm to arrive.’ He was pointing at the various organs drawn onto my stomach.
‘Then a penis will deposit its semen in the vagina, where it will move through the cervix into the uterus and impregnate the egg!’
His hand quickly moved down to my clit when he said vagina. He rubbed it and then moved further up the drawings to show the rough positions of the vaginal walls and the cervix.
‘Interestingly, the vagina is very adaptable. It can take various sizes in width,’ he explained, and his large hand moved in between my spread legs again. I was still staring at the ground, but I felt like I could read the thoughts in the room. His index and ring fingers spread me open.
Mr. Thomas slowly and carefully pushed his middle finger into my vagina. I reacted with a little movement, but it didn’t hurt. He studied my face intently, I think he was trying not to hurt me.
‘One finger, no problem,’ he addressed everyone, except me. Him doing this to me had been one of my long-lived fantasies, and I knew that applied to many of my classmates too. But I never imagined it to actually happen, much less in front of everyone else.
‘Two fingers, she is starting to react now.’ He turned towards me again. I still felt his erection pulsing against my naked thigh. He studied my face for pain or discomfort, but all he saw was me trying my best not to orgasm. At this point my urges had taken over and I didn’t want him to stop anymore.
I wanted to cum all over his hand.
He sped up and alternated shallow and deep movements. I felt his thumb move above my clit and circling around it.
‘Three fingers. This is already more than a lot of women can take and I want you to be careful from the first finger you use!’
I closed my eyes and relaxed. My body convulsed a little bit and I let out a moan. Nothing mattered anymore. I needed to cum, and I had the hottest teacher at school to do it to me. I lightly thrusted into his hand.
‘Now, I will not show you an orgasm, as I think this would be too much, but if you paid attention, you should be able to understand everything now! We can go into further detail tomorrow.’
As he said that I came. I knew he felt my pussy convulsing around his fingers. I knew all of my classmates saw my clit swell and pulsate. They saw me push my hips into him. They saw my juices drip on the floor in front of the table.
My nipples were rock hard and pointing at everyone else accusingly. It took forever to collect myself. When Mr. Thomas removed his hand, I regained my consciousness and jumped of the table. I quickly got the belt,fastened the robe and walked behind the table. My face had to be bright red; both of my arms slung around my waist trying to hide me even though the robe did the job now.


