ALWAYS LAST
by StoryGuy

ALWAYS LAST - 5

Karen saw Dan at the store the next day. He bought her a soda and the two left. They walked down the street but Karen was not paying attention to where they were going. She just happily talked with the boy as they went. After a short time, Dan stopped. Karen naturally stopped and looked around. She realized where they were but wondered why he had stopped. "I live over there," he said pointing to a house across the street. "Wanna go in and listen to some music or somethin'? My Mom and Dad are working and my brothers got something this afternoon so no one will be home to bother us." 

Karen thought for a moment. She knew she should be going home but rationalized she did have an hour or so to spare. "Sure," she replied. The two walked over to the house and went in. 

"Let's go to my room," suggested Dan as he headed for the stairway. Karen was a little nervous but followed. They went into the room and Karen sat on the bed as Dan pulled out a folder of CD's. She looked around. The room was probably typical of any boy's room but she had never been in a boy's room before so everything was interesting. Dan handed her the CD folder and told her to pick something out. She glanced out and seeing one from her favorite group, handed it to Dan. He put it in the player and turned back to her. "If you want, lay down on my bed. I've got the speakers set up so it really sounds neat when your laying down," he suggested nervously. 

Karen was a little scared. She had on a dress and really didn't want to lay down but complied anyway. She smoothed the dress as best she could and made sure her legs were tight together. "OK if I lay next to you?" Dan asked. The idea of being on a bed with a boy was a little frightening but she really liked Dan. She nodded her head. 

At first the two remained stiff as boards as the music started to play. The second song had started when Dan moved. He reached out and touched Karen's hand. Karen had began to relax a little and feeling Dan's hand, took it in hers. As they held hands, she relaxed even more. Eventually Dan rolled over on his side and placed his free hand on her stomach. 

Karen liked his touch and it made her stomach flutter. Slowly he began to move his hand around, going a little lower and higher at times but always remaining in her "safe" zone. Karen was getting aroused. "Kiss me," she moaned. Their lips met and Dan's hand went to the small mounds on her chest. Karen could feel her nipples harden as Dan rubbed her over her clothes. 

After some minutes of necking, both were getting very excited. "Why don't you take your dress off so it doesn't get wrinkled," suggested Dan. Karen thought for a moment before Dan added, "I'll take my pants off too, if you want." Karen couldn't help but smile. She nodded her approval. Both quickly sat up and removed the clothing mentioned. Karen settled back down in her bra and panties and Dan, still in a tee but with only his underwear covering his erection. 

They immediately started kissing again but this time a hand went to the other's crotch. Karen felt Dan's stiff cock throb as she ran her hand over the front of his briefs. Dan's hand went to the wet spot on Karen's panties and she pushed against his palm as it cupped her pussy. "Let's do what we did yesterday," Dan suggested. 

"Yeah!" Karen smiled. As soon as the word left her lips, Dan's hands grabbed her panties. Karen lifted her hips allowing Dan to expose her slight bush and hot pussy. As he dropped her panties, she reached over and pulled his briefs down, finally freeing his stiff rod. She had always been a little frightened before but now, being alone with Dan, she wanted to do something. Her hand wrapped around his hot poker. Dan's hand went to the naked pussy he had just exposed. His finger gingerly pushed into the wet opening. Karen moaned as the finger dissappeared between her folds. 

While Karen's hand lazily held Dan's maleness, his hands were madly working her pussy. Karen's back arched as her hips bounced up and down on the mattress shoving his finger even deeper into her. Her face grimaced and her breath sucked in as she neared orgasm. Suddenly relief came as her gates were opened. Her hips almost seemed to vibrate as her ass shot off the bed and pressed hard against Dan's hand. Fireworks went off in her head as shockwave after shockwave emanated from her pussy and rushed throughout her body. It seemed to go on forever. Karen thought she was going to pass out as she reached down and pushed Dan's hand away. "Nooo mooore, pleeeeease!" she moaned. 

Once the stimulation had stopped, Karen's orgasm began to subside. She collapsed down onto the bed, her legs splayed wide open. She knew how vulgar she must look being so completely exposed but was too exhausted to do anything about it. For the moment, she remained with her eyes closed and just rested. Her chest was heaving. She could feel Dan next to her but thankfully he wasn't touching her now. 

After a few minutes, her head cleared. She still felt weak but could open her eyes. Her legs were still spread wide open but she didn't have the strength yet to move them. Dan was propped up on his elbow smiling at her. She smiled back at him. "Wow!" was all she could muster. 

"You OK? Guess you really had a good one, huh?" he said softly. 

"I guess!" she gushed. "I've never had one like that." By that time Karen's strength had returned. She sat up closing her legs at the same time. She really didn't mind Dan seeing her but the position made her uncomfortable anyway. Dan too had sat up but Karen put her hand on his chest and gently pushed him back down. "My turn," she grinned. 

Dan was flat on his back again but where he hadn't climaxed, his erection was still rock hard. Karen wrapped her hand around the member. She could feel the heat from it and thought she could even feel it pulsating some. Karen then remembered watching her sisters yesterday. She wondered if she could do the same thing. The equipment she needed to practice on was in her hand. Why not try? 

At first Karen studied her "subject" trying to gain the courage to try. Dan was propped up on his elbows but seemed to be content watching Karen. She looked up at his face and saw he was smiling at her still. She smiled back then lowered her face to his stiff soldier. She pushed her tongue out and touched the erection almost like she was expecting it to bite her. Naturally it did nothing of the kind. Slowly she parted her lips and let the cock slide between them. Dan moaned in approval as her mouth closed around the cock head. Karen felt his hand go to her naked ass. 

Karen swirled her tongue around the cock in her mouth. She could taste the same salty flavor as she had when she put his cum into her mouth before but he hadn't cum yet. Boy's must "leak" some cum when they're hard she thought. She let the cock fall from her mouth when she felt Dan tug on her hip. "Move over some," he mumbled. She scooted her hips closer to him then took his cock into her mouth again. As she did, she felt his hand go between her legs. Even though she was completely satisfied after her earth rocking climax. His touches felt nice. She opened her legs a little more giving him better access to her pussy. 

Karen resumed rolling the cock around in her mouth. "Move up and down," requested Dan. Karen remembered how her sisters' heads had bobbed as they did what she was now trying to do and she mimicked their actions. It felt strange to have a boy's cock sliding in and out of her mouth. Strange but exciting. Dan's hips began to move in rhythm with her head. The moans coming from deep within him told Karen she must be doing it right. 

Dan continued to rub between her legs. The fire was again beginning to smolder deep in her belly. She lowered her shoulders and pushed her pussy back against his hand. Her legs spread further apart. Her upbringing told her she wasn't supposed to be in such a position but right now, she wanted Dan to see her completely. If she knew how, she would have opened her pussy lips allowing him to look right up inside her. 

Karen's hips were moving in time with her mouth. Dan too was keeping the same rhythm with his hand as he rubbed her wet again pussy. Deep guttural sounds were coming out of Dan. Karen knew he must be getting close. Although her jaw was tiring, she desperately wanted him to cum. He had earned it after the climax he had given her. Her pace quickened. 

The air hissed through his teeth followed by a soft groan as he shot his load into Karen's mouth. Karen, suddenly with a mouth full of cum, swallowed, only to have her mouth filled again. Dan's climax triggered her second as her pussy quivered around the finger piercing it. Stickeyness flowed over his hand as Dan's cum erupted into Karen's gulping mouth. 

Karen's orgasm was a small one which ended quickly but she kept on her manipulations of Dan's cock until she felt it getting soft. She knew he was done and let the spent member fall from her mouth. Crawling up next to him, she nuzzled close, her hands on his chest. It was then she noticed the silence in the room. The CD had ended. "You got a clock in here?" she asked. Dan pointed across the room. Karen looked over and sat up with a start. She should have been home a half hour ago. "Hand me my panties?" she requested seeing them beside Dan. 

He picked them up, then asked, "Can I keep them?" 

"What?" Karen questioned not sure what he wanted. 

"Your panties... Can I keep them?" Dan blushed. 

Karen had heard talk of boys keeping a girl's panties but had never believed the stories. Now Dan wanted hers. It was a little embarrassing having him have a pair of her panties but somehow seemed OK. She blushed but nodded also. She stood and pulled on her dress as Dan also stood and dressed. "I'll walk you home," he offered and the two left. 

It was strange being without panties. Karen could feel every breeze under her dress but that was not where her concentration was. She had to get home. The couple half walked and half ran the distance to Karen's house. Karen stopped on the sidewalk in front of her house. She didn't want Dan to walk her to the door fearing her mother would be even angrier if she knew she had been with a boy. "I'm all set, you'd better get going," she told Dan. He turned to leave but she stopped him. "Wait." He turned back to her and she kissed him. "See you later," she gushed. Dan smiled then left. Karen quickly went into her house. 

"You're late!" her mother yelled as Karen walked in. 

"I know... Sorry. I was at a friends house and lost track of time. I left as soon as I saw the time," Karen apologized. 

"Well, be more careful next time. I'm going out. The girls have money for pizza for supper," her mother stated as she went out the door. 

Karen was relieved. She had thought her mother would have been more upset than she was. It had actually gone easy but Karen was seldom late anyway. She turned and saw her sisters sitting on the couch. Each was sporting a huge grin. 


ALWAYS LAST - 6 

As soon as they were alone, Ashley blurted, "Have fun little sister?" 

"What are you talking about?" Karen asked, not wanting to admit anything to her sisters. 

"I saw you and Dan..." Lori smirked. 

"What were you two up to?" Ashley added. 

Karen blushed. "Nothing! So what if I was with him!" She answered trying to sound confident. 

"Come here," Lori ordered. 

"No. I wanna change first," Karen said as she headed toward the bedroom. 

Lori and Ashley sprung from the couch. Karen tried to bolt by them but Ashley caught her arm. Karen managed to free herself from Ashley but Lori grabbed her and the two fell to the floor. Karen ended up face down on the floor and unfortunately her dress rose up to her waist in the fall exposing her naked ass. 

The two older siblings began to laugh as Karen yanked her dress down. "So you were up to nothing, huh? Seems like you're missing something. You got laid this afternoon, didn't you. How long you been doin' that?" Ashley chuckled. 

"No I didn't!" Karen gasped. 

"Look, we know you left the house this morning with your panties on. You were with Dan and now you haven't any panties. You musta done something. It's OK, you know. Ashley and me aren't exactly virgins either." Lori stated in a now calm voice. 

"Did you like your first time? How many times have you done it?" Ashley added. 

"We didn't do that. We only fooled around..." Karen blushed but she was now more relaxed. 

"What did you do?" Ashley asked. 

"You know... stuff," Karen answered. 

"Did he finger you?" Ashley began. Karen nodded. "Did you cum?" Again Karen nodded. "Did he kiss you down there? Did you kiss his cock? Did he cum? Did you swallow it?" Ashley quizzed. After each question Karen nodded silently. "Did you like it?" Ashley finally asked. 

A grin formed on Karen's face. "Yeah," she replied. For the next few minutes, the girls talked about boys, sex, and their experiences. Karen was now completely comfortable with her sisters. For the first time she felt like their equal instead of the "little" sister. 

As the conversation became more revealing, Lori stated to Karen, "We gotta get you laid." 

Karen suddenly stopped. "Huh?" 

"You've done everything else. Time for the 'good' part," Lori gushed. Karen was going to protest but was interrupted by the door bell. "Here's a $20 bill. That'll be the pizza guy. Pay him while me and Ashley go call the guys," Lori instructed as she and Ashley ran for the phone. 

Karen paid for the pizzas and set them on the coffee table as Lori returned. "Finally! I'm starved!" Lori exclaimed as she grabbed a piece. 

"Is Ashley coming?" Karen asked. 

Before Lori could empty her mouth, Ashley rushed by, now without her jeans on, and went into the bathroom. The sound of water meant she was washing her hands. She came out and grabbed a piece for herself. 

"A little pregame warm up?" Lori grinned. 

"It's been a while. A girl has needs," Ashley chuckled. "The guys will be here in an hour." The subject of the boys was dropped but the conversation did center around sex as the girls ate. Karen, although relatively a novice, proudly told of her "exploits" feeling happy she could participate in such a discussion. As the last piece of pizza was consumed, the girls continued to talk. 

Once again the doorbell rang. "That's the guys," Ashley announced. "Seeing you're the only one completely dressed, you answer the door, Lori." she chuckled. 

Karen had almost forgotten about being pantyless and Ashley being dressed only in a top and panties. "Aren't you going to put something on?" she asked Ashley. 

"Why bother," Ashley grinned. "Why don't we take turns getting laid. Since it's your big night, you wanna go first Karen?" 

"Ah... um... No, that's OK," Karen stuttered being suddenly embarrassed. 

"OK, I'll go first," Lori offered. "I'll pick a guy and you can watch. Then you pick a guy, then Ashley can have who's left. OK, Karen?" 

The reality of the situation hit Karen. Without much thought, she agreed with Lori. The sound of the doorbell made Karen jump as the boys rang it again. Lori jumped up and let the boys in. They all had big grins on their faces. "You guys got everything?" Ashley asked. 

"Yup!" Jerry answered as he dropped a package of condoms on the table. Chuck too reached into his pocket and added another package. 

"Let's get naked!" Lori suggested as she started unsnapping her jeans. All began to shuck their clothes except Karen, who just sat there wide eyed. "Come on Karen," Lori urged. 

"She's probably shy because she doesn't have any panties on. Chuck, I think your brother might have something to do with that," Ashley giggled. 

Karen and Dan both turned bright red. Dan had already stripped to his underwear and the tent he was displaying began to shrink. "Karen, you don't want us to strip you, do you?" Lori cautioned. Karen shook her head but didn't make any move to take off her clothes. "Guys, can you help?" Lori requested. 

"No!" Karen blurted as she grabbed the hem of her dress. She boosted her ass off the floor and pulled the dress free. As she did, the others, except for Dan, completed removing their clothes. 

As Karen reached behind her to unhook her bra, Chuck whispered to his brother, "Strip!" Dan, like he had just been awakened from a trance, quickly pulled off his underwear. The six were now sitting in a loose circle on the floor. All the boys, including now Dan, were sporting rock hard cocks. Without saying a word, Lori took one of the packages from the table, opened it, tore off a condom for herself, then gave each sister one. She then crawled on her hands and knees to Dan and gently pushed him onto his back. 

Dan stared at Lori as she crawled on top of him. Smiling at the prone boy, she tore open the package and slid the condom over his erection. Once on, she leaned down and kissed him. Dan's arms went around her back as her tits mashed into his chest. Her nipples felt like bullets as they jabbed him. His cock sandwiched between their two bodies. Lori broke off the kiss and looked into Dan's wide eyes. "Ready, stud," she whispered as she lifted and slid her hand down to his cock, aiming it. 

Karen's jaw dropped. She had been sitting almost opposite Dan. When her sister had pushed him back and climbed on top of him, Karen hadn't been able to see much. As Lori bent down, her charms had been in plain view and now with her lifted slightly, Karen could see Dan's sheath covered rod pointing at her sisters wet cunt. Karen knew what fucking was but watching it for the first time was almost unreal. 

Lori, in slow motion, lowered herself down on the stiff rod. Karen heard him groan as his prick disappeared inside her sister. Finally all that could be seen was his balls between his slightly parted legs and the base of his shaft at the entrance to Lori's stretched pussy. Lori started to move her ass up and down. Karen had a clear shot of the cock sliding in and out of the glistening slit while Lori's asshole seemed to wink with each stroke. Karen felt her own juices begin to flow. Dan's hips began to move picking up Lori's rhythm. 

The only sound in the room was bellies slapping together save an occasional moan from the fucking couple. Dan was quickening the pace and his groans getting louder. "Oooo... Ahhhh..." came from deep within him as his hips shot up plunging his swollen member deep into Lori. She pushed down onto him but his upward thrust was so strong his ass remained suspended. The sounds of fast, ragged breathing filled the room. 

As fast as his hips had shot into the air, Dan collapsed under Lori. She continued to mash her crotch into his. It was obvious the boy was spent. Lori continued to mash but he remained motionless. Finally she rolled off him, pulling his cock out as she did. His once proud soldier now dangled limply between his legs, seemingly weighted down by the cum filled condom. 

Lori was the first to stir, She sat up and looked at Karen. "Your turn." 

"No!" Karen exclaimed with panic. "Let Ashley go next." 

No one objected. Ashley tossed her condom to Chuck and laid down on her back, spreading her legs apart. Karen, who had been next to Ashley, had to scoot over to avoid Ashley's knee. As Chuck crawled over, Karen looked at her sister. Ashley's pussy was already opened slightly and it's lips glistened with the moisture they had been coated with. Karen watched as Chuck sat on his legs and rolled the condom over a much larger cock than Dan's. He then leaned down over Ashley supporting himself with an arm. 

His free hand wrapped around his prick and aimed it at her waiting hole. Ashley grunted as Chuck pushed down burying himself into her. Instead of slowly fucking like Lori had done. Chuck's pace was rapid. Each time he slammed his erection down deep into Ashley's pussy, she let out a grunt as the force jolted her body. Her legs wrapped around his as she held on to her fuck machine. "Oooo... Yesssss... Mmmmm..." groaned Ashley as her small tits shook with each thrust. Karen was almost surprised her sister was enjoying such a battering but there was no doubt she was. 

Ashley's face contorted as she screamed out "Ahhhhh" as orgasm found her. Her mouth was wide open sucking in each breath like it was her last. Suddenly Chuck grunted as he pushed forward with such force Ashley actually slid forward on the floor. Karen watch in amazement as his eyes clamped shut and his face wrinkled. His body tightened as his hips backed off slightly only to slam down again hard. 

Ashley had moved her legs from being around his to being wrapped around his ass. Her ankles were locked together as she rode him for all she was worth. He was still thrusting violently but only her shoulders were on the floor. She was holding his so tightly her ass was now suspended in mid air. Eventually he stopped thrusting and his body dropped onto her pushing the air audibly from her lungs. There were beads of sweat on his forehead. 

Ashley recuperated for a moment. After her breathing became slower, she looked over at Karen. "That's what I call a fuck!" Karen looked down at her sister's smiling face. "You ready for your thrill of a life time?" 


ALWAYS LAST - 7 

Karen stared blankly as Jerry took the condom from her hand. Watching him slip it onto his hard member jogged Karen's mind. Her blank look turned into panic as she realized she was about to get fucked for the first time in her life. Her sisters had moved to her side and they gently eased the frightened girl onto her back. Karen opened her mouth but no sounds would come out. 

Ashley and Lori each took one of their sister's legs and pulled it opening her up. Karen wanted to clamp her legs together again but her muscles wouldn't work. Her eyes widened as Jerry crawled in between her spread legs. Ashley leaned down. "Relax. You're gonna love it," she whispered into Karen's ear. 

"It will hurt at first, then feel great," Lori added. 

Although her sisters spoke quietly and calmly, it did nothing to soothe Karen. Her whole body was shaking as Jerry leaned down. In a weak and shaky voice, she muttered, "No... please... I don't want to..." 

"Shhh," one of her sisters whispered. Karen tried to pull her legs together but in her horrified state she just didn't have the strength to overpower her sisters. 

Karen's eyes searched Jerry's face for some sort of help. "It's OK," he softly said to her. "I'll go easy. It won't hurt." He then reached between his legs and aimed his cock at Karen's virgin hole. 

She just stared into his eyes until she felt his prick touch her slit. "Don't," she weakly begged as her pussy lips parted allowing his cockhead to slide in. She wasn't even blinking but her breathing was in short gasping breaths as he sunk into her. Suddenly his slow and steady movement stopped. Karen could feel a little pressure deep within her pussy. Jerry started to pull back causing Karen to hope her ordeal was now over. 

Jerry hadn't pulled out much before his hips shot forward. "Oww!" Karen exclaimed as tears formed in her eyes. She had felt a sharp pain and her now pierced pussy was burning. "Take it out! You're hurting me! Please! It hurts!" she cried. Karen wanted to pull away but there was no place to go. 

"It's OK... It's over now... It will feel better in a minute..." Jerry comforted. Karen wasn't convinced. The sharp pain had left quickly enough but she still felt like something hot had been shoved into her and it was burning its way out. Tears were running down her face and Jerry hadn't moved. She was still nailed below him. Karen became aware of someone brushing her hair with their hand and looked over to see Ashley looking down at her. 

"It will feel good in a little while, I promise," Ashley comforted. Karen shook her head. Her pussy was on fire and she wanted the prick out of her. "Yes it will... You'll see," Ashley continued. Although Karen didn't believe her, the burning sensation was diminishing. Slowly her gasping breath began to return to normal and her tears stopped. Jerry's cock was still inside her but at least it didn't hurt as bad now. 

Jerry thought he had remained still long enough and began to move. Karen grabbed him around the back. "No!" she hissed expecting that stabbing feeling again. The intense pain she had felt when he first pushed into her didn't return but she did feel stuffed. It still burned a little but even that had dwindled considerably. What she could feel was his erection slowly moving in and out of her pussy. 

Ashley had been right. Under the burn, Jerry's movements actually felt good. As his strokes became longer and his pace quickened slightly, Karen discovered getting laid really was rather pleasant. She began to relax and the more she settled down, the better it felt. Karen started thinking about what was happening. She was really getting fucked. A boy's cock was poking deep into her belly. She was getting excited. 

His pubes tickled her bare pussy each time he pushed in all the way. Karen's breathing was getting shallow again but not because she was frightened. This time she was getting aroused. She watched as Jerry's nostrils flared with each breath. Although nothing like when she touched herself, Karen's slit began to emit those tinkling sensations. A soft groan came from deep within Jerry. Karen knew what that meant. 

It had just started to feel really good when Jerry let out a gasp and pushed into her really hard. It hurt a little when he did but the idea he was cuming inside her excited Karen. She wrapped her arms around his neck as his hips moved in quick, jerky movements as cum filled the condom. After what seemed like a long time, he stopped moving and just rested on top of her. Karen could still feel him inside of her. After resting some, he rolled off her pulling his cock out. The action made her burn a little but nothing like what she had felt in the beginning. 

Karen looked over and watched Jerry pull off the condom. She noticed it had a little tinge of red on it. Lori leaned down and whispered into Karen's ear. "Go into the bathroom and clean up a bit. If you want I'll go with you." 

"Huh?" Karen questioned. 

"You got a little blood on you. It's no big deal but you might want to wipe it off," Lori explained. Karen understood what she meant and rushed off into the bathroom. 

When she returned, the others had more or less gone back to their partners. Jerry and Lori were talking, Ashley and Chuck were kissing, and Dan was sitting alone. Karen made her way over to him and sat down. "You mad at me because of what I did?" she asked. 

"No. You mad at me?" Dan replied. 

"Na, I guess not... Let's make out!" she grinned. Soon the couple was completely involved in heavy petting. Each was exploring the other's body with their hands. They stopped when Lori called out, "There's still three more condoms... one for each of us!" Dan looked at Karen questioningly. Karen sat up, blushed slightly, but nodded her head. Dan smiled at her and went to get one of the condoms. He quickly returned to Karen and pushed her prone with the grin still on his face. 

Karen watched as Dan slipped the condom over his erection. Once on he twisted around and positioned himself between her spread legs. "Go easy. I'm still a little sore," she cautioned. 

Dan jabbed a few times but was missing his target. Karen reached down between them and aimed his rod toward her pussy. Dan pushed forward again, this time sliding into Karen's waiting slit. His penetration stung a little and Karen blurted, "Easy!" Dan slowed his decent but steadily pushed in until he was fully engulfed. "Mmmm... you feel good," Karen whispered. Having a cock in her pussy again so soon was a little uncomfortable but this was Dan. He started to move but Karen stopped him. "No, just stay still for a while so I can feel you inside me." 

The two stayed still for a while and just kissed. Dan's prick was smaller than Jerry's and Karen soon adjusted to her impalement. While his entrance had caused some stinging, Karen now felt no discomfort. In fact, the feeling of having a cock inside her added to her excitement. Dan was becoming restless. He had to move and slowly began. This time Karen didn't stop him. She actually found it felt nicer when he moved. Soon her hips began to move also. 

Dan began to breath harder as his arousal built. An occasional grunt was emitted as he pushed his manhood into the prone girl below him. His growing excitement spurred on Karen's. She was discovering something new - it was fun to turn a boy on. She watched as his face contorted. Beads of sweat were forming on his forehead and he was flushed. His cock pushing in and out of her belly was stoking the fire which was burning deep within her. 

Dan lowered his body onto hers. She thought he would feel heavy but his weight crushing down on her was nice. He brought his hand to her chest and began to massage her small tit. His touch caused her nipple to grow even more until it poked out proudly. His groping was rather harsh but Karen didn't stop him. She wanted to feel him mash her breast. The slight pain seemed to enhance her pleasure. 

Dan was now pumping at a rapid pace. Karen felt his pelvic bone crash into hers with every stroke. This wasn't an easy fuck like her first one but it wasn't as violent as Ashley's assault had been. Karen did know she was getting laid. She could feel her juices leaking out and running down her ass crack. Small squeaks came out of her mouth as Dan crashed into her from above. Almost instinctively her legs wrapped around his holding him closer. Karen's breathing was becoming more ragged. 

Dan abruptly stopped moving. He pushed hard against her pussy shoving his cock in as deep as he could. Karen watched as his eyes clamped shut and his face turned red. His hips moved in jerky movements, never pulling back but snapping forward. "Yesssss!" Karen hissed knowing he was climaxing inside her. She pushed against him almost trying to take his balls into her along with his cock. Her hands went to his ass pulling him close. Finally, the boy of her choice instead of the one left was shooting his cum into her. She couldn't feel his cum because of the condom but his orgasm had been obvious. 

Karen watched as the air roared out of Dan's mouth before he collapsed on her. His cock was still in her pussy and as heavy as he felt now, his skin touching hers was something she hadn't even dreamed about. Her hands roamed around his back and down to his ass. She had never even thought of touching a boy's ass before but the feeling of his ass cheeks was very pleasant. She let her fingers dance over his muscular cheeks then down the valley between them. Boys seemed to always want to touch her ass and now she understood why. 

Dan slowly rolled off Karen. Her leg ended up under his. Her other was flopped in the other direction. In the middle, her swollen pussy lips were exposed for all to see but Karen didn't even care. She was too exhausted to move. Dan was laying next to her evidently as tired as she was. His mouth was opened, his eyes shut, and the condom still hanging from his spent cock. Both their chests were heaving as they tried to catch their breath. 

The two rested for some minutes. Dan was the first to stir. He reached down and pulled the cum filled condom from his now limp dick. Staying on his back, he reached over and put his hand on Karen's now well used cunt. She immediately grabbed his hand. "No, don't, please. I'm too sore right now." 

A look of disappointment came over his face as he pulled his hand away. Karen rolled onto her side facing him. "How 'bout if I rub you instead," she grinned. He smiled as Karen's hand gently found his crotch. Slowly she ran her fingers over his flaccid cock and the balls below it. She began to think about the fun toys boys had. Girls just had an opening to inside their body. Boys had a cock and a sack with two balls in it. Karen was thankful she had been born a girl. Should she had been a boy with such wonderful things between her legs, she doubted if she ever would pull her hand out of her pants. 


ALWAYS LAST - 8 

"Ready to learn something else?" Lori cheerfully asked Karen. 

Karen looked over at her sister. She had no idea what Lori was talking about. "What?" 

"What to do when a guy has no condom," Lori grinned. 

"Oh please. I'm too sore," Karen begged. 

Lori and Ashley laughed. "Don't worry. You won't get anything else poked in there!" Ashley laughed. 

"Thank gawd!" Karen blurted as she laughed along with her sisters. 

"It's not as good as the regular way but it's better than getting pregnant. Besides, guy's really like it. Right Chuck?" Ashley boasted. 

"It's the best!" Chuck added. 

"Karen, go into the bathroom. In the medicine chest there's a tub of stuff called KY Jelly or something like that. Bring it in here," Lori instructed. 

Karen left the room. Chuck turned to his brother. "Look Dan, your little girlfriend has a few things to learn. The girls and I are going to teach her. She might not like it too much but her sisters really want her to know everything. At first she may yell and scream a little but it's for her own good. Now you have a choice. You can either sit there and watch without saying or doing anything or you can get dressed and leave right now. What's it gonna be?" 

"Are you gonna hurt her?" Dan asked, a little unsure of what was going to happen. 

"At first it's probably gonna hurt. It does me at first and I've done it lots. Knowing Karen, she'll probably make a big deal out of it. It's not so bad though. If you want, after Karen does it, I'll let you do me," Lori explained. 

"If she doesn't wanna do it, I don't wanna see her made to do it," stipulated Dan. 

"Look, Dan, it's something she's gotta learn. I'm her sister and so is Lori. We both want her to know this. Sooner or later it's gonna happen. What if you didn't have a condom? You'd still want it, right?" Ashley explained. 

"Yeah, I guess so..." Dan conceded. 

"So you gonna sit there or leave?" Chuck grumbled. 

"I'll stay... but you'd better be easy on her!" Dan snapped. 

"Look boyfriend, she's probably gonna make a big issue over it and we'll probably have to hold her but she'll live through it just fine, OK!" Lori snapped back. 

"Why don't you just leave!" Chuck stated. 

"No! I'll be quiet. Just let me stay, OK?" Dan surrendered. Lori looked at him and nodded. Just then Karen returned. 

"Is this the stuff?" Karen asked as she held the tube out to Lori. 

"Yup," Lori answered taking the tube. "Lean over the arm of the couch for a minute." 

"Why?" Karen asked. 

"Just do it!" Ashley interjected. 

Karen didn't know why she was told to lean over but didn't want to fight with her sisters so she did it. Lori moved behind her, squeezed out some of the KY on her finger, then touched her sisters asshole. 

Karen immediately stood up. "What are you doing?" she blurted. 

"We're gonna show you how to take it in the back," Lori calmly answered. 

"No!" Karen screamed. Ashley jumped on the couch and grabbed Karen's arms, pulling her off balance so she fell forward. Bracing herself, she held the struggling girl. 

Karen started kicking. "Chuck, you'd better hold her feet," Lori calmly stated. He grabbed Karen's feet and held her while Lori smeared the KY on Karen's asshole even though Karen yelled and screamed the whole time. Once she had finished, Lori backed away and let her sister settle. 

"Look Karen, you gotta do this. It's gonna hurt at first but it's not that bad. I can either hold you or you can do it yourself," Ashley told Karen. 

"Do what?" asked Karen in a shaky voice. 

"Jerry's gonna put his thing in your bum," Ashley told her. 

"No!" screamed Karen as she fought to get away from Ashley. 

Ashley held tight, effectively pinning the struggling girl. "Go ahead Jerry," Ashley said. 

Jerry moved between Karen's legs. Once he was there, Chuck moved away. Karen, not being able to kick Jerry away tried to close her legs but couldn't do that either. She started to cry out of frustration. Jerry aimed his cock at Karen's puckered rear hole and leaned forward. 

"No... Please... " Karen begged. 

"Karen! If you relax, it won't hurt so bad!" Ashley yelled but her words fell on deaf ears. 

Jerry pushed. Karen could feel the pressure on her virgin hole. She struggled but couldn't stop what was happening. Jerry pushed harder and the head of his dick popped in. "Ahhh, it hurts! Please stop! You're hurting me! It's too big!" Karen pleaded. Jerry continued to push as Karen screamed. Finally he bottomed out and stayed still. Once the movement stopped, Karen went limp but she continued to cry. 

"Karen... Karen... He's in now," soothed Lori. "It will feel better in a minute." 

"Please take it out now?" Karen begged. 

"Not yet. It will feel better in a minute. Want Ashley to let your arms go?" Lori offered. Karen stopped struggling and nodded. Gingerly Ashley let her sister go free. Karen put her hands on her butt cheeks and tried to rub the hurt away to no avail. "Karen, Jerry won't move until you tell him to but he's not gonna pull out until he cums, OK?" 

Karen nodded. The sharp pain of him entering her had gone but she still felt like she was going to split in two. She waited a moment or two and the pain eased. It still wasn't too comfortable but at least it didn't hurt now. She just wanted her ordeal over. "Go ahead," she mumbled. 

Slowly Jerry started to move. Karen expected to sharp pain to come back but it didn't. She could feel his cock moving inside her. As he slowly sawed back and forth, she became more accustomed to the feeling. Ashley had been right. It had hurt when he went into her but now it wasn't that bad. Karen began to relax. As she did, Jerry increased his pace. 

Soon he was bumping against her hard enough to slide her around. Surprisingly Karen found it was actually pleasurable. It felt different from having a guy in her pussy but kind of nice just the same. Jerry groaned and pushed into her. Unlike her pussy, she thought she could actually feel him cuming. A smile came over her face as Jerry moaned, "I'm cuming." Actually feeling a boy cum inside her pleased her. 

Jerry stopped moving and stayed still for a moment. The stuffed feeling in her ass eased some as his cock began to shrivel. She felt him pull out. When he exited her she remained still for a moment then stood. Lori handed her a tissue and without any thought, Karen wiped her ass. She then walked over to Dan and sat down next to him. 

"You OK?" he asked. 

"Yeah, I'm OK," Karen answered, smiling at him. "I gotta go to the bathroom." Karen left and returned a short time later. 

Chuck stood and walked to Ashley, who was now standing next to the couch. He kissed her, then asked, "Am I next?" An evil grin came over her face. She turned and leaned over the arm where Karen had been. Chuck picked up the tube and lubed Ashley's rear entrance. He took his time, smearing the KY around and shoving a finger in her ass occasionally. Once satisfied, he positioned himself behind her and pushed. 

Ashley winced a little as Chuck's cock sank into her ass. Immediately he started pumping. Ashley braced herself with her arms as her rear was assaulted. Gradually the grimaced look on her face faded. "Rub my front too," she moaned. Chuck's hand went under her and evidently found its target because Ashley let out a moan. It didn't take long before Chuck shot his load. He groaned loudly as his hips shot forward. 

The couple remained joined for a while before Chuck backed off. Karen noticed the white goo seeping from Ashley's asshole before she stood up. "That hurt but what a great hurt! I love the feeling of your cum in me!" Ashley giggled. "Your turn, Dan." 

"Just go easy," cautioned Lori. "I'm not as good as Ashley is." 

Dan thought for a moment then looked at Karen. "Would you do it with me?" he mumbled. 

Karen's ass was still feeling a little tender. She would have rather not have it stabbed again but she really liked Dan. "Would you mind?" she asked Lori. 

"Are you kidding? If you want to take it from him, I have no problem with that at all," Lori quickly answered. Karen stood and walked over to the arm of the couch. Almost hesitantly she bent over. 

Dan walked up behind her and Ashley handed him the tube. "Make sure you use a lot. She's already had it once tonight," she instructed him. Ashley then bent down to Karen's ear and whispered, "When he pushes in, push out like you're trying to go to the bathroom. It makes it easier." Karen looked at her sister quizzically. "Trust me. Nothing will happen and it doesn't hurt as much," reassured Ashley. 

Karen felt Dan's slippery finger touch her rosebud. Although second thoughts abounded, she didn't protest as he smeared the KY around. Gently his finger pushed into her. The thoughts of the sharp pain rushed to her brain. She almost stood up but changed her mind. She wanted to please him. As he pulled his finger out, added more KY, and pushed it back in, it became easier. Dan's finger pulled out and didn't return this time. 

Karen felt what she knew was his dick at her entrance. She was frightened but tried to remember all she had been told. Forcing herself to relax as much as she could, she felt him push. It didn't really hurt but still felt like something too big was being shoved into her. Heeding what Ashley had told her, Karen pushed out. That combined with Dan pushing in made his dick slid into her. It felt huge and uncomfortable but the sharp pain didn't come. Still, there was a dull ache but nothing like the first time. 

Dan, unable to contain himself, started moving his hips. Karen felt his cock sliding in and out of her. Karen was actually a little surprised when the dull ache began to fade as Dan fucked her ass. It didn't feel like it did when he fucked her pussy but she sort of enjoyed the feeling. As she started to settle and her anxiety diminished. Her enjoyment increased. She could hear Dan's heavy breathing and soft grunts behind her. Best of all, she could feel his cock inside her. 

Karen closed her eyes and let herself concentrate of the pleasant feelings. Getting ass fucked wasn't something she would want to do often but she admitted to herself it wasn't as bad as she originally thought. Dan was bumping hard on her ass cheeks. His hands caressed them and her back as he pumped his prick in and out of her rear hole. A smile came over her face as she felt his cock twitch and shoot his boy juice into her. A soft moan of satisfaction came from deep within her. Finally his cum was in her. 

Dan slowed and finally stopped but remained buried in Karen. She relaxed and her mind centered on his cock. It wasn't moving but it was very evident where it was. It was inside her. Dan was leaning on her back. The only sound was his breathing as it steadily slowed back to normal. Karen could feel his prick shrinking and backing out as it did. She clenched her ass to try and hold it in for a moment longer but her action only forced it out. 

Karen stayed still. She was suddenly aware she was being wiped. She turned to see Dan smiling behind her. "OK if I do it for you?" he asked softly. Karen just smiled and let him continue. Somehow it seemed right. 

As Karen stood, she brought her hand to her just fucked hole. She thought she could feel traces of Dan's cum barely trickling out of her. Quickly she went into the bathroom again. Dan was laying on the couch when she returned. "Lay down with me?" he murmured. Dan reached up and pulled Karen down beside him. His arms encased her making her feel safe and secure. It had been a frightening night for her but she was content now. 

Looking around she realized she and Dan were the only ones in the room. Giggling from down the hall told her the other boys and her sisters had moved into their bedroom. She was glad they had left. Dan's cock began to poke into her ass cheek. "You getting hard again?" she grinned. He grinned back and nodded. "Well, your not going to put it in me again but if you go wash it, I'll kiss it for you." 

Dan's smile grew larger as he leaped over her and bound down the hall. A few minutes later Karen saw him in the hall again. The smile was still on his face and between his legs, a stiff erection bobbed as he walked. It was going to be an exciting night. 
