Summer Fun 

It has been some time since I last wrote in this series, about a year, to be 
exact. In terms of story time, it is just two weeks later though, the saturday 
after the first part. And it is still hot.

Erika left her apartment clad in jogging suit pants cut to short-shorts, a 
grey sports-bra style top, and sneakers. Despite having just taken a cold 
shower, which had nicely perked up her nipples, she was already covered in 
sweat from the heat.

Which was unpleasant, but had the upside that she looked as if she already had 
completed her run. This fact was welcomed by her because she did not want any 
training, but an opportunity to show off a bit. Truth was, after the fun of 
two weeks ago, summer had returned to boring really fast, especially as she 
was still in the dinner and movie phase with a certain scoutmaster.

As she stepped past Steph's door, or tried to, said door opened. Leaning in 
the frame were the naked forms of Steph and Tammy, motioning for her to get 
inside.

While the girls were in the habit to dress scantily in the heat, the perfect 
nudity promised an adventure, so Erika didn't need to be invited twice.

"We have an idea for a little fun", Steph spoke for the two naked girls.

"Seems you couldn't wait for me", Erika replied, "or why are you already naked?"

"Just to get us into better thinking mode." Steph blushed a little when she said that.

Erika was overjoyed at the opportunity for some fun, but did not want to just be a tagalong. Not if she could have even more fun.

"Only if I can plan the next one. That's only fair", she demanded.

The others agreed, and explained Erika's the task to her. They were to get the 
clothes they left in a backpack in the woods two weeks ago. And the interesting part was, of course, that they were getting them to wear them. Meaning they would wear clothes only on the way back, and only if those left back then were still there.

Erika eagerly undressed and threw her clothes haphazardly into a corner. Tammy 
immediately pointed out her stiff nipples, so it was then Erika's turn to blush.

The girls decided, quite reasonably, to apply sunscreen before exposing themselves to the sun. Despite being quite businesslike, the girls did feel some effect when they rubbed the lotion into their breasts and pussies. And of course, it was quite a sight when they formed a circle to do each others back. Well, would have been a sight if anyone had watched. But I encourage the reader to imagine it.

There was no point, and indeed no wish, to stall the beginning any longer, so 
they all moved back towards the door. Erika, being closest to it, had already 
put her hand on the doorknob, when she suddenly got a feeling like butterflies 
in her stomach.

"Errm, girls", she began, hesitantly, "Maybe it's better if we dress until the 
car? Might be risky to..." She hesitated a bit before she spoke the next word: 
"...streak the building?"

"Aww, come on", Tammy replied, "we've all done it before." Of course, she didn't tell her courage came mainly from the fact she didn't live in the building.

Upon leaving, Tammy, who had driven over, automatically took her car keys, thereby settling the question of whose car to use.

The risk of someone milling about the corridor or staircase on a saturday morning was low if you looked at it objectively, but it was undoubtedly there and definitely felt like a big one to the trio of stark naked girls now sneaking towards the entrance door.

Of course, for our heroines, the combination of total nudity and fear of discovery was not without effect. As it tended to happen to them, the combination of these factors got their juices flowing quickly. When they entered the car, after dashing across the parking lot at a wild gallop that got their curves moving in a way that would have surely have pleased any person who happened to see it, they were all quite excited.

In fact, Erika, who had ended up in the back seat, soon began to fondle her pussy as surreptitiously as her raging hormones would permit.

"What's that noise?" Steph suddenly asked.

Startled, Erika pulled her index finger out of her pussy, and listened. Despite having no experience at repairing car's, she was convinced that it was the sound of a conveyor belt slowly being frayed. At least, she didn't know any other component of an engine made of a material capable of making this kind of noise.

She voiced her opinion to the others, and advised Tammy to have it adjusted or 
replaced. However, too excited and thus unwilling to stop their adventure now, 
she quickly added that this had time until after they got their clothes back.

What none of them knew was that this was no new condition, but had lasted for quite some time now, not noticed by Tammy who was in the habit of hearing rather loud music in her car.

And therefore, the girls found themselves stuck right in what seemed like the middle of nowhere with a frayed conveyor belt after having driven for about one hour, two thirds of the time needed to reach their destination.

"I've heard that pantyhose can be used as a makeshift replacement", Steph 
offered the advice most people know from some old film or other. Nobody needed 
to point out this was useless information to the girls, who had not a stitch of cloth between them.

At this point, they had already left the main road, and were one the rather 
lonely road leading to the woodlands. There was no great danger of other cars 
here, but there were no trees, bushes or other natural cover on the side of 
the road a this point.

With nothing to protect them from the sun or from discovery by the occasional 
car, they were not eager to continue on foot, especially as walking would, of 
course, take considerably longer than half an hour.

After maybe ten minutes of cluelessness, they heard another vehicle approaching. As the van came closer and drove by, Tammy and Steph sank lower in their seats, and Erika actually lay down in the foot room of the rear passenger bank. They did not bother to raise the open windows as they were only clear car glass.

However, the van stopped shortly after their car, and they heard the noise of 
car doors being opened and closed. Tammy and Steph and their eyes closed, and 
Erika couldn't see anything anyway from her hiding place. But they heard the 
noise of shoes, and then a knock on the window.

"Are you O.K.?", a female voice asked.

"The car is broken", a voice from the car, for some strange reason not 
belonging to any of the two naked girls inside, answered her. It was of course 
Erika, who, hidden as she was, felt safest and thus had spoken first.

The owner of the female voice looked around, searching for the source of the 
voice, Finally, she discovered Erika in the foot room, and spoke to her:

"Where exactly?"

But Erika, her courage gone like ice in the sun upon being discovered and looked at, had fallen silent. Instead Steph, sitting on the front passenger seat and knowing the scrutiny of the female voice was on Erika, found the strength to answer:

"We think the conveyor belt is frayed."

"I'll have a look at that", a second female voice said, coming from directly beside the passenger window. Steph thought that she would surely die from embarrassment now.

Female voice number two busied herself checking out the engine after Tammy found the strength to move a hand and unlock the hood.

Only now did the trio of naked girls notice details of their possible rescuers. It were two girls, probably college age, dressed in rather covering and very tomboyish-looking hiking outfits.

"It's the conveyor belt all right", the one under the hood finally announced. 
"You don't happen to have a spare?"

Our textile-free heroines replied in the negative.

"Well, neither do we. But I could call my cousin. He could be here with a new one in about an hour."

"He?", the shocked expression on the faces of our still naked heroines seemed to ask.

"Well, it's either that, or have your car stranded here. We could take you along, of course, but i don't think separating you from your car would help you much, sparsely clad as you are." That last part brought a fresh blush on the faces of our naked girls.

Stranded and miles from any clothing, they saw no choice but to agree to the girl's offer. They did first ask whether the van girls had any spares, but such was not the case.

"But now that you speak of it", the first van girl said, "I've been meaning to ask, all the time, why exactly you were driving that car naked." Well, it was surprising the question wasn't asked earlier, to be honest.

"I guess it's time to 'fess up", Erika sighed. And then she began to give an abbreviated report of the adventure two weeks ago, and their idea on how to retrieve those clothes.

The van girls, luckily, reacted by being rather impressed by the naked trio's 
courage. They suggested that the cousin bring his friend, repair the car, then have them move it to the woodland and drive back in the cousin's car. Erika, Tammy and Steph could then be chauffeured in the van, leaving their car behind and later retrieving it, and so arrive in the forest while it was still relatively early and activity there low.

And so it was done, the cousin called by the second van girl with her mobile. 
The naked trio had now thawed to the obviously unthreatening girls, and had a 
nice chat during the van drive, in which they relayed their previous adventure 
in more detail. They learned belatedly that "first van girl" was called Mandy, 
while her mechanically savvy friend was born as Susan, but insisted on "Sue".

The nude girls were soon quite comfortable inside the van, and to their 
individual surprise found themselves missing the exciting fear of discovery so 
important to their ventures.

However, it was soon back when they arrived and were unceremoniously kicked, 
metaphorically speaking, out of the van by Mandy and Sue, who figured quite 
correctly that in retrospect, the trio would consider this to be a good thing for their adventure.

Soon, Erika, Tammy and Steph were carefully stepping through the woods, in naked single file, just like old days. Only they didn't feel any nostalgia, as they soon discovered the woods were quite busy today. They had to throw themselves into the bushes more than once to escape detection.

Erika noticed with a smile that more often than not, each girl landed with their hand under their body, as if by accident, at about pussy height.

Eventually, they reached the skinny dipping place. Hot from the hike, they did not hesitate for a second, ran up to it, and were inside with three big splashes.

The cold water was reviving and refreshing, but also had another effect: With the girls already being aroused from their nakedness, the occasional cooling breeze on their hot, sweaty bodies and the constant, and sometimes acute, fear of discovery, they immediately found their nipples and clits at almost unbearable hardness.

Erika could not wait any longer, and before she even knew what she was doing after her entry jump, she had her hand buried in her pussy and shuddered in orgasm.

When she could think straight again, the flushed looks on her friends' faces told her they had had a similar experience.

After some refreshing and pleasant splashing, Erika suggested to go and look for the backpack containing their clothes, only to be told by the others that since she had "lost" it, she should be the one to go and retrieve it.

After the obligatory but futile protests, she walked of along the course of their earlier naked hike. Soon she thought she'd found the place, but there was no backpack inside the bush. She was just about to inwardly resign to a long and frustrating search in this apparently everywhere-nearly-the-same-looking woods, when she heard a voice:

"Are you looking for this?"

Erika turned around to see a girl scout, from a group that obviously had replaced one of the boy scout groups from two weeks ago, holding up her backpack.

"I saw you skinny-dipping, and looked for your clothes nearby", the girl scout explained.

"What do you want for giving it back?"

The girl scout stopped for a moment, not having thought to this point. Erika tried to seize the opportunity:

"How about ice cream for your whole group?", was the suggestion she came up 
with on such short notice.

She immediately kicked herself mentally for such a potentially costly suggestion, depending on the group size, especially as she carried no money whatsoever.

The girl scout briefly considered leaving her stranded without her clothes by simply running with them, but then she thought: "I'll be a hero with this tale, but a live person buying us ice cream will be better proof than a few clothes that could have been lying around forever somewhere in this woods."

"Come", she said, and the naked Erika began trotting after her. She soon stepped up and came alongside the girl scout, driven by a particular need:

"I'll have to talk to your scout leader to explain where I take you, and I'll need to be dressed for that, as well as at the ice cream shop. You'll still have the other two sets of clothes as security", she added, in case the girl scout suspected an attempt at foul play behind this.

The girl scout nodded, and gave Erika her clothes, but purposely left out the panties. Without them, the seam of the shorts felt strange on Erika's crotch.

She was lead to the girl scout camp, where the girl scout fetched the scout leader, reporting everything to her in the process, knowing she was the kind of person to play along.

Erika then had a whispered conversation with the scout leader, explaining 
about the skinny dip, of course leaving out the more unusual, by normal 
standards, parts of the day's events, and how she "of course" did not carry 
enough money to make good on her promise, and if maybe an IOU...

The scout leader had a different idea, though: She would pay for ice cream 
herself, but as fitting punishment and to deter Erika & friends from skinny 
dipping in the future, she would also keep all three sets of clothes, forcing 
the skinny-dipping group to find their way home naked. She could not know this 
would do anything but deter future naked activities, after all.

Erika quite reasonably pointed out that she wore her own clothes, and could 
run with them. The scout leader countered by saying her friends wold kill her if she returned with only her own clothes, but Erika knew, though of course she didn't say it, that they'd just get back at her in a fun way, read something involving nudity. The scout leader got her, however, when she mentioned it would also mean breaking her word on the ice cream.

Erika and the scout leader went away from the camp a little, and Erika, blushing all over, took of her clothes again and handed them to the scout leader. then she carefully backtracked her way to the skinny dipping place.

Tammy and Steph loudly complained about the busted plans at getting clothed, but if they were honest, they knew, and had accepted, this possibility from the start. It was not as if it wasn't fun, even if they had not come if they knew, if only because the pretended reason would be missing.

The hike back was exciting, being nude in the seemingly even more crowded forest. They spent a lot of time hiding in the bushes and undergrowth. They reached their car, glad Mandy and Sue had not told the cousin about the naked girls owning it, least they might have prepared some kind of "ambush" at the place the car was parked. As promised, the keys were buried a a little bit to the front of the left rear tyre, as it had been when they left it for cousin to find.

 The naked hike back had made the girls somewhat horny again, and driving naked in the car didn't help this a bit. This time, Steph was the one "capturing the back seat and enjoying herself stealthily, something she had seen Erika do in an earlier adventure. Erika noticed, in the rear mirror, but kept quiet about it.

When they were back to the apartment house Erika and Steph lived in, they first dashed across the parking lot, then, unlike when they left, proceeded to their apartments at undiminished speed, no longer having the nerves for the stealthy but slow approach. They encountered no-one, thank god, but what a rush!

Steph went into her apartment together with Tammy, who had left her clothes there. Steph immediately retreated to her bedroom, and Tammy to the bathroom. After the initial release, she got dressed and went home, but immediately undressed again there and lay naked on her bed, masturbation until she fell asleep, exhausted. Steph did much the same on her bed.

Erika, however, got less time for self induced pleasure, as she had a date with her boyfriend that night. And she knew in advance that she'd take the relationship to a new level that night,

The end. 



