Jensen was frowning as he read the new script. "Looks like we've got a real chick-flick moment this time."

"Yeah?" Jared said, and flicked forward until he found it. "Wow."

If anything, Jensen's frown intensified. "Yeah."

Jared took a closer look at him. It wasn't that they had a problem with the chick-flick moments or the family drama in general. Those scenes tended to be pretty intense, but Jared loved the energy of doing them with Jensen, even the most understated ones. He liked all their scenes together - the fun, comedy ones, the action and the stunts, even the ones where they were slogging around in the woods for hours in the middle of the goddamn night - but that kind of intensity was something special.

He read the scene through again. He could see why Jensen was frowning: Dean was really laying himself out there in a way he normally didn't.

"Sleep on it," Jared suggested after a moment. "See how you feel about it in the morning."

Jensen nodded slowly, though his frown didn't disappear entirely. "Yeah. Yeah, I guess you're right."

When Jared climbed into the car the next morning, though, Jensen was quiet and lost in thought, sipping distractedly at his coffee.

"Why don't we try running some other lines?" Jared suggested after a moment. "Work our way up to it. We won't be shooting it until next week anyway, right? We've got time to think about it and try things out, and if it really just doesn't work, we can call Eric and talk to him about changing it."

Jensen nodded. "Yeah, okay."

They both relaxed progressively as they started working through the script, feeling the flow between them. Jared had read quickly through it the night before and was excited about it, on the whole - Shadow had all the makings of an awesome episode. They'd get to work with Jeff again, which was always amazing, and the scene where Sam came face to face with his missing father was one Jared was really looking forward to.

He could see why Jensen was wary about the scene between Sam and Dean, though. Jensen always did an amazing job of conveying his character's depths in subtle ways; for Dean to just come right out and say those things was a huge step.

They had a first go at the scene, and though they ran it through to the end, Jensen's face told the whole story.

"I can't do it," he said once they reached the end of the scene. "I can't make it work."

Jared leaned back in his seat, his shoulder brushing against Jensen's. "It was just a first run, man. Give yourself a chance."

"I know, but..." Jensen trailed off, mouth tightening.

"Talk it out with me," Jared suggested. "Do you think that's not what Dean's feeling at this point?" Because if not, that would be a really big deal. Jared was happy to accept that it was the writers who determined what would happen and what their characters would say and do, but he and Jensen had been inside Sam and Dean's heads for almost a year now. He knew he felt protective of Sam and what the writers and directors and producers did to him; Jensen felt the same way about Dean, he had admitted as much in the past.

Even if they didn't have the final say, Jared trusted Jensen's instincts. He had so much insight into Dean, brought so much life to the character. If he said this just wasn't Dean, Jared was inclined to listen to him. Hopefully Eric would too, if it came to that.

"No, it's not that," Jensen said, rubbing at the back of his neck. "I mean... family's everything to Dean, he would do everything to have both his dad and Sam back and together. He wants it more than anything. And the thought of Sam just taking off back to college - the idea's killing him. So no, that's not my problem, the motivation's all spot-on, it's just..."

"Too much?" Jared suggested thoughtfully.

"Yeah," Jensen agreed. "It's so important to him that I can't see him just... laying it all out there like that. He's been keeping everything pretty close to his chest up until now, just letting Sam or the audience see flashes of it, and then this? I just can't get my head around it, and if I can't figure it out, I can't sell it, Jared. I can't pull it off."

Jared put a hand on his friend's shoulder and squeezed for a moment, trying to reassure him. "Call Eric today, okay? Maybe it's not set in stone. But even if it is... we'll work on it together. I know you, man. You can sell anything. So don't stress over it too much for now, okay?"

Jensen sighed and managed a smile at him, genuine even if he still looked somewhat worried. "Thanks, Jared."

Jared shrugged and let his hand drop. "Just the truth."

It was a relief that Kim was in charge for this episode. Jared had a lot of respect for the various guest directors who came in, but Kim was in another category entirely, and he knew Jensen felt the same way. He wouldn't have wanted Jensen to be trying to figure this scene out with someone they didn't know and didn't have the same trust with. At least he could count on Kim to take Jensen seriously and give him the time and support he needed to find a way to pull the scene off convincingly.

Eric had apparently been sympathetic when Jensen had called him, but firm on the scene staying largely as it was, though he'd voiced a willingness to make minor changes to the dialogue if Jensen had specific suggestions. Jensen had accepted the decision, but Jared could see his friend was twisting himself ever tighter with worry about the scene.

They were meant to be shooting it that day, and were working with Kim on blocking it out, establishing where they'd move and when. Jensen was all concentration, and Jared was focusing as completely as he could too, avoiding the jokes he'd normally be cracking to lighten the atmosphere and instead doing his best to bring his A-game if it would make this easier for Jensen.

"Okay, guys, take a break while we finish setting up," Kim told them finally.

Jared led the way over to their chairs and studied Jensen. "How are you doing?"

Jensen shook his head. "Still can't figure it out. This isn't going to go well."

Jared shrugged to indicate that was no big deal. It wasn't like they hadn't been forced to shoot a scene a dozen-plus times because of him before. If that was what it took, they could deal with that. He knew that more time than usual had been scheduled in for this scene anyway, after Jensen's conversations with Eric and Kim.

"We've got time," he offered.

Jensen shook his head. "Time helps if it's a scene I'm fucking up because I can't remember the lines or I'm missing my cues. Going through take after take isn't going to help with this."

Jared accepted that without argument and cast around for anything he could do to help. "What do you think it would take for Dean to come out and say something like that?"

Jensen looked at him, then down at the ground, thoughtful. "Other than the end of the world? I don't know. He'd have to be desperate. He'd have to feel he really had to lay it all out like that."

"He's got to be pretty desperate at this point," Jared pointed out. "Sam's talking about leaving again, and not just soon - like, tonight if all goes to plan. And acting all excited about it. That's got to be really tough for Dean, right?"

"Yeah, it is," Jensen agreed. "But to ask for it, in so many words? Dean doesn't really do talking things out. He's not a words guy."

"Sam is, though," Jared said. "I mean, Dean's been showing Sam all this time that family's important to him, that he wants his brother with him, that the family business is what they're meant to do, and it's not getting through - or at least not at this point, if Sam's thinking of leaving again. Maybe putting things into words is the only way Dean stands a chance of getting through to him."

Jensen was silent for a moment, considering, before he said, "Maybe. If he convinces himself that..." He trailed off again, but Jared could almost see Jensen's mind putting things together.

"Okay, guys, we're ready for you!" Kim called.

Two takes in, with a lot of encouragement and help from Kim, Jared could immediately feel the moment Jensen figured things out to his own satisfaction. The way his friend delivered his lines changed subtly, but in a way that somehow made all the difference, because the scene was working now in a way it hadn't before.

They needed four more takes to take account of a couple of changes to Dean's movements that Jensen and Kim worked out between them, and to adjust Sam's reactions accordingly, but in the final take they nailed it.

"Good work, both of you," Kim told them. "I knew you had it in you. You're done for the day, take yourselves off home and get some sleep."

Jared slung an arm around Jensen's shoulder. "You did it, man. You pulled it off. You were awesome."

Jensen turned his head to grin at him, wide with relief and satisfaction. "We were awesome. And hey - thanks. You really helped me to figure it out, you know. Not to mention put up with me going crazy the past few days."

Jared felt himself flush a little at the compliment. He could hear the genuine gratitude and respect in Jensen's tone, and it meant a lot that someone who was as amazing an actor as Jensen could have that much respect for him, could find his suggestions helpful.

"Come on," was all he said, steering Jensen in the direction of the trailers. "Come back and crash at my place tonight. I owe you a beer or two."

"J.T.?"

"Momma! Hi!" Jared said, grabbing a towel and drying himself off as best as he could one-handed. "I'm sorry, I've been meaning to call -"

"That's all right, I know you're busy right now," his mom told him.

'Busy' was an understatement. They were in the process of shooting the last couple of episodes, and it was beyond intense. Working hours had ratcheted up - they'd worked Saturdays too for the past couple of weeks. Jared was past exhausted, but at the same time it was awesome. They were doing good work, he could feel it. And having Jeff around was, as usual, pulling him and Jensen up a couple of notches further. Jared was pretty sure the end of the season was going to be amazing.

But even so, he'd give a lot for ten hours of uninterrupted sleep right now.

"We were just watching your show," his mom said, "and I thought I'd give you a call and tell you how proud I am of you, honey."

Jared glanced across at the clock. Wow, yes, it was that time of evening, and he'd almost forgotten it was even a Thursday. He was still in his trailer after deciding to grab a quick shower before heading back to the hotel. They'd worked late, but not too late, since they'd had a night shoot the day before. Tomorrow was likely to be another long, long day.

"Thanks, Mom," he said.

"It was the episode with the shadow things," she said.

"Oh, Shadow," Jared said. "Really? I'd lost track, didn't realize that was about to air."

"You did a real good job," his mom said. "That scene where the boys met up with their dad again nearly made me cry. And your sister got all upset about the bit where the two of you talk about your plans for the future."

Jared grinned, slow and happy. "I'll pass that on to Jensen. It was a really tough scene for him, so he'll be stoked to hear it worked for her. He really nailed it in the end, though, didn't he?"

"You both did," his mom said firmly. "When are you due to finish shooting?"

"Another few weeks," Jared said, dressing with one hand. "It's going to be crazy between now and then. When I get home, I'm gonna sleep for a month, seriously."

She laughed. "I expect to see you here at some point, J.T. I know you'll want to spend some time in L.A. too, but we haven't seen you since January."

"I know," Jared said. He did know, far too well. He missed his family a lot - he just tried not to think about it too much, because there wasn't a great deal he could do about it right now with the hours he was working, so there was no point in dwelling on it and making himself miserable. Missing Sandy the way he did was bad enough. He swallowed. "But don't worry, you won't be able to get rid of me. I'm planning on taking the whole summer off, just lazing around and catching up with everyone."

"That sounds like a wonderful plan, honey," his mom said.

There was a knock at the door and Jensen stuck his head in. "Hey, are you - oh, sorry, man -"

Jared waved at him to come in, relieved that he'd at least managed to get his shorts on beforehand. "Momma, talk to Jensen for a minute while I finish getting dressed, okay? Tell him what you told me about that scene." He held out the phone.

Jensen took it, looking slightly alarmed. "Hello? Oh, hi, Mrs. Padalecki, how are you?"

Jared got dressed, listening to Jensen's side of the conversation, entertained by the way Jensen's expression swung between slightly panicked and pleased.

"Well, thank you very much," Jensen said finally. "Jared's managed to tie his shoelaces now, so I'm gonna pass you back across. Thanks, Mrs. Padalecki, you too." He thrust the phone back in Jared's direction.

Jared took it with a grin. "Hi again, Momma."

"He seems like a lovely young man," his mom said approvingly. "You should invite him to come visit this summer too, you know."

The thought hadn't actually occurred to Jared, but it made a lot of sense. "You're right. Momma, I'm sorry, I've got to go - can I call you back on Sunday and catch up? We'll probably be working on Saturday..."

"Of course, honey," she said. "Make sure you get enough sleep, now. Jensen too, you boys look after each other."

Jared grinned. "We will. Bye, Mom, love you."

"Love you too, J.T.," his mom told him warmly before she hung up.

"My mom's a fan," Jared told Jensen, pocketing his phone.

Jensen laughed, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. "She seems awesome."

"Yeah, she is," Jared said, feeling another sudden wave of homesickness at the thought of her. He shook it off as best he could and locked it away. Only a few more weeks to go. "Okay, let's go. I don't know about you, but I could use my beauty sleep."

The wrap party was quite something. Jared was having a blast, laughing with all the people he'd made friends with over the past nine months. It was good to be at the end, to be able to cut loose and drink a bit more knowing he didn't need to get up and come in to the set for six o'clock the next morning. His flight didn't leave until the next day.

His flight.

That was the only weird thing, Jared admitted to himself. They still didn't know whether Supernatural would be renewed for another season. Everyone was cautiously hopeful - the last few episodes they'd shot, in particular, had really taken things up a gear. It felt like they'd really hit their stride. But with the networks merging, things were even more unpredictable than usual, apparently. No one seemed to really know what was going to happen. The uncertainty was hard to deal with.

Jared wasn't sure what he wanted. On the one hand, he'd loved working on Supernatural this year. It was amazing being one of the leads, working on a show as it got started, watching everything come together. On the other hand, much as he liked Vancouver, he was a hell of a long way from home, and a hell of a long way from his girlfriend. He hadn't seen Sandy in weeks, as they'd worked flat-out to finish off the season. He was really looking forward to seeing her when he reached L.A.

He glanced around, looking for Jensen, and caught sight of him slipping out of a side-door. Huh.

"What are you doing out here?" he asked five minutes later, after making his excuses to the group he'd been hanging out with and fighting his way through the crowd.

Jensen was leaning back against the side of the building, a bottle of beer cradled in his hand. He smiled at Jared, though, so Jared felt entitled to go and stand beside him.

"Just needed some air," Jensen said.

Jared nodded and didn't push.

They stood together in comfortable silence for a while, listening to the sounds of the party carrying on inside. Finally, Jensen said, "I really wish we already knew, you know? One way or the other. I don't like not knowing if this is the last night."

Jared nodded with a sigh. "The up-fronts are the latest we should hear, right?"

"Yeah," Jensen said. "You'll be going, right?"

Jared hadn't actually thought about it one way or the other yet, but... "Yeah. Yeah, I'll be there. You're going too, right? So we'll see each other then, either way."

"Yeah," Jensen said, and Jared could see some of the tension go out of him.

It was strange how well he'd gotten to know Jensen over the past nine months, well enough to read tiny pieces of body language, even out here in the dark. Then again, they'd spent insane amounts of time together. He'd spent more time with Jensen in the past nine months than with Sandy.

The thought that tomorrow he'd get out of bed and not see Jensen, or the day after, or months after - it was weird.

He took a sip of his beer and admitted to himself that he did want the show to be renewed. Really wanted it. Much though he still missed being closer to Texas and Sandy and his family, he wanted to come back and see how the show hit its stride in a new season. He wanted to see how much he could improve. He wanted to spend more time hanging out with Jensen Ackles. The thought that it might be over, that he might never spend time between scenes kicking Jensen's ass on the Playstation or having a few beers with him in the evening... He wasn't ready for that.

Because no matter how you said you'd keep in touch with someone afterwards, it was never the same. If Supernatural didn't get renewed, they'd both move on to other projects, and yeah, they'd text each other a few times, maybe even meet up for a beer once or twice a year if they were lucky, but that would be it.

It was kind of surprising to Jared how much he didn't want that to happen.

"Hey," he found himself saying. "You should come visit in the summer, when you get a break from filming. Come meet my family, or hang out with me and Sandy in L.A."

Jensen turned his head to look at him, and smiled suddenly, slow and bright.

"Yeah," he said. "Sounds good."

Supernatural was renewed. Jared whooped with joy when he heard, and hugged Jensen in celebration.

Sandy hugged him right after that, and Jared tried to focus on the pride he saw in her eyes, and not the sadness lurking just behind it.

Hiatus was amazing, particularly now he knew for certain it was a hiatus and not anything more permanent. Jared slept, and slept some more, and hung out with Sandy, and spent time at home with his family, and slept even more.

It was amazing how much he now appreciated things he'd taken for granted before. Stupid little things, mostly: brands of food and drink that it was harder to get in Vancouver, the exact kind of heat that was Texas in the summer. Bigger things too, of course, mostly people. His dogs. God, Jared had missed his dogs, and he decided to take them to Vancouver with him when filming started again. They could stay at the hotel with him, and he was sure it wouldn't be a problem to take them out to the set during the day. He'd need to take them out for a run each day, which would probably mean getting up an hour or two earlier, but it would be worth it.

He and Jensen texted back and forth, and that was good too. Jared had been a little worried that they wouldn't speak all summer, too busy with their separate lives, but he kept finding himself wanting to tell Jensen something, or share something amusing with him. Texting worked, and given how quickly Jensen usually replied, Jared figured he felt the same way.

When Jared received the message with the photo of Jensen dressed up as Priestley, face covered with piercings and hair in a bright blue mohawk, he laughed for an entire day.

Heading back to Vancouver was different this year. Maybe just because he knew what to expect this time and was better prepared.

Saying goodbye to Sandy was the hardest part, of course. She saw him to the airport, kissed him goodbye and waved as he went through to security, her eyes bright with unshed tears. Jared was miserable, right up until the flight touched down in Vancouver and he was able to reclaim his dogs, who seemed none the worse for wear after the journey. It was hard to be too miserable with Harley licking his face.

He put Sandy out of his mind as best he could for now. Yeah, he missed her like hell, but dwelling on it was only going to make things worse. Last year had taught him that.

He was staying at the same hotel, and to his surprise, Marga at the front desk told him he could even have the same suite, if he wanted.

"Yeah," Jared said, smiling suddenly. "Yeah, I'll take that suite again."

It was nice, having that level of familiarity with the place. Jared understood now why Jensen had stuck with the same hotel for years, even though it meant a longer drive to set. That tiny additional degree of familiarity was worth a lot. Of course, the room was pretty bland and anonymous again at the moment - he'd had to move all the crap he'd accumulated when he'd left for the summer. The essentials he'd taken with him, and they were in his bags, but the other shit he'd packed up and put into storage. He'd have to go collect it tomorrow.

The dogs sniffed their way around the suite, getting to know the place. Jared frowned a little: it was a pretty small space for two such big dogs. Still, it wasn't like he was planning to leave them there during the day or anything - they'd be able to run around out at the set, and no doubt they'd get plenty of attention from the crew, too. It would work out.

He let them explore while he unpacked, reorganizing things in the drawers and closets he'd taken them from just a few months earlier. Somehow the room didn't look quite as bare and impersonal as it had when he'd first moved in, even though most of his stuff was still in storage.

He called his parents and let them know he'd arrived safely, then took a deep breath and made himself dial Sandy's number.

It wasn't that he didn't want to speak to her - Jesus, more than just about anything he wished she was right there with him. But it was hard hearing her voice, feeling that longing rush right back over him. He breathed deeply and rubbed the bridge of his forehead while they spoke.

"I'm glad the journey was okay," Sandy said. "How did Harley and Sadie cope?"

"They seem fine," Jared said. "Pleased to be able to run loose again, of course. They're getting to know the place at the moment, but I'll have to take them out for a run in a while, maybe buy some stuff for them while I'm out."

"I miss them already," Sandy said. "This place just isn't quite the same without them."

Jared swallowed hard. She did mean that, he knew. He also knew it wasn't just the dogs that she missed.

They sat in silence for a moment, just listening to each other breathe.

The moment was interrupted when Sadie jumped up on top of him and proceeded to lick his face. Jared spluttered and toppled backwards, raising one arm to fend off the worst of the drool attack. "Jesus. I think Sadie really wants to go for that run now."

Sandy was laughing, determinedly cheerful now. "You should go before she resorts to extreme measures."

Jared laughed too and forced himself back up into a sitting position. "Okay. Love you, call you tomorrow."

"Love you, Jared," Sandy said softly, and hung up.

Jared stared at the photo of them that was now sitting on the nightstand again, then stuck the phone in his pocket and got to his feet. He had dogs to walk.

"Whoa," Jensen said when the dogs piled into the car, looking abruptly more awake than he had when Jared had opened the door. "Jesus. What -?"

Jared closed the door behind him. "That's Sadie, and this is Harley."

"Wow," Jensen said, over his lapful of enthusiastic dog. "Hi Sadie, hi Harley. Nice to, uh, meet you both. Hey girl, you keeping an eye on Jared this year, huh? Good luck with that."

"It's all part of a conspiracy to make me go out running more," Jared told him, coaxing Sadie back down to lie on the floor now she'd gotten to know Jensen.

"Cunning," Jensen said. "I hope no one gets any ideas about getting at me that way."

Jared laughed and tugged Jensen into a one-armed hug. "Hey, man. It's good to see you again."

Jensen hugged him back. "Yeah, you too. You're looking good, did you have a good time over hiatus?"

Jared released him again. "It was awesome. I'd kind of planned to just sleep for three months, but there was a lot on in the end - a friend got married, a cousin had a baby, so... It was good. How about you? Did you get a chance to sleep any?"

"Yeah, I wasn't filming the whole time, I got a few weeks off," Jensen said. "It was a fun shoot, I had a blast."

"I gotta tell you, I'm kind of disappointed you didn't keep the mohawk," Jared told him. "It was very you."

"Your hair's long enough, I'm sure I could convince Marie to do one for you if you're that into them," Jensen mock-threatened, and Jared laughed and sank back against the seat.

It had been a good summer, but it was good to be back, too.

The dogs were a hit. There were at least half a dozen PAs who melted at the sight of them and volunteered to keep an eye on them while Jared was busy, so that was a relief. And after the initial shock of them jumping into the car the first morning, Jensen seemed to like them too. He always stroked them when they got in the car and came up to him to say good morning, and he didn't seem to mind whenever Sadie settled her chin on his knee, looking up at him soulfully.

It was amazing what a difference it made, having them around. Jared didn't feel nearly as lonely this year: it was hard to feel alone when there were two big dogs snuffling around in his suite and demanding his attention.

Taking them out for a run each morning was good too, once he got into the routine. Getting up an hour earlier nearly killed him the first week until he re-adjusted, but after that he enjoyed it. He got to know the neighborhood much better, too - learning where you could get decent coffee at any time, day or night, where the nicest parks were, what little stores were hidden where. There was this one store he passed with the most amazing wooden carving in the window of a dog that looked just like Harley. The first weekend after shooting began, he went back in daylight hours and bought it.

He ended up putting it on the little coffee table in the living room. It looked pretty awesome there.

Second season was easier in a lot of ways, and harder in others.

It really felt like they were hitting their stride now, both on the work front and the personal front. Jared was really excited about the first few episodes they'd shot and the way the season was shaping up. Trying to show the way the boys were dealing with the loss of their father was a new challenge, and it was really interesting to explore the ways in which the characters were developing. Jared felt like they were doing good work, like both he and Jensen were at the top of their game when filming.

And in general, things were going smoothly on the work front. The crew knew each other now: although there were a few new faces, almost everyone who'd worked on season one had returned for season two. Jared had the impression that, like Jensen and him, everyone was hitting their stride and gaining confidence now - the writers, the directors, the crew... He was excited to see what the fan reaction would be to the new season, because from where he was sitting, things were seeming pretty awesome.

Even outside of work, things were good. Jared was feeling much more settled this year. Maybe just because he knew what to expect this time, and partly because he wasn't flying back and forth to L.A. quite as much. It made a big difference, being able to relax and unwind at the weekend and catch up on his sleep, rather than grabbing red-eye flights.

Missing Sandy wasn't something that ever really went away, but he was getting better at dealing with that this year too, locking it away inside and forcing himself to concentrate on other things instead, because moping around just didn't help anything. They spoke on the phone every couple of days, traded emails and text messages, and it was fine. They were making it work.

"Oh man, I'm tired," Jared said, and let his head slump down to rest on Jensen's shoulder. "Tell me it's Friday."

Jensen laughed at him, but his voice was tired too when he replied, "No such luck. We still have tomorrow to get through."

Jared groaned. "Sure I can't just stay in bed? It's your big emo scene, no one'll notice if Sam isn't there for that, surely."

Jensen laughed again, though less happily this time. "You're kidding, right? Sorry, man, hate to break it to you, but someone as big as you kind of stands out. I think someone might notice if you're not there."

Jared sighed and straightened up. "Spoilsport." He tilted his head to look at Jensen. "You ready for that scene?"

Jensen's mouth twisted. "I think so. It should be okay, but... it's gonna be heavy, that's all."

"You'll rock it," Jared said confidently. It was a pretty big scene for Jensen, with Dean finally confessing to his brother some of the fucked-up shit that had been going on in his head since their father's death, including the belief that he ought to be dead. Jared didn't have to do too much other than looked concerned and conflicted and unable to deal with a Dean who was falling apart; it was definitely Jensen who would have to carry the scene. But Jensen was amazing at that kind of thing, and Jared had no doubt the scene would be great.

It turned out to be harder than he'd expected, though, to watch Jensen wind himself up for it. It surprised him just how much it bothered him; Jared kept wanting to go over and put a hand on his shoulder, maybe give him a hug, do something to erase that look from Jensen's eyes, but he forced himself to keep his distance and let Jensen do his thing.

Even in Sam's skin, it was hard to watch Dean fall apart, far worse than Jared had been expecting - wanting to reach out, knowing Dean would bolt if he did...

The scene worked, though. Really worked. The energy was there, and Jared wasn't even surprised when they got it in one take.

"Great work, guys," the director said. "Take a break while we pack things up here."

Jensen didn't wait for more than that, already off the car and walking off down the road, far too fast, his head low. Jared sighed, forced the last of Sam Winchester from his mind, and set off after him.

Jensen didn't stop until he was quite a distance away, far away that none of the crew would overhear him. Though Jared thought they probably knew both of them well enough by now to know not to interfere.

"Hey," he said, as he caught up with his friend. "Hey, Jen. C'mere."

He tugged Jensen into a hug, and after a moment Jensen stopped resisting and just went with it. Jared could feel him trembling, his breath hitching.

They stood there in silence for a while, until Jensen finally calmed down and started to breathe normally.

"Great work, man," Jared told him, soft but utterly convinced.

Jensen finally pulled back and looked up at him. He was red-eyed, but didn't seem to have any trouble meeting Jared's eyes, for which Jared was grateful.

"Thanks, Jared," Jensen said, and sighed. "Okay, now I'm tired. You think they'll let us go at a sane hour today?"

"Only one way to find out," Jared said, and slung an arm around Jensen, turning them to walk back up the hill. "Let's go ask what the schedule is."

Jensen dozed off on his shoulder in the car on the way home that evening, and Jared held very still before finally telling the driver to head straight to Jensen's hotel.

He crashed on Jensen's couch that night, the dogs on the floor at his feet, and in the morning Jensen came running with them.

He called Jensen while waiting to go through customs. "Hey. Everything going okay so far?"

"Jesus, Jared, you've only been gone two hours," Jensen said, laughing. "Anyone would think you're a new parent leaving their kid with a babysitter for the first time."

"You'd make a really cute babysitter," Jared shot back. "You totally were one back in high school, weren't you."

"The dogs are fine," Jensen said hastily.

Jared laughed - too loud, if the irritated glances he got from the people standing in front of him in the line were anything to judge by. He forced himself to lower his voice a bit. "Smooth, Ackles. Smooth. But everything's going okay?"

"Everything's fine," Jensen stressed again. "We went out for a run a while ago, now your kids are just vegetating with me in front of the tv. Sadie's got her bone and Harley sound asleep. And if you ask me to put them on so you can speak to them, I am seriously going to enrol you in some kind of twelve-step program, man."

Jared grinned at the thought of Jensen and the dogs curled up together in Jensen's suite. At some point in the past few weeks, Jared had found that one of the cabinets in Jensen's kitchenette now contained spare tins of dog food and boxes of treats. Neither of them had said anything about it, but something about Jensen and the dogs together always made Jared grin.

He was pretty sure Jensen could handle looking after them for the weekend while he was in L.A., but still. There was a difference between letting them lie around in his suite while Jared was there too, or even going out for runs with Jared and the dogs, and actually looking after them for a whole weekend.

"I appreciate it," Jared told him, and looked up as the line finally began moving forward properly. "I've got to go. Thanks, Jensen, seriously. Call me if anything comes up, right?"

"Get moving, Jared," Jensen told him. "I promise to call if the kids get cranky, okay? Give Sandy a hug for me."

It was good, amazing to see Sandy again. Jared swept her up in his arms and swung her around. "Hey, baby."

Sandy laughed and dragged him down for a kiss.

"Mind if I make some coffee?" Jared asked when they got back to her apartment. "I need to wake up a bit."

"Help yourself, you know that," Sandy told him, laughing a little at the question.

They had coffee together on her couch, snuggled together, catching up on the past couple of months. It was hard to believe it had been that long since they'd seen each other, but Jared had wanted to get settled in Vancouver - and make sure the dogs were settled too - before traveling back to L.A., and though Sandy had been planning to come up one weekend, she'd been called back for an audition and had to cancel.

They'd already talked about most of what had been happening on the phone and via email, but it wasn't quite the same as talking in person, able to see each other's expressions and give a hug when it was needed.

"It's sounded like you're doing really well this season," Sandy said, leaning into him.

Jared couldn't help grinning. "We are. It's going great, I think this season's going to be amazing. Jensen said the same thing. Oh, he said to say hi and give you a hug from him, by the way." He pulled her a little closer and squeezed her obediently.

Sandy laughed and snuggled into him. "Right back at him. I'm glad you've got him up there with you, I wouldn't like to think of you being alone."

The run-up to Christmas was busy, enough that Jared was late in getting started on his Christmas shopping. It was a shock when he realized he had no clue what to buy his sister.

It was stupid. They spoke on the phone nearly every week, and she chatted on cheerily about what was going on in her life. He knew about her new boyfriend and her schoolwork and the party she'd been to the other week.

But he didn't know what music she was listening to at the moment, or which movies she didn't already own on dvd. He didn't know about the little things, the things which seemed of too little significance to bother mentioning on the phone, but which in total were... important.

And it was only at a moment like this, when he was trying to think what to buy her for Christmas, that he realized just how out of touch he really was.

God, how had he ever let that happen?

"Calm down, JT," his mom told him when he called in a horrified panic. "It's normal when you're living that far away. Of course you can't keep track of every cd in her collection, honey."

Jared groaned and rested his head on the table. "Oh my god, I'm an awful brother."

"That's not what she says," his mom said. "And if, say, you were to get her the charm bracelet she's been pining after for the past month or two, I bet she really wouldn't say that."

"A charm bracelet?" Jared said. She'd never mentioned it to him, but a charm bracelet was doable. "Any particular kind?"

"Silver," his mom told him. "And you can pick out what charms you think would suit her. That would be a lovely present."

"Huh, it would," Jared said thoughtfully. That would be a bit more personal. He cheered up at the thought. "Thanks, Momma."

His sister loved the charm bracelet when she unwrapped it on Christmas Day. She seemed to find it a bit odd when Jared started interrogating her about the books she was reading and the cds she was buying, after that, but she didn't comment on it, and Jared was grateful.

Jared stared around his L.A. apartment.

It was pretty empty these days, more a storage place than anything else. The important stuff was all up in Vancouver these days, except for his furniture and a few larger items. The rest of the stuff there wasn't anything important to him.

It was still clean, thanks to the agency that came in once a week to keep the place in order, but it felt empty and abandoned. He couldn't remember the last time he'd slept there - maybe a night or two back in the summer hiatus. But for nine months of the year he was in Vancouver, and even when he went to L.A., he usually stayed with Sandy rather than going to this apartment.

Maybe, he thought to himself, it's time to sell it.

It would be a pretty big step. But if he was going to have an apartment somewhere, it really made more sense right now for it to be in Vancouver.

He packed a few more things into his bags and left, locking the door carefully behind him. It was something to think about, at least. If the show was renewed for another season, maybe he ought to make that leap of faith. Get a place with a yard, maybe, where the dogs could run around. He and Jensen could grill steaks at the weekends.

As ideas went, it sounded pretty nice, actually.

One of the things Jared loved was the way Jensen's accent came out more strongly when he was really tired. Most of the time Jensen kept it under control, though you could hear hints of it in certain words if you really focused. But when he was tired, it started creeping in. Jared loved hearing it, the way it felt like being home. He had to suppress his own accent for his work, but that didn't mean he wanted to lose it - just control it when necessary.

Sometimes he and Jensen would get into weird accent pissing matches, trying to outdo each other with the Texas until they were both reduced to helpless laughter. Jared loved that.

"Whoa," Jared said when he saw the script.

It wasn't like he hadn't known it was coming. There had been negotiations going on with his agent about the level of nudity involved in the sex scene with Madison for weeks, now. It had been Jared's decision, in the end. But seeing it there in black and white... Jesus.

He forced himself to read on, and paused as he reached the final couple of scenes. Those he hadn't known about until now, and wow, this was going to be one hell of an episode. It was intimidating just thinking about trying to sell that scene properly.

He started working out a lot more. It wasn't like he'd been lazy up until now - he went running with his dogs every day, and despite his schedule, he tried to make time to work out two or three times a week, just to stay healthy - but if he was going to be flashing that much skin on camera, he didn't want to make himself a laughing stock. So in the weeks leading up to the episode, he got up even earlier to work out each morning, and spent his free evenings in the hotel gym, even canceling plans with Jensen to find more time.

It was a bit of a shock, though, the next evening, to look up and see Jensen walking across the gym toward him.

"Hey, man," Jared said, a bit worried, though he didn't know why. "What are you doing here?"

Jensen shrugged. "Figured I'd come work out with you for a while. Is that okay?"

Jared blinked. "Sure. Of course it's okay."

Jensen flashed him a grin, and they worked out in comfortable silence for a while.

Afterwards, they went back to Jared's suite, and Jensen wandered around, inspecting the photographs and the books on the shelves while Jared got him a drink.

"So I guess you're pretty worked up about this episode," Jensen observed finally, raising his bottle to Jared in salute.

Jared shrugged, feeling oddly self-conscious. "It'll be okay."

"It'll be better than okay," Jensen told him, and the tone of utter conviction in his voice made Jared look up. Jensen was looking at him intently. "You don't need to worry about the big kill-me scene, Jared. You're good, better than good. I know you're going to nail that scene."

Jared swallowed. The scene had been worrying him, but coming from Jensen, that meant a lot.

"And you don't have anything to worry about with the other scene either," Jensen said, turning away to inspect his books again. "Believe me."

For some reason, Jared did, and when the scenes rolled around, he remembered the conviction in Jensen's voice and knew he wouldn't let him down.

It was hard to believe the end of the season was almost upon them again. Jared shook his head at the thought and rubbed his forehead, focusing on the script again.

He couldn't quite believe the script, either. Jesus.

"Wow," Jensen said beside him, looking up at last. "Dude."

"Do you think Eric's heard we're not going to get picked up for a third season, or something?" Jared asked, not quite joking.

Jensen met his eyes, then looked away and sighed. "Nah. If that was it, he'd tell us. I don't think he knows either. Maybe he's just playing it safe. Or hell, who knows. Maybe he just wants to wrap up the YED storyline and move on to something new next season. The whole thing with Dean's deal could be interesting to see play out."

"I guess so," Jared said. He knew Jensen was right - if Eric had heard anything semi-definite, he would have told them. Besides, Eric could be pretty crazy. Just because he decided to kill off the big bad, that didn't necessarily mean anything.

"You realize you're going to have to lie there and play dead for ages while we do the heart-rending death scene?" Jensen said, flicking back to the start of the script. "Dude, we are going to have to keep you away from the coffee that day. And the sugar."

Jared flipped him off. "Sounds like Jeff'll be here for one day, at least. It'll be cool to see him again."

"Yeah, it will," Jensen agreed, smiling. "And Jim and Sam, too. Should be a blast."

Once they'd got the death scenes out of the way - Jensen was messed up for a full day, shooting them, and Jared knew him well enough to keep other people out of his way, but stay close himself afterwards - it really was a blast. Even though the fear of not being renewed was hanging over them, Jared was really proud of the way they all took that fear and used it to make the best possible finale they could.

When it was all over and they were at the wrap party, Jared found himself thinking about the difference to the year before. At the end of the first season he'd had mixed feelings, wanting to come back for another season, but at the same time wishing he could spend more time in L.A. This year... he wanted another season. Really wanted it. They'd done a pretty amazing job this year, he was sure of it, and he wasn't ready for the ride to be over yet. Who knew what they could do with another season?

Yeah, if the show was picked up, he was going to sell his apartment in L.A., he decided finally.

"It'll be okay, you'll see," Jensen said, passing him another beer. "Remember how worried we were last year? We've got a good chance."

"Yeah," Jared said, and slung an arm around him. "I think you're right."

Eric called the day before the up-fronts with the good news, and Jared whooped out loud. When he called Jensen right after, he could hear the grin in Jensen's voice.

"I'm gonna buy a house," Jared told him.

Jensen laughed. "What?"

"In Vancouver," Jared said. "It's not like I ever stay at my apartment in L.A. anyway, I'm always at Sandy's place. If we're going to be sticking around in Vancouver for a while, I might as well go for it, you know? Get a place where the dogs can run around and shit."

"Wow," Jensen said, but his voice was oddly approving. "I didn't realize you were thinking about that. I think it's cool." He paused. "You're telling me this now because you're going to make me help you lug heavy-ass boxes about, aren't you?"

"Hell yes," Jared said happily. "Soon as your play's done with. How are things going so far? You memorized your lines yet?"

Jensen was good at learning lines, but the play was a lot even by his standards, and he hadn't had a chance to work on it while they were still filming the finale. Jared knew he'd been... not worried about it, exactly, but it had been weighing on him a bit.

"Nearly," Jensen said with a groan. "Man, I'm never complaining about one of our scripts again. But yeah, rehearsals are going pretty well. And it's nice being home, too, takes some of the pressure off."

Jared knew what he meant. Even though he was pretty excited about buying a place in Vancouver, even though he was okay with the idea of selling his place in L.A. ... there was nowhere quite like being back home.

Sandy's reaction to his decision wasn't quite what he'd expected. She didn't argue or seem disapproving, as such, but she did go weirdly quiet for a minute.

"I - you don't mind me staying here when I come to visit you, do you?" Jared asked, suddenly unnerved. "I mean, it just seems like I'm here all the time anyway, so..."

"No, I don't mind that," Sandy said hastily. "God, no, you know I want you here with me. Just - I don't know. You mentioned you were thinking about it, but I didn't realize you were that serious about it."

Jared frowned, leaning back in his seat. "I just figure it makes sense, you know? Hopefully Supernatural will run for a few more years - Eric wants four or five seasons, and if they're giving us a third, I think we've got a pretty good chance of getting that. So if I'm based there for the next few years, I might as well do it properly. I've gotten used to my hotel suite now, but it's still a hotel. I don't really want to live in a hotel for the next few years, you know?"

"Yes," Sandy said. "Yes, it makes sense. Just..."

"Just what, baby?" Jared asked. He really didn't want this to screw things up between them somehow, but he couldn't fix it unless Sandy told him exactly what was bothering her.

Sandy sighed and looked down. "It's stupid, I know. But... I don't know. It kind of feels like you're moving away from me, somehow. I know that's not what you're doing, but I can't help feeling that way."

Jared pulled her into his arms and buried his face in her hair. "God. God, Sandy, that's the last thing I want to do. Don't you know that? You - I love you, you know that, right?"

"I know," Sandy whispered at once. "And I love you too, you know that. It's just hard, having you so far away. I mean, it's great that the show's doing so well, and I'm so, so proud of you, Jared. I'm really happy for you. I guess this is just... bringing it home to me that it's not likely to change any time soon, you know? It's one thing knowing that in the back of my mind and trying not to think about it, and another to have you buying a house up there and selling your place here."

Jared tightened his arms around her and tried to think of something to say.

"Do you want me to keep my apartment here?" he asked finally.

"No," Sandy said at once, shaking her head. "No, I'm being silly. It's just an apartment, it doesn't make a difference, really. You should get a nice house in Vancouver. And I'll come up and we'll have a whole load of new rooms to christen."

Jared tipped her head up and kissed her, trying to put just how much he loved her into it.

Finding the right house wasn't too difficult; his old apartment sold almost overnight. It was a little weird, moving the last of his stuff out of it - Jared had had some good times in that apartment, and there were some really good memories associated with it. But he was sure of his decision.

The house in Vancouver was awesome. Probably a lot bigger than he really needed, but he wanted to be able to have friends and family come up to visit. And Jensen would probably appreciate having an actual bed to crash on when he stayed over, rather than a cramped couch. Besides, the other advantage of having a larger house was that the yard was larger too, and Harley and Sadie really did need the extra room. They were big dogs.

Of course, furnishing the place was going to be more work than buying it, Jared was pretty sure.

He stuck to the absolute basics - a bed, mostly, a huge-ass one that even he could fit on comfortably - before he flew back to Texas. The rest could wait until he moved back up there.

It hadn't been easy to arrange for Sandy and him to surprise Jensen at his play, but with a little help from Danneel, they managed to organize it. When Jensen called his cell during the break, sounding absolutely shocked but at the same time thrilled, Jared was really glad he'd pulled it off.

Jensen was amazing, and Jared was so proud, watching him. He was the first on his feet to lead the applause at the end, clapping wildly, and all he could see was Jensen's smile, a little bashful, as he took his bow and applauded the other members of the cast.

Meeting up with Jensen and his family afterwards was also awesome. It was fun to watch Jensen be hugged half to death by his mom, and even more awesome to hug him himself. Somehow it felt like it had been ages since they'd seen each other, though he guessed it hadn't really been that long.

"Hey, man, thanks for coming," Jensen said in his ear, low and heartfelt. "I can't believe you're here."

"Like I'd miss it," Jared scoffed. "God, you were awesome, Jensen, seriously. You were amazing up there."

Jensen grinned at him, slow and warm. "Thanks, Jared. From you, that means a lot."

Jensen's family took off fairly early, and Jared found himself having dinner with Sandy, Danneel and Jensen. It was fun, a lot of fun, and Jared found himself relaxed and happy and trading stories with Jensen about what he'd been up to. Jensen talked about the play and Jared told him all about the house.

"It was a good night, wasn't it?" he said to Sandy when they finally made it to bed.

Sandy smiled at him. "Yeah, it was a great night."

"Wow," Jensen said, staring around at the house, before Harley and Sadie came bounding up, barking wildly with excitement, and almost knocked him to the floor. "Whoa! Hey, guys, I know, it's been a while, huh? Yeah, it's good to see you again too. Yes, I see you, Sadie, good girl -"

Jared managed to stop laughing long enough to snap a photo with his cell, and then reluctantly coaxed his dogs away from Jensen. "Come on, I know you're happy to see him again, but let Jensen take a look around, okay?"

He gave Jensen the grand tour, and Jensen was gratifyingly enthusiastic, admiring the kitchen and the size of the master bedroom, and the general layout.

"It's real nice, Jared," he said finally. "But you're gonna need more furniture than this, man."

"You think so?" Jared said. "I kinda thought I might just stack up cardboard boxes, use them instead."

Jensen laughed. "Still, I guess if you've got a bed, that's the main thing."

"My bed is awesome," Jared informed him. "And now you're here to help me cart things around..."

Jensen groaned dramatically, flinging a hand up to cover his eyes, and Jared laughed at him.

But with Jensen and Sandy's help, Jared managed to get at least the basics sorted out before shooting began. The guest rooms he left for last, save for a futon in case Jensen ended up staying over soon - which was likely, particularly if Jared roped him into helping him paint the living room - but he dealt with the master bedroom and living room and the kitchen, at least. It was still looking a bit sparse, but Jared guessed that was just a matter of time.

Jensen evidently agreed, because he turned up on the last day before shooting began with a small box.

"What the hell?" Jared asked, opening it.

"House-warming gift," Jensen said, grinning.

"Oh. My. God," Jared said, staring at what had to be the tackiest, most hideous snowglobe he'd ever seen. "TEXAS" it said in huge letters on the base, with the state flag and an armadillo. Inside the globe itself was the Texas Cowboy, staring out at him from a mist of glittery snow. "Oh my god, dude."

Jensen had cracked up at the expression on his face. "I know, I know! But when I saw it, I knew you would love it. It's like - a reminder of home." He couldn't even keep a straight expression as he said it, dissolving into laughter again.

"Dude," Jared said again, unable to take his eyes off it. He very carefully set it down next to the Vancouver snowglobe Jensen had given him almost two years ago now, and stared at them side by side. "Wow."

Jensen was still laughing. "Okay, okay, I got you a real house-warming present too. Here." He pulled out a much larger box from where it had been hidden behind the sofa.

The real gift was very cool - a large flat-screen tv, perfect for watching movies or playing games on. They set it up in the living room together and had a celebratory ass-kicking game of Madden before calling it a night.

Weirdly, though, it was the snowglobe Jared found himself turning back to once Jensen was gone. It was hideous, no doubt about it, and the sheer level of stereotypical tackiness meant it was never going to call up fond memories of home, because it had nothing to do with the Texas he knew. But that didn't mean it didn't have good associations for him anyway.

He picked it up and shook it to make the glittery snow swirl about.