CHAPTER 4: Kitty

Mello smiled as he thought about how smoothly everything was going. Light and Sayu were about to arrive, completely unaware that some tremendous clues had fallen right into Mello's hands in the time since they'd been kidnapped. Light's things had been sent ahead on a faster plane, and Mello already had looked at the watch with the secret compartment. It was simple, really. This model of watch had a storage space for an extra battery. After looking up information about that model, Mello had checked the compartment and found the scrap of paper and a needle.

He'd guessed at once that he was probably looking at a scrap of paper from the murder notebook. To test it, he used a special pencil that could be erased without leaving the slightest erasure mark on the paper. The victim had died of a heart attack immediately. Mello had it all documented on video. When he erased the name from the paper he almost wondered if the victim's heart would start beating again, but it didn't happen.

The scrap of paper didn't surprise him. This meant that a piece of the murder notebook worked as well as the entire thing. Mello knew that it might be standard practice for all the investigation team members to carry around a hidden scrap. It was an excellent, unexpected weapon, and since Kira might target them, they needed all the help they could get. That Light would carry such a scrap was evidence that he was on the investigation team, but unfortunately it didn't prove anything else.

No, it wasn't the existence of the scrap that had made Mello suspect Light might be Kira. The scrap was simply another piece of the puzzle, a puzzle that was gradually filling in and beginning to look like Kira. A few other things had earlier caused much more suspicion. As soon as Light and Sayu were safely started on the 12-hour flight across the Pacific Ocean, Mello had called Soichiro Yagami. He remembered the conversation well.

Mello had called when his contacts were sure Soichiro was at work, so the whole investigation team should be there.

As soon as Soichiro answered, Mello said, "Kanichi Takimura is dead, but we have new hostages. If you want to see your daughter and son alive again, you will hand over the murder notebook."

Soichiro answered, "How do I know you really have them?"

Mello said, "They've been missing for three hours, but we can also send you video from a live webcam on a public street corner after they arrive at their destination. We will send information on that webcam exactly two minutes before your daughter and son walk by it, and if we see any cops approaching, undercover or otherwise, both your kids will die. Now, I would like to talk to L. Otherwise, I'll send my men orders to kill your daughter immediately."

Mello could half-hear some low conversations in the background. It sounded as if the other investigators were trying to contact Light and Sayu on other phones.

With a trembling voice, Soichiro said, "I'll put him on."

In the next moment, Mello heard L's electronic voice modulator say, "We will not negotiate with kidnappers unless you give us clear information. Nothing more can be done until we know you truly have the hostages."

Mello felt a stab at his heart at hearing the imposter, but he simply said, "That's a bold statement, coming from a fake L. Who are you really?"

The modulated voice said, "I'm sorry! We couldn't put on the real L because he was kidnapped!"

A voice in the background said, "Mogi! Now he'll kill Light and Sayu!"

Then another background voice said, "Shut up, Matsuda."

Mello said, "I doubt Kanzo Mogi has played the fake L very often. You say I kidnapped the real L?"

Soichiro's voice came back on and said, "Yes, my son is the real L. If you wish to speak with him, you have him already."

That was interesting. Light Yagami had assumed L's identity upon L's death. Mello knew he needed more information about this.

Mello said, "I think you should tell me the whole truth about Light Yagami."

Soichiro replied, "What do you mean?"

Mello replied, "Don't play dumb. Light isn't the real L."

Soichiro said, "I know my son seems too young to be L, but he's the top-scoring genius in Japan. You can look up this fact easily. He is L."

Mello said, "L is dead. The current L is an imposter."

Soichiro's voice stuttered, "H-how... how do you know this?"

Mello smiled. Bingo. Now they would admit the truth with no more attempts at deceit.

Mello said, "We have better sources than you think. Just tell us the full story with no lies."

Soichiro replied, "After L saw the kind of genius my son was, he invited him to join the Kira task force. Together, they were able to catch the first Kira, but L died shortly afterwards. He actually died in my son's arms. They were great friends, and before L's death, L had asked my son to be his successor. My son is the now the real L, because he is L's legitimate heir."

In an even, angry voice, Mello said, "Describe the original L's appearance."

Soichiro gave a long, detailed description, including even L's unique mannerisms, and Mello had to admit to himself that Soichiro Yagami had certainly met the real L.

Mello had wanted to throw the phone across the room and scream, but he'd held himself together enough to get through the rest of the call, promising to contact the Kira task force again later with instructions for obtaining the webcam proof.

Yes, that conversation had been the first bit of evidence that made Mello think Light might be Kira. Mello knew that L never showed his face to the people he worked with, except, on rare occasions, if he was impersonating someone other than L.

For L to show his face without pretending to be someone else suggested that he was using himself as bait to draw Kira close to the investigation team. It was the only thing that really made sense. Had Kira indeed become close to the task force? It was hard to say, but if L had died from some cause other than Higuchi, that cause could easily be Light.

Another problem was that Mello was almost completely sure that L would never name another successor without informing Roger Ruvie of it. It was true that L did things in unorthodox ways, but naming another successor out of nowhere just didn't seem like L. Mello tried to examine his own feelings. Was it just his own pride and jealousy at being shoved aside that made him think so?

He couldn't be absolutely sure, but there were protocols to follow. If L had suggested Light as a possible successor, then it had probably been a test of some kind. Was it a test to see if Light was Kira? Mello wasn't sure. L liked to test everyone around him. It could be a test to see if Light was Kira, or it could be some other kind of test.

The next piece of evidence came five hours after Mello's conversation with Soichiro, and it was far more damning, but it also suggested that if Light were Kira, there was still an additional Kira out there. The elimination of Higuchi had not destroyed one Kira out of two, but one out of three.

Sakura TV broadcast another Kira video. Along with killing a few people as a demonstration to prove it was certainly from someone with Kira's power, the video announced that the first Kira had been kidnapped by criminals, and that if Kira were returned unharmed within a week, there would be no attempts to track down the kidnappers and furthermore all criminal executions would cease for one year as a reward.

Mello knew there was very little chance that Kira and Light Yagami would both get kidnapped at the same time. It didn't prove anything, but it was too far-fetched to really be a coincidence. But, with this message, it also meant that, if Light Yagami were Kira, it might be through acting in tandem with the Kira who sent the video. Light might not own a notebook himself.

Thus, Light had to be caught using Kira's power himself or giving orders to someone with Kira's power in order to prove his guilt. Having highly suspicious pieces of evidence wasn't enough; it didn't constitute proof. Perhaps L had run into the same problem. No matter how many clues pointed to a Kira suspect, you had to catch Kira in the act or it didn't mean anything.

Then, after finding out about the Kira video on Sakura TV, the arrival of Light's things had brought an additional piece of evidence when the scrap of paper was revealed. Mello knew he could use it to perform a test. He'd sent orders to the plane carrying Light and Sayu, having it fly in circles until he'd conducted the test on the scrap of paper and had set up the perfect scenario to test Light.

Mello arranged for Light to get his stuff back, with the scrap of paper placed once again inside the compartment in the watch. Then, Mello had sent only one guy to remove Light and Sayu from the shipping container and take them on the webcam mission. The hidden camera inside the porta-potty had shown Light opening the secret compartment and checking the scrap, but he hadn't killed the guy introduced to him as "Manny."

There had been additional chances for Light to use the scrap of paper later on during the trip, but he hadn't. Being watched by only one kidnapper had been the perfect chance to kill that guy and escape. That meant Light didn't have the power to kill by merely seeing a face.

Mello wasn't sure how that power worked with the murder notebook. Did you draw a person's face in the notebook to kill, or did you somehow know their name from seeing their face? However it worked, Light didn't have that ability, and so it was safe for Mello to appear face-to-face with Light.

Mello had pondered the problem of how to prove Light's guilt while "Manny" and the kidnappers took Light and Sayu through the city toward the place where they'd be held captive. Mello knew that the other Kira had the power to kill with only a face. If Mello could give Light the photo of someone who's identity could not be obtained in any other way, and that person died, it would prove that Light was working in partnership with the Kira who could kill with a face alone.

Mello knew there was only one person he could use who met those criteria. Himself. There was no information about his identity anywhere, and the only photo of himself that existed was in Near's hands. If Mello could give Light a reason to kill him and then sent a photo or video where Light would get it, and afterwards Mello died, it would be proof. In that case, there would be no doubt that Light was giving orders to the second Kira, which would make him Kira, especially when taken together with the other highly suspicious clues.

Before Light and Sayu arrived at their final destination, Mello had developed the perfect plan to put a video of himself in Light's hands without Light getting suspicious about it. He'd even give Light some choices about it. If Light were Kira, with his intelligence and the determination Kira had shown, he would find a way to choose Mello for the video regardless if he chose for himself to be raped or his sister to be raped. It was only logical to get the leader's photo. If Light weren't Kira, he'd choose randomly or let his sister choose randomly.

Mello typed up the script for the rape video, filling it full of humiliation. Light would really want to kill him after that kind of humiliation, and Light deserved all of it and worse for being Kira and murdering L. Then Mello gathered together all the video evidence along with the recorded phone call with Soichiro and then wrote out full descriptions of his theories and plans, putting it all into a package. He wrote a letter to Near and included it in the package:

Near, you cheating, emotionless shit-faced bastard.

I've essentially caught Kira. Most of the evidence is in this package and I'll send the rest if I survive long enough. In any case, if I die, what I've sent in this package should be enough proof to allow you to convict Kira.

How does it feel to lose? How does it feel to have me beat you? To know that I'm the one who was fast enough, brave enough, and smart enough to finish the case that killed L, and I did it before you even got a proper start?

Yes, I'm willing to die to win this case. I'm sure L was willing to die too, or he wouldn't have taken such risks.

Near, I'm sure you're too much of a coward to risk your life. You're just a self-important little twit. You aren't like L at all.

I don't care whether anyone else but you realizes that I'm the one who really caught Kira. Go ahead; take the credit if you want. The only thing I care about is that you know. You'll know I beat you, and you'll have it rubbed in your face every day of your life. If you take L's title, remember me and my victory every time someone calls you "L" because you'll know that I'm the one who really deserves it.

I'll be wearing a GPS tracker at all times as soon as I put the video into Light's hands, and I've included information in this package on how to access that particular tracker. If the unit is destroyed or stays in the same place too long, assume that Kira has killed me or that Kira controlled me to remove it or destroy it.

Sincerely,

The one who truly deserves to be called "L" if anyone does,

Mello

As Mello finished sealing the package and sent it off, he had an incredible feeling buzzing through him, like nothing he'd ever felt before, of adrenaline, excitement and sweet, sweet revenge, all mixed together at once. What could be better than getting revenge on Near and Kira at the same time? It was completely worth dying for.

Mello knew it was better to go out in a blaze of glory than to spend all your time crouched on the floor, afraid of the world, playing with toys. Near could have his safe, sterile, little world. Mello wanted a world that mattered, with big risks and big rewards.

L had known the worth of big, bold moves. Mello knew he was following in L's footsteps. Nothing Near could do would ever compare to this. Mello was getting hard just thinking about it. He tried to imagine the look on Near's face when the package arrived. And, after that, there would be the sex video or videos. That would shock Near out of his emotionless stupor, make his eyes widen in shock. Mello wished he could see it.

Perhaps, if he asked Halle, she could make a little video of Near's reaction and sneak it out, but that was probably too much to hope for. With Kira loose, the SPK had extremely high security about any sort of photo or video.

Mello leaned back in his chair and snapped off a piece of his chocolate, chewing it thoughtfully, a mean look in his eyes.

To the empty room, he said, "Too bad you don't have any balls, Near, or you might have reached this point before me. I'm already ninety percent of the way to proving Light Yagami is Kira. Kira has been kidnapped, Light has been kidnapped. Both Kira and Light are connected to the Japanese police. It doesn't take a genius to draw the connection. I only wish I could have had a bit more challenge. Perhaps the Japanese Kira investigation team is too stupid to see it, or perhaps they're on Kira's payroll. In any case, Light is getting defeated. He's going to return home to a total shitstorm."

Then, Mello got up, grabbed a copy of the rape script and hastily stapled it together. He went to Light's cell and talked with him just long enough to let him know about the deal for the rape video, and lied about Soichiro Yagami denying their request for the murder notebook after the webcam incident. In reality, they hadn't contacted Soichiro at all since then. Mello didn't want to risk that Soichiro might give in without the pressure produced by the rape video.

During the night, Mello observed Light telling his sister that he'd volunteer for the rape himself. Light's actions were all carefully controlled, seeming like acting. Mello was sure Light knew there were cameras watching his every move.

The next morning, Mello came to the cell with all his men and said, "Have you decided?"

Light said, "I will be the victim, and I choose you, Mello."

Sayu let out a choked sob, but didn't say anything.

Mello thought he saw the slightest glimmer of victory in Light's eyes. This was good.

Mello said, "Did you memorize the script yet, or do you need a couple more hours?"

"I've memorized it."

Mello smiled. He said, "Improv is fine, especially for me, but if you deviate from the script much, I'll tie you to the rack and get out the whips. I might even leave scars. If your father keeps resisting after this video, the rapes will get progressively uglier. Today things will be... fairly tame... if you know what I mean. You're my tame little pussy, and I won't hurt you too badly as long as you behave."

Light said, "Meow."

While several burly men stood by with weapons, and three others lifted video cameras to start filming the action, Mello unlocked the holding cell. Light stepped out and bent his neck forward in front of Mello. Mello took out a leather collar with a bell and a toy mouse attached to it and fastened it around Light's neck.

Mello said, "Light, what is my name?"

Light replied, "Master."

Mello said, "Kitty, play with your toys."

Light used his hands to bat back and forth at the bell and the mouse dangling from his collar, and then squeezed the mouse, producing a squeak.

Mello said, "Light, you're a very dirty kitty. We're going to take you to another room and clean you up, and then we'll punish you."

Mello snapped a leash onto Light's collar and pushed him down. Light got on all fours, and as Mello walked down the hallway, surrounded by armed guards and cameramen, Light crawled along at the end of the leash and let out meows at intervals.

Mello smiled as he ate the last bite of his chocolate bar, crumpled up the wrapper, and threw it on the floor. This was going to be a lot of fun, and it was possibly the last bit of real fun he'd ever have. Mello decided he would do everything he could to make it count.

A/N (Author's Note):

Well, Mello has been doing a lot of plotting unknownst to Light. Mello has set a giant trap for Light, using his intelligence, something that wasn't shown much in canon. Mostly, Mello just kidnapped people while Near did the careful planning.

And, Misa did turn out to be the giant liability that she really should have been in canon. Within hours of Misa being informed of Light's kidnapping, the second Kira announces the first Kira has been kidnapped.

Are the task force members now suspicious, or do they still believe the 13-day rule? If they are suspicious, will Light be able to talk his way out of the situation once he gets home?

And, yes, the lemon is nearly here. Next chapter, obviously!