Dean woke up the morning of his eighteenth birthday buzzing from the twin highs of monster asses kicked and pain medication. Yesterday had been his first truly independent hunt. Dad had been away on a job—one of the jobs that he wouldn’t tell Dean about, just saying it was something he had to do himself—so Dean handled it. It had been a pain working in research around school—high school was a pain in the ass—and using public transportation to get to the big, downtown library had been just embarrassing, but it was all worth it for the adrenaline of the successful hunt.

Dean had called Dad before he went after the ogres—this time, he called the landline number that always just went straight to a message machine, the number people called with information on hunts, or just to get in contact. He wasn't going to repeat the mistake of calling his portable phone while John was on a hunt. In case he didn't survive, Dad would know where he had gone and be able to take care of the problem after him. 

He hadn't been expecting Dad to show up at the last minute to drag him away from the wreckage of the quaint little waterwheel—Dean was still a little appalled that of all the dark places the ogres could have settled, they chose the inside of a mini-golf waterwheel—but it was okay that Dad had been there in the end, because Dean hadn't really needed him. Though he had to admit, it had been nice to ride away curled in a blanket in the front seat of the Impala rather than trying to wheedle his way onto a bus back to the apartment without getting an ambulance called on him.

Dean shifted slightly in bed, turned his head, and froze. John was sitting on the other bed, watching him with a thoughtful, almost soft look on his face.

“Hey, Dad,” Dean croaked. He sat up, cautiously, not sure why his father was still just sitting there, watching him.

"Hey, Dean," he said. "Feeling okay?"

Dean thought about it. His head hurt, and his shoulder ached—not broken, thankfully—where he'd gotten smacked by a ham-like fist, and he had bruises everywhere (fucking golf-ball-throwing sons of bitches) but he felt good. Really good, on a level that had nothing to do with bruises and broken bones. 

"Awesome," he said.

John looked down at his hands, and then back up. "You did good out there, son."

Dean blinked and grinned, an entirely new kind of high burning through him. He knew he rocked that hunt—two dead monsters, no civilian casualties, and minimal collateral damage—but there was a world of difference between the satisfaction of a job well done and one of John's rare compliments.

"Thank you, sir," he said.

John nodded, as though even that brief moment had burned away all his words. "Eighteen today."

Dean blinked. "Sir?" He had only killed the two monsters. Unless Dad was counting the ghosts he'd help burn, in which case it was a hell of a lot more than eighteen.

John smiled at him, and Dean basked in the pride on his face, even if he didn't quite understand. "You're eighteen. An adult."

He still didn't understand."Yeah," he said. "Yeah, I forgot, you know, with the hunt? But, whatever. I can smoke, fuck, vote, and..." Dean smirked. He couldn't help it. "Dad, I'm already doing all of those that I want."

John laughed. "Yeah. Yeah, I know." He took a deep breath. "Dean, I know I've missed a lot of them, but happy birthday." He held out a thick letter and a small white box.

Dean took both warily. He especially didn't like the look of that letter. It looked like it could have anything in it, from a new set of lock picks to a letter from his dead mother. Under John's eyes, he slit it open with his knife.

He read the papers, and then looked up, eyes wide. "You signed me up for a hunting license?"

"Yeah." John's face broke into a broad smile. It looked strange on his usually tense, focused face. "I put in the paperwork for you months ago, even before this hunt. And then you just went out and did the job...I'm damn proud of you, Dean."

Dean looked down at the paper, sure his eyes were tearing up like some kind of crybaby. "Thank you, sir," he said. "I always try to make you proud."

"And you always do," Dad said. "Go on, open the next one. I figured now that you're official, you might like some wheels."

Dean cracked the box carefully. Yeah, a car would be damn nice sometimes, if only so he didn't have to ride the bus like a loser or try to walk home if he broke a bone or something on a hunt, but...he didn't really want a new car either. Nothing else would be as sweet as the Impala, and...being in the Impala had always meant he was home, that Dad was back, and they would be okay. Even without Mom, even without food, even with Dad working his way through a bottle, it was home. Hard to give that up forever, opening a little box.

And then he got the lid off and his jaw dropped. He looked up and stared, his mouth working, while Dad grinned at him.

"These are for the Impala!"

"You love that car," Dad said, then winked. "I know you'll keep the rust spots off her."

"Oh my God, thank you, Dad!" Dean jumped off the bed and gave John a hug, spontaneous, crushing, exuberant. He couldn't remember the last time they had hugged, but it felt right, when John had just given him the best present of his life. "Best birthday ever."

When they broke away, John was still smiling, and kept his hand on Dean's shoulder. "You'll do good, son. Go take her for a spin."

Only later, after Dean had rushed out and turned the key in the Impala, which was his, all his, did it occur to him to wonder what Dad would be driving if Dean had the Impala.

~*~

After dinner, Sam went out to the front of Head Alley, hunching his shoulders to minimize the shivering. This was why it was worth it, he thought, so he wouldn't be this cold once he got to go to bed. And even though the guards had their comfy thick jackets, they didn't like to stick their bare dicks out in the cold, even if they were getting swallowed a moment later, so at least they took him inside to their break room. Breaking room, as some monsters called it.

Sam pressed his fingers into his armpits, wishing Victor would hurry up. He wasn't usually tardy to collect Sam's weekly blanket rent.

"He said you'd be waiting here like a good dog."

Sam's head jerked up, and he took an involuntary step back, knocking against the barracks wall. This was not who was supposed to show up.

"Miss me?" Bernard grinned, showing the black gaps between his teeth. He worked in Intensive Containment, and Sam didn't see him around often.

Sam's breath came out in quick puffs of air. Dammit, the detached part of his brain snarled, could you be even more transparent? He swallowed, his mouth twice as dry as it had been just a moment before. "My deal was with Victor."

"Yeah, and I worked out another deal so I'm the one collecting your payment this week." He reached up to squeeze Sam's cheeks and lips with his gloved hand before snapping the lead onto his collar. Giving it a slight shake, he smirked. "Word on the street is you've gotten even more talented since the last time I had the pleasure of fucking your mouth, so I came to see for myself."

It's just the cold, Sam told himself, as they headed toward the breaking room. I would have been shaking this much anyway.

The burst of hot air as they crossed the threshold barely registered with Sam. He stood stiffly as Bernard unhooked him, then planted a hand on his head to push him to his knees. Sam went down without resistance. "Good boy," he said, then turned and walked away, to the padded chair across the room. He slouched in it, hands on the armrests and knees spread apart. He looked at Sam for several moments before issuing his first order.

"Crawl, Pretty Freak."

Sam moved forward on his hands, head lowered. The numbness was setting in quickly now, for which he was grateful; he already felt detached, blank, indifferent to what he was doing now or about to do. If only it would extend to his ears.

"Unzip me. Good. Now take me out, and if your fingers are cold, I'll knock your teeth out."

Sam paused, then pressed his fingers between his thighs for a long moment, then against his neck under the collar, and to his face to test the temperature. No way they wouldn't be chilly to Bernard, but there was nothing more he could do about it.

The guard was only half-hard, but he grunted as Sam took him all in his mouth at once, sucking hard. Most of the time they held his head and did the work for him—which was easiest for him to blank out until they were done—but when they were more demanding, Sam had a few tricks to speed up the process.

But Bernard never came quickly.

He watched him bob for a few minutes, as Sam's jaw began to burn and neck ache from the angle, and then he started to talk. The usual stuff at first, nothing Sam hadn't heard before or hadn't become calloused to, until -

"Have you done this for that Winchester kid yet?"

That broke Sam's rhythm, just for a moment, but it was enough of a signal to Bernard.

"Ah," he breathed. "Guess not. Don't know what he's waiting for, you've had plenty of practice by now. Or does he like to think he'll be the first cock in your mouth? Hmm, wonder what he'd have to say if he could see you here."

Sam made a choked noise, screwed his eyes shut even though he had been told to keep them open and on Bernard's face.

"That's right," Bernard said, pleased. "Maybe next time he drops by, we'll line up and show him how well you suck each of us off, what a well-trained whore you are. Pretty sure that'll be the last you see of him, though he might turn you over and finally take that virgin ass that's been waiting for him. Don't stop, freak, use that slut tongue."

Sam was losing control over his breathing, his throat working around the head of Bernard's cock, and it was enough to send Bernard over the edge. He groaned, seizing the back of Sam's head to slam him down, then pulled him back by his hair to finish over his face. He paused for a moment to admire the effect, then shoved Sam back hard so he fell onto the floor.

Bernard watched him lie there, panting and shaking, but, even through the misery and the pain, Sam remembered his lessons and made no move to wipe his face. "Good," Bernard sighed, and zipped himself up. "That's exactly what you're good for, you miserable piece of shit." Standing, he kicked him in the side, casually, just to see him jerk. "Get out of here, I'm sick of looking at you."

Sam scrambled up and stumbled out.

The cold outside the breaking room hit him like a blow, but he didn't fucking care. Sam checked—always so careful, Sam, what damn good does it do you?— to make sure there were no guards in sight before half-collapsing against the wall and emptying his stomach of bile and semen and mostly digested canned corn from dinner. 

He wiped his face down, hands shaking, trying to believe that his face was wet just from jizz, and that because the tears were just part of the price Bernard always extorted and Sam had to pay, they didn't mean anything else.

~*~

Dean thought it was stupid to be in Massachusetts chasing ghosts. Literally chasing ghosts, there was some kind of stupid haunted livestock truck, and it was just so stupid.

And so far away from Nevada.

He hated the truck, too. Dad's big black truck. The truck that he used to disappear on Dean more often, further away, sometimes leaving a note, sometimes just a phone message a couple days later. If Dean had known when Dad gave him the keys to the Impala, that that just meant Dad would be gone more, that he would have such faith in Dean that he wouldn't even warn him when he disappeared...well, Dean didn't know that he would have thrown the keys back in Dad's face—damn, he loved this car—but he might have started researching ways to sabotage Silverados, Tundras, F-150s, and worked his way down the list. As it was...fuck. Just fuck.

Black was fine, and Dean supposed that a truck was practical at least, and it had special iron/silver spiked bumpers and reinforced-steel sides and a fancy, mechanized artillery trunk—how long were you planning this, Dad?—but Dean thought the Impala could take it in a knife fight any day. 

Sometimes, seeing the hulking monster truck—for hunting monsters, haha, not funny—in the parking lot next to his, his damn Impala, he still had a half-smothered urge to slash the tires.

He knew he wasn't exactly being mature about this, but Dean got pissed, and when Dad wasn't there to be pissed at, it all just built up until Dean wanted to smash something. Preferably a certain fancy-ass, better-than-it-should-be piece of slagsteel.

It wasn't until Dad was gone again, leaving Dean again in an ass-backwards town without any hot chicks—or interested guys—that Dean realized he didn't have to just sit where Dad had left him—or go where Dad told him to go—and mope and drink and fuck. He had the fucking Impala, and if there were roads he could drive them, and if there were bridges he could cross them, and John fucking Winchester—who clearly didn't give a damn, who had his truck to keep him company, and didn't fucking need Dean—could find him, or call him, if he wanted to. Dad could find anything.

Dean could drive anywhere. He could drive to Freak Camp if he wanted to, and see Sam.

And like a lightning flash lighting, like a piano tuner striking the right frequency at last, that thought felt damn right. Dean grabbed the Impala's keys, paid the hotel bill—fake credit card again, Dad had taken most of the cash—and hit the road humming at the thought. I can see Sam any time I want.

~*~

Sam was scrubbing the new stains off the floor of the mass showers—on his knees with a brush, the astringent cleaning solution stinging his hands, burning like acid in the new burns and cuts—when a guard came in behind him. Sam glanced back through his bangs, saw it was Crusher, and then focused on his job.

It was a bad place to be, on his knees with a guard behind him. Maybe Crusher would cut a deal, go for the blowjob, and he wouldn’t have to risk fighting him off. At least a half dozen guards were trying to get in his pants, but Crusher always had that edge of crazy that scared him, badly.

“Get up, Pretty Freak,” Crusher said. “Winchester wants you.”

Sam kept the first sharp rush of relief off his face. Relief so intense that his hands shook from it and he almost felt lightheaded. Crusher would see the shaking and think it was fear. Might even get off thinking about it later, some other poor fuck mouthing his dick.

The image made Sam think of what he had done. Of all the times—

He didn't have to fake the sick look on his face when he stood up. How could he face Dean, look him in the eye—and Dean would tell him to look him in the eye, he always did, he'd always touch Sam's face to tilt his eyes up, so softly, the calluses on his fingers brushing down the tight skin of Sam's cheek—when he had been about to blow Crusher to get out of a beating? When he'd been hitting his knees in Head Alley almost every day this week to keep his stomach full and to distract Victor from Kayla.

Sam didn't want to go. For a breathless, insane second he thought about say no, saying, "No, I won't see Dean," punching Crusher out, running until they caught him and he fell beneath their clubs. Letting the pain and the blood wash away the scalding shame that threatened to eat him from the inside. Better that than being in the same room with Dean, looking at Dean, contaminating the only good thing in his world with the filth he did every day and didn't even feel any more.

He couldn't do it. He couldn't fucking walk into that room.

But running was suicide. And of all the ways Sam could kill himself, saying "no" to a hunter was not the one he ever wanted to pick. They would probably just drag him in to Dean anyway, dump him bleeding on the floor. They might apologize that Sam couldn't suck Dean off, with his jaw shattered like that, but at least he still had an ass, right?

That's all you need, Sam, an ass and he can make himself happy. 

Crusher pushed him out of the showers, and Sam nervously wiped his hands on his shirt, wishing he could stop to get the cleaner off before Dean—

Dean touched him. Almost every visit Dean touched his arm, his face, or his shoulder, and it was so fucking different from the way the guards touched him. Soft, slow, not to hurt or hurry or because Sam was looking at him wrong, but...Sam didn't know why Dean touched him like that, but it was one of those things that he couldn't stop thinking about. Couldn't stop wanting. The nights when he couldn't get Dean and his touches out of his head, he rolled over on his stomach, gripped the cot legs with both hands—afraid the slightest roll of his hips might be caught by the cameras—and breathed deeply until the temptation was gone. 

Maybe Sam wouldn't have to talk, wouldn't have to say anything. Maybe today was the day Dean would turn him over the table and take him, no preliminaries, no gentle questions, no smiles, no jokes that Sam didn't quite understand but laughed at anyway. Maybe today Dean would grind his face into the table and pull his pants down and Sam's few, attenuated dreams would go down in the feel of Dean forcing his way inside him.

Shit, he should believe that. He should remember what he was, a worthless monster, a boy with only one use for his mouth, and he should not believe that nothing with Dean could hurt that badly. That Dean would never hurt him.

Of course, it would hurt. Sam had been around enough times when the guards bent over some guy unwilling or unable to wheedle out of it to know that it would hurt like hell, that he would bleed, probably scream, maybe not get up afterward if Dean was too rough. But he still wanted that. He wanted it to be Dean because Dean would be touching him then, holding his shoulders while he forced his way in, maybe holding him there after he was done instead of dropping him or telling him to put his damn pants on. Nothing Dean did to him could be that bad, if Dean really wanted it.

Better Dean than any guard, any other hunter. Better that Dean got that, the last part of Sam that hadn't gone through a dozen hands, before someone else took it. Because then Sam would have nothing left, nothing new to offer. Dean could have anything--why would he want what everyone else had used and cast aside?

By the time Sam crossed the yard, he was calm, almost hopeful. Of all the things in Sam's world, Dean was the only one who could rattle him, could send him from horror, to despair to...almost happy in the time it took to walk from one end of FREACS to the other. He wanted Dean. He wanted Dean to do anything he wanted to him. Hunter or no, real or no, Dean was the best thing in his world. And any day he saw Dean was a good day in Sam's book. And that would be true no matter how it ended.

Then Victor smiled at him when he got to Reception, and his stomach bottomed out again.

"Here to see Winchester, are you, Pretty Freak?" he said, making a small mark on his clipboard. "Good boy. Dean's looking good, you know, a full hunter. He has special plans for you today - requested a private interrogation in room three. He'll treat you the way you deserve." If anything, Victor's expression got nastier. "Real shame. No cameras."

Sam's head shut off. Sure, a hunter would ask for No Cameras if he wanted to fuck a monster in private—please, God, just let him fuck me, hard as he needs—but he might also ask for No Cameras if he wanted to cut a monster up without bothering with asking any questions, without bothering with the forms of an 'interrogation'.

Suddenly, Sam couldn't think of Dean, a hunter, without thinking of the other hunters, the other guards who had tied him down and laughed while they hurt him, even while the cameras ran. He could imagine Dean smiling at him while he—

Sam shut down the thought, clamped down hard, retreated until he felt nothing, until he almost couldn't feel the concrete floor beneath his feet. Dean could do whatever he wanted with him, of course, Sam was just a monster. That's what he told himself. But he knew, deep down where he hid all the things he would never be able to admit he wanted, that if Dean tied him down and started cutting, Sam wouldn't be able not to care. And without that shell, the shell that had kept him alive through nine years of hell, he didn't think there would be anything left of him. Or anything he would find worth saving.

~*~

Dean parked the Impala on the lean strip of visitor parking outside of FREACS and walked to the main gates, feeling inexplicably nervous. It wasn't the first time he had been to the camp, not even the first time he had come through the doors alone—Dad often got sidetracked by other hunters that wanted just that one last piece of good advice from the great Winchester—but this was the first time he was there without anyone else. No Dad, no Bobby, not even a Campbell letting him in.

There was nothing different about the gates, about the cameras that tracked his movement to the main doors, or the beige, neutral waiting area. Dean ignored the battered blue chairs and leaned on the counter in front of the bulletproof glass. He put his nose very close to it and smiled into the receptionist's eyes.

Madison was a pretty brunette, but too shy for Dean to really enjoy the chase. Or catching her. But he did enjoy making her blush.

"Hey beautiful," he said.

"Mr. Winchester," she said.

Dean groaned. "Pleeeease don't call me Mr. Winchester. That's my dad." He grinned. "I'm always just Dean to you, Madison." He was, by preference, always Dean to everyone, which she knew, but enjoyed hearing anyway. Dean wondered how many hunters forgot her name. Which was stupid, because she could get you anything. She remembered a ton, too. Dean didn't know how she could sit outside Freak Camp and watch the hunters come in and do what they 'had to do', but he supposed she might not even know what went on behind the doors.

"Dean," she said, then looked down at the computer he could just barely see, if he almost pressed his face against the glass—knowledge from his younger days, not something he would do at the mature age of eighteen. At least not to Madison. Dean was proud of the fact that these days he was only an ass to people he didn't like. "Which monster do you want to see?"

Dean hesitated only a second. He'd never been asked that before; all their previous meetings had been informal, he'd come with Dad or Bobby and ended up in the General Area looking for Sam. But, still, he knew that number well. Sometimes he'd found himself staring at it when Sam's shirt slipped lower on his too-thin chest. "88UI6703." Dean leaned back while she typed whatever she usually typed into the computer.

"Your father isn't here today?" she asked, glancing up.

"Nope." Dad was across the country doing something with his big black truck. 

"It says here that you're authorized, but I'm going to have to verify your identification," Madison said. "Please prick yourself with this silver needle for a non-shifter authorization and slide your Agency for Supernatural Control identification card through the slot. You'll have to do this again for security, but you got your ID in D.C., so I have to code it here as well." 

Dean followed the instructions patiently. It was all a formality, he had never seen a hunter turned away.

But Madison tested the small drop of blood with all the care and focus that making sure he was human deserved. Finally she looked up, her face twice as pretty when she smiled. "You're good Mr—Dean. Are there any special requests you want me to file?"

Dean was about to say no, that he'd be fine, and then an idea came to him. "Could I get a private room?" he asked. He felt his stomach flip a little, though he wasn't sure where the nerves came from. He didn't know what he would do with Sam out of view of the guards and the other monsters, but he knew that he wanted to see what he could do, what the ID would let him get away with.

"That would be no problem," Madison said. She keyed in a few more things. "Would something in Reception be fine? Or would you prefer Administration? If you want something in Special Research I'm afraid you're going to have to come back tomorrow, there's a cleaning crew in."

Dean waved a hand. He didn't want to think about why they were cleaning. "Reception is fine."

"Any items you would like to request from the resource room?" she asked. "Most items are freely available, but others require a key..."

"No," he said curtly. 

"Wonderful," Madison said. "You can go right through security, and 88UI6703 will be waiting for you."

Walking through security, getting his weapons checked, the blood and holy water test again, and his person checked for EMF, Dean felt vaguely high: the nerves and the pride he felt being an adult for the first time, not just John's shadow but a hunter in his own right, made him feel cocky, ready for anything.

"Your monster will arrive in a minute," the guard, Victor, said. "You wanna settle in the room? Need any restraints or anything?"

Dean kept the smile fixed on his face. "No. I think I can handle him."

"Good," he said, making a small mark on his clip board. "Anything else I can do?"

"Yeah," Dean said. "I want no cameras."

Victor looked up, meeting his eyes, eyebrows raised. And then he chuckled. "Yeah, there's still somethings they won't let you do to monsters, ain't there?"

Dean forced the sick grin onto his face. "Yeah. But what they don't know, doesn't hurt them."

Dean sat at the table and watched the camera until the little recording light went off. Then he took a deep breath and put his head in his hands.

What are you doing, Dean Winchester?

The hardest part had been rattling off the ID number and not saying he wanted to see Sam.

After what seemed like an hour, but couldn't have actually been more than fifteen minutes, the handle of the door turned and Sam walked in. 

Sam looked tired, thinner than he was the last time Dean came (though Dean hadn't thought the short, skinny kid could get thinner), his eyes sunken and dark. He didn't look healthy, but what hit Dean hard in the gut was Sam's blank, hollow lack of expression. He could have been a sleepwalker or a ghost. Dean looked, a little panicked, for some kind of recognition, and thought he caught a flicker of some half-sick, half-longing expression, but then Sam's face slammed back down into the complete, shut-down emptiness.

He sat without a word and put his hands on the table, palms up, hands slightly curled. He didn’t blink. 

Dean shifted. Something was wrong. Something was really fucking wrong. “Hey, Sam,” he said, with no idea what the words would do. Maybe Sam would actually look at him. Maybe he would shatter. Dean couldn't fucking tell.

Thank God, the horrible, hollow-eyed stranger in front of him, changed, relaxed slightly, and became Sam. He didn’t change his position at all, but Dean could see the sharp, brittle edge of fear draining out of him. Sam tilted his head, and met Dean's eyes. His eyes tried to smile, and failed. “Hey, Dean.”

Relieved, Dean reached across to rest his fingers inside Sam's palms. Sam jumped at the contact, but that didn't worry him. Sam always twitched the first time he touched him every meeting. Dean rubbed gently, careful not to push too hard on the reddened skin, smelling a hint of antiseptic. Sam must have been on some kind of cleaning duty again. Whatever Freak Camp used, it left his skin toughened and raw the first few days he used it.

"Hope you don't mind the change," he said, lifting one shoulder to indicate the room. "I was getting tired of people eying us everywhere we went." Sam's eyes flickered to the camera mounted in the upper corner. "I told them to turn it off."

Another layer of blankness thawed off Sam's face. "Just so we could..." He swallowed, a smile and some deeper, softer emotion flickering stronger in his eyes, a spark that could almost light. "You can do that?" When he glanced up, catching Dean's eyes for just a moment, Dean couldn't interpret the emotions there. Something like astonishment, with an edge of longing that Sam would never admit.

Dean grinned. He never failed to get a nice buzz from producing that reaction from Sam. "I'm a Winchester. What are they going to do, tell me no?"

Sam ducked his head, but Dean saw the flash of a grin before it disappeared. 

Dean squeezed his fingers. "Sorry it's been so long. I was chasing a bunch of ghouls down the east coast, then got stuck hunting down a swamp monster in Florida. And then I was in Massachusetts."

"That's okay," Sam said, as he always did. He was looking at Dean's hands over his, the faintest smile still on his face. "So you got them all?"

Dean launched on his stories about the hunts, from the start of the drive down from Ohio and the weird-ass couple he'd met on the way, along with all the other quirky details he'd filed away for Things to Tell Sammy. He probably talked more about that stuff than he did about the actual hunts. He'd used to worry about how awkward it might be to recount his adventures killing monsters to Sam, but he insisted he didn't mind. "They're doing bad things," he'd said. "It's good to kill them."

Still, Dean knew monsters weren't the interesting part of his stories to Sam. He focused more on the interviewing, the lies he'd spun and how the poor saps fell for them every time, because he was just that good. Sam smiled nearly the whole time he talked, and looked him in the face almost as much, if only because Dean's voice insisted look at me, look at me, Sammy. Dean was an awesome storyteller, if he did say so himself.

He was finally getting around to the climax of the hunt, which had been pretty badass, the way he'd tracked the vampiric giant gila monster through the marshes and staked out its lair for hours from a vantage point high in a tree.

"Then, right as it started crawling down to its pit, I jumped its ass -" He grabbed Sam's forearms in emphasis, and Sam gasped sharply, yanking his right arm back.

Dean stopped. He was used to Sam's small twitches, but this had been nothing like that. "Sam?"

"S-sorry," he said, but his face had gone grey, and his eyes blinked fast as they stared at a low point past Dean.

Dean let go of his arm slowly. Sam's sleeves were long enough to cover his knuckles, though they were currently bunched around his wrists. Dean covered Sam's right hand with his own before turning it over and pushing his sleeve down to his elbow.

Sam gasped again, though more from fear than pain, and his body jerked back, though he didn't try to wrench his arm away again. Dean didn't notice. His eyes were fixed on a series of small, circular burns on the inside of Sam's forearms, two of them still shiny and pink, the others darker and scabbed over. Turning his head, Dean saw they formed a smiley face.

Only after Dean had stood up, and Sam twisted his body as far away as he could with Dean's hand locked around his arm, was Dean aware of moving at all. His breath came slow and steady, and his voice only sounded a little tight as he asked, "Who did that to you?"

Sam was trembling, his head bent so close to the table nothing of his face was visible. He didn't answer.

That wasn't fucking good enough. Dean felt his tenuous control slipping. He seized Sam's shoulder with his free hand, shaking him violently and shouting, "Who did it, Sam?"

Even as his head rocked back, Sam kept his eyes tightly shut. "K-K-Karl," he choked out.

Dean released him, pushing back from the table hard enough to knock over his chair as he left the room.

Karl was assisting another interrogation in room four. He had just applied a hot, blessed knife to the vampire's exposed intestines when Dean Winchester kicked in the door.

"What the fuck—" he started, backing away from the vampire while the other interrogator, a hunter, went for the weapons he had left near the door so they wouldn't get bloodsplattered.

Dean grabbed a red-hot iron poker—also blessed—from the burner and advanced, something blank and wild in his eyes.

When the other hunter tried to charge him to get his weapons, Dean punched him hard along the jaw and sent him smashing into the burner, scattering coals and ash over the floor. Then Dean grabbed Karl by the collar.

"Why the fuck did you do it?" he snarled. "You get your jollies marking up kids like Sam? What the fuck did he do? Can you tell me one fucking thing he did, you cock-sucking sadistic son of a bitch?"

Karl clawed at Dean's hand, his eyes going wide when he couldn't break the grip. "Let me go, you crazy bastard!" he yelled. "Put that fucking poker down!"

Dean pushed him away and Karl dropped, going for the knife he'd left in the vampire. Dean swung the poker around, tip glowing, and cracked it into Karl's chest and shoulder. He heard bones crack, probably the collarbone, maybe a rib, but he could still see the red wounds on Sam's arm—not just those fucking burns, but welts and cuts and old scars that had faded into his skin—it wasn't fucking enough to break a few bones. He stepped, hard, on Karl's broken shoulder.

"I'm gonna mark you up, you son of a bitch," he said. And then he pressed the glowing end of the poker to the guard's face.

Karl screamed, and other guards started pouring into the interrogation room, ready to subdue the threat.

It took three men to pull Dean off. 

They were better than the cops he'd fought off when he was thirteen, but they still had to punch the air out of his lungs before they could manhandle him to a room in the nearest administration office.

Makes sense, Dean thought. You have more experience beating up children.

When they threw him into the room—the deep blue carpeting, hardwood desk and bookshelves, and leather chairs a striking contrast from the bare beige room and plastic table where he had been talking with Sam—they closed and locked the door behind him. The doors were just as solid as the rest of the furniture. The only real similarity between the two rooms: designed so nothing could get out. Dean straightened slowly, feeling the new bruises on his face and trying to catch his breath. His cousin, Mark Campbell, was sitting on the edge of the desk, glaring at a bookshelf. Then he looked at Dean, and the clear anger in his eyes stiffened Dean's back. 

"What the hell is wrong with you, Dean?" Mark seemed to search for words to describe his outrage and couldn't come up with anything. "What the hell is wrong with you?"

Dean sat sullenly, glaring. Who the fuck did Mark think he was, his father?

"Let me get this clear," Mark continued. "You met with your particular freak, 88UI-whatever, in Reception 3. Then you charged into Reception 4, knocked out a hunter—also legally interrogating a monster, by the way—beat a guard and then burned him with a poker. Have I left anything out?"

Dean folded his arms and stared stonily back. He had no obligation to explain himself to these Campbells.

"Look, you might have gotten away with that when Uncle Samuel was Director, but Jonah's not going to put up with shit like this. You have problems with the staff, you take it up outside of FREACS. You have problems with the monsters, you file the fucking paperwork." Mark took in his hardened expression, and shook his head incredulously. "You really do think you're something, don't you? You and your old man both."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean snapped.

Mark lifted his hands, palms out. "Nothing! Jesus, kid, you seriously need to get into anger management."

"I need to? I'm not the one who's fucking torturing kids!"

Mark's eyes narrowed. "Monster kids, Winchester. Did you forget that?"

Dean hissed, fingers still itching to smash, break something. He was still so angry, could still feel the fury pounding in his blood. He didn't give a fuck what Mark was saying, what arguments they had - he couldn't stand the thought that these bastards had been hurting Sam while he'd been away shooting stuff and getting laid. "You had no fucking right."

Mark started to laugh, then cut himself off. "We have every fucking right, Winchester. Then again, you and your old man never did get on the family boat, did you?" He mimed shooting a gun between Dean's eyes. "Uncle Sam wants you." He laughed again, and then paused, a thoughtful, intent look coming into his eyes. "What are you saying? You want to lay some kind of...claim to this particular monster?"

"Yes," Dean said. "Yes, I do."

Mark's eyebrows shot up, his mouth forming a thoughtful little o. "Well then. You should've fucking filed the paperwork, asshole. Or said something. I mean, we'd noticed how you always went after him, but Winchester Sr. said..."

"This has nothing to do with my dad," Dean interrupted. "Sam is mine. Got that? He's mine. Gimme whatever shit papers you need to get that through your skulls. I don't want any of you sons-of-bitches touching him."

Amusement visible in his eyes, Mark smirked. "Touching him? My, my, I had no idea, Winchester. How does Dad feel about that?"

"Shut your mouth, Campbell. Did you hear me? Sam is mine." Every time Dean said it, he felt better, more certain and true that this was the way the world should work, Sam being his.

"Yeah, yeah." Mark straightened off the desk. "We'll put a note on his file. But this doesn't get you off the hook, Dean. We respect hunters'...interests when we can, but legally, all the monsters belong to us and we treat them according to our discretion. You have no right to assault an employee who's only doing his job, and you don't get special treatment just because you're Mary's son." He ignored how Dean tensed and tightened his fists. "You're just lucky the Director isn't here today. He'd chew up your ass and spit out your tailbone. I'm making a report suspending you from FREACS for the next eight weeks, and as soon as you leave this office you'll be escorted from the facility. And next time you come, don't fucking shove pokers in the faces of my staff."

"What? No." Dean stood up from his chair, took half a step forward. "I need to see Sam again before -"

Mark cut him off sharply. "With the shit you pulled today, you're lucky we're letting you back in at all. Trust me, this is light, because you're young, stupid, and family, but don't expect to slide like this again." He considered. "I could cut your suspension down to two weeks from eight weeks, maybe, if you apologized to Karl -"

"When your tits freeze in hell," Dean snapped. 

"Yeah, didn't think so." Mark shrugged. "Get out of my sight, Winchester. Take some time to cool off. You've got the license, you're a real hunter now, so be professional, cut out the tantrums. Try not to mutilate anyone on the way out."

Dean stood and stared at Mark, contemplating the satisfaction of punching him into his fancy wooden bookshelves versus leaving with any kind of dignity.

Eventually, more for Sam's sake, so everyone would take him seriously about keeping their fucking hands off him—I'll be back, Sammy, sorry I fucked up today—he left quietly, albeit with a few snarls for the guards to keep their hands off him, and didn't look back.

~*~

After Dean had gone, slamming the solid iron-reinforced door on his way out, Sam collapsed into his chair and shook.

What had he done? How had he made Dean so angry? It was just cigarette burns. He shouldn’t have flinched in any way, that was clear now, but it was just that it had been a surprise, to have Dean’s hands right there where the pink burns were still raw and tender. Karl had given eyes to the smile barely a day ago when Sam had not properly told him what he wanted to do to the guard’s cock. The worst part, the absolutely worst, was that he had only jumped so much because he had let his guard down, because he had been relaxed—shit, being with Dean was the only time he allowed himself to relax, and one of the times when he absolutely shouldn’t or he’d fuck it up—and then when it hurt he hadn’t been able to stop the reaction.

He wanted to hear the end of the story. He wanted to keep watching Dean smile. He wanted to tell him about the last book he had been allowed to read that wasn’t about monsters. It had been about weaponry, and there had been a section about altering motorcycle engines to get the maximum speed out of the vehicle. Maybe Dean knew how the information could be applied to the Impala. And even if he didn’t, he would have cared.

But instead of more time with Dean, Sam was alone in Interrogation Room 3 with nothing to do but think. He had been in there when they asked him if he ever had visions, psychic projections, nightmares that became real. There had been a specialized rack, and they had pinned his arms—

Sam jerked his mind away—interrogations weren’t that often and best forgotten as fast as possible—and focused hard on the chair Dean had knocked over on his way out. He had been so angry, terrifyingly angry. Sam’s neck felt slightly strained from the force of Dean’s shaking, and the wounds on his arm and shoulder hurt where Dean had held him.

Sam didn’t even begin to think that was all Dean was going to do to him. He didn’t know why Dean had been angry, but there had been so much rage on his face that Sam got sick just thinking about it. Maybe he’d come back with a rod or a whip to punish Sam for whatever it was. That would be the kind of beating that he could get any day from any guard and wouldn’t be so bad.

But the longer Dean stayed away, the more Sam just wanted him to come back. Bring the hot irons, the flaying knives, the boiling holy water. Bring the clamps, the flails, the electric shock machine. Just please, don’t let Dean leave and never come back.

Maybe he had known just by looking at the smiley face what Sam had done. Karl had said the first time, when he did the mouth, that it could either be a smiley face or a frowny face, that Sam could either be a good boy (and keep his fingernails next time) or a bad boy. So Sam had been good to Karl and Lonny and Davey and that hunter who had asked the questions, and Karl had kept his word.

Maybe Dean knew all that just from looking at the little smile (“You were a good boy, Pretty Freak. Just gonna mark down my smile to remind you to keep being a good boy.”) and he was so disgusted he would never come back.

Sam sat alone in the room, in the silence, and did his best not to move, not to twitch, not to show his panic or his fear. It was all he could do not to scratch at the healing burns as though if he could rip them off his arm—like a shifter—Dean would come back.

It had been at least four hours—Sam had started counting when it became clear that Dean wasn’t coming backsoon—when the door opened. Sam looked up hopefully—he had been analyzing the table, tracing out pictures in the faded blood stains the way Dean had taught him to do with clouds—but it was Victor.

Sam swallowed, and let his mind blank out a little.

“Get up, freak,” Victor said.

Sam stood and walked to the guard. Victor snapped a flimsy leash onto his collar.

“The hunter gone?” Sam asked. He’d wrestled with the risks of asking at all, but decided in the end he had to know. He wasn’t stupid enough to use Dean’s name.

Victor scowled and slapped him, but not hard, not even hard enough to leave a bruise. Weird. “Winchester Junior’s gone, freak. Must have decided he didn’t want your ass today.”

Sam’s mouth went dry. Dean’s gone, Dean’s gone. He seized desperately onto the only word that gave him even a shadow of hope. “Today, sir?” he asked.

Victor raised his club, and Sam braced himself—Victor always hit where it would reopen his knife wounds—but after a moment's hesitation, he lowered it again.

“Fucking Winchester,” he muttered with venom. He tugged on Sam’s collar with the lead line, and Sam followed him from the room. “You better keep doing whatever the fuck you do to keep Winchester obsessed with your ass, Pretty Freak. Because the second he’s gone, we’re going to feed you to Karl, and he’s going to take every inch of his pain out of your hide.”

Sam knew that should probably frighten him. He didn’t know why Karl was in pain, or what he did that kept Dean happy, and uncertainties like that could get you killed in Freak Camp.

All he understood was that Dean had been forced to leave, but he would be back.

It wasn’t a great day. It would have been better to be able to spend time with Dean, but he wasn’t gone forever, so it wasn’t bad at all.

When he got to the yard, all the guards acted jumpy around him, didn’t look at him long, and not one touched him. They seemed to go out of their way to avoid any contact.

And that made it a good day too.