Fingers
I had three boyfriends in the last four months and each one turned out to be a jerk. So I decided to give romance a break for a while. A girl still gets horny though so I also decided to treat myself. I got all my errands done on Saturday and left Sunday absolutely open. I told all my friends that I wasn't feeling well and just wanted to stay in bed and rest. Well the first part was true. I was going to stay in bed most of the day but what I was really planning was wearing out myself and my collection of sex toys; blowing off some steam. A long lazy day spent fingering myself in every room in my apartment. Hell, I even had plans for the banana for my cereal! Yes, I'll admit one of my guilty pleasures is cream in my cereal...
Anyway, that's why when I woke up on Sunday I was in no rush to get out of bed. I looked over at the clock on my night table and saw it was way too early to get up anyway. Sundays should be spent sleeping late. However, when I get up I'm usually up. I curled up around my pillow and tried to get back to sleep but no luck. All I wear in bed is a long soft cotton T-shirt that feels nice against my skin. Well it was starting to feel very nice! In trying to get into the perfect position to fall back asleep I had ended up on my side and somehow my T-shirt had bunched up between my legs. I had moved my legs a little and it rubbed against my clit bringing it to life! Before long I was humping the wad of fabric between my legs, but it kept moving, so I reached behind me and pulled it tight between my legs. Oh baby! Suddenly I was thinking of marrying that T-shirt! It not only rubbed against my aching clit, but slipped between my slippery pussy lips and rubbed over my asshole! I love having my asshole played with, even penetrated by small things. It turns me into a crazy woman, ready to hump the shit out of whatever is available! And that's just what I was doing to my favorite T-shirt! My breath started coming in short quick spasms and I started cuming in muffled moans into my pillow! It was a nice little early morning orgasm and just what I needed to get a few more hours sleep. After the last wave of pleasure had rippled through my body I threw the blanket back over my body and snuggled back into my pillow, and drifted off to sleep thinking about how I was going to use my two favorite vibrators on myself later. The small one in my well-lubricated ass and the one with the animal shaped clit stimulator in my pussy! I fell into a deep sleep and had some very pleasant dreams...
I woke up about three hours later feeling very rested. I turned over in bed and looked at the clock again but still didn't feel like getting up. Turning over on my other side, I realized that my T-shirt was up around my neck. I laughed at myself quietly wondering if I was masturbating even in my sleep. I rolled on my back and flipped the covers off my practically naked body. My nipples hardened instantly and as soon as the covers were gone I gently squeezed my breasts then let them slip through my fingers like water until I came to my pointy nipples. I love having my nipples played with. It always gets me so horny. I gently rolled them between my fingers, pinched them firmly and then tugged on them. My pussy was starting to flood and I was deciding what I wanted to do next when I thought of my cereal and banana. MMM, that banana would feel very nice right now, and would taste even better! I gave my nipples one last pinch and then hopped out of bed. When I stood up the T-shirt fell down, and I caught a glimpse of myself in the full-length mirror on my bedroom door. Hair all messy, that sleepy look in my eyes, and nipples poking through my thin soft T-shirt. I had that just fucked look that I hear about sometimes. Well the only thing I'd fucked had been my T-shirt but it had done a better job then a few guys I didn't want to...
"Oh my God," I said out loud as I looked down and saw that there was a stain on my T-shirt. It was a light circular stain that hovered right over my pussy. I was a little embarrassed that there was evidence of what I had done before, but secretly it turned me on. I'm usually a pretty good girl but I get really turned on by being naughty, and this was naughty, even a little slutty. Walking around with cum stained clothes! I grabbed the end of my T-shirt with both hands and pulled it out so I could look down at it. Then I slowly lifted it up so I could press it against my face. I watched myself in the mirror as I breathed in the musky scent of my own pussy. Oh God! It was making me so horny! Simple naughty things like this always hit me in the heart of my libido and make me crazy! I wanted that banana more then anything now! I pictured myself lying slumped down on the couch with the banana thrusting in and out of my pussy while I buried my face in my own cum stain! Then afterwards cereal and milk with creamed on banana. I bolted out of my bedroom and went straight into the kitchen. After getting out a bowl, cereal, and carefully choosing a banana, I opened the refrigerator to get the milk. 
"DAMN IT," I said loudly.
There wasn't any! I had finished it the day before and forgot to get more. Bananas and cream wouldn't be the same if I couldn't eat it with my cereal afterwards. I cursed some more as I ran into my bedroom, pulled on some sweat pants, sneakers, grabbed my car keys and five bucks from my wallet. I decided that if I ran out quickly to the convenience store around the corner I could be back in five minutes before the mood was gone. Thankfully, it was still early enough in the day that the roads were deserted. I got caught at a red light, and as I sat there waiting impatiently for it to turn green I couldn't keep my mind off that banana. It was so nice and thick and heavy. It would feel so good buried in my pussy! I sneaked a finger into the top of my sweat pants, into my pussy and then brought it up to my mouth. I was still sucking on it when I realized that the light was green. I hit the gas and got to the convenience store in record time. After parking the car I ran into the store and straight to the cooler section. I found the cooler with the milk and opened the door to get it. The cold air from inside rushed out at me and made my already hard nipples ache. Oh God! I wanted to play with them, squeeze them, strain to get one in my mouth! I've got to get back home or I'm going to drop to the floor right here and fuck myself with the nearest thing I can get my hands on! I rushed over to the register, put the milk down on the counter and handed the guy my five bucks. He took the money from my hand but his eyes were elsewhere. I followed them and realized that he was staring right at my tits! My hard nipples were pointing out right at him. Then I realized that my pussy was soaking wet and he had to be able to smell it. I could smell it, but then again when I'm horny all I can smell is sex and it smells so good. And if that wasn't bad enough my face turned bright red when I remembered the cum stain! Oh my God! He could see it! He must think I'm a nasty slut to walk in here smelling like sex and practically naked. I was so turned on and embarrassed that I didn't wait for my change I just grabbed the milk and ran. He said something to me as I left but even though I heard him I didn't stop. I just got into my car and left as fast as I could. I was half way down the street before I could even think straight again. I replayed the whole thing in my mind and suddenly realized that what he said to me as I left was, "Miss, your change!" I couldn't help laughing at myself. I had made the whole thing up in my mind. Oh sure, he was staring at my tits but that was all. He had no idea what was going on. After I breathed a sigh of relief I suddenly started to feel horny again. I pinched a nipple through my T-shirt as I thought about how he looked at them. There was so little between him and my naked body. I hadn't even put on panties. I imagined myself lifting my T-shirt for him. I'd hold it under my chin as I used both hands to caress my breasts and pinch my nipples. Then I'd pull down my sweat pants and show him my wet pussy. I'd slip a finger... OH MY GOD! I just ran a red light! It brought me back to my senses pretty quick. I looked around and realized that I was in a strange neighborhood. I wasn't even going in the right direction. My apartment was behind me. I turned the car around and tried to keep my mind on the road but my nipples ached and I found that I was rubbing my pussy against the crotch of my sweat pants, and couldn't stop. I saw a big empty parking lot for a strip mall that wasn't even open yet and figured that it would be safer to pull in there and get off quickly than to hump my self into an accident. I picked a spot farthest away from the stores and jumped in the back seat. I quickly pulled up my T-shirt and buried my face in the cum spot. I know it's weird to be so turned on by the smell of my own pussy but it just drives me nuts! I quickly took one hand and pulled my sweat pants down to my knees. I had my eyes closed as I sniffed my T-shirt and rubbed my wet pussy. I opened them so I could watch my fingers disappear into my tight pussy, but instead locked eyes with a guy about 25 looking into my car window and watching me! I wanted to stop and cover up, I wanted to run and hide but I just couldn't take my finger off my clit. I checked quickly and saw that all my doors were locked. He couldn't get in; all he could do was watch me. I kept rubbing myself and looking at him. I was so fucking horny! Suddenly I got even hornier. Without thinking about it at all, I kicked off my sweat pants and then quickly took off my T-shirt. Now I was totally stark naked, and so horny I could scream, in front of this total stranger! My pussy was soaking wet and I eagerly spread my legs wide to show him. He had come closer to the car now so he could see me better. I smiled at him lewdly as I spread my lips for his penetrating eyes. The look on his face was fantastic! It went straight to my clit and made me want to show him more! I rolled over on my front, got on my knees bent over to show him my ass. Then I reached back and spread my cheeks apart and showed him everything! I swear to God when he moaned I almost came! I was so hot and horny, my pussy and asshole begging for attention, that I reached back and started to play with myself for him. I brought my right hand under me and stroked my pussy and my left hand over to tease my asshole. I wanted to feel my fingers in both holes so bad I could taste it. I lubed up a finger from my left hand in my pussy. I kept going from my dripping wet pussy to my asshole rubbing more and more of my creamy juices there until I imagined both holes were slick and shiny, ready to be fucked! I slipped two fingers in my pussy and eased one into my asshole. I fucked both holes, keeping myself hot and horny but not wanting it to be over yet. I liked this lurid position but I couldn't see his face and he couldn't see my tits. I wanted him to be able to see all of me and I wanted to look right into his eyes when I came. So I stood up on my knees and turned around. He was staring at me, his face glazed over with lust. It made me feel strong and powerful and unbelievably horny! Especially when I saw he was rubbing his cock through his pants. His hands went up and down his hard cock and his eyes were glued to my tits. I moved my shoulders and shook them for him. Then I reached up and caressed, and lifted them for him. He loved, it but I couldn't ignore my clit anymore. I took one hand off my throbbing nipple and slipped a finger over my clit and right into my boiling pussy. I knew I was gonna cum, I couldn't help it, I didn't want to help it.
"Takeoutyourcock!I'mgonnacumtakeoutyourcocksoIcanseeit," I screamed.
He practically ripped his jeans open and pulled down his underwear so I could see his cock. It was beautiful, but any cock would have been beautiful to me right then! I hunched over and slid two more fingers in my greedy pussy, and I rubbed my palm over my clit. When I came, it was almost more than I could bare. It felt like everything in my body froze, gathering up strength for one giant release. It started in the center of my pussy, rushed up my stomach and burst out of me in a loud animal grunt. Waves and waves of overloading pleasure rippled through my body causing me to shake and grunt with each one. It eased off slowly, the waves and spasms dwindling to nothing leaving me feeling drained. When it stopped I fell back onto the car seat and laid there with my eyes closed. 
After a few minutes I slowly opened my eyes and looked to where he was standing. I half expected him to be gone but I could see him standing there through the window even though it was dripping with his cum. 
"Hey!" I said sitting up and looking at him, "Clean that off my car!"
"Sorry," he said looking a little embarrassed, "I couldn't help it, you are fucking incredible!"
"Thanks," I said smiling as I reached into a box of tissues I keep in the car.
I pulled out a handful, rolled down the window just enough to get them through and then closed it back up again. He quickly started to clean off my window. When he was done he looked at me, hesitated a second, and then asked if we could do this again.
"I don't know," I said feeling my pussy start to get warm again.
"Same deal, you stay locked in your car. I won't even ask to touch you, just watch."
"Maybe. I'll have to think about it. Here," I said bending over and reaching into the front seat knowing I was giving him a good view of my naked ass.
I grabbed a pen, a piece of paper and handed them to him through a crack in the window. 
"Give me your name and number and maybe I'll call you."
"Anytime, anywhere you say, I'll be there," he said as he quickly wrote down his name and number.
I took it back and looked it over.
"What's your name? So I'll know if you call," he asked.
I looked up at him and was about to give him a made up first name but instead I smiled and said, "Just call me fingers."
He smiled stupidly at me and said, "That's great!"
I told him thanks, and then noticed that the traffic on the road in front of the mall had started to pick up.
"I think I had better get dressed and you had better put that away," I said pointing to his cock, "Before we both get in trouble."
He looked a little disappointed but said, "Yeah I guess you're right."
While he was zipping up I threw my shirt on and hopped back in the front seat, leaving my sweat pants somewhere on the floor so I could give him one last show as I climbed into the front seat. Once I was back in the driver's seat I started the car and smiled at him as I drove away. I watched him in the rearview mirror. He stared at the bumper of my car until I turned the corner and left the lot. 
You might think that masturbating in front of someone like that would have satisfied me, but my pussy was only begging for more! Doing something so lewd and outrageous had only warmed me up for more! I practically flew home and ran up to my apartment without even bothering to put on my sweat pants. I put the milk, my banana and a bowl full of cereal on the table in front of the TV in the living room. Then I popped in a videocassette of one of my daytime soaps. It's filled with so so many cute guys and lots of beautiful women. I turned down the sound, pulled off my T-shirt, peeled my banana and sat down on the couch slumped down so that my ass was on the edge of the seat cushons and my legs were spread wide. I lightly ran my fingers over my pussy as I looked at the beautiful people on TV. I couldn't help imagining that they were watching me play with myself. That they were looking right at my spread open pussy and asking to see me finger myself! I pinched a nipple as I gently slipped a finger in my aching wet pussy. MMM, they liked seeing that! They wanted more though. They wanted to watch me fuck myself with that long thick banana. I picked it up off the table and rubbed the end of it over my clit as I fingered myself. Oh yeah that was good wasn't it? They liked that. I liked that. I wanted them to watch me fuck myself. I wanted them to see everything! Now not only was I being watched by the soap actors but I imagined my friend from the parking lot was there also. He was standing there stroking his fat cock as he lusted after me.
"Fuck yourself! Fuck yourself good! I want to see everything," he told me as he stroked his cock.
Everything? Ok I want you to see it all! I want to expose every indecent inch of myself to you! I thought, as I put my feet up on the corners of the table. Now they could see not only my finger penetrate my slick wet pussy but also they could see my tight asshole. Oh, and I was going to show them more! That's right, lick your lips pretty soap actress; stroke your cock, parking lot guy and watch this! I took my finger out of my pussy. Half my hand was coated with my wet slippery juices. Without skipping a beat I slid the banana into my pussy and my finger down to my asshole. As I slid the banana deeper into my pussy I pressed my finger gently into my asshole. I wasn't really lubed up enough to fuck myself back there, but it would be enough to just feel myself being penetrated! To squeeze my asshole tight around my finger as I fucked myself with a fat banana. MMM, and that's just what I did! I started to fuck myself with that banana as my finger slipped deeper into my ass. God! It felt so fucking good! I imagined a giant crowd of people watching me as I fucked both my tight holes for them. I not only showed them my naked body, but also exposed myself to the limit! I wanted them all to watch me cum! My breathing quickened, my body twitched. I grunted and moaned like an animal, and then came so hard I almost crushed the banana in my pussy! I held it deep and tight inside me as I lifted up it's end slightly, so that it would rub against my clit better as I covered it in my cum. OHHHHH GOD! IT FELT SOOOOO FUCKING GOOOD! OHHHHHhhhhhh....
After I came, I rolled up on the couch with the banana still inside me and rested for a few minutes. When I could breath easily again, a good ten minutes later I stood up and let the banana slip out of me. Poor thing, I did fuck it out of shape but it was all shiny with my cum so I knew it would taste good. I sat back down and cut it up with my spoon over the bowl of cereal, and then poured the milk over my breakfast. Best way to start your day!
