Nyx Anansi: Slut, Spy, Assassin: The Queen's Command
Nyx Anansi yawned and rolled out of bed, blinking the sleep out of her eyes. She threw on her uniform which consisted of a revealing black halter top, and tight, olive green shorts, which she camel-toed the hell out of. Not that that was a problem. After all, Nyx served as a one man/woman brothel for the Queen's army, as well as one of her spies, and also an assassin, although Nyx mostly focused on the first part of her job. Nyx was born with a special power, one that only a few lucky individuals possessed. Nyx was a shapeshifter. So of course, she began fucking everyone in sight, and charging them for her services. She was immensely successful in that endeavor. After all, Nyx could change her appearance in the blink of the eye, and she could even change her gender, making her widely appealing. As far as she was concerned, she was designed to fuck people, to fulfill their wildest fantasies, and that's what she did. Eventually, her prowess caught the attention of the Queen, who hired her to meet the sexual needs of her large army.
Nyx yawned again, and looked in the mirror. At the moment, she had caramel skin, black hair, and olive eyes, which is what she usually looked like, when she wasn't shapeshifting to fulfill someone's desires. "Hmm..." she looked down at her breasts. She ran her fingers over them, then concentrating a little bit, she made them grow one cup size, filling out her top nicely. "Much better." With that, she picked up her work bag, filled with all sorts of sex toys, and walked out towards the throne room for her daily orders. As she walked through the hallways, she received numerous hungry looks and wolf- whistles, as always. She gave them the same smile, wave, and bounce of her breasts as she always did, even stopping to kiss a few, or give them little touches. She arrived at the throne room, and bowed her way in.
The Queen spoke up, "Nyx Anansi... how lovely to see you." She bit her lip, looking her over.
Nyx smiled, "Likewise, my Queen. What are my orders for today?"
The Queen had a slightly mischievous grin, her lime-green eyes shining, and her guards shuffled out of the throne room. "I've been... rather lonely, as of late, Nyx. Rather starved of touch..."
Nyx's grin widened. "Is that so, my Queen?" She stepped closer, swaying her hips slightly. "Is there anything I can do to help with that, your Highness?"
The Queen smirked slightly as Nyx stepped closer, her walk enticing and arousing her. They stood face to face, and could hear each other's heavy breathing. The Queen replied, eyes fluttering slightly in anticipation, smiling slightly, "You know what you can do to, Nyx..."
Nyx smiled wider, then kissed her, "Yes, I do..."
The Queen shivered slightly, and kissed back, allowing Nyx to push her into the throne, her hands tangled in Nyx's hair behind her head, pulling her into herself. Nyx kissed over her face and the nape of her neck, causing the Queen to shiver at the sensation of her soft lips on the sensitive skin of her neck. Nyx kissed her harder, her hand instinctively coming up to cup the Queen's firm breast. Her breasts had a nice point to them, and were medium in size, and Nyx massaged them gently. A soft moan escaped from the Queen's lips, and she kissed her harder, her hands sliding down Nyx's back and cupping her busty ass.
Nyx could feel her pussy getting wet, and she smiled. She absolutely loved the feeling, and she was sure that the Queen would be soaked shortly, which only aroused her more. Nyx's greatest passion was turning people on, which she did well. With expertise, she worked the Queen's regal gown off, letting it drop to the ground, running her fingers over the creamy skin of her waist. The Queen shuddered, causing her perky tits to bounce in her lacy undergarments, and her hands pawed hungrily at Nyx's chest, her eyes were green orbs filled with lust. Nyx's nipples were hard with arousal, and poked through her halter top. Nyx never bothered to wear a bra, it was just one more piece of clothing to remove, and she figured the more people who saw her nipples the more people who'd want to fuck her.
The Queen excitedly ran her fingers over Nyx's chest, playing with the nubs that poked through. Not satisfied, she pulled her top over her head, causing Nyx's breasts to be exposed in their full glory, bouncing slightly from their recent liberation. They were the same beautiful caramel tan color as her body, and the perfect size for cupping one's hand around, and the glinted tantalizingly in the light. The Queen stared at the treasures she had uncovered, practically salivating. The lustful expression on her face only turned Nyx on more, and she could tell her panties had a wet spot, and she felt a drop of her nectar slide down her leg. The Queen noticed, pulling her hungry gaze away from Nyx's chest. She caught the drop with her finger, and put her finger to her lips, and tasted it, eyes lidded with pleasure.
Nyx bit her lip, and reached out, her hands ran over the Queen's shapely shoulders, pausing to play with her long, red hair. The Queen shivered, and pressed her cheek into Nyx's breasts, her lips latching on to one of Nyx's tantalizing nipples, while the slutty shapeshifter worked her bralette clasp loose. She let the cups fall forward, revealing a set of perky breasts with gorgeous pink tips, perfect for sucking. Nyx moaned softly as the Queen's tongue flitted over her nipple, one of her hands gently massaging the Queen's perky tits, this time without the barrier of clothes. The other hand was in her hair, cupping the back of her head as the Queen kept sucking on Nyx, her lips and tongue extracting pleasure, and Nyx felt her panties getting slightly heavy from her pussy juices.
The Queen hesitantly let Nyx's now wet nub fall from her mouth, and raised her head to full height, and they kissed. "I want you to suck my titties, Nyx... I want you to suck them like the horny little slut you are," she cooed, her voice ripe with lust. Nyx licked her lips a little, and compiled, her soft lips hungrily sucking on the Queen's tender, pointy nipples, her hands playing with the gorgeous lumps. The Queen moaned as Nyx's tongue flitted over her nipples, and her hands cupped Nyx's breasts, which felt as though they were made for that purpose. Nyx loved the sensation of the Queen's nipple getting hard in her mouth as she sucked and teased them, her hand played with the other as it waited for its turn, and eventually the other nipple's cravings were filled by Nyx's expert mouth.
The Queen bit her lip, and Nyx sensed she was dying to see her fully nude. She gave her breasts a playful little nip, eliciting a gasp of pleasure from the Queen, and stepped back. Looking back at the Queen the whole time, Nyx slowly worked her tight shorts over her curvy ass. The Queen stared hungrily as first her gorgeous rosebud of an asshole came into view, followed by her perfect pussy lips as the shorts fell to the floor. Then, starting at the top of her smooth pubic mound, she traced her finger along herself, in between her labia, coating it in her juices, and parting them slightly, giving the Queen a prime view of the delectable flesh inside. She then slipped her lubricated finger into her ass, and smiled back at the Queen. She was clearly enjoying the show, according to the wet patch on her panties. Nyx felt herself get even more excited by this, and let her muscles push her finger out.
She then slowly and seductively walked back to the Queen, who was panting with excitement, eyes shining. Nyx then dipped into a kneel, as one should before her Queen, and worked her panties off with her teeth. The Queen let out a soft moan each time Nyx's delicate lips brushed her sensitive crotch. Once the panties were on the floor, Nyx once again gently pushed the Queen onto her throne, and looked her over, moving from her delicately sculpted feet, and up her shapely legs. She became fixated as her gaze moved hungrily from the Queen's tightly little rosebud, and followed a trail of creamy liquid that leaked from her entrance, and eventually her eyes wandered up over the Queen's pale pussy lips and then her red pubes, which were a neatly trimmed bush. Nyx gently placed her tongue over the Queen's dainty rosebud, and worked her way upwards, capturing each drop of essence, then played her tongue up over her entrance and slid it between her juicy labia, brushing her clit, while her one hand's fingers teased her right nipple, and the other's tangled in the soft cloud of red hair on her mound.
The Queen moaned a little louder, enjoying the feel of Nyx's tongue on her wet, sensitive pussy. "Harder," she commanded, and Nyx gladly complied, vigorously licking around her entrance, teasing at sliding her tongue into her, and the thumb of the hand in her bush slipped down to rub her clit. The Queen shuddered, her juices were flowing greatly, and Nyx eagerly lapped them up. Nyx loved the sticky-sweet taste of pussy, she could eat it all day. She then let her tongue do as it teased, and slipped it into her entrance, using her lips to create a slight, pleasurable suction. She pressed into her, sliding her tongue as deep as she could, tasting her and playing with the delicate skin inside of her, her nose pressed into the Queen's pubes, breathing her scent. She moaned, shuddered, and gasped, and Nyx could tell the Queen was close to orgasm. She felt the Queen's vaginal muscles spasming, and let them slide her tongue out, and instead she teased her clit with her tongue. The hand that was on her breast came down, and she slid two of her fingers into the Queen's dilated and wet pussy, finger-fucking her and licking her clit intensely. One of the Queen's hands was fisted in Nyx's hair, pulling her head into the Queen's warm and juicy crotch, the other replaced Nyx's on her perky tit, squeezing it tightly as her orgasm neared.
With one more lick of her clit from Nyx, the Queen hit her climax. Nyx fingered and licked her hard as she rode out her orgasm. Nyx could feel her muscles spasming wildly as the Queen thrashed with pleasure, moaning, "Oh Nyx!". After a little while, the Queen lay back on the throne, breathing hard, with a post-orgasmic look of ecstasy on her face. Nyx slowly pulled her drenched fingers out of the Queen's pussy, and they were followed shortly by a creamy discharge, which Nyx eagerly licked up. Nyx then licked her fingers, eager to get each last drop of cum. Nyx was a huge cumslut. There was something about cum that she just loved. She wasn't sure if it was the taste, or the feel of it on her tits or face, or the feeling as hers or someone else's leaked from her tight pussy, or her ass, or if Nyx was male, the sensation of sticky, hot cum exploding out of the tip of his dick. Whatever it was, Nyx loved cum, male or female. She could spend days on end milking cocks and pussies for it.
Slowly, the Queen sat up, cheeks flushed with ogasmic pleasure, and with the same mischievous smirk as earlier she asked, "How could I ever repay you for that, Nyx Anansi?"
Perhaps it was Nyx's earlier thoughts about male cum that inspired this, but she slowly began to shift to male form, and in playful mockery of the Queen's earlier words, he said. "You know what you can do, your Highness... it's been ages since I've had a good blowjob..." The Queen smiled up at the prostitute as she sank to her knees, one hand firmly wrapped around his 8 ½ inch shaft, the other cupping his sack. She kissed the tip of his sizable cock, causing it to twitch. She smiled up at him one more time, before she wrapped her lips around his sizable girth, and went down, taking as much of his solid penis in her mouth as she could. She relished the feeling of him sliding down her throat, and eventually came back up for air, gasping for breath and stroking him fiercely. Nyx moaned, and the Queen gasped, "So... big..." before going back down again, playing with his balls as she choked pleasurably on his huge penis.
Both Nyx and the Queen shuddered as a bit of his pre-cum dribbled down her throat. The Queen adjusted her technique, and rather than going down as far as she could go, she took in a comfortable amount of his long, thick, cock, and bobbed her head up and down, her lips and tongue running along Nyx's long shaft, which was now nicely slicked from a mix of her saliva and his pre-cum. Nyx groaned with pleasure at the Queen's good technique. The last blowjob she had received was from a rather inexperienced soldier. While his mouth did feel good, Nyx had to instruct him on some proper cocksucking techniques, which he did an abysmal job on picking up, so he ended up just stroking himself off until the soldier got a nice load of cum on his face, to match the load Nyx had already deposited in his ass. Anyways, Nyx was rather pleased to have someone experienced working on his dick, the Queen had clearly done this many times before.
In fact, he could feel the mount pressure that signifies an approaching orgasm, but he held on because clearly the Queen loved to give blowjobs. Nyx smiled to himself a little as a possible explanation for her male advisors' extreme loyalties crossed his mind. The Queen kept her intensity, and Nyx felt her fingers slide from his testicles to his ass, gently rubbing there. Nyx moaned again, his hands tangled in the Queen's fiery mane. Slowly, the Queen's sucking came to a stop, and she looked up as she reached behind herself, and slipped her middle finger deep into her own pussy a few times, covering it in her lubricating juices, before bringing it back around to his now slightly loosened asshole. His cock twitched as she slipped her finger into his tight ass, and he knew it was nearly time for him to cum.
The Queen began to finger his ass and blow his cock at the same time. While Nyx managed to hold on for a bit longer, it was inevitably too much for him to control the urge. "I'm going to cum!" he moaned, and the Queen just smiled at him, and finger-fucked his ass and sucked him harder, clearly wanting to take his load in her mouth. The Queen hit a deep penetration with her finger and completed an upward motion with her lips at the same time, and it sent Nyx over the edge. He shuddered as he felt each rope of cum squirt from the tip of his dick and into the Queen's waiting mouth, four in total. He watched as the Queen swirled his warm cum around on her tongue, and proudly showed the large load to him, before hungrily swallowing it. Nyx was clearly not the only cum- whore in the room.
The Queen lay on top of Nyx, idly running her hand over his chest. "I want you to cum inside of me..." she said, and kissed him. Nyx could taste his own cum on her lips.
"Not just quite yet, your Highness..." he said, smiling. The chest that the Queen was running her hand over began to shift, and slowly Nyx's breasts grew and swelled as she became female again. The Queen gave the newly reformed tits a squeeze, and gave Nyx a horny smile.
"Just what do you have planned now, temptress?" she purred as she kissed and sucked Nyx's breast, rubbing her pussy and Nyx's with each of her hands.
Nyx moaned softly, and replied with her usually seductive air. "You'll see, your Majesty...". She gently pulled the Queen's hands from their pussies, and scissored their legs together. She smiled at the Queen, and then brushed her wet, warm, labia up against the Queen's juicy, sticky, pussy. The Queen let out a small moan, and cupped Nyx's ass, pulling her into herself. Nyx smiled, and began to hump her moist mound against the Queen's, the slit of her pussy lining up nicely with the Queen's sensitive labia. The Queen left out another moan, muffled slightly by Nyx's nipple in her mouth, her eyes rolled back with pleasure as Nyx's hands groped her perky tits, playing with her delicate pink nubs. Nyx shivered pleasurably as she felt her juices and the Queen's mix as their warm, wet pussies rubbed together.
Nyx scissored her harder, and the delicate skin of both the inside and outside of their pussies brushed together more and more. The grooves and folds of their beautiful pussies fit together sensually, Nyx's juicy labia sliding between the Queen's, brushing her clit and coating her pussy with her own nectar. The Queen moaned, and Nyx could tell the Queen was nearing her orgasm again, and she could feel herself approaching as well. Nyx pressed into the Queen, rubbing their pussies together, harder and harder, each of them getting wetter and moaning louder by the second.
The Queen came first, shuddering violently, and brushing up against Nyx's sensitive pussy in such a way that it set her off too. The two women fucked each other hard as they rode the wave of pleasure of an orgasm, and their cum leaked from each of their pussies, coating the other. Most of their cum slid down over their asses, intermingling and forming a puddle on the throne. Nyx eagerly licked it up, holding it in her mouth as she kissed the Queen, depositing half of their mixed cum in her mouth. The women didn't stop kissing as the cum slid down their throats, and just kissed harder, grasping each other's tits.
"That was... amazing... now please... please fuck me hard and cum inside of me?" The Queen was practically begging. Nyx smiled, and sucked the Queen's perky tits as he shapeshifted to male form. He pushed her down onto the throne, so she was bent doggy-style in front of him. He ran his cock over the seam of her pussy, teasing her, and lubricating himself. She shuddered "Oh for God's sake just fuck me already..."
Nyx smiled, and he slid his thick cock into the Queen's tight, wet, and waiting pussy. She moaned loudly as he pushed his big dick as deep as he could, the warm, wet, juicy flesh swallowing him whole. The Queen screamed a little as his huge manhood began to move in and out of her gaping, juicy cock- hole. "Fuck me harder!" she half commanded, half begged. Of course, Nyx happily complied, and he fucked her at a nice moderate pace, highly pleasurable, yet not exactly orgasm inducing pace. The Queen moaned, and bowed her back, spreading her ass. Further turned on by this, Nyx began to pick up the pace.
Nyx had quite impressive stamina, which makes sense given his line of work. He could fuck for hours without cumming, or shoot of dozens of loads in a few minutes. This impressive stamina had allowed him to fuck his way through hours long orgies, and whole enemy courts. This allowed him to keep the hungriest of cumsluts well fed and happy. This ability also allowed him to keep from cumming in the Queen's pussy, which she so desperately wanted him to do. He enjoyed playing with her, and making her wait.The Queen began to grow slightly impatient, and rolled onto her back, missionary position, vainly hoping a new view of her tits, fine body, and pubic bush would be enough to push Nyx over the edge.
After a while at this pace, he began to slide his cock in and out faster, causing the Queen to moan loudly. "Oh God OH FUCK NYX I'M CUMMING!" And cum she did, her muscles seizing on Nyx's firm shaft, which was buried deep inside of her. Nyx smiled as the Queen orgasmed violently, thrashing with pleasure. As the Queen finished, Nyx thrusted deep, and he let the mounting pressure of his own orgasm go. He shot his load deep into her well-fucked pussy in three hard jerks. Nyx absolutely loved creampieing, both on the giving and receiving end, and being able to control his own body, including his fertility, pregnancy was never a risk. He pulled out his drenched cock, and watched as his cum oozed from the Queen, as she rode out the tail end of her orgasm, shuddering. The Queen caught the escaping cum with her fingers, and pushed it back inside her pussy, allowing no drop to escape. After a few moments of heavy breathing, the Queen sat up, and began to redress, and Nyx followed suit. "Thank you for your service, Nyx Anansi... now, for the rest of today's assignments..."