I never thought I would be in this situation and sometimes I still wonder how we reached this point. In truth, from my side at least, it felt like a slow migration without any defined lines being crossed although of course looking back it seems these were many and frequent, I just didn't recognise them.

Now I really need to put in a point or two of defence here so you don't think this firstly a fabrication, it is not, or secondly that I'm some sort of ten-stone wimp with an adequacy problem, I am not. I'm a normal guy with a decent job, nice house (not huge but in a good area of a small town) and reasonably fit having played sport actively for many years. My wife and I were both thirty one with two smallish children and a good set of friends.

Libby, my wife, works for a small local company as an administrator. There are only twelve in the company and just nine who work out of their office. I work in London for a large company so I commute every day.

You of course know what is coming (or can make a pretty good guess) so it's hard to write this without every occurrence seeming obvious and my actions (or lack thereof) foolish and nave. I can assure you however that we had a very good relationship so I never thought anything would happen and when things began to I still thought we were too close for anything, no matter how briefly sordid, to damage the strong roots we'd put down.

I'm also not blessed with a perfect memory but much of what was said and happened had such an impact that I'm able to recall it all although maybe not word perfect. Ok I'm getting a little trite but I hope you get the picture; we were close and as they say love is blind.

I suppose it began when Casey started in her office but apart from Libby mentioning a new guy joining I took little or no interest. Again with hindsight she did talk about him a little more than some others but that was fine. Anyway things seemed to continue much the same for a few months until she went out one Tuesday night.

The office where she works did an evening once a month, always on a weekday as most have families so Fridays and weekends were not thought to be the best time to arrange things for. That month it was bowling and Libby popped home to change before disappearing off for a few hours.

Since these evenings were midweek, this was a Wednesday, while a lot of fun she was never home late as they all had work the following day. This night however, well after 1am having been in bed for a while, I woke to find her still not home and became a little worried. I sent a text but got no reply so sat fretting until finally nearly thirty minutes later she sent back; `sorry forgot the time, we've been chatting, will be home v. soon.'

No problem I thought so fell back to sleep. I woke when she was in the bedroom and cracked an eye watching her as she removed her clothes and stuffed her knickers down into the laundry bin before grabbing her nightdress. I heard her washing and was almost asleep again when she returned sliding into bed. As I put my arm about her she whispered `go to sleep' and wriggled away from me.

I'll try not to repeat this too often but if you are looking for signs then they were there already; the knickers didn't have to be buried beneath the other washing, she never washed before getting into bed (just a quick brush of the teeth) and while we don't always cuddle at night it was exceedingly rare for us to push the other away. I wasn't looking for signs so didn't see them.

Libby and I always agreed that if we wanted to see our own friends we would do so on Fridays and following the appearance of the children we alternated the weeks we were out not that we went out without the other very often anyhow. It was her turn that Friday but she'd not mentioned anything so I assumed we'd be home together as usual.

Thursday morning she was more than a little distracted but she'd been home late and since I was off out to work only half an hour after she'd got up I didn't think anything of it. Anyway it was that evening she let me know she would be out on the Friday, not a problem as it was her turn although we'd chatted about getting a film to watch together.

That Friday she looked really great and wore her black satin skirt and dark stockings which she'd only ever wore a couple of times out with me as she thought it a little too short. When I mentioned it she said it was about time she wore it or it would be a waste. She also had on a black shimmery top which, along with perhaps more makeup than usual made her look really sexy. I was actually proud of her then.

She left around eight with a passing; `not sure when I'll be home so don't wait up' and she was gone. The children were in bed by seven thirty so I had hours to myself which I whiled away on some old action movies either side of Friday night football. I went to bed just after twelve and only woke when Libby returned.

This time I was quite awake, she must have made a bit of a noise I guess as I usually sleep very heavily. That night after I watched her grab her nightclothes and head for the bathroom (another thing she never did before) I heard her washing again and thought it a little odd. She returned and I said hello then once she climbed in asked her about her evening.

She was very no committal, again not the normal state of affairs as there was usually some gossip she wanted to share then she again gently pushed me aide when I went to spoon with her saying she was very tired. This was odd as it was only a sleeping position and something we did all the time.

I suppose this type of thing continued for the next few weeks with Libby coming home late from some of her Fridays out, not that I particularly kept stock at the time and it's only in hindsight that I realised there was a pattern:  When she went out with the friends I knew she was chatty and keen to talk about the gossip she'd heard but now she was mainly going out with her office mates and she didn't really talk about them at all. There was also the difference in the time she returned; either around midnight or much, much later when it involved business friends but like I've said already it wasn't something I noticed at the time.

I was aware that she wore either her satin skirt or a new grey dress she seemed to have acquired recently but given her decision to wear it or waste it I didn't really think about it much. The new dress was moderately short but flared at her thighs and looked, if anything, even more sexy than the black one because as she moved it showed a lot of leg.

Anyway this continued for quite a while until it was our wedding anniversary and I arranged for the children to stay at my mothers so that we could go out for a romantic meal. Libby was surprisingly reluctant to go but I made the arrangements anyway however when she got home from work she wasn't pleased although I couldn't work out why.

Disappointingly although she dressed up for the evening and despite my request she wouldn't wear the grey dress or the new heels she'd taken to wearing with it although I have to say she still looked very nice in one of her floral ones. The meal was pleasant although Libby was a little distant again but things went very wrong once we were home and I tried to initiate sex with her for the third or forth time in this period. 

Libby once again refused me which was more than a little upsetting and unfortunately I got very angry which just made her cry and storm off to sleep in the spare room. After cooling down I knocked on the door but she told me to go away.

The next morning she was cold and monosyllabic, which was really depressing then after breakfast she was decidedly off with me as if I'd done something terrible. This of course made matters worse as I suggested she was being a little melodramatic which caused us to row with her blaming me for being `sex obsessed'. I said she was being spiteful which made her clam up for a while until she told me in a flat voice that she was going out to see a friend as she felt she needed `some air'.

Since the children were to be out all day, we were going over for an evening meal, I'd hoped we'd have a nice day together but this was not what I'd expected. I tried to talk to her saying that it was not unreasonable for me to have been interested sexually in my wife and while I shouldn't have lost my temper this was still an overreaction. Of course she just got more upset and within minutes she'd gone out. I was left alone.

When Libby finally returned several hours later she was quit different. Firstly she looked happier but more than this she was all business: She sat me down and explained that she didn't feel like making love to me for a while, not after my aggressive and hurtful behaviour as she had been really frightened as she thought I was about to assault her. I angrily rebuked that saying that I'd never forced her in my life so to suggest that was hurtful. She just simply said that was how she'd felt at the time.

So I said sorry and she said ok but it was on a once only warning and she would leave if she thought she was in danger. It was such an overreaction to what was simply a heated row but I of course didn't want it to blow up again so I agreed and she looked satisfied. Then she asked me for a favour and implied I owed her.

"Firstly since you're not using this Friday can I take it instead?" Of course I said yes immediately. "Secondly I've had an offer of a weekend away with a couple of work friends in about a month or so, can I go?" I could sense that she also expected me to agree to this as well so to avoid any issues and to also show I was caring I said `no problem'. She said a thank you then gave me a quick peck on the cheek and that was that.

Thinking back I'm aware that from that day I began to have occasional doubts about Libby but tried to ignore them and although we didn't do a lot, the day was fine and the evening pleasant.

The following Friday as I said I didn't have plans so Libby got to go out again. She surprised me both with another new dress, this time it was really short and very high up on the thigh but more than that she wore Whale-net tights for the first time in her life. The effect was both stunning and overtly sexual especially with her black heels. When I expressed my concerns she gave me a really hurt look and asked me what type of woman did I think she was? 

She then added bitterly that most husbands would be pleased that their wife wanted to take pride in their appearance. Then she kicked off the heels and began to drag out a pair of leggings from the wardrobe making it plain she was going to change which of course made me backtrack fast. I was acutely aware I was already on slippery ground so I actually apologised to her.

After that she sat on the bed saying I'd ruined her evening as she felt like a tart now which forced me to keep saying sorry and that she looked great and shouldn't worry about it but should go out as she was.

Finally after several minutes she said "Are you really sure? I mean you're happy for me to dress like this and won't suddenly get angry again?" I nodded. So with another questioning look she got up. "OK but you shouldn't keep trying to pick fights with me, it's not fair. All I want to do is look nice for a change."

"I'm sorry you look great." I replied trying to keep her happy.

"Well if you're really ok with me dressing like this then I will." She stated and put the heels back on then went downstairs to wait for her taxi. As she left that night I wondered why she felt the need to dress quite so sexily but like I've said many times now, I loved her and therefore decided she was probably simply dressing the way her friends did.

She was again very late home but I woke when she slipped under the duvet and instinctively I cuddled her. She actually stiffened when I did this then un-peeled my arm and said in a low voice. "No chance buster!" I was too tired to argue that a cuddle was different from sex so turned away and went to sleep.

That night I woke around five and visited the bathroom then went to return to bed only in the light spilling in from the hall I spotted one of the legs of Libby's new tights almost buried in the laundry basket. I looked closer and saw it had been pushed down into the rest of the washing and given that I remembered spotting this a few weeks back I was a little uncertain what it meant (if anything) so quietly fished them out.

They surfaced wrapped around a pair of knickers which I'd never seen before, not that I looked at her underwear much, only these were black and shiny and certainly something I'd have noticed if I'd seen them on. As I looked at them I saw something that made my heart beat faster namely a deposit all over the crotch of the knickers which were darkly stained.

It wasn't totally clear what this meant but with my mind now jumping to all sorts of conclusions I nearly yelled for Libby to wake up and explain immediately. I felt for the first time that something might be going on but was concerned both at the possible reason behind the mark but also how she might react if it wasn't what I thought it was. She would probably never forgive me if I accused her wrongly. In the end I agonised over this for maybe thirty minutes before leaving them in the basket and climbing back into bed. 

Despite being agitated I did finally fall asleep again to be woken by Libby with a cup of tea. She looked a little worried and sat of the bed then asked me in a concerned voice why I'd been `playing' with her knickers in the night. I looked at her dumbly then finally told her that she needed to explain to me why they were as they were. I didn't feel able to come straight out and say it so we looked at each other for several moments until finally she asked me what I meant.

I paused then informed her that I'd found the wet stain on them and waited to see her reaction. She looked at me as if I was mad for a second then with the crease of the brow she asked if I was talking about her feminine discharge. I said that they were very wet (I couldn't even say soiled for some reason) to which she shrugged and said she'd been dancing and it wasn't unusual for her to leak a little since the birth of the children. 

She then fixed me with a hard stare and asked me had I been sniffing them to which I said of course not but she shook her head and then gave me a kiss on the forehead and said she `understood' as if she knew I had. With that Libby got up and walked away leaving me embarrassed and feeling undeservedly guilty at what she'd implied.

During that day she actually made quite a few sly comments about her knickers as if I might be searching for her used pairs then to make matters a lot worse that night she actually asked me directly if I'd worn them. When I said no she added that it was ok because she liked the way they felt as well and understood why I might prefer them to my own. It was as if she was trying to understand me even when she was making it clear she thought the activity strange.

When I challenge her on this and stated that it really wasn't something I'd do she shrugged and said ok. She then added that she was a bit upset because I was becoming a bit weird. When I rose to that as well she quietly explained that fooling about with her knickers, drooling over her when she dressed to go out with friends then calling her a tart wasn't exactly nice behaviour.

I was shocked at this and told her it wasn't like that but couldn't bring myself to say what I was actually worried about as it would just make it a whole lot worse. So I just apologised once again. Libby said it was ok and left it although for the rest of the weekend I was careful not to give her any cause for concern.

Now I'm not stupid but I loved Libby and my family very deeply so tried to convince myself that perhaps she was telling the truth and if so my behaviour might well appear odd.

The next week was a works darts evening from which she came home early and we went up to bed together her chatting about nothing at all which actually pleased me as it was more normal behaviour. I did try to give her a kiss and a cuddle but she told me I was still `on probation' so I gave up.

Over the next few weeks she was out once or twice as was I. Now I should say at this point work was really busy and I was tired most of the time and Libby was now being very sweet although when I think back there hadn't been any intimacy for nearly four months despite her dressing really sexily when she went out.

Anyway one Friday it was her turn to go out (which she now did every time) and when I asked if I could swap she simply refused but told me if I had to go out I should arrange for the children to visit my mothers again, which I did as I wanted to meet some old friends in town.

On Friday Libby wore a lacy top that showed her breasts just a little and an ultra short skirt over a pair of really shiny cut-off leggings of course with tall heels. She looked really hot and to be frank that worried me but after the last time I'd mentioned her clothes I was keen not to say anything. Anyway she actually asked me if I liked her in her new outfit which of course, to avoid any arguments, I said yes. She left in the taxi beaming while I felt a little depressed.

Now two things happened that night, firstly I got really drunk and was actually ill the second was that Libby didn't appear at all but I had a text around 1am saying she was staying at a friend's house. Anyway Saturday morning I was feeling really sorry for myself when she appeared looking like a wet dream still and I couldn't help but stare at my wife who in the past few months or so had changed so much.

In daylight I could see the top was really quite see-through and her breasts and nipples were slightly visible without being completely blatant. The cut-offs under the tiny skirt were really tight and stretchy and as I watched her peel them of I realised she wore nothing under them. She looked at me and smiled then went to take a shower.

I sat rather stunned at how she had chosen to dress contemplating what I could say to her before finally going to the bathroom where I sat silently until she came out of the shower. I looked at Libby naked for the first time in ages and noticed that her sex was completely bald. She spotted where I was looking and said that that was part of the reason she was leaking so much because she'd trimmed it off as she was getting a rash. 

I couldn't think of anything to say so simple returned to the bedroom where I spent the rest of the day sulking.

That weekend was pleasant after that as we visited friends although Libby seemed again a little distant at times. Anyway we carried on until the end of the next week the day before Libby was going away for her long weekend. She'd refused to allow me to arrange for the children to stay with my parents (Libby didn't work on a Friday so we had no childcare arranged for them) saying she felt that since I'd been so busy for the past weeks the children needed to be with their father.

In the end I came home early on the Thursday and had taken the Friday and Monday off. I went to find my wife but she was locked in the bathroom although she said she was nearly ready. I made tea for both of us and stood sipping from my mug when she came into the kitchen.

Libby had been to the hairdresser and her straight shoulder length brown hair was replaced by heavily curled ginger/red locks that made her look like a completely different person. To add to this she wore a tight long-sleeved round-neck jumper, which was white and tight, the material stretching over her breasts and hinting at the lack of a bra. She also wore leggings which were black and again while not indecent they also suggested she had nothing else beneath. She had on a pair of low heels and with her makeup she looked very sexy but yet in a classy French way.

"Like it?" She said doing a twirl. I said `wow' and she smiled then went off to finish her packing. Once she'd done this and I'd put the luggage in the car she gave me a quick cheek peck and she was off. I tried not to dwell on Libby or what she or her friends might get up to but anyway somehow I got through the weekend and soon it was Monday and I waited to her to return as I played games with the children. When she did arrive home she gave them a big kiss each then fished into the bag she carried and presented them with a gift each. After more kisses they went off to play with them and she turned to me.

"Hi." She said and asked me to get the bag and meet her in the bedroom. I did as asked and arrived to find Libby holding up a couple of DVDs. "A present for you." She said but when I went to take it she said "Not yet!" and put them away for later. Later that night after the children were in bed my wife quietly went upstairs to check their bedrooms to make sure they were asleep before she reappearing dressed in the Whale-tights, the skirt she usually wore over her leggings and a lacy top that was so loose her breasts were completely accessible. She really did look like a tart as she locked the door behind her.

She set the DVD, turned off all the lights then sat next to me in the dark and pulled out my cock. Considering I'd had no sexual contact with her for several months this was both a shock and also had an immediate effect on me. I went to play with her but she slapped me away so with a shrug I sat back watching what turned out to be a sex video. Basically it was a film of a married woman with another man shot by her husband: She starts off kissing on the sofa before beginning serious foreplay, undressing her lover and herself as she progresses. We watched it unfold for about ten minutes until Libby's assault on my cock was too much and I came. My wife slipped away and returned with a towel and some more beers then cleaned me up before she started the DVD again. After a couple of minutes she began to play with me again while still refusing to let me touch or kiss her so once again I sat back and watched.

This time we saw the woman go down on the man for a while before she was placed on her back and the guy then guided his large cock into her. At this point the camera man was heard urging them on asking the woman if she liked the other mans cock to which she replied an emphatic yes he then asked her if she wanted her lover to cum inside her to which she said please and he got faster until finally with a grunt he obliged. Libby began kissing my ear and neck during all of this then when the man came she whispered that it was the hottest thing watching a married woman having sex and that she (the woman on the screen) was so lucky to have such an understanding husband. With that she sped up her wrist movements so I came hard and this time she milked me until I wilted completely before she finally wiped me down.

The DVD went on pause and we sat drinking beer for a few moments then she asked in a sexy voice if I'd `liked what I'd seen. I said yes and she then repeated that it was the best and she loved it that the woman had let another man cum inside her in front of her husband. After that we went to bed. Now of course there were alarms going off all over at this point but I ignored them focussing o the fact that we'd just had a sexual encounter albeit only for my pleasure. Libby disappeared into the bathroom for some time and although I didn't think it at the time, I was already dozing, I suspect she played with herself. Libby was back at work the following day and things were fairly normal until the Thursday evening when once again we sat down to watch the other DVD. Libby dressed in the tights once more only this time she wore a tiny top and heels and was simple exposed to me completely. However when I made to kiss her she said `probation' and I shrugged and sat back as the show began.

This DVD was again an amateur wife with another man only this time the man was very big and very black. In fact he was so much larger than the woman when they stood facing each other she had to go on tip-toes to kiss him even when he bent his head. She spent a long time trying to suck his cock but it was too big to get it in her mouth so after doing her best she lay on her back and the guy placed the head against her wet sex then turned to the camera and said he was about to ruin her for good. With that he then proceeded to work it into her over the next ten minutes (which frankly given she was an amateur was surprisingly quick) before they had sex for the next twenty. The woman was almost hysterical at times yet despite being small she took all of the man's erection inside her.

That evening Libby again insisted on playing with me only but when I said I really wanted to have sex with she refused and said she still wasn't ready to go that far again, whatever that meant. Anyway she brought me off twice as before this time fairly quickly as she was again whispering in my ear which she knew was a big turn on for me. I was a little disappointed when Libby informed me she was out that Friday since she'd been away but she pointed out it was actually her turn so reluctantly I conceded. That evening she came down and stood in front of me looking at me waiting for my reaction. She was simply dressed just like the woman on the DVD: I'd noticed the woman had red/ginger coloured hair and had a passing resemblance to Libby (if a little shorter) but now my wife wore an identical short pleated tartan skirt with a white blouse and white stockings with red heels. She even had a red ribbon in her hair and white chocker.

I looked at her and gaped.

"Like it?" She smiled and waited.

It was excessive and although not slutty was very, very sexy and quite disturbing in its way yet what could I do? After all that had gone on before I just nodded trying to think of what to say without ending in a fight. She gave a big grin and said `thanks' then trotted off to finish her makeup. She disappeared until the taxi arrived then she returned put in the DVD and turned off the lights. She leaned over and kissed my cheek. "Watch the DVD and pretend it's me." She then left.

I was now in front of the video which was continuing from where it had stopped the night before with a woman looking so, so like Libby now lying, still partially clothed, under the huge black man as he pounded away until with a yell he came inside her before pulling away so the cameraman zoomed in on her gaping hole with the man's cum beginning to pool inside her opening. I should have turned the DVD off immediately but I hadn't so I sat stunned by this (sporting an erection) as the camera pulled back and the Libby-like woman smiled and said "Big and black is best". I tried to remind myself that it wasn't Libby I'd just seen and my wife was just teasing me. However I was completely thrown by both it and Libby's appearance so went to bed several hours later still shaken.
.
Anyway my wife came home late but this time I didn't wake until the morning so had no idea what time. Libby was really keen to sit and watch the DVD again the following night and once again she dressed as the woman on the screen. As she played with me she whispered; "I seem to be enjoying his big black cock in me, are you enjoying watching it fuck me." I didn't answer so she pressed me by saying "It's hot isn't it?" three or four times until I said yes. She then repeated the previous statement and added. "You like seeing his cock buried in my pussy don't you?" Again I was silent but she simply worked on my cock harder. "Look at it go into me, you love seeing me getting fucked by a black cock don't you?" Finally I was erupting and she said "don't you!?" and I said yes.

Libby cleaned me up with a grin then called me a pervert but we did the same the next night and once more she kept on and on about how she was being fucked and how I loved watching it. I agreed fairly quickly this time and in fact she was talking about how good it was for me to watch my wife with a foot of black snake in her snatch when I came as I was saying ` yes it was great'. This time after a clean up she started again and when it was in full swing she asked if I'd like to see her in another movie. I looked at her and she said she had one that we could watch the following night. So we were in the dark room again the following night only this time Libby wore a black dress and dark stockings with her hair up which while she looked really attractive wasn't particularly sexy. Of course when the film began the woman wore virtually identical clothes and could have been her except she had darker hair.

The video was much like the last one with a thirty something married woman having sex with a large black guy. This time however the guy was a bit rougher with the woman although she was clearly happy with what he did to her. The other difference was she was then joined by another man part way through and we saw two men on the one woman at once. Libby again said things about it being hot to have had two men and then added that I could see she was cuming on the big cock in her. She kept this up all the time and once I'd cum she switched the DVD off then asked me if I wanted to see her star in another production to which after a pause I said yes.

That Friday Libby arranged for the children to be looked after as she told me we were having a night in, which of course meant another DVD. At half past eight she came down dressed in a basque stockings and heels clutching a digital cameral and after putting on all the lights in the room asked me to film her. I was surprised but happy to do so and watched with my cock aching as she sat on the sofa and started to tell the camera who she was, that she was married and how she loved cock in her pussy. She then played with herself for a while before we took a beer break.

It was just after this she told me to stop shooting and she jumped up and said, "at last!"  then left the room. My heart was going fast as I heard the front door go and my life crashed. I had genuinely thought we were just about to have sex but now Libby walked in with the biggest black man I'd ever met in the flesh. He was over six-eight and dwarfed my wife who was of course still only in the basque and stockings. Finally the penny dropped - far, far too late - she'd been setting me up for this for some considerable time.

"This is Casey." She introduced the man who just looked at me with a sneer then turned to Libby and she turned and kissed him his huge hands pulling her close for a few seconds. Then she sat with Casey, facing me.

"You've know I had a lover for some time, well since you found my cum stained knickers." She explained. "Once you gave me the green light to dress up for him everything's been great only I guess we both knew you'd have to meet him eventually. Casey thinks I need a little more freedom so suggested once you warmed to the idea of watching us we'd do it in front of you and them we could really move on." 

"Is that thing on?" Casey interrupted in a deep voice.

"Err... no" I replied.

"Switch it on then man." He said and gave me a hard stare. Libby was smiling at me nodding so with a trembling hand I turned it on and began to film my wife with this brute of a man. They kissed before she sank to her knees and undid his trousers. She fished about before pulling his monstrous cock out then looking at me she said; "This is why we don't have sex." She turned and began to suck on it but unlike the video we'd watched, somehow Libby managed to get the massive head into her mouth.

I watched in horror as it got hard then finally my wife lay on the sofa and turning to me she added. "Get the penetration, he's huge yet it still all goes in." the guy looked at me and said coldly. "You know everyone in the office knows your wife is my slut." He grinned as he continued to work his cock over my wife's slit. "I was glad you were cool about us going away together the other weekend, Libby said you'd let her and that you'd be playing with yourself thinking of us fucking."

With that he penetrated her and his huge cock slid far too easily inside. She groaned and looking at me she bit her lip and said she was about to cum. She then had a very obvious and noisy climax. I don't know why I did it but I filmed them as they had sex for over an hour culminating in Casey putting my wife's legs over his shoulders so he could get deeper. Then with a roar he had his climax and I could see his balls actually constricting as he pumped his seed deep inside Libby. My wife was babbling as this happened before going over the top into yet another climax of her own. I went stop the camera but Casey barked at me not to and with a grin from ear to ear Libby then showered kisses on him before she allowed him to get off. I was ordered to get close and I could see that just like the DVD there was a large amount of cum pooled inside her very open hole.

"You're wife loves my cock in her pussy." He said as I sat pointing the camera at Libby's huge gaping cavity. "No other cock's been in her since I came along." I looked up at him then thought back, he was right. Casey laughed at me as he disappeared from the room. Libby put her feet down and looked at me. I'd turned off the camera as Casey was going to the toilet. "I'm proud you've been so understanding about my affair. I told Casey about you finding out a few months ago and he thought you'd get upset but I told him you'd allow it to continue."

"This is how I see it." She continued lowering her voice. "Casey likes the idea of occasionally coming over and doing me while you watch, which given your hard on should be good for you too but most of the time I'll be at his place." He was coming back into the room so she sat back again.

"Now tomorrow Libby will come over to my house at twelve dressed in a new little outfit we bought last week. I want you there as well because it's going to be her sort of rights of passage. Now fuck off because I'm going to fuck your wife again and I want you somewhere else!"

After that I sat in the spare room listening to the sounds of my wife urging her man to fuck her and then to cum in her which actually made me cry. I found it really hard to order my thoughts; Libby made it sound as if we'd actually discussed my fears about her activities but we hadn't and yet now she seemed to simply expect me to accept it without question. They were not up until nine the following day and after a quick shower Casey left reminding us that we needed to be over before mid-day. Libby seemed very happy and when I finally asked about her outfit she produced a set of clothes then asked me to help her in them. I guess I had this single opportunity to at least voice my distress but I didn't I was too stunned.

The trousers were stretch fabric that looked like they were liquid it was really shiny, the top that was cropped and sat just below her nipples showing the underside of her pert breasts. She had on heels of simply enormous height and a chocker. We drove to the house then just before we went in Libby opened her legs wide and pointed at the gap in the material giving access to her sex. Once at his house we were greeted by a boy of around fifteen who was also black. For the first time Libby looked a little uncertain but we went in to find another three teenagers all black and all watching Libby like starved animals. Casey came in from another room and introduced us:

"This is Libby my slut girlfriend and this is her husband. Now because yesterday Libby told me she would do anything to please me, to prove that she means what she's promised she's going to entertain you all afternoon while her husband watches." The boys made high fives and whooped then I looked at Libby who gave a nervous smile back. That was the green light and within moments my wife was on her knees sucking a black cock while another went to her rear and finding the opening proceeded to push his own erection into her without any difficulty. I watched as they took her until both of them had cum then the third and forth boys took over and so it went on. The whole event lasted about an hour before Libby was left sitting besides the boys as Casey put on the recording from the night before and we witnessed my wife having sex with Casey. She had been a little embarrassed at first but once she'd given herself to the first pair she'd just let it happen and now she simply smiled as she watched herself being taken by her lover.

Watching it on the screen I was struck just how easily she took his monster cock and just how many times she appeared to climax as they made love. Finally when the boys were excited enough they switched off the TV and started on Libby again. This time she removed the trousers so she was now naked and I watched her small lithe body thrash around as one by one the mounted her and she wound her legs and arms about them. Finally after they'd taken her again she sucked one of the boys erect again and they started over. It was several hours and many, many climaxes later that she finally dressed and we left.

In the car Libby turned to me and asked me if I had enjoyed myself. I said no but she patted my trousers and felt my cock which had been hard for hours and told me she'd seen the tent in my trousers so she understood. Before I could say anything in my defence she added that she'd been reading lots of stories about this type of thing and said that I was officially an interracial cuckold and the fact that I got excited seeing my wife being pleased by bigger, better men was normal. She then told me that to ensure we both gained the most from our new open relationship she'd let me watch her whenever she could and wouldn't hide anything from me `no matter how nasty'. With this statement I fell silent as I was too depressed and beaten to respond.

Libby removed her now very soiled trousers and the skimpy top once we got home then asked me to choose the one item she was going to wear to my parents. I was forced to delve about until I produced a dress which I hoped would cover her without looking too formal. She approved and without washing the cum that coated her body she slipped it on and said she was ready. We left for my mothers but once in the car I realised she now smelled really strongly of sex and sweat plus her hair was still damp from her own perspiration. Despite me pointing this out Libby just said that was fine and so off we went as she fixed her face a little. It was a very embarrassing visit as my wife looked more than a little used and she smelt heavily of semen. When we were finally home Libby made tea for the little ones and then after a short play the children were bathed and put to bed.

That night I was forced to watch the recording of my wife with Casey again this time she sucked my cock until I'd cum twice. All the way through it she kept talking about how big he was and how deep he got. She also told me that Casey had been talking about her having a weekend threesome sometime although I had no doubt that wouldn't include me. Practically every Friday after that Libby dressed up and went out with Casey. She dressed in some really blatant gear including a tiny dress and thong that she particularly liked as the dress is so tight it shows just about everything. A few times in those months I watched Casey take Libby in front of me but thankfully he doesn't particularly like me watching and also likes to wake alone so she rarely stays over.

My wife insisted on playing with me the morning after and telling me in graphic detail how she was driven to ecstasy by her lover and how wonderful it is to feel a big black cock erupting inside her sex. She added she would blow me from time to time but would never have sex with me. However things moved on and by far the worst events have been in the past six months: The first one was when we were invited to Libby's sister's wedding. After a quiet talk to Wendy, Casey was invited as well and sat to one side of my wife with me the other. Wendy seemed to think he was an old friend of mine who I'd insisted on bringing along. She actually lectured me on not considering my lovely wife enough and that I needed to attend to her needs more.

Libby wore a light pearl coloured dress as maid-of -honour only what her sister didn't know as the fact that her sex had been well used by Casey as her bare hole was leaking cum throughout the service and meal after. Once my wife changed at the reception she wore a short green dress which looked really classy only her stockings were the only other item she had on and she flashed her pouting sex at me several times that night. After Wendy and most of the other relatives had left the reception Libby seemed to think it ok to dance with Casey in front of those remaining and of course that meant kissing as well. I didn't know where to turn as people went by looking at me knowing that my wife was in the arms of a black man on the dance floor.

To finish the evening off Libby came up to me and said that since the room was only booked for two I'd best get a cab home. Then she marched me to reception and with Casey's arm still about her waist she ordered a taxi for her husband. Every eye was on the three of us as we stood there then went back to the functions room to wait. A few minutes later a teenage girl, prompted by Libby, came up to us and said with a grin that a taxi had arrived to take her husband home. I was then marched out to the lobby and with a peck on the cheek Libby said goodbye to me in front of probably a dozen people then turned to Casey and said "One more dance before I let you fuck me."  I raced away and sat crying quietly all the way home.

The second and worse change came one Friday; Libby actually dressed as a hooker; stockings below the hem line of her tiny skirt. Semi transparent top, heels, hair in tight curls and more make-up than I'd ever seen. Before she waddled out to Casey's car she confessed that she was really going to prostitute herself that night, if she kept her nerve, as it was one of her recurring fantasies. She was gone until late Saturday when she returned in a taxi looking like a complete tramp (which I guess she was). That night she told me that she'd actually stood on a street corner for a few hours and sold her body to several guys for money. She then, for the first time in eight months said she wanted me in her very open pussy however once I was about to enter her she insisted on a condom and then added that it would cost me 40. I didn't answer but she pulled me into her and we did it although she said when I tried that she didn't kiss clients.

She then added that none of her `other' clients had been remotely attractive but she'd cum every time just thinking about what she was doing with them. She then let me cum inside her for the first time in almost a year, inside the condom that was.

Stupidly I still love her as she is the mother of my children despite the fact that she has become a complete slut for Casey and is now happy (and actually more excited by this than anything else) to prostitute herself for the guy. After the first time she sat me down and told me that she didn't consider us as lovers anymore but if I was willing to pay like her `other men' I could have sex with her when she was `working'. Stupidly I guess I felt this was better than nothing especially as she still shared my bed however these sessions are bizarre because they only occur at the end of an evening when she's already been with other men and she dresses and acts like a pro.

Casey insisted I go out with them to witness Libby at work. It was horrific to see my wife barely dressed chatting to really unattractive men then disappearing with then either in their cars or down a side street to a motel that she uses.

A few months ago she came home looking a little concerned and when I asked her why she confessed that she'd had sex with one of our friends. When I quizzed her further she told me he'd only recognised her once they were in the hotel but had happily carried on and bought her for an hour. I was very upset but she explained that it was ok as he'd have to keep his mouth shut or she'd tell his wife, not that I thought that an adequate deterrent. The Casey infatuation was well into a third year but he seemed very happy to use and abuse Libby and she was still more than willing to fuck him and anyone else he wanted. She had admitted that she got more pleasure from being a prostitute than any other sex she'd ever experienced

As far as I knew her daytime employer and work colleagues had no idea she had this double life at the time and I'm not even sure they knew she'd still been seeing Casey but a month ago Libby sat me down and told me she was becoming a full-time pro rather than the current `hobby'. She then explained that regrettably it meant she would be seeing a lot more men mostly at out house and that her prices were going up. I could still pay for her but she wanted something in return which was my help when she entertained clients. So for the past few weeks men turn up at our house to fuck my wife while I serve drinks, offer condoms and take the money. Of course Casey appears from time to time and they disappear together and he alone shoots his seed into her and of course gets it for nothing.

The children are surprisingly comfortable about it all seeing mummy with lots of friends and Uncle Casey. I just want to cry all the time.
