Emily's Public Adventures 
by mporn595

Emily's Public Adventures Ch. 08 - Emily Cums At The Mall

Emily cums at the mall & makes a discovery about her family.

Emily had a rare mid-week day off. She allowed herself to sleep in and woke up feeling frisky. Emily grabbed her phone off of the nightstand. She watched the video where she and Ryan walked naked in the hotel. She started playing with her clit. She watched the video that Anna shared where Anna and the boys walked naked in the hallway. Emily continued to masturbate going through pictures that Ryan and Anna had sent her. She felt the rush of her orgasm run through her. She lay back and smiled thinking that this was a great way to start the day.

Emily knew that she wanted to do something public today. She just hadn't figured out what. She knew that Brian would be grateful and excited to see her. She was tempted to go to the library but she had done that a few times now and wanted something different.

The doorbell rang. Emily went to the door and retrieved a package left by her front door. She went to the kitchen and found a knife to open the box. When she opened the non-descript package she saw that her new vibrator had arrived. This was the upgraded model that fit into her forced orgasm harness. She was excited to try out the new features. She had already downloaded the app to her phone to control it. She plugged it in to make sure it had power. She found that it was 75% charged. She left it on the charger and took this time to sync it to her phone.

She went through the different settings for the new vibrator. The one that excited her the most was the timed random setting. You could set a specific time frame and the vibrator would turn itself on and off at random times and for random durations. It would also change what it would do. It could change the vibrations from soft to aggressive or the tip of the vibrator would rotate.

Emily thought it might be fun to spend a good part of the day at the mall wearing the vibrator. She had a shower, did her hair and makeup and got dressed. She decided to wear a knee length skirt with a blouse. She didn't want the vibrator to be visible through a pair of pants.

Emily sent out a text to Anna and Ryan.

Emily: I got a new vibrator for my harness. I am going to wear it to the mall today.

Anna: Damn, I am busy ATM but I can come and see how you are doing a bit later.

Ryan: I am working today. I am sorry to miss the fun. Send pics!

Emily: Will do.

Emily: Anna text me when you get to the mall.

Anna: Thumbs up emoji

Emily went to the charger and saw that the vibrator was fully charged up. She took the vibrator to the kitchen and washed her new toy. She retrieved her harness and removed the old vibrator. She installed the new one in the harness. She licked the new vibrator and stepped into the harness. She smiled as the vibrator touched her pussy. She slid the vibrator inside and got the harness fitted properly.

She turned the vibrator on using her phone to confirm that it worked. She felt the vibrator come to life inside her pussy. She smiled and turned it off. She set the vibrator to random for the next five hours. Emily tidied up around the house for a bit and then headed to the garage. She was driving down her street when the vibrator started up for the first time. She was taken off guard but enjoyed the sensation. She was nearly at the mall when the vibrator turned off.

Emily parked and walked into the mall. She headed towards the computer store. She had been thinking of purchasing a new laptop. She was looking at a laptop when a guy in his early twenties walked up and asked her if she needed a hand. Before she had a chance to respond she jumped a little when the vibrator started.

"Yeah, I was thinking of getting a new laptop." Emily said, barely able to keep the squeak out of her voice.

Emily did her best to pay attention to the questions the man was asking her. She gave the appropriate responses and he led her to a specific laptop. When they walked up to the potential laptop the vibrator turned itself off. Emily relaxed a bit and got the specifications of the laptop. It sounded like it would fit the bill. She told the man that she would take it when the vibrator started up again. This time the rotating part started to move. She could feel it contacting her g-spot. She was going to be in trouble if it stayed on for much longer.

"Are you okay?" The young man asked her.

"I'm good." Emily squeaked out.

The man took the new laptop to the front counter and entered her information into the computer. Emily had to put her hand on the counter as she was getting very close to cumming. She focused on her breathing and the vibrator stopped. She was grateful. She paid for the laptop and took it out to her car. She didn't want to lug a box around all day.

There was a line up at the juice bar that she liked. Emily waited for her turn worried that the vibrator would start up again. She was sitting at a table by herself with her smoothie when the vibrator started up again. This time it was moving and vibrating. She was glad she was sitting down. She knew she was going to have an orgasm in the middle of the food court.

Emily pulled out her phone and snapped a selfie. She sent it to the group chat.

Emily: The face of someone who is about to cum in the food court

Anna: I can see that your face is flush. We know that face, hey Ryan.

Ryan: Sorry, I had to pull over. Yes, I love seeing that face.

Emily tried to hold off her orgasm by texting but it wasn't working. She felt the first wave of her orgasm hit. She held her phone tight in one hand and gripped the table with the other one. Emily was able to prevent herself from crying out. She was breathing hard and fast but trying to do it through her nose. She was nearly done cumming when the vibrator stopped. She let out a sigh of relief.

Emily: I came

Ryan: Jealous!

Anna: Me too!

Emily: This new toy is fucking awesome! You guys are going to love it.

Anna: Save some batteries for me.

Emily: LOL will do.

Emily was glad she didn't squirt. The orgasm was pretty intense but she guessed her not vocalizing reduced her orgasm intensity so that she didn't squirt. She wondered how many times she would cum today. She hoped the vibrator wouldn't start up too soon.

There were three dresses put away in a dressing room when the vibrator started up again. Emily was picking out a fourth dress when it sprang to life. She nearly dropped the dress. She took the dress she was holding and made her way to the dressing room. She removed her skirt and blouse. She wasn't wearing a bra so she was effectively naked but for the harness holding the vibrator inside her pussy. Emily looked at her nipples, they were hard enough to cut glass. She rubbed them. They were so hard they hurt.

Emily watched herself in the full length mirror. It occurred to her that she should send a picture to her friends. She got her phone out of her purse. She took a picture while holding one nipple between her fingers. She sent it to her group chat.

Anna: Damn girl!

Ryan: Looking fine!

Emily: Going to cum again

Anna: You go girl!

Ryan: Have one for me.

Emily could feel her second orgasm rising up. She switched her phone to video mode. She started the phone recording as she started to cum. She saw a flush of red on her chest. She had to keep one hand over her mouth to keep from crying out. The vibrator finished before she did. It was like her orgasm had been ruined. She felt a bit frustrated but comforted by the fact that she would probably be cumming again soon.

She sent the video to her group.

Ryan: You are going to make me have to rub one out between runs.

Anna: I am on my way! You look fantastic by the way. I love seeing your chest turn red when you cum.

Emily: Thanks girls. This is fun but I wish you two were here as well.

Emily tried on the dresses she had and found that two looked good on her. She paid for those two and went back to the food court to wait for Anna. Emily got herself a bottle of water and sat in the back corner of the food court. She was in a corner and had a clear view of the food court ahead of her. She liked that no one could sneak up behind her.

The vibrator sprang to life while Emily was taking a sip of water. She nearly spit the water out. She set the water down, determined to enjoy the sensation. Her pussy was really coming alive. The vibrator felt more intense than it did before. She didn't think that it was vibrating harder; she thought that her pussy had gotten more sensitive. Emily looked up to see Anna waving at her. Emily waved back and bit her lower lip.

"Are you about to cum?" Anna asked as she sat down.

Emily intertwined her fingers with Anna's. She said, "I am really close. I hope it doesn't stop on me."

"What do you mean?" Anna asked.

"Back in the changing room I was cumming and it turned off. It ruined my orgasm." Emily said.

"Oh I can see how that would be frustrating but also kind of fun." Anna responded.

Emily gripped her friend's hand tight as she started to cum. She and Anna maintained eye contact as Emily's breathing got erratic. Anna noticed the spot on Emily's chest getting red again. She watched as her friend rode her orgasm. Emily started to twitch once her orgasm was done but the vibrator was still going.

"Oh, I came but it is still going." Emily said in a whisper. She continued, "I really don't want to shut off the program though."

"Would it help if you walked?" Anna asked.

"I don't think I could walk right now." Emily said.

Anna laughed. She saw Emily relax.

"It turned off." Emily said.

"I saw it on your face when it happened." Anna said.

"This thing is really remarkable. The randomness of it makes it fun." Emily said.

"Emily?"

Emily looked up to see her cousin standing beside the table.

"Are you okay? Your chest is all red."

"Yeah I am okay. Anna, this is my cousin Amanda." Emily said to Anna.

"Mandy." Mandy said.

"Right, Mandy. How are you doing?" Emily said.

"I'm good. How have you been?" Mandy asked.

"I'm doing well, thanks. I had the day off today. What about you? Where are you working now?" Emily asked.

"Oh, I am working with my mother now." Mandy responded.

"Fun." Emily said.

"You have no idea." Mandy said with a chuckle.

"Well, I'll leave you to it." Mandy said, turning to walk away. She started to walk away and stopped. She turned back around and asked, "Do you still dabble in photography?"

"I do. Why do you ask?" Emily asked.

"I will have to talk to mom but we might want to hire you." Mandy said with some uncertainty in her voice.

"Okay, let me know." Emily said.

Emily watched Mandy walk away. "A minute sooner and that would have gone very differently." Anna said with a laugh.

Emily laughed at Anna's observation. Emily had noticed the family bathroom at the other end of the food court. She looked at Anna and said, "Do you want to wear it for a while?"

"I would love to." Anna said.

Emily grabbed her shopping bag and took Anna's hand. She led them into the family bathroom. Emily unzipped her skirt and hung it up on one of the hooks. Anna looked at her friend and seeing the harness in place got her excited. She watched as Emily undid the straps, her pubic mound coming into view. She watched the vibrator coated in Emily's cum slide out of Emily's pussy.

Anna got on her knees in front of Emily and put the vibrator in her mouth. She was careful not to let it touch her teeth in case it started up. When the vibrator was clean she moved in closer and gave Emily's pussy a quick lick. Emily moaned and rotated her hips to give Anna better access. Anna moved in tighter and grabbed Emily's ass pulling her face tight to Emily's pussy. Emily's pussy tasted amazing. Her continued wetness for such a long time made her taste better than usual. Anna focused on Emily's clit. She knew Emily had lots of internal orgasms but who didn't love a good clitoral orgasm? She continued to lick Emily's clit. She felt Emily grab the back of her head holding her tight as her orgasm hit. Anna kept licking until Emily pushed her way.

"Holy fuck that was incredible!" Emily said. She continued, "Thank you very much! I hope to return the favour at some point."

"I look forward to it." Anna said.

The harness was still around Emily's knees. It stayed where it was because Emily had spread her legs as far as the harness would let her to give access to her pussy to Anna. Emily moved her legs together. Anna started to lower the harness, the vibrator happily buzzing away. They both wondered when it started vibrating. Emily stepped out of the harness and Anna got off of her knees. They worked with the buzzing vibrator getting Anna to step into the harness. They got to the point where they were going to have to insert a running vibrator but it stopped. Emily parted Anna's pussy lips with one hand while guiding the vibrator in with the other. When the vibrator was half way in Emily moved her thumb to Anna's clit. She played with Anna's clit for a few seconds before pushing the vibrator all the way in. They got the harness secured and lowered Anna's skirt. Her skirt came to mid-thigh. She would have to be a bit more careful than Emily.

When they excited the bathroom the food court had filled up a lot. The lunch crowd starts a bit early here. They were walking around the mall when the vibrator started up again. Anna jumped when it sprang to life. She grabbed Emily's hand and squeezed. Emily smiled knowing what her friend was feeling. They made their way into a furniture store. They were sitting on a very comfortable couch when a sales associate approached them.

"Are you ladies looking for anything in particular?" the sales person asked.

"No we are just relaxing and enjoying this comfortable couch." Emily said with a smile.

"Let me know if you have any questions." The sales person added.

"Okay." Emily responded.

They watched the sales person walk away. Anna jumped again and Emily knew that the vibrator had fired up again.

"Oh wow. It is vibrating and moving this time." Anna said. "It seems to have a better range of motion than the previous model."

"I know. It started doing that when I was talking to this guy about a laptop. It was all I could do to keep up the conversation." Emily said with a big grin on her face.

Anna squirmed. Emily knew that Anna was close to cumming. She looked around and she couldn't see anyone paying any attention to them.

"You are safe to cum here if you need to." Emily said.

Anna laid her head back on the couch leaving her mouth open. Emily watched as small spasms ran through Anna. When Anna picked her head back up she looked at Emily with a shocked look on her face.

"Wow that was so intense!" Anna said.

"I thought the old toy was good but this one is much better." Emily said.

Emily's smart watch lit up with a text notification. She saw it was from Mandy.

"Mandy just texted me." Emily said.

Mandy: If I share something with you do you promise to keep it quiet?

Emily showed her phone to Anna.

Emily: Absolutely

Mandy: Like I mean you really need to keep it to yourself.

This had piqued Emily's curiosity.

Emily: I promise

Mandy: Will you be near a computer at 2:00?

Emily: I can be

Mandy: okay I am going to send you a link

Emily: K

Emily and Anna watched the link show up in her messages.

"Holy shit your cousin is a cam model!" Anna said.

"I had no idea." Emily said. She asked Anna, "Do you want to come back to my place?"

"I wouldn't miss it!" Anna responded.

They walked out to Emily's car. Anna had taken an Uber to get to the mall. Driving back to Emily's house the vibrator started again. This time Anna allowed herself to scream when she came. She really enjoyed being able to let loose.

Back at Emily's house Anna decided that she would keep the vibrator in while they got ready for the cam show. Emily got her new laptop up and running. She emailed herself the link to the webcam site. She wasn't sure how she felt knowing that she was about to see her cousin online.

At 2:00 Emily clicked on the link. She saw that there were four live feeds. She looked and was shocked to see her aunt in one of the feeds.

"That's my aunt!" Emily exclaimed.

"GTFO!" Anna shouted. She added, "It seems you have a dirty family."

"I had no idea." Emily said.

They watched as the two women started their show. They put on a great show. The way that they removed each other's clothing was very sexy and taboo. They didn't actually seem to touch each other but they both ended up naked. They watched as Mandy moved one of the cameras closer to her mother's pussy. Mandy licked a pink vibrator and inserted it into her mother's pussy. Emily watched as her aunt spread her pussy for her daughter to insert the vibrator.

Anna and Emily watched as Maria came. The camera was close enough that they could see her pussy pulse around the vibrator.

Anna had her hand on her breast and she was pushing on her own toy as it fired up. Emily lifted up her skirt when Anna came and started playing with her own pussy. She came at nearly the same time that Mandy did on screen.

On the screen they watched Mandy type into her phone. Emily's phone lit up.

Mandy: You watching?

Emily: I just watched you type that.

Mandy: Did you enjoy the show?

Emily: TBH I did. Felt wrong but I liked it.

Mandy: I know what you mean and I am glad you liked it.

Emily: Did Auntie Maria know that you invited me?

Mandy: Yes, we make those kinds of decisions together.

Mandy: Would you be willing to take pictures of us? We have a Fans site as well.

Emily: Yes, I could take pictures for you guys.

Mandy: Excellent. We will figure out the details later.

Emily: Sounds good.

"That was wild." Anna said.

"You're telling me?" Emily responded. Emily continued, "She's my mother's sister. I grew up with Mandy and her sister."

"Does she look like your mother?" Anna asked.

"No they have different fathers so they don't really look alike" Emily said.

"The vibrator hasn't gone off in a while." Anna said.

Emily grabbed her phone and opened the app. The five hours she had set had passed. "I set it to run for five hours and those five hour are up."

"Ah, okay. I will remove it then." Anna said.

"Let me help." Emily said.

Anna lifted her skirt up and Emily started to undo the straps on the harness. She watched as the vibrator started to come loose. She pulled the vibrator out of her friend's pussy. It was coated in Anna's pussy juices. Emily said, "Looks like you enjoyed yourself." Before licking the vibrator clean. Emily had Anna step out of the harness. She took it to the kitchen and put it in the sink. She went back to Anna who was standing in a daze.

"Naked time?" Emily asked?

"Yes!" Anna said.

When they were both naked they moved into the bedroom. Emily opened her toy chest and the double dildo was lying right at the top. She grabbed it and moved over to the bed.

"I want to use this but I want to taste you first." Emily said.

"Okay." Anna said with a happy smile.

Anna got on the bed and lay down on her back. She spread her legs for her friend. Emily crawled on the bed and spread Anna's pussy. She licked her pussy from top to bottom. Her tongue even ventured down and she licked Anna's asshole. Emily grabbed the double ended dildo. She slowly started to slide it into Anna's wet hole. Emily changed positions and lined the dildo up with her own snatch and slid down on it. When they were touching they started moving their hips. This caused their clits to bump from time to time.

They were both so worked up that it didn't take long for them to both cum. Emily came first; she was so horny she squirted on her friend. Anna brought some of the squirt that landed on her up to her mouth and started cumming when she tasted her friend's cum. They separated and caught the dildo before it landed on the bed. Anna turned it around and they cleaned each other's cum off of the dildo.

When the dildo was clean Emily moved it to the side and started kissing Anna. Their kiss lasted a long time and was very passionate. When they stopped kissing Anna said, "Wow that was nice."

"Yes it was." Emily said.

Emily and Anna moved from the bed to the couch. Watching TV naked seemed like the most natural thing to do. It dawned on Emily that she didn't really know much about Anna on a personal level. She cleared her throat and asked, "Do you have a job?"

Anna laughed, "Not in the traditional sense."

Emily waited to see if Anna would elaborate.

"Long story short? I have a sugar daddy." Anna said.

"If you don't mind my asking, how does that work?" Emily asked.

"I have to check my email every morning by nine. If there is an itinerary then I know that I will be busy and that I will see Roger. He set me up in my penthouse and has money deposited into my account. To be honest I haven't seen him in over three months now. This is the longest I have gone without seeing him. He is an older man who is married. We rarely hook up here in town. He usually flies me to some far off destination. He is a bit of a minute man but I try to make him feel special and he takes care of me in return." Anna looked at Emily to try to gauge what Emily thought.

Emily seemed genuinely curious and asked, "How did this come about? Sorry, I guess I should ask if you are comfortable talking about this."

Anna smiled, "I've wanted to talk to you about this for a while. We've been getting closer and I felt guilty keeping this from you."

"You have no reason to feel guilty. I don't really know how to define what we have but I know I would be happy for you if you walked into my house with a new man on your arm." Emily explained.

"I understand. I feel the same way about you. Well I was working at a small boutique when Roger came in looking for something for his wife. We ended up spending the entire day together. He purchased everything I recommended. It was a great sales day for the store. I found out later that there was only one thing that he gave to his wife, the rest he donated. I knew he was married but we had a connection and I enjoyed when he would come into the store. He asked me out for supper one night and against my better judgement I decided to go. He took me to the fanciest restaurant I had ever been to. He was charming and polite. He asked if I would accompany him to a charity event on the west coast. I took the time off work and the rest they say is history." Anna felt like a weight had been lifted off of her shoulders.

"I wonder why you haven't heard from him lately." Emily said.

"I don't know. I try not to think about it. I worry about him when I do." Anna confessed.

Emily and Anna heard their phones bing. Emily picked up her phone and saw a notification from Ryan.

Ryan: Sup sluts!

A few seconds later a video came through. Emily started the video. Ryan was videotaping the floor mat in her car. It appeared to be wet. She moved the camera to her crotch. Her waxed pussy came into view. She spread her lips showing them how wet she was. She turned the camera up to her face and said, "This was the first chance I had to take care of business."

Emily: Don't get caught

Ryan: Getting caught is half the fun

Emily: True

Anna: I am at Emily's. Are you coming over?

Ryan: I would love to but I work until 10:00

Emily: Text us when you are done. Maybe you can "deliver" some food.

Ryan: If you order after 6:00 there's a chance I will get the order.

Anna: Okay we will try

Ryan: Stay wet for me

Emily: Always

Anna: Kiss emoji

Emily started kissing Anna's neck. She worked her way down to her breasts. She spent some time flicking each nipple with her tongue. Emily got off the couch and got on her knees in front of Anna. She spread Anna's legs, getting a view of her friend's lovely pussy. Emily kept pushing Anna's legs further apart until her pussy lips started to part as well. Emily leaned in and kissed Anna's pussy lips. She spread Anna apart to look at her clit. Emily ran her tongue over Anna's clit. Anna had her hands tangled in Emily's hair. Emily took her time running her tongue all over Anna's pussy. She loved how her wetness tasted. There was a faint metallic taste and she loved it. She went back to Anna's clit.

"Wait, wait!" Anna exclaimed. "I don't want to cum yet. Let me lick your pussy for a bit."

Emily and Anna traded places. Anna wasted no time in worshiping Emily's pussy. Emily could tell that Anna was horny by the way she licked her pussy. Anna had her tongue buried deep in Emily's pussy. As she started to move up Emily grabbed Anna's face and kissed her. She loves tasting herself on her friend's lips. Emily released Anna's face and let her go back to eating her pussy. Emily could feel herself getting closer.

"I have an idea." Emily said. She watched Anna's face come up from between her legs. "Do you want to delay orgasm with the chance that Ryan is able to deliver?"

"I think we can cum now and cum later." Anna said, moving back to Emily's pussy.

"Okay but let's sixty-nine. I want to try to cum together." Emily said.

Anna quickly lay down on her back on the floor. Emily lowered her pussy over her friend's face. She felt the heat coming off of Anna's pussy as she moved down to start licking her pussy. The two friends worked out a system. When one would get close they would do a quick double tap with one hand. If the other person returned the double tap that meant they were also close and it was okay to cum.

Emily tapped double tapped on Anna's thigh. Anna did not return the tap. She wasn't ready yet. Anna slowed down her licking of Emily's clit so that Emily wouldn't cum too soon. A couple of minutes later Anna double tapped Emily's thigh. Emily returned the double tap immediately. Both women licked each other's clits a bit harder. Soon both women were cumming. They licked each other panting heavily as they both came. When they were done Emily got off of Anna.

"Fuck your tongue is amazing." Emily said to Anna.

"You are pretty damn good yourself girl." Anna said with a smile.

They were grateful for Ryan's message. It had broken some tension and gave a nice segue to start fooling around again.

They moved back to the couch and started watching some videos on Emily's smart TV. It didn't take long and it was time to order the food. They placed an order large enough for three people and waited.

They got confirmation that their order would be arriving in thirty minutes.

Ryan: I got the delivery!

Emily: I know you can't stay long, be ready

Ryan: K

Emily had fun tracking their friend on the food app. While she was tracking Ryan she was edging herself closer to another orgasm careful to stay near the edge. They watched Ryan's car pull into the driveway. She hustled up the driveway holding her pants up. Emily opened the door as Ryan got close. Ryan was excited to see that both her friends were naked.

Emily barked out, "Pants off and on the bed."

"Okay." Ryan said, putting the bag of food on the floor. She let her pants fall to the ground. She stepped out of them to reveal that she wasn't wearing any panties. They all hustled to the bedroom. They had Ryan lay down in the middle of the bed. Anna started licking Ryan's pussy while Emily climbed onto Ryan's face. Ryan's tongue was all over Emily's clit. Anna's tongue was all over Ryan's pussy like a woman possessed. Emily screamed out as she came on Ryan's face. Anna felt Ryan tense up and start cumming. Her cries were intense. She grabbed Anna's hair and pulled her face closer to her pussy as she came. Emily climbed off of Ryan's face and Ryan let go of Anna's hair. They all got off the bed in search of Ryan's pants.

"You girls are amazing! I can't believe you did that for me." Ryan said.

Emily responded, "I work early so I didn't think a late night rendezvous would work out."

Ryan was slipping her pants back on, "I undid my pants and was fingering my clit all the way here. I nearly came in the car thinking about seeing you two."

"I did the same thing I was edging right up to when you rolled into the driveway." Emily responded.

Ryan gave Emily and Anna a quick kiss and shot out the door.

"Well that was fun." Anna said.

"No doubt. That was probably the best tip she has ever gotten." Emily said.

"We couldn't have timed that much better." Anna said.

Emily retrieved the bag of food off of the floor and took it to the coffee table. They enjoyed a naked supper. After supper Emily made sure that Anna caught up on the orgasm she missed when Ryan was there. She offered to give Anna a ride home. Anna said she was happy to take an Uber.

As the Uber pulled up Anna looked at Emily and said, "This was a great day. Thank you and make sure you tell me what happens with your cousin and aunt."

"Of course I will." Emily said seeing her friend out.


Emily's Public Adventures Ch. 09 - Naked Hike Leads To More...

Emily and friends hike naked and make friends along the way.

The weather looked to be even better than Emily thought it would be. It was going to be a crystal-clear sky. It would be neither too hot nor too cold. Perfect for what she had planned. Last night she texted Ryan and Anna. She told them to come over in the morning and to be ready to go for a hike. She had done a lot of research and found the perfect spot for them to hike. Emily put together a backpack yesterday with everything she thought they might need. She placed it in the trunk of her car. She told Ryan to park on the street. They would be taking Emily's car.

Emily's doorbell rang shortly before 9:00 AM. She let Ryan and Anna into the house. She gave them a kiss on the cheek as they entered. They were a little surprised to see that Emily was naked.

"Morning ladies." Emily said.

"I love your outfit." Ryan giggled.

"I am glad you like it. Why don't you two get changed as well." Emily said with a smile.

She watched as the two women shrugged and took their clothes off. Once everyone was naked Emily said, "I have an exciting day planned for us."

Anna ran her hand over Emily's ass, "We are looking forward to whatever you have planned."

Emily sat them down at the kitchen table and served them a hearty breakfast. They had a nice time catching up. Emily was glad that Ryan was off. She didn't always have Saturdays off. She wanted Ryan to join them today. Once everyone was done eating and the dishes cleaned up Emily stood up.

"Okay, time to put on what we will be wearing today." Emily said with a smile. She reached beside her and picked up a pair of socks and her runners.

Ryan and Anna looked at each other and smiled. They found their socks and put them back on. Once everyone had their shoes tied up Emily led them to the garage.

"I hope you are okay with a naked car ride." Emily said with a big grin.

"Sure, why not." Ryan said.

"I would follow you naked through downtown if you asked." Anna responded.

They all got into the car. Emily opened the garage door and back out of the driveway. She headed towards the highway. "It will be a bit of a drive." Emily said mysteriously.

"You're taking us somewhere naked?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, but I think you guys will like it." Emily said.

When they were on the highway, they would wave to the trucks that were high enough to look down into the car. Anna noticed one trucker was ready with his camera as they passed. Anna waved at him. Eventually they pulled into a parking lot at the head of a hiking trail. There was a sign up that warned hikers that this was a clothing optional hiking trail.

"You found a hiking trail where we can be naked." Anna said excitedly.

"I did. I packed one backpack. I have three sundresses in there just in case. I have water and some energy bars. I also have some toys in case we want to get adventurous out there." Emily said.

"Oh, this is exciting." Ryan said.

Emily got out of the car. She heard the other two doors open and saw Ryan and Anna step out of the other side of the car. Emily went to the back of the car and opened the trunk. She pulled out her backpack and locked the car. She put her keys in the backpack. The three ladies turned as another car pulled into the parking area. Emily saw the eyes of the guy who was driving bulge. The woman sitting beside him started yelling at him. The car continued driving and left the parking area. Emily guessed that the guy hadn't told his girlfriend what type of hiking trail he was taking her to.

None of the women have ever hiked this trail before so it didn't matter who led. Anna started off towards the trail. Ryan followed behind Anna with Emily bringing up the rear. Emily was enjoying watching the two women ahead of her. Anna was fit but Ryan brought it to a whole other level. Her abs were clearly visible today. Her tight ass bounced as they walked.

They had been walking for about half an hour when they heard footsteps approaching them. There was a fit couple walking towards them. They were both naked. The man was wearing a backpack while the woman was completely naked her bush glistening in the sunlight.

As they got close the man spoke up, "Are you guys looking to hike for a while?"

Anna responded, "We are."

"Just a warning. In a while you will get to a clearing, just past that there is a guy hiding taking pictures." The man said.

"Creepy." Anna said.

"Yeah, we thought so too. We turned around and came back. We were looking forward to a day of hiking." The woman said.

"What side of the trail is he hiding on?" Anna asked.

"If you are walking up the trail, he is on the right-hand side about fifty or sixty feet in." The man said.

"Thanks for letting us know. We will be careful." Anna said.

Emily admired the man's physique and swinging cock when he passed her. He clearly took care of his body.

They walked on for a few more minutes. Anna stopped and turned to face the other two. "I have a plan." Anna said. She continued, "I think once we get to the clearing you two keep walking. I will detour and try to sneak up behind him. Once I give the signal you girls come and help me confront him."

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Emily asked.

"Yes, I think it is rude that he is trying to capture people like that. If he was set up right on the trail and got permission that would be one thing, but we can catch him in the act. I will take his memory cards if he doesn't delete the pictures he has taken without permission." Anna said angrily.

"Should we put the sundresses on?" Emily asked.

"No, I don't think so. I want him to be distracted by your amazing bodies." Anna said with an evil smile.

After walking for a while longer they got to the clearing. Emily and Ryan continued on the trail after the clearing while Anna moved off into the forest. Anna had never mentioned to the other two that she grew up hunting with her father. She knew how to move through the forest with little to no noise.

Anna stealthily moved through the forest. She could see a man in camouflage gear crouched with a big camera. Anna picked up a big stick. She was directly behind him and could see Emily and Ryan on the trail. He was snapping pictures and so focused on the two women on the trail he didn't hear Anna behind him.

Holding the stick high Anna yelled out, "What the fuck are you doing!"

The pervert turned with a shocked look on his face. "Please, don't hit me." He stammered.

Anna could see that Emily and Ryan were making their way to the pervert.

"If you move, I will hit you so hard it will take you a week to wake up." Anna warned.

The pervert put his hands up, his big camera hanging from a strap around his neck.

When Emily walked up Anna said, "Grab his camera." She then addressed Ryan, "You go through his gear and see if he has any more cameras and find any more memory cards."

Emily has the same brand of DSLR as the pervert. She went through the pictures and saw her and Ryan walking. She kept scrolling and found the couple that they had seen earlier. Emily formatted the memory card and then held down the shutter release. She held it for a long time filling up the camera with pictures of the forest floor. She filled up the memory card and formatted it again.

He had two other memory cards. Emily put those in the camera and found that they were empty.

"I am tempted to keep your gear." Anna said.

"Please don't. I promise I won't take any more pictures here." The pervert pleaded.

"Ever?" Anna asked.

"Yes, I promise I will never take a picture here again." The pervert said.

Emily removed her backpack and took out her cell phone. She didn't have any service here, but the camera worked fine. She took a couple of pictures of the pervert.

"We are going to watch you walk down the trail. If we see you look back or if we see you again today, we will be sending these pictures to the police." Emily warned him.

"I understand." The pervert said.

Emily packed up his gear and the four of them walked out of the forest towards the path. When they got to the trail Emily handed him his camera bag. He put it on and started walking down the path towards the parking area. They waited until he walked out of sight to start walking again.

"Well, that was fun." Anna said with a big grin.

"Do you think he will be back?" Ryan asked.

"Probably but not today." Anna said. She continued, "That confrontation has gotten me a bit frisky. If you ladies would like to follow me back into the forest, I noticed a small clearing not too far from where we were."

Emily and Ryan followed Anna back into the forest. After ten minutes they came to a small clearing. The sun was shining, and it looked perfect. They walked into the clearing admiring the tranquility. Emily put her backpack on the ground. She opened it up and dug out a blanket.

"That was some good foresight." Anna said.

"Well, I thought there was a chance we might get a bit frisky on our walk." Emily said.

Anna walked up to Emily and started to kiss her. Emily wrapped her arms around Anna. Ryan walked up beside them and ran her hands over Emily and Anna's butts. Anna moved a leg out. Ryan slid her hand between the two women and cupped Anna's pussy. She slid her finger into Anna's slit and found that Anna was very wet. She pulled her hand back and licked her finger.

The three of them moved to the blanket. Anna got on her back. Emily straddled her face. A shudder ran through both of them when Anna's tongue touched Emily's pussy. Ryan got down on her hands and knees and started licking Anna's pussy. Anna felt Ryan's fingers slid into her pussy. Ryan's tongue combined with her fingers made Anna feel like she was floating. She knew she wasn't because Emily's pussy was resting on her face.

Emily got off Anna's face and started kissing her. She moved down to Anna's breasts taking a nipple into her mouth. She flicked the nipple with her tongue, feeling Anna quiver. Ryan and Emily traded places. Emily went to work on Anna's clit. She slid her fingers into Anna's wet cunt. She could feel Anna start to shake. It wouldn't be long before Anna would be cumming. Emily looked up from Anna's pussy to see Ryan licking Anna's nipple. She heard Anna cry out as she came. She kept licking Anna's pussy as her orgasm ran through her. When Anna's orgasm was done Emily had Ryan lay down on the blanket. She spread Ryan's pussy lips and dove in tasting her friend's fabulous pussy.

Anna was kissing Ryan and fondling her breasts. She would cup each small breast and then pinch her nipples. Ryan was in heaven. She loved being out in nature with a woman licking her pussy and another one paying attention to her breasts. Her orgasm came quickly. She flooded Emily's face with her cum. She came hard feeling spent when she came down from her high.

Ryan and Anna moved Emily to the center of the blanket and went to work on her. Anna moved between Emily's legs and loved running her tongue over the folds of Emily's pussy. Ryan was licking her own cum off Emily's face. The attention proved to be effective, and Emily vocalized her orgasm. She held Anna's face close to her pussy as she came. When her orgasm crested, she pushed Anna away.

Emily exclaimed, "Wow, that was intense!"

"Yes, it was." Ryan agreed.

"That was exactly what I needed." Anna said.

They folded the blanket and put it back in the backpack. Anna offered to carry the backpack for a while. They made their way back to the trail. As they exited the woods and walked back to the trail, they saw three naked men walking towards them.

"Are you ladies lost?" Asked the tallest guy.

Emily turned a bit pink, "Ah, no we were just exploring a clearing through the woods here."

"I am Rob, this is Tony and that is Brian." The tall guy said.

"I am Emily, this is Ryan and over there is Anna." Emily responded.

Emily looked at the three men. They were all over six feet tall, but Rob had to be nearly seven feet tall. Rob had clearly defined muscles all over his body and not a trace of hair on his body other than the short brown hair on his head. His cock hung down in front of him down below his balls. Tony was the shortest of the bunch. He was thicker. He was somewhere between muscular and fat. He had black hair all over his chest. His pubic region was trimmed. His cock rested on top of his balls. Brian was pink from head to toe. He was a redhead with light red hair all over his body. He was much thinner than the other two guys. Emily noticed his cock poking out of his red bush.

"Please to meet you ladies. Where are you all headed?" Rob asked.

"Not sure. This is our first time here. We are just exploring." Emily responded.

"We are headed to the hidden lake if you want to join us." Rob offered.

"Hidden lake?" Emily asked.

"Yeah, it's a lake that isn't on a map. Not a lot of people know about it, so it is rarely busy." Rob said.

Emily looked at Ryan and Anna. They looked like they would enjoy some male company. The group of six started back up the trail.

"Hey, we saw a guy in camo gear with a camera bag hustling down towards the parking area. Did he bother you guys?" Brian asked.

Anna chuckled, "Actually I am glad that you saw him. Shortly after we started our hike, we were warned by a couple that he was hiding in the woods taking pictures of people on the trail. We came up with a plan to catch him in action. I snuck up behind him while Emily and Ryan acted as bait. We found his memory cards and formatted them and sent him packing."

The guys nodded in admiration. "We've heard of a guy who likes to hide up here and take pictures of the nude hikers. I am glad you guys caught him and got him to leave." Tony added.

As they were walking, they started to walk in pairs. Rob and Emily were at the head of the pack. Tony and Ryan were in the middle with Brian and Anna bringing up the rear. Anna had noticed that Brian seemed to be enjoying looking at Emily and Ryan's asses as they walked. He appeared to have grown a bit.

They walked for a while before Rob pointed at a small deer trail that veered off the main trail. "This is the path that leads to the lake" Rob said.

"Lead the way." Emily said. Allowing Rob to walk down the trail first. The alternated guy/girl in single file down the path. Emily wasn't sure how long they were on the path, but she guessed it was about twenty minutes later that they exited the forest and found the lake.

The lake was beautiful. It must have been glacier fed because it was crystal clear and had a light blue tint to it.

Emily heard Anna exclaim, "Holy shit! This is beautiful!"

"We thought you might like it." Rob said.

The guys pulled out blankets out of their backpacks. Emily retrieved the backpack from Anna and laid her blanket down as well.

"Is the water cold?" Emily asked.

"You would think it should be, but I have never found it to be too cold." Rob responded.

Emily sat down on her blanket and untied her shoes; she tucked her socks into the shoes and set them aside. She got up and walked down to the lake. She was surprised that at the edge of the lake it had a small beach. She walked into the water. It was a bit cool but not what she would describe as cold. Emily dove into the water and swam for a bit. She found that no matter how far out she swam she could stand up at any point. Most of the time when she stood up her breasts came out of the water. Occasionally the water was shoulder deep. It was very pleasant.

When Emily walked out of the water all eyes were on her. She looked amazing with the water glistening on her skin. Her nipples were very hard after being in the cool water. She looked around at the people laying near the lake. Ryan and Anna were on their blankets, their legs spread a bit wider than they needed to be. The guys were each on their own blanket. Emily smiled when she saw that she had a reaction from all of them. They all looked like they had chubs.

"See something you like guys?" Emily asked coyly.

"Can you blame us?" Brian asked.

"No, I guess not." Emily said. She turned to Ryan and Anna, "You guys must go for a swim. It is amazingly refreshing."

"Okay." They said in unison.

Everyone watched the two women venture into the water. They watched their cute butts disappear under the water. They both dove in and swam for a while. Emily had moved to the blanket and was letting the sun dry her off. She noticed that her friends were making their way back. She looked over at the three guys and they were watching the girls intently. Emily could see Brian's cock growing every time his heart beat. Emily looked back at her friend exiting the water. They really did look sexy. She couldn't blame the guys for getting hard watching them.

Rather than going back to their blanket Ryan and Anna walked up the guys. They looked down at their cocks. They were all nearly at full mast. Emily saw what the women were looking at and decided to join them. There was no conscious choice about who stood in front of which guy. At that point it didn't matter. They wanted to fool around, and it looked like the guys did as well. In unison the women dropped to their knees. They crawled towards the guys and grabbed a hold of their cocks. It wasn't long before the women were sucking the guys' cocks.

"I wasn't expecting this to happen today, but I am glad we ran into you ladies." Rob said.

Emily looked up at Rob with his cock in her mouth. She gave him a wink and went back to moving up and down his length. Ryan was sucking on Tony. He was clearly a grower not a shower. She looked over at Emily sucking on Rob. Her guy wasn't as large as him but when she looked over to Anna, she could tell that her guy had outgrown the one that Anna was sucking. Anna kept having to stop sucking Brian's cock to pull his red hairs out of her mouth.

The next time Ryan looked over she saw that Anna was bouncing on Brian's cock. She looked over to see that Emily was doing the same thing. She decided to join the group. She lowered her pussy onto Tony's cock. She found he hit her in all the right spots. She was really enjoying riding him. Out of the corner of her eye Ryan saw Emily get off Rob. Rob and Emily got up and started heading towards her and Tony. When they got close Emily lowered her pussy onto Tony's face. Rob stood in front of Ryan. His hard cock was wet with Emily's love juices. While still bouncing on Tony's cock Ryan looked up at Rob and nodded her head. He brought his cock closer to Ryan.

Ryan opened her mouth and started to suck Emily's cum off Rob's cock. She loved the way Emily tasted and tasting her on a dick was fantastic. Brian and Anna wanted to get in on the fun. They made their way over to the foursome. Brian stood in front of Emily. Emily quickly started sucking Brian's cock wet with Anna's arousal. Anna walked up to Rob and started to kiss him. Rob extended a hand and cupped Anna's pussy. His fingers slid into her easily. She was very aroused.

They heard, "Going to cum!" from Tony. In one movement Ryan lifted herself off Tony's cock and let go of Rob's cock. She quickly grabbed a hold of Tony's cock stroking it wet with her own cum. She watched Emily climb off Tony's face as the first rope of cum shot out of his cock. It landed high up on his chest. The next one shot even further. It landed just below his chin. The third one cleared his head. The fourth shot landed right across his face. Everyone could see the shock on his face as the last couple of shots landed on his belly. As soon as he was done cumming he ran down to the water and dove in.

They watched Anna lay down on the blanket. She looked at Rob and said, "I want you inside me."

"Okay." Rob said, getting down on the towel. He slid into Anna feeling her shudder.

Emily looked at Brian and said, "Lay down." Brian quickly laid down. Emily slid her pussy down on his cock. Ryan lowered her pussy onto Brian's face. She was facing Emily. Rob turned his head to see Emily and Ryan kissing. It was extremely hot.

