The Track Bet
by jastes22 

“You’re never gonna catch me, Denise!” Taylor shouted, laughing. She ran incredibly fast down the stretch of rubber track that wrapped around the football field.

“Oh, yeah?” I grunted and kicked into high gear. My legs flew underneath me. I was closing the distance! I stretched my arm, planning on tagging Taylor and running the other way.

I grabbed her shoulder and skidded on my feet to turn. However, the sudden change in momentum threw me off-balance, and I took Taylor with me. We both fell on the floor. Taylor, not expecting the sudden lurch, flew on top of me, nearly face-first into my breasts.

I pushed her off of me. We looked at each other for a moment, and then just burst out laughing. We just laughed and laughed on the ground until our stomachs hurt.

“Alright, girls,” the track coach said. “Time to go. The soccer team needs the field for their own practice. Good work, everyone. I’ll see you all on Wednesday.”

I sighed. I was a popular girl, being on the track team, but all my best friends were on the team, and it was always sad leaving them for a couple of days at a time since I didn’t see them much in school.

“Hey, Dee!” Taylor whispered to me. “Some of us are going to stick around to watch the boys practice. Want to join?”

I grinned, following her to the stands.

“You ready for the track meet in two weeks?” Taylor asked as we started to walk.

“Girl, I was born ready!” I said.

“You’re not nervous? If we win, we’re in the state championship.”

“No, I’m not nervous. I caught your sorry butt today, didn’t I? If anyone should be nervous it should be you! You so slow my grandma could outrun you.”

Taylor’s mouth hung open in mock offense. “You did not just say that.”

I folded my arms. “Yeah, I did, girl. Whatcha gonna do about it?”

“I want to make a bet,” she said.

“Name it.”

“We race each other around the track. 2 laps. Winner gets to strip the loser naked, and then she has to run around 4 times naked.”

Wow. That was quite the bet. She and I both knew that I was the faster runner, but she did better in long distances, so maybe she was banking on that.

“As fun as it would be to watch your sorry butt run around the track naked, I don’t know if it’s a good idea...”

“What, you scared you’re gonna lose?”

I narrowed my eyes. She and I both knew how incredibly competitive I was. “No, I’m not scared. I just don’t think it’s a good idea. Someone could see us, and we’re on school property. We could get kicked off the team.”

“Oh, come on. It’s late. There’s nobody here.”

Some of the other girls overheard us talking about the bet and were joining in.

“You can take her, Dee!”

“It’ll be fun!”

I sighed. I was the team captain, and it would be kind of fun. I thought it would boost motivation for the upcoming race. Besides, I wouldn’t lose. Then, I could either force Taylor to eat her words or extend forgiveness. Nothing would happen. No one would get naked, no one got in trouble, but morale would go up.

“Alright, fine. You're on.”

The girls cheered as they escorted the two of us to the front of the track.

“Aaandd...go!”

We both shot off from our starting position. I got a good lead, and by the time I finished my first lap, I was a good quarter-lap ahead of Taylor. I was so going to win!

And then my leg started to cramp. Crap! I had ran too fast too much. Coach had warned us about this, but in the adrenaline of the bet, I hadn’t been thinking.

I was fine, though. I was running slower, but I just had to complete the second lap before Taylor caught up with me.

But it was going to be tight. I glanced behind me. Taylor was gaining on me, and at a much faster pace than I was comfortable with.

Come on, Denise, I told myself. You can do this!

I rounded the final corner onto the last stretch. The other girls in the team were all shouting, going crazy with how close the race was. I turned my head to see where Taylor was.

Holy crap! She was right behind me! Suddenly, my right leg hit the rubber at an awkward angle, and I stumbled to the ground. I heard the girls cheer as Taylor finished the race.

Freaking crap.

I stood up and walked to the finish line where Taylor waited for me with a huge grin on her face. “Alright, Dee. Time to get naked!”

I blushed. Crap. I had really thought I wouldn’t be in this situation. “Oh, come on. 4 laps is like 10 minutes completely naked. You’re not really going to make me do that, are you? I thought you were joking.”

“Look who’s not so cocky now, girls!” Taylor said. “I was being completely serious. But...tell you what. I’ll only take off one piece of clothing each lap if I get to decide something you have to do during that lap.”

“Umm...okay,” I said. It was better than nothing.

“Alright,” Taylor said. “4 laps. That’s your shirt, shorts, bra, and undies.”

“What about my shoes?”

“Oh, you’ll keep those on.”

I blushed. There was something about wearing shoes completely naked that made me feel even more naked. With your head on top and your shoes on the bottom, it naturally draws people’s eyes to the center where all the private bits were. I did it once when I had the whole house to myself, but I couldn’t do it for more than an hour before chickening out.

"Hmm...what should we have you do first?”
