Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 13 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mfff, MFf, MMf, ff, oral, voy, exhib, non-cons
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
I had been given the job of getting close to one Adam 
Pringle - because he was a slippery bastard who was too 
nasty to live.  He was also a hard man to get access to 
but fortunately his twin children Mark and Kyra were far 
more approachable though I'd unwittingly made a couple of 
poor decisions while trying to build a good cover story.

Through my own carelessness, I was "dating" my foster-
sister Anna and two of the other players from her girls' 
soccer team and ended up taking them all to a spot where 
nude bathing was prevalent if not actually legally 
permitted.  There they each expected me to service their 
needs at some stage during our picnic, an expectation put 
on hold while a couple in their twenties had stopped to 
rest on their way up the gully.  Surprised, or rather 
aroused, to find evidence that we had been intimate, they 
left in a hurry to find a spot where they could "relax" 
themselves.

*********************************************************

Protected with a fresh application of sunscreen, Rosalee 
leaned back against me and listened while I spun a tale 
for her about the nude couple who had passed through our 
private spot.

---------------------------------------------------------

     "You've decided to see what is going on but you know
     that Darren and Marie will be wary of anyone
     climbing up the same way they did.  You make your
     way up the other side of the gully; it's more
     difficult but you don't give up and when you get to
     the top you find there is plenty of cover over that
     side of the pool."

As I spoke I worked my hands over Rosalee's breasts and I 
could see Anna and Hailey were amused by both the story 
and how Rosalee was relaxing back in the fantasy with her 
eyes closed.

     "As you suspected, they have set themselves up where
     they can watch for arrivals but you part the rushes
     carefully and see Marie licking the end of Darren's
     prick.  Her fingers only just reach around it; it
     must have swollen even more and you wonder if she
     can get it into her mouth."

I was using considerable poetic license here as I doubted 
that Marie would have any difficulty at all.  The girls 
had seen it as larger so larger it would be.

     "Marie managed to work her way down the length by
     stretching and relaxing her jaw over and over so she
     was able to take a little more with each try.
     Eventually she had the whole of the head and a
     couple of centimetres further in her mouth and began
     to suck on that since she couldn't easily move her
     mouth up and down.  You parted the plants as you
     leaned forward for a better look at her cheeks
     puckering and Marie must have noticed some movement. 
     Her head turned a little your way making Darren call
     out in pleasure.

     "You ducked back and crawled around the pond to
     another hiding spot as you heard Darren telling
     Marie how nice it felt when she was humming around
     his prick.  But she wasn't humming and when she
     managed to get free you heard her say 'There is
     someone watching over there!'  You were glad you'd
     moved.

     "Darren waded across the pool and you watched as his
     hard prick swung around with each step.  He looked
     through the reeds and told Marie she had to be
     mistaken and you gave a little sigh of relief.  He
     waded back to her and you saw him kiss the side of
     her face before working his way down, first to her
     breasts and then between her legs.  He'd left a
     trail of kisses and was finally licking between her
     thighs.  You were torn between looking at the view
     of his prick hanging down as seen from between his
     legs and wondering how Marie's taste compared to the
     others you had tried."

Those "others" had moved closer together as I had spoked 
and were cuddling relatively innocently as they listened.

     "Suddenly Darren got to his feet and told Marie he
     had something special for her and you watched him
     move towards the rocks.  Marie stood up and looked
     over at where she had seen you before.  She moved
     towards the water and, though she was facing well to
     one side of you, you crouched down carefully so you
     wouldn't give yourself away.

     "There was a sound behind you but before you could
     react a hand covered your mouth and another seized
     your waist.  He was strong; you knew you couldn't
     break free when he lifted you effortlessly and once
     more waded out into the pool.

     "Darren hadn't doubted that Marie had seen someone
     and, hearing your sigh, he had worked out where you
     had gone.  He didn't want to just chase you and have
     you fall down the rocks - at the very best his
     afternoon would be spent getting you medical
     assistance and at worst sitting in a court
     explaining the naked body of a sexy teenage girl.

     "He dropped you at Marie's feet and you fell onto
     your hands and knees.  'You want to watch us?
     Perhaps you should watch a little closer!  Here you
     are love, I've brought you a little sex toy.'

     "What did he mean you wondered.  There was soon
     little doubt!

     "Marie lay back down and Darren pushed your face
     between her legs.  She smelled nice and when your
     mouth collided with her pussy, you tasted her and
     found you liked it.

     "Darren still held you and you asked him to let you
     go.  You said you were sorry and you would do this
     anyway.  He released you but stood by until you
     began to eat his girlfriend without further force.

     "Marie complimented your efforts after a while.
     'She's good Darren.'  He decided to find out for
     himself and reached under to hold your breasts as
     they dangled down."

I cupped Rosalee's breasts to match my words; though they 
were flattened back against her chest in reality, I could 
see she *KNEW* it was otherwise.

     "He enjoyed holding you - there was so much more
     weight in his hands than when he held Marie's tiny
     tits."

I grinned apologetically at Anna and Hailey with their 
mock expressions of outrage.

     "But feeling your gorgeous tits only made Darren
     hotter.  You had interrupted his pleasure so you
     would have to provide it instead.  He moved around
     behind you and began fingering you instead."

I raised an eyebrow in Anna's direction.  Would she be 
interested in adding some further input into the story?  
It was foolish to think otherwise as she excused herself 
with a quick kiss to Hailey and leaned forward where she 
could reach through the water to Rosalee's pussy.

The juices that had collected there had been protected 
from the water and were undiluted; Anna had no trouble 
evoking a smile from Rosalee who opened her eyes briefly 
then dreamily closed them again.  Hailey wasn't about to 
be left out though and moved so she could slip her 
fingers over Anna's rump and into her pussy from behind.  
Since that was out of the water they had no concerns 
about all those slippery juices being washed away.

Which left me wondering where I had gotten to.

     "Darren is behind you and his fingers explore you
     inside as well as out.  Does it feel good?"

Rosalee murmured a barely comprehensible "Yes".

     "Darren thinks you are ready and he knows he is.
     You feel him against you and at first it isn't any
     concern.  He's just resting there and you've felt
     that before.  Then he slowly pushes forward and he
     is suddenly bigger.  It's like three fingers
     pressing all at once (Anna are you paying
     attention?), then four.

     "You try to speak but Marie has you by the ears.
     Any sound you make is muffled by the moans she emits
     as your voice vibrates through her sensitive pussy.
     She only holds you harder against her so that when
     Darren's knob finally does slide inside you no-one
     hears your own moan.  It isn't pain though, but
     pleasure."

Rosalee is moaning and writhing.  What is Anna doing?  
The surface of the water ripples and I can't make 
anything out from this angle anyway.

     "Your cunt is being stretched like never before but
     Darren knows to be gentle and as you become used to
     it all you are aware of is how full you feel.  He
     pushes in a little further and then moves back,
     getting more of your juices around him so he can
     slide in more easily.  The next push has him half
     way in and you're going mad on Marie's pussy."

"Roger?"

Surprised at Rosalee's interruption it was a second or 
two before I asked, "Yes?"

"Could I be going mad on your prick instead please?"

The customer is always right.

     "Downstream we were getting concerned that you'd
     been gone so long so I left Anna and Hailey
     fingering each other and climbed up to check on you.
     I was surprised to see you had joined in but you
     didn't seem in any trouble so I just walked up to
     the three of you.

     "Marie noticed me first and was suddenly afraid I
     would try to hurt her for making you eat her.  She
     backed away leaving you with only Darren to keep you
     amused.  You called me over and covered my prick
     with your mouth.  I was soft and you felt it grow
     and harden.  You began to suck."

"Do it," Rosalie suddenly cried.  "Give me your prick to 
suck on."

That involved a little reorganisation (and a delay to the 
story) but having done so I stood beside Rosalee and she 
eagerly took me in her mouth.  She sucked then released 
me.

"Keep going!"

I was to provide the same realistic effects for her story 
as Anna.

     "Uh.  Darren has realised he's not in trouble and
     has started slowly fucking you again and, each time
     you feel him pressing into you, you suck harder.
     You're getting more and more worked up and though
     you can still taste Marie, you are only concerned
     with the idea of two hard dicks meeting somewhere in
     the middle of you."

Rosalee did try her best to go deeper on me and it seemed 
to be due to something more than just the story.  I found 
out that Anna had four fingers tucked inside Rosalee and 
her thumb worked over her clit as she forced them in 
until Anna herself couldn't stand having them crushed.  
*THEN* Rosalee's cunt was allowed to push them out to a 
manageable level.

It didn't hurt Rosalee at all!  In fact she was getting 
off on it - and so was I, second hand.

     "Darren knew he was coming soon and wanted to hold
     off as long as he could so you came with him.  You
     felt your needs rising and could tell I wasn't far
     away.  It was going to be up to you to try and make
     it happen for all of us together.

     "I told you I was close and you had to decide
     whether to keep going or to use your hand.  You knew
     what would happen either way and decided on the
     option that would make us come at the same time."

I let the story lapse for a while.  Even if Rosalee was 
close to coming she could still choose to change to her 
hand.  She didn't and my heart fluttered - or perhaps it 
was my stomach flip-flopping instead.  I could let 
whatever happen with a clear conscience now I guessed; 
Rosalee *COULD* have changed her mind.

     "You feel me move against you as my needs build and
     you try to grind yourself back onto Darren as well.
     You're certainly making both of us very happy and we
     only hope you are as well."

I felt Rosalee's mouth suddenly change.  She could no 
longer resist the orgasm that had been building for the 
last few minutes.

     "You feel yourself coming and as you do Darren
     begins to fill you.  You've made him come inside you
     and you smirk that you've denied Marie that
     pleasure.  Darren could have fucked his girlfriend
     but he preferred you.  You realise that I could have
     taken her as well and reward me for being faithful.
     You suck harder, bobbing your head and you realise
     I'm going to come too.  You can almost count down,
     three, two (I paused to make the numbers fit), one,
     Nowahh!"

The story came to an abrupt end as I came to an abrupter 
one.  Rosalee swallowed the cum I was sending down her 
throat and her mouth crushed my boner.

Anna gave a final wriggle, inside and out, but knew 
better than I what was best when Rosalee had come.  She 
recovered her fingers and stood, forcing Hailey to stop 
too.

"Come with me," Anna took Hailey's hand, "and we'll show 
them what they missed by going uphill and leaving us 
alone."

---

Anna led Hailey into the shade while Rosalee recovered 
from swallowing a load and having a pretend - or not so 
pretend - donkey fuck.

Neither seemed to have hurt her and she didn't want to 
give my prick back at first, bending down to the water as 
I sat before she finally let go.

"Thank you," we said together before hugging to mutual 
giggles.  Okay, I admit it, I giggled too; it was just 
the moment!

"Want to see what has happened down here while we've been 
visiting Darren and Marie?"

"Okay.  Thank you for coming to rescue me."

"It was definitely my pleasure."

We helped each other up and joined our friendly lovers or 
our loving friends.

Anna had gotten Hailey to lay aligned with her so their 
legs interlocked like two pairs of scissors.

"Certainly looks effective.  You'll have to try later."

"I don't think I could.  Not for a while at least.  I 
have never felt this good this many times before - can 
you just hold me please?"

Holding Rosalee was not a chore and I most certainly 
wasn't about to object to such a reasonable request - 
especially from someone who had just let me paint her 
tonsils without the merest word or sign of complaint.

The way Anna and Hailey were grinding themselves together 
suggested that they wouldn't be able to do it for long.  
I whispered in Rosalee's ears about their pained 
expressions and soon had Rosalee laughing with me.  The 
others paid us no attention.

Anna uttered a series of explosive profanity - "Fuck! 
Fuck! Fuck!" - which Hailey must have simply been too 
refined to copy.  Instead her jaw was clenched so hard I 
was glad my now limp prick hadn't been anywhere near her 
mouth as their pussy rub had started.

"They can't be enjoying that; do you think I should stop 
them?"

Anna's eyes snapped open and she tried to fix what was a 
wavering glare in my general direction before her eyes 
rolled back in her head.

"K'll - - - you!"

It was barely coherent yet the implication was easily 
understood.  They were not in the mood to be teased.

"I think we should let them be.  Come and sit with me."

Rosalee sat sideways between my legs when I found a 
comfortable rock to lean against.  The sun had moved the 
shadows around and spoilt my previous comfy spot.  I took 
a quick look at my watch before settling down for a 
little kissing and cuddling while we waited for our 
friends.

I wasn't sure that I wanted anything more for a while and 
Rosalee had indicated she was satisfied with her day - 
not necessarily a rejection of further advances but 
rather a willingness to accept those already made as 
sufficient.

After what we were watching I doubted Anna and Hailey 
would recover soon.  It then become a question of whether 
we stayed here or saw a bit more of the park.  I had to 
be a little careful not to make it seem we only stayed 
here while *I* wanted sex.

Hailey's voice joined Anna's, urging her that "Now!" and 
"Yes!" were appropriate.  Their arms were a mixture of 
red flesh and white knuckles as they both pulled each 
other tighter against themselves.  Anna screamed and I 
think Hailey matched her.  It was a little hard to tell 
and I was suddenly concerned that we would get a visit 
from either upstream or down.

If Hailey was as vocal she finished before Anna had 
calmed down and then their bodies seemed to explode with 
legs swinging away from each other as they independently 
decided enough could sometimes be too much.

They lay there panting, and I'm sure crying.  All Rosy 
and I could say was "Wow!" - and my traitorous prick then 
proved it wasn't quite dead!

Anna started turning herself around in the sand and 
Hailey met her.  They crawled to lie beside or slightly 
over one another and just clung together.  Anna tried to 
kiss Hailey but Hailey turned her face so their cheeks 
met instead.  I think if Anna had had the strength she 
would have conveyed her hurt.

"Damn!  You know I'm beginning to wish I had a pussy so I 
could try that."

"Mmm, then I'd like a prick - thick like Darren's - so I 
could do you like he did me."

"He's not really that thick, you know."

"Hmm but I would be.  I'd stretch you just like you 
said."

"But then I wouldn't be able to suck on you properly - 
you wouldn't fit."

"You'd suck on me!?"

"Well if I had the pussy and you had the prick it's that 
or let you fuck me until I'm sore."

"I'm not sore."

"*I* would be if you were to fuck me all you liked."

"I guess I wouldn't really like a penis if I had to give 
up making love to you."

"You'd still be making love."

"I meant having you inside me."

"I admit that is quite a lovely place to be."

"You can't come home with me and hide in my bedroom can 
you?"

"Sorry Love."

"You keep saying that.  Do you mean it?"

"What? 'Sorry'?" I teased despite Rosalee's serious 
expression.

"No!  *LOVE*!"

"Of course.  I wouldn't be here doing all these things 
with you if I didn't love you."

"But if you love me how can you fuck Anna and Hailey 
too?"

"Why can't I love them too?"

"Because it doesn't work that way."

"Don't you love both your mother and your father?"

"Yes but we aren't fucking each other."

"I'm glad to hear it.  This started out with me liking 
you and us sharing a little fun.  That was multiplied by 
three and as I've gotten to know each of you I've grown 
to love you too.  Not smart maybe but you don't really 
have control over the people you fall in love with."

I certainly hadn't had the opportunity to before.

I saw Hailey get up and go to the water; she kept wading 
across the pool.  Anna, remaining on the sand, looked a 
little upset.  I watched Hailey energetically scrubbing 
herself with her hands and asked Rosalee to let me up.

"Just for a while love, but I think I need to talk to the 
others for a minute or so."

I sank down next to Anna and saw the tears in her eyes.  
I squeezed her hand gently.

"I think I understand.  Wait a bit."

Then I went and sat with Hailey.

She turned and threw herself at me so she could cry into 
my shoulder.  I let her get the worst out of her system.

"Can I tell you about a person who had been brought up 
believing something and who had then found that she 
wasn't sure it was true?  It left her scared about 
herself, and about what she was going to do because it 
all felt so good and she knew it was wrong."

"I don't know," she sniffed.  "How does it go?"

At least she giggled.

"You liked what just happened.  It might even have been 
better than what we shared."

"Sorry."

"There's no reason to be.  You will always be coming 
across things you prefer to other things."

"But I did like making love to you."

"And I'm happy for that.  I'm happy you liked making love 
with Anna as well and not only just because the two of 
you were awesome to watch - and to listen to!"

"We were a bit noisy.  But I can't... I mean, I like 
boys... well I like you."

"Only like?"

"Okay I love you!  That's why I can't do that."

"But you'd like to though, wouldn't you?  And you're 
confused."

"Yes I would and yes I am.  But I'm not a lesbian!"

"Of course you aren't, though I doubt it would really 
matter if you were provided you could be discrete.  That 
is a label you associate with something good or bad.  
Consider instead just what you felt without trying to say 
what that makes you.  Tell me, why didn't you kiss Anna?  
Does the idea of kissing a girl upset you now or is it 
just Anna?"

We were speaking quietly so there was no risk of Anna 
hearing Hailey's reply.

"Oh no.  I wanted to, that's the problem; I should be 
kissing you."

I can't disagree with that.  "Come on then."

I puckered up, hamming badly, and was still rewarded with 
a kiss.

"You liked that?  You want more?"

Hailey nodded to both questions.

"And you'd like to make love to me?  Not right now, I 
understand."

"Oh yes."

"Then that's good."

"But what if I want to kiss Anna, or Rosalee?  What if I 
just have to rub pussies with Anna again?"

"You don't think you might want to fuck me or eat me or 
have me eat you?"

"Of course I do."

"But you won't when it's not the right place or time, 
will you?"

"No."

"The why would it be any different wanting to do all 
those things with the others?"

"Because if I don't control myself with you, people would 
understand but no-one would understand about me and 
Rosalee or me and Anna."

"Or you and Anna *AND* Rosalee; or you and me and either 
or both of them; or you and maybe someone else?"

"Not someone else.  This is weird enough."

"It is, isn't it; but seriously, because it is so weird, 
you might find someone and something a little saner and 
it could be with either a guy or a girl.  You have at 
least some right to happiness."

"I'm happy - just scared."

"Isn't that when friends help the most?"

"I guess."

"Then why not tell them how you feel and why you're 
afraid."

"But what if they don't understand?"

"Hailey love, they certainly feel much the same about you 
as you do about them and you're kidding yourself if you 
think they aren't worried at least a little as well.  
Come on."

Hailey stood with me and we put our arms around each 
other as we walked back to where Anna and Rosalee now sat 
together.

Hailey fell to her knees beside Anna and hugged her.

"I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I was just so scared.  That felt 
too good and I knew I'd want to do it again."

"I understand.  It was more intense than I had thought."

"But if we want to, how will we ever manage it?  We can't 
easily get here and we can't be screaming like that at 
home even if we dared to do it.  We'd get caught and you 
know that I'd be in more trouble than with Roger even if 
you wouldn't."

"I think it would be 50:50 for me and a hell of a lot 
worse for Roger than for you.  I guess we just have to 
wait for our opportunities."

"Or make your own," I suggested from where I sat with my 
arm around Rosalee.

"How?" asked Hailey.

"Won't that make things that little bit more exciting?  
Working out what you're going to do, providing cover for 
each other, not sure if you're going to be interrupted, 
perhaps caught."

I was making out their worst fears to be a bonus.

"Think of the park.  Anyone could have come along.  If 
they'd hurried in we wouldn't have had a chance to cover 
up.  If they'd taken their time we would still have 
looked suspicious.  Didn't the hint of danger make you 
feel even more alive?"

"Yeah, but..."

"Just take things as they come; avoid anything you think 
is too risky and sneak in what pleasure you can.  If you 
can only have a kiss when you're loading your gear into 
the back of the car, you have a kiss.  If you can only 
tell each other what you'd like to do to them, then tell 
them and both of you 'remember' the conversation later.  
Do you still have sleepovers?  You might not be able to 
invite me but you might be able to have a little fun."

The girls looked at each other.  did they want to have 
their fun without me?  Perhaps not as much as with me but 
Anna and Hailey's pussy rub had essentially been a 
private matter at first - it wasn't as if I had been 
absolutely necessary, or even wanted.

"Should we perhaps think of packing up?  We can still go 
for a walk to the lookout - the short way - if you'd 
like, or we can lounge around here or, if you want, we 
can head home."

That led to some discussion.  Though we hadn't done a lot 
of hiking once we'd gotten here, the idea of climbing up 
another hill after we had scrambled down the rocks, 
climbed the side of the gully, and then followed the path 
down the ridge until it descended to the car park sounded 
like too much work.

Regardless of when we left though, there was one task 
that needed doing and that was the ceremonial dipping of 
the bathing costumes - evidence they had been worn.  It 
took all of thirty seconds accompanied by a little guilty 
laughter.

That accomplished we packed the gear away and then did 
just laze around some more.  I found myself dozing off 
and though I felt sure we were safe, I forced myself to 
clear my head.  If I had to start kissing and cuddling 
the others to keep alert why then it would just have to 
be done!

I started on Anna's belly.  She and Hailey had been 
resting their heads on Rosalee's thigh and belly like and 
erotic letter Pi but Hailey moved across to Anna's 
shoulder so she could watch me.  I made little nips and 
blew on Anna's skin eliciting little giggles; Anna buried 
her fingers in my hair.

By the time I reached her breasts she was aroused enough 
to welcome the gentle attention.  She didn't want 
anything more just yet but her body didn't object to 
being thrilled instead of detonated.

It is only when you get a range of samples together than 
you really get to appreciate what variety there is in the 
female breast.  Not simply size nor even shape.  The 
girls' nipples looked different, reacted differently, 
felt different to the hand, lip and tongue.

The breasts themselves had both firmness and mass that 
was not simply a function of size.  Nipples were 
surrounded by circles of various colour, diameter, and 
propensity to crinkle when stimulated.  I can honestly 
sat that the only preference I felt was for whichever one 
I was caressing at the time.

Having attended to the breast on my side I couldn't 
neglect the other and that placed me conveniently to kiss 
Hailey as well - though not her breasts without leaning 
across Anna.

Hailey met my mouth and challenged my tongue after 
inviting it in.  It was a slow sensual kiss and I found 
myself stirring with the promise it made.  Impossible! I 
thought.  There was no way my body could be ready again 
surely.

We extended that kiss with a series of nibbling kisses 
before I moved from her mouth to Anna's - patiently 
waiting for my arrival.

Anna was a little more enthusiastic than Hailey - perhaps 
as a result of watching us next to her - but it was still 
a case of satisfaction rather than need.  I loved the 
closeness I felt with both girls.

As we kissed, Hailey turned her head and licked Anna 
repeatedly from collarbone to earlobe.  I noticed Anna 
liked this and when our kiss finished I copied Hailey on 
the other side.  Together we made Anna stiffen and when 
Hailey moved from neck to lips to replace me, Anna's hand 
(until then on Hailey's arm) pressed their mouths 
together quite violently.

Rosalee had been waiting patiently herself and my jump 
from Anna's neck to Rosalee's breast was welcome to both 
of us.

I moved from one side to the other, letting my hands 
gather the tit flesh into more significant peaks.  With a 
little effort I could bring both nipples within range of 
my tongue and licked them simultaneously before it was 
Rosy's turn to have her neck scoured and her tongue 
massaged.

Anna and Hailey followed me when I moved up to Rosalee's 
mouth and took over her breasts so she continued to feel 
both nipples being teased at once.  It certainly made her 
kisses more interesting, even chaotic.

I was forced aside before we had finished though and the 
two girls grabbed Rosalee's arms and made her sit up.  
First Anna kissed Rosalee and then Hailey did.  While 
Hailey was still busy, Anna then squeezed in to join then 
in a three-way kiss that was fun to watch.

I didn't have much chance to watch though as Anna pulled 
me in between her and Rosalee.  There is enough room for 
four faces to just get close enough to have tongues in 
spirited contact all round but shoulders make it 
difficult - three really is a practical maximum.

I stood on my toes and bent my head down but that didn't 
really work either.  I considered the physical problems 
to a nonsensical activity.

"Hang on.  Hailey, come here please."

I lay down and got her to lay on top of me - a most 
pleasant experience in itself.

"If you two would like to lie on your sides with your 
feet in the opposite direction to ours this might work."

While they got into position Hailey and I practised some 
more on our own.  I think that spurred the others on so 
they weren't missing out.

Kissing someone when upside down is yet another 
experience that feels quite different.  Having *THREE* 
tongues to play with and which are actively playing with 
the others as well is like a box of puppies all 
scrambling over each other - if the puppies were 
hairless, legless and wet and slippery; and fitted in 
your mouth.

Okay!  It was nothing like a box of puppies *EXCEPT* how 
they scrambled over each other.

The whole time, Hailey was staring into my eyes and her 
expression was far different from the worried young lady 
of a little while ago.  I didn't doubt that she, and the 
others, would have second, third and fourth thoughts 
about the wisdom of fooling around with each other but 
they might not get as stressed over it.

Hailey was no longer stressed at least.  Well I assumed 
the way she had trapped my penis between her thighs and 
was moving one leg at a time to massage it was an 
indication she had relaxed - if I couldn't.

We ended up breaking into laughter and I turned to give 
Anna a personal if inverted kiss then turned the other 
way to do the same with Rosalee.  Of course I had to wait 
for Hailey didn't I.  *AND* they decided not to come up 
for air for a considerable time.

I learned a little more about kissing then, not so much 
technique but rather how it would be to be a conjoined 
twin forced to live cheek to cheek with your brother or 
sister and to feel their jaws moving against your own.  
Of course, if it were ever possible to have brother and 
sister joined, dating would be a very interesting 
experience.  I suppose the same would apply if one were 
straight and the other homosexual.  An interesting case 
for the nature vs nurture debate.

I told you they didn't come up for air - I had time for a 
lot of weird thoughts!.

Hailey finally let me kiss Rosalee but she didn't wait 
around for another herself.  Crawling backwards, she 
didn't leave a trail of kisses as I had done but instead 
dragged Anna with her (quite willingly) to where they 
could attack the prong that Hailey had kept hard.

Between my legs Hailey could lick from ball sack to the 
tip poking out of my foreskin.  At the side Anna had only 
a slightly lesser range.  I finished my kiss with Rosalee 
and asked, "Aren't you going to join them?"

Rather selfish of me actually, lying back and letting 
three young ladies caress my rampant member while I just 
watched.  Three tongues on your dick with up to six lips 
as well is a treat not to be quickly cast aside however 
and Rosalee was quite prepared to do her part.  It was a 
generous gift and I would not have wished to have hurt 
their feelings by refusing.

They worked together at the sides for a while then 
Rosalee shifted a little higher and covered the end with 
her mouth for a second.  Hailey copied her once Rosalee 
was clear and Anna followed when it was her turn.

I ended up with two girls kissing each other around the 
base of my prick while the third made sucking noises at 
the top.  None of that observation represented a 
complaint.

I knew I was going to come and gave as much warning as I 
could.

"Let's watch it go off," suggested Hailey.

Rosalee and Anna were quite happy to comply with her 
wishes and I had no say, not that I really wanted to 
argue.

"Tell us exactly when," Anna instructed - surer of my 
ability to do so than I was.  I'm pretty sure I could 
shout out "I'm coming" just before I did but probably not 
soon enough for whoever was in the firing line to react.

The alternative was to have them stop too soon and then 
have to build up pressure again.

It was Anna who finished the count down, blowing me 
properly and ending up in time to add "Ignition" and 
"Blast Off" from a safe distance.  Really it was more 
like "Ready, Aim, Fire!" with her fast reflexes getting 
her out of the way of any bullets since my prick wasn't 
actually launched.  Instead, cannon-like and elevated to 
something around 60, it shot round after round in the 
direction of my chest - much to the delight of the 
spectators.

The marksmanship wasn't too good; placement was hopeless 
with no two shots hitting the same target and the range 
steadily decreasing after the first two rounds.

The girls apparently considered it a success though as 
they hauled me up and into the water where they 
energetically washed all traces from my body.

"I hope I'm not being silly but if we're sitting in the 
water couldn't your cum get inside us and make us 
pregnant?"

"It's not at all silly Rosy - think of how fish and frogs 
reproduce.  The only difference is that they put their 
eggs out into the water for the sperm to contact.  Your 
eggs are a bit better protected since your lips would 
stop any water easily getting up inside you.  If you had 
a blob on your finger and pushed it up inside then you 
might get enough sperm in place to make it more likely 
one would get through.  I have no idea whether human 
sperm can live in fresh water long enough to survive the 
trip from my chest to your finger to your pussy but I'd 
suggest you don't really want to conduct *THAT* 
experiment."

The girls subsequently seemed more fastidious washing 
their hands than they had my chest.  Sand from the bottom 
of the pool was used to scour them and they closely 
inspected front and back to check for any signs, giving 
me an inspection as well.

When we had dried off it was closer to when we should 
leave.  Though we could take it easy on the way home 
rather than rushing to meet our curfew Hailey expressed 
the feelings of us all.

"I don't really want the day to end!"

"You *COULD* sleep over," suggested Anna hopefully.

"Not on such a short invitation.  My Mum and Dad would 
need a couple of days to consider what I could do wrong 
so they had an adequate list of dos and don'ts to give me 
first."

"They'd end up in the guest room," I pointed out.

"No.  That wouldn't be any fun - at least for anyone but 
Rosy and Hailey!  We'd have to camp out in my room after 
watching movies until 2:30 in the morning."

"I'd have to be up to go to Mass."

"You couldn't miss once?"

"I'd have to go to confess all my lustful thoughts."  
Rosy was grinning.

"You'll be in the confessional until the following 
Sunday," I countered adding, "Well if we call your 
parents perhaps you can both at least eat dinner with us 
and I can take you home later more like when you would be 
getting home if we'd gone out in the evening."

"I like that idea," said Anna.  "Would you like to stay 
for dinner?"

"Your mother won't have enough ready."

"It's Saturday so things are going to be informal.  If we 
call we can pick up pizza or something on the way."

"Okay then."

"There is only poor reception here - we'll do it once 
we're on the way."

The idea of spending the evening together, even with some 
parental supervision, spurred us on and we were soon down 
at the lower level.

I had thought I showed no signs of our activity - 
certainly my body parts showed no redness or swelling 
from overuse.  What I didn't consider was the fact that 
it also showed no sign of rigidity!  In a naked teenage 
boy approaching naked females it was almost proof 
positive.

That of course must have led to speculation amongst those 
still lying in or around the pool.  We were certainly the 
object of much interest and probably had been a topic of 
conversation for them after we had passed through the 
first time.

Some of the men grinned at me as I trailed after the 
girls - provided their wives and girlfriends were not 
watching them.  Some of the women gave appraising stares 
- providing their husbands and boyfriends were not 
watching *THEM*.  (Were they considering the significance 
of "its" limpness or looking for signs of the cause on 
the girls' bodies?)

Dressing in front of them seemed odder than stripping off 
had; we had been joining their nude state before.  We 
nodded to them as we headed off and a couple waved.  I 
have to assume the call "Come again" was only intended as 
a friendly invitation.

This time I got to carry the heavier items - it said a 
lot about the girls' more limited interest in further fun 
and games.  However, a more limited interest didn't mean 
none whatsoever and I got lots of kisses and hugs as we 
made our way down the other side of the ridge.

The car was safe as expected and we stowed out things in 
the back before having a look around the larger lake.  It 
was always useful to be able to say you'd seen someone 
and to be seen by them when you were behaving properly.

Hailey did see someone she knew and so for a minute or so 
we walked arm in arm to satisfy her need for public 
recognition then, a bit further on, Anna saw some people 
and I walked with Rosalee to *AVOID* public recognition.  
Anna at least appreciated this course of action now 
though I know we both found it frustrating.

Back at the car a second time, there was a universal 
interest in sitting in the front.  I myself wouldn't have 
minded occupying the back seat with one or even two of 
them - it didn't matter which ones.  I better appreciated 
Mark's complaint now.

"We have a good drive back; how about I stop and let you 
change around after maybe fifteen minutes?"

"It's going to take longer than forty five minutes to get 
back home!"

"Yeah but you might want to use the last stretch - when 
there are going to be more cars around - to get yourself 
straightened up."

They were all quite prepared to get untidy on the way so 
this made sense - at least compared to the confusion over 
who should be in what order.

I found some suitable grass, broke it into three lengths, 
and held them in my hand.  "Long straw is first, short 
straw last - that way you aren't tempted to break any off 
- okay?"

I offered them left to right and Hailey came up with the 
longest straw while Anna would be my final companion.  
No-one minded.

Anna called home on my phone from the car park.  "We're 
heading home soon and I wanted to know if Rosalee and 
Hailey can stay for dinner if it's okay with their 
parents?  We were thinking we could pick up pizza's on 
the way and Roger could drop them home later.  Okay.  
Yes, they are going to call now.  Yes, we'll still be 
home before dark.  Bye Ma.  Thanks."

She handed over the phone to Rosalee and I started the 
engine.

*********************************************************
