Mike slept deeply next to her, but Tina knew that he was sleeping anything but peacefully. She could see it in his body, in how tensely his muscles were pressed together, in the way that his eyes were shut, painfully tight. Everything about her Mike was tight and scared. “I’m so sorry baby,” she said softly, running a hand over his cheek. She bit her lip and closed her eyes, tears falling freely. She couldn’t help cry like this, when she knew that they had broken her baby, all because of her actions. She leaned up into his shoulder, curling her body up on the side of his. “You know that I love you though, and that I can’t stop. I can’t.”

She tried to rest, exhausted, but she couldn’t. She found herself just watching Mike, wishing that she could do something to alleviate his pain. He was in so much pain, she could tell. Her fingers traced lightly over his skin and she kissed his neck. He grunted, turned around and when he opened his eyes to look at her, there was agony there.

“Mike,” she whispered softly. “How did you sleep?”

“Very well Miss,” he said dryly.

“Please don’t call me that,” she spat out, though she knew that it wasn’t his fault. “I cannot stand you calling me that. I might have paper rights to you Mike, but nobody has rights to anyone else’s body or soul. I do not own you, okay? I do not and will not own you.”

Tina could not help the conflict that struck her in the heart, the minute that she and Mike looked each other in the eyes. She loved Mike and would continue to love him forever, because that was what her heart felt and Tina had always sucked at being honest with her heart, but she knew that her love had hurt him. He would not be this broken shell if she had not loved him as much as she did. Of course, she corrected herself, he would have been a miserable slave, owned by a woman who didn't love him and just used him as a sex toy - the woman that she had been.

"Mike, I know that my love for you is not good for either of us, but what can I do about it? I love you. I love you so much that the only thing that gets me through the day is the fact that I'm going to go home and see you standing there in front of me. My heart positively aches when you're in pain and I want to kiss you every single second. The last two weeks, not knowing where you were or what you were going through have been hell. I love you so much that I want to stand on a freaking building and scream it out. I love you."

She inhaled, the confession cathartic, lovely. She could not explain how much she felt for the boy in front of her, but that had been a close attempt. "My life is for us, Mike," she said. "I need to be where you are. I fucking love you."

Mike stared at her, his expression blank. He was so broken down inside, so delicate that Tina wanted to do anything in the world, sacrifice everything in the world in order to make him strong and see him smile again. He did say something though, something that she desperately needed to hear, to remind her that broken or not, this was still the same boy she had lost weeks ago.

“I love you,” he said weakly. “I don’t want to deny it, but the things, the things that have happened Tina…they terrified me. I’ve never been so scared in my whole life and for awhile there I was so convinced that it was loving you that was doing this to me. I’m so in love with you it hurts…but we’re only going to get hurt even worse with this love. Our lives are going to be at risk, constantly, because of the love we have.”

“Am I horrible?” she asked. “Am I really horrible for leading to your suffering and yet still wanting you to love me?”

Mike chuckled, darkly. “I never want you to know what happened, over the past weeks,” he said softly. “But then again, what the hell am I so scared of? Torture, or the endless torture of never getting to touch you again. I am so stupid-“

Tina leaned close and pressed her lips to Mike’s in a firm and determined kiss. “You are not stupid,” she said, her lips still lingering less than a half inch from his. She kissed him again, more heatedly and he cupped the side of her face, pulling her into a kiss. She moaned, kissing him deeply, lips brushing over his, tongue trailing over his lips. She slid up close, careful not to disturb his injured body.

“Tina,” he whispered, very low. “I missed your body so much. I know that it was no time at all, but it just dragged and all that I could do to keep my head together was think about our bodies pressed up close to each other, you whispering my name. I…I don’t know what the hell we’re doing but please…please can I?”

Tina nodded, tears in the corners of her eyes as he pulled her top over her head. She shook her head to get the hair out of her eyes and pressed herself close, groaning as Mike’s hands ran over her arms, up her shoulders and then back down, over the curve of her breasts, onto her stomach.

“I just wanted to touch you.”

Mike rubbed his hands over her skin in a gentle, delicate way, as if he were trying to remember every curve of her body. He slipped off her skirt, leaving her in her bra underwear.

“Can I?” she asked, tugging at his shirt.

He hesitated for a moment and then nodded. She pulled up his shirt over his head, very delicately making sure not to touch the fading wounds with the fabric. “Good, good,” she whispered, holding onto him by the hips. She tugged down the pants he was wearing and left him as undressed as she was. She kicked the clothing aside, seriously determined for nothing to be there, except for she and Mike.

She reached back and undid her bra, adding it to the pile. This lead to Mike touching her breasts; squeezing, tracing, exploring every inch of her. It was sensual and made Tina’s entire body heat up, right to her core, but at the same time was also very sad. Mike seemed to be trying to memorize her body with his fingers, as if he was never going to be able to touch it again.

She did the same to him, fingers roaming over his abs, up his chest. “Make love to me,” she begged.

They both discarded their underwear and Mike crawled backwards against the bed. Tina crawled up to his level and ducked down to bite at that spot in the crook of his neck that drove him crazy. He moaned, a little animalistic, a little desperate and filled with love. Tina bit that spot a little harder, grinding down against him, feeling him get hard against her thigh.

She crawled up his body, straddling his thighs, and sunk down on him, but it was not like any other time Tina had taken control, been on top. In fact, she immediately moved them to their sides, so that they were staring into each other’s eyes. She kissed him, immediately as he started thrusting inside of her, and she started bouncing to meet the thrusts of his hips.

It felt so good, so emotional and she was his all in that one moment. She leaned up so that she could reach his lips and kissed him. Faces pressed together, she could feel tears on her face as they kissed, Mike coming close to orgasm fast. They weren’t hers, they were his, but by the time he came deep inside of her, she was crying too.