Creampie Wife story

As told to me by a creative and gorgeous married woman:

My husband fucks me every night. But I don't allow him to ejaculate every time.

I didn't allow him to penetrate me before our wedding night. When we dated, I taught him how to eat pussy and lick me to orgasm, and I also gave him intense ejaculations by hand, or by having him pump his member between my legs.

It never took him very long to cum, which is why I insisted on my orgasms first. He nearly always ejaculated profusely, which gave me a thrill when I would hold his spurting member in my hand and see the splatters of sperm shoot into my hand or on my legs. I could only imagine what his ejaculation would be like when, in the bridal bed, I would finally allow him to penetrate me. After my orgasms from his mouth, of course.

I had some ideas to make things even more exciting, but those would have to wait until after the wedding night, and I'd have to work on them at the right pace.

It was two weeks before the wedding. We were both naked on my bed. I had asked him to refrain from ejaculating for five days, and he had honored my request. He had given me three orgasms from licking my pussy. His cock was purple and hard, and he had seeped a lot of pre-cum.

"Please, Kath! Can we?"

Truth be told, there were a few times I had nearly given in and surrendered to intercourse. Still, I was determined to hold out until we were in the bridal bed.

"Get the butter," I replied. He knew that meant the answer was no, but he would still have some release. He rubbed butter on the insides of my legs close to my pussy. Then I squeezed my legs together and said, "Pretend like you're fucking me!"

He gave a blissful sigh as he nestled his cock between my thighs and began to pump. I felt his wanting, his excitement, his urgency, and it made my pussy wet. About a minute of thrusting, and he spurted uncontrollably. The bed shook as he twisted and plunged. Then a satisfied sigh. I giggled.

He was still aroused, and wanted to fuck me. I had him wipe the sperm from my legs and had him eat my pussy and give me another orgasm. Then I put butter on my hands and slowly teased his cock to an erect state, and pumped until he ejaculated again.

"I'd like you to keep from ejaculating until the wedding night. It will be so much more pleasurable for us both. Will you commit to that?"

"Oh God, Kath, I don't know... You can have orgasms anytime, but I -"

"I'll refrain too, my dear. It won't be easy, but I'll do it. Will that make it easier for you?"

He said yes. I knew I wouldn't be able to tease him much during that time, or he might give in to his impulses. No, I wanted him to wait the two weeks. My pussy would get wet enough just thinking of his struggle to deny himself release until the wedding night.

I thought of that a lot during the busy days leading up to the wedding. Many times I felt like bringing myself to orgasm, but I kept my word. It was all the more stimulating to me knowing that, however difficult it was for me, it was far more difficult for him. I bet he thought day and night about how much he wanted to experience intercourse with me.

The wedding finally took place, and he looked like he was at the end of his endurance on the way to the hotel. He asked me if I refrained from orgasm and I told him yes. His relief was delayed by our having dinner prior to using the bed. And it was during dinner that I let myself tease him flirtatiously. He was clearly aroused, as was I, and being so close to promised release made his anticipation more difficult to bear.

In the bridal suite, I had him watch me as I removed my shoes and panties. I had my wedding dress on, and pulled the top down to my midsection to bare my breasts. Then I told him to get undressed. I knew his cock had been seeping for some time, and there was a distinct wet spot on his briefs as he removed them.

"Kath..." he whispered shakily.

"Give me two orgasms first, and then you may enter me," I said as I got on the bed. In no time, his mouth was fervently attending to my pussy, and because I had not had an orgasm for two weeks, I quickly crested. A few minutes later, with more of his mouth and tongue work, I had an even more intense orgasm, and freely filled the bridal room with my gasps of orgasm.

I put my hands behind my head in an inviting and open pose, and said, "Enter me now."

"Oh, Kath!" he whispered as he plunged into me and began to pump in and out.

"Does that feel good?" I asked.

"Yes, Kath! It feels so - Oh God! I can't help it!"

I giggled as he spurted and spurted. Afterward, I knew he was disappointed. While the pleasure of ejaculation was intense for him, he wanted to experience the pleasure of intercourse, the sweet probing and thrusting, the look in my eyes as I accepted a part of him inside me. He wanted to feel his chest pressing against my breasts, and hear my moans of pleasure as he plunged his hard cock inside me, over and over.

I knew all that was going through his mind as he panted after spurting inside me. He became erect again in a few minutes, and I had him finger me to orgasm before entering me. I thought he would last longer, but he still ejaculated after only a minute or so.

That first night, I let him fuck me as much as he wanted, as long as he stimulated me to orgasm at least once each time. On the second night, before we got into bed, I told him I wanted intercourse to last longer before his ejaculation, and suggested that he pull out and cool down when he felt he was close to spurting. I have a sensitive pussy, and I can tell when a man is getting ready to ejaculate. I told him that prolonging intercourse would give him immense pleasure, and that if he could keep the sensation he felt before letting himself spurt, it would ultimately be far more pleasurable than a quick cum.

He tried hard, and the second time he pulled out, he was too close to ejaculation and spurted on my hips. I told him I wanted him to lick up his sticky mess before we went any further. He balked, and it took about fifteen minutes to get him to do that. It turned me on immensely to actually see him licking up his spunk. And I had an easy orgasm when he later stimulated my pussy.

Over the next several nights of our honeymoon, I had him practice pulling out when he was close to spurting.  I told him I wanted him to be able to pull out six times before his ejaculation, and every time he couldn't, he had to lick up his mess. That gave him motivation, but he still licked up a lot of sperm before he finally succeeded. I have to admit that it was greatly arousing to see him struggle to hold back his ejaculation, and to feel the splatters of cum when he lost control, knowing that he'd have to lap up his sticky mess.

After our honeymoon, I played games of orgasm denial with him, and put a cock cage on him for a few hours when he pulled out. He admitted that the constant feeling of wanting was in fact a good feeling, but made it hard to think about anything else. I told him to accept that feeling and welcome it, since he was prolonging the pleasure of intercourse.

Then I sprung the trap.

I told him that, henceforth, he was to give me a total of one hour of intercourse and I would allow him an ejaculation inside me, and as a reward, he would have unhampered access to my pussy for the rest of the night. He could, for example, fuck me for ten minutes one night, pull out and wear the cock cage, and fuck me for, say, fifteen minutes the next night, and so on, until he had spent a total of an hour inside me in intercourse.

I also said that if he gave in and ejaculated before he had fucked me for an hour, he had to eat my sperm filled pussy and his next ejaculation would be earned by extending the hour by the amount of time he ejaculated early.

That plan worked perfectly. It aroused me no end knowing that his nuts constantly ached for me, yet he knew that he had to gain control over his impatient cock.

It took a week for him to come close to earning his next ejaculation. I knew that as each day passed, he was more desperately aroused than the previous day. He ejaculated ten minutes early, and I have to say that when he licked his sperm from my pussy, my orgasms were stratospheric.

He brought his resolve to the fore, and truly earned his next ejaculation after providing me with an hour and ten minutes of intercourse over the following week. He fucked me four times that night, and we both greatly enjoyed it.

My appetite for having his mouth on my pussy after his profusely spurting inside me, was not satisfied, though. I told him that once he earned his next ejaculation, if he would eat the creampie from that and his other ejaculations through the "reward night" I would subtract five minutes from the next hour of promised intercourse.

That gave him motivation to properly earn his ejaculations, and gave me the deliriously intense orgasms I had craved.

-----
This story is copyright 2011 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
