

 


How I served my wife- 3 Aug 
How I served my wife 
Jeevan< jeevan80@yahoo.com> 
HI again. I am getting a lot of response for my stories on this homepage. Thanks to you all who keep me going. The more you interact with me the better I write for you all. Many husbands and even wives have sent me some of their intimate experiences for sharing it with you all. One such husband was Ashok (dont know real name). he wrote me their experience with other men while he watched and the wife even treated him as cuckold and humiliated him. He loved it all and they are very happy with the arrangement. Here it is 
My wife Anita and I have been married for almost eleven years. I am thirty-five and she is thirty-two. We met at our college when we were studying. She was a B.A. student and I was doing my B.Sc. We got married soon after finishing our post graduation and getting stable jobs. Early in our marriage, our sex life was great. Anita is cute but not gorgeous. She is 54 with brown hair and brown eyes and very intelligent. She has medium sized boobs, long nipples, sweet little choot and fleshy ass. When we first met she was thin, but over the years has put on a little weight. She certainly is not fat, but she probably has an extra 10 Kgs although she does exercise to keep her body trim. By the way, I am 57, athletic and muscular but not well endowed. (I have a five-inch-cock). 

During the last five years our sex life really went to pot. Pressures from work for both of us were certainly an issue. I am sure a lack of communication was another issue. I started to masturbate more frequently while going to sex sites in which I read many stories about wife watching, sharing and even cuckold. I always fantasized about watching my wife get fucked by other men while I watched. I brought up my fantasies with Anita early in our marriage, but she never seemed receptive, so I stopped bringing it up. 
When I log onto the internet, and go to adult sites as wife lovers, I usually delete my history and my temporary internet files from my desktop as to not leave a trail. About two months ago, I must have slipped up because when I came home from work she was sitting at the monitor at wife lovers reading the stories and looking at photos. I was mortified and embarrassed because I was busted. 

I could tell she was really pissed off. She asked me if I spent my time jacking of on stories and photos of men sharing their wives. When I admitted to everything she started laughing at me. She told me that she wanted me to sleep in the other bedroom for a while. That evening after I was in bed and I heard her call me in the master bedroom. When I walked in she was on our bed fucking herself with a big cucumber. She told me to sit down and watch. She asked me if this is what I liked. I couldnt believe what I was witnessing. As she worked the big cucumber in and out of herself she made fun of me. After watching her for a while I tried to touch her, but she wouldnt have it. She insisted that that I jack off in front of her. I obliged her request. After I came, she told me to go back to my room. She even abused me for having such a small cock. Your lund is useless for me now and I have to use these things to fuck my choot. Do you like to watch me getting this in my choot? 
YES I love to watch you getting off Sarika! I love the way you struggle for climax. Ohhh I would love to see some big lund fucking you. Even two! Ohhhhh! See I am hard again. And looking at my hard cock she allowed me to fuck her tits but not choot. She made me rub my come all over the boobs and then lick it clean. First I refused but then she told me that it was my duty of cleaning up the come. I did clean it then. I loved the taste of my own come but I wondered how I would clean others come! 

A few days later, we talked about my reading wife stories and all and she said she was going to start screwing other men for me. I didnt know what to say. I was torn - I wanted it to happen but I was also nervous. Anita said there was a guy, Madhavan, who worked in the accounts dept (as peon) at her previous employer who always was after her. While she said he clearly wasnt her type (not educated or professional) she had always wondered about how he was in the bed. Anita said she was going to contact him and ask him over. I agreed. When Madhavan arrived 
at our house on a Saturday night, I couldnt believe that this was going to happen. I was extremely nervous. I was surprised when I met Madhavan, he was huge and dark and a little rough around the edges. He must be 63 and 220 pounds and all muscle. I weight train, but I had nothing on this guy. As it turns out I really liked him, he was a nice guy. 

After having a few whiskies, we went upstairs to the bedroom. Madhavan told us that I could watch and do what Anita wanted me to do, but he also wanted private time with her as well. Before I could say anything, Anita replied No problem, dear. I was hurt, but my lund was pulsing in my pants. Anita told me to sit in a chair we placed in the room and to keep my mouth shut. She also said that I had to do what she said or I would be excluded from the encounter. 

Madhavan told her to come over and undo his pants. Anita got down on her knees and unzipped his pant and slowly pulled out his semi-erect lund. It was really big. I dont know his measurements,(may be about 9) but I was stunned. Anita started kissing and licking his lund. It was long with big red knob. The veins on the lund were prominent and it seemed to be swelled with Anitas licking. She asked him to patient as it has been a long time she has had sex with anyone other than me. After sucking his cock for a while, she looked me right in the eyes and asked me if I was enjoying myself. I didnt respond because she looked down at me holding my hard lund and smiled. 

Madhavan put Anita on the bed and looked me directly in the eyes and smiled as he slowly put his big lund in her.  Come on Ashok! Watch this big lund of mine going in your wifes small choot. You wanted to watch so go ahead and look at this. She moaned like never before and started laughing. She told him,  Your lund is better and bigger than my husbands. It makes my choot feel full of solid meat. My hubby has very small lund and I just cant feel him fucking me. This is better. Come on fuck me! Chodo muze! Ohhh! Dekho sala kaise dekh raha hai! Ohhhhh dekho aapna chota lund ragad raha hai! Madhavan took long deliberate strokes. I was amazed to see his big lund disappear into my wifes beautiful choot. Anita was crying out in ecstasy. Her cunt was swelled with the lund meat and she had to lift her legs up to allow full penetration. As Madhavan fucked her she moved her gaand in rhythm with the lund and was moaning loudly. She looked at me often to see that I was watching her. I rubbed my lund harder now and I wanted to hold my come for the final round. Suddenly Anita let out a loud moan and her body stiffened. Her legs wound themselves around Madhavans waist and she came. 

As they fucked in earnest, Anita told me not to jack off yet. After they fucked for a long time, Madhavan was ready. He started to yell and moan loudly as he came in Anita. After he came, he laid on her as she had her legs wrapped around him. She wouldnt let him take his lund out of her. She asked me to come over to the bed while he was still laying on her. I did as I was told. Anita told me that when Madhavan pulled out she wanted me to quickly get between her legs and eat her choot. She said she wanted me to clean her up. I started to protest, but she cut me off. She said this what they write about on wife lovers and that I agreed to what she asked. Madhavan was smiling and shaking his head, and said Go ahead, she needs somebody to eat her choot. So do it for your wife. 

Madhavan pulled his massive lund out and rolled off Anita and I replaced his lund with my tongue. Big globs of semen tickled out of my wifes choot and went to the crack of her gaand. I was hesitant but then I thought of my wife and how she loved to watch me eating out another mans come from her choot made me lick every drop of his come. As I was eating I looked up at Anitas smiling face, and I thought I had never seen her look more beautiful. I ate Anita for a while, and she came again. We then changed positions and she sat on my face and told me to jack off. All the come deep within her choot came out with the gravity and I had to slurp on it. I did jack off while doing this and came in about 5 minutes I came so hard I couldnt believe it. It was incredible. Anita got off my face and I cleaned up my come too. 

We all decided to have some whisky again, as Madhavan loved whisky. I couldnt believe what had just happened. Anita and Madhavan went ahead. As I came in the hall I saw Madhavan sitting on my sofa naked. Even when his cock was limp it was still bigger than mine when it was hard. Anita was wearing a gown when she came in from the kitchen with some glasses. We sat around and talked for a while, although it was awkward because Madhavan was still naked. Finally, Madhavan asked Anita out of the blue if she liked being his slut. I was stunned by the question and Anitas response. She said, as she looked at me, that it was fantastic being filled up by a cock like his. Then he told her to come over and show him how much she appreciated his Lund. Without hesitation she leaned over and took his lund into her mouth. After he was fully erect he asked her if she would like to go to the bedroom. She just moaned. As they got up to leave, I started to follow until Madhavan said, I want to be alone for awhile with her. Anita just looked at me and smiled as they walked up away from me. 

Anita called me in the master bedroom after some time and asked me to sleep on her side. During the night I could here them fucking off and on through the night. I jacked off three more times and watched them fucking, pretending to be asleep. At about 5:00 am I got up and went to the other room and sat on easy chair thinking of the events of the night. Anita came into my room and lay with me. When I kissed her I could taste Madhavans cock. She said he had great stamina and she needed to take a break, as she was a little sore. I tried to fool around but she said that her choot belonged to Madhavan this weekend. She also reminded me this was all for my pleasure. About an hour after she came into my room, she said she had to go back to the bedroom with Madhavan. 

On Sunday morning Anita and Madhavan came out around 10:00 am. Anita was wearing the same gown and Madhavan was again naked! I asked him if he ever wore any clothes and he said Anita asked him to stay naked because she loved looking at his lund dangling as he walked. I couldnt believe it. Anita just looked at me and winked. I just couldnt believe what was happening; here I am making breakfast for my wife and her lover. 

Anyway, as we sat and ate breakfast, Anita said she wanted me to start jacking off into a glass. I was so humiliated. I asked her why, and she said that while she was looking through my history of my Internet usage, she found a site that had a story that had a husband jacking of in a cup and saving it while he watched other men fuck his wife. She said she liked the idea. Madhavan just smiled. I turned red when she came over and kissed me and said she wanted me do one more thing for her. What? 


  
HI Friends
Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex! And even to fulfill your fantacies in real life. Just call me and i will be there!Jeevan
