Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Four: The Slut Wife and the Naughty Twin, Part Four
Summary: Charles claimes Mrs. Augustine to use her against Zach.
Keywords: mF FF mFF mc oral anal wife cuck exhib voy

Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Seven

Charles Swartzenburg II

My blood boiled for Mrs. Augustine. I had come so close late last week to claim her. To fucking the preacher's wife. If I couldn't have Susannah right now, her mother would be perfect. Blonde and beautiful. A mature version of the girl bound to Zach.

I flicked my gaze up when Mrs. Augustine entered the living room with a tray full of fresh-made chocolate chip cookies. The scent of them had my mouth watering as my dick throbbed for her. She looked so wholesome. A good, Christian woman who would never dream of cheating on her husband.

Not until her gaze fell on me, anyways. Then I could see it. The stirring of desire behind her eyes. The awakening of passion that all women felt around me. They were drawn to me thanks to my pact with Molech.

I could have any woman I wanted. They would make the excuse it was because of my fortune. My vast wealth. Gold-diggers. But that wasn't it at all. I could be as poor as Zach, and they still would flock to me.

Mrs. Augustine was no exception. She wasn't bound to Zach.

Cookies? the married woman asked, her cheeks flushing slightly.

Sure, Mrs. Augustine, Zach said.

Oh, you don't have to be so formal with me, Zach, she said, smiling at him. She didn't look at me now. She was trying to avoid eye-contact. To hide that blazing desire that had quickened in her nethers. It was... cute that she was trying to hide it. 

And it made my dick so hard. I ached for her badly. I wanted to bend her over and take her hard. Just fuck her with everything that I had. Should I make a move on her? She was right here. I didn't have to hunt her down.

If things happened...

I just had to be discrete.

My mother had stopped me from doing this last time, but she wasn't here to satiate my hard cock. It was so hard to think with all the blood rushing to my swollen member. I knew I shouldn't be rash, but it was so hard when she was right here handing out cookies to Zach, Susannah, Moira, and Sable.

And it's Charles, right? asked Mrs. Augustine, turning to me. She bent over, her breasts swelling the front of the t-shirt she wore. There was no hiding their size. Big and soft like her daughter's.

Yes, ma'am, I said and took one.

She smiled for a moment. You don't have to be so formal. Make me feel like an old maid.

Sorry, Mrs. Augustine, I said. I took a bite. Delicious.

Thanks. Her smile grew even broader, dimpling her cheeks. Well, uh, I'll leave you all to study.

She retreated quickly as I took a bite of the warm treat. The chocolate chips melted through my mouth while I savored the buttery delight of the cookie. Damn, that was good. That was really, really good. It made me wonder what other treats she could offer.

I smiled at that thought as I licked the chocolate off my fingers. 

I tried to concentrate on studying with the others, but it was hard. Literally. I was trying not to show my bulge as we worked on math. Tricky stuff. I never had much mind for it, but Zach was guiding everyone in it.

That doesn't make any sense, Moira complained. Ugh, this is making my brain hurt.

That's why you are failing, said Zach. You just have to try. You put your mind on other things.

Those things are fun, Moira said and glanced at Sable. Right, babe?

Sable looked annoyed for a split second before she purred, That's right, honey. I can think of a dozen things I'd rather be doing with you than studying.

They only pretended to be in a relationship. It was clear Sable didn't like Moira, but they pretended so they had an excuse to spend time with Zach. He gathered his allies. Sable had money, but it was a paltry amount compared to my fortune.

You just have to remember your order of operations, said Susannah. Once you have that down, it's really easy. You do the multiplication before the addition. Then it works out.

So dumb, Moira snapped, shooting Susannah an annoyed look.

No, It was more than annoyed. Was it... jealousy? Zach had power. He must have transgressed to earn it. Having sex with his twin sister would be one way to do it. And she didn't like being second-fiddle to Susannah.

I filed that away. The witch said I had to be friends with Zach to learn how to destroy him. I had a few avenues. 

He grabbed another cookie from the platter Mrs. Augustine left behind. He trusted the woman... 

I have to use the restroom, I said, an idea sparking.

It's down the hall, second door on the left, said Susannah without looking up from her paper. She was working through one of the complicated algebra problems. I think I have it. Is this correct, Zach?

Yep, he said, bumping his shoulder into hers.

Their relationship wasn't fake. Susannah was besotted with him, and he cared for her. It was why he trusted her mother, wasn't it?

I rose and headed past the kitchen to the hallway. I didn't see Mrs. Augustine in there. I vanished down the hallway, out of the sight of the others. I opened the bathroom door to find the woman in there. Had she rushed down here when I said I had to pee?

Zach, she whispered, flustered.

No, no, she had been hiding in here.

I stepped in and cupped her face. Boldly, I kissed her on the lips. I savored the warmth of her mouth on mine. I thrust my tongue into her mouth. I would enjoy claiming her. Cuckolding a preacher's wife tickled my deprave desires.

She whimpered into my lips, kissing me back with a fiery passion. She trembled, though. I could feel her resisting. She believed this was wrong. She fought against the magic that had ensnared her, battling to break free of it.

She groaned and pulled back, our lips parting. No, no, she whimpered. I'm married.

Mmm, I know, I growled and kissed her harder.

I thrust my tongue into her mouth. She groaned and returned the kiss, her tongue stroking mine. I loved playing with her. I savored her taste. The exhilaration washed over me. I wanted to fuck her right here, right now.

I shoved my hand down to her pants. I cupped her pussy through her jeans. I rubbed at her through the denim. She groaned into my lips as she kissed me with such passion. I enjoyed this moment. Her lips felt amazing on my mouth.

I slid my hand up her fly to the fastener.

I undid it.

She groaned as I shoved my hand into her pants. Her zipper rasped down as I found the waistband of her panties. I shoved into the elastic fabric and found her shaved. That was... surprising. Her juices slicked her bald vulva, her pussy lips thick.

I shoved my fingers into her pussy. She gasped and broke the kiss, her head shaking. 

No, no, I'm not like this, she groaned as my fingers thrust in and out of her pussy. I don't know what's wrong with me.

I pulled my digits out of her pussy and ripped my hand out of her pants. I held up my fingers coated in her gleaming juices. I smeared them on her lips as I said, You know what's wrong with you. You have a hot pussy that needs satisfying.

She whimpered and licked her lips, Yes, but... She glanced at the door. My daughter's here. Her friends.

I grinned. I was hard, but... I could wait. I drew out my phone and asked her, What's your number.

She told me, breathless.

I texted her and said, That's my address. Be there this evening.

I can't, she whimpered, her hips wiggling. I... I have a family.

You will be there, I said. I don't care what lie you tell your husband. I stared at her. Say it. Say you'll be there wet and ready to be fucked by me.

Oh, gosh, she groaned. I... I'll be there wet and... and... Her cheeks turned beat red. Ready to be... taken by you.

I arched an eyebrow.

Fucked by you, she gasped, her entire body shuddering like she was on the verge of cumming.

I grinned and turned around. I licked off my digits, savoring the tart flavor of her pussy. Did her daughter's cunt taste like this? Well, I could imagine it did. The mother would tide me over until Zach was out of the picture. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sable Newport

I dropped my smile as the limo pulled away from the front of Charles's house. He headed inside. I was glad that I didn't have to fake being nice to that creep. He stared at women like he owned them. That they were all just his toys.

Ugh, I want to take a bath, I said. 

I can give you a tongue bath, Moira said. She thrust out her tongue and wiggled it.

It was... tempting. I have to take you and your brother home. No time for that.

Always time for that, said Moira. Zach can help me. Right, big brother.

Maybe later, Zach said. He pulled out an envelope from his inner jacket pocket. He handed it over to me. Mrs. Augustine made me a list of the men and women she's fucked over the years. We have to do something about them. I can't have them coming forward and making allegations about her cuckolding her husband.

Or that he's a pathetic bitch that jerks off to it, Moira said, sneering. What sort of man does that?

A weak man, I said. Like my father. He watched me dominate my mother. I loved cucking my rich father. He was so powerful outside the house, but inside, he was my slave. I never touched himZach was the only man who aroused mebut I still dominated Daddy.

I opened the envelope and pulled it out. It was three sheets of pages. There are forty or fifty people on here. Way too many to murder.

Zach's stony face twitched. Too many. It would attract notice.

Pity. The idea of ending a life... My wet pussy clenched. We can't bribe them. Someone will come forward.

Magic? asked Zach, glancing at his twin sister.

I suppose I can erase some memories, Moira said. It'll be a lot of work. She stretched her back. It's too complicated for me to do at home. Mom will find out.

Go home with Sable, Zach ordered.

Ooh, slumber party, Moira squealed, flashing me a wild grin. She arched her eyebrows at me.

I groaned in annoyance. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Charles Swartzenburg II

DING-DONG!

I rose from the chair in the living room wrapped up in a robe. My half-hard dick went to full chub as I headed to it. I knew who it would be. I was so excited by this. I should have just taken her that night, but...

It was better if her husband didn't know.

I opened the door and smiled at Mrs. Augustine in the same t-shirt and jeans, though she had on more makeup. Ruby lips. Mascara. She trembled there, her breasts rising and falling. She glanced behind her like she was afraid someone would see her.

I... I told my husband... I had to visit a friend. I can't... I mean... She swallowed.

I'll send you back to him when I'm done with you, I said, grabbing her hand and pulling her to me. But I don't want to hear another word about him. You're mine right now. My woman.

Yes, she breathed with such throaty excitement. 

Prove it, I said.

She shuddered, closed her eyes, and kissed me. Her lips sealed on mine, waxy and silky from her lipstick. I groaned as she worked her mouth against mine. Her hands grabbed my arms as if to steady her as she made out with me.

My cock pushed at the front of the robe. I was surprised it wasn't peeking out. I kissed her with hunger, thrusting my tongue into her mouth. She met mine with her own. We danced about each other, my heart pounding a mile a minute.

I had her.

I broke the kiss and pulled her after me. I marched to the stairs as she gasped, I can't believe I'm doing this. I've never...

Cheated on your husband? I asked.

I love him, but... She shuddered. I shouldn't be talking about him. I'm... your woman. Yours.

Makes you wet to cuck your husband, doesn't it? I asked as I reached the stairs. He trusts you. He believes you're at a friend's, not here about to be fucked by one of your daughter's friends.

It does, she groaned. I'm such a... terrible woman.

A slut. A worthless whore who only cares about feeding that hole between her thighs.

Yes, she groaned. I am. I can't believe it.

That's all you women are good for, I said. I'm going to fuck you and think about your daughter. I don't even want you. I wanted her, but... You'll do.

Why does that just make me wetter? she whimpered as we reached the top of the stairs.

Because you're a woman. Nothing but a fucktoy for men. Real men. I'm going to pump you full of cum. Might even breed you.

Yes, she whimpered. I want that. I want that so much.

God, I loved the blessing Molech gave me. I thrust open the door to the master bedroom. My mother sat naked on a chair waiting for us. She shook her head, but there was no stopping me. She had tried to dissuade me, but there was no amount of cock-sucking that could stop this. Not once Mrs. Augustine had shown up here.

But Mother knew better than to object. She understood her place She was my woman. My incestuous wife.

Strip, I told Mrs. Augustine as I turned around and opened my robes, reveling my naked form. My cock thrust out hard before me.

Her eyes latched onto it. She whimpered like a bitch in heat, her blue eyes glossy with lust. She ripped off her t-shirt revealing a lacy, red bra that cupped her breasts. Her nipples poked at the thin material. She had put on sexy lingerie for me.

Perfect.

Her eyes flicked to mother. She gasped, Who... who is that?

My mother, I said. Now strip. I don't need questions from you. I need you naked so I can fuck that body and imagine it's your daughter.

Yes, Charles, she whimpered.

Master, I said as she unsnapped her jeans. 

She swallowed. Yes... Master.

I grinned as she shoved off her jeans. She had a flat stomach and curving hips. Her thighs were toned and delicious. She kept herself in shape. That was so hot. She didn't let herself go. I was thrilled by that. It made my cock so hard. If I kept Susannah, she would have many years of beauty ahead of her. Decades.

Mrs. Augustine took off her bra next, freeing those lush mounds. I loved the sight of them. They swayed back and forth. They had such a gorgeous plumpness to them. Soft and heavy with fat nipples made for suckling.

My cock twitched, drawing the slut-wife's attention. She stared down at my cock as she slid her hands down her hips to the waistband of her panties. She hooked her fingers through them and shoved them off. My smile grew as her panties rolled off, revealing her shaved pussy. 

Shaved? my mother asked in surprise.

My husband... He likes me bald. I... I would do anything for him.

And now you would do anything for my son, Mother purred. Right, whore?

Yes, Mrs. Augustine moaned as she stepped out of her red, lacy panties. She dripped with her excitement. The tart aroma of her pussy filled my nose. I breathed it in deeply, relishing that wonderful scent. Yes, I would. Anything. Her blue eyes stared at my cock.

Then suck my big dick, whore, I said. Fall to your knees, open wide, and don't spill a single drop of my cum.

Yes, Master, she purred with throaty excitement. She was so eager to obey me.

She fell to her knees and grabbed my cock. She opened her mouth wide and swallowed my dick. I shuddered in delight as Susannah's mother slid those ruby lips over my cock. She looked so much like her daughter. The same shade of gold with matching eyes.

This would tide me over until that slut was mine.

Mrs. Augustine suckled hard. She nursed with passion on my dick. The MILF knew what she was doing. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. I loved how she nursed on me. Her cheeks hollowed with passion. 

My hands balled into fists. It was an amazing rush to have her suckling on me. She swirled her tongue around my cock, staring up at me with such lust in her eyes. Such dedication to making me cum. She craved my jizz.

That's it, whore, Mother purred. Mmm, suck my good boy's cock. He deserves it. Mmm, just a cheating slut who can't control herself.

Mrs. Augustine moaned her agreement.

The pressure grew and grew in my nuts as she suckled on me. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. I loved how she blew me. It was a fantastic rush to have her suckling on me like this. I groaned, enjoying the way her tongue swirled around my cock.

My nuts tightened with my need to erupt in her. I would flood her with all my jizz that I had. She suckled and slurped on me with such noisy passion. She filled my bedroom with her passion as she eagerly loved my cock.

Just like that, I growled. You're doing so great. Keep suckling on me. You don't suck on your husband like this, do you?

She moaned and shook her head.

Only me?

She nodded, her blue eyes so glossy.

I loved cuckolding her husband. I wished he was here. One day... He would watch me fuck his wife and daughter. They would both be my whores once I had removed Zach from the field. I savored the way Mrs. Augustine suckled on me.

She nursed with all that she had. She held nothing back. She hungered for my cum. I could feel it in how hard she suckled in The way that she nursed on me. It was fantastic enjoying her hot mouth like this. 

Goddamn, yes, I growled. Get ready, whore!

She moaned around my cock.

You want my cum? I demanded, her tongue stroking around the crown of my dick.

She whimpered and nodded, suckling so hard her cheeks hollowed. The pressure reached down to my aching nuts. My cum boiled in them. I hit that point of no return. The jizz moved up my cock as I gripped the back of her head.

Then take it, whore! I roared and erupted.

I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her mouth. The pleasure slammed through me. I loved every last second of this heat sweeping through me. Stars burst across my vision as I spurted over and over into her mouth. The pleasure shot through me. Ecstasy burned across my mind. I blazed with rapture.

Swallow all my son's jizz, Mother purred. Don't waste a drop, whore!

Mrs. Augustine gulped down my cum. She swallowed it all as I pumped blast after blast of cum into her mouth. I emptied my nuts into her, the pleasure sweeping through me. It was perfect. My hand clutched the back of her throat as I erupted one last time.

Fuck, I groaned as she kept suckling on me, working out all the jizz that I had in my nuts.

I felt amazing as I ripped my dick out of her mouth. I stared down at her, so eager to enjoy every bit of her flesh before I sent her back to her husband. She panted, drool running down her chin as she stared up at me.

On the bed, slut, I growled. On your back. I'm going to fuck that married pussy.

Yes, Master, she moaned, her wedding ring gleaming on her left hand. 

Chapter Eight

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I sat on the couch working on some homework. Mom was home early. She didn't have to work her second job tonight. She was cleaning the kitchen, thoroughly scrubbing it like she did when she had the time. The faint scent of scrubbing cleaners filled my nose.

You just have to claim her, and she'll be yours, purred Nisha.

I ignored my thought form and stared down at my book.

It will be so easy, she purred. She's destined to be yours. Just tame her womb. Stop her from being used as a weapon against you.

She would never harm me, I whispered.

You don't know the heart of anyone but your own, Master. Nisha straddled me. Her big, dusky breasts swayed before me. She reached through the book on my lap to my pants. She pressed through to grab my cock.

My mother loves me, I hissed.

And? We hurt the ones we love the most. She pulled my cock out of my pants. Well, not really, but it felt like it. Mmm, you could be in her pussy right now, taming her womb, claiming her.

Defiling my mother to save my life... I shook my head. There are some crimes not worth committing.

You wish to control the world, she moaned, rubbing my cock against the wet folds of her pussy. Master, you shall commit so many crimes. Is loving your mother truly such a great one?

I closed my eyes and nodded, savoring the way her pussy rubbed at my dick. Since I summoned Nisha, I had grown so weak. Sex was a power I had trouble resisting. A distraction. I knew what she was doing. Mom was right there, humming softly as she sprayed the counter with cleaner. 

Nisha plunged her twat down my cock. I shuddered, fighting my moan. I slid the book off my lap as I enjoyed her hot pussy around me. This was so wrong. Mom was only feet away. She couldn't see what was happening, but...

It made this seem... so taboo.

Nisha squeezed her cunt around my cock. She gripped me with her hot pussy and slid up me. I savored the feel of her pussy around my dick. The hot massage sent pleasure rushing through me, my nuts tightening.

Just imagine this was your mother, she groaned.

You're not, I whispered.

Mmm, close your eyes and picture her working her pussy up and down your cock, loving you in exciting ways. She wiggled her hips from side to side. Giving you pleasures that you've never even imagined.

Nisha, I breathed.

Motherly love. Motherly passion. Just imagine it, Master.

I fought against imagining it as her hot pussy worked up and down me. I stared at her, focusing on Nisha's exotic features. Her dusky skin. Black hair. She wasn't my mother. She was a woman. A hot and beautiful MILF that I created.

Her hot twat massaged me. She drove me wild with that delicious snatch. I enjoyed every second of her hot cunt massaging me. I loved it so much. This was an excellent treat. I ground my teeth to keep from groaning.

From alerting mom.

Tell her how beautiful she is, purred Nisha. She's more than your mother. She's a woman that hasn't had a man in so long.

Since him, I growled, my dick throbbing in Nisha's twat.

She'll stop pining after the asshole if she has a replacement. Nisha smiled. Mrs. Augustine said you were better than your father. Wipe away any memory of the bastard from your mother by bending her over the counter and fucking her hard.

Shit, that sent heat rushing to the tip of my cock. I almost erupted at the thought of erasing Dad from Mom's memories. Of replacing her love for him with something better. I glanced at Mom as she pulled the grills from the stove to scrub at them.

I ripped my gaze away, refusing to do it. Nisha's hot pussy massaged my dick. She held me tight with her juicy cunt as she worked up and down me. I groaned, coming so close to erupting into her snatch.

Mmm, it will be so perfect, Master, she cooed. Mother and son uniting together.

I slammed my head into the back of the couch, fighting that urge. It was so hard to resist with her hot pussy working up and down me. Teasing me. The pressure throbbed at the tip of my cock. My hands balled into fists.

I glanced at Mom again. She was so lonely...

You could give her love again, Master, purred Nisha. She yearns for the touch of a man.

I wrenched my gaze again. I stared up at Nisha as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. She brought me to the brink of cumming. I was so close to bursting in her snatch. She plunged down me, my nuts so tight with jizz.

Just go over there and fuck your mother, Nisha moaned as she plunged her pussy down my cock.

The pressure in my nuts erupted. I fought to keep from groaning aloud. Mom was still cleaning the kitchen as my cock erupted. It didn't make any sense. Nisha wasn't real and my cock wasn't really out of my pants, but I felt myself squirting into her pussy.

Nisha's twat writhed around me. She suckled at me with that hot flesh. I groaned at what she did, savoring the pleasure of this moment. Nisha's big, motherly breasts bounced before my eyes. They were so soft.

So inviting.

For a moment, she didn't have her dusky skin. She had pale skin. Black hair. She looked like my mother.

I closed my eyes, feeling my cum spurting over and over into Nisha's pussy. Her hot cunt suckled at me with such a motherly passion. I made her a MILF. I chose to have her be a mature woman with lactating breasts.

Cum in mommy's pussy, my thought form moaned, sounding just like mother. That's it. Oh, Mommy loves having you in me.

I ripped open my eyes and growled, Stop it.
Stop what? Mom asked. Cleaning?


I glanced at her as I erupted one last time into Nisha's pussy. Just... yelling at myself. I should be doing my homework, not day dreaming.

Mom smiled. She didn't see Nisha on me. Then a motherly look crossed her face. She hurried over to me and put her hand on my forehead. You're a little warm and you're so flushed. Are you feeling okay, honey?

She can be yours, Nisha whispered. She's destined to be yours. Take her.

I'm fine, I said, my body buzzing with pleasure. 

Mom had a beautiful face even without any makeup on. Mature and lovely. I knew she was a woman. I had learned the things she had done with my asshole father and Mrs. Augustine. I could just capture those pink lips and...

I rose, passing through Nisha. I'm going to lie down. I don't feel well.

Want me to make you some chicken noodle soup? she asked.

I hesitated. Sure, Mom. 

You need her, whispered Nisha. You need her.

I ignored my thought form and entered my bedroom. I threw myself down on my bed and closed my eyes. There had to be another way. Why did I need my mother? It made no sense. How could she be a key to conquering the world? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Charles Swartzenburg II
Mrs. Augustine fell back on the bed, her big tits bouncing. She spread her legs wide, showing off her shaved pussy. Her cream dripped down her taint to her asshole. She shuddered there, looking so wanton. So eager for my cock.

She would be my first married woman. Besides Mother, but Father gave her to me, so she hardly counted. I was so eager to ram into Mrs. Augustine's pussy and enjoy the cunt she'd sworn to only give to another. 

Please, please, fuck me, she moaned, her big boobs quivering.

I mounted the bed, kneeling between her thighs. My cock thrust out hard before me. I ached and throbbed for her. I stroked my hands up her thighs, loving the silky feel beneath my hands. Smooth. I went higher and higher until I reached her hips. I traveled across her flat belly to her breasts.

I squeezed those big, lush mounds. I bent down and buried my face between them. I pressed those soft tits against the side of my face, pretending they were Susannah's tits. I rubbed back and forth between them, reveling in them.

Master, she moaned.

Yes, I growled as I enjoyed their softness.

I licked up the side of her right boob, climbing up and up to her nipple. I latched on and suckled. She gasped as I did that. I nibbled on her breast, loving the feel of her between my lips. That fat nub felt perfect there.

I suckled on her as I kneaded both her boobs. She moaned in delight as I nursed on her nipple. I nibbled with my lips and suckled hard on her. She trembled as I popped my mouth off one and darted over to the other.

I latched on and suckled hard.

Master! she gasped.

I swirled my tongue around her nipple, loving the texture of her areola. It was such a perfect delight. I savored the sounds she made. They were so perfect. I suckled with all my might on her, my cock so hard. I wanted to fuck her.

I had to fuck her.

I ripped my mouth off her nipple. I grabbed my cock and pressed it into her wet folds. She groaned as I did that. Her thick folds rubbed against the crown of my dick. It was amazing feeling her against me. She grabbed her boobs, the diamond on her wedding ring sparkling.

Fuck me, Master, she moaned. Ram your cock into my pussy.

Your married pussy? I asked.

My married pussy, Master, she purred with such wanton lust. Please, please, fuck me with that big dick. You're so much thicker than my husband. I want to feel you in me, Master. I need to feel you in me! You'll be my second man, Master!

I grinned and thrust to the hilt in her cunt.

I sank to the hilt in her pussy. I reveled in stretching out her silky snatch. The pleasure washed through me. It was amazing. I enjoyed every inch of her hot twat around me. Only her husband had felt this delight before me.

I reveled in this delight as I drew back my cock. She moaned, her cunt squeezing down on me. She held me tight with her hot snatch. Pleasure washed through me. It was perfect. She kneaded her tits as I thrust back into her twat. 

Yes, Master, she groaned. Fuck my cheating cunt with your big dick! Fuck me so hard! You're so huge! Oh, yes, I've never felt anything like this!

What a fucking whore, I growled and thrust back into her cunt. My whore.

Yours, Master!

I reveled in her words as I fucked away at her cunt. I pounded her snatch with force. I loved every last second of pumping away at her twat. I buried into her again and again. She moaned, her boobs jiggling as she took my dick.

She accepted every last inch of my cock. I loved pounding her. I savored fucking her with all that I had. I thrust to the hilt in her again and again. She groaned as I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her twat over and over again. I loved how she gripped my cock. She held me tight with her snatch.

Master, she moaned. Oh, Master, I'm going to cum like a cheap whore!

Yes, you are, I growled, slamming to the hilt in her. You're going to spasm all over my dick!

Yes, Master, she moaned, her pussy clamping down on me. Just keep fucking me!

I leaned over her, planting my hands on either side of her. I thrust away at her, the bed creaking as I buried to the hilt in her pussy again and again, my nuts slapping into her taint again and again. They brimmed with more cum.

She gasped, squeezing around my cock. She trembled, her face twisting with delight. I loved the feel of her clamping down around me. She held me tight as I fucked deep and hard into her cunt, churning up her married flesh.

Master! Master! she moaned. You have such stamina. Ooh, you're young enough to be my son! Yes, yes, fuck me with your big, virile dick, Master!

Goddamn, I groaned. This MILF was delicious. I'm going to pump your twat full of cum. You're going to have my baby.

Yes, Master! she moaned, her cunt squeezing down around me.

I loved this wonderful heat washing through me. I buried in her snatch, rising toward that eruption. I couldn't wait to dump my cum into her twat. She squeezed her tits, staring up at me with such lust in her blue eyes.

My nuts slapped into her taint with my every plunge into her snatch. I savored the heat. I enjoyed the bliss as I fucked into her over and over again. She tossed her head and squeezed her eyes shut. Her pussy grew hotter around my dick.

Master! she whimpered.

Are you going to cum on my son's big dick? Mother asked.

Yes! Mrs. Augustine howled and bucked.

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

I groaned as her hot flesh spasmed around me. She felt so good rippling and writhing around my dick. I savored that heat as I buried to the hilt in her cunt. I reveled in her snatch spasming around me. She felt so incredible about me.

Cum in me! she begged. Please, please, cum in me, Master!

Fuck, slut! I grunted and buried to the hilt in her and erupted.

Oh, yes, she gasped, her hot twat rippling around my spurting dick. I love your seed, Master! I love it!

I grunted with each blast of cum I fired into her twat. I basted her over and over again, loving this bliss. It was so perfect to enjoy. This was a wonderful passion. I grunted as I came in her pussy, filling her up with passion.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's so good. Damn!

I flooded her married twat with blast after blast of cum. I filled her up with all my jizz. She trembled on her back, her pussy rippling around me. She felt incredible around me. I loved this so much. The pleasure swept through me. It was perfect.

I groaned as I erupted over and over into her cunt. I loved the feel of her twat rippling around me. She milked my dick with that hot and naughty twat. I grunted as I pumped the last of my cum into her, my mind buzzing with delight.

Master, she mewled, her pussy still rippling around me.

Mmm, I groaned. Would you do anything for me?

Yes, Master, she groaned. Anything, but... My husband... If I'm gone too long...

You haven't been gone long enough, I said. Besides, you'd stay all night, wouldn't you?

Yes, Master, she groaned.

I wouldn't do that. I didn't what her husband or daughter to be suspicious, but... Show me you would do anything for me. Kneel before my mother and eat her pussy.

I've never done that before, she said. It's a sin. A wicked grin spread on her lips as her pussy clamped down on my dick. Just like fucking you is. And if you want me to do that, then... Yes, Master.

I pulled my cock out of her pussy. She rolled over and crawled off the bed. I watched my jizz dripping out of her pussy as she settled down on the floor before my mother. I loved the grin on mother's lips as she spread her legs, draping them over the armrests of the chair.

That's it, slut, purred Mother, her shaved pussy dripping. Just bury your face into my cunt and lick.

Mrs. Augustine did just that.

From behind, she looked so much like her daughter. I couldn't tell that wasn't Susannah. That plump ass jiggled as cum dripped down her thighs. Mother groaned, pleasure crossing her face as she enjoyed the licking.

I slid off the bed and dropped down behind the MILF. I pressed my cock into her butt-crack. I slid down and down and found her asshole. I drilled right against her backdoor. She moaned as she kept feasting on my daughter.

I've never done anal before, Master, she whimpered. Will it hurt?

Does it matter? I demanded and thrust harder against her anal ring.

No, Master! she groaned, her voice tight and throaty as her asshole widened and widened.

Lubed by her pussy juices, my cock rammed pasts her sphincter and buried into her bowels. I groaned at the heat of her hot bowels devouring my cock. I reveled in claiming all of Mrs. Augustine's holes. I enjoyed them all.

It was a perfect sensation to feel her bowels wrapped around my dick. She squeezed about me as I penetrated deeper and deeper into her bowels. I bottomed out in her. She groaned, wiggling her hips from side to side.

Master, she groaned, her voice so throaty.

I smiled, loving the sounds she made. They were perfect. 

Oh, Master, that's so good, she groaned as I gripped her hips. I drew back her cock. I loved the way her anal sheath gripped my dick. Yes, yes, Master!

Her asshole massaged my cock as I slammed back into her bowels. I reveled in the velvety grip while she feasted on my mother's cunt. Mother groaned, her face twisting in delight. She savored being eaten while she watched me with her blue eyes.

Her platinum-blonde hair spilled around her face. She squeezed her thighs around the hot wife's face as I pumped way at the whore's asshole. The married slut moaned her delight, loving her first ass-fucking.

Oh, Master, that's so amazing, the cheating wife gasped. I didn't know it would feel this good. Anal is amazing!

It is, Mother purred, staring at me. Mmm, fuck her so hard, honey. Enjoy her!

I grinned at my mother as I fucked over and over into Mrs. Augustine's tight asshole. I buried over and over into her bowels, reveling in that delight. She held me tight with her anal sheath. She gripped me with that amazing sheath.

I pumped away at her asshole. I fucked her bowels with hard strokes. Powerful thrusts. I buried into her again and again, my nuts slapping into her taint. She squeezed about me, massaging me with that dick as she tongued my mother's pussy.

How does her cunt taste, whore? I demanded.

So good, whimpered Mrs. Augustine. I had no idea pussy tasted this good.
Yes, yes, you're going to be licking my mother's cunt so much, I growled. And your daughter's, too. Once I claim her.

Yes, Master, she moaned, her asshole clamping down hard on me.

She got off on the taboo idea. I loved it. I slammed to the hilt in her asshole. I fucked her hard and fast, enjoying this passion so much. She felt perfect around me. I plowed over and over into her anal sheath, loving every last second of ass-fucking her.

My nuts slapped into her taint. I grunted, enjoying this passion so much. She gripped me with that hot asshole, her butt-cheeks rippling from the impact. My nuts tightened as I hurtled closer and closer to that moment of erupting.

Master! Master, the hot wife moaned, rubbing her face into my mother's pussy.

Make my mother cum, slut, I growled, burying to the hilt in her asshole.

Yes, Master!

Mother gasped, her head throwing back. You fucking whore! Suck on my clit. That's it. Just nurse on my bud. You're driving me wild. Goddamn, that's perfect. That's it. That's amazing. You married whore! Yes!

Mother bucked. Her passion echoed through the room as she drowned the cheating bitch in pussy cream. I loved this. I slammed hard into Mrs. Augustine's asshole as she trembled there. She squeezed her anal sheath around me.

Master! she gasped in shock as her anal sheath rippled around me.

She suckled at me with her cheating cunt. It was fantastic to feel. I reveled in the hot delight of her anal sheath spasming around me. She suckled at me with her hot flesh. I drew back, enjoying her nursing at my cock. The pressure burst at the tip.

I erupted as I buried back into her cunt.

Yes! I growled as I erupted into her bowels.

I pumped blast after blast of cum into her anal sheath. I unloaded over and over into her. She suckled at me, her naughty asshole writhing around my cock. Pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, goddamn, that's it!

I erupted over and over again into her bowels. I filled her up with my cum. The heat swept through me. Stars burst across my vision as her bowels nursed at me. It was an awesome rush to enjoy dumping my cum into her asshole.

Oh, Master, she moaned. That's incredible!

Yes, it is, I growled as I erupted one last time into her. You're my whore! You'll do anything for me!

Anything, Master! she moaned.

You'll even kill for me! I snarled.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. I'll kill for you, Master! 

I'll hold you to that, I growled and ripped my cock out of her asshole. Now, go. Get back to your family before they suspect a thing. Be ready for my orders.

And I'll get your cock again? she whimpered as she turned to face me, my mother's pussy cream dripping down her chin.

Yes, you will, whore, I said. Yes, you will. 

She lit up with such delight. The Blessing of Molech was a powerful thing. I nodded as I stared at the instrument of my revenge. I would destroy Zach. He wouldn't suspect a thing. I had arrangements to make. Research for the perfect poison. 

To be continued...
