Chapter One

High Wizards Castle, Ten Years Later

  Rand watched as the young woman exited the room with her head
held high.   Grace OConnor was not the most striking woman, that
he had ever met but she had captured his attention none the less.
If he had not known her well, he never would have guessed that
the news of her betrothal to him had shocked or upset her.  As
the heir to his fathers people, the courtship process had been
long and very detailed.   Grace had not even wanted her name to
be placed on the long list of eligible women that could be a
possible mate.  Rand had personally seen to it; that her name
would be placed at the top of his personal list.  Grace and he
had gone to school together. The attraction on his part had been
immediate.  She was a strong-willed and powered witch. And 
according to his advisors  she was a perfect match for him, power
to power, and most importantly socially.  She was the daughter of
his fathers best friend  and advisor, Collin OConnor.   But
with his  blessing also came a warning; My daughter may be
talented  and sophisticated, but never forget that she has Irish
blood flowing in her veins.  And it looked as if Rand was going
learn how to sooth his beloveds ruffled feathers.
  Guess its never to soon to start.  Rand said after he
thanked his father and Colin for their help in the betrothal. 
Then he turned and followed Grace out of the room.  The King and
Colin watched him leave.
  What strong children, those two will have. The king said.
  If they dont kill each other first. Colin replied.

  Rand found Grace standing beside the fountain in the Royal
Gardens.  She was sitting on the edge of the fountain, gazing at
the down at the gold coins that were scattered across the bottom
of the fountain.  When she heard him approach, she glanced up.
  You know, Rand , I use to come here with my father and toss
coins in and make the craziest wishes.  Some of them would come
true and some wouldnt.  But at eight , I was still innocent 
enough to hope that wishes would come true.  Grace said with a
note of wistfulness.
  I did the same thing. Rand reminded softly.  As long as I
can remember, Gracie, weve been as close as two peas in a pod.
Rand moved closer to her and sat down next to her on the ledge.
  And you knew that I didnt want to be considered as your wife.
 Yet you still insisted upon having me.  She said softly with a
glare in her eyes.
  And you never told me why. Rand replied.
  There are personal reasons, Rand.   We have been friends for
years.  She said looking at him.
  Which will make our marriage even stronger.  Rand said
quietly.
  It just doesnt feel right.   Weve been friends for so long,
that making the jump to a full partnership and marriage, seems
near impossible.   She protested.
  You know,  I think that you are hiding something from me,
Gracie.  This talk of our being friends as having an ill effect
on our marriage is covering up the real issue.  So what gives? 
Rand asked as he edged closer to her.
  I resent the fact that I have no say in this marriage.   Your
father and mine in their infinite wisdom, decided that this was
the best thing for both of us.  Yes, I understand that socially
and magically we are compatible.   But marriage is much more than
social obligations and magical duties.     There are two living,
breathing, people in this.  They have needs, wants, and desires.
 Which they didnt factor into this decision.   This is the year
2113, not 1913.   I would have thought that we would have made
some progress in this. Gracie continued.
  So youre concerned about your needs, wants, and desires being
 attended to.  Surely you know that Ill be more than happy to
see to any need, want, or desire you have. Rand said huskily. 
Reaching out he gently grasped her hand and edged her closer
until there was no marble separating them.   Grace pulled her
hand free and stood up.
  This is not the time to be joking, Rand.  This is a serious
issue.   There has not been as much as a spark of attraction
between us.   How are we to fulfill the primary duty as a royal
couple; produce a heir for your father.  She started to pace
back in forth in front of him.    She couldnt believe that her
life had come to this.   There was a grain of truth in what she
was telling  him.  She knew that Rand looked at her as if she
were a younger sister.  It didnt matter that she found him to be
the sexiest thing that she had ever set her eyes on.  His family
had been generous with the genes that they had given him.   From
his ebony hair that he kept pulled back with a black thong, to
his broad  shoulders  and towering presence, he was the poster
child for Prince Charming.   But the attraction wasnt  mutual
and she was to proud to throw herself at him, when it was clear
that he wasnt interested in that way. When she turned to face
him again, she almost ran directly into him.   When he put  his
arms out to steady her, she looked up at him.   She couldnt
remember the last time she  had been this close to him.  After
the incident in high school, she had learned to keep her distance
from the  Prince.     That is what she kept telling herself
anyway.   He was the Prince and not for her.   Now with this
scheme that their fathers  had cooked up, how was she going to be
able to keep her distance?
  Rand watched Grace and could almost see the wheels turning in
her head.   She was a quick thinker and rapidly processed
everything around her.   It would only be a few moments before
she realized that she was safely snuggled in his arms.   It had
been years since he had gotten this close to her.   In fact
looking back it had been the final dance at their high school
prom.   He had almost kissed her at the end of the dance if it
hadnt been for the strobe light that they had shone on him.  He
was use to having things like that happen but it had broken the
spell that had been woven around them.   But that was the past
and soon he would have every right to kiss her.   He just needed
to stay one step ahead of her until the ring was on her finger. 
Then he would have all the time in the world to court his lovely
wife.
  Grace realized that Rand had her wrapped his arms the moment
before he started lowering his head.  Immediately she started to
squirm away.
  Hold still, Gracie.  I am not going to hurt you.  He
reassured her with a smile.
  Rand, let me go.  I dont know what are trying to prove.  She
said as her face began to flush.
  You said some nonsense about there not being  any sparks
between us.  How do you know that there isnt any? He asked
quietly.
  I didnt say that there wasnt any sparks, I said that there
is  no mutual attraction between us.  Theres a big difference,
Rand .   Something that is one-sided just wont work.  So well
just have to tell our fathers that there has been an error in
the selection process and have another woman chosen.  She said
as she continued to try and wiggle free.  She had forgotten how
strong he was.
  If you dont quit wiggling, you are going to find out exactly
how attractive I find you.  He said huskily.   She immediately
froze.   Thats better.  You are saying that any attraction that
might between us is one-sided?  Correct?  Well, then you are
saying that you arent attracted to me?
  Quit fooling around, Your Highness.   She whispered.  I
dont find this amusing. Ill file a petition in the morning to
see this undone.
  Your Highness?  Rand repeated slowly.  You havent called me
that since we met in grade school.  This must really be
upsetting.  Believe me Gracie, I am not kidding around at all
about us suiting.   Releasing her, he turned back towards the
fountain and rubbed the back of his neck.   Gracie, I dont know
where you got the idea that I dont find you attractive.   Ive
been hot for you since our senior year in high school.  When
there was no response, he swung  back around to find her gone.
Great.   That really helped your case, Romeo.  He muttered to
himself.  Ill just have to try a different tactic.

The East Gardens
  On the far side of the court yard, two figures watched the
prince toss a coin into the fountain.
  What do you think of his new bride?  The one asked the other.
  I dont think shell be a problem.    Ive checked it out.  
She doesnt want to be his bride.   Shes been in the process of
becoming an advisor to the king.  What a joke.  Who has ever
heard of a woman filling the position of advisor?   They stopped
that practice years ago.
  Do you think that she could be turned to helping us?
  Its a possibility.   Ill continue to dig.   Maybe I can find
something on her to persuade her to our way of thinking.  The
figure glanced at his watch.  I have some unfinished business to
complete. Ill report later.

  Later that night, Grace let herself into the suite that had
been assigned since she had been selected as Rands bride.  
After she managed to give Rand the slip, she spent the rest of
the afternoon in the palace library, searching for a loop hole in
the antiquated courtship laws.   So far she had not found any.  
It looked as if Rand had her cornered for the time being.   She
was very well trained in the laws of her country due to her dream
of following in her fathers footsteps and becoming an advisor to
the king.   But it didnt look as if that would be happening in
the near future.
  No, only my father would try to marry me off to the future
King.  She said aloud.
  Of course, Dad wants you to marry Rand.  Spinning around
Grace saw her sister sitting on the couch.
  Hi, Patience.  Grace said as she went over and sat down next
to her.
  Round one, didnt go in your favor did it?   Patience asked.
  Neither did round two.  Grace replied.  What am I going to
do, Patience?
  Are you sure that it wont work out?
  Oh, Patience.  I dont see how it will.   Ive been his friend
for so long and Ive seen the women that he has gone through.  
Thats why I decided  back in school not to pursue  any kind of
relationship with him.  I didnt think that I could  handle
watching him walk away when he got  bored.   But being married
there is no way to just walk away.  In the royal marriages, there
is no divorce.   Its part of the  Royal Law and thats why
theres such a long  courtship  process.
  Why, Gracie, it sound s like you are in love with him.   
Patience said slowly.
  Ive been half in love with him since my freshman year in high
school.
  When did you fall the rest of the way?   Patience wanted to
know.
  Somewhere between the start of the dance and the end of it. 
Grace replied.
  Gracie!!! You know what that means???   She asked excitedly.
  Now dont you start about that prophesy nonsense again.  
Grace groaned.
  You  know its true, Gracie.  You just dont want to admit
it.   Before Patience could  go any further, the telephone next
to the couch rang.   Grace quickly picked up the receiver to
stall  her sister.
  Hello.
  Gracie, that wasnt very nice.   Rands  warm voice said in
her ear.
  Rand.   I wasnt expecting you to call.
  We have unfinished  business to take care of.   There are few
misconceptions that need to be corrected.  Rand  paused for a
moment.  Since youve been avoiding me at all costs, I guess
Ill be seeing you in your dreams.
  Dont!  Gracie protested.  In a dream state there was no way
to fool, lie or deceive the one that you were with.  Thats why
not many wizards or witches attempted to communicate in that
fashion.   Grace and Rand had both practiced on each other in
college  to prepare themselves for what they thought would be a
future  partnership like their fathers.  At least that was what
Rand had told Grace when he had broached the subject of trying
it.  Now she wondered if that was the true reason that he had
wanted to practice.
  Sweet Dreams, Gracie. Ill see you tonight.  Rand said
huskily as he hung up the phone.
  Damn.  She said as she hung up the phone.
  That didnt go as well as you hoped.  Patience observed.
  No.   Im in for a long night.  Do you want to stay and keep
me company?  Gracie asked.
  Why?
  Because Im not going to sleep any time soon.  Grace said
wearily.
  I told you all that practice would come back to haunt you.  
Youre the one that let him into your dreams in the first place.
When she started protest, Patience stopped her. I know, you said
that it was practice for Rand and you were hoping to follow in
Dads footsteps.   And now hes using it to woo you. Thats just
classic.
  Thanks.  My sister is laughing at me. Grace just shook her
head.   This was quite a pickle she had gotten into.  Im
twenty-eight years old, I have a best friend who wants to marry
me, and a sister who just thinks it is hilarious.
  Dont forget that you have your final wizardry exams to take.
Thats if you still want to take them.
  Oh, Ill take them.   And Ill pass them with flying colors.
That way when I finally talk Rand out of this betrothal, I still
can hold a spot on his cabinet.  Grace stated.
  Well, the best of luck.  Patience said.  I wont be able to
keep you company tonight, Gracie.   I have a date tonight. 
Jonathan finally asked me out.  Were going to La Chez, uptown.

  Youre going uptown with Rands best friend?
  Yeah, Ive only been trying to catch his attention for the
last six months.
  Well, have fun.   Grace said as her sister walked out her
door.

  Patience and Jonathan were shown to their seats, shortly after
they arrived at  La Chez.   After sitting down and ordering their
drinks, they cut to the heart of the matter.
  You called this meeting.  So what are we going to do?  
Patience asked as she took a sip of her wine.   Jonathan waited
for the waiter to leave.   After he left, he looked her straight
in the eye and said Were going to play cupid.
  We are?  Whos the lucky couple?
   First Rand and you sister.  Jonathan said after taking a
long swallow of his wine.  Believe it or not Rand  actually
asked for help.  He wants this marriage to work.   As a matter of
fact, he has had a thing for her since high school.
  Has he?
  Yes, but hes was buying time.  He wanted to be sure that she
was ready.   He has foreseen that their future will be very
passionate but dangerous.
  So thats why he asked to be paired with her through out
school.
  Yes, he wanted it to be second nature for them to
communicate.
  Yes, I heard from her about it before I left her.   Something
about not sleeping. Patience said as her salad arrived.   She
wasnt surprised when Jonathan laughed.
  So thats his tactic.   Lets hope they have sweet dreams. 
He said after the waiter had left to get the main course.
  Do you think it is very difficult to sustain that type of 
communication.  Patience asked.
  If both parties are receptive to it, no its not difficult in
the least.  But if one party is not then it will take a
tremendous amount of concentration on the others part.  Jonathan
replied after the waiter set down his entree.
  Does it take a certain amount of magic?   Patience asked.
  For receptive dreaming, no.  A low level witch or wizard can
accomplish it.  But to a resistant dreaming it takes a high level
witch or wizard.  Say a level eight to ten.  He explained.
  So what happens if the person has no power or magic, can they
still have this type of dreaming?  Patience asked.
  Yes.  I keep forgetting that you have no power, Patience.  
You are such a capable woman.
  Dont feel sorry for me, Jonathan.   I may not have any
magical powers but I have other strengths.   But it is nice to
know that I can still participate in some things that are
magical. Ill just have to find someone with magic to assist me.
 Jonathans fork paused midway to his mouth.   Slowly he lowered
it back to his plate.
  Who are planning on asking to help you with this?  Jonathan
asked softly.
  I havent any particular wizard in mind, I guess.  Patience
said unsure in the sudden change in his demeanor.
  Well, when you do decide, let me know.   Jonathan said as he
continued to eat.
  Why?
  Because I want to be on the top of your list.
  Really.   What level are your magic powers, Jonathan?
  Level nine.   He said in a dead pan voice.  More than
adequate for dream merging.

  Grace yawned and glanced at the clock on her bedside table. 
The digital display read 1:07 am.   She usually was sleeping by
this time of the morning.   But since she was studying for her
final exams, she was keeping later hours.   Thats what she kept
telling herself.   It had nothing to do with the fact that Rand
was just waiting for her to fall asleep. Beside her clock the
telephone started to jingle softly.   Groaning inwardly she
debated on wether or not to answer it.   If she didnt he would
surely come to her suite to make sure nothing had happened to
her.   After the fifth ring she snatched it up.
  No, I am not asleep yet. she said without waiting for the
standard greetings.
  Well, I can see that.  Her sisters voice said.  I thought I
would check in with you.  I just got home.   I had a wonderful
yet unusual evening with Jonathan. Were going to do it again,
next week.   He doesnt hold my being non-magical against me.  
He really is a sweet man.   And very informative.   We had a long
talk about dream merging.   It sounds like fun.   But in order to
do it you have to have magic.
  Oh, sis.   You could have asked me about that.   Hopefully
Jonathan explained to you that you can receive dream merging just
not initiate them.
  Yes he explained that to me.  He even offered to be the one to
do it.
  Patience!  You lucky little devil.  Jonathan is very selective
to who he dream merges with.   Ive only done it once with him.
And it was entirely by accident.  Rand was trying to see if he
could merge with two wizards at the same time.
  Did it work?
  Yes it did.  But it can give you a headache if you try to hold
it to long.

  At the same moment, Rand and Jonathan were discussing the same
subject in Rands private wing of the castle.
  She actually said that she was going to find a wizard to
initiate her in dream merging?  Rand asked.  Somehow it didnt
surprise him that Graces sister had wanted to experiment with
dream merging.   Gracie had been very receptive to it.
  Yes, she did.   I told her that if she was looking, that I
would be happy to help her.
  I see that you are laying your trap very carefully.
  Yes, I am.   By the time Patience realizes what is going on, I
dont want her to have anywhere to run.   My Patience is
definitely related to Grace.   They both believe that marriage is
not for them.   My plan is to strike when Patience is occupied
with you and Grace.   Ill sneak under her defenses.
  Your strategy has more tact to it than mine does.   Rand said
Lets hope that both of them work.
  When are you going to visit her?   Jonathan asked.
  In about another hour, Gracies defenses will be at their
lowest point.   She will be more susceptible to my dream merge. 
I know from school that between the hours of two and three are
the hardest for her to stay awake.
  Rand youve tested off the charts when you took your final
exams.   I would think that a dream merge would be easy for you,
no matter who the other person is.
  Yes but I dont want to take something by force that she would
simply give me if I ask the correct way.
  Thats why, you are next in line for the throne.   Always
thinking.

  When Grace had hung the phone up from talking with her sister
it was after two am, and she was very sleepy.   This was the
worst time of night for her.   This is when Rand would, more than
likely make his move.   If only she could make herself more
alert.  Yawning again, she flipped the covers off her legs and
walked to the bathroom.  Catching a glimpse of her reflection in
the mirror, she winced.   There were huge bags under her eyes. 
Maybe she should go to sleep and face him.  r she could try to be
the aggressor and attempt to dream merge with him.   Going back
to her bed, she climbed back in and got comfortable.    Then
drawing a deep breath she sent her mind out to find his.
  Rand was still in his library after Jonathan left when he felt
the first brushes of what he recognized as a dream merge.   He
was awake so this surprised him.  Curious, he opened his mind to
see who was trying to merge with him.   He was very surprised
when he realized that it was Grace who initiated the merge.
  Gracie, I didnt expect this.   Rand said softly as they met
in the middle of the physic plane.
  What unfinished business, do we need to resolve, Rand. I am
getting tired.
  So you figured that you would make the first move and have the
upper hand so to speak.
  You know me to well, Your highness.
  Gracie, you know that really annoys me when you call me that.
  The unfinished business?  She reminded him.
  Ah, yes this unfinished business.   It seems that you have got
it in your head that I  dont find you attractive.   And vice
versa.   I am wagering that there is enough heat between the two
of us that we will set the room on fire.
  I doubt that.   I wont marry someone who will end up pitying
me.
  Christ the last thing Id ever do is pity you?   In the end it
will be me asking you to take pity on me.
  Really, She replied , now why would I ever want to take pity
on you?
  Because Ive wanted you for almost twelve years now. And you
know that I cant lie in this state.
  Yes that is true.   Grace said softly.
  I know it is.  Rand said huskily as he pulled her back into
his arms.  Lowering his head he gave her every chance to back out
of the kiss.   When she didnt , he lowered his head the rest of
the way and claimed her soft lips as his own.   But neither were
prepared for the sparks that flew when they met.     With a deep
groan ringing in his chest, he pulled her tighter against him. 
She answered with a soft moan.   When her lips parted he took
advantage of the moment and slowly slid his tongue out to met
hers.   More sparks flew in their dream world.  When he would
have brought his hand up to caress her breast she suddenly
disappeared from his mind.

  Damn.  Rand muttered as he glanced down at the tent in the
front of his pants.  I wonder what happened.  I better call her
and make sure she is okay.   Reaching for the phone, he dialed
her number.   As he waited for it to ring, he couldnt stop
thinking about their shared kiss.

  Gracie laid back against her pillows, breathing raggedly.  
That had to be the most intensive experience that she had ever
had.   It was so good that she lost her focus and had slipped out
of the mind merge.    The telephone rang by her beside once
again.  This time she knew that it would be him.   Picking up the
receiver she held it to her ear.
  Are you alright, Gracie?  Rand asked his voice hoarse with
desire.
  Yes.  I am sorry that I woke you.   She said, I know what a
busy schedule you keep.
  Thats the funny part, Gracie.  When you connected with me,
Hell, even throughout the merge I was awake.
  How did that happen?    Gracie asked.
  I am not sure.  Our connection must be very strong.  Rand
said.
  Maybe it was all the practicing we did in school.   Which
reminds me, why did you insist on practicing dream merging with
me.  I was two years behind you in school.  Surely there was
other people you could have practiced with.   Gracie asked as
she wrapped the cord around her finger.
  Because you were the only one I wanted to practice on.  Rand
said easily.  I had heard that making love on the physic plane
was intense.
  Rand!!!  Gracie gasped.
  I am being honest with you, Gracie.   Dont ever doubt the
strength of my attraction to you.
  I never would have even thought that you found me attractive.
You never gave any indication that you wanted me.
  I was waiting for you to grow up.   I want a woman who can
handle a mans desire, not a young girl who will be overwhelmed.
  Who is to say that I wouldnt be overwhelmed now?  I do not
have the experience that most woman my age would have.
  I know, Gracie.   I know.   But I have prepared myself for
that.  You are more than enough woman now to handle the man in
me.   Ten years ago it would have overwhelmed both of us.   It
wont now, Gracie.   Both of us have more control.
  I dont know Rand.   I lost the connection because I lost
control.
  Sweetheart, you and I did the impossible.  We met on the
physic plane without either one of us slumbering.   Wait until we
try it when were asleep.  Ill bet that neither one of us will
lose the connection until we are both sated.
  You wish.  Gracie said.  You keep forgetting that I wont
marry you.  Ill find a loop hole somewhere.
  Keep looking Gracie.   When you realize that there is no way
out, Ill be waiting.  Sweet dreams, Gracie.   I hope yours will
be as sweet as mine.

Another Room of the Castle
  The man in the communications room, smiled at the exchange that
he had just heard between Rand and Gracie.    The woman was very
resistant to Rands advances.   Perhaps he could use this to his
advantage.    But the question was, what could he hold out as a
carrot to lure the staid beauty away from Rand.   He was sure
that she was sincere about not wanting to marry Rand but he knew
from his sources that Grace O Connor was a very loyal friend of
the prince.   He would just have to continue to wait and it would
eventually present its self.  
