Hello every body. I hope you will enjoy reading my story. My name is
Shahzad and I live in an apartment building in the Al-Falah
neighbourhood of Karachi. I am 23 years old, average height and
build. I study Electrical Engineering at The University of Karachi.

I and my elder sister, Rubah, live with my Mamoo ( maternal uncle)
and my Khala (maternal aunt) both are unmarried. My parents live in
Islamabad where my father is a junior civil servant.

Let me first tell you about Rubah. She is 24 years old, about 5
ft .in height, Slim, Fair complexioned with black, silky hair, down
to her ass. I can tell you that she is very HOT. When she walks by,
men of all ages turn their heads to stare with lust in their eyes.
She has these beautifully full high breasts and a lovely round butt.
She wears loose clothes to hide her curves but that does nothing to
lessen her sex appeal.

When she does household chores like sweeping, mopping and cooking,
she doesn't wear a dupatta (Scarf worn over the shoulders and over
the head by respectable Pakistani girls when non family members are
present), as it gets in the way. Then as she sweats, her loose
clothing naturally sticks to her and her bra covered tits are easy to
make out. At night, she doesn't wear a bra. Then I can make out the
dent of her nipples in her shirt

She sweeps and mops my bedroom daily. I usually jerk off before she
enters and throw the tissues paper I use to clean myself up with,
under the bed. I then pretend to be asleep as she cleans the room.
studying her ass and tits as she moves around. It was such a turn on
to see her pick up the tissue papers damp with cum. When she'd leave,
I pull my shorts off and jerk off again thinking of her tits, ass,
hands and mouth.

Since my Mamoo and Khala are against smoking, I have to sneak out
onto the balcony for a smoke. To get to the balcony, I have to pass
by Rubah's bedroom. One night while I was tip toeing by her door, I
heard a sound that made me pause. Coming out of Rubah's room was the
sound of heavy breathing, followed by a sudden sharp intake of breath.

I sneaked out onto the balcony and tried to peep through the window
of Rubah's bedroom. Luckily, Rubah had failed to close her curtains
properly and with the aid of the dim light of a night lamp bedside
her bed, I was able to see that she was lying on her stomach naked.
It was only when she pulled her hands from beneath her stomach and
sniffed her fingers that I suspected that she had been masturbating.

I forgot all about a smoke right there and then. My cock came up hard
in my shorts and had to be seen to. As Rubah fell asleep naked on her
bed, I pulled my cock mercilessly until I drenched my shorts with my
sticky hot seed..

The next day, while Rubah went out with our Khala to buy some things,
I went into her room to check out a few things. I had decided that I
would love to peep on Rubah but, I realised that it would be risky to
spy on her from the balcony. Someone might see me.

The wardrobe, the door keyhole and the other obvious places were, I
found useless. Either they offered no clear line of sight or else
were too risky.

I then had a brilliant idea. I would use my PC and a miniature PC
camera to spy on Rubah.

An hour later, I was hooked up and ready for action. The camera was
in the best possible place I could think of, the top of her wardrobe.
With all the things she had piled up there, she wouldn't notice the
miniature camera. It also gave a panoramic view of the bed.

I saw her every night after that. She always put her fingers in her
cunt when she was lying naked on her bed. At first I didn't believe
it when she took two fingers at one time, into her shaved pussy. She
also pumped her breasts and tweaked her nipples as she got herself
off. As the critical moment would approach she would spread her legs
very wide and push her fingers in her cunt as deep as possible.

Needless to say, there were a lot of used tissue papers on my bedroom
floor when Rubah came to sweep up next day.

After a week of this in house sex show, I added another miniature
camera to my PC and put it in the bathroom. I was later to learn what
a GOOD mistake this was.

My PC and I now discovered the wonderful world of Rubah in the
shower. The first time she applied hair removal cream to her pussy
and ass crack, I nearly fell off my chair. A great mystery had been
solved. I now knew how Pakistani girls kept them selves hairless.

She saw the camera after a few days. She suddenly looked up at the
camera in the bathroom and seemed to realise at once what was going
on. I thought that I was dead. But, to my surprise, nothing happened.

The next day, I couldn't get into Rubah's bathroom as she had locked
the door. Rubah came to sweep and mop my room as usual. She acted
normally with me and I began to doubt whether she had really seen the
camera.

I went to University as usual next day. When I came home, I was
passing Rubah's room when I heard the sound of singing. I knew that
Rubah liked to sing in the shower and rushed to my room. Locking the
door I turned my PC on and found that the cameras were still on line.
There in the shower I saw the full ass of a woman as she bent down to
wash her feet. I took my cock out of my jeans and briefs and began
stroking it as I watched the lovely ass on the screen only when the
woman stood up and turned to face the camera, did I see that it was
my Khala and not Rubah showering. I was momentarily stunned but soon
began to take in the full figured body of my Khala. She was in good
shape for a woman of 38 or 39. (I was certain that she wasn't the 29
she claimed to be). Here breasts were surprisingly smaller then
Rubah's but just as perky. Her stomach was flat and her hips just the
way I liked them, a little on the wide side. Her pussy was
shaved .Her hair was however short, a Courtney Cox style gone wrong.
It did however suit her.

If I felt no guilt peeping on my sister, why should spying on my aunt
be a problem? Khala finished her shower and began to dry herself,
paying particular attention to her pussy. As she stepped into Rubah's
room I heard Rubah call out that she was home. I quickly turned the
PC off and went to take a shower to cool off.

That evening I watched Khala move around the apartment from a
different angle. She became a sexy woman to me for the first time.

At the dinner table that night, Rubah sat opposite me and smirked as
she saw my eyes follow Khala around. Mamoo and Khala left the table
after finishing their meal and Rubah and I cleared the dishes off the
table as usual. It was then that Rubah said to me "You are a naughty
boy"

I looked at her and asked "what do you mean?'

"The camera" she continued "I saw it and I checked your PC out while
you were University today. Naughty boy!"

With that she picked up an empty coke bottle and winking at me,
walked off to her room with it.

I stood in the Kitchen for a minute or so, bathed in a cold sweat at
Rubah's words. She knew what I had been doing. My Khala came in and
seeing my condition asked me to go and lie down as I looked unwell.

Once in my room, I found a note stuck on my PC monitor. It read 'Turn
me on cameraman'

After a moments hesitation I did so there on the screen was Rubah,
naked on her bed feeding the neck of the coke bottle into her cunt. I
watched her apply hand cream to her cunt and the coke bottle neck and
re-insert it slowly into her pussy. My hand went to my cock as it
strained to escape from my jeans. (I must admit that my prick,
although not a 9 inch monster has proven very acceptable to those
girls who I have fucked). After five or ten minutes, Rubah removed
the coke bottle from her pussy and held it up to the camera With her
other hand she made the ' come here' wave at the camera..

I switched the PC off and went to my sister's bedroom door. Knocking
gently I waited for her to open it. After a few moments, she opened
the door and told me to come in quickly.

My sister was dressed in a silky pink night gown, now. She said "I
was wondering when you would get the hint." She looked down at my
bulging jeans and said "Glad to see you have something for me". I
unzipped my jeans and pushed them along with my briefs down, my Prick
sprung out into view.

I said "I have something better then a coke bottle'

She laughed and quickly stripped naked. Taking my cock in her hands
she rubbed it and said "Oh yes. This is much better".

With those words she knelt down and took my prick into her mouth.
Gently fondling my balls as her tongue danced with my cock. In
seconds she had me spilling my juice into her mouth.

She stood up and kissed me on the lips as my hands grabbed hold of
her ass and my still hard cock pressed against her stomach.

Just then, Mamoo called out "Rubah? Telephone call for you!"

Rubah replied "Coming Mamoo!"

As she pulled away and began dressing she told me to come back at 3am
when everyone was asleep. Then she went out to attend her call. As
she hurried out of the room to answer the phone, I looked down at my
shinning spit coated cock and gave it a gentle tug. I heard a gasp
from the doorway. Khala stood there with a shocked look on her face
staring at me. Before I could think of anything to say, she turned
and hurried away.

I quickly pulled my jeans and briefs up and went to my room and
waited yet again for the heavens to fall on me. But again, nothing
happened.

As planned, at 3 am I went to Rubah's room and after stripping naked
I lay on the bed beside her. I took her breast in my hands and began
to suck on her nipples. As I rubbed my hard cock against her soft
smooth skin on her hips, she whispered "Shahzad, Fuck me as hard as
you can. I feel like being fucked senseless. Rip my cunt apart with
your cock"

I squeezed her tits hard and sucked on her nipples like I was trying
to get milk out of them. She groaned and sighed and pulled and pushed
me onto her and into fucking position.

"Oh fuck me! "She pleaded "Yassir hasn't fucked me with his huge cock
for days"

Yassir was her fiance. His family lived in the apartment building
opposite ours. A nice respectable boy with a good job and obviously a
big cock which had been pumping Rubah hard. I said nothing about
Yassir. Although my suspicions about him fucking Rubah were now
confirmed, I was too concerned with getting my cock into Rubah to
worry about Yassir screwing Rubah before marriage.

I pressed her breasts very tightly. She groaned" ooooohhhh yaaaaaaahh
aaaaaaaaa fuck me Shazoo (my nickname)"

Reaching between our bodies, she took hold of my cock and placed it
at her cunt hole

"Fuck me hard Shazoo" she whispered "Make me squeal like Yassir does".

Taking firm hold of her hips, I thrust my prick all the way up her
hole in one swift action. I watched as her eyes widened and she
caught her breath. I kept my cock deep in her for a few second then I
began the classic in out fucking motion. Her legs wrapped around my
waist as her arms flayed around. Her hands tweaking her nipples,
feeding them into my mouth as I bent my neck to suckle them with my
mouth.

"OH YES!" she panted "Do me hard. Bust my cunt"

I increased my pace. Moving forward slightly so that now my in out
thrust was more up and down. My balls slapped against her ass as I
felt her cunt juice wash over my balls and trickle down the crack of
her butt onto the white bed sheet.

I was pounding away at Rubah my hands either side of her chest, my
arms rigid as I put all my energy into fucking Rubah's hot hole.

The bed creaked and moved with the force of our fucking. Rubah put
her fist in her mouth and squealed as I felt a sudden rush of wetness
sweep over my balls.

I felt my own crisis approach and with a final lung, shot my load
into Rubah.

It was then that I realised that someone had entered the room.

I quickly pulled out if Rubah and jumped to my feet.

Standing there in her sleeping suit was my Khala. She looked quite
shocked. She obviously had seen us fucking and was still digesting it
all.

She suddenly said "Never mind. I am fed up with sucking your Mamoo's
limp cock. I sometimes wonder how he managed to pop my cherry".

She came over to me and took hold of my deflated cock.

"Was he good Rubah?" She asked drinking my body in with her eyes"

"Oh Yes" Replied Rubah "very good Khala. You will enjoy him fucking
you".

Still gently massaging my cock Khala said "Don't worry Shahzad.
Incest is almost a family tradition. Your Mamoo and father used to
fuck me senseless when we were younger. Even holier-then- thou Sabeen
would gladly get her ass pumped by your father.

This was all so amazing. I couldn't take it in and sat down on the
foot of the bed. What? Even sweet GOD fearing Sabeen Khala would have
sex with her brothers? It was too much.

"I was a little surprised to see you fucking Rubah, though' she said
sitting down beside me and gently stroking my thighs. Rubah sat
behind me and began to rub my shoulders. "Your Mamoo and I thought
Yassir had come back from Lahore and sneaked in to Rubah's room when
we heard the bed shaking so much"

"You and Mamoo were in the same room?" I asked in a puzzled voice.

"Yes Shazoo. You're Mamoo and I often sleep together. Tonight though,
Your Mamoo couldn't manage a hard on no matter how hard I sucked him"
She said with a smile.

"He was at Mrs. Rasheeds house this afternoon" Rubah offered.

"Ah!" Khala said nodding " she must have exhausted him'.

All this hot talk about incest and Mrs. Rasheed, our next door
neighbour had filled my head with images that brought my cock back up
hard under Khala's fingers.

Rubah and Khala smiled at each other.

"Khala is hot Shazoo" Rubah whispered in my ear. "You have a chance
to fuck her too".

I suddenly realised how lucky I was. I had, here in my house, a
couple of whores ready and willing to get fucked by me. The news that
Mamoo and My Father fucked their sisters although shocking seemed to
make my fucking Rubah normal. It also really turned me on.

With this in my mind and Rubah nibbling on my ear, I said to Khala "
Suck my prick If you want me to fuck you hard:

Without a word Khala knelt before me, pulled my knees apart and took
my cock into her mouth.

While this was happening, Rubah pulled me backwards down onto my back
and sitting astride my face said "You eat my pussy Shahzad as payment
for seeing Khala taking a shower in my bathroom.. I hope my
little 'change of show 'pleased you".

She eased her pussy down over my mouth; the scent of her filled my
nostrils as I went to work on eating her pussy. My hands came to grip
her ass cheeks as I lapped and sucked our mingled juices from her
cunt.

After some time my Khala said "Shazoo honey, I need to feel your cock
in my fuck hole."

Rubah however said "No! Fuck me first. I'm your sister so fuck me
first.

Khala grabbed hold of my cock and told Rubah "you got it once
already. I have the next ride'.

Rubah said "ok Khala But you have to eat my pussy while he fucks you.
Shahzad has made me so damned horny with his tongue"

I listened to this with great interest. A smile on my face as these
two hot pieces of ass argued over who would get fucked next.

Khala agreed. Rubah lay down on the bed and Khala pulled her shalwar
(Trousers) and panties down, and pulled her Kamiz (shirt) off. She
worn no bra just a cream camisole. She then assumed the doggy style
position with her face between Rubah's legs. She began to lick and
probe Rubah's cunt with her tongue as Rubah held her cunt lips open.

"Done this before?" I asked with a smirk

"Lots of times Shazoo "Khala replied" Sabeen and I used to do this
almost daily"

Then slapping Rubah gently on the ass she said " This one too likes a
lick in the morning" Especially after Yassir has left his seed oozing
out of her hole"

I meanwhile had moved behind my Khala and taking my prick in hand, I
guided it into her wet hot fuck hole. She sighed as I eased my cock
into her.

"That's the way Shazoo. Just what I need! A hard cock! Fuck Nida
Rasheed! Khala said obviously annoyed that Mamoo had exhausted
himself fucking Mrs. Rasheed. I made a quick mental note to try my
luck with Mrs. Rasheed myself, one day.

I started to fuck my own Khala. She was busy sucking Rubah's cunt,
which was so hungry for attention. Both were looking very hot as I
slammed my cock meat in and out of My Khala's hot fuck hole, drinking
in every second of the sex show before me.

"Aaaaaaa ooooooooo yaaaaaaaa ooooh yes yes Fuck me! Fuck me hard
Shazoo! Khala panted between laps of Rubah's cunt. "Fuck me hard!
Make me cum hard all over your beautiful prick".

With the sight before and with her hot words ringing in my ears, I
knew that I wouldn't last long. Holding on to Khala's hips, I dug my
fingers into her fleshy buttocks and spying her hairless anus, moved
my finger to it and after spitting onto her butt hole, I probed her
anus with my finger.

"Oh "Khala gasped "CUM NOW! CUM NOW!"

I felt her cunt turn very hot and wet and knew that her juice would
soon drip out of her cunt as I too came in her. Our Juices mingling
and dripping onto the bed sheet as jet after jet of seed shot into
her overflowing hole.

We held the position as our orgasm passed.

Panting and shaking slightly I pulled out of my Khala, She moved up
beside Rubah and kissed her on the mouth.

"I needed that" She said catching her breath.

I sat down on the bed and leaning forwards, with my arms resting on
my knees, I caught my breath slowly, and began to breath easily. What
I night. First I fucked my sister. Then I fucked my Khala!

"Come on Shazoo "I heard my Khala say quickly rejuvenated "A young
man like you can still get it up. Your father would fuck me 3 or 4
times and the fuck Sabeen twice before he'd give up".

She again got into the doggy position and said "This time take me in
the butt hole"

I needed no second invitation. My cock was up in seconds. Hard as a
rock and eager to go, my cock throbbed at the sight of her hairless
anus. Dipping my cock in her cum filled cunt, for lubrication, I
started to fuck Khala in her ass. She was enjoying it as much as me.
Her butt hole had obviously been well used over the years as it was
far looser then any butt hole I had fucked before.

Many of the dates I had managed to have sex with had only been
willing to take my cock up their ass holes. All eager to 'save their
hymens for their wedding night fuck" with hubby.

Rubah came to my side and she said "Hey. Don't give that all to that
whore. Save some for me Shazoo".

Khala heard her and laughed "Don't worry Rubah, Shazoo has the balls
of a bull" She said.

I kept up the pumping action, driving my cock in and out of her butt
hole.

Rubah went behind me and reached between my legs. As she kissed my
neck and shoulder and reached round to rub my chest, her other hand
moved between my legs, her fingers having traced there way down along
my ass crack, to cup my swinging balls.

"Come on Shazoo" she said "take your pleasure and fuck that whore's
ass hard. Fill her up with your spunk Shazoo. Just make sure your
cock has enough left for me"

My pace increased to the approval of both women. Khala panted and
squealed as I fucked her hard. I could hold on no longer. The fingers
playing with my balls, Rubah's hot breath on my neck, and the tight
hot grip of Khala's ass sent my spunk racing up my cock shaft into
her ass.

Standing up after I had withdrawn my prick "Khala turned to me and
said "You are just as good as your father". She got dressed again and
kissing me on the mouth said "that was great. You come a see me soon.
Don't deny me the pleasure of your cock by giving it all to Rubah.
Now, go give Rubah the fuck she has been panting for."

With a smile she walked slowly from the room looking back over her
shoulder she said" Shazoo, I can hardly walk!" She laughed and closed
the bedroom door.Rubah took my hand and said "You lie down. I want to
be on top."

Cleaning my cock with a damp towel, she then got astride of it ,
sucked in back from semi hard to rock hard and holding the head
against her cunt hole, sat on it.

I watched her tits pounce up and down as she rode my cock hard. My
hands toyed with her nipples as I watched my cock appear and
disappear into her hole.

After ten minutes of this, I grabbed her and rolling her onto her
back I said "I want you ass hole, Rubah. I want to fuck your butt
hard".

She agreed and got into the doggy position. Reaching in the draw of
the bedside table she fished out a jar of Vaseline and handing it to
me she said "Yassir won't mind"

I greased my cock up and pushed it hard into Rubah's ass hole. As I
had guessed from her little remark earlier, Yassir had well and truly
loosened it up. It was still tight and a good fuck but obviously not
virgin. I admit that I was a bit disappointed.

As I fucked her hard in the ass, I said "Yassir has really used your
ass hole well" I gritted my teeth and said "Shit! Yassir has really
busted your cunt and ass. Ask him not to fuck you so much."

Rubah just groaned and panted "Do me Shazoo! Fuck Yassir!"

I was by now quite exhausted myself. Only the thought of out doing
Yassir kept me pumping away at Rubah's lovely butt, slamming my cock
up her anal passage like a machine piston. I couldn't last long. I
had already drained my balls by shooting my cream three times in two
hours into Khala and Rubah. I wasn't super human. I willed the last
drops of spunk up from my almost dry balls and into Rubah's ass hole.

After that, I pulled out and lay down panting beside her on the now
spunk, cum and sweat stained bed sheet. My balls ached as my prick
shrivelled up.

After ten Rubah said "Shazoo, your cock isn't as big as Yassir's but
you sure use it well" "You have a great way of fucking Shazoo. Yassir
just rams it in and shoots off after a few hard pumps" She added,
breathing heavily.

"Tell Yassir to spare your holes for me" I quipped

Rubah laughed and said "Yassir isn't going to spare my ass or cunt no
matter what I say. He just is so fucking horny. If I don't give to
him, Khala will. She has already asked me to arrange an opportunity
for her to seduce him. And I know Yassir thinks Khala is hot. Mrs
Rasheed already does get fucked by Yassir, though He thinks I don't
know about it"

"Well" I said "I think Yassir and I have a lot in common. I too am
horny and I too need pussy on a regular basis or else"

"'Or else' what?" Rubah asked with a laugh

"Oh" I replied "I may just pay Mrs Rasheed a visit too".

We both burst out laughing. Rubah then kissed me and said "Shazoo,
Khala and I will take care of all your sexual needs, don't worry
about it" With that she sent me off to my room. Just As I was about
to leave, I turned and asked "has Mamoo ever fucked you?'

Rubah smirked and replied "What do you think Shazoo?"

In my own bed, I fell into a deep sleep. Totally exhausted from my
night of incestuous fucking,. My head filled with visions of Rubah,
Khala, Mrs Rasheed and Sabeen Khala getting fucked senseless by
countless men. I slept the sleep of the dead