Sheer Nakedness
by hockeydude Â©

Amy introduced me to thongs, skipping thongs; she introduced me to many 
things. We had a lot of fun with sex, and was it ever hot.

Our first date Amy dropped her fork and it landed such that it was easier 
to pick up. As I leaned over I tried to steal a look up her skirt. Kind of 
pushing my luck for a first date, but figured what the heck, she dropped 
her fork. Maybe she was trying to offer a view. Holy cow thigh high 
stockings and a brown panty that seemed to match the bra strap I had 
already seen. Later in the evening I was able to see the line of that 
brown panty, it was a thong. I had never dated a girl who would wear a 
thong before, but thought they were incredibly sexy! In my mind this 
started our fun with lingerie and sex.

One morning not to long after, Amy was dressing for work and I was still 
in bed. I was sleepy from a great night of sex the night before. She 
seemed to slip right into her pants straight from her towel. She must have 
slipped on some knickers I thought, but the thought of her without would 
cause my mind to race all day. I saw her later that day, and had to ask, 
knickers or not? Not a stitch on under her pants. She told me how hot not 
having knickers on made her during the day. Quickly our conversation turned 
to sex, and not long after so did our actions. It was such a thrill 
pulling off her pants knowing there was nothing else left hiding her 
amazing body.

Amy left for work in the morning wearing a simple little dress. I made 
sure to be awake this morning to see her get dressed. Get dressed she did. 
She put on a show for me. Putting on her bra, she slowly put lotion all 
over her body. She slipped into her dress, and put on her sandals. Her 
dress slid up to show all of her tan leg as she put each foot up on the 
bed to buckle her sandals. A quick flash of her beautiful ass and she was 
off, leaving my mind in the gutter all day. Thinking sexual thoughts of 
this girl who loved to tease me. She called me from work today to tell me 
she had some fun planned for tonight. If thoughts of her without knickers 
were as good as they were, she promised even better.

Picking her up, she flashed me her bare snatch as she walked up to the 
car. At work! Wow. She kissed me deep and told me to drive to the mall. 
Amy proceeded to tell me how she had always dreamed of showing off her 
body, being naked in public. She wanted to be naked without being naked. 
Our first stop was to pick up some lingerie. She found a sexy sheer black 
number, and a pair of black thigh high’s. No need for a thong she said, 
how else was she going to be naked? Next stop with found just the right 
black short skirt. Short, but not to, clingy, but not to. A slit on the 
thigh would let her show her stockings to the masses. She now needed to 
find a top, a black sheer button front blouse.

We planned the next night to go to a cool new club and for her to strut 
her stuff. She dressed first by putting on her bra. Wow, you can see 
nipple clear as day. Next came the shirt, the two materials made it hard 
to make out nipples, but it you looked more than a second or so, you could 
clearly make them out. Perfect she thought. Now she slid on her skirt, and 
her thigh high stockings. She felt so exposed, so hot. A pair of black 
high heels made the outfit. She was in her outfit when I got there. I got 
an instant hard on, I so wanted to fuck her right there. 

She told me I would have to wait until she had turned on everyone at the 
club. The bouncer made some comment about keeping weapons concealed as we 
headed in the door. It was dark inside so the two sheer materials were a 
bit harder to see through but as soon as the guys noticed everyone 
couldn’t pull their eyes away. Sitting right next to her I could see her 
nipples were hard, hard as rocks. She was turned on doing this. She told 
me she wanted to show off her stockings, and snatch. She found her mark a 
group a guys sitting together. Amy sent me to go watch her turn these guys 
on. She moved around in her chair so that the tops of her stockings were 
clear as day. She didn’t bother to cross her leg as she looked off into 
the distance pretending not to notice them drooling. They could see 
straight up her skirt as could I. Just their view was a lot closer. Even 
dark inside they could easily see her snatch. Their glances had turned to 
all out staring. Amy wanted to dance. 

She got down from her stool without any care if her skirt rode up. It did 
so that her snatch was in plain view of all. She was getting to be naked 
without being naked. She told me she was having a great time as we started 
to dance. I told her I need to have sex right away as the tent in my pants 
was as clear as her hard nipples. She told me she had to go to the little 
girls room first. When she came out she hurried over to the guys and gave 
one a kiss on his cheek and handed him something. As we walked out of the 
club, I could see she took off her bra and had given it to the guys. You 
could see her breast clearly through her top now. When we got to our 
parking garage Amy told me she was so hot, but wanted to go farther than 
planned. She started to strip right there. We could hear voices it was so 
exciting. Someone could see her naked. I thing I must have creamed my 
shorts right there holding her clothes in one hand, and her hand in the 
other.