"Recon" by Eagle1 (MMMMFF, rape, asian, military)

The swamp was humid and sticky. I inclined my eyes to observe the canopy of branches above me. The blazing sun overhead was beating down through the leaves.

I think I would rather have been anywhere else in the world. Insects buzzed around me, moving in slow motion through the thick air. There wasnt even an indication of a breeze and I figured the temperature with the heat index mustve been well over one hundred degrees Fahrenheit.

Moving just enough to keep my circulation flowing, I stood otherwise perfectly still, as still as the terrain around me. Such was my training. I would sit there for hours if necessary, had in fact sat nearly motionless for hours already.

The four of us were on a recon assignment.

My buddies and I were doing specials ops scoping out the local terrorist militias in a unnamed south Asian country. It wasnt one of those sanctioned by the government sorts of assignments either. Rather it was one of those clandestine the secretary will disavow any knowledge of our existence jobs. 

Mostly it was just boring, man. I hadnt even gotten to discharge any ammo or blow any shit up. Wed just been hiding out here for maybe a week, moving around the countryside getting intel and hiding from both the inept army units of the local government and the slightly less inept terrorist militias.

I nodded to Tom Murphy across the way and he signaled back.

He was sitting deep in the morass a few feet to the left of me. Erik Jackson and Mike Peterson were off scouting up ahead. None of us had said more than a few words to one another for the last couple days. We were well trained in the use of hand signals and other non-verbal forms of communications.

Hell, the shit Id been through with these guys, I knew them well enough that we didnt need to communicate at all.

We were operating under such strict silence because we were deep in unknown territory. Not that we were lost mind you. No, we were men on a mission. Our government just wasnt sure who the hell was really in charge here. It changed seemingly on a daily basis. Since we werent supposed to be there anyway, it would be fucked up if we got ourselves killed and never got back stateside again.

Anyway, back to the ass deep water and the incredibly large bugs.

A lot of shit was going through my mind as I sat there. Why I had joined up with this outfit in the first place. I had been to college. I had a degree. And I couldve been making a hell of a lot of money somewhere else. But then I wouldve been just a soft man behind a desk.

So, still up to my balls in swamp muck.

Like most guys, I guess, when theres nothing else to think about, my thoughts had inevitably meandered towards women for most of the morning.

Women and wet feet, that is.

You see unlike some of my fellows, I had no steady girl back home. They called me a player. A stud. Whatever other glib phrases were apropos to describe it. They envied my luck with the ladies. My guilt free ability to move from screwing one babe to another, adding more notches to my belt. Trouble was those guys had no trouble picking up a girl at a bar, nailing her senseless, and then going home on leave and getting some from their steady fucks and wives too.

So who exactly was the lucky one?

Every time I was on leave I had to scrounge up my own snatch the hard way, while they went to bed with their steadies. I was thinking maybe I needed to rethink my strategy.

But, man, listen to me, I sound as bad as some old fucking woman.

This is what too much time and not enough pussy does to a man. Makes you think about things, makes you kinda crazy, man. Im too young and hung for that shit. And Im not ready for some girl who wants to change me into her idea of the perfect man.

Fortunately, Peterson chose that moment to come back and save me from myself.

Murphy and I perked up instantly.

SOk, Peterson whispered, We can talk.

He gave us a quick breakdown. We were closer to the urban area on the island than we had thought. Our bearings must have been off by a few degrees north. From what he had observed, the terrorist militias were over on the far side of the island.

We decided to move out and make for the mountains about fifty miles southwest. Thats where our unit would be pulled out.

Jackson was the senior officer in charge and he ordered us to move out. So we four headed on our way, moving carefully through the underbrush parallel to an old road. I cant speak for everyone there but I know this white boy didnt like the heat all that much, or at least Id have enjoyed it better next to a pool with a supermodel on my lap, if you know what I mean.

We had striped down to our green tank top undershirts and greasepaint.

The sweat poured out of my body, causing the material to cling like a second skin. Our dog tags were hidden under the fabric to keep from glinting in the sunlight. My pants too, wet from the swamp, clung to my legs. Maybe its never happened to you, but sometimes, dude, I just cant help myself. I was hanging low as it was with all the horny thoughts that had been in my head earlier and now the warm sticky material clinging to my jock was rubbing against me like a womans gentle caress. Well, the more I thought about it the more I tried not too. I couldnt help but start to get firmer.

Nothing like cutting down the underbrush, carrying a heavy pack, while sporting one whopper of a boner.

Luckily, I was hanging back in the rear. Not that the boner was a problem, I mean mostly it was plain embarrassing. There wasnt a man there who would doubt my sexuality a whit, but still, cmon. I didnt want the teasing.

Thankfully, Murphy signaled a halt to our trek. The word was relayed back to me by signal that something had been found up ahead. Apparently there were two civilians, or what appeared to be civilians, up a head of us. We moved up slowly and carefully to see what Murphy was talking about.

Sure enough there were two women. Asian by the look of it.

One was older than the other.

Both carrying on an animated conversation, seemingly unaware that they were in some dangerous countryside.

I heard Peterson snicker.

Whats so funny, man? I whispered to him.

Nothing, man, its just that, well, he paused a second, They seem lost.

Jackson whispered quietly in my other ear, Theyre Japs, man. I speak some Japanese. Mother and daughter. Theyre lost. Drove out from the city on vacation.

Mmmm, said Murphy under his breath, I love sushi.

We sat there for a moment, marveling at our predicament. My little soldier, far from standing at ease, was now back to full attention, and I wasnt the only one. The heat and boredom had made us all pretty randy.

Well, I said, gesturing, We have to go that way. So what are we going to do?

There was some quick discussion about options, but no one wanted to backtrack.

Again I looked over at the women.

The older one must have been in her forties to have a daughter that old. She was petite, but still very beautiful. Her breasts were not as big as the hooters I was used too on American girls, but they looked firm and round enough to get a handle on. She was shorter than her daughter and her hair was cut shoulder length. Her outfit was conservative, even for the heat, with a high collar disguising all her cleavage and skin. A long sundress of flowered print hid her legs.

Now the daughter on the other hand, was more to my liking. She was taller than her mother. Her clothes were designer, showing off her smooth flat stomach. She didnt really have much in the way of tits, but her firm round ass under those gorgeous tight shorts more than made up for that. Both women had lovely light brown skin and expensive sunglasses covered their eyes.

Seems like such a shame, said Jackson wistfully.

I figured we all got his meaning.

There was something illicit in the knowing. Its the feeling you get when you know youre doing something bad, but no one can or will catch you. Like having sex on your bosss desk, or my personal favorite, when I cant have raunchy hardcore sex, is beating off in strange and unusual places.

Yeah, man, the possibilities were endless. 

For emphasis though, Peterson added, Wheres the shame?

Like old hands in unspoken agreement, we set our packs down. Glancing at one another we had each begun to stroke our boners. We were still covered in enough concealing green and brown grease paint that we would be difficult to recognize, at least at first, as being local militia, terrorists, or whatever.

My buddies and I each kept his weapon with us, just in case.

Pantherlike we maneuvered to where they were standing, near the hood of their car, arguing over a large spread out map.

Murphy and I hung back, weapons ready for emphasis, while Jackson and Peterson moved in with lighting speed and secured our quarry firmly in their arms.

Jackson said something in Japanese and the women stopped struggling.

Heres where the fun begins I guess.

The closer look I got of the daughter revealed a girl that couldnt have been much more than nineteen or twenty. She looked right at me defiantly. I just pulled the brim of my hat a little lower over my handsome dirty face, trying to look as macho as possible, as she looked me up and down.

Ive seen women stare at me before and I think under different circumstances that she would have been more than interested.

Her mother was another story altogether though. I think she might have thought she was going to get through this easy. She was wrong. She pleaded with us in a language I didnt understand, but aside from Jacksons occasional orders in Japanese, we maintained strict silence. Jackson held his knife to her throat to keep her from screaming.

All I knew was that I was too hard to turn back now and I wanted to work my sword in the forge of someones fire. Murphy went up to the mother still held in Jacksons firm grip. I think he had a thing for older women. Using his knife, he cut open her blouse and bra, so that her little titties hung free to the world. One undeniable thing about those Asian bitches Ill never understand is how they keep themselves looking so good for so long. Murphy couldnt help himself and he cut away her dress and panties too so that she was naked to the world. I marveled at her little pussy, the pinkish brown lips looked the kind you might find on a woman half her age. You know how some of those well-used cunts start to hang out after a while. There was none of that here.

Peterson pushed the daughter into my arms, where I held her securely, and then he moved to feel up the mothers right breast. Murphy got on his knees and started to suck on the mothers cunt, lapping and sucking like a dog. Jackson used his free hand to cup the other breast.

I wasnt one to be left out, so I moved to get my honeys clothes off too.

I ripped off her t-shirt and bra, and then pushed down her shorts and panties so that her naked ass was pressed against the front of my fatigues. Oh, heavenly feeling. With one hand on her throat, my free hand explored over all her areas, her tits, and down to my favorite part, the cunt. I moved my fingers inside and met with the wet skin, hot and moist like the air outside. The slut was enjoying me, even if her mother wasnt having a very good time. My tongue licked over the sticky wet fingers I brought to my lips. She tasted wholesome and good. I nuzzled the perfume of her neck lost in the feminine intoxication. I went back to fingering her pussy hole and clit. With my other hand I forced her to watch the ministration of my buddies on her mother.

The other guys had changed positions. Mom was bent over the hood of the car and was again pleading frantically.

Jackson said something savage to her and slapped her firmly on her upturned ass. He had lowered his pants and his jock strap. Soon his firm dick was working its way down the crack of her ass and entering her slut hole.

It was a violation of her innermost temple, no doubt about it.

Mom was too scared and embarrassed by the circumstances to take any pleasure in the act of fucking. He pumped into her like she he was a dog and she was his bitch. He fucked her good.

Jackson fucked her for a lovely long time, as we all watched, savoring the pleasure her orifice caused his aching cock.

Excited by the show, I undid the restraints holding back my monster. Moving aside my army issue briefs, I pulled out my steely jock, rubbing it against the soft skin of the small of her back.

Looking up I could see that Jackson had shot his load and moved aside so that Peterson could plug her cunt with his shaft too. He was humping like a mad hamster.

All the excited, thrilling feelings a man gets before he knows hes gonna get laid were coursing through me. I couldnt help myself any longer, with the smell of sex in the moist air. I gave in to my needs. I whipped my startled little flower around so that I became the sole focus of her attention. In spite of herself, sticky rivulets of pussy juice had started running down her inner thighs. My questing cock had a mind of its own and it was seeking the pussy it hadnt had in so long. But things being what they were, I was too damned tall at six feet, three inches for my plumbing to match up with her shorter height, as she only came up to my shoulders.

I pulled her legs out from underneath her; so she landed firmly on the soft, not quite muddy earth. In seconds my muscular two hundred twenty pounds had pinned her startled form to the ground. I tossed my rifle to Murphy and moved my mouth down for a first hand view of those precious little tits. Her nipples were dark and small, playfully I pulled one into my mouth sucking and nibbling at the sensitive skin until I drew an excited moan from the bitch. This wasnt my girlfriend though, hell she wasnt even a ten-dollar hooker, this bitch was mine and I wasnt worried about foreplay. Besides from the feeling around her engorged lips, she was more than ready.

Roughly I inserted the first of my nearly ten inch dick inside her. She was wet enough that I could work my way in, but she was incredibly tight. She gasped in pain at my entrance. I moved my steel rod in and out, using each thrust to push further inside her.

Then I came on something totally unexpected. Her cherry was still intact. I would have thought a little cock tease like her wouldve gotten her shit totally fucked by one of those little Jap gangbanger punks back home.

Mmmm. Easy breezy Japanese.

This day just couldnt get any better. I hadnt deflowered a cherry since I was in college.

Too bad I couldnt share my little revelation with the guys, but it didnt mean I couldnt savor the sensation. I probed the barrier of her hymen, preparing myself for the moment, making sure the tip of my cock was well lubricated in her juices. Then quickly I tore through the protective flesh and forced the remainder of my massive thick trunk up into the depths of her womb.

She cried out in pain and terror, at the invasion of her cherry.

The excitement and the long build up had my big balls boiling and once I felt the head of my cock reach maximum penetration I knew that I wasnt going to be able to manage much more. Sure enough I after a few awkward thrusts I shot my load inside her.

I pulled out and looked up to see Murphy taking his turn with the mother. Jackson was watching me. I stood up and showed him the streak of blood around my shaft. He took my meaning immediately and nudged Peterson, intent on finding out for himself.

I got to the mother just as Murphy was finishing up depositing his load with the first two.

The mothers eyes were closed and tears were running down her face. I pulled her off the hood of the car and forced her down in front of me. I offered her up my cock still coated with her daughters virgin blood. She closed her mouth tightly, refusing to give me any satisfaction. I grabbed her by the hair forcing her mouth open, and fed my dick to her mouth until she had taken in about four inches of length. I then felt the sensation of her tongue sucking on my cock. I didnt want her to try anything stupid, so I firmly held her head in case she tried to bite down. I fucked into her face for a few minutes, but as I could only get the end of my dick in it wasnt very satisfying.

I picked her up in the air and wrapped her legs around me, so that I could spear her used cunt for sloppy seconds. Once my cock was up her slit in one thrust, I quickly realized she wasnt as tight as her daughters cunt, especially after being fucked by three big cock-swinging Marines. But since I had the biggest cock of the lot, I stretched her out even further. The moist wet lubrication felt good against my second throbbing boner of the day, oiling me down. Murphy came up behind her and we made a sandwich as he worked into her rosebud ass, his short fat cock moved in rhythm to mine in her cunt. Murphy and I had both recently cum, so we where able to enjoy this for quite a while, before we gave into another orgasm.

But all good things must end, and so it was time to go.

We had stayed far too long in one spot and we had a long way still to go to meet our ride home. Both the mother and the daughter had passed out, so we put them back in their car. Im sure that they could blame their little adventure on either the locals or the terrorists.

As for us, well, we were flown outta there by sunset, never to return. You can be damned sure that little adventure did not go into our reports.

* * *

Copyright  2001, 2009 by Eagle1. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.