**Part 1: Our First Time with Mom**
My sister Alison and I were sitting on the couch watching TV. It was a Saturday night and neither of us had any plans. There was nothing on that was worth watching, and some how we had landed on Baywatch. After about a half an hour of making fun of the show, I started to realize that it was making me horny. When the entire cast of the show rarely wears anything less revealing then a bathing suite it is hard not to notice the hard abs, swelling breasts, and the occasional erect nipple.
Ali was sitting next to me on the couch in our family room. I leaned over toward her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. She turned to me with a devilish smile on her face. "Have the scantily clad cast been getting to you too?" she asked before forcing her tongue into my mouth. I pulled her closer to me, savoring the sensations generated by our kiss. Reaching out, I grabbed hold of one of her breasts and started to massage it through the thin fabric of her T-shirt. It was already late, and the two of us were dressed for bed in long T-shirts, and panties. Alison went directly for my pussy. Her hand cupped my mound, rubbing it through my panties. I was already wet, and the moister quickly seeped through my underwear.
I have always enjoyed playing with my sister. Our tongues twisted together moving back and forth from her mouth to mine. I started to pull on her nipple through her shirt. Ali moaned into my mouth. She increased the ferocity of her attention on my pussy, and I released muffled moans into her mouth as well. Grabbing the hem of her shirt, I pulled it up an over her head, tossing it to the floor. Ali's magnificent tits were revealed. They were not huge, but about perfect in my estimation, large B cups. The nipples were standing fully erect, like eraser heads. I took one and then the other into my mouth, sucking and pulling them with my lips. Ali moaned her approval, and then took our activities up another level, by moving my panties aside and sliding a finger into my now dripping pussy.
Her fingers started to pump in and out of me, slowly increasing in pace. I moaned, as I pulled Ali's nipple into my mouth. I needed to taste my sister's pussy. I was so incredibly horny. I moved further down Ali's body, her fingers slid from inside me as my pussy moved out of her reach. I grabbed the crotch of her panties, and ripped them off; her moist pussy glistened in front of me. I needed to taste her so badly, but I wanted to make her beg, so I slowly circled her pussy with my tongue, not getting close enough to touch it. I could smell the odors of her excitement escaping from her opening. I slowly kissed my way down one thigh, and then the other. She started to rub her clit with her hand. "Oh no you don't," I said, "This pussy is mine; find your own to play with."
"Oh, Lisa, please eat my pussy. I need to feel your mouth on my clit." I didn't wait for any further invitation, and jammed my tongue into her pussy. I pulled her lips into my mouth, sucking her juices from them. She tasted sooo good. "Lick my clit, you slut."
Thinking that my sister had suffered long enough, I moved my attention to her clit, and sucked the little nub into my mouth, my tongue swirled around it, flicking across, and poking at her love button. "Ooooooooooohhhhhhhh," she moaned, "Fuck, Lisa, that feels good."
"That looks tasty."
I jumped at the sound of the new voice in the room. We were so enjoying each other, that neither of us had heard Mom enter the room. But there she was, standing over us, in her night gown. She had obviously come to wish us a good night, on her way to bed. In my state of extreme arousal, my sister's pussy juice still fresh on my lips, I noticed for the first time how very hot our mother was. It was a hot summer day, and she wore a thin night gown over only a pair of panties, clearly visible beneath. Her breasts swelled the neckline of her top, showing ample cleavage. I looked over at Ali, and saw in her eye's that she was having the same thoughts that I was.
"How long has this been going on?" she asked, seemingly completely unconcerned by the discovery that her daughters were fucking each other.
"About a year," I replied, as though this was no big deal. It had in fact become very normal for Ali and me. We often enjoyed each other when Ali was home on school vacation.
I could see that the strong scent of pussy in the air, coupled with the two of us naked (with the exception of the panties that I still wore soaked with my juices, and pulled aside to revel my swollen pussy), was starting to have some effect on Mom. Her nipples seemed to be a little more erect then they had been a few minutes ago.
"Well I didn't mean to interrupt, I just wanted to say goodnight. But, I think Ali was on the verge of cumming. You should finish what you started." With that, Mom turned to leave.
I now wanted to taste my mother's pussy more then anything. "How long has it been since you ate a nice tight pussy?" I called.
Mom looked over her shoulder. "Last summer when we were up at Aunt Jill's and Uncle Paul's," she replied. "Jill and I have been as close as you two since we were about your age."
Ali and I looked at each other; we had no idea that our mother had been eating her sister out, at the same time that we had first tasted each others pussies. Just thinking about it made my own pussy even wetter, which I had not thought was possible, I was so wet already.
"Why don't you come have a seat with us and tell us about your adventures with Aunt Jill." I moved away from Ali, to make room for Mom between us. Mom made her way around the couch and took the offered seat. Neither of us made any attempt to cover ourselves. I shifted in closer to Mom, which caused my legs to spread, my bare pussy pressed against her thigh. I reached for Mom's left breast, running my fingers over the thin fabric covering her flesh. I then let my hand slide under her night gown, as I shifted to her other breast, moved down to her nipple, and pulled softly at it. Ali leaned in and gave kissed Mom firmly on the lips. I saw their tongues caress each other as they slid from one mouth to the other.
I opened Mom's night gown exposing her full tits for the first time. They were magnificent. Larger then mine or Ali's and the nipples stood erect from the center of her dark areolas. They looked so tasty, I grabbed her right tit and started to nurse on her nipple; something I had not done since I was a baby. Ali's hand started to caress Mom's left tit as they continued their tongue play. Soon Ali shifted her attention down to Mom's other nipple, so that we each had a firm nipple in our mouths.
I flicked the hard nub with my tongue, and then pulled it into my mouth sucking on it. At the same time I was kneading Mom's wonderful tit, feeding the flesh into my mouth. Mom moaned as Ali & I sucked her nipples. I'm not sure exactly what it was, but there was something very erotic about sucking the tits that I suckled as a baby. My pussy was on fire as I thought that this was the same nipple that I had sucked milk from in the first years of my life. I wondered if Mom had felt the same pleasure then that she did now. I hoped that I was giving her more pleasure now. I wanted to make her cum. I wanted to taste her cum. I bit her nipple, and then sucked it back into my mouth, flicking it with my tongue.
I slowly moved down Mom's body, kissing her as I went. Her skin was warm on my lips. I slid down to her thighs, kissing and licking her the whole way. I slid to her inner thigh, and started to move back up. Mom spread her legs further apart, allowing me greater access to her treasures. I let my tongue draw a line up the inside of her thigh, straight to her center, though I did not move over her panty clad pussy. The smell was intoxicating. I wanted to taste her, but I also wanted to show Mom how much Ali and I had discovered about pleasing a women. I wanted to make Mom cum like she had never cum before. I started to place little kisses all around her pussy.
I looked up at Mom to see her reaction to the attention I was raining around her most sensitive area. She was moaning into Ali's mouth. Ali had her tongue as far down Mom's throat as it would go, while her fingers continued to kneed Mom's luscious tits. For her part Mom's hands were sliding all over Ali squeezing her tits and ass.
I could resist her scent no longer; I moved to Mom's barely covered snatch, extended my tongue and let it run over her slit from bottom to top. I could taste her through the thin fabric of her panties. There was a similarity between her taste and Ali's or mine, but there was something magical about the taste of my mother's pussy. I moved to her clit and started to suck it through her panties. I heard her gasp, but was so intoxicated by her taste I barely registered the sound. I now wanted to get into her pussy more then anything I had ever wanted.
I ripped Mom's panties from her twat. I was so filled with lust that I could not wait the time it would take to slide them down her long bare legs. Once the thin fabric had given way and Mom's pussy was fully exposed in front of me I lost what little control I had left. I plunged my tongue into her pussy. Licking it from bottom to top several times, each time I gave her clit a flick with my tongue. I then centered my attention on her clit, sucking it into my mouth. It was the largest clit I had ever seen, bigger then either mine or Ali's (the only clits I had ever seen), and I sucked it like a little cock. Mom cried out, as a small orgasm passed over her. This was not the result I had in mind however. I was going to give her a good cum. I continued to lick her outer lips, occasionally pulling them into my mouth to suck off the juices that were oozing from her depths. I savored the taste of my mother's pussy, as I penetrated her as deeply as I could with my tongue. My fingers continued to give attention to her clit as I fucked her pussy with my tongue. My own pussy was demanding some attention. I reached between my legs, sliding two fingers into my sodden cunt. Mom moaned with pleasure as I continued my assault.
I pulled back surveying the scene between Mom's legs. Her beautiful pussy glistened with a combination of her juices and my saliva. I noticed that Mom now had Ali's pert breasts cupped in her hands, expertly kneading them, as she sucked the already hard nipples alternately into her mouth. I needed more. Laying my tongue flat on her opening I drew it up to her clit giving the nub a flick. I repeated this several more times before settling my mouth over her clit, sucking it into my mouth gently. I thrust one, and then two fingers into her sopping cunt. They glided in easily, eliciting further sounds of delight from above. I increased the speed of my fingers moving in and out of her pussy with the pace of her moans. Her moans turned to screams, her pussy clamped down on my fingers, trying to pull them further inside, as her body spasmimg and her cum soaked my fingers, dripping out of her pussy and down between her legs. Releasing her clit from my lips I moved down to the opening of her pussy, allowing my tongue to gentle explore the folds of my mother's pussy, relishing the flavor of her cum. Now that was the kind of orgasm I wanted to show Mom I was capable of giving her.
Ali's face appeared beside mine, she was not going to miss out on the bounty that was flowing from between our mother's legs. Her tongue shot out, licking up as much of Mom's cum as she could find. I sat up allowing Ali to enjoy the fruits of my labors. I moved back up on to the couch next to Mom, our lips met, she kissed me deeply, her tongue darting around the inside of my mouth. She too was enjoying the flavor of her cum.
"I'm glad you girls have discovered so much about pleasing a woman," Mom said, the glow of her orgasm radiating from her. "But let's see if there is a thing or two you can still learn from me." With a wicked grin she stood, sliding out of her night gown, letting it fall to the floor alongside her torn panties. I let my eye's roam over her body, now fully revealed to me for the first time. She was a beautiful woman. Keeping her body fit and taught, made her look younger then forty-one years. Her full breasts were just starting to show the effects of gravity.
Mom knelt down in front of the couch where Ali and I sat. "Well the first thing we need to do is get rid of these," she said, reaching for my panties, the only piece of clothing any of us was still wearing. She slid them down my legs and cast saturated fabric aside, after holding them to her nose and taking a long whiff. "Hmmm. I can't wait to taste that," she commented. "Your pussy smells delicious."
I was sitting on the couch, with my hand between my legs, rubbing my throbbing pussy. I needed to cum badly. Mom's hand snaked between my legs, moving straight to my pussy. I moved my hand away giving her full access to my hot, sopping cunt. Her hand cupped my mound; she started to slowly rub my pussy, intensifying my need. Mom leaned in extending her tongue until it touched my clit. She flicked the hard nub, and then moved down to my entrance, letting her tongue play across my pussy. Her fingers pinched and pulled the swollen lips of my pussy. Her mouth sucked them inside her, pulling me further open. My hands moved to my breasts, cupping and squeezing them as Mom eat my pussy.
Ali, refusing to be left out, shifted so that she could join Mom in licking my pussy. Mom moved back allowing Ali a few licks of my folds. She then took Ali's head in her hands, guiding Ali's mouth to hers. I saw Mom's tongue dart into Ali's mouth. They kissed long and passionately. Breaking the kiss, Mom pushed Ali back on to the couch so that she was sitting right next to me, our hips touching. I reached over, giving Ali's tits a playful squeeze. Mom moved between Ali's legs, massaged her pussy briefly with her hands, and then started to lick it.
I started to play with my clit again as I watched Mom eat Ali. Almost immediately Mom's hand was back between my legs, pushing my own aside. She shifted slightly so that she could have better access to both of our pussies. With one hand on each, she shifted her oral attention, licking first me, then Ali. Then sucking our clit's into her mouth, then moving back to the opening of our twats.
I felt one of Mom's fingers slide into my pussy. "Oh, yes, fuck my pussy with your fingers, give it to me, I need to cum soo, badly," I declared.
In answer a second finger was added to my pussy. Mom increased her pace, pounding her fingers in and out of our sopping pussies. She slowed her pace on my pussy as her tongue concentrated on my clit. I cried out as a small wave of pleasure flowed over me. Then I felt her hand slide completely out of my cunt. I felt empty, and wanted her hand back inside me. She rubbed my pussy, stroking it with both the front and back of her hand. Then I felt her finders sliding back inside me, but this time they felt bigger, I realized that she now had three fingers inside me. My pussy stretched to allow the latest invader in. Of the cocks and toys that I've had in my pussy, none have been incredibly large. The sensations running through my body reminded me of first time that Ali had rammed her large black rubber cock into my pussy. I loved the feeling of my pussy stretching; it made me feel so full. Just as I had become accustom to three fingers slipping in and out of my pussy, Mom added a fourth. Her fingers slid in and out of me, as her thumb rubbed my clit.
"Fuck, Mom that feels so good. I love the way that you're stretching my pussy."
Mom's mouth had moved to Ali's cunt again. My sister cried out with pleasure from our mother's attention to her pussy. I leaned toward Ali pulling her lips to mine. I savored the feel of her lips and tongue as she sucked my tongue into her mouth. I loved the sensation of having my tongue sucked on lick a little cock.
Mom's mouth returned to my clit. I moaned, as she sucked it into her mouth, her tongue playing across it. I felt something else trying to enter me, as Mom's four fingers slowly slide in and out of me. I realized this newest addition was Mom's thumb. She had all five fingers inside my pussy now, and was slowly sliding her entire hand inside me. I looked over at Ali's lap, and saw that Mom had her other hand buried to the wrist in Ali's pussy. She was fisting both of her daughters at the same time. This was one of the most incredible things that I have ever experienced. I felt mom's hand as she moved it inside my pussy. I had never had anything this large inside me before, I could not believe how incredible it felt. Mom pumped her fist in my pussy only twice before the pleasure became too much, and I came like I had never cum before. My hips bucked off the couch, my cum squirted out of my pussy around Mom's wrist, spraying across her chest. I had never squirted before; I had also never had my pussy so ravished.
Ali reached her orgasm moments later, screaming her pleasure as her body convulsed from the waves that poured over her. Mom tenderly kissed our pussies as she slowly removed her hands from inside our bodies. My pussy was so incredibly tender, yet Mom seemed to know exactly where I wanted her tongue, as she brought me down from the most unbelievable cum that I had ever had. Once her hand was free of my pussy she made a show of cleaning every drop of my cum from her fingers, palm, and wrist. I still found it hard to believe that her entire hand had been inside my pussy, it seemed that there was no way that it could have all fit. Once she had cleaned my juices from her hand she repeated the same for Ali; tenderly licking her pussy as she extracted herself from its depths, then cleaning every drop of Ali's cum from her hand.
"Oh Mom, that was incredible," I murmured, pulling her up onto the couch between us. I kissed her deeply letting my tongue swirl around the inside of her mouth, tasting the combination of Ali and myself. Her hands ran over my body as we kissed, softly caressing me. They would pause at my tits, squeezing them.
Our kiss broke, and Mom turned to Ali, who had been running her fingers up over Mom's body. As she tongue wrestled with Ali, I ran my hands over her, while raining little kisses around her neck. We continued in this manner for a while, enjoying each other's company, and the feel of our bodies intertwined in the afterglow of our orgasms.
Finally Mom eased her self from between us. "I think it's time that I went to bed. At some point your father is going to wonder what happened to me." She gave us both a very motherly peck on the top of the head, "Goodnight you two. Don't stay up too late." Then she picked up her nightgown and torn panties from where they had been discarded, and left the room carrying her clothing.
When Mom was gone from the room I turned to Ali, "I can't believe that just happened." "Me neither," agreed Ali.
"You think it will happen again?" I asked.
"I'm pretty sure it will," mused Ali. "After all she seemed pretty cool with the fact that we've been fucking each other for a little over a year. And she been with Aunt Jill since she was our age."
"Yeah, I guess you're right. But what about Dad?"
"Hmmmm," Ali sighed. "What about Dad. Have you ever seen his cock?"
"Ali!" I cried. "Are you suggesting that we fuck Dad too?"
"You're the one that stated with Mom," she pointed out.
"That's different," I insisted.
"Not really," Ali said sagely. She sometimes tried to play up her age advantage, though she was only two years older. "And besides, like I stated saying before, have you seen his cock? He's hung. I don't know about you, but I'd like to have a go at that type of meat. Dave's not small, but he's got nothing on Dad."
"I just can't believe that your talking about Dad like he's another of your boy toy's."  
"Look who's talking, slut. Trust me. If you get a peek at him, he won't know what hit him. You'll be sucking his cock before he's had a chance to get a word out."
"Oh, fuck you."
"I'm still a little tender, so how about in the morning?"
I pulled the pillow from behind me, and swung it at Ali. "Jerk." She deflected the blow with her arm laughing. "You knew what I meant," I continued. "I'm going to bed. But in the morning your pussy is mine."
"I'm taking that as a promise," said Ali, as she too got up, and collected her clothing.
Hand in hand we walked up stairs to our bedrooms. What an incredible night. And now all I could think about was how I was going to get a look at Dad's cock.