There was not quite enough light in the Malfoy mansion. Severus had to squint, just a little, to make out details in tapestries and paintings. The large house was richly decorated, the food spicy and exotic, and the rich, snobbish people filling the halls and rooms were wearing their very finest in their attempts to impress the other rich, snobbish people in whom they feigned interest.

Biting into an overly sweet pastry, he thought that he would actually much rather be studying for the Arithmancy test he had the upcoming week. He let his parents talk him out of a Hogsmeade weekend for this, when he was running dangerously low on supplies and someone -- he suspected Potter or Black -- had made off with his favorite quill.

He finished the pastry, let out a little sigh, and decided that he had to convince his mother that his seventh year had been so busy so far that he simply could not spare the time to try to make it out of Hogwarts and back over two days. Not, of course, because of the fact that these people were so insipid that he would rather scrub the Prefect's bathroom than spend any more time with them. Honestly, who really cared about all the trivialities and gossip? The rich had far too much time on their hands and oh, Lucius Malfoy was wandering through the room wearing an expression of feigned interest in his parents' party guests. He looked rather like Severus remembered him, except a few years older -- his hair a little longer, but it still caught glints from the flames of any nearby candles, and his robes were exquisitely tailored, flowing around him.

It was like being in second year again, caught up in the throes of a hero-worshipful pre-pubescent crush, watching breathlessly as Slytherin's golden team captain soared above the Quidditch pitch. Severus' insides promptly tied themselves into a knot.

When Lucius began to turn in his direction, Severus felt his face grow warm and he quickly turned and seized the moment when a few people left the room to weave through the crowd and into the hallway. His parents would probably not notice his absence for a while, absorbed as they were in conversation with a couple that Severus was certain that he did not know, and perhaps by the time anyone wanted him, Lucius would have gone off somewhere else.

The large foyer was not as crowded as most of the rooms. There were a few clusters of people scattered about, and a cat lazing on the bottom step of the staircase, watching the people coming and going. Blissfully, there was not a single child present anywhere. Severus walked past the staircase to stand in front of a table up against a wall. On top of it was a small, trickling fountain that he watched for a moment before glancing up at the painting that was watching him. He raised his eyebrows as a woman -- who had the same sleek, pale blond hair that Lucius did -- peered down at him with a look of disdain. Then he sighed again and turned away, leaning against the table.

If his mother caught him leaning on furniture, she would have words to say about it. He could see Lucius again. His mother was always correcting him about his posture, his manners. How does anyone expect to get anywhere in the world without making an impression on the right members of society, she often said. The thought floated idly through Severus' mind that Lucius would certainly be a proper member of society upon whom to make an impression. The last time he had seen Lucius had been at another function rather like this one, except that Severus had been in that horrid, ungainly part of adolescence and Lucius had barely paid him a second glance. In fact, few had, and Severus had been left to stand miserably near the food all night, watching Lucius as he did before Lucius had left Hogwarts.

Now Lucius was talking to Severus' parents, which was horribly uncomfortable to watch. There was a certain sense of satisfaction that Lucius could at least pretend some measure of interest in the Snape family. The satisfaction was quickly overshadowed by a slowly mounting feeling of dread that his parents might start talking about him. As he pondered whether he knew a good charm to let himself sink through the carpet, he found his eyes drawn from his parents to lovely, bright Lucius.

"Shameless," he heard a woman's disgusted voice from behind him say.

Severus started guiltily, and looked up at the painting behind him. However, the woman's gaze was not on Severus, but rather, on Narcissa Black -- the last he remembered, she had been all the way across the room with her own parents, but it seemed that she has spent a great deal of time slinking her way in Lucius' direction. Her robes revealed a little too much ripe flesh, and she seemed to be preparing to pounce on Lucius the instant he was within reach. But she was quite pretty, Severus grudgingly admitted to himself, if one liked -- well, girls.

"Been acting like she owns the place, that one," the woman said with a sigh. "Utterly shameless."

Perhaps Narcissa Black's behavior was a little shameless, but Severus couldn't help but feel a pang of envy. She shone exactly in the way that Severus didn't, the way that Lucius did, and even if Severus weren't a boy, there was simply no way that Lucius would notice him over Narcissa. He sighed again, looked down, and picked at invisible lint on his robe, his thoughts straying.

Study for Arithmancy. Finish essay for Potions. Practice the charms the class covered last week. Severus looked up again and let his eyes wander. Figure out some way to 'thank' Black and Potter for ruining his Herbology notes beyond salvation -- not that he was going to have much trouble in the class anyway. Lucius was watching him. Pick up a few quills and rolls of parchment next time he was in Hogsmeade. Lucius was --

Oh.

Severus straightened a little when he realized that Lucius was actually stepping out into the hallway, looking at him. His parents had disappeared into the crowd. The painting was still nattering on about Narcissa, but she was the furthest thing from Severus' mind right now because Lucius fucking Malfoy was walking his way.

And he appeared to be sort of, but not really, almost kind of smiling. In his infinite adolescent wisdom, all Severus could do was stand exactly where he was and watch Lucius come towards him.

Lucius' voice was very smooth, and Severus swallowed. "You don't seem to be enjoying yourself."

Remarkably, Severus was able to find his voice. "Oh," he said, "no, it's not that. It's just that it's rather awkward..."

"Being dragged out by your parents to a function where you are surrounded by older people you don't know?" Lucius gave a small smile. "I do understand that. You'll be leaving Hogwarts soon enough, and your mother wants you to have all the right connections."

Severus' horror must have been plainly written on his face, because Lucius suddenly gave a soft chuckle. "No, no, she didn't say that. Or at least, not in so many words. I was in the same position you are, a few years go. Except that I was the host and hostess' son, more often than not, and did not have the luxury of escaping into the hallway. It's far less pretentious out here, isn't it? Most of them don't understand what's truly important in life."

Severus was about to ask what, then, was important, but the painting behind him suddenly launched into a particularly vicious diatribe about someone who has just wandered through the hall. Lucius looked up with a pained expression. "Oh, do be quiet, old woman," he snapped, but she didn't seem to hear him. He looked again at Severus with a vaguely, but not entirely, apologetic expression.

"Great-grandmother Malfoy," Lucius explained. "She quite often doesn't like anyone coming into the house, though she's at her worst -- or best, depending on how you look at it -- when people she doesn't know come in. She assumes they... don't come from the better wizarding families. Of course, considering she's been gone quite some time now, she doesn't know most anyone we know now."

His voice was rather hypnotic, and Severus just found himself nodding, fascinated by the way Lucius spoke, the pale hair, keen eyes. When Lucius said something disparaging about his great-grandmother -- which she couldn't hear because she was still so incensed -- and began to guide Severus through the foyer and up the great staircase, he couldn't muster a single peep of protest.

There was no mistaking the way that Lucius' eyes captured every flicker and nuance of emotion and reaction on Severus' face, that he paid very careful attention to every word that Severus said as they moved along the second-floor hallway, up another staircase, along another hall. No doubt Lucius wanted something, and Severus felt he should know that the questions he was being asked about Hogwarts, about Dumbledore, about Gryffindors and Slytherins and power and even bloody Quidditch -- that these questions were simply not questions asked out of polite curiosity. But damn his own adolescent yearnings because it was difficult enough to formulate proper sentences with the older man standing so close to him all this time.

He thought he would very much like to run his fingers through Malfoy's hair.

And then Lucius was opening a door, and a hand on Severus' shoulder guided him into a large bedroom full of expensive furniture, and rich, dark colors, and his heart leapt into his throat.

Lucius closed and locked the door behind them, then brushed past Severus to sit in a very big, forest green chair. He leaned back, his hands relaxed on the chair's plush arms, and smiled slowly at Severus -- the smile now was certainly genuine, but it was predatory. Hungry.

"Come here," Lucius said, very softly.

Severus nodded, moving forward. His palms felt moist. He nervously wiped them on his robes as Lucius looked up at him. But he kept his chin up, holding Lucius' heated gaze. He might have had no idea how he had managed to get himself in this situation, but there was no way he was going to show any weakness.

It seemed that Lucius approved of this, because his smile broadened. "I want you on your knees," he said.

Severus almost let out an absolutely embarrassing whimper.

Somehow he managed to contain himself, but his face felt hot as he dropped wordlessly to his knees. The carpet was thick and soft, and Lucius' expression was no less predatory now that Severus was kneeling in front of him. But Severus looked up at him unflinching, his heart beginning to pound wildly in his chest. They watched each other for a moment before Lucius raised his eyebrows and finally Severus dropped his gaze, his eyes going to Lucius' robes. "Go on," Lucius urged, his voice soft and smooth and going straight to Severus' groin. He raised hands that were now shaking just slightly and by the time he had Lucius' robes open, he had his hands under control but suddenly he thought he just might be suffocating. Or drowning. Or maybe he was on fire, and Lucius hadn't pointed this out to him yet.

He squirmed a little, then reached out to wrap tentative fingers around Lucius' swelling cock. His eyes darted quickly upwards. He knew from the amused gaze that was returned that Lucius was very aware of his inexperience, and wondered if that was what was exciting the older man. He wondered if he was just another in a long line of virgin conquests, but as he sat on his heels there between Lucius' knees, he realized that, frankly, he just didn't really care.

Seeming to lose a measure of his patience, Lucius reached out and slid his hand to the back of Severus' neck, urging him forward. His fingers were already moving over Lucius' cock, but Severus knew enough to understand that Lucius would never settle for that alone. However, the first tentative touch of his tongue elicited no reaction from above, and that only made his heart pound faster. Would Lucius send him away?

He looked up again, and still, Lucius was merely watching him. But the fingers on the back of his neck tightened, just a little, and that was all the encouragement Severus needed. He trailed the tip of his tongue over the length of Lucius' cock, and felt a heady rush of excitement as he felt it harden more under his touch. His free hand dropped down to the front of his own robes, giving himself a short squeeze, and he just barely bit back a moan.

For several long, delightful moments, Severus contented himself with letting his tongue taste and explore Lucius' cock. He eagerly lapped at the moisture welling at the tip, and he couldn't stop himself from moaning now. Lucius tasted good, so good, and it felt wicked naughty wonderful to have another man's cock under his tongue.

But if Lucius' fingers hadn't reflexively tightened and relaxed on the back of his neck, Severus wouldn't have had any idea that he was giving Lucius any pleasure at all. Then Lucius spoke again, finally, his voice now husky with what Severus could only hope was desire. "Take it in your mouth."

Severus bit the inside of his cheek, feeling nervous again. But the feeling melted away quickly and he gave in, perhaps a little too eagerly. He took as much of Lucius' cock into his mouth as he could, hearing a satisfied sort of moan from above. He pressed his hand against his own greedy cock, rubbing it just a little as he took a moment to let himself feel Lucius. Feel the warm, hard cock in his mouth, against his tongue, let himself think for a brief, careless few seconds that Lucius actually wanted him.

Lucius' fingers were tight again, and he shifted his hips, pushing his cock just a little further into Severus' mouth. He withdrew, a little, then pushed forwards again. Then forwards. Again. Again. Severus moaned, rubbing himself shamelessly. Lucius was fucking his mouth. He was suffocating/drowning again, wondering what it would be like to have Lucius fucking him, on his knees on the floor holding his hips making him beg.

Warmth flooded down his thighs as he jerked helplessly for a torturous-sweet moment, nearly choking as Lucius thrust too hard, too deep. Drowning, suffocating, on fire, Severus tried to pull back, but Lucius wouldn't let him. Held him still, close, his cock too much. Too much. Severus' hands reached up, fumbling, grasping the arms of the chair.

And then Lucius was pulling from his mouth, holding Severus still as he came over his mouth and cheek. Severus knelt, trembling, waiting for Lucius to do or say something, licking his lips. Come dripping down his chin. It wasn't long before the hand on the back of his neck moved away, and one finger trailed over his wet cheek, and pressed against his lips. He opened his mouth, accepting the finger.

It was certainly not the most pleasant taste, though not entirely unbearable, but he obediently licked it all from Lucius' finger. Perhaps Lucius had not seen fit to come in Severus' mouth, but he did allow him this, at least, and for now, it was enough. Then Lucius pulled away and leaned back in the chair, his eyes closed.

Severus chewed on his cheek again and did his best to clean himself up with as discreet a part of his robes as he could. When he was finished, he glanced up at Lucius again, who, in turn, was watching him with a wicked grin spread across his face. Severus felt exposed and vulnerable under that gaze, and he was not entirely certain he didn't like it. Then Lucius leaned forward, taking hold of Severus' left shoulder, and whispered hotly in his ear: "Did you come?"

Severus' voice stuck in his throat. Lucius leaned back again, and his grin broadened. Severus squirmed, feeling his own come dripping down his thigh. "Did you?" Lucius asked again. His fingers tightened.

His eyes squeezed shut, Severus nodded. His face was burning. And then he felt Lucius' lips on his ear again. "What a good boy."

There was no use in lying to himself about the fact that he was blushing furiously, but that didn't stop Severus from ducking his head and plucking at more imaginary lint. He heard Lucius make an amused sort of noise, and then there was the rustle of robes. He glanced up as Lucius got smoothly to his feet and fastened his robes again, smoothing out a few wrinkles. Then he swept by, and, at the door, turned to glance at the boy still kneeling on the carpet.

"Are you going to stay there all night? I imagine your parents will start to wonder where you've been." Another expression that rather resembled a smile crossed Lucius' face. "And what you've been up to."

Certainly, the last thing Severus needed was to have his parents questioning his whereabouts. He hastily performed the scourgify charm on himself, got up and ran his hands down the front of his robes and joined Lucius on the way out of the bedroom.

Within a few minutes, Severus was again standing near the fountain under the portrait of great-grandmother Malfoy, and Lucius was once more a bright spot amongst the pretentious, boring guests the Malfoys had invited to their manor.

Severus could not stop himself from smiling as he watched Narcissa Black sidle up to Lucius and strike up a conversation. He might have been more actively interested in her than he was in any of the others, but she was not the one that Lucius had chosen that night.

And there was a great deal of satisfaction in knowing that Miss Black had no idea that the dark, quiet teenager, standing by himself in the hallway -- the one for whom she hadn't even afforded a sneer -- was the one Lucius had taken up to his bedroom. Though not into his bed, but there never had been much hope of that in the first place.

Severus knew that there was no way he would be sharing the details of the taboo encounter, but there was something intensely sweet about knowing something that no one else did. It was his little secret, and he would guard it jealously -- until the time when, just maybe, Lucius would invite him upstairs again.