My Naked Sister

I  never  thought  I  would ask to post a story on
your  web sites, but this event happened recently,
and  I  was  thoroughly  amazed  by  what happened
between  me,  my young sister, and the rest of the
family.  Annette is just a year younger than I am,
and  lately,  she  had been going around the house
not  wearing a whole lot, since the weather warmed
up a lot and school was out.
She  would  wear  only  a halter top and a pair of
tight  white  shorts,  showing her nipples through
the  top fabric and the perfect heart shape of her
ass through the bottoms. Mom had said something to
her  about  it  once,  about  how  she was dressed
improperly,  and she just shrugged and smiled. Mom
didn't   do   anything,   but  did  glance  in  my
direction.  I  could  plainly  see  Annette's dark
pussy  hair thatch through the white shorts, and I
was  walking  around  with  a semi-hard on all day
long.  I think that Mom knew this, and it bothered
her.  Or,  it turned her on to see the bulge in my
crotch;  I  couldn't  tell which. I did notice her
frequent  glances  at  my crotch while Annette was
around.  But, Mom remained silent about it, except
that one time.
We   were  on  the  carpeted  living  room  floor,
watching  an  afternoon talk show, and Annette was
wearing  her  usual skimpy top. Annette was laying
on  her  tummy, and I was sitting beside her, sort
of  in  a  yoga  position.  Her  tits  were slight
pressed against the floor, and I could plainly see
her  brown  nipples  poking  out of the top of the
halter. I couldn't believe my good fortune, and my
cock  just  sprang  up  in  my  shorts and ache. I
glanced  at  her frequently, adjusting my position
to hide the throbbing bulge in my pants.
Her  long,  flowing  raven-colored hair would fall
over  her  tits  and  lay against the floor as she
moved  her  head  now  and then, and I had to keep
moving  to  get  a  better  glance  of those brown
nipples.
Suddenly,  she turned to me and looked directly at
my crotch.
"What's  eating  you?" she asked, not even looking
at my face.
I  decided  that  shock would be called for in the
situation,  so I simply said, "You, and your naked
tits."
"Really  now,"  she  said, a flustered look on her
face.  "Everyone's  seen tits, and mine are no big
deal. Just grow up."
"Yours are a big deal," I said, "I like  them." 
"What,  these?"  she asked. She sat up and glanced
around,  I  guessed  to  make sure that no one was
around,  and  she reached up and pulled her halter
top  down,  exposing  her round, firm tits, topped
with  two dark brown, erect nipples. I gasped, and
my cock jerked in my pants.
"Does that make you hard?" she asked with a  grin. 
"You  bet,"  I  said, moving my leg aside, showing
the obvious hard cock bulge in my shorts.
"Let's see it," she said, not covering her  tits. 
I  strained  and repositioned my dick to stick out
the  side  of my shorts, and reaching in, I pulled
my  hard, throbbing dick and my balls out, letting
my  cock jump up and my balls hang and rest on the
carpet.
"Jesus!"  she whispered. "That sure is a big dick,
Jeremy."
She  reached over and cupped my balls in her hand.
"Big, heavy balls. I love that."
She  tugged  at her halter, pulling it down to her
tummy,  and  unsnapped her shorts. Suddenly, there
was  noise  nearby,  and she pulled her halter top
up.  I moved a little, trying to push my cock back
in  my  shorts. Mom came in the room, and I turned
away from her as quickly as I could.
"What's  going on?" she asked, looking directly at
me.
I  could feel my skin flaming, the heat rushing to
my  face as I blushed. I was turned away from her,
but,  she  must  have known something by my sudden
movement.
"Nothing,  Mom," said Annette. "We're just talking
about the talk show."
"I  see,"  she said, looking at my leg, raised and
poised  above the floor; I had bent my leg with my
foot resting on the floor.
"But,"  added  Mom  as she turned and walked away,
"you'd  better  put your balls back in your shorts
before something bites them," she said.
With that, she turned and left the  room. 
My  cock  suddenly  went  limp, all at once, and I
stuffed  all  my  goodies back into the side of my
shorts,  pulling the hem downward. Mom had seen my
balls, had seen me showing them to Annette.
"Busted," whispered Annette. 
I  nodded, shifting uncomfortably. "Well, shit," I
mumbled.
"Well, let's go upstairs and continue what we were
doing," she said.
I  turned the television off, and followed Annette
upstairs,  hanging around a few minutes so that it
wouldn't  look  too  obvious  as  to  what we were
doing.  Then, I went upstairs and tapped gently on
Annette's door. I was amazed, shocked at Annette's
invitation  to  'continue' what we had been doing.
Maybe  she was going to play with my cock, and let
me cum on her tits!
I  was shocked when she opened the door. She stood
there  totally  naked, her nipples erect, her dark
black thatch of pubic hair surrounding her swollen
pussy lips.
"You  like  the  way  I'm dressed?" she asked in a
whisper.
I  pushed  her  aside  and closed the door quickly
behind me. "Yes," I said.
"You do the same," she said. 
I  quickly  pulled  off  my  T-shirt  and  then my
shorts, my cock sticking straight up in the air as
I  stood  and  looked  at my naked sister. She was
ogling  my cock, licking her lips. "That's quite a
bone  there,  Jeremy,"  she said, reaching out and
gently touching the head of it.
"Uh,  thanks,"  I  said.  "You  got  a  nice  bush
yourself."
"Wanna touch?" 
I reached out with one hand and fondled one of her
tits  and  with  the  other,  I  reached  down and
touched  her  pussy  hair. Her pussy lips were hot
and  wet;  her nipples were hard and erect, hot to
the touch.
She  backed  away  and  fell to her knees, my cock
right  in  her face. She reached out and cupped my
balls  in  one  hand, and leaned forward, sticking
out her tongue. She licked my balls, making little
humming  noises  through her nose as she moved her
tongue all over my balls. Then, she reached up and
pulled  at  my cock, bending it downward, pressing
it against her cheek.
"So  hot,  and  so hard," she whispered. Then, she
opened  her  mouth  and  engulfed  it,  moving her
tongue  around in swirling motions around the head
of  it.  She  reached down with her other hand and
started  rubbing  her  clit as she sucked my cock.
She  came,  I  could  tell,  her  body jerking and
moving  in  spasms  as she sucked harder and moved
her head faster up and down on my cock.
"Gonna  cum,"  I  said.  And,  I  did, filling her
sucking  mouth  with  a  load of hot cum, and then
another  and another. She swallowed it! All of it,
every last drop of my cum went down her throat.
"Wow," I whispered as she stood up.   
"Wow  indeed,"  Mom  said. There she stood, in the
bathroom  door,  naked, rubbing her pussy. She had
watched the whole show.
"Now,  it's  my  turn,"  she  said  with  a  grin,
stepping toward me.
And, indeed it was! 

--- Jeremy L., Boca Raton,  FL   