Total Passion-Jessica
Part 3
by C. Rose
(ff,nc?)

The throbbing had returned, her nipples were hard and demanding attention.  It seemed she couldnt go even four hours without touching herself.  It was almost as if her body was craving an orgasm, like a drug, could she be getting addicted to her new hobby?  She found herself masturbating several times a day now and never seemed to be able to get enough.  That was why today, since it was Saturday and her mom was out-of-town, she was hoping to be able to find a little relief from this new longing of hers. She had decided to seduce the girl next door, her name was Jessica Power. To do this Jan had set up a lawn chair in backyard and was sunbathing topless, Jessica had been invited over to join her with a wave of her hand and a smile.

Jan could feel Jessica watching her from her bedroom window next door, taking in Jans magnificent body.  She absently rubbed suntan oil into her breasts and pinched her nipples until they turned hard.  From the tops of her sunglasses Jan watched as Jessica paced back and forth around her room and kept returning to her window for another look.  She hoped that Jessica would accept her invitation, she had recently shaved her pubic hair and wanted to show off her handiwork. She liked the smooth feeling she felt down there, she had gotten wet when she did it and had been ever sense. A door opened and Jessica came out of her house heading for the gate that separated their two yards, Jan sat up as she opened the gate.

Hi Jan. She looked nervous, scared.

Want to go shopping with me, or join me here?

Do I ever wana go shopping! Jessica clapped her hands.

A few hours later Jan and Jessica returned from the mall and were trying on some new clothing. Jessica had on one of her new dresses and spun around to show it to Jan.  Well? What do you think of it Jan?


Jan was lounging on the bed wearing only her new black spandex miniskirt and black panties, she was topless from the top up. On the bed around her were several boxes of items that they had bought today.  You look pretty good to me.

Put on a shirt Jan looks funny like that.  Jessica said, as she sat on the edge of the bed by Jans feet, she still looked nervous.

Jan felt so horny that she barely heard Jessica say anything, but she sat up in glared at her.  Four times now she had managed to see Jessica in her underwear as they changed clothes, Jan had given some pretty obvious hints to Jessica when she stripped down completely naked before putting on some of her new clothing. She couldnt stand much longer, the girl was ignoring her. Finally she had taken her top off to see if Jessica was even interested in her or to get some kind of reaction out of her. Jan leaned forward and let her bare breasts hang in front Jessica, Why dont you take your shirt off can find out why I like it this way?

Jessica stiffened in shock and jumped off the bed, Jan was right behind her and grabbed her in a bear hug.  Whipping Jessica around Jan pushed her onto the bed and straddles her waist.  Jessica struggles by taking a punch at Jan.  Let go!

Jan held her place for a second as she watched the tears stream out of Jessicas eyes, with a sigh Jan climbed off the bed and released her.  Im sorry, I dont know why I did that.  Jan sat back down the edge of the bed and hung her head, her body was throbbing with unfulfilled lust.

Quit crying Jan, I thought you were going to hurt me, I was scared.  Ive know what you wanted me for every since you invited me over, you werent exactly subtle about it. I was both scared and fascinated by what you are offering me and I could not come to terms with it until now. Jessica moved Jans hair out of the way to lightly kiss the back of her neck, her hands trailed down Jans arms and moved under them so that she could caress her stomach and touch Jans breasts. With shaking hands she squeezed the nipples and played with them.

Jan grasped Jessicas hands and moaned in excitement, turning around she pushed Jessica until she lay back on the bed. Their nearly identical hair blended together on the bed as they kissed.  Jan moved down her friend and swiftly unbuttoned the front of her new dress and exposed her white bra.  Pulling one of the cups down Jan latched onto one of the nipples started to suck on it. Jessica moaned quietly and hugged Jans head to her chest as her face flushed.

Jan nearly swooned with lust, Jessica felt and tasted great.  She could also tell that Jessica was more than willing because she was beginning to pant and encourage her to do more.  Moving lower she pulled the dress away and slowly kissed her way down Jessicas stomach.  At one point, as Jan was drawing close to her pubic mound, Jessica froze up and started to tremble violently.  Jan looked up and whispered, Please dont be scared Jessica, its wonderful.

Jan sat up and removed her dress and lay back down, moving slowly she used her knee to spread Jessicas legs open and kissed her way along Jessicas inner thigh.  Ever so slowly Jan moved further and further down, planting little kissed here and there.  With every one Jan watched as Jessicas panties get wetter and wetter, by the time she was only inches from Jessicas panties Jan could almost see through them.

I cant believe Im actually doing this.  Jessica breathed out.

Moving slowly, Jan used her fingertips to gently touch Jessicas pussy through the thin material and made her jump in surprise. Peeling the saturated material to the side Jan touched Jessica for the first time with a flick of her tongue.  Jessica twitched and cried out, she grabbed Jans head and tried to pull it closer as Jan pushed her tongue between the quivering lips and got a squeal of, Oh my God!

 Jessica had a blond bush and Jan played with this as she latched onto the clitoris, every lick and flick of her tongue would draw out another squeal.  She pushed in two fingers and thrust hard, Jessica started to scream as a powerful orgasm consumed her completely. So powerful that her hips lifted off the bed, her back arched and screamed in ecstasy until she fell back in the near faint and gasped for air for several seconds. Incredible, just incredible. 

Jan reached into her nightstand and pulled out a couple of items she had borrowed from her mothers private collection. A double headed dildo and a strap on penis, Jan smiled at Jessicas shocked expression. I would like to try these on you.

Jessica looked at her funny and tried to back off the bed, No, no, no

Why? Itll feel good. She said as she stood and took her mini skirt off to reveal her bare pussy, Jessicas eyes focused on it in wonder.

The only things that have ever been inside me are my fingers. Jessica whispered, she licked her lips.

Youre a virgin? No wonder youre so scared, youve never encountered anything like this have you?

Jessica slowly nodded and relaxed a little, those objects were making her freeze up, and yet she wanted to touch them, to use them on herself and Jan. She didnt know how to deal with this situation and it was making scared.

I dont understand, Ive watched you go out with guys on more than one occasion. You should have encountered something like this with one of them. Jan said as she stepped into the strap on penis and tightened the clips.

 Ive never found a guy that I could sleep with.  Jessica mumbled.

Jan climbed back on the bed and puts the fake penis in Jessicas face, Touch it, get comfortable enough with it so that we can begin. 

Jessica reached out hesitantly and touched it, it felt soft and cool to the touch.  A shiver of excitement ran through her as she realized just what was going to happen in the next few minutes.  Wrapping her lips around the large head, she began to coat it in her saliva and to play with it. She quickly got into it with a passion and was soon bobbing like a pro. Jan smiled and let her play with it for several minutes before she stepped back.

Now sit on the edge of the bed and spread your legs. Moving between Jessica legs, Jan had her lay back as she started to look Jessicas pussy over to find the best way to do this.  It was very aroused and bright red, it also glistened in the light of the room.  Kneeling down Jan used her thumbs to spread it open, several small trails of liquid came out as she stuck her tongue inside and flicked it back and forth. It only took the few seconds for Jan to get Jessica to moan in pleasure, every time she brushed the clitoris Jessica would twitch and moan. 
Are you ready?

Y-yes.

Jan stood up and positioned herself with the head of the strap-on resting at Jessicas entrance, she gave a careful but calculated shove and entered Jessica.  Jessica gave a loud gasp as the head of the strap-on ran into her hymen.  Placing both of her hands on Jessicas hips Jan looked her in the eye and pushed the strap-on clear the base.  Jessica cried out in pain and a bit of blood seeped out around the strap on. With that done Jan began to slowly thrust in and out, she soon had Jessica painting in time with every trust.

With a loud screech of pleasure Jessica started to tremble, she reached out and pulled Jan down to her so that they could kiss.  After only a few seconds of this Jan grinned and watched Jessicas eyes as she realized that she was having another orgasm.  This one was so intense that Jessica started to scream at the top of her lungs, for what seemed like an eternity, it took her several minutes to finally released her death grip on Jan and relax. Their skin was covered in sweat and they both panted for breath as they ran their hands over each other lovingly.

Jan stepped out of the strap-on and licked the pussy cream off as she moved to lay down beside Jessica and run her fingers over her breasts and stomach.  She would run around Jessicas nipples, moving from breast to breast, make her way down to her belly button, down below her thighs and run and through her blond bush, circle back around and begin again. Jessica moaned and smiled as goose bumps appeared, she looked tired.

Jan, that was incredible.  At first it really hurt, but that soon changed into a pleasant throbbing between my legs.  As you continued to thrust, the throbbing turned into a burning point of ecstasy that consumed my whole body until I climaxed.  I can barely move because my orgasm was so strong.  Jessica said dreamily.

Jan leaned over hand kissed Jessica on the forehead can told her to get some sleep, they could continue after she had gotten some rest.  As Jessica dozed off Jan used the time to properly clean the strap-on and return it to her mothers collection. Once she was done with that she returned to Jessica and curled up beside her, resting her head on her breasts, and went to sleep listening to her heart.


Jan awoke several hours later as Jessica gave her a kiss, she opened her eyes can smiled, Hi.

Im so sorry that I fell asleep on you like that, but he wore me out completely. Jessica said as she moved down and kissed Jans nipples.  At the same time one of her hands explored downward to feel Jans pussy, once there she began to rub and probe.

Jans pussy instantly flooded and made her moan as liquid pleasure went down her spine. She loved this part, it seemed that Megan had given her the greatest gift imaginable when she seduced her. She had a pleasant rerun of the encounter and smiled stupidly.

Youre already so wet that you are beginning to drip!  Jessica said as she pushed one of her fingers into Jan. Her head went down and she sampled the ocean between Jans legs, thick gobs of liquid running out of her with every lick and slurp. Using her thumbs she used the same trick that Jan had used on her earlier, spreading her pussy wide, she stuck her tongue in as far as it would go and began to quickly flick it back and forth.  Jan grabbed Jessicas head and thrust her hips forward even as her eyes began to roll into her head and she felt her pussy quiver.  That incredible feeling had begun to flow from her pussy and down all of her extremities to make her pant in ecstasy, she screamed out in her back arched off the bed.

She loved to taste of pussy instantly, it even made her a little dizzy the longer she stayed down there.  Jessica watched in fascination as Jans pussy reddened to a deep, deep red color and a stream of her juices began to leak out and around her chin.  Jans juices flowed so heavily after only a few minutes that she had to drink the stuff down constantly to continue. Jessica wanted to do this right so she just worked her tongue and enjoyed what she was doing by giving Jan so much pleasure, then Jan twitched.

Jan shuttered in ecstasy, she had not even considered that anyone other than Megan would ever be able to get her this excited, but she quickly decided that probably had something to do with this being the first time Jessica if had ever done this.  She screamed and flopped around as Jessicas wonderful tongue work did its magic on her. She moaned loudly, the waves of pleasure went on and on without end until with the final scream of ecstasy Jan froze in place, wrapped her legs around Jessicas head, and with a long, long squeal of delight she convulsed into a body wrenching orgasm. 

A flood of juice shot out of Jan and bathed Jessicas head, she lapped at the ocean coming out and vaguely wondered where it was all coming from.  Mmm..mmm.mmm! Jessica mumbled as she continued to vacuum Jans pussy, loving the taste and sucking at for all she was worth.  She gave up trying to drink it all and started to flick at Jans clitoris furiously, tugging at the labia and stretching the inner folds.  Jan gave another body wrenching jerk and screamed as another fountain of juice shot out of her and showered down Jessicas back, plastering the hair to her head.  With this last orgasm Jan fell back, completely wasted and shuddering uncontrollably, she lay on the bed unable to think for several minutes as wave after wave of ecstasy shot through her. Jessica continued her little play with Jans pussy for as long as she could, finally just laying there nuzzling Jan gently.

Pure lust filled Jessica as she felt another shiver of pleasure rushed down her spine and through her body, she wanted more!  She went back down and licked Jan clean and as much of herself as she could reach.  Jan responded and they were soon back at it, giving each other as much pleasure as they could entwined in the 69 position. They went on like this for a long time, until they both fell asleep in each others arms. 

Outside Jans bedroom a woman was leaning against the wall beside the door, she looked to be about 29 for 30 and in great physical shape.  She wore a yellow sundress and had short, wavy blond hair, she had one leg pulled up to her chest, three fingers buried in her pussy, and was masturbating furiously. She gasped quietly and rolled to her knees and fell to her chest as she pushed herself over the edge into a powerful orgasm.  She sprayed out an incredible amount of juice and used the rug to muffle the sound of her passion. Rolling to her feet she licked her fingers clean, the timing for this could not have been better, she had been waiting for this day.  Wobbling over to the phone in the living room, she dials a phone number by memory, her daughter would need her own toys now, Janet thought.

