My Lovely Sister

By: Somesh


Hi! My name is Somesh. today I am going to share the enjoyment of my
first sex experience with you people (especially girls ). I was a
student of business management and had done my masters specialization in
marketing management and currently working in one of the most reputed
concerns of India and posted in Bhopal. I am 26 years old. Having a good
body not so tall but of 5.8" now at this time I feel beautiful girls
always attracted me, and women with tight, round and big backsides. I
always wished to fuck the females having big butts.

My sex life started when I was in just tenth class and it happened
accidentally when one of my friend bought a small book from somewhere as
he told to me. That book was having some naked photos of women. We at
the leisure period went outside of the school and sit under a tree we
read one story and saw all the photos. After that day I always try to
see someone without clothes but many day passes by and I was unable to
see any one but one day my fate gives me a chance. As every dog has his
own day.

I had to visit one of my maternal uncles home out of Bhopal where we
have to stay for at least two days. There I found my cousin sister she
was of my own age group. I had to spend the two nights with my sweet
cousin sis Preeti let me first describe Preeti to you. She was about 5
ft 7 inches, rather tall wasn't she? Very fair and quiet pleasant
looking. She had the features like a fox, so, was her attitude I was
pretty much excited as i was very much attracted to Preeti every time i
saw her, my cock would pop up right there without any shame. i think she
noticed it. then it was already a day i've been in her home and was
hoping for a miracle that something happens my uncle has a small house
Preeti and I sleep in one room, which is in the backside. one evening, i
locked the room and went to the bathroom. i didn't lock the bathroom
door as the room was already locked and i didn't think anybody would
come there. so i pulled my pants down and started jacking off. i was
fantasizing about fucking Preeti.

my head was up and eyes shut tight. Then i didn't know that Preeti also
had the key to my room, so she opened it and came in there. she saw me
in the bathroom and came up there. i didn't know she was there, so i
kept on stroking my cock. Preeti saw me jacking off and she got turned
on. she sat on the floor and just came closer to my cock. she didn't
touch it, but just moved her face around it like she was really sucking
it. she was rubbing her clit and licking her tongue. i still didn't know
she was there.( i know this because she told me later what she did in
there.) then i came in front of her. i was moaning and i shot a load
right on her face. i was shaking and then i opened my eyes and
boom......... i was shocked!!!! Preeti was sitting right there in front
of me, on the floor. i got soooooooo scared at that time. i couldn't say
anything. she left the room without saying anything. then we met each
other at the dinner table, but didn't say a word. after dinner, we just
left for our room and straight went to bed. it was 11 p.m at night and i
couldn't sleep.

I was sleeping sideways facing her, she couldn't sleep either. she asked
me who was i fantasizing about and i told her that i was fantasizing
about her.after hearing this Preeti laid one of her hands right between
my thighs just touching my prick. I got an instant erection & she
noticed the bulge. She lay the hands for a few seconds. I then moved my
penis a little closer to her hand & positioned such that her whole hand
covered my prick. She moved closer to me & now her beautiful breasts
were very near my hands. She put her hands in my pajamas after opening
the buttons & I was already very wet. she jumped on the bed and we
started kissing each other hard. she hold me tight in her arms and my
hands were in her beautiful brown hair, holding it tight. she had
beautiful hair. brown and thick and about 5 inches longer than the
shoulder length. mmmmmmm we kissed each other soooo much. i was on top
of her.

i started biting her lips hard, but not that hard to make her hurt. she
liked it. both of us were turned on. i bite her lips, then her chin, and
kissed her cheeks and bite em. she was giving soft moans.
aaaaaaahhh...it was great feeling. then i started kissing her ears. i
licked her ears and bite it. she was out of control. kajal moaned and
moaned. i was getting so much excited by her aaaaaaaaahhhs and
uuuuuuhhhhhhhs and ooooooohhhhs... i didn't stop at all. it was our
first experience. i kissed and bite and licked all over her face.
oooooooo it was so great. She suddenly stood up & looked at me & smiled.
She helped me remove my pyjama. She was sitted besides me. then I stood.
i took her shirt off and then her bra. The most beautiful boobs hanging
there her nipples were soooooo hard and were poking out. waiting for me
to suck them i put my lips on her nipples and started sucking them. she
lifted her body as she couldn't take it any more. her tits were dark
brown like Cadbury chocolate i was enjoying as it was my first time.

i bite her nipples. oooooooo i just love biting all over her body. it
was soooooo sooooooo great. then she got up and threw me on the bed and
started doing me the same way i did her. she started biting my
lips......oooooooooouuuuuhhhhh....... let me tell u how that
felt.........mmmmmmm...then she started biting my
ears....ooooooooooohhhhhh god.... oooooooooohhhhhhhh... i was
moaning...this was just a beginning of my great sexperience....i
couldn't take it... i put my hands in her hair and started pulling it...
making her to stop kissing and licking my ears. but i couldn't. we were
just enjoying it sooooooo much. She was still wearing the panties. After
a while She immediately stood up & removed them too. I still get an
erection anytime of the day when I remember her removing the panties and
standing nude in front of me. I was sitting on the edge of the bed. She
sat down on the floor in front of me. I immediately figured out the next
move & I came closer to the edge of the bed to assist her. The next
moment I was in heaven. she went down on me...just the way i did it
oooooooooohhhhhhh god and then she went down on my cock. my cock was
springing high. uuuuuuuhhhhhhhh oooooooooohhhh... she didn't play with
it...but she just took it in her mouth and started sucking it fast and
hard.....!!! and then faster and harder each time..........ooooooooo
Preeti...i was screaming..... i was enjoying it sooooooo muchhhhhh....
ooooooohhhhhh....she just went up and down on my cock.....oooooohhhhhhhh
ohhhhhhhhhhh yesssssss yessssss.... she sucked it sooooooo hard....up
and down... slurping at my cock...harder and faster... i hold her hair
sooooooo tight....i wanted her to stop and give me a break and a time to
breath. but she didn't!!!

she didn't care how hard i pulled her hair, but instead she was enjoying
it. ooooooohhh both of us were just sooooooo turned on.!!!! She
continued it for a few minutes. And gave me a great blowjob She also
kissed my balls & played with them. Then when I was about to cum I tried
to take it out of her mouth, but she insisted it on taking in her mouth.
And in next few seconds I cummed & a big load of cum shot right in her
mouth. She took it all in her mouth. Some dripped out of her mouth on to
her chest & some she swallowed. still she didn't stop. she kept on
sucking it and ate my cum...ooooooooooohhh i was shaking...my whole body
was shaking...i was like oooooo Preeti please stop now. it was hurting
me soooo much. but she didn't stop. she kept sucking my cock until it
shrinked...!!!

Then she laid on the bed & spread her legs. again I went on top of her &
started to kiss her lips heavily. I came lower & kissed her nipples &
she moaned. I sucked her hard beautiful nipples heavily. I lowered more
& licked her shapely tummy. and gave her a big kiss on her belly button.
she moaned loudly. i licked it like a dog. Preeti never experienced
anything like this before. oooooooooo i looked at her face smiling and
moaning.she looked sooooo beautiful. She spread her legs. I could see
her vagina, which was tight.She started moaning. By that time I could
see the love juice coming out of the cave. I licked every part of it..
My hand instinctively went on her cunt & started exploring it. She
moaned again.I kissed her cunt & it smelled so good I could hardly take
my mouth of it. My fingers went into her cunt & I could feel her clit
waiting to be felt.

At that moment she moaned heavily & said yes yes yes. I then lowered my
tongue spreading her cunt with my fingers & started licking her clit. I
slowly increased my intensity & pushed my tongue hard against her clit &
she started moaning heavily. My other hand started to explore her ass.
She had got a beautiful tight ass which I think had been unexplored. My
fingers started to find its way in her ass & she again said yes yes. I
continued to lick her clit for some time often pressing her boobs. After
a few minutes she cummed & I saw the cum oozing out of her cunt &
dripping out. She asked me to take it in. I did so & it tasted very
good. Then she said the she wanted to loose her vignette (she haven't
took the cork in). It was waiting for a rod to be broke open. I pressed
her breast hard. She screamed a bit. I sucked her nipples so hard that I
nearly bit it. Then I applied my saliva on her cunt and on my dick for
lubrication.

Then I guided my rod through her legs into her pink pussy and in one
blow broke open her lock. She screamed with pleasure and me too. I
started the to and fro motion slowly. She was saying stop, stop and
moaning like a wild bitch. I did not care and I was ramming her .and had
pinned her. I could see the love juice coming out and Preeti was
enjoying every bit of her life at that time. I told her that another
load of cum was going to come out. We did not care and I shot the load
right inside her vagina. Both of us were exhausted till that time. and
then she fell on me and we fall asleep. this went on for about 30-40
minutes. and this was just a beginning of our sex tour. after 3 hours of
sleep. we woke up again. and Preeti told me to fuck her. she didn't have
to give me a blowjob or anything. my cock was already rocking hard. i
got up and put her legs on my shoulders and started giving her in her
clit. my cock went in and out and in and out... and faster and faster
every minute. she was moaning in pleasure...ooooooo Somesh...ooooo
Somesh... she was calling out my name...."ooooo Somesh...fuck me...fuck
me fast...ooo ooo Somesh do it..." then i laid on her and started
kissing and fucking her at the same time...my hands rubbing in her
hair.....mmmmmmmmm...it was soooo great...then she got on top of me and
started jumping on my dick... up and down...mmmmmmmmmmmm ooooooooooohhhh
oooooooyesssssssss... it was great....mmmmmmmmmmm....

i was holding her hands tight...and she was holding mine tighter... i
opened my eyes...and saw her beautiful face covered with her beautiful
hair. it looked soooooo sexy. we fucked like that for over 10 minutes
then i told her that i was going to cum...and oh oh...she went there
again on my cock... ooooooooo she is the best cock sucker...uuuuuuhhh
she just sucked it sooooooo fast, without stopping for a second....ooo
Preeti, Preeti...oooooooo i was holding her hands sooooooooo tight
now....oooooooooooo and then suddenly i came on her...she licked it and
eat it... and gobbled it... I was feeling really very tired so I lie on
that couch or on her bad and she went into the bathroom for a while but
kept the door open.

I could hear the sound of her pee going down the flush. When she came
back from toilet she gave me along kiss on my mouth and a deep hug and
said, Now I want you to fuck my virgin ass. i think wow, virgin ass" I
open her buttocks and saw a very tiny hole.

I asked her if she was sure about it and she said, " shut up and fuck
me" at first I just inserted the head and she cried out loud with pain.
"Do you want me to stop" she replied " no, not at all push it all
inside' with a bit if hesitation I forced my way into her tight rather
very tight ass. About half of my prick went inside. She was begging for
me to insert the whole thing. I pulled it out a bit and then with a
massive jerk got the whole thing deep inside her ass. The experience of
anal sex had always fascinated me. After a few times the penetration
became easy and she was moaning and screaming. Her face was buried in
the pillow. I held her breast from behind and with a fast continuo's
pace, I fucked the woman first time in the ass. We fucked for at least
minutes in the same position and finally I came inside her and filled
her ass with my cum.

I stepped off the bed and she resumed that position not saying a word.
"Oh, my god, are you all right" I said. " Yeah sure" she got up and
stood on the bed with a grin.and then she went to sleep again l last
year she got married. i haven't seen her since then.. i had the best sex
in my life only with Preeti nobody yet has given me more fun than her.

so any girls here in or around Bhopal wanna give it a try, or wanna get
same kind of sexperience i gave to Preeti, then email me to
Somesh4u@onebox.com, write to me and tell me what u think about my
article. girls even if u r not in bhopal still write to me to get with
me on the phone. but for the Bhopali girls, write me, and we can meet
and get it on..... and on.... and on.... and u get this experience from
me...


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *6256* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2608>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2608>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2608>

