I had just freshly graduated with a master's degree in psychology, and while on the fence about going for my PhD, I decided to set up a small, private practice.
I was 24, and was looking for some cash to pay off my student loans before going for another round of higher ed.
Instead of working for someone else and jumping through all kinds of serious therapist accreditation shit, I decided to set up as a private councilor.
I had an office space rented an set aside, but the deal was I'd meet my patients where they chose, within a certain range. I was like a mental health delivery boy, if you would.
I had my practice going for about a month, Mos of my clients choosing to use my office space, but a few chose coffee shops or parks.
On the one month anniversary of my opening, I got a call from an Aussie woman, asking if I could make a last minute meeting that day.
I accepted, mostly because the biggest part of my job was just listening to people, and I loved the sound of her voice. She told me her name was Mindy, and she asked if we could go to my building's roof because she said heights help her clear her head. I accepted, not seeing a problem with it, as weird as it was.
At 4 p.m., the time given by Mindy, I grabbed a notepad and a folder and headed up the service stairs to the roof.
It took me a while three seconds to find that my patient for the day wasn't "Mindy."
Sitting in on top of a heating duct was a hot blonde in skin-tight blue jeans and a black, form-fitting and low-cut black sweater. It was none other than Yvonne Strahovski. Her call had caught me off guard because I was so used to o her American accent she usually used on screen.
"Hello there," I said with a friendly smile, but nothing predatory.
"Hi," Yvonne, I Mindy, said back, coming towards me to shake my hand. "Thank you so much for filling me in on such short notice," she said with a winning smile, coming off as only a little shy.
"Of course," I replied as we went back to her improv seating. "I'm still very early in my practice, so I'm taking every appointment I can fill," I explained.
"I see," Yvonne said, nodding along. "You do look very young," she noted, observing me head to toe from leather dress boots, over my black slacks and up my buttoned shirt to my well-kept, black beard.
"Yes ma'am," I confirmed. I just graduated from a master's program a few months ago."
"Well congrats to you," she said with a warm, genuine smile, flashing me her beautiful white teeth.
"We're here for you, though," I said as I flipped open my pad.
"Right, talking about me," Yvonne confirmed, swallowing hard. "I have a hard time talking about this, and your laid back approach so far is a good start in warming up," she explained.
"Take your time. It's okay," I assured her. "Whenever you're ready.
"Well, the problem is... I move around a lot, right? I do a lot of travel and I don't have a lot of time to see my husband, who is always busy, too." Yvonne sighed deeply, dragging a well-mannecured hand through her golden mane. "It's just... we have a hard time staying... intimate."
"Okay," I said softly, letting her know I was following along.
"I love my husband, I do. It's just... well, we never get to do, well, it, anymore. I want to, but sometimes it doesn't always work out. One of us are always tired or stressed, or it's like we don't know what the other likes anymore, and we get lost trying to remember, you know?"
"I understand, yeah." I waited for her to continue, but she sat there, looking a her sneakers. "Mindy," I said, using her fake name, "What are you looking for? What do you want? Not as a couple, not with him. For you. What do you want?"
She sighed again and looked at me, her gorgeous, icy blue eyes freezing my heart for a moment. "That's a great question, Pat," she said, still refusing to let my eyes go. "I love my husband, heart and soul, but I need physical love from him, too, you know?"
"I do, yeah. We all need affection; not just words and little gifts, but a more primal and physical way. What makes us feel more lived and desired than a healthy sex life? Pardon me if I overstepped somewhere."
"No, no. You're right," she agreed. "Is this... is this something I should talk to him about?"
"If we were in a relationship, hypothetical, of course, I would want to know how you felt, and I would want you to be trusting of me enough to talk about it, Mindy." I got the feeling she knew I knew who she really was. Yvonne Strahovski is a very memorable woman.

A couple weeks later, there was a knock on the door of my office suite.
"Hello?" I said as I opened the door, and then my blood ran cold.
"Aren't you going to invite me in, Doctor?" It was Yvonne Strahovski, leaning against my door frame in a stunning black, sleeveless dress with a slit that ran up her mind thigh. The come to bed eyes she was already batting at me made my mouth water.
I stood to the side and ushered her in.
She closed the door behind her and locked it. I couldn't help but notice that she had a laptop with her.
"Um, Mindy?" I asked, still using her cover.
"It's part of our session. And I think you already know that's not my name," she said as she set the laptop down in my office.
"I do know who you are, Yvonne" I confirmed. "And we didn't book another session." I definitely wasn't going to kick her out, though.
"Do you want me to leave?" she whispered hotly on my ear, her hands playing with the buttons of my shirt.
"No, I don't. I just didn't expect to see you again," I said breathlessly. "How are you and your husband doing?" I kicked myself for asking that.
Yvonne smiled and kissed my cheek. I could feel her lips on my skin well after she pulled away. "You're sweet. And he's part of why I'm here. I talked to him like you suggested."
"And?" I asked as she separated from me and she set up her laptop.
"So we talked, and he actually feels a lot like I do. We both know we love each other, and we've more or less signed up for these feelings, by various work and social contracts. But we still want to make this work."
"Okay," I said thinking I was following along, but I also noticed that while talking to me, she had set up her computer's camera function.
"We've decided the best thing for us is a sexually open relationship. We can partner whoever we want, but there's a catch."
"Go on," I said, crossing my arms.
"Whenever we find someone, we record it, and send it to the other," she said, coming back to me, the recording green light showing that we were indeed, rolling. "And I was hoping that, um... you would agree to be the first one?"
I froze, completely unprepared for all of this. I had no idea Yvonne Strahovski would offer to fuck me as part of a marriage counseling experiment. "Yvonne, are you..." She leaned forward and gently kissed my lips. Yvonne was a tall girl, ranging around 5'9", so I only had an inch or so on her.
"I am very sure, and he's okay with it, too. He's sent me one vid, so it's only fair I send him one back. You get to keep it, too, and I hope you'll keep it to yourself."
"I legally have to as patient privacy, Yvonne. This video goes no where or I can literally do time."
Yvonne captured my lips again and gently nibbled on my bottom one. "Wouldn't you rather do me, and have this video to watch all you wanted?" She kissed her way down my chin, and licked the column of my throat with her sinful tongue.
"I would very much prefer that," I told her, lifting her chin with my finger, only for me to slowly, languidly kiss her. I felt we were going to take it slow, and take our time. We wanted to make this damn good as we were being filmed, and would have a small audience after all. Some part of me was hoping that Yvonne would keep the video for herself as well.
As we kissed, I could feel Yvonne undoing every button, and once my shirt was fully open, she slowly slid it from my shoulders, leaving me bare chested.
Yvonne replaced her lips at my neck, and slowly kissed her way down to lick my collar bone, and continued her way down to my chest, her hands slowly preceding her path down my abs. She's the first woman who has ever wrapped her tongue around my nipples, who ever licked them and drew them up like I was waiting to do to her, but her painfully slow nail dragging to my waistband, the slow march of her lips and tongue down my torso straight to my belly button told me she had other plans first.
Her hands rested on my loins, framing my crotch with her thumbs brushing the button and zipper of my black slacks. I didn't need a belt because I bought pants that fit.
"Can I?" Yvonne asked from her knees, her beautiful diamond-like eyes looking up at me.
I nodded and swallowed deeply as Yvonne popped the button and slowly slid my zipper down. "I was thinking about this the entire ride over here," she said, now palming me through my underwear, my pants as wide open as they could be without her pulling them down. "I've anticipating this; what we're going to do, the look on my husband's face when he sees it. I love the idea of him touching himself to completion, wherever he is, watching me with a stranger."
My hands were already in her luscious blonde strands as she kissed the outline of my fully erect penis. "God, you're so hard," she whispered just loud enough for the camera to catch. She kissed the tip of my length, and then wrapped her soft lips around the shaft, over the freshly washed clothe that covered me.
She looked up at me again and licked her lips as she slowly pulled me free of garments, pushing them down to the top of my leather boots. "Well hello there," she said, and just her breathy voice with that sexy as fuck accent made me twitch, and she smiled at that, which made me twitch again. "I love how responsive you are," she said and then blew a line of cold air from my balls straight up to tip in one long breath, making my entire body shiver.
"God damn, Yvonne. You're torturing me," I told her, only half joking.
"Good. I want to take my time with you. I'm paying for the full hour, aren't I?" she asked, looking up at me with a quizzical smirk.
"I'm paying you for your services in a number of ways, I guess."
"I started this business to pay student loans, but I never expected to whore myself out a bit," I joked.
Yvonne stopped what she was about to do and looked up at me. "If you're not comfortable doing this, I won't make you. I thought it'd be fun for you, and a way for me to thank you..."
She started to pull my pants back up, but I stopped her. "No, we're doing this," I said, meeting her eyes. "There's no way we aren't," I assured her, and smiled, wrapping a soft hand around the base of my cock for the first time.
I groaned lowly in the back of my throat as she gave me a gentle twist. "You don't have to pay me a thing, Yvonne. I'm about to have sensual sex with the most gorgeous woman I've ever met."
"Flatterer," she accused as she placed the softest kisses on my piss slit. With every brush of her lips, I somehow got even harder, and she got closer to taking me into her mouth, but she was taking her time before I could even get past her lips.
"I want to watch your eyes as you slowly suck me, Yvonne. I want to hear your gentle moans as you lick me all over, and please, don't hold back when I'm inside of you."
It was her time to moan, and with that last bit of motivation, she finally took my bell end into her mouth, her tongue wrapping around it and exploring the crown of my cock head. She kept her eyes on me, just like I asked, and I was already past heaven.
"Oh my God, Yvonne. That feels so good," I said as I leaned my arms back on my desk and let her work. This was easily the slowest, most methodical blow job I had ever received, but there was no way I was complaining about it.
"I'm glad I please you," she said with a smile, letting me out of her mouth for a moment. "Am I moving too slow?" she asked, looking for honest input. She licked my dick like it was a ice-cold popsicle on a hot day. I could have levher just keep that up forever.
"You're doing just fine," I said honestly. "Your mouth is amazing and your tongue game is legendary."
"I plan to have the veins on your cock mapped in my head by the time I'm done, Doc."
With that final quip, Yvonne was back to lovingly suckling my prick, getting more and more of me down by the minute. It was the first b.j. I'd ever had that lasted this long without the girl trying to take me all the way in. With stunning black dress and perfect hair and all, Yvonne Strahovski was a lady, and she sucked me accordingly.
Yvonne would have been happy to suck me and lick me down until my package pruned, but I felt it was time to move on.
I took her hands in mine and stood her back up, and she kissed my cheek. I appreciated her not trying to kiss me on the mouth after what she had been doing.
I was a little surprised when she gave me a tiny push, and I took a step back. She had the most seductive, cock-twitching smile I'd ever seen. I stood transfixed as she slowly pushed her dress down her beautiful frame to reveal expensive black lace bra and panties. She was absolutely mouth watering.
"I want to touch you so bad. Look at you. You're perfect," I told her, meaning every word.
"Go ahead. You can," she encouraged me and led one of my hands to her shapely hip.
This time I did kiss her mouth, but not too deep as I palmed her breast over her thin bra. She gasped, and I was nearly tricked into sliding my tongue into her mouth. I really wasn't too quick to go out what my own dick tasted like.
Yvonne reached behind her back and unclasped her bra. She slowly slid it off, and I moved my hands to her perfect ass as she bared her tits to me. "I want you to keep this, okay?" she said and put them behind me on the desk.
I replaced my hands over both of her pliant mounds and I rubbed her harding nipples with my palms. "Oh my God," she whispered into my neck before attaching her lips to my hot skin. She suckled, leaving a hickey that could be covered easily by a shirt, but I'd see it in the mirror for a few days.
I slowly moved one hand around to the smooth curve of her back and teasingly dragged my nails down her porcelain skin to her juicy ass again.
The breast that had my hand on it was exposed to the air for only a moment until I covered it with my mouth.
I sucked the supple breast flesh of this MILF as if I was trying to breast feed, and her hands in my dark curls, the way she leaned into every sensation, told me she was loving it.
I slid my lower hand below the waist band of her panties and I traced her ass crack with my finger tip before plunging as low as I could.
Yvonne slowly pressed her hips back, trying to allow my single finger to continue its journey. She had had enough and removed her hands from my hair and made quite the slow show of shimmying out of her panties.
She dangled the garment from her finger and leaned forward, kissing my neck again as she placed them with her bra. "These are for you, too," she told me as she wrapped a warm, delicate hand against my hot, fully erect penis.
I took the blonde goddess into my arms and I picked her off the ground just long enough to spin her around and sit her gently on my desk. "Look at you," I breathed, my hands on my hips. "You're perfect."
"Just how perfect?" Yvonne asked in a seductive put, and this time, she had me. This time I did take her with an open mouthed kiss, our tongues colliding, sliding together as we traded spit, my hand slipping between her legs and her hand wrapping around my shaft.
I rubbed her lips with my fingers as she twisted and tugged on my pole, both of us gently humping into the others ministrations.
We continued our make out as her pumps and fondling got bolder, as she spread her legs and allowed me to bury my fingers in her hot, wet slash.
We moaned into each other's mouths, each other's necks and shoulders. I ground her clit with my palm and explored her velvet tunnel with my fingers until she came.
Yvonne's head fell back and she sobbed out as she dribbled out from between her legs, down to my hardwood floor. Her hand was like it was stuck to my cock, holding me in a death grip as she hyperventilated, trying to breathe through her soul-stealing orgasm.
Once she was finally back to her senses, her head resting on my shoulder, her hand started pumping me again.
"Yvonne, do you think it's time?" I asked I to her ear before tracing the shell of it with my tongue before nibbling her earlobe.
Yvonne spread her legs wider, and gently pulled me forward by my dick like it was some kind of leash. She looked me straight in the ear as she guided my swollen, purple to her puffy folds.
We rested our foreheads together as we slowly moved our hips to together as I slid in. Her ass was barely on the table as I moved in inch by inch until I was fully stuffing her.
"Oh my God," Yvonne panted in a breathless whisper, he hands around my shoulders. "Jesus Christ do you fill me up," she moaned as we started to move our hips together, both of our cores tightening as we made sensual, measured thrusts.
"You're so tight, but so welcoming at the same time," I muttered, just saying whatever came to my mind. "God, are you perfect, even the way you fit around me."
We kissed again as we started to speed up, and Yvonne had to reach behind her to brace her hands on the desk as I lifted her off of the desk by her ass.
We began to throw powerful hip together, but kept the pace languid and solid as we had been all night.
"Oh, oh fuck," Yvonne groaned, matching every stroke I made. We both watched our meeting areas as I pulled almost completely out before we both fully came back together again.
She had the awareness to sweet the few things on my desk to the sides, and allowed herself to lay back, her hands now cupping her beautiful breasts, fingers working her light pink nipples as we continued to circling and grind our sexes together.
Yvonne's body tensed, and she bit back her cries by biting her own fingers a bit as she came for her second time. Her lovely lady cum drenched my cock even more of that was possible, adding to the wet, languid sloshing that was all ready taking place.
"Oh my, oh my God!" Yvonne moaned, her bountiful chest heaving as her hands speared through he own luxurious hair.
The feelings around me were too much, and the sight of Yvonne Strahovski laid out on blissful after-orgasm blow with her still around my member was too much.
"Yvonne, I'm to... I'm going to..." I tried to warn her.
She came up off of the desk with an impressive sit up, wrapping her hands around the base of my neck, kissing me soundly again, still rocking her hips into me, meeting my ongoing strides.
She rested her sweating forehead to mine for a second to and said, "It's okay. Do it. Fill me up." She sucked my to give into her mouth and kept sucking it, and I came.
I came hard. My eyes screwed shut and I lost all control of my hips. I needed and jerked into her as she kept riding me for all I had, pulling every single bit out of me that she could.
I was a panting mess by the time we were both satiated, and we had all the film she wanted from our meeting.
Once we had both gotten dressed again, and Yvonne was all packed, she was at my office door.
"Expect an email from me soon," she said with a wink, and just like that, Yvonne was out of my office, leaving me with panties and a bra to remind me of what we had done, and our smell lingering in the air.
About two weeks later, I received an email from Yvonne with two attachments. Our video, and a video of her getting off solo to our video.