My Sisters and Me
by drew 

I did my best to avoid Katie the next few weeks and I’m sure she did the same. In the moment, it was exciting and taboo, and sexy as hell playing strip games with her. But it was soberingly shameful afterward. It was odd, I never felt this humiliation after my interactions with Maddy. Perhaps because those occurred (mostly) with just us two. Maddy was also much more natural about it.

On the occasions where Katie and I did run into each other, there was mostly awkward silences and glances. But a few weeks later, she was back to her bossy, confident self.

“You’re wearing that?” She gave me a disgusted look as I got ready to leave the house for a date. I was eager to get away from all this “icky” sister shit and hopefully see some non-familial pussy. It had been too long.

“Awww I think he looks cute K!” Maddy said.

“If he’s trying to be the next star of My Big Redneck Wedding,” Katie responded. “You look like a scarecrow.”

Maddy giggled, but interjected. “Stop it! He does not!”

But I actually kind of did. Dressed in a flannel and jeans, all I was missing was a straw hat. I laughed it off.

“Where’d you meet this chick anyway?” Katie asked. “Farmers only dot com?”

“Shut up. Why you so interested anyway?”

“I’m not. Just saying.” She laughed and raised her eyebrows before turning back to whatever show she was watching.

“Bye Drew!” Maddy said.

“C-ya MADDY.” I emphasized her name and gave a mocking look toward Katie, who turned back to me. She returned the look and rolled her eyes as I walked out the door.

Alas, my date went well enough, but she (Jamie) was clearly not a girl who “hooked up.” Not really wanting a full-blown relationship, I let her know. She seemed disappointed but we agreed to be friends. In the past, I may have pushed a little harder, or been vaguer with my intentions. Especially as hot as Jamie was. But it was as if I wasn’t even that interested. And Maddy and Katie kept creeping into my thoughts….God I was fucked up.

I returned home in blah mood. Usually, if I didn’t go home with my date, I would have the urge to watch some porn and jerk off before going to sleep. There’s a lot of restraining urges when trying to make a good first impression. But tonight, I just wasn’t feeling it.

I struggled to fall asleep for a little bit when I noticed the hallway light turn on. Katie’s door opened and she emerged in my sight line. Dressed in only a tiny navy thong, she walked to the bathroom, holding her tits in her hands. Entranced by her sporty ass, I was instantly brought back to the strip-cards night when I saw it bare. She wasn’t in a hurry. Her hips swayed intoxicatingly back and forth as she strutted down the hall. The bathroom door shut behind her and I was stiff as a board. I waited patiently to see what she did.

I heard the sink water running and the bathroom door reopened. Katie made her way directly to my room with a boob in each hand. She looked into my room in a calm, self-assured manner, though I’m not positive she could actually see me. She disappeared around the corner, the light turned off, and that was that. So much for not jerking off, I thought to myself. I finished in about 15 seconds.


I typically like to complete my workouts earlier in the morning when the city (and my family) was still asleep. But my unorthodox schedule didn’t always allow for that. It was a chilly autumn afternoon and the leaves crunched beneath my feet as I walk home from a frustrating day at the gym. My routine took me almost triple its usual time with all the d-bags and Instagram chicks hogging the equipment for their selfies. To add insult to injury, the sky clouded over while I was inside and there was now a light rain coming down.

I arrived home to find the condo empty, or so I thought. I peeled my soggy clothing off and entered the shower to clean up. The hot water soothed my foul mood as I let my mind wander. Once I finally had enough, I turned the knob off, and basked in the steam a bit longer. When I pulled the shower curtain, the door to the bathroom suddenly burst open.

“What the hell!?” I jumped a bit, startled. I peeked my head around the corner to see that Maddy had entered the room. I sighed, with relief. “Jesus Maddy, you scared the shit out of me.”

“Sorry!” She said. I still just had my head stretched around the corner. The rest of my body was in the shower, out of her view. “Just need to brush my teeth real quick.”

She applied the paste to her brush, but instead of using it, she began to floss. Slowly, I might add. I awkwardly watched her floss for a bit as the water on my body began to evaporate, giving me goosebumps. My towel was hung on the wall opposite the shower. I would need to step into my sister’s eye line to grab it.

Fuck it. I thought to myself. I cupped my cock and balls in my hand – I certainly didn’t want Maddy to see my package in its current chilled state – and stuck one leg out of the shower. I reached my other arm across the way to grab the towel.

Maddy didn’t hesitate to steal looks at my body while she flossed. I made sure to subtly flex my arm and thigh muscles before pulling the towel back towards me. I turned three quarters the way around. I wanted her to see my back and ass. For whatever reason, girls seemed to compliment that part of me the most. I began to dry off, and gave her a good 10 seconds. I couldn’t see from this position, but I knew she was ogling. In order to catch her, I turned my head in an instant and saw those blue eyes locked below my waist in the mirror. She bashfully looked away, and began looking around the room.

Satisfied, I wrapped the towel around my waist and walked past her. She had finally begun brushing her teeth by this point.

“Bye!” Her voice muffled. She checked out my chest and abs quickly and I shut the door behind me. The post shower events had an even better effect on my mood than the steaming hot water.


It had been over a month since Ed and Amy’s party. I hadn’t seen Kelly since, but saw Jordan quite a bit. He never brought up that night. Was probably too embarrassed from being so horned up. And obviously I had no reason to discuss my sister-induced hard-on either. I’m not sure if it was on purpose, but we avoided Ed and that whole side of town as well as the other spots where we frequently ran into the girls.

But time heals all wounds – or in this case, all shame – and we found ourselves at a dive bar that Kelly and Katie loved visiting on Thursday nights.

“Well, well, well look what the cat drug in!” Kelly exclaimed as we entered the bar. We had Dave, the bartender, pour us two beers.

“Ahh you guys finally decided to show your faces back in here huh.” Katie said, in her cocky manner. She and Kelly looked as good as ever, though much more casually dressed this time. Kelly’s hair was in her signature braid and she wore a t-shirt and jeans. Katie had her hair pulled up in a ponytail and was also in jeans, with a sweater on top.

“What’re you guys up to tonight?” I asked.

“Probably just hanging here for a bit. I gotta work tomorrow so nothing too crazy.” Kelly responded. “you?”

“I’m off tonight and tomorrow. Wanted something low key though.”

“Pssssh. Low key. Ha!” She mocked. “You’re off tomorrow. Oie! Dave! Pour this man a shot!”

“Whiskey?” Dave looked at me. I looked at Kelly shaking my head. She smiled back, batting her eyelashes at me. I couldn’t resist.

“Tequila!”

“There he is!” Kelly shouted. Dave poured the drink and I quickly gulped it down.

The night continued, and Katie, Jordan, and myself were succumbed into drinking shot after shot from Kelly. She drank a bit herself, but not nearly the same amount. Eventually, we found ourselves naturally split into pairs. Jordan and Katie flirted in the corner. Myself and Kelly at the bar. There was almost no one else in the building other than Dave.

“So Drew…you seem extra interested in me tonight. What changed from last time?” Kelly asked me. I had my hand on her thigh.

“What do you mean?” I slurred.

“Well, if my memory serves me right, you had a MASSIVE boner after you pulled off Katie’s underwear!” Her grin was ear to ear.

“What!? No!” I lied. I could feel the heat forming in my face. And it wasn’t from the alcohol.

“You did!” Kelly laughed. “I saw it!”

“Okay well one…why were you looking down there?” I tried to turn the tables on her.

“Uh uh. Nope. Not gonna shame me. It’s totally natural for me to check out some dude in only his boxers. But getting hard from your sister’s coochie on the other hand…”

“Shut up! C’mon Kells! You were barely dressed too. And the E was taking affect. I had plenty of reasons to be…have a…you know.”

“I do know.” She teased. “And I’m pretty sure it was just a little chub when I got down to my undies.” She raised her eyebrows at me. “’But full on rager when Katie’s charms were revealed!” She looked over at my sister and Jordan. They were playing pool.

“I…it’s just…” I stuttered. My cheeks were blazing at this point.

“Oh, relax Drew!” Kelly rubbed my back. “I’m just giving you shit!”

“You’re mean!” I said.

“Nah I get it, you can’t control that. It was a pretty wild night. I was…well…I had to get out of there in a hurry or I probably would’ve made some bad decisions.”

“Like…?”

She rolled her eyes at me. “C’mon. Let’s dance.” She walked over to the jukebox and put on some 80s pop playlist.

80s weren’t really my cup of tea, but I was pretty loose by this point, and allowed myself to catch the rhythm as Kelly rubbed her big ass up against me. It didn’t take long for my bulge to swell up under my jeans. Kelly smiled as she felt it, but didn’t say anything. We continued to dance.

Out of the corner of my eye I caught Katie staring at us. She didn’t seem pleased. Not angry or anything, but almost upset? Or…jealous? She made eye contact with me and held my stare as her friend grinded on me. Without a doubt, Katie was bored with Jordan, and he looked pretty frustrated.
Katie watched in silence for a bit longer before coming to her senses. She got up and walked over to us with nice posture and her head held high.

“Alright lovebirds, time to get going.” She said to us.

“Loooooovebirds!” Kelly mocked the title given to her. “Okay!” She quickly stopped dancing on me and kissed my cheek. “See ya around Drew!” She turned to Jordan, who was sulking in the corner. “Bye bro!” He returned a little wave. The girls disappeared just as quickly as they did on the night of the stripping. Jordan didn’t say much to me after, and we both went home a little later.


Halloween was nearing. Pumpkins and cornstalks were everywhere I went reminding that I needed to find a costume. There were flyers being handed out promoting various parties taking place across the city. Jordan and I were rummaging through a thrift store, trying to be sparked by an idea.

“This is useless,” I said with frustration. “I need to have an idea in mind so I know what I’m looking for. All this stuff’s just gonna make me look like a hobo if there’s no plan to it.”

“Word. Yeah..and good luck getting some ass dressed as a hobo.” Jordan replied. We agreed to go our separate ways and I walked home. It was an unusually warm day for late October.

I arrived home and saw a note on the counter from my mom saying she’d headed out. The shower was running and Katie was taking an afternoon nap on the couch. Which meant Maddy was in the shower. My turn. I thought devilishly.

Ever since Maddy barged in on me in the bathroom, I waited patiently for the right time to return the favor. I quietly hurried up the stairs, not wanting to wake Katie. My heart rate sped up. The water shut off and I turned the knob, praying she left it unlocked. My prayers were answered and I walked into the room. I turned the sink on, I didn’t want to startle her.

“Oh…hi Drew!” She peaked around the corner in her normal lively manner. “Watcha doin?”

“Hey Maddy. I was gonna get in after you.”

“Ahh okay. I won’t be long.”

I took my shirt off and acted like I was busy.

“Hey don’t look back here for a sec, k? I’m gonna grab my towel.” Maddy said. Her towel was in the same place as my own – on the wall rack across from the shower.

“Got it.” I confirmed.

But c’mon, we were both kidding ourselves at this point. Her right leg stepped out over the tub and onto the floor. It had a golden shine to it from the water. She dropped a hand to shield her vag but let her breasts swing free as she pulled the rest of her body out from around the corner. I only saw side-boob, but it was enough to guess that her tits were as perky as her personality. She glanced over toward me and let out a little laugh when she saw me creeping.

“ahhh!” She let out a cute, quiet little yelp as she now stood completely nude out in the open – though facing me from the side. I welcome the profile view of her bouncy right butt cheek. Cupping her pussy with her right hand, she grabbed the towel with the left, and easily wrapped it around her body.

“Show’s over!” She said.

“what..?” I played dumb.

“Just joking. It’s all yours.” She smiled at me and exited the bathroom.

Before stripping down, I went over the shut the door. I heard Maddy’s voice again, but it was not directed toward me.

“Hey Katie!”

Katie? I thought to myself. I looked out into the hallway to see Katie’s door swinging shut quickly. She hadn’t said anything. Had she just witnessed what happened?



Lucky for me, Katie’s jealousy had been kicked up a notch after seeing me flirt with Kelly, and in the bathroom with Maddy. In the past, she would’ve given us TONS of shit had she seen us in the bathroom together again, naked. But now, she didn’t say a word about it. In fact, she didn’t say much at all around me. No jokes, no sarcastic remarks, no bossing me around.

Nonetheless, she had discovered how to get my attention. She was wearing less and less around the house. She even walked around in only a towel on a few occasions – when mom wasn’t around of course.

Maddy’s reaction to Katie’s behavior was interesting. The first time her big sister walked out to the kitchen in a towel, Maddy and I were sitting on the couch and I was helping her do her homework.

Katie didn’t have it in her to pull off the same “innocent” routine that Maddy did so expertly. She didn’t giggle or laugh or smile. She would just walk out, grab whatever she was looking for, maybe bend over a bit. But that was it.

Maddy watched her curiously. Almost as if she was studying her.

And Katie continued to push the boundaries. One night, when she knew I’d be awake, she pulled the same hallway routine as before. But this time, she did it completely naked. It was hard to see, because she didn’t turn the light on, but I was almost positive there was no thong or anything when I saw her ass jiggle down the hallway. On her way back, it was confirmed. My eyes had adjusted to the light and I got a quick glimpse of shadows and smoothness before she splayed her fingers to cover. She kept her chest covered much to my dismay. I was dying to see her cans. It seemed I just needed to make her a bit more jealous. Ironically, it was Katie herself who ended up giving me the opportunity to do so.

Maddy was a quick learner, and it only took Katie doing it a few times before she tried the towel move out herself. It was a lazy Sunday and Katie and I were lounging around. Maddy was in the shower. I didn’t dare creep on her with Katie wide awake right next to me. But I did notice Katie glance in my direction when the water turned off.

“What?” I asked.

“Nothing.” She replied. She went back to looking at her phone.

Before we knew it, guess who came waltzing down the stairs in only her towel. Maddy’s auburn hair was wet and now more of a brown color as it cascaded down to the top of the cotton.

“Forgot my phone.” She blushed when we looked her way. She pranced out to the coffee table where her phone (conveniently) lay. I tracked her movements and she laughed, but then I saw Katie. Her eyes burned with annoyance as her competition not only stole her move, but had the audacity do it right in front of her. I could feel something was about to go down.

“Ya know Mads, if you wanna hold his interest, you gotta eventually let him see something.”

“Huh?” Maddy turned to face her older sister, but she was too late.

With one swift motion, Katie whisked the towel away from Maddy. She took off up the stairs.

“Ohmygosh!” Maddy squealed. I got a quick bare butt shot before she turned to face me. She was frustratingly fast at draping one arm across her breasts and the other over her crotch. I guess she had plenty of practice by now. She wasn’t tense, her hands and arms lazily shielding her privates. I stared.

“Drew! Don’t look!” She said. But her facial expression told me otherwise.

She made zero attempt to escape her situation. She stuck out her bottom lip in a faux-pouting display. “Can you get my towel for me?” she asked.

“uhhh” I didn’t want to move as my dick was as hard as ever. She looked amazing, with her tanned, toned body barely covered. She wore a shy, lively grin.

“I mean, you just gonna stare or….”

I stood up, and didn’t bother to adjust myself. Maddy looked ecstatic at the tent in my shorts.

“Ummmm…” was all she said as she moved her eyes up and away, and then back to my cock, and then away again. It seemed she was almost more embarrassed for me and my stiffy than she was standing there in the nude.

I made a motion toward the stairs when I saw Katie’s ferocious gaze, like a lioness. Her eyes locked onto my boner but she didn’t have the amusement on her face like she did when I pulled her panties down that glorious night which felt so long ago.

And then, all hell broke loose. A key shoved into the front door, the knob turned, and the door swung open.

“Oh shit!” I heard Maddy whisper, behind me. Her playfulness was instantly replaced with fear. But she had nowhere to go. She was trapped behind me and the furniture. She stood exposed in the middle of the living room with her arms now pressed desperately against her privates.

“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING!” Our mom’s voice boomed into the room from the kitchen.

“Oh my!” our aunt Nancy stood beside her.

It was a ridiculous scene. I raced to cover my hard-on but it was too late. Both my mom and aunt saw me standing only a few feet away from my bare-naked sister with my dick pointed at the ceiling. I saw Katie scurry further up the stairs, towel still in hand.

“FOR HEAVEN’S SAKE, HOW MANY TIMES ARE YOU GONNA DO THIS MADELINE?!” My mom dropped her bags and marched over to Maddy.

“Mom, no…Katie took” Maddy pleaded, but my mom cut her off.

“NO, NO! WE ARE DONE WITH THIS. LET HIM SEE IT AND BE DONE WITH IT!”

“Whattt? Let..!” Maddy whimpered. Our mom was close to her now and there was nowhere to run.

“FEAST YOUR EYES, DREW!” Our mom grabbed my sister’s arms and quickly and efficiently moved them off her body and over her head in a full nelson pose.

Finally, I was treated to a full view of Maddy’s tits and….bush!

“Oh Suzanne!” My aunt exclaimed toward our mom.

“Please mom, let me go! Please!” Maddy tried to squirm free but it was futile. She looked over at me. Now she was embarrassed. I kept my eyes on her bulging, bright blue ones as long as I could manage.

Sorry I tried my best to say with my expression. She knew what I was about to do next.

If you must

My eyes bulged out of my skull as they scanned her body. Her boobs were decent sized, firm, and perfectly perky - as I already had figured. Her nipples were soft and puffy and I could barely see the difference between areola and skin. I was surprised at the cute, fluffy, tuft of hair covering her kitty. It was a similar color as the dark autumn leaves outside. She had nice sharp tan lines surrounding her tits and box.

Seeing her stand there, wiggling around in head-to-toe humiliation was too much for me. My dick hurt at this point, and felt like it was going to burst out of my shorts.

“Oh Andrew come on! She’s your little sister!” My aunt scolded me, and pulled me out of my hypnosis.

I finally fidgeted with my penis and began to get the fuck out there.

“Well who can blame him with Maddy constantly parading herself around like this,” I heard my mom say as she struggled to hold Maddy a little longer.

I made my way up the stairs to see Katie observing from the top. She hadn’t been noticed by anyone in the chaos. She granted me an apologetic look. While she clearly meant to embarrass Maddy, she definitely didn’t intent for this to happen. I shook my head at her, not saying anything and locked myself in my room.


You go Suzy! I'm still rooting for the mom who's clearly had enough of her kids' shit at this point.

And thanks to my favorite character's involvement, things have rounded a very interesting corner.

Drew has now seen both of the sisters naked.

As much as Katie gives him shit, I'm willing to wager that she enjoys her late night strolls as much as he does. She hasn't busted his chops about jerking off in a while but at this point I figure they're both fully aware of what's happening and that Katie's very clearly putting on a show so I find it highly likely that she frigs herself silly when she gets back to her room.

And then there was Maddy's grand unveiling. Suzanne was very clearly out to drop a Mom Bomb on the situation and get things over and done with. Maddy's go-to move of 'shy' teasing won't hold up much now that Drew's seen everything. So if the story is going to continue and escalate properly... Maddy will have to change up her game a bit.

Let's see...
Maddy left the bathroom in a towel with the very clear intention of showing off.
Katie ripped off Maddy's towel after she stole her 'move'.
But Suzanne was the one who held Maddy in place and forcibly exposed her.
Drew did some very obvious ogling and showed just how much he enjoyed it.
Honestly, the only one who was completely innocent in that whole ordeal was Aunt Nancy.

Perhaps its no more Miss Nice Girl? I wonder if Maddy will be out for some revenge? Maddy was the one who showed an interest in seeing Drew naked so maybe once she gets a proper eye full to even the score she can rope him into helping her get some payback.



For a while, Katie demonstrated a bit of guilt for her part in Maddy’s exposure. She was extra nice and walked on egg-shells around our younger sister. Once it was evident that Maddy had somewhat moved on, the teasing began.

“Muff Maddy” was the new nickname Katie hand landed on. The first time she used it (obviously when our mother was nowhere to be found) I rolled my eyes.

“Seriously?....You had two weeks and that’s all you could come up with? You know he changed his name to Diddy like before we were born right?” I glanced in Maddy’s direction to see her reaction. She didn’t reciprocate. She had been distant towards me for obvious reasons.

“I’m working out some material,” Katie giggled. “Figured I better test it out on you two Boner - ”

“ – Shut UP Katie!” Maddy snapped at her. It was the angriest I’d seen her since I moved in with them.

Katie listened, but made an overly stern face, moving her eyes from side to side, almost mocking the tension. Maddy saw her.

“This was all YOUR fucking fault anyway!” Strike up another first for Maddy with that F-bomb.

“Mads I said I was sorry! I didn’t know mom would be home early!”

“Well, you’re clearly not!”

“I was just trying to lighten the mood…you two have been a bummer lately.”

“I WONDER why? And I never pulled your towel off when you were walking around in front of Drew!”

Katie was taken aback. It was the first time any of us had acknowledged that Katie was also flaunting her body in front me.

“I wasn’t walking in front of him!” Of course, she denied it. “I was getting some water.”

“EVERY day?” Maddy didn’t let up. I kept as inconspicuous as I could.

“Well, if you DID pull my towel off, I wouldn’t have just stood there like an idiot!”

“Whatever Katie. You can be a real bitch sometimes.” Maddy said coolly. She got up and stormed up the stairs to her bedroom.

I looked at Katie and she looked back at me. We sat in silence for a few seconds.

“I wasn’t walking in front of you,” she finally said.

“I know.” I lied. I got up, making my own exit.

“But..” I thought I heard Katie say. It came out too soft to be certain. I ignored it and went to my room.

Later that night I heard knocking on my door. I opened it to find Katie dressed in a slutty Wonder Woman costume. Her massive cleavage in the tube top outfit was pushed up right in my face.

“Hey.” She said, simply.

“Uhhhh,” I struggled. She ignored me.

“Hey I need your help.”

“Okay…”

“Can you see my underwear in this?”

“What?”

“C’mon Drew!” She whispered. “Seriously, I can’t ask Maddy right now she’s pissed. But I feel like this material sucks…It looks like I can see the exact outline of everything when I look in my mirror.”

“Um. Okay come into the light.” I motioned her into my room. I stepped back. I could basically make out her entire booty shorts around the waist area of the costume. The skirt portion of it feathered out at the thighs and wasn’t tight. “Hang on, turn around.”

She gave me a quizzical look but spun around. The outline continued around her ass.

“Yep. Nice booty shorts.” I said.

“Fuck! These are the thinnest I have. I’m gonna have to send this thing back.”

“Halloween’s Saturday.”

“Ugggh I know,” she groaned. “I’ll figure something out. What are you guys doing for it anyway?”

“Think Jordan was gonna try and have Ed get us into Thimble and Hops.” Being 19, I was technically not allowed in the brewery/nightclub.

“Ahhh, okay. Amy will be there too and can get you in. She knows the owners.”

“Cool.”

“Okay, thanks Drew.”



Halloween night was here. The best holiday of the year for a horned-up 19-year-old. I ended up deciding on a Peaky Blinders outfit. It was relatively easy to pull off and made me look good, I thought. Though, some people had to ask what I was dressed as. Jordan went as a sexy devil.

“Any excuse to have your shirt off,” I gave him shit when I saw his outfit. He had his chest displayed with a large set of red wings attached to his back and tight black jeans.

“Damn right.” He said.

Our other friend, Kyle, was dressed as Joe Exotic.

The three of us pre-gamed and Ubered over to the brewery district.

“Damn, he’s not responding. I’m sure it’s crazy in there.” Jordan said as we stood outside Thimble and Hops in the increasingly chilly night. Ed hadn’t texted back in the past 10 minutes. Luckily, our entrance wasn’t entirely dependent on him.

“Hang on, let me text Amy. She’s supposedly here as well.”

“Well look at you, how’d you get her number?” Jordan asked. A girl walked by us in a skanky Harley Quinn outfit. She gave Jordan smile, skipped the line, and walked inside. “Ahhh c’mon man, we gotta get in there!” The line outside was roughly 40 people by now – all dudes, of course.

“She uhhh. Well actually Katie - Boom!” I exclaimed. “She’s coming down.”

“Nice!” Kyle and Jordan said.

Amy strolled out of a side door of the brewery. She had on a Britney Spears “Slave” outfit complete with a big yellow rubber snake and blonde wig. Her body was already the petite size of Britney’s at the time and she had it spray tanned to match that era. She pulled it off brilliantly, which wasn’t really surprising given the amount of cash she could spend on her costume.

“Boys.” She smiled at us.

“Amy, this is Kyle,” I introduced our friend.

“Nice to meet you Kyle, I’m Amy.”

“Hey.” Kyle said, attempting to sound aloof.

“Dig your guys’ outfits, c’mon.” Amy motioned us into the door and just like that, we were in. No ID check, no lines, no douchebag bouncers.

“This place is sick!” Kyle exclaimed. We entered into a sprawling first floor which had a huge square bar in the center of it. There were shiny copper brewery vats and dinner tables on one half of the bar and open areas with high tables and games on the other half. They also had an outdoor patio that sat along the river, but that area was closed for the season. The bar was crawling with people, every single one of them clad in costume.

“Dude, look at all these smoke-shows!” Kyle’s eyes bulged and he looked every girl that passed him up and down. You could see the displeasure in their faces. Kyle wasn’t nearly as experience as Jordan and I with girls. In fact, we were pretty certain he was a virgin. He wasn’t necessarily ugly, but he wasn’t turning heads either. But it was mainly his desperate attitude that was the deal breaker.

“Relax, Kyle,” Jordan said.

“Alright, I’ll check back in with you guys a little later.” Amy said. And before I could turn around to say bye, she had disappeared into the crowd.

“You banging that chick?” Kyle asked.

“Nah, man. We met one time and we’re just friends. But she’s really cool.”

“Damn, I’m sorry, she’s hot.”

“Well, being friends with her obviously has some other perks.” I extended my arms, exhibiting the glorious building we found ourselves in.

“Let’s get some drinks.” Jordan led us over to the bar and we ordered up some beers and did a few shots. Our buzz kicked in and we loosened up. Jordan and I began flirting with two girls, one dressed as a pirate, the other as an elf. We challenged them to a game of giant Jenga.

“Alright we’re gonna make things interesting. If you guys win, we’ll buy you some drinks. If WE win, you give us your numbers.” Jordan said.

“Deal,” the pirate said.

We began our game, slowly taking out block by block, until our tower reached taller than the girls. Kyle stood by, sort of awkwardly bobbing his head and checking out his surroundings. I saw the elf give him an unpleasant glance a couple of times, but she didn’t say anything to or about him.
When it was the pirate’s turn, the tower was way too tall for her, and she sent it crumbling down to the floor.

“Ahhhhh! She screamed, trying to avoid the wooden pieces.

“VICTORY!” Jordan flexed his muscles, much to the girls’ amusement. The elf rushed to give him her number. I took the pirates, whose name turned out to be Andrea.

“Looks like you guys are finding some fun.” I felt a hand on my shoulder. Amy had reappeared. Andrea and the elf glared at her.

“Hey! Yeah, where have you been?”

“I want to show you guys upstairs. Follow me.” She smiled at the two girls. “Amy, by the way.” They gave her a half smile, but didn’t introduce themselves.

Amy moved, silkily through the crowd. It was as if people parted way for her. Like they knew who she was. We followed, and the elf and pirate begrudgingly walked along with us. We reached a dark corner in the back of the bar. There were two huge bouncers in front of an elevator and a set of stairs. Both were roped off. The bouncers sized us up, before seeing Amy. They stepped out of our way, but remained silent and we climbed the wooden stairs.

I knew there was a club on the top floor but I had no idea how badass it actually was. It was much darker than below and stretched three levels. There were private lounges and tables all around and several, large dance floors.

There was a live DJ at the front-center of the club. His face was plastered on the screens around us. I recognized him, but only from the advertisements around the brewery district. The elf and pirate were much more impressed.

“Platypusado!” Andrea yelped.

“These guys’ names get dumber and dumber,” Jordan muttered. Amy looked back and him and laughed. The elf wasn’t amused.

As bad as his name was, the guy held the pulse of the crowd. There was an electricity upstairs that wasn’t present down below. There was also a much larger girl-to-guy ratio up here.

After giving us a tour and doing a shot with us, Amy was gone again.

The five of us remaining hit the dance floor. We danced and I lost track of time. Things began to get a bit blurry as we continued to punish our livers with alcohol. That’s when the 2nd wind arrived.

I didn’t see them come in but heard a familiar voice calling my name.

“Drew!!!” She yelled out. I turned around to see Kelly, dressed as Moana, beaming in the spotlight. None other than Wonder Woman herself, Katie, stood beside her.

I noticed my sister had solved her panty line problem by wearing dark leggings under her skirt. She was likely the most conservatively dressed girl in this whole club. Still, she stood out. As did Kelly, who wore a flower in her hair, which was down and in curls. She had on a colorful tube top and a grass skirt, which was MUCH skimpier than the one worn by her cartoon inspiration.

The presence of my sister and Kelly was pretty much it for Andrea and the elf. They made feeble attempts to dismiss the new arrivals, but eventually sulked away and began grinding on some dudes near us. We didn’t care. Well, Kyle was a bit annoyed as once again, he was ignored.

I eventually latched on to Kelly and she began twerking that round ass on my groin. Amy came back to check up, said hi to the girls, and took us upstairs to a more private area of the club. This section had the least dressed girls of the entire building. And the dancing up here was getting quite raunchy.

Kelly and I continued to grind and I slid my hands all over her toned thighs. I dared to move them higher, and noticed Kelly was once again wearing spandex shorts under her skirt. Katie watched us, while dancing with Jordan and Amy.

It didn’t take long for Jordan to lose patience with my sister, and he coincidentally ran into the same Harley Quinn chick we saw outside. They recognized each other and began to dance. Her skirt may have been even higher than Kelly’s and she was rubbing her barely-covered ass all over Jordan.

Kyle was getting frustrated with being left out. He had met my sister before, and didn’t hide his infatuation with her. He continued to try and grind on her, but she was a pro. She never really pushed him aside, but she continued to expertly maneuver herself as to be dancing with Amy, instead of our poor, creepy, friend Kyle.

But despite having plenty of suitors, I could see disappointment looming on Katie’s face. She kept looking around the club, seeing the skin all the other hoes were showing off. She saw my hands rubbing up and down Kelly, Harley Quinn’s basically bare butt bouncing around on Jordan. She even felt the smooth thighs of Amy, as she playfully danced with her. In the middle of a song, she walked away.

The girls looked at her with concern, but she yelled “I’ll be right back!” through the crowd. We brushed it off, and continued to dance. About ten minutes later, she reemerged. The leggings were gone. Katie had taken them off, and her sporty legs were now revealed. Perhaps she figured out some other solution to her panty-line problem?

Some slower songs were played, and Kelly and I were really getting into it. She leaned into me during the song and we made out for a bit. Once we stopped kissing, I opened my eyes and saw Katie and Amy once again dancing across from us. Not quite as jokingly as before, they seemed to be feeling it more themselves.

The next beat was faster paced and Katie began to really put on a show. It was as if she was competing with her best friend. Kelly took on the challenge and her spandex-clad ass dug itself deep into my groin, harder and faster than before. Katie watched, but wasn’t fazed. She threw her long, dark hair around, smiled and rubbed her neck along Amy’s, and sensually sunk herself in line with Amy’s body.

Amy responded, but not in a way any of us would have imagined. Her hands crept up my sister’s thighs and grabbed hold of her skirt. She slowly raised it up, and then flicked the skirt up and above Katie’s waist, exposing her bald little puss to the dance floor! Question answered.

Briefly, Katie allowed me to look. In fact, she did more than that. Platypusado dropped the bass and Katie gyrated her hips and coochie to the rhythm for my viewing pleasure. She had a wild, feral look in her eyes. And then, she didn’t.

Mayhem ensued as some male onlookers noticed what was happening, and rushed to get a better view. It was led by Kyle.

“Oh, FUCK YEAH!” He announced with jubilation and got on his knees to see as much as he could.

Katie now looked disgusted, scared, and humiliated. She shot her left hand down to cover her vagina. The right one wrestled with Amy to pull her skirt down.

“Amy stop! Please! Amy let go!”

Amy, who initially was having fun and didn’t mean any harm, now realized the severity of her actions. She let the skirt drop back down and grabbed Katie to protect her. The two girls fought through the crowd as some dudes reached their hands under my sister’s skirt. I saw a few of them tickle her crotch and grab her ass cheeks before I took action.

BAM

Jordan was first. He punched a groper in the face, knocking him backward to the ground. I jumped in front of the girls where some creep lay on the ground with his phone pointed up, in attempt to capture Katie’s privates on camera.

“Ooooof!” He mumbled as I launched my heel into his stomach. His phone dropped and I stomped on it as well – shattering it.

A full-on brawl was about to break out and we had to get the fuck out of the club as fast as we could.

“Kyle come on!” I yelled at him. He was still in a bit of a trance, but soon followed after me.

We rushed down the stairs, all of us protecting my sister from any other pervs. Once we got to the bottom floor, things had settled down. The music continued to beat.

“Dude what the fuck was that!” Kyle shouted. “She was totally shaking her pussy for you!”

I forced as quizzical of a look as I could manage and nodded my head. “Nah bro, she didn’t know what was happening.” I lied. He gave me a strange look, clearly not buying it.

We were now out of the club portion and walked our way down the stairs back to the brewery.

“What about my leggings?” I overheard Katie ask Amy. “They’re in that locker up there.”

“I can get them later once things settle down. None of us should be going back up there right now. I’m so sorry Katie!”

We all piled in an Uber together. Katie placed Kelly’s jacket over her skirt. The driver dropped the girls off first, before taking us guys home.

“Mannn, what the fuck. That Harley chick was ready to goooo.” Jordan moaned once we settled in back at his place.

I did my best to keep this the topic of conversation until we went to sleep. Because I knew where the more obvious topic would lead us, and it would have been nearly impossible to deny that Kyle was right. Katie was one hundred percent shaking her pussy for me.


