Kakashi slid next to Genma and Kurenai, casually nodding to them and listening to them gossip for a little bit before he started asking questions. “Who’s that pony-tailed chunin that works in the mission room? The one with the scar and who mollycoddled Naruto?”

“Do you mean Iruka-sensei?” Genma asked, flipping his senbon to the other side of his mouth. “He’s the one that spoke out against you for nominating your team for the Chunin exams.”

“Yes, that’s the one. Why does he have so many women after him?”

Kurenai laughed. “Because those three’s biological clocks suddenly starting ticking and they realised what a good catch he is. I mean, he’s responsible, good with kids, has great sense of humour, can cook, and has an absolutely terrific ass. What’s there not to like?”

“His temper, for one.” Genma smirked slightly. “You’d think they’ve been on the receiving end enough that they would know better.”

“Nah, I know for a fact that Anko-kun thinks it’s cute and Yugao-san likes the fact that while she still can take care of him, he’s got enough fire that he’ll stand up to her.” She took a small sip from her mug. “I don’t know what Shizune-san thinks about it, but I’m sure she’s used to it by now.”

“I’m half-way sad that those kunoichis do all the dirty work here.” Genma chuckled as he sucked on his senbon. “When those three started, I was really looking forwards to seeing Iruka-sensei in action.”

“Oh, didn’t you know?” Kurenai’s red eyes gleamed in excitement over the bit of gossip. “He made sure that Anko-kun got the Noodle Mission and that Shizune-san got that mission with that Kappa to make them back off.”

“No shit! He’s really the reason why Anko-san can’t look at pasta without screaming and trying to kill things?” He looked impressed. “Is he also the reason why Yugao-san hates rabbits now?”

Kurenai giggled—a truly frightening experience. “He gave her a mission with the Nichols rabbits.”

“Whoa. Now, that’s just cold. Cure or no, that’s not nice.”

“And that’s not all he’s done. Remember that day that Gai-san was going about challenging all the kunoichis in the area and got into that huge contest with Anko over who could wear underwear better?”

“Thank you so much for bring that memory back up. I had happily repressed all thoughts of Gai running around town in that hideous lacy green g-string and his leg warmers, but now, because of you, I can still remember him yelling that his Youthfulness and Prettiness would be a match for any of Konoha’s Lovely Flowers any day. Why did you have to remind me?”

“Well, Iruka-sensei told him that only a truly strong and accomplished man would be able to challenge a woman on a contest of her choice and win. It was just our bad luck that it was Anko-kun who came in at that point and not Shizune-san.”

“Iruka-sensei was the one behind that?”

“Most definitely. But did it ever make Anko-kun bitchy! She had been planning to go harass Iruka-sensei some more and by the time she had gotten rid of Gai-san, Shizune-san was trying to flirt with Iruka. He’s also the reason why Yugao-san was spotty earlier.”

“He’s really learned some subtleties.” Genma sounded admiring. “Is he also the reason for all the sake and slot machines that keep getting delivered to the Hokage’s office?”

“Oh, I’m sure of it.” Kurenai just seemed to notice that Kakashi was still standing next to them. “Is there anything else that you wanted, Kakashi-san?”

“His address.”

“Pardon me?”

“I’d like Iruka-sensei’s address.”

“Why?” Kurenai asked defensively. Kakashi frowned mentally, then he remembered that before Kurenai’s promotion to jounin, she had been an instructor at the Academy, thus probably had a friendship with the scarred chunin.

“He dragged me into the middle of one of those fights and left me there.” Kakashi said blandly. “Anko-san groped me.”

“That doesn’t sound like Iruka-sensei.” Genma frowned and Kurenai nodded in agreement. “What did you do to him?”

“What?”

“Iruka would never do something like that unless he had a very good reason to do so.” Kurenai folded her arms under her breasts, mug dangling at her side. “So spill; what did you do to him?”

Kakashi arched his eyebrow slightly. “I didn’t do anything to him.”

Kurenai narrowed her red eyes. “So he just randomly grabbed you and used you as a shield?”

“More or less, yes.”

The two ninjas regarded him suspiciously for a moment. Kurenai finally sniffed. “I’m not selling out Iruka because I don’t think you’re telling the whole truth. You figure it out for yourself. After all, you’re the great Copy Ninja.” She added, a bit snidely.

A quick glance at Genma said that the bandannaed ninja was in agreement with the kunoichi. Kakashi shrugged carelessly. “Hmm.”

Genma and Kurenai watched him slouch away. “I’m going to go talk to Iruka-sensei,” Kurenai said quietly. “You want to go see if you can’t get those harpies out of the way for a bit?”

“Yeah, I’ll see what I can do.” Genma bit hard on the thin bit of metal. “I don’t like this, not one bit.”

“You and me both.” Kurenai replied before bounding off.

She needed to warn Iruka before things got even more out of control.