John parked his black Ford F150 truck a block from where Ned lived. He turned off the engine then pulled the sunglasses he'd been wearing off and tossed them on the dash. He looked in the mirror and ran his fingers through his short dark brown hair as he checked to see if there were any remnants from lunch in his teeth.
He didn't want Ned to know he was there, at least not yet, and the sound of his muffler would tip him off. John was there to surprise his submissive and remind the young transgender man who was in charge. Ned had been forgetting that for the last few weeks and it was time for him to take matters into his own hands.
As he got closer to the house he could see that it was dark except for a single light in the front room, which meant Ned was working at his computer. John wondered if he was working on the new porn story he'd mentioned to him a few days ago which caused his cock to stir in his pants. One of the perks with dating a career porn writer was new material to read and jerk off to when he wasn't able to fuck said boyfriend. The odds were in his favor as it was only 2 p.m. and one of his writing days. If he was, that would make things so much easier as he would be ready to be used for John's sexual pleasure, which was another great perk as it meant Ned was almost always turned on and ready to fuck whenever he wanted his ass.
John knew the door would be unlocked as Ned never locked the door if he was at home, except when he was sleeping. It was a nice enough neighborhood so one could think about doing something like that, there were definitely a few neighborhoods in town where that was not true. John bent at the waist as he got to the fence that ran along the front of the house, so Ned wouldn't see him if he happened to look out the window.
The stairs to the front door were concrete so there was no need to worry about Ned being tipped off by squeaky wooden steps. As he neared the front door he could hear the TV loudly playing a documentary about marine animals. There was no way Ned would hear him come into the house or know he was there until it was too late.
John carefully turned the doorknob and gently pushed the door open. He paused to see if Ned had heard anything. He could now hear the clatter of the letters on the keyboard being pressed as he stepped into the foyer and gently closed the door behind him. John slipped his shoes off and left them by the door.
He glided across the tiled foyer to the study, the first door on the right. Ned paused in his typing and John held his breath. He was not ready for Ned to know he was there yet. The typing started again, and he darted across the door so he could more easily look into the room.
Just as he suspected, Ned was sitting at his desk with his back semi turned towards the door, so he could easily see the TV or look out the window. John smiled as he waited for another burst of typing then stepped into the room and stopped just behind the chair. He reached out and grabbed a handful of Ned's hair and pulled him out of the chair. Ned land on his knees. Instinctively he screamed as he had been totally engrossed in what he was writing, and it completely caught him of guard.
"Jesus Christ! What the fuck?" Ned demanded when he could talk again. John smiled but didn't say anything, he just continued to walk them towards the bedroom.
The room was dark with only some soft light coming in around the curtains that didn't fit the windows properly. John pushed Ned to his knees then stood looking down at him. After a few minutes he said, "Unzip my pants and suck my cock."
Ned's head hurt from where the hair had been pulled and his heart was still racing from the fright he'd gotten. The last thing he wanted to do was suck John's cock. His master had to be joking and he looked up at him with an incredulous look.
John was unmoving in his stance and glare. "Did you not hear me?"
"I did."
"And?"
Ned swallowed hard. This was the first time he'd not just done as he was told to do and he wasn't sure he liked how it felt but he was even less sure he liked John sneaking into his house and dragging him with a fistful of hair to the bedroom. At that moment, it didn't matter if he was his master and had permission to do anything to him that wasn't on the "do not do" list.
"I ..." Ned faltered as he struggled with the decision to either stand up for himself and possibly have the relationship end or do what he was told and later have the conversation about how this was going to go on the top of the "do not do this" list. He sighed as he made his decision then leaned forward and unbuttoned John's jeans. Ned carefully unzipped them as it was very likely that he was commando so as not to delay the sexual escapades any longer than necessary. It was a good assessment as he was prepared when John's hard cock bounced towards his face as the fabric moved away.
He cupped the balls as he licked his lips to moisten them then placed them against the tip of his master's cock. John placed his hands on either side of Ned's head and held it still as he raised up onto his tiptoes and forcefully drove his cock into the warm moist mouth. Ned gasped as the cock filled his mouth and hit the back of his throat. John looked down into Ned's eyes as he pulled nearly all the way out and slammed the cock back in.
"It is time to go down your throat," John warned as he pulled out completely, giving Ned a chance to change his position slightly and breathe freely for a moment.
He made fists in the younger man's hair to punish his mouth and throat as John pulled the head towards him as he thrusted his hips towards his face, the combination allowed him to shove his cock into Ned's mouth and down the throat in one move. Ned gagged but John held his cock deep in the submissive's throat, watching his face start to turn red as he struggled to breathe.
John eased some but didn't pull out. He loved the feel of Ned's mouth around his thick cock. It wasn't as good as his yielding ass, but it allowed him to exercise more control as he could with a small move block his throat completely and prevent him from breathing in, especially if his stomach pressed against Ned's nose and blocked air flow there. And, there was something humiliating about face fucking.
Ned tried to breathe in around the cock while he was given the chance, wanting to be prepared for when the cock would be shoved down his throat again and block his breathing again. He looked up at John's face, his eyes were closed and was emotionless. This assault wasn't being done in anger or lust—it was his duty.
He closed his eyes and breathed in as deep as he could as he realized what his behavior had led to. It hadn't been intentional to be bratty and forget his place but that was no excuse. Ned's body slumped with the acknowledgement.
John felt the change in Ned's body and smiled, his point had been made. He let his cock slip from the submissive's mouth. "Get naked then face me, eyes closed."
Ned nodded his head then stood up. He quickly removed his shirt and bra then pulled off his pants, revealing that he was commando today. It was chilly in the room and my body reacted to the temperature change with my nipples hardening and goosebumps all over my body. I turned to face my master with my eyes closed.
John brushed his fingers over the hardened nipples then pulled his hand back and lightly slapped first one then the other. Ned gasped but did not move away. John was pleased with Ned's growth with handling pain. When they started he was unable to handle more than a few slaps anywhere on his body and now, he could endure many minutes of moderate abuse with some higher intensity added in.
He reached into the top drawer of the bedside table next to the bed and found his favorite slapper—a child's plastic toy with some superhero character on the oval flat part. Ned had found it at the dollar store and brought it home in the hopes that it could be used in their play. It was now a regular part of their play. John slapped it against the side of Ned's breast, the edge of it landing on the nipple. "Oh god!" Ned gasped. Ned flinched when the slapper landed directly on his nipple and he cried out again. The next slap was harder and caused him to cover his breasts with his hands to protect them.
"Move your hands," John ordered. As he waited for Ned to move his hands, he slapped his groin.
"Oh fuck!" As sensitive as his nipples were, his lower lips were even more sensitive and the toy had landed against the tip of his engorged clit. His hands instinctively moved away from his breasts to cover his groin.
John slapped his breasts several times in quick succession while Ned's hands were busy between his legs. Ned's body arched with the pain and his moved to cover his breasts. John laughed then slapped the groin again. "We could play this game all day, but I don't have all day," he said. "Keep your hands behind your back or I will tie them there."
Ned moved his hands behind his back as he was told and gripped his hands together as he braced for the slapper. John didn't keep him waiting long. The toy landed all over his breasts, leaving red oval marks in its wake. When it hit his nipple just right, Ned cried out and covered his breasts. "Please, no more," he begged.
John tisked a few times as he pulled some rope from his front pocket. "You were warned," he said as he wrapped it around Ned's wrists and tightened it so he couldn't escape from it.
He moved Ned backwards towards the bed then pushed him back so he landed on the bed. John reached behind Ned and connected the bound wrists to a hook on the back of the bed, pulling Ned's hands up over his head and out of the way. Ned wiggled his hands trying to loosen the rope, but it just tired him out.
John leaned down and whispered, "You were told not to cover up. Now you will have no choice in the matter." Ned felt his face warm as his cheeks turned red. Naturally, his master was right—it was his own fault for being tied up and unable to protect his breasts or groin from whatever his master wanted to do to him.
The toy landed with a loud slap on Ned's right nipple and he lifted off the bed. "Oh fuck! Please ... oh god ... please ... no more." John ignored the plea and slapped the toy all over his breasts, especially hard over the nipples, for one minute without pause then let it fall sharply against his pussy, targeting the engorged clit that rose between the lips. Ned twisted and squirmed to try to escape the toy, but it was useless.
John tossed the toy on the bedside table and it clattered against the wood. Ned breathed a sigh of relief. He could hear John undressing and wanted to open his eyes enough to get a peek as he loved looking at his master's body but knew he would get caught and punished even more.
The tension was thick in the room as John stood over him, not touching him. Ned squirmed in anticipation, he was so turned on and ready to be used.
John silently watched Ned's body as he wrapped his fingers around his thick cock shaft. Precum oozed out of the tip and provided lubrication as he masturbated. It wasn't going to take long for him to get off.
His hand flew up and down the hard cock, bringing himself to the edge then backing off as Ned's hips turned towards him and lifted off the bed, begging to be used. John straddled Ned's waist, his knees pressed into the submissive's thighs, forcing them far apart and holding him tight against the bed, then went back to masturbating.
Ned was pinned in place and there was nothing he could do. He could only wait for John to decide to use him—or not. He could hear John's hand on his cock, his precum had to be flowing quite well to allow for so much squelching. It wasn't a surprise, punishing him seemed to turn John on more than just about anything else.
He was thankful that John didn't trick him into making mistakes just so he could punish him. Ned had served dominants who would do that, and it was so disheartening and ultimately ended the relationship. He didn't mind being punished if he'd earned it, like he had today, but to be tricked was just unfair.
John reached down and pulled hard on one nipple then slapped it to watch Ned cry out and squirm under him, knowing there was no way for him to escape. He swatted the other nipple then pinched it hard. Ned gasped, and his body arched, bringing his pussy closer to John's balls. John tapped his cock head against the clit head, knowing it drove Ned crazy.
"Please fuck me," Ned begged. All the liquids in his body seem to have moved to his pussy to moisten the tight tunnel and his voice was scratchy and barely above a whisper. "Oh god, I need your cock."
"Do you think you deserve my cock?" John demanded as he continued to tap it against Ned's clit. Ned didn't answer right away, he knew the answer but didn't want to say it aloud. "Answer me cumslut."
"No, I don't deserve your cock."
"You're right, you don't."
"Please ... I'm sorry ... I will remember my place. I ... I just need to feel you inside me. Please fuck me. I need you." Ned knew it was pointless to beg but he was desperate. He needed to have his body be used and be allowed to relieve the sexual tension cursing through his body. The sound of John's hand moving faster on his cock was unmistakable. Surely, he wouldn't just come on him when he could fill him, right?
"Too late," John replied then moaned loudly as the come exploded in bursts of hot, sticky globs that covered Ned's chest and stomach. John reached down and rubbed the come into Ned's skin. He sat back and looked down at his handy work. "Look at my cum-covered slut, not deserving of my cock filling their holes."
Ned's face was bright red again. "I'm sorry, please forgive me. I promise to do better."
John slid between his legs and flexed the fingers on his right hand, the larger of the two. "Promises are meaningless. You know my rule—do not say you're sorry, show me." Ned nodded his head, his eyes still closed. He had known it would be useless to beg and make promises but his body's needs overwhelmed any thought of what was the correct thing to do.
When John was happy with how flexed his hand was, he spread the pussy lips in front of him with his left hand then slowly worked his right hand into Ned's tight pussy that was still very well lubricated.
"Oh god ... please ... ohhhhhh fuck," Ned cried out. John's hand was huge compared to the toys he'd filled himself with and he wasn't quite used to it being used inside his pussy. "Please ... go slow!"
John ignored Ned's words as he pushed the hand deeper into his pussy and began stretching his his fingers to loosen the muscles. Ned whimpered and moved slightly to allow the hand to have easier access. John slapped his breast hard for moving. "Go back to the other position. This isn't supposed to be easy for you."
Ned slid back to the previous position with a groan as John forced more of his hand inside him. "You're going to take my whole hand today and I'm going to fuck your pussy with it. It is going to be hard and you're going to walk funny for days," John warned. "If you don't come by the time my arm is tired, I won't fuck your ass but will just cover your slutty body with my come again."
"Oh god ... yes Sir ... I will ... I want your come inside me."
John pulled his hand back, almost pulling it all the way out, then slammed it back into the tightness. "Fuck!" Ned cried out and arched his back. The assault with John's hand seemed to go on endlessly as Ned focused on coming so he could be filled with John's cock.
John's cock was hard again and bounced against the bed as he roughly fucked Ned's pussy. He could feel the precum dripping off the tip and onto the sheets. He rarely had a chance to relieve this side of his dominance and it was refreshing to be able to take all of it out on Ned's pussy.
Ned groaned and whimpered as he got closer to orgasm. He couldn't believe how turned on he was and how much he was loving being treated like a punching bag for John. It was intense, and he knew he was going to regret it tomorrow but for now he was getting close to the edge. He clutched his pussy muscles around John's hand, trying to hold it inside him as he attempted to pull out.
"Oh fuck ... oh god ... yes! Oh fuck! I'm coming!" Ned groaned loudly, his body thrashing as he started to come. His pussy milked the hand as wave after wave of pleasure crashed over his body.
John pulled his hand out and lifted Ned's legs up to expose the puckering ass hole. He drove his cock into him with one thrust, filling him almost to the hilt with one go. "FUCK!" Ned wasn't expecting the angle or the velocity of the cock in his ass. He tried to pull away, but John held him in place as he roughly fucked his ass.
Ned was in tears as his ass was being sodomized, his needs or pleasures not a consideration as he was fucked hard. "Oh yeah. Your ass is so tight and feels so good," John growled as he fucked him. "Open your eyes and look at me. Who is your master?"
"You are! You are my master!" Ned whimpered, he was barely able to speak, as he stared up into John's eyes.
"Who is in charge?" John pulled out then slammed his cock into his ass.
"You are!"
"Are you going to forget it any time soon?" John pulled out then slammed his cock into his ass.
"Oh FUCK!" Ned cried out. "No! I will not forget!"
John slammed his cock into Ned's ass again. "I'm going to fill you with my come, ass slut cumbucket."
"Oh god." Ned groaned. He loved being called names and his body, exhausted from the assault, reacted strongly.
"You like that? You like being called a cumbucket?"
"Yes Sir!"
"Are you ready to be filled with my come bitch?"
"Oh god! Yes!" Ned's body quivered as he started to come. "Oh, fuck yes ... yes ... yes!"
Ned shook as his ass tightened around John's cock. He had to force his cock into the spasming ass then roared as he suddenly started to come, filling Ned's ass with his seed. "Oh fuck! I'm coming ... my ass slut cumbucket is going to be so full."
John finished, his cock buried to the hilt inside Ned's ass, and he fell between his legs, collapsing on Ned's chest. His breath was ragged, and he was covered in sweat. He lifted up slightly and kissed Ned softly, almost apologetically. "I'm proud of you, you took your punishment well." John's voice was soft and loving. "You're going to hurt for a few days."
"It will be a good reminder to behave better," Ned replied with a smile.
John reached over Ned and untied his hands and rolled off his body. "Thank you for serving me," he said as he wrapped his arms around Ned.
"Thank you for allowing me to serve." His body was already starting to hurt but he snuggled against John, loving the feel of his protective arms around him. "I love you."
"I love you, too." John kissed him softly. "Let's sleep then I'll take you out to dinner."
"Thank you master."
It didn't take long for either of them to fall asleep, their bodies sated... for now.