Exposed
by williepeter

A flasher gets serious.

He was staring at her intently, sitting across from her in the food court. Her normal reaction would be to get up and move in disgust, but for some reason she didn't, she felt a tinge of excitement. Watching him out of the corner of her eye, she opened her legs slightly. His reaction was almost immediate, She looked over at him, and he quickly looked away. She went back to eating her fries and thumbing through her book. She opened her legs a little more and noticed he was rubbing himself, Wow she thought to herself she gave him a hard on. She quickly got up and exited the court. She was surprised by the excitement she felt.

Amy was 19 and a nerd. Still a virgin, never had a boyfriend. Letting the old pervert look up her skirt had really excited and scared her.

Her commutes to work involved a 45-minute train ride, but it was worth it, the job paid well, and she enjoyed her work. A week after the food court incident, she was on the train home and noticed a guy across from her staring. Feeling safe with all the surrounding people, she felt safer than in the food court. She opened her legs slightly. She stole a glance at him, to her surprise he didn't look away, he smiled and nodded. Embarrassed she looked down, shifted slightly opening her legs wider. To her, surprise, he still didn't look away like most men did when she caught them trying to look up her dress. Ok, she thought as she opened a little wider just as the train rumbled into its second stop he got up walked past her, dropped a note in her lap. He departed the train at the stop. She was shaken, excited as she departed at the next stop.

When she got to her room a started to change, she realized how wet she was. She seldom touched herself, but she did now finger herself to orgasm. She opened the note, all it said was a shorter skirt, next Monday. She blushed as she read it.

The following week it was all she could consider as much as she tried not to, Saturday afternoon she went shopping.

Monday after work she wore her shorter skirt, and he sat across from her, He made no attempt to hide the fact he wanted to see up her skirt. She obliged and opened her legs, he had his hands clasped together he opened his hands and spread them apart, she knew what he wanted. No one seemed to be looking, she opened wider than she ever had before. She was so excited she could hardly breathe. She sat like that till his stop came up again, he dropped a note. When she got home, she barely touched herself before she had an orgasm. All the note said was thigh highs.

The following Monday he sat across from her, she opened her legs, giving him a view all the up to the bare flesh above the thigh highs. He got up before his stop and stood in front of her he reached down and placed her hand on the support pole next to her, she was in a panic. As she grasped the pole, he rubbed himself on her hand through his slacks. She was petrified, he rocked back and forth with the motion of the train. She could feel his erection being rubbed against her hand, Suddenly he went rigid and groaned, and she felt the wetness in his pants. Again he dropped a note in her lap and quickly left the train.

It took a while for her to realize what had just happened, he had cum in his pants. She had made a man cum. She had made a stranger cum in his pants. She quickly fingered herself when she got home, it wasn't enough, she did it again in the shower and in the middle of the night. It felt like she was on fire. The note instructed her to get a shorter skirt, shorter than the one she just bought, and no panties.

That Monday she was so excited, she felt so dirty naughty no panties. He was dressed casual in just a tshirt and shorts rather than his usual business suit. When she spread far enough that he could see her sex, he broke out in a broad smile. She noticed him adjusting his shorts, and she could see up his pant leg and see his cock. She couldn't help but stare. When he stood, she put her hand up on the pole, and he did not disappoint. She felt his naked cock rubbing on her hand it was getting wet slippery, and he finally came all over her hand and down her arm. To her, surprise, he bent and kissed her quickly on the lips before he left the train. She didn't bother trying to wipe off her hand or her arm, as soon as she was off the train she couldn't wait to taste it, smell it. By the time she was home, she had licked her hand clean, loving the taste and the excitement of tasting a man's cum. No note this time.

The following Monday she followed the same routine, she exposed herself. He got up earlier than usual to get ready to leave the train, he stood in front of her his shirt untucked when he moved slightly she could see his exposed cock. He stood just unreachable by her hand on the pole, then she realized what he wanted, she timidly reached out and caressed his naked cock. She gently wrapped her hand around it, he gasped and with the gentle rocking of the train he fucked her fist. He was looking down her top as his erection slid back and forth in her hand. He wasn't able to cum before it was time to get off the train. He dropped a note and kissed her quickly before leaving the train. The note instructed her to stand in front of him when he got up to prepare to leave the train.

She had the wildest dreams, his cock was like a fire hose, coating her with his manly fluids. It filled her mouth and she drank eagerly. She kissed, licked and caressed is she couldn't get enough when she was awakened from a sound sleep by an orgasm. She realized that the last time she saw him, he made some gestures that looked like sign language. It was what a nerd like her needed most, a mental challenge. She spent every waking hour of the next week learning sign language. That Monday, as she sat across from her, she signed hello. He broke into a bright smile and signed back what she thought was cat then she realized it was pussy, and she spread wide for him, she didn't care if anyone else saw or not.

He indicated it was time for her to stand, and she moved to where he normally stood, and he came up behind her. He pressed up against her suddenly she felt his cock rubbing on her bare ass. He had his exposed cock up under her short skirt as he rubbed his pre-cum all over her ass. Shaking, weak kneed, she felt his cock begin to rock slowly back and forth in the crack of her ass. He leaned over and gasped in her ear as she felt the hot cum all over her ass. When she felt him let go, she was racked by an orgasm, left weak and shaken as he stepped off the train. She walked home, his cum running down her backside, she was elated, his cock had felt so good on her ass.

A couple of Mondays later, he indicated he wanted her to get off the train with him. She was frightened and excited as she got off the train, he walked off ahead of her, not waiting. She struggled to keep up, he got to his place, leaving the door open for her. She walked in, and he pointed to a couch, she went and sat. He came and stood in front of her and exposed himself, leaving little doubt in her mind, he wanted her to suck it. She took it in her mouth, loving the taste smell and feel of it, she really didn't know what she was doing but got into it quickly. Hearing him moan as he thrust it in and out of his mouth excited her, she found by increasing suction she got more reaction. She could feel his urgency as he grasped her head and thrust forward, exploding cum into her mouth. She swallowed, loving it, she managed to swallow it all. He put himself away motioned her to stand and follow and walked out of the house she followed him back to the train station, her motioned her to get on and walked away. She savored the taste of his cum all the way home.

The following Monday was a holiday, very depressing. The next Monday ride home from work, he wasn't there, nor the following week. She got off at his stop and walked to his place there was a for rent sign, He was gone. She cried all the way home.

A couple of months later, a shy, quiet looking young man sat across from her. He was trying to look up her skirt. She shifted and gave him a better view, he blushed. When she got off the train and rushed home, she was wet. You know the rest of the story.

