Note: This story was dynamically reformatted for online reading convenience.

Author: Arthur Kay Title: Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  4) Suck or Sink-Sucker! 
Part: 4 of 6 Summary: ''Scooter'' gets cornered at a public swimming pool
by 4 tough male teenagers and has to choose between swallowing the pool or
swallowing them.  Keywords: M, MM, ws, nc, rape, humil, oral, ws, anal

   WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual
descriptions and language.  If you are a minor (under 21) or if you are
offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now.  Any
resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental.  The
participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative consequences
other than those portrayed in the story.  The story is intended for
entertainment and should not be emulated in the real world.

   Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  4): Suck or Sink, Sucker!

   by Arthur Kay

   I had been The Duke's personal sex slave for about a year and I had been
with many different gay men each and every weekend.  "Be obedient, Scooter,
and do what they tell you and make me proud!" was The Duke's oft-repeated
phrase just prior to the meetings.  I made him proud, too!  Why not?  I
loved sex and was good at it.

   While he made twenty, twenty-five bucks per pop, the five bucks he doled
out to me helped financially.  If that sounds like rationalization, so be
it!  I have no guilt or shame in the matter.  I loved sucking cock, tasting
cum and.  sure as shit, I loved having a dick up my ass.  I also loved a
good screwing with a woman, if that means anything.

   On most summer Saturday mornings I would go the public swimming pool in
Sunset park, Brooklyn.  The pool officially opened at nine o'clock in the
morning, but I liked to get there around quarter to eight or so to practice
my swimming.  Believe me, it needed the practice.

   To get to the pool required a trek up a low-angled, rising path that was
at least a hundred feet long.  Once there, I would climb the low wooden
fence, remove my polo shirt and shorts, and swim.  I always wore my bathing
suit under my clothes; so, in no time I was splashing around, practicing
this, practicing that.

   On one particular Saturday, as I practiced floating, with my clothing
resting on a small concrete bench, I heard voices coming closer up the
path. Although I paid it little thought, some fear factor in me made me get
out of the water for a look-see.  A quick peek over the fence sent shivers
of fear through me.

   Four teen guys, rough and tough ones at that, were not more than thirty
feet from the fence.  I recognized the tallest of the bunch.  They called
him Spike, a nickname he received because he sometimes wore one of those
German Kaiser-like helmets with the large spike on top.  He was without his
usual helmet at the moment, but he still had the look of a Nazi maniac.

   I recognized the others, too, but their names, or nicknames, were
unknown to me.  These kids lived in a different neighborhood and attended a
different school, so my familiarity with them was limited.  All I knew
about them was they were rough, tough, and diehard juvenile delinquents.

   Fear prompted me to run to the bench, grab my clothes and head for the
fence on the other side of the pool, but I wasn't fast enough.  I wasn't
three feet away from the bench, clothes in hand, when I heard Spike yell,
"Hey, guys, lookee here!  It's The Duke's boy!  Hey, cutie, where do ya
think you're going?" I stopped in my tracks, trapped, but good.  Trouble
was brewing, for sure.

   Spike motioned for me to sit on the bench.  As I complied, he took a
standing position directly in front of me, towering over me.

   "You like swimmin,' punko?" Spike asked, nastiness in his voice.  I
nodded.

   "Lookee that, boys, he can't talk!  Probably from sucking Duke's big ol'
pecker!" His cronies guffawed in appreciation of this witticism.  "That it,
punk?" he said, "Sore throat from too much cocksucking?"

   "N-no." was all I could manage.

   "You mean," he said, "you don't get a sore throat from lotsa
cocksucking?" More guffaws from his attentive peanut gallery audience.

   "I mean . . .  " I started to say, but, Spike interrupted me.  "SHUT UP,
CUNT!  What YOU mean is unimportant; it's what I MEAN that counts.  Nod if
you get it, creepo!" He hadn't just said the words, he spat them.  Fear ran
rampant through me.  I resisted the urge to wipe off his spittle as I
somehow sensed it would further anger him.  I nodded.  He then grabbed my
hair and pulled my head back.

   "Now, shithead," he snarled out, "let's talk about cocksucking.  OK! 
You like to suck on a cock?" Before I could even muster up an answer, he
bobbed my head up and down in a 'yes' mode.  My scalp hurt something awful.


   "Good." he said.  "Then, you sure won't mind sucking a few more cocks on
this fine day, now would you?" Again, he force-nodded my head.  More pain
clobbered me.

   I felt like crying from the humiliation, but I fought it back.  I didn't
mind it if I sucked all their cocks, but there was something very sinister
and deadly about Spike.  I had the feeling this just might be the last day
of my life.  Poor kid, they'll say, he was found floating face down in the
community pool.  Tsk, tsk, poor schnook shoulda had someone with him!

   Still squeezing my hair rightly in his fist, Spike turned to his boys
and said, "This is the guy we heard about.  The one who took Robbie's place
as The Duke's sex slave.  Ain't that right, slave?" He looked me straight
in the eyes.  I nodded before he could yank on my head again.

   "And you suck Duke's cock anytime he wants.  Right?" I nodded again.  It
was the path of least resistance.  "And, old Duke fucks your ass, too. 
Right?" Again, I nodded.  This seemed to please Spike for he seemed gentler
somehow.

   He then said, "Stand up, sweet cheeks!" He still had my hair in his
grip.

   I stood, legs trembling.  Spike let go of my hair, reached down, and
started rolling my bathing suit down my legs.  He stopped to just above my
knees.  The bathing suit, wet and taut, seemed to bind my legs together as
if it were a wet, woolen rope.  Spike turned me around to face the bench
and told me to bend over.  I complied, my ass now fully exposed to all
their views.

   Spike reached out and squeezed my left ass cheek.  "It ain't virgin
ass-pussy no more, boys, but it sure is cute!" He then squeezed my right
ass cheek.  Then, using both hands, he spread both my cheeks apart.  "Say
it out loud, fucker, you want to suck all of our cocks and get fucked.  By
all of us!" I swallowed, audibly, and said, "I want to suck all your cocks
and get fucked by all of you." More guffaws.

   Spike said, "Turn around, pussy, and get on your knees." I complied,
feeling the wool rope tighten even further around my legs.

   "Tommy!" Spike said harshly.  "Go to the showers and bring back some
soap and water." Tommy rushed off in the direction of the community
showers. You could always find some used soap and a few paper cups in
there.

   Spike then shed his cut-off jeans.  Underneath, he had on a bright red,
tight-fitting bathing suit.  Standing in front of me, he pulled his trunks
down to just below his balls, which hung down, plump and very hairy.

   He moved closer, positioning his flaccid penis inches from my face. 
"Suck it, bitch!" he commanded as he leaned in and pressed the limp cock
into my lips.  When I hesitated, he again grabbed my hair, hard, and looked
me right in the face.  He said, "Look, pussy, I'll give you two choices,
'A' and 'B.' 'A', you swallow all our cocks and drain 'em, or 'B', you
swallow the pool and drain it.  Choose, fucko!" More guffaws from his gang.


   "'A' . . ." was all I could manage to say.  Then, holding my head with
two hands, he pulled my mouth even closer to his still flaccid cock.  It
bunched up, limply, against my mouth.  Resigned, I reached out and held the
base of his dick, lifting it up in an effort to straighten it out somewhat.
It was floppy and hard to control.

   "Suck it real good, sport!" Spike growled.  I opened my mouth and put it
on his prick.  It tasted salty and very sweaty.  I could also smell sweat
coming from his balls.  As his cock stiffened in my mouth, I felt the lack
of any discernible ridge around the head.  It was almost non-existent,
smooth to the point of almost completely blending in with the shaft.

   His penis, average in length and skinnier than most in width, was
certainly no showstopper.  I could easily have deep-throated him, but no
way, Jose!  When it was fully erect, I noticed it had an acute upward bend
and I could feel the tip hit the roof of my mouth.

   Spike said, "Now, go up and down on it!  Shit!  I know you can suck my
dick better than that!" I started going up and down, sucking him off.  I
only took half of his 6" into my mouth and this pissed him off.  "Fuck,
man, get all the way down on that thing!  Now!  Or it's pool time!"

   I felt it wise not to piss him off further so I took more of him in, to
a depth of about five inches.This seemed to placate him and he said, "Wow!
He can sure swallow cock, can't he?" The others agreed.  Someone said,
"Yeah!  He sucks like a champ!" I heard Tommy returning to the wolf pack.
He put the soap and two paper cups filled with water on the bench.

   "Tommy," Spike said, "go and be lookout.  Anyone comes along, holler."
Tommy went to his post, which would enable him to see completely down the
approach path.  No one could approach without his seeing them.

   "He sucks good!" Spike said above my head.  "He sure do!" someone else
said.  Another bozo said, "Wowee!  I can't wait until it's my turn."

   "And look!" said a voice.  "He likes it!  The fucker has a stiff-on!" It
was true, I was hard.  My dick had betrayed me.  It was a real turn on
being on my knees with Spike's cock in my mouth and knowing I was being
watched by the other guys.  A feeling of relaxed sluttiness was coming over
me.  I sucked in and out on Spike's unremarkable dick, trying to make it
feel better to my lips.  I also knew that if it pleased Spike, my chances
of living out the day would improve.

   "Oh yeah, he's Dukie's boy all right!" Spike said as he started to
slowly mouth fuck me, moving in and out, keeping time with my up and down
movements.  He was fully hard now, which wasn't saying too much, and his
cock would sometimes reach the back of my mouth.  This excited him.  He
kept trying to make me choke on his prick.  "Wow!  Look!  He's taking it
all!" he said, which wasn't quite true, but who cared?  I didn't.

   When he finally came, it was as unremarkable as his cock.  Two small
dribbles and old Spike was finished.  Of course, he carried on as if he was
unloading Niagara Falls!

   "Swallow all my jizm, boy," Spike said as he came.  "All of it!  Oohwee!
Holy shit!" Then he went flaccid in a heartbeat, pulled it from my mouth,
swiped it across my lips once, and yanked up his swimsuit.  Mr. 
Unremarkable was kaput.

   "I'm going for a cig, guys, so enjoy yourselves!  Spike said on his way
to where Tommy kept lookout.  Over his shoulder, Spike hollered back to us,
"Fuck his mouth good, guys!  And, then we'll give his ass-pussy a good
workout!"

   The second kid shed his jeans and pulled his swim trunks down.  He too
pushed them to a few inches below his balls.  This kid, however, was
already on the way to a full erection.  I noticed it was thicker than
Spike's as I took the bulbous head into my mouth.  When my hot mouth made
contact with his prick, his legs started wobbling.

   "Ooh, that feels great!" he said as I felt him quickly swell to his full
size.  Fully erect, he hit around seven inches with a nicely formed
fireman's-helmet type cockhead.  Still tasting Spike's sperm burning in the
back of my throat, I sucked this new prick with just a bit more of my
cocksucking skill showing.

   Then, he surprised me by pulling his cock completely out of my mouth.

   "Damn!" he said loudly, "Gotta piss!" He started to head toward the
men's room.  This gave Spike an idea.  "Piss in his cocksucking mouth,
Joey! Old Duke probably does!" Oh oh.  Joey turned back and approached me,
his limp cock in his hand.



   "Good idea, Spike!" he said.  "Open up fucker!" He held my chin with one
hand and rubbed his wobbly cockhead on my lips with the other.  What could
I do?  I opened my mouth and took his prick in.  He started pissing
Immediately.  As I gurgled and swallowed he said, "Oowee!  Lookit him
swallowing my piss!  The fucker loves it, Spike!" Oh oh.  I knew what else
was going to happen.

   One by one, Spike being the next after Joey, they pissed in my mouth. 
All four of them.  Spike, and two of the others, ended their pissing
session by pulling out prematurely and letting loose on my face, my hair,
and my body.  I was pissed in and pissed on.  The fucking dirty bitch is, I
had an erection!  And it didn't go unnoticed, either.

   "Fuck!  He's got a woody!  Look!"



   "Yeah, he must love the fuckin' taste!"

   "You love the taste, pissmouth?" Spike asked, pulling my head up and
forcing me to look directly at him.  "Answer me!" What could I do?  "Yes, I
love the taste." They all laughed.  Then the last guy stepped up and shoved
his prick into my mouth for his turn at the human urinal.  I swallowed his
piss as I had with the others.

   An amazing fact is I didn't feel even the least bit humiliated or
debased.  You only get those feelings in front of people whose opinions you
care about.  These guys, to me, were less than subhuman so I didn't give a
rat's tit what they thought.

   The kid I had started to blowjob stepped forward.

   "Now," he said.  "Where were we?  Oh, yeah, I remember, pissmouth, you
were going to suck my dick off!" Resigned, I took his soft cock into my
mouth and worked it to a hardened state.  As I sucked him, the smell of
piss was everywhere and the taste of it filled my mouth.  There was nothing
left for me to do now but suck him off and get it over with.

   And my fucking hardon was still there!

   The fear in me, lessened a little, but still hovered in the background.
This prevented me from taking him all the way in, but I did try to give him
a better blowjob.  And I used my tongue action a bit on the underside.  He
noticed.  "Keep doing that, it feels good." he said.  Then, in a louder
voice, he said, "He's swirling his tongue around my tool!" Yeahs and
guffaws came from somewhere behind me.

   I also alternated my lip pressure, but he didn't mention this, either
not noticing (how could he not?) or feeling too good to care.  I sucked him
heartily, my own hardon raging for a release I knew it would not soon get.
When he came, his load was sizeable.  Four hefty spurts and a few
last-second bubbling, copious dribbles.  I had given me a mouthful.

   I swallowed his sperm and he pulled out.  He then wiped the head of his
dick across my lips, as he had seen Spike do, and pulled his trunks up,
going to join Spike and Tommy, leaving me by myself with the third kid.

   I had noticed this kid playing with himself while I had been sucking kid
number two.  Now he was standing before me, trunks down, dick in hand.  He
massaged the sizeable head of his cock with a rubbing back and forth
motion. "Suck it!" he said.  "But put more feeling into it.  Understand?" I
nodded and took his prick by the base and placed my mouth on the head.

   His penis was long, around 7+" and it curved acutely downward.  It was
also very blunt headed, like a mushroom.  As I sucked it, I could hear
indistinct conversation and sporadic laughter coming from the lookout area.
I knew the others were watching me, but I didn't care.  Fuck them!  They
want a cocksucker; I'll give them one!  With that thought in my mind, I
reached out with my other hand and started caressing his nuts.  At my
touch, he jumped and moaned loudly.

   "Fuck!," he said.  "He's lovin' up my ballies!" I heard laughter from
the lookout post.

   When this kid came, his cock twitched violently and pulsed wildly.  He
spurted, hitting the back of my throat, and groaned, the only one of them
so far to do so.

   "Oooh, oooh!" he moaned, as he came some more.  "I'm gonna drown you,
you fucking cocksucker!" He was cumming a bucketful!

   I tried to swallow, but he had my head held fast and I couldn't back up
far enough.  As he twitched, spurted, and pulsated, my mouth filled to its
capacity.  Then, to overflowing.  I couldn't swallow, so I was forced to
open my mouth slightly around the spewing dick.  As I did, his cum dribbled
out onto my chin and down onto the cement deck.  And, still he spurted! 
And spurted even more.  It was totally unrealistic and unbelievable.  My
lips and my tongue felt very sticky and cum covered.

   Finally, he pulled back an inch or so and I was able to swallow.  My
mouth was so filled with his cum that my swallowing was distinctly audible.
I know I heard it.  He surely heard it.  In fact, judging from the renewed
guffaws from the lookout boys, even they had heard it.

   Fear came back as I wiped his cum from my chin with a hand.

   He said, almost yelling, "I couldn't drown the fucker, he loves it too
much!" More guffaws from the lookout.

   He pulled his prick out of my mouth and looked down at me.  "Kiss the
tip and thank it for giving you my sperm." I complied, and damned if he
didn't dribble a bit more.  Then he made me do it two more times.  "Thank
you for giving me your sperm." Then he put the "hose" away and joined Spike
and the gang.  I thought of The Duke and how he liked telling me to kiss
his peehole and say similar words.

   Tommy came over to where I was kneeling and, without a word or a waste
of time, had his trunks down and his cock in my mouth.  He had a sizeable
prick, too.  Over eight inches, very close to nine, with a thick, large
knobby head and large flanged ridge; it was impressive.  He could give any
woman the fucking of her life.

   My own cock, which had softened a bit, was now again stirring to its
full state of hardness.  Tommy's cock felt hard and swollen and fantastic
in my mouth.  It fit my mouth really well and I was enjoying it.  I not
only tongue-swirled it and lip-pressure-varied it, I threw all sense and
caution to the wind and deep-throated it!  Right down to his balls!  All
eight whatever inches!  Then I swooped back up to the head, worked on it a
bit, feverishly, and then swooped all the way down again, until his coarse
pubic hairs tickled my nose.

   As I repeated this a few times, Tommy flipped out.  "Holy shit, guys!"
Tommy said.  "Look at this!  He's taking every fucking inch of my ol'
biggie!  Every fucking last inch!"

   The gang came over and I had an audience!  I didn't give a rat's ass
anymore.  I worked his cock like a pro, giving the guys quite a show!  I
sucked and licked with complete abandon.  His cock was soppy wet from my
saliva and my mouth made audible sucking noises.  I worked his dick to a
fare-thee-well, licking, sucking, tonguing, and deep-throating him.

   "Take it all, cocksucker!" someone said.

   "Choke him, Tommy, choke him!" someone else said.  Spike said, "Oh,
yeah, he sure loves sucking dick!  Old Duke must be in Heaven!"

   Tommy tried to oblige choking me by taking my head in his hands and
pushing his huge dick all the way down my throat, sawing in and out
feverishly, my nose banging against his belly.  He mouth fucked me, in this
style, for a few more minutes before he spurted his love cream.

   As he was about to cum, he pulled his cock back leaving just the
blood-gorged head in my mouth.  The palm of my right hand felt his balls
rise up.  My lips felt the cockhead swell up and greatly expand as the
first hot spurt of his cum hit the back of my mouth.

   He pulled his cock out completely, still spurting, and moved it back and
forth over my lips and still open mouth.  I felt more cum being spewed,
some entering my mouth, some splattering on my lips, my chin, and in my
hair.  I felt his cum going into my nostrils and some wild flying blobs hit
my eyes.  Someone said, "Geez!"

   I swallowed, audibly again, as load after load bombarded my face and
mouth.  I was awash in his cum.  My face and my shoulders were covered by
it.  I had never seen a cock spew so much cum before.  The spurt pulsations
I felt at the base of his cock were numerous.  Twelve, fifteen?  Who knew?
I had lost count.

   "Geezez, Tommy," someone said, "where did you get all that spunk?" As
Tommy backed away from me to admire his handiwork, he laughed and said,
"Been saving it up for a cocksucker just like him."

   I took my polo shirt to wipe Tommy's "spunk" off my face, but Spike
stopped me.  "Don't waste good jizm, punk," he said, "especially since you
seem to love the taste!" He scooped up some "jizm" from my face with a
forefinger and placed the cum-laden finger in front of me.

   "Suck if off my finger!" Spike commanded.  The sperm, white and
glistening, was clumped up in a large blob on his first knuckle.  I leaned
forward and, taking his finger in my mouth, I cleaned the sperm off.  He
repeated this two more times.  Then he said, "Now, sweetie, I'm gonna give
your ass-pussy a workout!"

   He ordered me to bend over and put my hands flat on the bench.  I
complied, the bathing suit still binding my legs tightly together.  As I
stood there, ass at their disposal, I could taste their cum in my mouth
and, everytime I swallowed, I could feel that burning sensation cum leaves
in your throat.  And, damn, I still had a hardon that had a mind of its
own. One good point was I now no longer tasted the piss, only their cum.

   Spike used the soap and water to lube his cock and I soon felt his
smallish cockhead probing for entry into my young ass.  The soap lube
wasn't doing too great a job, however, so I yelled out in pain as he
penetrated me.  "Ow!  Ow!"

   Spike slapped my ass cheek hard and shouted, "Someone put a cock in his
mouth to shut him up!" Kid number two, the seven-incher guy, came around to
the other side of the bench and forced his cock, which was only semi-hard,
into my mouth.

   As I felt him stiffen up somewhat, Spike put a strong grip on my hips
and rammed his dick all the way into me.  My "Ow's" were now muffled around
the dick I had in my mouth.  Then, it stopped hurting.  So I started to
suck the dick I had in my mouth in earnest.

   Spike rammed brutally in and out of me, slamming into my ass cheeks, and
the cock in my mouth started moving in and out in unison.  One of them
said, "Hey!  Let's meet in the middle!" They then started timing their ins
and outs.  As Spike went into my ass, the guy in my mouth did likewise to
my mouth.  They had a rhythm going.  In a moment more, I felt Spike's hot
cum bathe my insides.  He let out a yell, his first, as he climaxed.

   "Oooowee, tight fucking ass-pussy!"

   Spike pulled out of me with a phloop-like sound and told one of them to
take his place.  In no time, another cock was rammed up my ass.  It was
Tommy.  My asshole, being lubricated with Spike's cum, suffered very little
pain as he entered.  Spike, acting as an observer now, said, "Oh, yeah, he
likes it!  Got another woody, he does!" I did.  And, I didn't care who knew
it.

   Tommy's eight inches was working its magic on my ass.  Lighting bolts
shot off in my head.  Goose bumps appeared all over my body, especially my
legs and ass area.  As Tommy worked me good, I felt him constantly hitting
my prostate.  Out of my control, my cock started twitching and then, beyond
my control, it started spewing cum.

   Someone said, "Holy shit, Tommy, you made him shoot!" Tommy laughed and,
spurred on by it, fucked me savagely.  It felt so fantastic; it was all I
could do to remember to suck on the cock in my mouth.

   Then, Tommy yelled and shot his cum fire into my rectum.  The heat was
terrific.  As he twitched behind me, the cock I was sucking started cumming
in my mouth.  I hadn't been sucking him all that well and it caught me
totally by surprise.  Plus, he hadn't seemed even fully hard.

   I started gagging on his cum as it splashed the back of my mouth and
trickled down my throat.  To get a hold of myself, I backed up a bit so
only his cockhead was in my mouth.  He came a bit more and I somehow
managed to swallow it without retching.  He told me to vacuum suck his dick
and I complied.  Once totally drained, he pulled his cock out of my mouth.
I swallowed and tasted him deep in my throat.

   As Tommy pulled out of my anus, I felt his cum dripping out and down my
legs.  Before I could think much too about it, the fourth guy was probing
my asshole with his hard dick.

   Then, Spike surprised me by getting around to my front and putting his
cock up to my mouth.  Shit!  He was hard again!  He must have been turned
on just from watching.

   The kid in my ass didn't last too long.  In minutes he was pouring hot
cum into me.  Spike was just getting going with his ins and outs when
someone said, "Hey!  Someone's coming!"

   He was right.  We could hear voices coming up the path.  "Oh, shit!" One
of them said.  The fourth guy quickly stuffed his prick into his bathing
suit.  Spike did likewise.  I followed suit, unrolling my bathing suit,
pulling it up.

   I took this opportunity of confusion to grab my shoe and clothes, run to
the fence, scramble over it, and sprint down the path, past the pool
attendant, his keys in hand, chatting with a family of four.

   I hollered "Good morning!" as I flew past them.  When I reached the
bottom of the path, I looked over my shoulder.  Spike and the gang were
nowhere to be seen.  They had chosen not to pursue me.

   I went home and jerked off that afternoon thinking about the scene I had
been part of, still tasting their cum burning in the back of my throat and
my ass still sore.

   My cock, which was hotter than a poker, soon filled the palm of my
unused hand with cum.  Much more than usual.  I gave it a look, lifted the
palm up to my face and let the warm cum slip into my mouth.  Then I licked
off the rest.  Yummy!

   I was so turned on I jerked off two times more that afternoon.  And, in
the middle of the night I woke up from a dream of a large cock in my mouth.
In the darkness I jerked and swallowed my cum again.  I went back to sleep
and in the morning I repeated the same scenario.

   I never went back to the pool again.  I stayed away from Spike's and the
gang's neighborhood, and was glad they all went to a different school.  Of
course, I never ever mentioned this to Duke.  Or anyone else for that
matter.  Until now, that is.

   End.  Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  4): Suck or Sink, Sucker!

   
