Becca Takes Her Hands Off The Wheel 
by ratios 

Part 1:

“I say we go to the Mexican place. I want some tacos,” announced Padita while staring at her phone, busily looking up potential restaurants near campus.


“What, Deeta, didn’t you get enough taco last night with that redhead? What was her name, Carly? Caroline? C-something?” Monique teased.


Calmly peering over the top of her phone screen, Deeta shot back, “Maybe if you spent less time paying attention to my sex life and more time focusing on your own, you’d have someone willing to eat your taco too, instead of having to use your fingers to mix your meat.”


Monique stuck her tongue out at Deeta while the rest of the study group sitting around Monique’s living room giggled.


Nicky spoke up next. “I’m not feeling Mexican. I want to go somewhere with fries.”


After thinking for a moment, Deeta offered, “Doesn’t that bar and grill on fourth have both? It’s a twenty minute walk, but, you know, whatever.”


As the self appointed leader of the small study group, Monique asserted herself. “Shall we put it to a vote? We’ve already got a yes from Deeta. I’m in as well. Nicky, sound good?”


“Sure.”


“Sass?”


Not looking up from her book, Sasha responded, “As long as we study for another half hour before we go, I’m fine with it.”


Rolling her eyes, Monique continued to the last member of the group. “Becca?”


The dreaded moment of decision making. I squirmed a little on my spot on the floor in front of the couch and dithered. “Whatever the group wants is fine.”


Monique snorted at my answer. “Way to have a backbone. Very assertive.”


It wasn’t the first time someone in the group had teased me for my lack of initiative. Of the other girls in the group, Nicky was my only long time friend; the other three young women, Monique, Sasha, and Padita, I had just met at the beginning of this, my first semester of college. I’m usually more of a wallflower, but the challenge of my coursework and Nicky’s constant urging had pulled me into this study group, made up loosely of a few young women that had at least a few classes together each. Since Monique’s parents were loaded, and thus she was the only one among us that actually had a rental house, the group usually met a few times per week at her place. Unfortunately, this also meant that I was often in her territory, and thus under her crosshairs for teasing.


Patting my head condescendingly, surely putting my well combed, shoulder length hair in disarray, Nicky chimed in, “Yeah, Bex here has always been kind of a doormat. I think she was born with a wet spaghetti noodle for a spine. It’s part of her charm, though: cute, quiet, and shy.”


Shrinking away from her rubbing hand, I tried to use my fingers to try to get my hair back in order. Now with two members of the group teasing me, I felt an unusual need to defend myself.


“I’m… It’s just… I don’t make a lot of decisions. It’s just not something I’m really used to, so I usually just don’t.”


The other quiet member of the group, self proclaimed one-day Doctor of Psychology, Sasha Byrnes (sometimes Sass to the group), sat down the highlighter she had been using on her textbook and gave me a clinical once-over.


“That’s an interesting mentality. Is there any particular reason you feel this way?”


Squirming even more now at the fact that all four of the other women in the room were now staring at me, I turned my attention to the books in my lap rather than making eye contact, and considered how to answer. Anything I could possibly say felt like it would just make me look like a giant dork. My parents had always drilled honesty and forthrightness into my head when I was a kid so, in the end, I decided to just bare my soul to the group.


“While I was growing up, my parents pretty much decided everything for me. My school, my extracurriculars, my clubs, my schedule, my clothes… If Nicky hadn’t lived two doors down from me, I don’t know if my parents would have even let me be friends with her. Even here, away for my first year of college, they picked my dorm, my major, my classes and I have to call them every week to report back and they’ll tell me what I should be doing to study or exercise or whatever... I just feel like, I dunno, I’ve been hands off the wheel for so long, it’s easier just to go with the flow and do whatever other people want me to do.”


Butting in, Monique taunted, “So, you just want to follow orders or something? If I told you to get up and do a little dance for us, would you do it?”


Blushing red, I hesitated only a moment before shrugging.


“Okay then, do it. Dance for us,” Monique challenged.


Glancing around at the group now all staring expectantly at me, I realized the situation I had put myself in. Hands shaking just a tiny bit, I sat my books aside before slowly standing. I couldn’t bring myself to look at anybody so I just focused on her feet and recalled a short dance I had seen on TikTok earlier in the day and did my best to mimic it. Having never tried such a thing before, I didn’t realize how much coordination the movements needed and my face went red when I immediately started flubbing steps, feeling like a clunky, awkward fool. The entire group was now openly laughing at my super cringy movements as I tried to finish out the last bit, which required me to twerk my butt at the group.



“Nice dancing skills, Bex! You really nailed it!,” Monique teased. “You should probably practice that twerking part a lot more though. Go ahead and drop that booty for us, girl. Get real low and shake that ass.”


Twerking was hard with my almost flat backside, but an order was an order so I nonetheless attempted to do what Monique had asked and shook my butt at the group more. My knee-length skirt was flopping around behind me and I felt a great deal of nervousness at the possibility that my provocative dancing might show off more than I intended. The other ladies of the study group were all commenting and snickering around me as I hung my head in shame and shook by butt. Then Monique decided to push me even harder.


“Hah! You are precious, Bex. You’re like a little puppet to play with.” A wicked grin spread across Monique’s face as she had an idea. “Tell you what… I like those socks you’re wearing; the little unicorns are totes adorbs. Why don’t you take them off and give them to me? I’d love to have them.”


I stood up straight to look at her in shock and the rest of the girls had stopped laughing at this point. A hush fell over the room as everyone stared at me, apparently waiting to see if I would really obey this new, ridiculous command. Feeling the pressure of the attention heaped upon me, I noticed a new feeling mingling with the apprehension and uncomfortableness: I was getting the tingles down below. Why the heck was I getting off on this?


After a few seconds of silence had passed, Nicky cautiously ventured, “Becca, maybe-,” but I had already made up my mind. Face glowing red, I plopped onto the floor again and leaned back against the couch to pull my socks off one by one. As I removed them, Deeta leaned in next to Monique and pointed in my direction, whispering something before both girls snickered. Nicky just turned away embarrassed at one point, but I didn’t blame her. Sasha being Sasha, there was no reaction from her end, just that detached air of interest that always made you feel like you were an interesting crumb under her microscope.


Once my socks were off, I was sitting with my knees pressed to my chest. After just a brief flash of hesitation, I balled them up and held them out towards Monique who came forward to claim them with a wide grin. Once she had them, she went over to the laundry chute in the adjacent hallway and popped them in. When the chute clanked shut, I realized I wouldn’t ever be wearing those socks again. At this point, Sasha spoke up again.


“Becca, I’m going to ask a wildly speculative question here. You can feel free not to answer if you don’t want to, but I suspect you will anyway: are you a virgin?”


Confused, the abrupt change in conversational direction threw me even further from my comfort zone and I was once again the center of attention. Feeling once again compelled to answer, I managed to croak out a “yes” that felt like lifting a boulder up a hill. Nodding as if she had gotten the answer that she suspected, Sasha kept pressing.


“And I’m guessing, with how controlling your parents have been, you have almost no experience with anything even remotely sexual, is that correct?”


Was it cold in the room? My skin felt ultra sensitive, like it was covered in goosebumps, and my nipples were getting harder than I could ever remember them being before. Hoping my knees covered my chest enough so that nobody would see, I could only nod in answer to this question.


“That would explain several things, such as why, perhaps subconsciously, you chose to sit in the position that you’re in with your legs pulled back and spread so far, and why your knickers have that telling little circle of wetness on the front of them. Tell us, Becca: are you turned on by your friends telling you what to do?”


Snapping my feet under myself so that I was sitting cross legged, I pulled my skirt to the floor and tucked it under myself to ensure I was covered. It felt like the blush that had been heating my face had crept from my head, down past my chest, and had taken up firm residence in my pelvic region.


Swallowing hard, and feeling the heat inside myself, I considered Sasha’s question. My first instinct was that I should probably feel outraged at the insinuation, but outrage had never been a trait instilled in me in my youth. Instead, I felt oddly obligated to just agree with whatever viewpoint the ladies around her might take on my behalf, whether that might leave me in an uncomfortable place or not. With the tingling I was feeling down below, I wasn’t even sure whether there wasn’t a grain of truth in her implication, anyway; not that that was something I wanted to learn about myself right now, much less make known to my only friends in the world.


Feeling the urging of the curious eyes around me, I meekly whispered, “Yes.”


Leaning in, Sasha turned her ear towards me and asked, “Can you speak up? I couldn’t quite hear you. Can you confirm whether you are becoming sexually aroused by being told what to do by people that you trust?”


Monique was silently chuckling and Nicky had a look of confusion on her face. Deeta seemed to have caught my blush but was staring at me with a hungry look. Attempting and failing to clear the lump in my throat, I repeated my “yes” louder, but it sounded more like a squeak to me than anything.


Shoving her way past Sasha, Deeta crouched down in front of me, loudly announcing, “My turn next!” At that point, I knew I had put myself on a ride but I had no idea where it went.


Winking at me, Deeta leaned in and whispered just to me, “You’ll be fine, we’re all friends here. Just let yourself go and you’ll have a lot of fun, I promise.”


The warm smile on her face seemed genuine and I appreciated the assurance. Some of the tightness that I hadn’t even noticed was gathering in my chest seemed to loosen a tiny bit and I gave her a small nod of thanks in response.


Speaking louder once again, Deeta flipped my world upside down once again.


“I liked how you were sitting before. Go on and spread those legs again, and don’t worry about your dress so much.”


The fires in my belly that had just started to dwindle instead stoked higher than I ever remembered feeling. Had I just asked for this? Feeling like it was too late to argue now, I picked a particularly bland patch of carpet to stare at and extracted my feet out from under my butt, pulling my knees up against my chest once again.


“That’s not quite right though, is it, Bex. You were more like this before.” Sasha reached down and pushed my knees further apart before grabbing the hem of my skirt, lifting it quickly up over my legs. The light brush of her fingers on my skin felt like it was leaving behind an electric charge and I felt myself twitching in response, but I dutifully held myself from adjusting my position as she moved me.


Though I was sure my skirt had only risen only a few fingers above my hip level previously, Sasha chose to pull it all the way up over my knees, making sure that the excess pooled out to my sides rather than falling between my legs. Looking down, I could see that my panties were now on full display. Surprisingly, there was a large damp patch on the front that was plainly visible. I was sure that if I blushed any redder I would turn myself into a tomato.


Stifling a giggle, Monique leaned down and grabbed the waistband of my underwear, pulling it up to stretch the fabric tight, essentially giving me a front wedgie. “Oh my god, your undies have little unicorns on them too! You are too precious!”


In addition to stretching my panties tight, it also pulled them up against the puffy lips of my sex and a small moan escaped my lips. All the ladies giggled at this and I promptly bit my lip to stop myself from making further lewd noises.


Gently pushing Deeta aside, Sasha stood in front of me once again, this time holding her phone up. “This is an interesting impromptu experiment we have going on here. I should document this in case it turns into something I can use in a paper someday.”


Before I understood what was going on, several clicks from her phone indicated that she had taken a number of photos of my barely covered crotch and blushing face. Despite my bitten lip, I moaned again. I had been previously restraining myself from the urge to push my legs together but now realized it might just take industrial equipment to force me to close them again.


Capitalizing on the opportunity, Monique also whipped out her phone and took several photos, prompting, “Give us a smile, love. Spread those legs a bit wider.”


Knowing how the pictures she was taking would look, I nonetheless obeyed her command, planting my feet flat on the floor almost to the sides and stretching my knees as wide as they would go before looking up at Monique with the biggest smile I could muster.


Once Monique was done walking back and forth snapping pictures, she gave me a sly look and goaded, “Seeing as how you already gifted me your cute unicorn socks, I’ve half a mind to ask you for the matching undies. Do you think I should?”


Standing behind Monique, Nicky saw my hesitation and gave me a WTF look. When I continued to freeze, Nicky firmly shook her head and spread her arms in front of her as if implying, “now your turn,” so I turned back to Monique, swallowed hard, and meekly replied, “Um… No?”


The look that came over Monique’s face indicated that my answer surprised her and she clicked her tongue while regarding me curiously.


“So… You may have a tiny bit of spine in you after all.” Noticing Nicky’s relieved look behind her, Monique added, “Or maybe you just borrowed it. Either way, it’s fine; you can keep your little girl undies… for now.”


The addition of ‘for now’ was not lost on me, and I doubt that anybody in the room could have missed the fact that the wet spot on the front of my exposed panties was steadily growing into a longer line matching the split of the well-defined cameltoe there. I wanted to reach down and unplug my panties from my crack, or put my legs together and salvage the tatters of my dignity, or leave, or anything else. I hadn’t been ordered to do any of those things, however, so I instead sat there on display and dripped into my undies. I had to admit to myself, part of me wanted that outcome as well.


This was apparently enough for Nicky and she spoke up on my behalf, bless her heart.


“Okay, ladies, this game has gone far enough. Let’s let Becca cover herself and get back to studying.”


Pouting, Monique countered, “But I’m still having fun and, from the looks of that grool stain, Becca wants to keep going too. You will let us keep playing with you, won’t you, Bex?”


Interpreting the question as an order, I once again did what I thought was expected of me and nodded in acceptance.


Inserting herself into the disagreement, Sasha offered a potential compromise. “Nicky, we understand your concern for your friend’s wellbeing. Monique, I understand your desire to have fun and explore Becca’s newly revealed interests. How about we give Becca a chance to ease into things for a little while and then make a decision on how far we want to take this based on her response?”


The fact that Sasha’s proposition was directed entirely to the other two women standing over me, and not at all towards me, the living person they were arguing over, caused the heat in my belly to burn even brighter than had before. It felt like my heart was trying to hammer its way out of my chest and I was sure my panties were going to get so soaked that I was going to leave a puddle on the floor. As the rest of the group discussed how I would be treated in the near future, I closed her eyes and let the feeling of being out of control was over me.


Lost in myself as I was, I must have started moving my hips, but I didn’t realize it until Monique clapped and happily announced, “Look at her down there, humping the floor with her skirt pulled up and her unicorn undies soaking through. What more do we need to discuss? It’s obvious that she wants this.”


This declaration snapped me back out of my reverie and seemed to solve the conversation for the other women. Shaking her head and smiling down at me as if seeing me for the first time, Nicky conceded, “I guess that’s that, then. Bex, I won’t stop you from having your fun, even if I don’t understand where this is all coming from.”


Sidling up beside Nicky, Monique put a hand on her shoulder and cooed, “That’s the spirit. You know it’s your turn, though, right? What are you going to have our playmate do next?”


I stared up at the smile widening on the face of my oldest friend as she considered her options, consciously or otherwise allowing herself to be fully bought in to Monique’s vision of my future, and found myself dripping and ready in anticipation of her command.


Part 2:


“You know,” Nicky said thoughtfully, “I’ve been telling Becca for years now that she could probably get someone to ask her out if she just put herself out there a little bit more.” To accentuate her words, she ran a finger slowly down from the vee formed by the top of my breasts over my shirt until she got to my belly and then pulled away. Part of me wished she had let her finger drift a little lower. Another part of me was disgusted with that first part.


“Bex, what do you have on under this bulky top?”


The top in question was one of my favorites; leaf green, long sleeved, a little large for me to hide my shape, and with some ribbony frills on the front and sleeves. Definitely not high fashion, but to me it felt fancy.


“Uh, nothing.”


Peering closer, Nicky grabbed one of my bra straps through my shirt and lifted it up a tiny bit to snap me with it, challenging, “Nothing?”


“Oh, yeah, I mean nothing but my bra.”


“Okay then, let’s see how into this you are if you lose a bit more clothing. I want your top.”


In a singsong voice, Deeta called out, “I want to seeee the C-eeees!”


This outburst was enough to draw attention away from me as everyone turned to stare at Deeta. Now the focus of the group, she cringed a bit and asked, “What, dontcha get it? … See her C-cups?”


The group just blinked at her. Monique snorted.


Rolling her eyes, Deeta threw her hands up. “Just take off the stupid shirt. Jeez. Buncha Philistines up in here.”


As attention started returning to me, I had already stood and had my shirt half lifted. As bulky as it was, it was a bit of a struggle to get it up over my chest and head. While I was busy extracting myself from it, I heard Monique call out, “Nice nipple, Bex. Looks like a little pencil eraser sitting on a penny.”


The group giggled at this again and I heaved the shirt the rest of the way over my head, tossing it to the floor, leaving my hair in frazzled disarray. Not caring about that any longer, I quickly adjusted my bra and stood primly, arms crossed across my chest which was now rosy with embarrassment.


Repeating her action from before, Nicky smiled at me and ran her finger down the middle of my chest and the arms that now guarded it. “Much better, Bex. I bet you’d get a lot of dates if you went out like this more often.”


I never intended to go out like this in the first place, let alone ever again, but that was irrelevant at this point. To the side, Monique had bent down to pick up my shirt and, out of the corner of my eye, I watched her go drop it down the laundry chute to follow my socks. I was rapidly losing clothing to wear home and I desperately wanted to touch myself about it.


Deeta spoke up again, pointing out, “You stood up though, Bex. You weren’t told to do that. Now you have to pay me a forfeit for disobeying me.”


That wasn’t the rules! Wait… Were there rules? I had no precedent for what was going on here so I had no grounds on which to raise a sensical objection. Instead, I did what I usually did and just stood there and let what was going to happen happen.


With an exaggerated sway of her hips, Deeta approached me and put her hands on my waist. Her face was now just inches from mine and I could feel the tips of her fabric covered breasts caressing my bra. Thinking she was going to kiss me, my breath caught in my throat and it felt like my heart stopped beating. I didn’t know whether I wanted her to or not. I did know that I wasn’t going to stop her either way.


“Your forfeit for covering those sexy legs is… Losing your cover!”


Sexy legs? I had never been called sexy before in my life… but it felt surprisingly good. My brief moment of inflated ego at the statement was diverted, however, when her hands began running around my waist with her thumbs tucked under the top of my skirt. I fully expected her to unzip my bottom covering and take it away from me, and I tensed my body to keep myself from fleeing if she did so, but the action she took instead confused me.


Pushing the waistline inward, she rolled the wide top of the skirt in on itself, then did it again, and again. After ten or so turns, it looked like I was wearing a thick roll of fabric for a belt, but now my once conservative gray knit skirt had lost over half of its length! In its modified state, the hem only rested a few scant inches below my butt and I could feel tantalizing airflow directly on my thighs. It now looked like I was wearing a miniskirt, or at least the shortest skirt that I had ever worn in my life. There was no way my parents would have ever let me wear anything like this at home.


Looking satisfied with my work, Deeta ran a hand up and down the exposed part of my right thigh for a moment, causing me to shiver at her touch, before giving me a smack up under the skirt directly on my panty covered butt. I gave another involuntary moan and Deeta and Monique giggled at this before Deeta gave her next order.


“Now you’re looking like hot stuff, Bex. Why don’t you take this new ‘fit for a whirl? Do a lap around the room for us, and don’t forget to strut like you’re a model on a runway.”


Arms still crossed over my chest, and worried about how prone my tiny new skirt might be to exposing me, I began to timidly walk to the edge of the room before Sasha called me back.


“Becca, how are you feeling?”


“Embarrassed… and a little cold, maybe.”


Lifting the front of my skirt only a few inches, she made it painfully obvious just how easy it was for me to flash in my current state as she purposefully displayed the now soaked front of my underwear to the group. “But still aroused and excited, right?”


Looking away from everyone, I quickly nodded my head.


“So, you want to continue with this experiment?”


I wondered if she phrased it that way on purpose, as more of an order than a question. Either way, it made it much easier for me to accept.


“I guess, yeah…”


With a rare display of emotion, Sasha patted me on the shoulder and praised me, “Good girl.” For some reason, the words hit me like a static discharge to my damp nethers and I found myself subtly shifting my hips back and forth to grind my thighs together in an attempt to better act on the feeling.


“I’m sure the group will be happy to continue obliging your fantasies,” she added, making it seem like they were doing me a favor… And maybe they were? “But, since you agree that you’re having fun right now, let’s agree on a new rule. No more covering up or hiding, okay? If you’re going to embrace your nature, go ahead and embrace it. Do your best to enjoy the experience instead of constantly worrying. It will be better for you in the long run.”


‘Better for me’ how, I wondered, but I didn’t argue. My breath having gone ragged, I tentatively dropped my arms to my sides and faced the other women. Raising her phone, Sasha gave me a polite smile while I did my best to return and I heard several more clicks as she continued to document my shame.


Never one to miss an opportunity, Monique bounded up with her own phone out and took a few photos as well before giving me a wink. Turning to Sasha, Monique asked, “If you’re thinking about using this data in a paper or something someday, would a recording of Bex giving her consent for you to use her like this be helpful?”


Sasha considered this for a moment and replied, “Yes, that would probably be a good thing to have. Let me think on what that needs to look like and I’ll get back to you.”


The thought of more permanent records of this gave me more tingles and it now felt like I had spilled a spoonful of olive oil between my thighs. When Monique and Sasha both backed off, Deeta shouted, “Get marching, soldier!”


Focusing on putting one foot in front of the other, I resumed my task of circling the room for Deeta. “Walk sexier!,” she called out and I tried to figure out how to do so on the fly. After a few paces of some super exaggerated hip swaying and weird stepping, I must have gotten into the proper swing of things as the ladies started whistling and catcalling me.


“Yeah, baby!” “Shake it, Bex!” “Hot stuff, coming through.”


By the end of the first full round, they had me believing. Nobody told me to stop walking, so I started around again. The compliments were almost enough to make me forget that I was prancing around barefoot, in just a bra and miniskirt. Everyone but Sasha now had their phones out and during my second lap they started to call out directions.


“Stop and give us an over the shoulder look. That’s perfect, we should make you a Tinder profile with this pic.” Of course Nicky was still trying to play matchmaker for me.


Deeta followed me for a bit, switching between direct, behind, and low angle shots. “Look sultry. Haha, not constipated, sultry. Like, pouty and sexy. Eh, close enough.”


“Put your hands on the wall for a minute. Yeah, now stick your butt out and give us a little shake like when you were twerking. Perfect.” Crouched behind me, I was sure the view Monique was getting for this shot was borderline obscene, but I was walking on air and didn’t care. Everyone in the room was having a good time. Even Sasha seemed to be enjoying my impromptu modeling session.


Suggestions were constantly being thrown at me. I did my best to accommodate, but so many things were being shouted that I could only hear half of them and only had time to do a few of the things they asked before someone else suggested another pose or look and everything previous was forgotten. I must have done ten rounds of the room before Deeta finally gave me a high five and a hug, signaling the end.


“Damn, Bex. You’re sweaty. We should take you out back and hose you down!”


Sweaty I was, but I hoped Deeta was joking about the hose. Strutting and posing was more effort than I had expected and, even scantily clad as I was, I was feeling the heat, but feeling good nonetheless.


It was at this point that Sasha called me over to the table where she was sitting and had me take a seat on one of the chairs there that had been turned outwards to face her.


“Here,” she stated, handing me a piece of paper with several lines of text on it in her neat handwriting, “Read through this a few times and then we can record it.”


Looking at what she had written, I gulped and asked Sasha, “Uh, is it really necessary to say this for everybody? Doesn’t it really only need to be you if it’s for a paper or something?”


“We’re all part of this experiment and anyone here might end up being eligible for co-authorship, even you. Besides, any of the photos, videos, or insights we’re gathering could turn into data points, so it’s best that we just include everything up front.”


Nodding as if I understood and accepted it, even though I wasn’t sure about either, I gulped and read the paper a few more times until I was sure I had memorized the few lines on it. Eventually, I looked up from the paper and found Sasha still watching me.


“Ready,” she asked, raising her phone and eyebrow in unison.


No, I told myself. “Yes,” I told Sasha.


Holding her thumb up, the light on her phone came on and I forced myself to start speaking.


“My name is Rebecca Alice Hall. I am a nineteen year old first year student at Mackinaw University. I consent to Sasha Langley, Monique Bonnaire, Nicole Garret, and Padita Bandi taking photographic and video records of me and hereby release the rights for all generated content solely to their ownership to be used at their discretion. I also consent to-” I gulped here, “-to them giving me suggestions and orders that will likely lead to my embarrassment and subsequent sexual arousal with the full knowledge that any following of said commands on my part is entirely voluntary. I agree to do my best to answer all questions about these activities with forthrightness and honesty.”


The camera light finally flicked off.


“Good girl; thank you for that,” Sasha praised.


Good girl. There was that term again. I felt wetness between my legs on the wooden chair beneath me and became suddenly afraid that my arousal juices would leave a stain on Monique’s living room furniture. Scooting my butt forward on the seat, I dragged the fabric of my skirt over the damp patch in an attempt to wipe up whatever fluids I had leaked. Hopefully, there wouldn’t be a telling wet stain on my only remaining outer garment.


While this was happening, Monique came over and put a hand on my shoulder. “It’s official now, Bex: you’re the group’s guinea pig. Isn’t that exciting? Doncha just want to cream yourself at the thought?”


If only she knew.


Fiddling with her phone, Sasha looked up and I heard a chorus of buzzes and text tones around the room. “I have created a group for all of us on the University message boards and posted the video there. Please share any media you have collected with the group in this location going forward.”


Grabbing my phone from my bag, I pulled up Sasha’s link, logging into the school message board to find a thumbnail of myself staring back at me. Clicking the play button, I heard my soft words coming from the tiny speakers and wondered how I had ever convinced myself to say them.


Then, looking closer at the small video, I leaned in until my nose was almost touching the phone screen, staring at the tiny triangle of cotton peeking back at me. Rushed as the production had been, I had apparently just sat down as I normally did with my legs crossed. Normally, however, I didn’t have a miniskirt on that barely covered my hips, much less my crotch. Staring back at me in all their glory as I promised to be an obedient little lab rat, my bright white unicorn panties teased me with their contrasting presence against the rest of the fairly dark video.


The video that I didn’t own and had given up all rights to. The video that was now on the internet… Was this message board group private? Could anybody else see it?


The dozens of very important questions causing chaos in my brain were interrupted, however, when Nicky loudly asked, “Hey, weren’t we talking about going out to eat in half an hour? That was forty five minutes ago. I’m getting hangry.”


“We were talking about walking to Duke’s, weren’t we?,” Deeta asked the group. “I’m still down for that plan.”


A round of affirmations from everyone but me seemed to set the group in motion. Phones were tucked in pockets, purses were packed, and shoes were shod. Meanwhile, I was stuck standing around wondering when I was going to be given my clothes back. It wasn’t until the other four made their way towards the door and Deeta called back, “Bex, you coming?,” that I finally spoke up.


“Umm, Monique? Can I have my shirt and socks back?”


“Haha, silly… Nope! You gave those up of your own volition and they’re mine now,” Monique replied, looking smug.


Nicky, my best friend, my protector, my confidant, was openly snickering at my predicament. “I saw this coming Becca. How did you not?”


My mouth just flapped open and closed a few times as I considered this.


Grabbing my hand, Deeta pulled me towards the door. “C’mon, girl. Your sweaty bod needs a nice cooldown and it’s a lovely evening out there. We’re going to a sports bar; it’s not like you’re going to be the least dressed one there anyway.”


Looking down at my swelling cleavage and barely covered thighs, I wondered if she could possibly be correct about that. Nonetheless, I allowed myself to be led towards the great outdoors in less clothing than I had ever worn in public before, but still begged, “Can I at least get my purse and shoes?”


Giggling, Monique chimed in, “Don’t worry, Bex. We’ll cover you.” Winking, she added, “For food, I mean. The rest of you, I wouldn’t count on it.”


Monique was first out the door, followed by Sasha, and then Deeta and myself. Lagging behind, Nicky caught up a moment later and held up my driver’s license which she must have grabbed out of my bag.


“In case they want ID,” she shrugged. Noticing that I didn’t have any pockets, she thought for a second and then slid the card into my right bra cup. Feeling the cold plastic against my skin, I realized that my nipples were harder than they had been in a long time and had to bite my lip. I usually rarely touched myself, but I was so pent up at that moment that I would have definitely made an exception, given the opportunity.


Recovering from my distraction, I saw that the group had started walking off down the sidewalk and had no choice except to hustle after them, my mind whirling at what a walk through the busiest part of our college town would be like dressed, or rather undressed as I was. Whether I wanted to or not, I was about to find out. Then, thinking about our destination, another thought struck me: I hoped that the bar we were going to didn’t have a “No shirt, no shoes, no service” policy, as I was fresh out of both.


