Becca's New Experience
byWhO2©

Becca's New Experience Pt. 01

Becca had been in the closet for over an hour. She had experienced more in that time than in any other year of her short life. Her head swirled with new concepts, questions, feelings, and uncertainties. But most of all, there was a new feeling deep inside her that would not go away.

She looked out the small opening at Jenn and DJ. They were still naked; uncovered for her curios eyes to explore. She studied the differences in their bodies, noticing appealing aspects of each, wondered how they interacted and what each of them must have felt when they were together. She looked at DJ's manliness, but it was not nearly as impressive as it had been when he was with her sister. She wandered what would it be like to touch it or to taste it like Jenn had? Were they all the same, or were there differences unique to each one? Would she enjoy having it inside her the way Jenn had, or would she hate it the way her friends talked about?

Becca had woken that morning so much closer to innocence, with no concern bigger that what her teachers would be like when school started or what she should wear when she went out with the other drill team officers that evening. But now her life was more complicated - she had more questions than answers, and that was a new and uncomfortable experience for her.

She looked one last time towards the bed and its occupants. Some time had passed since they had moved, and their breathing was now very regular. Becca held the blue miniskirt tight against her chest and pushed the closet door open. As quietly as humanly possible, she tiptoed out of the room. Neither figure stirred as she open the bedroom door or closed it behind her when she entered the hall. She took her first really deep breath in well over an hour, and with her mind and her heart racing, she headed for the security of her own bedroom.

* * *

Becca quietly closed her bedroom door behind her and locked it. Jenn and DJ were asleep, but she didn't want to wake them - she needed a few minutes of uninterrupted peace and quiet so she could think about everything she had seen and felt over the last hour. She turned on her stereo, cleared a spot on the disaster that had once been her bed, and climbed in.

The images in her mind were still so fresh and vivid that she couldn't block them out. She wasn't even sure that she wanted to. Closing her eyes, she pictured DJ naked with his erection standing out from between his legs. She could see the dark redness of the head and the curly blackness of the hair around it; and then it disappeared. First it slid silently into Jenn's mouth and then reappeared glistening with her saliva, and then it went deep into her body and caused both exquisite pleasure and pain. Next, she pictured the look on Jenn's face as DJ's erection moved in and out of her and then the tension in her legs as he kissed between them. And finally, she remembered the tingling between her own legs as she watched them and as she touched herself. It seemed to get more real the longer she remembered them together.

All of these thoughts raced in and out of her consciousness both intriguing and teasing her. She wasn't sure if it was right or wrong, but she enjoyed the way the images made her feel. The more she fantasized about them, the more real her own tingling began to feel. She decided that, right or wrong, she had to give in to those feelings. She felt a smile spread across her face as any remnants of guilt left her, and a warm feeling spread through her body instead. She concentrated on that new feeling, trying to determine exactly where it came from and what caused it. As she became more aware of her own body and how it could feel, she finally determined what was causing this new sensation in her - while fantasizing about Jenn and DJ, her hand, seemingly of its own free will, had again found the sensitive spot between her legs.

Aware of what she was doing, Becca pulled her hand away from the source of pleasure. She had heard stories in church about what happened to people who pleasured themselves, and when she was younger she knew a girl who thought she was going to go blind because she had done it. But as the tingling stopped, it left an unfulfilled craving inside her. More than any other thing in the world, at that moment she had to try to relieve that yearning. For the first time, she knowingly placed her hand on the very lowest part of her stomach. Slowly, she ran her finger over the smooth silkiness of her panties. Everything she touched with that hand seemed to come alive with exquisite sensation. The smallest detail of her body now had magnificent proportions. She noticed the warmth of her soft skin beneath the silky material, and as she made her way lower, the slight coarseness of her pubic hair. Next, she felt a slight rise, and a little further on there was a separation as the skin made two distinct ridges. As she traveled between these ridges, the pleasure became more intense. And as the ridge turned downward and went between her legs, there was a spot of such intense pleasure that she allowed her touch to linger there for a moment. When she continued her journey of exploration, she noticed how wet her panties became the further she reached between her legs, just as they had in the closet earlier.

Becca withdrew her hand, and as she took a few deep breaths, she again felt the craving deep within her. She thought about the look of fulfillment that Jenn and DJ wore as they slept after their encounter. And then she thought about the inconceivable pleasure that the touch of her own finger between her legs had caused. She decided that if there were anything she could do about it, she would never again endure this feeling of hunger.

She got up from the bed and double-checked to make sure the door was locked. Then she went to her mirror. While studying her own image in it, she reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra. She let it fall to the floor, and then grasped the elastic of her panties. She pushed them down past the curve of her hips where they were free to fall to the ground. Becca stood there for a moment studying her body, and for once she did not compare it to Jenn's. She was taller than her sister, and her legs were longer and not quite as muscular. The hair between her legs was a sandy blonde color instead of black like her sister's and was triangular shaped instead of trimmed into a thin mohawk. And her breasts were globe-shaped like Jenn's but larger and fuller, and capped with lighter-colored nipples. For the first time ever, Becca liked what she saw. She headed back to the bed, made herself comfortable, and continued the journey she had begun earlier.

Her right hand went immediately to the area that had caused such intense pleasure moments before. She laid her hand over the soft hair with her middle finger resting between the two folds of skin. As she moved it down and then back up again she gasped from the intense pleasure this gave her. Again and again she continued the movement, and each time she did so the pleasure was so intense that she could hardly breath. She felt her hips begin to move involuntarily, and she opened her legs wider so that she could reach new areas. She moved her finger beyond the last soft hair until she felt the opening to her womanhood bathed in her own sexual juices. She caressed the area protecting the opening, each time applying more pressure. Finally, the combination of pressure and moistness overcame nervousness and the tip of her finger slid inside her.

At first Becca was scared, partly because she had always been told this was wrong, and partly because it felt so good. The opening was so tight that she could barely move her finger, and for a moment she flashed back to DJ. His erection was so much larger than her finger and yet it had slid so effortlessly into Jenn. But there was no pain - this was by far the most intense pleasure Becca had ever experienced. She pushed her finger in a little more, then withdrew it slightly, and then pushed in again. This time it went in a little deeper a little easier, and the enjoyment was even more intense. Would something large, like DJ's manhood, feel even better than this? She continued to move her finger in and out and was eventually able to get its entire length inside her very wet womanhood. At this point it was hard to imagine anything feeling any better.

Becca pulled her knees up and spread her legs even wider. Every little bit she was able to open them allowed her easier access to the spot inside her that caused the unbelievable pleasure. She remembered how Jenn reacted when DJ increased the speed with which he moved inside of her. Becca was getting much more comfortable with her little experiment and decided to see if it worked for her. She moved her finger in and out a little faster, and when that intensified the pleasure, she upped the tempo yet again. The tingling sensation she experienced earlier when she first touched herself was spreading throughout the middle portion or her body. Her hips were gyrating, matching the rhythm with which her finger stimulated her, and she learned to match the two motions: every time her hips thrust forward, opening her to the greatest penetration, her finger dove deepest inside her.

A hot, exciting sensation began to mingle with the tingling that Becca had been feeling for the last few minutes. It started where her finger entered her and slowly spread in all directions. Every time she thought nothing could feel better, a new sensation, more satisfying than the last, would present itself. Her body became tense, and as she felt waves of euphoria rushing through her, she trust her finger in one last time as deep as it would go. As she held it there, wave after wave of pure ecstasy raced to every inch of her body, and it became difficult for her to breathe. Finally, after the pleasure had touched every last inch of her body, it came once again to the place it had started - in the wetness between her legs. One last extraordinary crescendo lifted her hips off the bed where they hovered until the great release drained her body of all energy. She collapsed on the bed too exhausted to do anything other than catch her breath, the worries that had bothered her minutes before, mysteriously gone.


Becca's New Experience Pt. 02

Becca woke from her first-ever orgasm-induced nap refreshed and ready for her night out with the other drill team captains. She had an amazing day so far - learning she was a captain, then watching her sister get fucked while trapped in her closet, and then learning how amazing her own finger felt inside her. As she put on her most revealing ensemble, her head was swirling with sexy images of her sister Jenn, and her boyfriend DJ, unknowingly teaching her about the joys of sex and the warm glow of her first-ever orgasm. She desperately wanted to crawl back in bed and try another round of exploring between her legs, but she also needed to fulfill her duties as drill team captain. And if she got the chance, she wanted to ask her more-experienced best friend, Joni, some very intimate questions.

When she heard the honking in the front yard she ran down the steps and was almost out the front door when Jenn walked out of the kitchen dressed in only panties and a t-shirt.

"Hey, that's my skirt!" She yelled as her little sis approached her.

"Yeah, I know," Becca said as she stopped to give her big sister an unprecedented sisterly hug. She wanted to thank her for teaching her about the pleasure of sex and how she and DJ taught her how to have an orgasm. But instead she just smiled and said, "Tell DJ I said 'hi'".

Jenn had just woken up from very relaxing nap after a very satisfying fucking from her boyfriend DJ. She wanted to be mad at her bratty little sister for borrowing her clothes, but she was just too relaxed and too physically satisfied to work up a good mad-on.

"How did she know DJ's here..." she thought as she headed back up the stairs.

* * * * * * * * * *

"Hey Sweetie!" Joni said as Becca got in the back seat next to her. She gave her best friend a peck on the cheek. "Congratulations on being a CAPTAIN!" she squealed as she also gave her a huge hug.

"Thank you!" Becca answered returning the hug with equal enthusiasm. "We are going to have the best year EVER! "

The rest of the drive to the restaurant was non-stop laughing, stories about summer, talk about next year's classes, and ideas on how to indoctrinate this year's underclassmen into their 'prestigious' group. Dinner was more of the same, with Ms. Nielsen, their young, hot drill team sponsor, trying to convince them that they were leaders of the school whose every move would be watched, judged, and used against them whenever possible. But like every group of officers in every year before them, they could not think beyond the date of the first meeting where they would be introduced to the rest of the girls as the leadership team and then have their officer-only sleep over. They picked the following Friday then headed home for the last week of the summer where they would be free from hours of practice that would prepare the team for football season.

It was late when Ms. Nielsen dropped Joni and Becca back off at Becca's house. Her parents were on vacation so the house was dark, and there was no sign of Jenn or DJ anywhere. They snuck up the stairs to Becca's room and closed the door. Becca found a couple of t-shirts they could sleep in, and as they changed she couldn't help but sneak a look at Joni she while stripped out of her skirt and top and slid the t-shirt on over her bare boobs. She was nervous as she noticed her nest friend's almost-naked body and anxiously jumped into the topic she wanted to talk to Joni about.

"Today I was in Jenn's room looking for something to wear, and I heard her come up the stairs before I could get out. I hid in her closet, and then DJ comes in with her. Jenn went to take a shower but he stayed in her room. Since I was wearing only my underwear I couldn't come out and face him so I was stuck in there."

"How did you get out?" Joni asked.

"I didn't. After they both had showers, they..." She paused thinking of the best way to tell her best friend what she saw, "...had SEX!"

"NICE!" Joni exclaimed looking at her best friend for signs of how it impacted her. "So I guess you watched?"

"Yeah, I couldn't take my eyes off of them!" Becca replied remembering their naked bodies intertwining as they gave each other immense pleasure.

"So what did they do?" Joni asked with a mischievous grin. She knew Becca was one of the few virgins on the drill team, and she was curious how she would describe what she saw.

"Jenn took his thing in her mouth."

"Thing?" Joni asked. "You mean his 'dick'? You're not in junior high anymore, Bex, so you're going to have to start using your big-girl words. So she gave him a blow job?"

"Yeah, she did that," Becca responded, sheepishly.

"Say it," Joni replied with a little more aggressiveness. "Say 'she sucked his dick'".

"Ok, 'she sucked his dick'" Becca responded trying to form the new-to-her words so she wouldn't sound so prude. Joni seemed proud that she had been able to coax her in to saying something she probably couldn't imagine earlier in the summer.

"Was it big?" Joni asked.

"I don't know," Becca answered. "I've never seen one to compare it too."

"Not even on the internet?"

"NO!" Becca replied. "My mom checks my browser history all the time. She'd put me in an all-girls' school if she found out I'd looked at stuff like that. But when he put it between her legs, I was thinking there's no way it would fit in her. But it did."

"So he fucked her, too?" Joni asked becoming much more interested in Becca's story.

"Yeah, they did it," Becca replied.

"NO!" Joni shot back. "HE. FUCKED. HER!!"

"Yes, he fucked her," Becca answered with a hint of excitement in her voice.

"So what did you do?" Joni

"I couldn't stop watching," Becca said. "I was afraid, and a little nervous, but the more I watched, I started feeling something very different."

"You were horny," Joni answered.

"Oh my god, I'm pretty sure I was," Becca excitedly replied.

"Did it make you want to masturbate? You know, slide your hand inside your panties?" Joni suggestively asked making sure Becca didn't break eye contact. Becca couldn't lie, so Joni would know more from her body language than from her response. Becca tried to look away but couldn't.

"YOU DID IT!!" Joni blurted out. "Don't you DARE deny it - Sweet, innocent Becca FINALLY learned what her pussy is used for!" She was a little surprised she had used the the P word in front of the most innocent 18-year old she knew, but it was time for her BFF to learn to express herself like others her age.

"Yeah I did," Becca shyly answered.

She blushed as she saw the look of disbelief on Joni's face. She had so many questions she wanted to ask her slightly-more-experienced best friend. There would never be a better time for her to learn more about what had happened earlier.

"But not right then..." Becca answered. "After they finished having sex they fell asleep, and I was finally able to sneak out of the closet and get back to my room. I couldn't get the image of them having sex out of my mind, and to tell you the truth, I really didn't want to. The more I thought about it, the more I felt it down there..."

"The hornier you got," answered Joni.

"Yeah, the hornier I got..." Becca replied.

"So?" Joni begged her to tell her more.

"Yeah, I put my hand between my legs..." Becca replied.

"...and?" Joni begged for more details.

"And what?" Becca sheepishly asked

"What did you do when you put your hand between your legs?" Joni pleaded. "Did you masturbate?"

"I guess that's what I did. It's not like I've ever done it before..." Becca responded shyly.

"OK, so you masturbated. No big deal - Everyone does it. Did you have an orgasm?"

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure I did. I felt all tingly, and then everything felt amazing, then my body got tense, and then I was so tired and sooooo relaxed," Becca looked to Joni to see if she was shocked or grossed out, or... But Joni wasn't any of those. Her smile gave Becca some needed comfort.

"Awwww, my sweet little BFF finally learned to finger herself..." Joni said as she gave Becca a long, knowing hug. "You are going to have so much fun this year!"

Becca looked like she had other questions but didn't immediately ask so Joni continued.

"Don't worry - those rumors that it will make you go blind are wrong. If they were true the drill team wouldn't be able to find the field at half time. Everyone does it!"

Becca smiled and seemed more comfortable after Joni's reassurance. They had known each other for most of their 18 years and had talked about everything girls their age usually talked about.

"So you've done it?" Becca asked with noticeable relief.

"You mean today? Sure! Yesterday? YEAH! Day before? Probably. It feels good, and there's nothing wrong with it, so I do it pretty often."

"Really, all the time?!" Becca asked with more than a hint of surprise.

"Yeah, pretty often," Joni responded with a very mischievous grin. "You probably will, too, now that you've started."

Becca looked away, not sure how to respond. She decided to take the conversation in a slightly different direction.

"So have you ever 'gone all the way?'" She wasn't sure it was the term Joni would approve of. But she answered instead of critiquing, so it must be OK.

"Yeah, just a couple of times. I did it for the first time with Jason Roads, and it really hurt. He told me it would be better the second time, so I let him again a little later. It didn't hurt that bad, but it definitely wasn't good, either. It's definitely better by myself."

"I promise you Jenn loved it when she was with DJ. She was moaning and screaming, and it looked like the greatest thing in the world to her. It sure makes me wonder if I should try it. What I did myself was pretty amazing, but it looked like what she was feeling was even better."

"There was nothing amazing about what Jason and I did," Joni seemed deep in thought. "Maybe we could ask Jenn why what she and DJ did was better than what Jason and I did."

"She's never been willing to help me with stuff like that," Becca replied, wondering if this might be something her big sis would be willing to help her with. "And if I mentioned her and DJ she might freak out if she found out I was in her closet watching... Is there someone else older and experienced we could talk to?"

"Maybe we could talk to her roommate, Aimee. She doesn't live too far away and is super nice and easy to talk to. She said I can come lay out by her pool any time. Maybe we go hang out one afternoon and work it into the conversation. She offered me a wine cooler last time, so maybe we could get her to drink a few and it will be easier to ask questions."

"Sounds great!" Joni responded. "I could use some pool time to work on my tan before the officer's sleepover next weekend.

"Yeah, me too. I'm sure she won't mind so I'll call her tomorrow," Becca said.

As their conversation conversation drifted into classes and other senior-year topics they heard a thud like something bumped into the wall, then a low, muffled moan.

"What the...?" Becca said as she walked to the wall between her and Jenn's rooms. She was taking a breath to yell at her loud sister when Joni grabbed her and put her hand over Becca's mouth. She spun her friend around and held her index finger to her lips in the hand gesture to be quiet.

"Shhhhhh..." she whispered.

There was another moan, and then another, and then some muffled, unintelligible words. A longer moan followed, and Becca knew why Joni had stopped her.

"They're doing it again!" Joni excitedly whispered. "Don't they know we're here?"

"Well...." Becca whispered hoping she would hear more sounds of pleasure from the other room. "I told Jenn we were staying at your house tonight. So I guess she thinks they're all alone."

Joni smiled and walked closer to the wall getting as close as she could without bumping in to it. Becca turned off the light leaving just her bathroom light to break up the darkness of her bedroom. She sat on the head of her bed, grabbed a pillow, and clutched it to her chest. Joni sat facing her just inches away. The moaning coming through the wall was consistent, and even when there was some talking the words were too soft to hear. But soon the moaning was a little louder, and they could hear some of the words.

"Oh god..." and "yeah, like that" were definitely coming from Jenn.

"Sounds like she's really liking whatever he's doing," Becca whispered, careful not to talk over any of the erotic sounds they were listening to.

"Oh my god, yes! Your gonna make me cum!!!" came through the wall much louder and easier to hear. The screaming that followed was easy to hear, and even Becca, who only learned about orgasms earlier in the day, knew exactly what was happening. The two girls looked at each other with both shock and excitement, and they desperately wanted to talk about this new and exciting experience.

But almost immediately after Jenn's cries of passion ceased, they heard another moan that was deeper and more masculine.

"You feel so good, baby," DJ's voice carried through the walls better than Jenn's. "Your pussy feels so amazing!"

Next they heard the soft 'bump...bump...bump...' and could almost feel the bed on the other side of the wall bumping against it as DJ slowly fucked Jenn. As the bumps increased in frequency, Becca closed her eyes and remembered the vision of their intimate encounter earlier that day. In her mind she could see DJ between her sister's legs, his hard dick sliding in and out of her, glistening with Jenn's sexual juices. And as the moaning got louder she remembered the look of immense pleasure on Jenn's face as the ecstasy built inside her.

"Oy my god, this is so hot!" Joni whispered excitedly. "I've never listened to anyone have sex before. I wish we could watch them!"

Becca was amused by the excited look on Joni's face. She was enjoying listening to them as well, but it was a huge relief knowing she wasn't alone and wasn't a deviant for enjoying the pleasure of others. She was starting to get that feeling again - the one she'd learned about earlier that day that made her desperate for her own touch. Why had she asked Joni to stay over? If she was alone, she could slide out of her panties, close her eyes and slide a finger between her legs so she could join Jenn and DJ in their sexual escapade. She could cum fast and hard and be asleep in minutes.

She thought of getting up and sneaking off to her bathroom, but at the first sign of movement she felt a hand on her thigh, and she snapped back to reality.

"Don't go..." Joni whispered. Joni's very sympathetic gaze and understanding smile froze her in place. There was no judgement or condescending look. If anything, it looked like Joni was feeling the same things she was feeling.

As they wondered what would happen next they both heard muffled sounds of pleasure through the wall they both leaned against, "Oh my god, you're going to make me cum again...."

Becca looked at her best friend wondering what she was thinking, but then the next round of "Don't stop - fuck me harder!!" was almost too much.

She thought of leaving again, but the lure of hearing Jenn's moaning with pleasure was too exciting. There was the unmistakable sound of Jenn cumming again, this time intermingled with the deeper, more masculine sounds of DJ's moans as well. Becca heard nothing after that.

"It's SO hot listening to them," Joni whispered excitedly, her hand still on Becca's leg. "Oh my god I need to..." She stopped mid-sentence when she saw her not-totally-innocent-anymore best friend enthusiastically watching her, waiting for some words of wisdom. But she wasn't sure how Becca would react to what she almost blurted out.

"Need to WHAT?!" Becca begged.

Joni was desperately horny and couldn't worry anymore about offending her.

"I need to cum!" She whispered almost forgetting Jenn and DJ were just inches away through the wall.

Becca was a little surprised to hear Joni so bluntly state what she, too, was feeling. Her leg was on fire where Joni's hand rested on it, and if her BFF tried to touch her most private area, she wouldn't be able to stop her. She had no idea what she would do in response, but she was so horny she would happily let her do anything she wanted.

"They were so sexy the way they sounded. I was kind of thinking..."

Joni studied Becca as she looked for the perfect way to express her need. Her very inexperienced best friend had only learned the most basic aspects of sex earlier that day. She didn't want her to be overwhelmed.

"So what are we going to do?" Becca kept glancing down Joni's hand on her leg. Was it just her imagination, or was she moving it slightly closer to that area that she just learned brought so much pleasure? Or maybe it was wishful thinking. She desperately wanted Joni to teach and guide her - to help her understand what other pleasures were available. But Joni didn't take the next step, so Becca had to do something fast.

"You can have my bed, and I can go to the bathroom," she offered somewhat shocked they were having a conversation like this.

Joni almost looked dejected that Becca was ready to leave during this extremely intimate time.

"That would be ok," she offered hoping her alternative would also be acceptable. "... or we could both stay here and do it together."

Becca didn't immediately reject her offer, so Joni laid on the bed facing her. She was careful not to remove her hand from Bacca's leg, but at the same time she was just as careful not to move it any closer to her friend's pantied-covered pussy.

"That might be good..." Becca softly whispered. She felt herself getting wet as she laid down next to Joni. She had only learned of self-pleasure earlier that day, and now she was going to do it again with her best friend. The anticipation elevated her excitement.

It had been a few minutes since they had heard anything on the other side of the wall. But just in case they were having any doubts, the lustful sounds started again.

Mumble, mumble, mumble, "...suck..." mumble "...dick..." mumble, mumble, "...fuck again..." mumble. They couldn't hear everything that was said on the other side of the wall, but they heard enough to understand what Jenn was offering her boyfriend. Joni and Becca both now knew that it was fate that they did this together.

"Are you sure?" Joni looked at Becca's face one last time for hints of regret. Even though her face was barely lit from moonlight coming through window across the room, she could see hunger, not regret, on her face.

So Joni slightly spread her legs and reached between them. She grasped when her finger lightly touched the silky fabric covering her clitoris. Becca watched Joni's hand between her legs. Joni was finally sure Becca wouldn't flee and put some real pressure where it was needed. She gasped as the pleasure immediately spread from between her legs to other parts of her body, and her hips rocked forward to meet her touch and intensify the pleasure. She closed her eyes to concentrate on the immense pleasure, and when she opened them Becca was intently watching her. Joni smiled knowing Becca was watching, and she again started lightly stroking Becca's thigh. Becca was surprised at how good her friend's hand felt and almost pulled away out of habit, but electricity shot through her body and settled between her legs.

She laid down facing Joni and alternated between watching the pleasure on her friend's face and her hand playing in her panties between her legs. When the sound of DJ fucking Jenn in the next room combined with those Becca couldn't stop her own hand from sliding between her own legs.

"Did you think Jenn's body was sexy when you were watching them?" Joni asked They were laying on their sides, face-to-face, and she excitedly watched Becca's hand playing in her own panties.

"Yeah, even though she's my sister, I still thought she was beautiful. And sexy," Becca responded. "I liked looking at DJs hard dick, but I also couldn't take me eyes off of Jenn."

"Oh man, I wish I could have seen that. I've seen videos of couples doing it, but I've never seen someone do it for real. I would love to see Jenn cum - I bet it was so sexy..."

Joni removed her hand from her panties, grabbed the waist band, and slid the silky garment down her legs. Becca had been looking down and had a perfect front-row seat to watch. She had seen plenty of her friends naked at sleepovers or when they changed after drill practice, but she never paid attention to their bodies until watching her sister have sex earlier that day. The first thing she noticed was that unlike her sister who she had seen earlier that day, and herself, Joni's pussy was shaved clean. Joni saw her surprised look and smiled.

"A lot of the girls shave - It makes sense during bikini season." she said. "Does it bother you?"

"No, it's kind of sexy," Becca replied. "I've just never seen anyone like that before."

Joni smiled as she watched her best friend staring at her bald pussy. She stopped fpr a moment and sat up, then stripped the t-shirt off and tossed it to the floor. Now fully naked, she again laid down facing Joni. As they burrowed down in the pillows and piles of covers, she knew this was going to be a new, amazing experience masturbating with her best friend while listening to Jenn and DJ making love.

"Do you think it would be OK to take your clothes off, too? It would be so hot to see all of you when you cum."

Becca couldn't take her eyes of Joni's full breasts. Her nipples were large and pink, but she saw them getting hard while her friend again started fingering herself. Staring at Joni's body, she again felt that tingling between her legs that she felt earlier that day watching Becca and DJ. The sounds of her sister and her boyfriend again fucking in the room next door, and the sight of her best friend just inches away playing with herself was more than she could handle.

The guilt of her mom's world made her think for a second of running to the safety of another room in the house with less stimulation where she could explore her needs with more privacy. But the memory of the amazing pleasure she learned about that afternoon was more powerful. Without taking her eyes off of Joni's smooth pussy she grabbed the elastic of her own panties and quickly pushed them down her legs exposing her own neatly-trimmed-but-not-bald pussy. She also ripped her t-shirt off and laid back down again facing Joni. Face-to-face with her BFF, she stared into her oldest friend's eyes as her hand went quickly to the source of her greatest need.

"Does it hurt to shave down there," Becca asked innocently.

"No, it kind of feels good," Joni answered. "Pretty much anything down there feels good."

"OK, I guess I'm going to do that, too, before the officer sleepover." Becca whispered as she stared at Joni's middle finger splitting the folds between her own legs. "But I'll be nervous getting a razor near that."

"I can help if you want," Joni panted as she continued playing between her legs.

"Yeah, that'd be great..." Becca replied.

Joni was the more experienced of the two, and also more confident and outgoing. She was surprised that her friend from the ultra-conservative family was here next to her, so she wanted to make sure when they were done that they both had a good time and that Becca would have the confidence and knowledge she needed to continue exploring her sexuality in the future. She also really wanted to try being with a girl sometime soon, and her very cute best friend would be perfect if she could talk her in to it.

"Have you tried rubbing outside and inside?" Joni softly asked watching Becca's hand caressing the soft fur between her legs.

"Yeah, I tried both today..." Becca whispered. "They both feel good - is one way better?"

"The only thing that's better is what feels best to you," Joni answered. "They will both make you cum. You can try alternating between both to see which one you like best."

"OK," Becca replied. She took Joni's advice and pushed her middle finger against her wet opening. It slid easily in, and she grasped from the intense pleasure it gave her. She pushed it in and out like she had done earlier that day. She could cum right now but was enjoying how it felt and also talking to Joni while she did it. She pulled the finger out again, and with her own fluids providing lubrication she again rubbed her clit. It was a different, but equally intense, pleasure.

"How long does it take you?" Becca asked, already feeling the tingling between her legs.

"Sometimes I can cum really fast, but sometimes it takes longer. Sometimes you want it to take longer so you can enjoy the touching part. Tonight it's probably going to be really quick since I've never done it with anyone before."

"It was really fast today," Becca moaned. "...and I think it's going to be fast again. I've tried slowing down, but it feels too good."

Becca rolled on her back and opened her legs so she could get her finger all the way in. Her back came off the bed and she hungrily scratched the itch deep between her legs.

"Oh, god, Joni - it feels so good," she cried. "I think I'm going to cum!"

Joni still had her hand on Becca's arm and felt her furiously fingering herself. She wanted to reach across the few inches and caress her best friend's boob, maybe even take he nipple in her mouth - do what ever she could to become a part of, and also add intensity to, her upcoming orgasm. But that isn't what they talked about, and it might ruin what they were sharing. Instead, she lightly stroked her arm - the arm that connected to the hand between her legs.

"I bet it feels so good," Joni whispered in response. "And it is so sexy to watch..."

As she felt Becca's body tense and rise off the bed, she added, "cum for me. I want to watch you cum..."

Becca started her orgasm when Joni said "...for me...". She had thought fpr a minute about going slow and trying to time her orgasm so she could cum with Joni. But the tingling was too intense, and pleasure raced from her pussy through her body to the arms, legs, feet, and arms. As intense as her first orgasms were earlier that day, this one seemed to last longer and be even more intense. And there was an intense heat on her arm where her best friend's hand rested on her.

When the orgasm finally subsided, Becca's now limp body collapsed on the bed. She forgot about Jenn and DJ on the other side of the wall from them, but the muffled moans and other sounds of pleasure were again audible as the warm afterglow replaced the intense pleasure. She giggled as she remembered where she was and what she was doing, and even though she was physically exhausted a few seconds ago, the next-door sex sounds and Joni's naked body so close by reinvigorated her.

"Now you do it..." She cooed to her BFF. "Show me how you cum."

Joni was more than ready. Now that her friend had finished cumming she happily rolled on her back and resumed her exploration between her own legs. When she saw Becca's eyes tracing a path down her naked body she spread her legs even wider, her foot brushing against Becca's bare leg.

Becca roll again on her side facing Becca and placed her hand on Joni's arm the same way Joni had done while she took care of her own sexual needs. She wasn't sure why her friend had done that, but it definitely made the moment hotter, and she wanted to do the same. She noticed every movement Joni made and felt her move down as she reached deep inside, and then she heard the corresponding gasp as the pleasure overwhelmed her. Then the moan lessened as her arm moved up and her finger came out of her hot wetness. And then she pushed it in again, and as Joni started fingering herself faster, Becca noticed the wet sounds coming from between Joni's legs.

"God that sounds hot..." Becca whispered. "You must be so wet."

"Oh, yeah, I am. I loved watching you cum - it made me so hot. And I love listening to DJ and Jenn, and..." she paused for a moment to concentrate on the amazing pleasure between her legs, ..."I need to cum now."

"So you like watching me cum?" Becca asked.

"Yeah, I did," Joni panted seductively.

"It made you horny?"

"Yeah, it did. It made me so wet."

Joni fingered herself faster, spurred on by Becca's sexy talk, her naked body, the feel of her touch on her arm, and the memory of her recent orgasm.

"This feels soooo good, Becca. I'm going to cum," she softly moaned. "I'm going to cum for you!!"

Even though there were only a couple of inches between them, Becca moved even closer to her naked friend. Her bare leg crossed Joni's equally-naked leg, and her knee was so close to Joni's pussy that she could feel it's heat.

When the smooth skin of her bare leg touched her best friends', she felt Joni go tense.

"Ohhhhhhh, gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawd," she moaned as her body twitched and wave after wave of orgasm coursed through her body.

As her body returned to normal she noticed Becca's hand stroking her arm, and her friend's leg draped across her own, and that they were both naked, and that they had both recently experienced massive orgasms. And she desperately wished Becca would touch her more than caressing her arm. But that would need to wait for another evening. 

