Author: Paul Orsza
Summary: A high school masochist plays with herself. First story.
Keywords: f,pain,sad,solo,anal,scat,bi,hs


I'm Jenny. I'm 15 years old, and I'm a self-proclaimed pain-slut. I've
never had sex with another person, but I love to torture myself in any
way that relates to sex. I'll do anything to myself to get off, even
things that are totally disgusting to anyone else. Unfortunately,
since I am only 15, I don't have access to any conventional sex or
pain devices, so I have to improvise with household items. I also like to
humiliate myself. On the outside, I just look like a regular 15 year
old, not particularly pretty, not particularly busty, not overtly
sexual. I dress inconspicuously while still trying to look good. Think
jeans and tight t-shirts. I almost never wear panties, I like the way
my pussy rubs against my pants. I like to expose my body even though
most don't see me as stunning.

I woke up late for school this morning. I quickly showered and got
dressed in a long skirt with no panties and a t-shirt, hoping to not
get to school late. As punishment for getting up late, I decided to go
the whole day without using the bathroom. I already had to piss, so
this was going to be a long day. By the end of my first class
(English), I was noticeably squirming. My next class, Gym, was going
to be tough. In the locker room getting dressed, all the other girls
laughed at me because I didn't have any panties and because I don't
have any hair on my pussy (I shave it). I just wish I could serve them
and have them use me for their sexual satisfaction. By the time gym
class was over, my shorts were slightly damp. The hardest part was
doing pull-ups; I hope no one noticed my distress. To my horror, I
also noticed fullness in my ass. I knew I was going to have to take a
shit soon.

By the time I got home I was practically screaming from the pain in my
bladder. I immediately rushed into the bathroom, and as I removed my
skirt shit started flowing from my ass. I sat down as quickly as I
could. When I was done pooping, the pain in my bladder remained. I
wasn't able to let any piss out. I pressed on my stomach, making tears
start to roll down my face from the increased pain. I struggled to not
make a sound. Finally, my bladder emptied and I breathed a huge sigh
of relief. 

Later that night, when my mom gone with my little brother to his
soccer practice, I was ready to have more fun. Alone in the house, I
took off all my clothes and quickly shoved my left middle finger up my
ass without any lube. After yelping slightly from the pain, I went to
the garage to get an empty beer bottle. Taking it back to my room, I
set it on the floor. I promised myself I would get the whole bottle
into my ass in one try, took a few deep breaths, then sat down hard on
the bottle. For the second time today, I started crying. I looked down
at the bottle and saw that only the neck was in. Disappointed in
myself, I pressed down harder until my butt cheeks touched the
floor. The pain was enormous. It felt like my anal sphincters would
tear any moment. I reached under me and ran my finger around my
asshole. When I looked at the finger, it had blood on it.

As I started to get control of the pain, I heard my mom open the front
door. Quickly I threw on my clothes but I didn't have time to take the
bottle out. I would have to wait until I went to bed for that. As the
night went on, it was difficult to manage acting normally with a beer
bottle full up my ass. The pain wasn't as bad any more but it was
still incredibly uncomfortable.

Finally, my parents went to bed and I was able to go to my room to
take the bottle out. I grabbed the bottle and slowly pulled, wincing
as my fingers hit the wounds on my anus from inserting it. Once I had
gotten the bottle all the way out, I was disgusted to find it had shit
on it. Unable to leave my room without waking my parents, I resigned
myself to do what I had to do to get rid of my poop--eat it. I slowly
brought the bottle neck up to my mouth, and gingerly licked it. The
shit tasted terrible and made me want to vomit, but I had to eat
it. Sticking the whole neck into my mouth, I pulled the shit off with
my tongue and swallowed, gagging. The disgusting scent overwhelmed
me. Imagining it was a hot guy's cock made the job easier.

The removal of the bottle made my ass feel much better. Ready to cum,
I got on my computer and started surfing porn. Not wanting to orgasm
without being in pain, I got out two small metal alligator
clips. These are great fun, incredibly painful on the sensitive
bits. I affixed one clip to my left nipple, the other to my
perineum. The pain took me over the top, and I had a beautiful strong
orgasm. To thank myself for the orgasm, I squeezed the alligator clip
on my nipple until I saw blood, then twisted it off, tearing the
flesh.

As I climbed up into bed, the smell of sex combined with shit made me
think, "I could eat shit more often." I fell asleep with my ass
sore, my nipple throbbing and the now enjoyable smell of shit in my
nose. What a wonderful night.


-------------------------------------------
Paul Orsza
paulorsza@yahoo.com
You may do anything with this document, as 
long as you keep this message intact.
Written Thu Feb 15 18:16 2007
-------------------------------------------
