Harry didn't actually bother going down to the train the next day. Hermione and Ron had already left, and his other housemates had other people to think about. He waved Neville and Seamus out of the room, and Neville, at least, waved back. He did watch, from one of the tower windows, for the puffs of steam departing southward. Once that had happened, he adjusted his clothes -- the tattiest cast-offs he had -- and headed out into the corridors, bringing the Marauders' Map with him. The label marked "Severus Snape" was moving quickly through the less traveled parts of the school, as Harry had expected. Currently, it was two turns away from the Trophy Room. Harry judged that if he went down the back stairway, he could be at the corner by the washrooms by the time Severus got there.

In fact, he was a little early. He loitered for a moment, observing how disused this section of the school was. There were no portraits, but the pillars every few strides were carved with grotesque faces. He wondered if they could also bear tales to the headmaster.

While Harry was staring into the stone eyes of a sneering tusked man, Professor Snape swept around the corner. Without missing a step, he said, "Are you coming or going, Potter? Make up your mind," and entered the bathroom. With a scowl that was entirely for show, Harry followed.

The bathroom was even more decrepit than the corridor. Rust stains spread wide in the sinks, and cobwebs stretched from one tap to the next. Severus pointed his wand at the door and muttered a spell.

"Locking it?"

"Nothing so obvious. I've set the latch to break. It will take a minute for anyone to get in." He looked hungrily at Harry as he spoke. "The headmaster is away, and I have set the Bloody Baron on Peeves."

"Clog the drains, while you're at it. I don't want Moaning Myrtle in here."

Severus smirked. "Already done." With a quick lunge, he seized Harry and spun him around, shoving him against a dripping sink. Harry took all the energy that instinctively wanted to go into fighting and threw it into surrendering, making his blood surge.

"Yes," he hissed, before catching himself. "Please, sir...."

"Foolish little boy," Severus whispered darkly, pressing hard against him and rubbing blatantly. "Don't you know better than to wander by yourself in unused regions of the school?"

Harry gripped the sides of the sink and pushed back hard. "But nothing ever happens in the usual places. I'd miss out on all the excitement."

"Is this exciting, then, Potter?" As a dark wand flicked into the edge of Harry's vision, thick vines curled around Harry's wrists. In a flash, they had bound him to the pipes that went up the wall behind the sink. With a hard pull, Severus undid Harry's belt, and the oversize trousers began to slip. "Being caught in an abandoned room?"

"Yeah," Harry squirmed against him, using the friction to inch his trousers down more. Severus leaned close, his breath harsh in Harry's ear.

"You know what I want, don't you, boy?"

"Pretty obvious."

"Answer properly, Potter!"

"Yes, Professor, I know what you want." With a last lift of one hip, he had it. The trousers fell around his ankles, leaving him bare from there to the hem of his moth-eaten jumper, but the garment was so large that he had room to spread his legs. The ceramic of the sink was cold against the tip of his cock. In contrast, the fine fabric of Snape's robes slid smoothly against his bare buttocks.

"Say it, then, Potter," Severus demanded. "What do you believe I will do to you?"

"Bugger me blind." With a cocky grin at the mirrorless wall, Harry added, "sir."

Uneven teeth slid against his ear. "Five points to Gryffindor," Severus whispered. Still fully dressed, he slid a lubed finger against Harry's crack, and Harry rocked back, trying to take the tip in. Snape withdrew the contact in fractions of an inch, teasing him with the touch and making him stretch to the limits of the vines. "How entertainingly shameless you are, Potter. Imagine if someone walked in right now, and saw you straining for more."

"Wouldn't care," Harry said defiantly. His imagination, however, remembered the fantasy about Draco, and was rapidly filling in the Slytherin boy staring from the door.

"No? You wouldn't stop, then?" Severus moved just the tip of his finger in.

"Fuck me, damn it! I don't care who's watching."

At that, his lover finally gave. He pushed the finger inside, and began deftly fucking Harry with that, while he fumbled at his robes with his off hand. For a minute, even that small intrusion was enough to give Harry the feeling of fullness that he craved, but only for a minute. He twisted to look past his shoulder, and snarled the incantation to undo buttons. Severus stumbled back, pulling out of him with almost painful speed.

"What the hell do you want me to do?" Harry snarled. "Just tell me."

Severus's voice, by contrast, was steady -- almost light. "You managed four buttons."

"Under rather adverse conditions."

"You misunderstand. That is quite impressive, wandless."

Harry snarled again, a wordless sound of frustration and rage, and then his eyes narrowed. "There you go," he said coldly. "My fans were right. I'm special and impressive, and you should appreciate me."

His professor's face took on a dangerous light as he stepped close again. One hand moved to Harry's hip and caressed it. "Oh, I do appreciate you, Potter," he said softly, the caress changing to a hard grip. "I appreciate that you're a fucked-up little boy who can't get enough of my cock." With his wand to focus the Unfastening charm, he had his clothes undone and trousers off in seconds. He teased the promised member up against Harry's hole and made him strain back again. The vines pulled hard at Harry's wrists. "Nothing to say, Potter?"

"You want me to agree with you?"

"In detail."

Harry whined. "Yeah," he said. "Can't get enough. Want it in my mouth, in my arse -- want you touching me, want you staring at me when I take off my clothes...."

Severus pressed, ever so slightly, into him. "Expand 'it.' You must know several words."

"Want your cock in my arse," Harry said. "Please. Feels so good."

He pushed in further. "That's a good boy."

"Like that, don't you? Like that I'm officially under your authority --"

"And even more that are physically so -- and that you ask for that."

"Yeah. Love the way you tie me up and make me take it. Want you to buy me a collar and make me sit at your feet while you're grading --"

With a harsh cry, Severus plunged into him. The burn was nothing under the satisfaction at having successfully goaded him, and Harry started moving immediately, bracing himself against the sink. Severus matched him, his ready tongue spilling out curses stripped of malice, and praises of Harry as a wanton, ungovernable brat. Soft laughter turned to desperate gulps of breath, and then to cries of pleasure, and Harry collapsed forward, bumping his head on the corroded pipes. Severus seized him around the chest and thrust harder until he spasmed, froze, and finally, relaxed. Harry collapsed forward into the wall as the vines uncoiled and faded away. The smell of their sex mingled oddly with the disturbed damp.

"Brilliant."

"Do you need to return soon?"

"No." Harry sent a mischievous smile back over his shoulder. "No one else from Gryffindor stayed." He was rewarded by seeing Severus shudder slightly, as in a shadow of orgasm.

"Would no one notice, then, if I took you to London? Overnight, perhaps?" Severus leaned close, his nails biting into Harry's shoulder. "Professor Dumbledore expects to spend much of the next two weeks away."

Traveling sounded even more like freedom than unsupervised nights in the school. Harry moaned and pressed as hard as he could back into Severus, although it was too soon for either of them to have recovered. "What's in London?"

"Restaurants," Severus purred. "Hotels. All that money we never get a chance to spend. Perhaps a little blond rentboy to play the part of Draco."

"Oh." Harry let out several quick breaths, somewhere between panting and laughing as he tried to absorb the idea. "Mm. I'm all for that."

"Muggle, of course."

"Would damn well have to be."

"Quite." Severus hesitated. "If you are willing," he said, with unusual care, "and conditions allow, you might also do a little job. For the business, that is."

"In London?" For that, Harry turned around. He needed to pull up his trousers first. When he settled back, covered arse against the now-warm sink, Severus looked amused.

"Yes, London. I overheard Macnair, last night, saying that the gargoyles in the City had laid. He's supposed to destroy the egg, sometime next week, once the adults start to range further away. I'd like you to steal it, first."

Harry shifted uneasily. They had never covered gargoyles in class. He thought he had read that they protected buildings, that carved gargoyles attracted them, and that they were harmless unless provoked. What they did when provoked, he had no idea. "How dangerous is that?" he mused, only belatedly realizing that he had voiced the question.

Severus shrugged. "That rather depends. If --"

Harry interrupted. "Have any fags?"

"Now?"

"If we're going to talk, I want a smoke."

Severus stretched his lips in a mocking smile. "Not something I carry about the school. Too tempting."

"That's why you're so stroppy when you're out walking the corridors. No cigs, no sex...." Severus responded with an amused snort, and Harry shook back sweaty hair from his face. "All right. Gargoyles. Danger."

"As I had attempted to say, if it is night, and I cast an Obscuration charm on you and your broom, and the adult gargoyles do not return until you have left the nest, not at all."

"And if they do?"

"Obscuration charms do not work on gargoyles. You would need to out-fly it. They have been known to kill."

With assumed nonchalance, Harry shrugged. "All right. Can't be much worse than dragons. Anything else I should know?"

"Once you have the egg, and I have placed it in a proper containment, we would need to Apparate or portkey away immediately. The Ministry may have alarm charms set."

Harry chuckled at that. "Oh, so we're poaching from the government, are we? Wait." He thought back to what Severus had said. "Macnair is supposed to destroy this egg?"

"That is standard practice. The Ministry attempts to keep them out of circulation."

"Won't people notice when you show up with one for sale?"

That hesitation again. "I was not planning on selling it."

"Then this really isn't business, is it?"

Severus began to pace. The hem of his robe, where it swirled about him, was grey with cobwebs. "Not precisely. However, if there is gravel from the gargoyles in the nest, which is likely, you could collect that, as well, and that will bring a decent price."

"What do you want with the egg?"

"The egg -- specifically, the shell, is the primary ingredient in the Shadowcloak philtre. This gives the drinker the ability -- but does not compel him -- to hide completely in shadows, however faint." He stopped and turned his head to look squarely at Harry. "In the absence of profits, I would split the doses with you."

"I already have an invisibility cloak."

Severus dismissed that with a contemptuous flick of one wrist. "A cloak must be put on and taken off. It can be stolen from you. It can catch on things. With this potion, you can be walking normally with a companion, hang back a step, and be gone. If captured, you still have it until dawn -- you can make your prison appear empty, and slip out when a guard opens the door to find you."

Harry could see those advantages and others. It was a tempting offer. "It must be rare."

"Very rare. A breeding pair of gargoyles may lay once every fifty years, and the governments watch them jealously, choosing which eggs to guard and which to destroy. It is a dangerous thing to fall into enemy hands."

"Thus the not selling."

"Yes. If Macnair were to falsify the destruction, and bring the egg to his master...."

"How many doses can we get?"

Lips pursed in thought, Severus eyed him up and down. "They vary by weight. Perhaps six for you and six for me."

"And the gravel?"

"Is used for certain potions that make stone easier to levitate and maneuver. It is not terribly rare, but it is in high demand. An even split of profits, again?"

Harry leaned back. "Add in a carton of cigarettes, and you have a deal."

Harry didn't think the gravel could be worth much. There was more avarice in the potion master's eyes at his suggestion than there had been at the discussion of profits. "But I enjoy you coming to me for your drugs."

"Too bad." Harry pushed off from the sink and stood upright. "I'll come to you anyway, you know."

"For other vices."

"Yes."

Severus shrugged. "I suggest a compromise. A carton of cigarettes, yes, but I hold it."

"I can take it from you by the pack, though? Because the point is to, you know, have them when you don't, or when I can't go find you."

"Agreed."