Self Dares
by stripgnd

Self Dares Ch. 04

Andy gets friend zoned. Round two with Hanna.

I healed fairly well. I have lost a bit of flexibility in the ankle that I broke, but nothing that affects anything that I need to do. It is also expected that it will improve over time anyway, so I can't really complain.

I messaged Andy as soon as I was physically able again and insisted that he let me take him out for a meal to say thank you. He resisted, but I am fairly persuasive when I want to be so he eventually agreed to it. We didn't go anywhere really posh, I am not exactly rolling in the cash, but the restaurant was nice enough. It was one of the ones where you needed to dress up. Everyone else there would be smartly dressed and not being the same would mean you would stand out.

It took me all day to pick my outfit. There is a very fine line between a slinky dinner dress and where is the rest of it? I wanted to look nice for him and I realise how condescending that sounds. He was under no illusion that it was not a date and it was just a thank you. Not being a bitch, but I really didn't want to lead him on. He fancies me and that is cute and I am flattered, but messing with him in any way like that would make me a bitch, and I am not. I don't think anyway. Well, unless you want me to be, in which case I can be a super bitch if you so wish.

I eventually settled on a black pleated bodycon dress. It was mid-thigh length, so long enough to be sophisticated, but also short enough to be sexy. The front had a bow-type design that wrapped across my chest in an off-the-shoulder design. The back was a low-ish cut around where my shoulder blades were. So no bra, but I didn't need one and the dress had built-in support, again, not that I needed it. It would at least hide perky nipples if I got cold. I opted for black six-inch stiletto heels which had a silver design on the straps which I paired with a silver clutch bag which was big enough for my phone, wallet, key, basic make-up and a mini perfume.

My underwear for the single item I would be wearing took a fair amount of time as well. Which considering my earlier statement of "it is not a date" seems a little silly. Why spend so long deciding on something that he isn't going to see. Good question, confidence I guess. Fake it till you make it as they say. If you feel confident you tend to be confident and cute underwear, even if no one is going to see it goes a long way to projecting confidence. I eventually settled on a pair of bikini DKNY black panties, with the DKNY printed around the waistband of them in white. Cute and sexy, a good combination.

I did toy with going without any underwear on and for a while, I did seriously consider it. The dress though was not long enough to reliably get away with it. I had been to the restaurant before and as they didn't pack the people in you were visible from a lot of shallow angles from the people seated. A clumsy shift of position or something and it was very possible a few people would see up my dress. I did model for Mum and grilled her if she could see a visible panty line. She insisted that she couldn't and after several "are you sure" and different positions I believed her. Further cemented when she said, and I quote, "That dress is way too short and floaty to not be wearing any if that is what you are hinting at."

I showered, removed all body hair, again, a confidence thing and got dressed. I put on a small cardigan as well as it was fairly chilly outside. I refused the offer of a lift by Dad and went and got the bus. I liked catching the bus on a Friday in the early evening. It was the best people-watching time. People on their way out for the night like me, mixed in with people who were on their way back from work. The different dynamics were intriguing. The bubbly ripple of "pre-night out alcohol loaded" partygoers and the subdued "thank fuck the working week is done," people. I took a seat and watched the people.

I got to the restaurant first and put my bank card on the table so there would be no bill presented it would just be debited off my card. I say my card, it was in my name, but it was Mum and Dad's money. I knew what Andy was like, he would try and pay and I didn't want him to. This was my treat to him as a thank you.

I checked the time and I was a bit early so I ordered myself a Vodka and diet coke, took a seat and waited. I checked my phone nervously as the minutes ticked by and wondered if I had been stood up. That would be really annoying if I had been. I don't see why he would though? Maybe his attraction to me was just a big joke and everyone was laughing at me. It had taken him so much time, but the trap had been sprung and here I was, sitting on my own like a saddo. Maybe the bar staff were in on it, maybe they were running a book in the kitchen for how long I would wait. Being a teenager is shit, you have so many stupid hang-ups it is insane.

The door opened and Andy came in. He saw me and smiled. It was 19:31. He was a whole minute late. He came over and I stood up. We had a hug and sat down. "Wow, you look amazing," he said.

"Thanks," I said casually as though my outfit, make-up and perfume hadn't been hours and hours of debate and tough decisions. "You too," I said back. He really did. I only ever saw him in cycling gear or casual clothes. He scrubbed up well. He had short-cropped black hair and was wearing a pair of black trousers with a white skull-printed shirt. I think it is a golf brand, from what I understand anyway. Either way, he looked fairly good in it.

We were taken to our table and seated. "Order what you want," I said, "My treat."

He smiled and we browsed the menu. A pointless task for me as I had pre-picked what I was having days ago. A bruschetta to start and then the seared tuna. If I made it to dessert the chocolate orange torte looked favourite. He picked his and we started to chat.

I will be honest that I was expecting it to be a bit awkward. We only knew each other through cycling and as much as I can geek it up with the best of them with the cycling talk I would struggle for the duration of a sit-down restaurant meal. I had nothing to worry about though, the conversation started off on the cycling via how I was with my injuries, but it quickly progressed to general chit-chat. There was never a lull in the conversation and he was actually really funny. Genuinely made me laugh with his bluntness. Not in an offensive way, or even a bit crass, he was just deadpan honest and delivered the lines well.

He was genuinely interested in me. My life, my studies, future plans for my career and all that sort of stuff. He was in finance which he described as "as dull as it sounds," but he did elaborate when I pressed him and he was indeed correct in his description. The courses of food came and went and were all fantastic. He had soup, which I was fairly impressed with, my food choices were mainly the ones I was least likely to drop down myself. He managed to eat it like an adult though and didn't spill any. His main course was a creamy chicken pasta dish which was really nice as well as he let me try some. Off his fork and everything. I know I know. We should have ordered spaghetti and gone all Lady and the Tramp.

We did make it to dessert and the chocolate orange torte was fantastic. He ordered the same thing. We were invited to go to the bar as we had clearly outstayed our welcome at the table and they needed the table. I had been drinking pretty much all night, but I wasn't drunk. The conversation flowed better than the alcohol and it was nice. The evening was nice. More than nice. His eyes are also very dreamy. They are normally hidden behind sunglasses, but he really does have the nicest eyes.

There was no pressure at all on me. Every time I went for dinner with a guy around my age there was the underlying unasked question constantly hanging in the air, and that question was. "Soooo. When do you put out?" Is "putting out" a common phrase? To be a bit more blunt, when a girl (or a guy for that matter) "puts out" you are getting sexy time. It was strange, for the first time in my life I was out for dinner with a guy and it was me toying with that unasked question. My brain wasn't helping, egging me on and goading me into taking a risk. Comments like, "Oh come on, you like him, he likes you. Are you going to fuck him or what?"

For the first time in my life, I was potentially risking rejection. I know how full of myself that sounds, but I had always been the askee and never the asker. I have never asked anyone out before and yes I realise that isn't helping my case for me being full of myself. "Do you want to go for a drink?" he asked.

"I would love to," I said.

"My treat," he said with a smile.

I protested, but not that strongly. I would have happily gone halves on the drinks, but the meal had been over £100 with the drinks and as understanding as my parents were even I would feel like I was taking the piss slightly if I racked up a further three-figure bar bill. We went to a local bar that he knew and I continued on the vodka. Out of habit, I watched the barman when he poured my drink ensuring that it was a single he had ordered and not a "get her drunk" double, or triple. I caught one guy trying to "loosen me up" with a quadruple. That night ended fairly soon after that and not at all in the way that he hoped.

The bar was a little louder and so it was harder to talk, which I would normally have welcomed. I like a good chat, but several hours with someone you don't really know that well and a louder bar would normally be welcome. It was just annoying though as I really did like him. I liked his company. "Where next?" I asked as I finished my drink.

He checked the time and it was approaching closing time. "Err," he said looking at me nervously. That was the first time he had shown any sort of nerves and it was nice to see. Unerring confidence is a little psychotic. In my mind anyway, to have that much confidence in "first date" situations meant you either had no empathy or you are a murderer so have nothing to worry about as even if you make a fool of yourself she will be dead soon, so who cares. "My flat isn't far," he said.

I smiled at him. That had been the first time all night that he had even hinted at a mere suggestion that we should maybe get horizontal. His confidence cracked entirely and he started backtracking. "I would love to see your flat," I said. Genuinely I would. I was nosey and I did like looking at other people's houses. Although I was under no illusion what the reason for going back to his was. "Back in a sec," I said.

I got up and went to the restroom. I sent Mum a message to let her know I would be staying out for the night. She replied seconds later with just a winky face. I am not sure I would be quite so liberal with my children. She knew who I was out with and why I would be staying out the night. Maybe it was because she trusted me and knew I had been brought up well, either way, we had an awesome relationship. I was fairly selfish in that she would have to break the news to Dad. I am sure Dad trusted me just as much, but in his eyes I was still his baby girl and far too young to be doing "that". I reapplied perfume and touched up my makeup. Gave me a quick once over in the mirror and then went back to him again. "Sorted," I said.

We walked back to his as it was only ten minutes away and there were no taxis outside the bar. He opened the door and told his dog to leave me alone and to go to his crate, which amazingly he did and he stayed there. A well-trained dog. He poured us a drink each and we sat on the sofa. He put the TV on just for background noise and we picked up where we left off.

I started fairly rigid on the sofa but was soon leaning back and even into him. He didn't have his arm around me, but there was definite body contact. "Come on, kiss me or something," I said to myself. "Kiss him. Go on..." my internal voice said.

I looked at him and he looked back at me. I smiled shyly and looked at the floor for a second. When I looked back at him he was still looking directly at me. "Just lean in halfway," I said to myself. I hesitated. Rejection is terrifying, even in this pretty much nailed-on situation there was still the chance he would reject me. "Oh just fucking kiss him you stupid bitch," my brain said.

I leaned in halfway and he leaned in the other half. Our lips meeting we had our first kiss. We pulled back and I grinned at him. "Why did that take so long?" I asked him with a wry smile.

He didn't reply, our lips connected again and this time I opened my mouth for him. His tongue explored my mouth and I returned the favour. Our drinks were empty and the glasses were on the table. He rested his hand on my leg and I turned my body so I was facing him. I let him hold my leg in place as I turned slightly which meant my legs were no longer closed. It hadn't been my intention, but it was a great consequence and I felt his hand slide up the outside of my leg and up my dress.

I moaned softly as his hand ran across the top of my thigh and he stroked his fingers across the waistband of my panties. It didn't actually feel all that nice, definitely not warranting an audible moan, but I wanted to encourage him to take the initiative a little bit. Incidentally, I was glad I was wearing some panties, it would have been a little bit too keen to be without. We kissed while our hands explored each other's bodies. No clothes came off and the most intimate he got was the outside of my thigh and an external exploration of my panties. My legs weren't "come and get it" open, but there was no physical barrier if he had wanted to get more intimate quicker. "Are you sure?" he asked. I looked at him and was pleased I managed to hide my disappointment. We were all over each other, his hands were all over my legs and panties. As being sure goes, this is pretty much as sure as I get. I liked sex and it did it for me being the submissive. Not pinned down, tied up and abused, but I liked the guy taking the initiative, and he wasn't going to. I was horny though and I wanted sex, and I wanted sex now.

I didn't reply, I manoeuvred myself so I was knelt astride him with him on his back on the sofa. He was looking up at me, his eyes all over my body. He was still waiting for a reply. Instead of replying I knelt up higher. His eyes dropped between my legs as he would be able to see up my dress, but that was kind of the idea. I lifted my dress up and over my head dropping it on the sofa out of the way. His eyes scanned my entire body and then stared at my bare breasts. "Yeah, I am sure," I replied as I leaned down and kissed him again. I was only wearing panties and stilettos.

"Wow," he said as his eyes drank me in. He reached up and gently squeezed my breasts then focused in on my nipples.

I could feel him swelling in his trousers as I sat astride him, his erection pressing against me through his clothes and my panties. "Wow indeed," I grinned at him as I felt the power between his legs. He wasn't going to take the lead, I was sat astride him wearing next to nothing and he was still being fairly conservative. I unbuttoned his shirt and let him remove it while I worked on his trousers. Belts always cause me issues. I have no idea why, but I hate them. I eventually unfastened it followed by the button and the zip. I pushed them down and smiled at the boxer tent that greeted me.

I left his boxers on and kissed him again. Grinding myself against his hardness as we kissed and cuddled. The sofa would not be comfortable for having sex on. I hadn't had sex on it yet, but I knew that they are just not comfortable. I lifted myself up and positioned so my nipple was practically in his mouth. He took the hint and my entire body tingled. "Ooo yeah," I said as he sucked my nipples in turn. I started to wonder if I was his first as he was really passive and unsure of anything. I felt that it wasn't polite to ask. "Hey, you are being a big shit mate, am I your first?" Okay, the words could be better selected for his ego, but no matter how you dress it if you are asked if she is your first there is only one way to read that. "Wanna go to bed?" I asked him. It was partially a request as the sofa was not ideal and it was also my way of asking him if he wanted to fuck or if he wasn't into it. Literally.

"Yeah," he said smiling up at me.

I stood up and pulled him to his feet. He lead the way to the bedroom but only because I didn't know the way. He laid me on the bed and climbed on top of me. Kissing me and his hand slid down the front of my panties. "Oh yes," I whispered as I felt his fingers between my legs. I was surprised at how wet I was and I am not sure if it was luck or if he had more experience than I was assuming, but he inserted one and then a second finger. He gently started to finger me and I let him take off my panties. I kicked the shoes off as well after a fair bit of struggle and opened my legs for him. He leaned in and kissed me while he played with me. Two fingers inside me and his thumb teasing my clit.

I reached my hand down the front of his boxers and took hold of him. He felt big in my hand, but I was a little surprised. I expected bigger. I have no idea why, but do you know when you have an assumption in your head about what someone will look like I for some reason had him as being bigger. He wasn't small, I guess he was towards the smaller end of the average, but yeah. I started to play with him in his boxers and quickly picked up the pace.

We were staring at each other while we played with each other. He was good, but to be fair stick anything in me when I am wet enough and I am going cross-eyed eventually. Find my clit at the same time and I am not lasting long at all. He stopped fingering me and I gave him my "What the fuck," eyes as I hid no emotion.

"Sorry," he said as he stared at me.

Was he seriously not into this? Fuck off. At least tell me before we got to this stage. I looked at him puzzled and then felt the pulse in my hand. A wetness coated my hand and I grinned up at him. "Have you just cum?" I asked giggling.

"I am so sorry," he said as he went to pull away.

I didn't let him. "It is fine," I lied, although I did the decent thing and finished him off into his boxers. Was I disappointed? Hell yeah. Was I annoyed? No. Was I mainly relieved he wasn't not into me and he was clearly very much into me blowing his load after 30 seconds with a shit hand job? Hell yeah I was.

"Fuck sake," he said pulling away and standing up.

"It is fine," I said smiling at him. "Honestly, it is fine," I said again. These things happen, apparently.

I closed my legs and sorted out my decency as best I could laying on a bed with no clothes on and a hand coated in semen. He handed me a tissue and I took it. I got up and went to the bathroom. When I went back into his room he was wearing clean boxers and nothing else. Very much underdressed I put my panties back on and gave him a kiss. I could tell that he was beating himself up inside. "Honestly, don't let it bother you," I said. "You could at least have gone down on me to say sorry," but I didn't say that one out loud.

He hugged me and I took the opportunity to fall with him onto the bed. I at least wanted a good cuddle. We landed still in each other's arms, wriggled under the duvet and cuddled. The conversation was a little awkward to start with and I didn't know how to make it not be. I wanted to laugh about it, but I wasn't sure if that was the right approach or not. It was fairly funny, but guys can be sensitive if you laugh at something they are embarrassed about. I nuzzled into his neck and shoulder and let him stroke my back. I felt tiny next to him and that is what I love about cuddles. The feeling of protection and safety. I was kissing his neck every so often and gradually it got less awkward. "Am I your first?" I asked. I wanted to know if I was.

He pulled back and looked at me for a second. "No," he said sounding puzzled then he put it all together. "Nooooooooo, I just knew I was going to cum really quickly," he said.

"And you did," I said with a giggle.

"Yeah, sorry," he said again looking very guilty.

"No worries," I said, "At least it wasn't on my face or in my mouth," I said grinning at him.

"Do you?" he asked leadingly.

I just smiled back at him. "I might show you later," I said.

I was absent-mindedly playing with him through his boxers and was surprised when I felt a reaction. I looked at him wondering if he was too sensitive or if he was up for round two already. I am being generous with calling it "round two," I was still very much owed round one, but I figured now wasn't the best time to be sarcastic. He smiled back at me and rolled onto his side as he kissed me. He stopped me shifting onto my side as well in a way that was dominant, but not forceful. Kneeling up he positioned between my legs and for the second time I was relieved of my panties. He had a good look before lowering his head down and licking me. "Oh fuck yes," I gasped as I felt his tongue caress my clit. He tried to push his tongue into me and although he did succeed and even taking into account how tiny I am there is no way that is getting me off. I let him try it for a while but gave him nothing in reaction hoping he would get the hint and go back to my clit. He didn't "A bit higher," I suggested as diplomatically as I could.

He stopped and went back to doing what felt awesome. He gently pushed a finger inside me and got into a rhythm as he licked and fingered me. "That feels so good," I whispered.

He looked up at me and I stared back at him as best I could. I lost focus a few times, my eyes refusing to cooperate with each other as they rolled around my head. "My turn," I said moaning softly as I rapidly rushed towards climax.

"Eh?" he asked and stopped licking me.

I grabbed his head and pushed him back between my legs again. "I am going to cum," I gasped.

The muscles in my tummy were pulsing as I lost control. My legs were tense and my breathing was random gasps as and when my body urgently needed oxygen. I could feel the tingle radiating from my pussy and heard myself squeal. He kept going and I was straight into a second orgasm. On my back with my legs wide open just letting him take me.

I could feel the bed shaking as he changed position and I looked down to see that he was also naked. I stared at his cock that was rigid between his legs and he looked bigger than he had felt. It took me a few seconds to work out that he was shaved. It looked good and it really does make things look bigger down there. He kissed up my body and our lips met. I tasted myself on his tongue as we kissed and I felt his cock rest between my legs. "Condom?" he asked.

"If you don't mind," I replied. Which was way more polite than my actual internal voice was. What I actually meant was, "Yeah you need a fucking condom. With all due respect, I don't know where you have been and you have no idea where I have been either."

He put one on and resumed where he left off only this time he didn't rest between my legs he penetrated me. "Mmmmmmmm yeah," I moaned as I felt him overcome my natural resistance and slide into me. I felt his balls push against me and it really is true. Size doesn't matter. Fuck it felt good.

We kissed while he held himself in me before he started to thrust into me. "Wow," he mumbled as he fucked me. I am not sure whether wow is an acceptable remark in this situation. "Will you cum again?" he asked me.

I looked up at him and could see he was way closer than me. I shook my head. "No," I said, "Cum in me." If he was going to last more than 2 minutes then yeah I would cum again and again and again, but there was no way he was going to. The condom didn't help, the feeling of him exploding inside me would likely make me cum, but not with a condom on.

He picked up the pace and started to grunt with each thrust. I waited and at that exact moment in time, my mind wandered to how much better sex had been with Hanna. Now don't get me wrong, he wasn't bad, and it was nice and all that. I have no real complaints and Hanna was in desperate need of owning a cock, but of the two, I would swap him for Hanna at that moment in time. "Oooh yeah," I said as I felt him fire inside me. My eyes lit up and I stared up at him. How much cum did this guy have? Fucking hell it felt like he was cumming forever and I wondered how much capacity a condom actually had.

He slowed down and stopped. Resting on me for a few seconds as I felt him going soft inside me. I was going to tell him to be careful when he pulled out as I was tight enough to peel the condom off on the way out and "oh dear, cum everywhere." He had clearly experienced the same though and removed with grace and no spills. I grinned at him and closed my legs protectively. Why do guys look at it when they have finished? Come on, surely no one wants to see actually inside it... or maybe they do.

At least there was no real wet patch to deal with and I twisted my legs around him so I could close them properly and curled up onto my side. "That was nice," I said. I instantly regretted the "nice" comment as I felt his ego would want a much higher compliment, but he seemed okay with nice.

He went to the bathroom and when he came back he got in bed with me. "Are you staying?" he asked.

I looked at him with my "are you fucking joking expression." I really need to work on hiding my internal thoughts. If he kicked me out after fucking me then to say that I would not be amused would be a massive understatement. I would be livid and would potentially get violent. Okay maybe not to that extent, but he would be off my Christmas card list. He saw my face and instantly got defensive. "You can. I was just checking. I want you to," he stammered.

"Yes I am staying," I replied with more than a hint of underlying venom. I am not sure if he didn't hear the underlying tone or if he just ignored it. I was more than a bit frosty for a few minutes, but I eventually got over myself, gave him a kiss, cuddled into him and went to sleep. When I woke up though I didn't wake him with a blow job, which I probably would have done had he not fucked me right off and not in a good way.

I refused breakfast as I had seemingly drunk more than I thought and felt a little delicate. I gave him a kiss and a cuddle before leaving. Walk of shame home in my dinner dress and stilettos. I caught the bus and got home around half 10. I let myself in and Mum was in the kitchen. "Hi love," she said, "Good night?"

"Yeah was okay," I said in a disinterested tone. My usual response was just a wry grin after I had had sex. She knew and I knew that she knew, but neither of us wanted to be discussing it in any sort of detail.

I went upstairs and closed my door before removing my dress in preparation for going for a shower. I heard footsteps on the stairs and waited to see where they were going before removing my panties. Moments later there was a tap on my door. "Who is it?" I asked. I was fairly sure that it would be Mum, but it is more than a little embarrassing to assume such a thing and invite your Dad or brother in when you are half-naked. Ever since she had to help me shower and stuff I was a lot more lax on nudity. I drew the line at total nudity, but underwear or even topless and I didn't bother if it was only Mum.

"Me," Mum said.

"Yeah, come in," I said as I held the dress over my chest to hide my modesty. Mum came in and looked at me. "Everything okay?" she asked looking at me concerned.

"Yeah, it was fine," I said. I have no idea why I was in such a shit mood. The sex was good, maybe good is generous, it was adequate, second try at least, and I had no complaints. Yeah, I lie, I had complaints, but if you average the entire evening it was awesome.

"Okay," she said looking me up and down, "If you want to talk I am always free," she said.

"Thanks," I said smiling at her. "It just wasn't.. yeah," I said.

"What you expected?" she offered to which I nodded. "In a bad way?" she asked.

"No, well, yeah, maybe," I said as I tied myself in a knot. "He was a bit... I dunno, just, it wasn't.. great," I said.

"It isn't always," she said with a shrug. Not dismissively, just matter-of-factly.

"Is it normal for him to be... er... early?" I asked.

She smiled at me as she knew what I meant. "|Yeah, sometimes," she said nodding. "Fucking annoying isn't it," she added with a grin.

"Yeah, just. I dunno," I said, "Disappointed I guess."

"Don't beat yourself up, not all sex is good," she said, "Did you use a..." she began.

I cut her off. "Yes," I said smiling at her.

"He didn't hurt you did he?" she asked.

"Oh, no, nothing like that," I said, "It was just..."

"Shit?" she finished for me with a smile.

"Not great," I corrected. "Anyway. Gonna grab a shower. Thanks, Mum."

"No prob," she said giving me a hug, "Do you want some brunch?"

"Please," I said.

I dropped my panties as soon as the door was closed and went for a shower. I took a little longer than was strictly necessary as I had a fair bit of sexual tension that needed releasing. I had a missed call from Hanna when I got back to my room so I sent her a text to say I was just getting lunch and then I would ring her back. I threw on a t-shirt and toyed with going downstairs with no underwear on. Exhibitionism is addictive, but even with a reasonably long t-shirt on it would have been closer to full-on flashing as opposed to a controlled risk of indecent exposure. I put some panties on and went downstairs. Mum eyed me as I walked in and made myself a bacon sandwich from the plate of cooked bacon that was on the side. "Your Dad is in the study," she said as she subtly suggested I should put some more clothes on.

"Uh-huh," I nodded as I tugged at the t-shirt to make sure it was as low as it could be. I pulled out a breakfast bar stool and sat on it. "Why is bacon so awesome?" I asked rhetorically.

"Any plans for today?" Mum asked after a few moments.

"Not really," I said, "You?"

"Shopping. If your Dad ever finishes work," she said.

I smiled at her. "Clothes shopping?" I asked to which she nodded. "Yeah he will be working all day," I said laughing. He hated clothes shopping.

"Yeah," she said standing up and poking her head out of the kitchen. "Carl, come on, we need to get going."

He did reply, but I couldn't hear the response. "I will go with you," I offered.

"I can't afford to take you clothes shopping," she said, "You are way too expensive."

The house phone rang and Mum went and answered it. I could hear her talking in the hallway so it wasn't one of those annoying calls at least. I finished my sandwich and poured myself a cup of strong coffee. Adding way too much sugar and plenty of milk I sat back on the stool again just as Mum came in. "Hanna," she said handing me the phone.

"Oh, ta," I said taking the phone off her. "Hey, sup?" I asked.

"Are you in?" she asked.

"Err, you rang me on the house phone... so... no, I am out," I replied sarcastically.

I could tell she rolled her eyes at me even though I couldn't see her. "Are you going anywhere?" she asked.

"Wasn't planning on it," I said.

"Sweet, on my way, see you in five, Dad said he would drop me off," she said.

"Awesome, bring vodka," I said.

"Obviously," she said, "See you soon."

She hung up and I placed the phone on the breakfast bar. I finished my coffee and got up to pour myself another one. "White," Mum said.

"Eh?" I said looking at her.

"I can see your panties," she said knowing that it was an argument that was pointless either of us having.

"At least I have some on," I replied.

"Not the point," she said, "I shouldn't be able to see them," she argued.

"Stop looking then," I replied. I was very pleased I had talked myself out of not wearing any.

"Just put clothes on when you aren't in your room," she said sounding exacerbated. I poured myself a second cup of coffee and took it back upstairs. I added some jeans and socks to my clothing tally. Hanna arrived and came upstairs. She didn't knock before she came in. I knew she was coming round, if I was stupid enough to be naked or misbehaving then that was my issue.

"Did you fuck him?" she asked. The first words that came out of her mouth.

"Hi, yeah, I am fine, you okay?" I replied.

"Yeah yeah yeah, did you fuck him?" she asked with a broad grin.

"Maybe," I replied coyly.

"Ooooo awesome, was it good?" she asked. I still need to work on my facial expressions being too easy to read. "Oh, no way. Was he shit?" she asked.

"Not great," I said honestly. "Like he was okay, but the conversation and meal were way better."

"That is a plus," she said, "He can learn to be better at sex, you can't teach personality," she added.

I laughed. She did have an awesome outlook on life and she did make a good point. "That is true," I replied.

"So what happened?" she asked.

"Well, he spunked in his boxers after a shit 10-second handjob," I said.

"Oh no fucking way," she said, "Really?"

"Yeah," I said nodding my head. "All over my hand."

"You shouldn't be so fucking cute," she said, "If I was a guy and you were whacking me off I would probably spunk in my pants as well," she said.

I laughed again at her. She was awesome. "And then once he had recovered he just hammered away at me for a couple of minutes and came again," I said.

"Condom?" she asked to which I nodded. "Yeah, shit sex is a whole lot better when there is no condom. At least the spunk makes you cum. Did you cum?" she asked.

"Yeah," I said, "He went down on me."

"Well then, not all bad," she said.

"Twice," I added with a wry smile.

"Stop your moaning then," she giggled, "You came as much as him," she added sticking her tongue out at me.

"Yeah... I... Just," I began. "The meal was so awesome, he was lovely and cute and funny and genuinely amazing, and then... that," I said.

"He was probably just nervous," she said, "He has fancied the arse off you for as long as you have known him and been legal. I bet you would be shit if Captain America rocked up and took you out."

"I bet I would still be able to lay on my back and open my legs," I said.

"You know what I mean," she said. "Give him another chance," she added.

"Yeah, I guess," I conceded.

"Does he at least have a big dick?" she asked grinning at me. She wasn't expecting an answer and it wasn't even a genuine question. Again though, my face needs to fuck off. "Oh no way, is he hung like a gnat as well?" she asked.

"No!" I said defensively, "Just... yeah... no."

She burst out laughing. "As long as he is big enough to get in, who the fuck cares. Easier to suck as well," she said. "Blow jobs are way easier with a small dick," she giggled.

"It felt nice, it was just..." I began.

"Shit," she finished for me.

"Shit would be harsh," I said.

"Wanna drink?" she offered.

About 30 minutes later Mum popped her head in and said that they were going shopping and they would see us later. They said they were getting takeaway for dinner and if we waited we could join them. One drink turned into two, then three then a fair amount. We were sober enough to participate in a Chinese take away though. They did offer for us to stay downstairs and watch a film with them, but as gross as it is they need time alone as well and I was fairly sure Saturday was sex night for them. Usually, both myself and my brother were out and they had the house to themselves and even if we weren't we were usually drunk enough to not care if they were a little "tappy" in the adjoining room.

We went back upstairs and continued the drinking. We had both slowed down as we were edging towards the drunker side of fairly drunk and were separating the drinks with water while simultaneously reducing the shot size of the vodka. It was assumed that Hanna would be staying over as her Mum and Dad will have had a bottle of wine between them by now and there was no way they would let her get a bus back on her own at this time of night. "Gonna get ready for bed," I said.

"Yeah, will just get a refill," Hanna said.

While she was gone I got sorted for bed. She came back in and placed my drink on the bedside table. "Milkshake I assumed?" she said. I nodded. I was okay with alcohol for now. "What are you wearing?" she asked.

"T-shirt," I said. Panties were just assumed.

"Can I borrow one?" she asked to which I just nodded.

She selected a t-shirt from my drawer, stripped to her panties and put the t-shirt on. She didn't bother turning away and I found myself looking at her bare breasts while she changed. I also noted and had a perv at her fairly see-through panties as well. She got in bed and we chatted. We heard it at the same time. A tap tap tap. We looked at each other and giggled. "Is that?" she said looking at me. I just nodded. "Ewwww, no way..." she said giggling.

"Yeah, ew," I said giggling. I turned the TV up a bit, but once you had heard it there was no unhearing it. We watched a rerun of Friends, but we both listened to my parents having sex. He really went for it at one stage and we all know when that was. He also lasted a lot longer than Andy did. I know I know, let it go, Sophie.

"Do you think he came in her?" Hanna asked mischievously.

"Don't wanna know," I replied looking at her. She was gross.

"Do you reckon she takes it up the bum?" she asked me.

"You are just so wrong," I replied.

"In her mouth?" she giggled, "Eww, she kisses you with that mouth."

"Just... no," I said, "Eww."

"Daddy cum lips," she giggled.

"You really are sick," I said pushing her, but giggling at the same time. "Anyway, I have kissed you," I retorted.

"Oooh yeah, a Mummy, Daddy, daughter, best mate foursome," she teased. She really did have the ability to take wrong to a whole new level.

I just shook my head in disbelief that she was even thinking these things. "Would you?" she asked.

"Would I what?" I asked.

"Have a threesome with them," she asked.

"Eww, no," I said staring at her. "Would you?"

"Fuck yeah," she said, "Your Mum is hot and your Dad sounds like he goes like a train."

I laughed, there wasn't really much else I could say to that. She knew how far she could take things and that was about as far as she could and it remain funny. "Need a wee," I said as I kicked the duvet off and went to the bathroom.

When I got back we turned the TV down and switched off the light. We were laying nose to nose quietly whispering to each other, Nothing sexy, just to keep the noise down as sound at night carries really easily and we didn't want to keep anyone awake. Neither of us started to doze off and the conversation went into the early morning. I heard Graham get back, fall upstairs and crash into his room.

She wriggled closer and I felt her body heat. She looked at me and then kissed me on the lips. I kissed her back then pulled back and looked at her. It felt like more than a just friend's kiss, but I wasn't sure. She was grinning at me and kissed me again. "Wanna cum?" she asked, barely any louder than a whisper. I felt her gently stroke her fingers across my panties and tease my clit through the thin material.

I opened my legs for her and she didn't need a second invitation. Her hand slid between my legs, moving my panties out of the way and stroking across my pussy. I moved my hand across to her and pushed her panties down. I slid my fingers between her legs and feeling her wetness I slid two fingers into her.

She pushed my panties down and we simultaneously wriggled out of them. We left our t-shirts on as we fingered each other. "That feels so good," she whispered.

I nodded in reply as we gently fingered each other. We kissed as we mutually masturbated each other. I wasn't going to last long. She knew how to get herself off and clearly, the same approach worked on me as well. Our breathing was laboured as we both neared climax. "Don't be loud," I whispered.

She nodded her head in reply. I pushed into her a little deeper and curled my fingers against the front of her pussy. Pushing fairly hard I rubbed against the wall of her vagina while my thumb teased her clit. I teased a third finger and I was a little surprised when she took it. "What?" she asked as she must have seen the surprise in my expression.

"That is three," I grinned at her.

"Yeah," she grinned. I felt her press at me a few times and after an initial pulse of discomfort, I suddenly felt a little fuller. "You too," she whispered.

I went to grab her hand as three fingers were fairly stretchy, but I never stopped her. Three felt really really nice at this pace and angle. Neither of us were urgently fucking each other. We were just teasing and stroking each other. Orgasm was coming for both of us, but neither of us were in a rush to get there. We kissed again and closed the gap between our bodies. Trapping our hands between us we went as deep as we could. Still slow and gentle, but very deep.

We were grinding our bodies together as we fingered each other, both of us getting closer to orgasm. "I am gonna cum," I whispered to her.

She nodded. "Me too," she said, "Go a bit quicker. Let's try and cum together."

My pussy was already pulsing on her finger as I picked up the pace in her. "Same depth, just faster," she said.

"I am cumming," I whispered.

She grabbed my hand and held it still as she started to have sex with my fingers instead of the other way around. My bed tapped a couple of times and with my free hand, I reached above my head to push against the headboard to stop it. "Oh fuck... yes," I whispered as I lost control of my body.

"Yes yes yes," she whispered back to me. Both of us stared into each other's eyes as we orgasmed. I think I was slightly before her, but not by much and it felt awesome. Being fingered is so much nicer than fingering yourself. We slowly came down from our climax and I moved my hand off the headboard. She looked up at where my hand was. "Oops, were we loud?" she asked.

"Nar," I said shaking my head, "Just a bit tappy," I added.

We had another kiss and a cuddle. "Sleep naked?" Hanna whispered.

I smiled at her and lifted my t-shirt up and off over my head so I was naked. She did the same and still laying nose to nose we fell asleep. I felt her wake up and manoeuvrer herself from our embrace. I opened my eyes and looked at her. "Soz," she whispered, "Wee," she said.

She got up and put on a t-shirt. I watched her walk towards the door. I checked the time and it was half 8. "You need some panties on at least," I said.

"Oh, do I?" she asked pulling the hem of the shirt lower.

"Yeah," I said smiling at her, "Nice ass though."

"Will people be awake?" she asked.

"Mum and Dad probably will be," I said, "Turn round," I said to her.

She did and looked at me. I grinned at her. "Yeah, you need panties on. No secrets," I giggled.

I opened my bedside drawer and grabbed some of my shorts. I threw them to her and she caught them. I pulled the duvet up over my head and went back to sleep. She came back, stripped naked and wriggled up against me again. We cuddled and dozed until lunchtime. I was only partially asleep and I could hear people moving around in the house. I heard my door open. "Oh, sorry girls," Mum said when she came in, "Aren't you supposed to be at work, Sophie?"

"Fuck," I said as I looked at the clock, "Fuck fuck fuck, yeah." We were also both very naked and not under the duvet. At least not fully anyway. Hanna was uncovered from the belly button-up and was on her back. I was fully uncovered but was on my side at least. I shuffled the duvet around so we were both decent.

"I will run you in," she said, "Be quick."

She closed the door and I got up and dressed quickly. Panties, bra, black skirt and a white blouse. "Sup?" Hanna asked.

"Work in like seven minutes," I said as I finished buttoning up my blouse.

"Hahaha, oops," she said.

I pushed my feet into my shoes and checked myself in the mirror. I would have to do. It was only a bar job and I could do make-up on the way. "See ya later," I said pulling the duvet back to reveal her face.

"Yeah, have fun," she said as she blew me a kiss.

I was only four minutes late which is fairly impressive. I went in and saw my boss looking pissed off. "Sorry," I said expecting at the very least a bollocking for being late. Again.

He just looked at me and then checked the time. "I will see you later. Emma is ill and Phil hasn't turned up. Go and help Alice," he said.

"Oh, okay," I said pleased that the attention was at least partially deflected away from my lateness. I was on my last warning for being late and generally not giving a shit. His words, not mine. I went straight behind the bar and joined Alice. I said hi to her and looked up and down the bar. It was fairly busy already. It was going to be a busy day. At least it would go quickly. "Who is next?" I asked. A guy put his hand up slightly and as no one objected I took his order.

The shift went ridiculously quickly. I didn't take a break, but that wasn't an issue. I quite enjoyed work. All the buzz of a night out, but you get paid to be there and as long as you don't take the piss you can have a drink or two through your shift. Phil didn't turn up so it was just the two of us for the day. It was a fairly nice bar though so even with the longer wait times for a drink there was no trouble.

Midnight came and went and as people were ushered out by the security staff we started to wipe down and help collect glasses. I checked my phone and there was just a message from Mum telling me to let her know when I wanted picking up and not to get a bus home on my own. I sat down with Alice and the other staff who had been working and treated myself to a free vodka and coke. The boss came out of his office and called me over.

He was a dick, he was known for being a dick. He could have helped us when we had been busy, not just stayed in the office and did "paperwork". I am sure paperwork is very important, but in my mind, he just played games on his phone and generally dicked around. I went into his office and closed the door.

"Your timekeeping is shit," he said as his opening line.

"But my people skills and cheery disposition are right on point," I replied with a cautious smile. This could go either way, it depended if he was in a good mood or not.

"I am going to have to let you go," he said.

"Oh come on, are you joking?" I said, "I was like four minutes late."

"And the last time? And the time before that? And that?" he said, "You are never on time," he added. He did make a good point. I had also told a customer to go and fuck themselves a couple of days ago as well as they were being a twat, but I figured reminding him of that wouldn't help my case.

I wished that he had sacked me at the start of the shift, at least I would have had the day free. I liked the job, but it was ultimately a minimum wage bar job and they were ten a penny. I did like it here though. "One more chance?" I said, but I knew it was pointless. Even if he gave me another chance I would be late again and we would be back here again soon enough.

"Sorry Sophie," he said.

"Yeah, whatever," I said. I held myself short of telling him to go and fuck himself, but it did cross my mind.

"If you really value your job you could..." he began and looked at me.

I was confused for half a second before it dawned on me what he was suggesting I did. I laughed out loud and in his face. "Yeah mate, how about no? I'm not sucking a dick for a minimum-wage bar job," I said still laughing at him. "Go and fuck yourself," I added with venom. It felt like a fitting suggestion at that stage as there was no way I was providing that service.

He looked stunned. Genuinely shocked that I hadn't leapt up and proceeded to suck his cock while thanking him for the opportunity. I wouldn't class myself as having too many conditions for having a dick in my mouth. When I am in a relationship I will do it purely for something to do if you get me in a good mood, but I do draw the line at doing it for a job.

I took my wages for the shift and left the office. "Been sacked," I shouted over to the group of staff, "See ya's," I added with a cheery wave and smile.

"No fucking way?" Alice said, "Seriously?"

"Yeah, bullshit," I said.

I sent Mum a text as I left the bar and waited outside. She was there really quickly and I got in. May as well tell her. "Got sacked," I said. "Lateness," I added.

"Oh Sophie," she said sounding genuinely disappointed in me.

"It is fine," I said dismissively, "There are loads of bar jobs," I added, but I did hate disappointing her.

She just looked at me with an expression that said she had so much to say but knew it would just cause an argument so she was biting her tongue. "I could have kept my job, but I wouldn't do what he suggested," I said. It took her a lot longer than it had taken me to cotton onto what he had requested and when she did she just stared at me. "Err, road," I said.

"Sorry," she said looking back to where she was going. "That is sick, he is like 50," she said looking back at me again.

"Yeah," I said, "Better off out," I added. It was a little manipulative to swing her around to my side and make him the bad guy. His reasons for sacking me were fair enough and I am sure I would have been sacked many times over had I not been attractive, young and good with the customers. Probably in that order of importance as well.

We drove for a few minutes in silence. Well, just listening to the radio. "Oh, sorry for not knocking earlier," she said.

"No prob," I said as I messed with my phone. I had forgotten about that.

"I didn't realise that you would be naked," she said. She was fishing for information and I looked at her wondering how she would react. I would still claim that I wasn't into girls, but I had now had sex with a girl twice. Twice isn't a drunken curious mistake, twice is a "that was ace, let's do it again," sort of deal.

"Yeah, sorry," I said. I wasn't really sure what to say.

"No need to be sorry, I will knock in future," she said. I did wonder why knocking first anyway wasn't the go-to approach, but I let it go.

"Thanks," I said.

She didn't say anything for a while, but I could feel she was waiting to say something. "It is... er, it is fine if you are..." she began, "You know. Into girls," she eventually managed to say.

"I'm not," I said looking at her. "Well, I guess I kind of am a bit, but nothing serious." I realise how much of a slut that makes me sound. It was true though.

I could tell that my response had taken her by surprise a bit. Not me being a slut, I assume she didn't see it like that or just accepted that I was a teenager and sex was the most recent and greatest thing I have discovered. She was surprised because there was still the option that we had just slept naked as we were hot, she wasn't expecting me to practically admit that we had been having sex. "She is nice," she said, "I have always liked Hanna."

I smiled at her. "I am not into girls," I said, "It is just... nice." I was going to say that it was just like masturbating. It was closer to being relaxing as opposed to sex if that makes sense, but I didn't want to admit to Mum that I masturbated. Silly I know. She knows that I do and I know that she knows that I do, but neither of us want the details. I am 99% sure she does it, but I really don't wanna know for sure.

We got home and I got out. We went inside and Dad was still up. "Hi love," he said, "Good shift?"

"Got sacked," I said matter-of-factly.

He looked at me and just before he was about to comment he saw Mum who just shook her head. He looked back at me and shrugged. "Is that a good shift?" he asked.

"Tips were decent," I said. "What are you drinking?" I asked as I saw a glass on the table.

"Apple juice," he said, "Someone had to stay sober to pick up a certain daughter and it is a little sad drinking on your own," he said.

"Oh, okay," I said. If it was alcohol I would have joined him, but I wasn't bothered with apple juice. "Gonna go to bed then, night," I said.

"Night love," he said.

"Night," Mum said.

I went upstairs and took off my makeup. I went to the bathroom then went back into my room and stripped naked. I sent Hanna a text. "You awake?" I asked.

"Yeah," she sent back instantly.

I got under the duvet and cuddled it around my neck before I Face Timed her and we chatted into the early hours. She was also in bed and naked. Although we asked each other fairly early on in the conversation what we were wearing, it was never suggested we get naked on camera. I was gutted I had been sacked. It was dawning on me. I loved that job. Yeah, the boss was a dick, but the staff were ace and we always had a laugh. I guess that is consequence though.

I walked into another job that was just around the corner. It was a much larger company and it was less of a drinking bar and more of a gastro one, but it was okay and the people were nice. It wasn't as good as my last job, but I made a point of being on time for it. The boss also wasn't a dick, he was actually nice.

I plucked up the courage to go cycling again and it was a little awkward with Andy as neither of us had texted each other since we had had sex. I guess that says everything you need to know. He was firmly placed in the friend zone and he seemed okay with that. He was just lovely. He was the personification of that overly-used statement "as long as you are happy I am happy." He genuinely was happy if was happy.

The texts started slowly, but after a few weeks, we were texting as friends. I genuinely liked hearing from him and it did make my day when he messaged. I could sit in a bar with him all night and just chat with him. He was like a best mate. I am fairly sure he hated being friend-zoned, but I just didn't see him in a sexual way. I did miss him when he didn't text for a few days though.

"Oh my God, just go out with him again," Hanna said.

"Who?" I asked looking at her confused.

"Andy," she said, "You have mentioned him a million times. You luuuuurve him. Go and fuck him. Do it a lot and he will get better," she said.

"I don't," I said defensively.

"Yeah, of cause you don't," she said sarcastically. I had mentioned him a lot. "Invite him out at the weekend," she said.

"What, to the bar?" I asked.

"Yeah, why not?" She said, "I wanna meet him. I will wear my judge's hat and judge him. I will judge him good. See if he is good enough for you."

"I dunno," I said.

"There will be loads of us," she said, "Give him the friends test. Then you can decide if it is worth teaching him how to fuck you properly."

"He wasn't that bad," I said defensively.

"He came in your hand and then spunked in you in less than two minutes," she said grinning. "If he can't make you cum by fucking you then he is shit. You orgasm if you just look at a cock for long enough."

"Fuck off," I mumbled. She was right. Well no, she wasn't. He wasn't that bad. She had won this one though and I had to concede. "I will ask him."

"Halle-fucking-lujah," she said. "Your round," she said handing me her empty glass.
