Biarritz And Bare It
by Biggalute

Biarritz And Bare It Pt. 01

An author in need of inspiration.

This is a slightly different one from me. It's a small part factual and many parts fictional and wishful thinking. Let me know what you think x

Hi, I'm Lance 'Biggalute' Slambetter, a forty two year old self employed IT consultant and this is my story.

I've been single since my divorce four years ago. Even though we had no kids, the divorce was still messy and I promised myself a mid-life crisis when I was forty, you know the sort of thing, buy a sports car, get a much younger girlfriend, act like an even bigger prick than normal.

As it turned out for my fortieth I, along with the rest of the world, got a global pandemic. I survived it better than many, becoming very busy helping companies and individuals transition to remote working and also, thankfully, never getting sick.

I've always had a vivid and somewhat over active imagination and during the soulless and sexless last few years of my marriage I took to reading, and then writing, erotic fiction. It's a hobby I still enjoy, until recently. I've run out of ideas, no little snippets of smut worming their way into my brain for me to turn into titillating novella's or short stories. At first I didn't really notice but now it was starting to bother me, no sexy scenarios or ridiculously horny characters to daydream about. I missed them.

Why had it happened and what could I do about it? No idea, but I'd been feeling unfulfilled and stagnant in my life, maybe that was it. I needed a change, a break and maybe some inspiration.

I had no new work lined up that I knew of and so made a snap decision, I was going to Biarritz. I'd never been there but had heard and read about it. I was looking forward to sun, beaches, good food and the chance to improve my schoolboy French

It was early September and there seemed plenty of apartments available, I saw one I liked and messaged the owner, booking it for two weeks and letting them know I might be interested in staying longer if that was possible.

It was a lovely studio apartment with a balcony and a sea view, a hundred meters from the beach and a very walkable mile from the centre of town. The owner met me with the keys and explained about the local amenities and the beaches. He was a local and it seemed they all surfed, most of the info he gave me was about which were the best beaches for it.

I settled in really quickly, finding the people very friendly and relaxed. They were Basques and saw themselves as different from the rest of France, not hurrying or stressing about things. The food was great if a bit expensive and there was a great vibe about the whole place.

The mornings were cool but the afternoons glorious. I spent the first two days happily sunbathing and people watching, one of my favourite activities. There were all sorts, surfers, families, beautiful women. It was all so natural and relaxed, many of the women being topless and bathing or walking around the beach, no one batting an eyelid. I still hadn't any inspiration for my sexy stories but I was worrying less, just enjoying the change of pace and the beautiful location.

I love the beach and sun bathing but don't have the flexibility in my lower back to lay on my front for any period of time, instead getting up and walking along the water's edge, the wonderful heat of the sun feeling glorious on my skin. The beaches seemed to go on for miles but I stayed on the same one those first two day. I also realized that I couldn't reach some areas of my back to apply lotion and had to be careful not to get burnt.

The beaches of Biarritz are very well appointed with lots of café's, toilettes and paths above the beaches making access easy even when the tide is in. On the third day I bought a surfer-dude style loose vest to cover the bits of my back I couldn't reach and set off to walk as far as I could, knowing I would eventually reach another small town and could get a bus back if I wanted.

The day was even warmer than the previous and even though it was midweek there were already a good smattering of people on the beach. The second beach was a bit smaller and seemed to have more surfers on, many who seemed quite experienced and I enjoyed standing awhile and watching them. At the far end there were cliffs and large rocks jutting out into the sand and until I got closer I wasn't sure if I'd be able to get round them. There was probably twenty feet between the rocks and the sea and I imagine that it would be impassable at high tide, although I later saw access to the beach via a path.

As I passed the rocks the beach opened up again and I could see that this bit of beach was even more deserted, there being more large boulders on the beach than people. About fifty yards ahead of me I could see a couple standing up to their knees in the water. As I got closer I could see that the man was naked and bending as if rinsing something in the water. The woman had a t-shirt on. Looking around the beech some more, there were probably 20-25 people, most bathing further up the beach, closer to the cliffs.

Closer to the couple I could see they were both deeply tanned, the man all over. The ladies t-shirt finished mid buttock, giving a delectable glimpse of her lower ass cheeks. The man straightened and as I passed they both turned and smiled and nodded hello. I smiled back and walked on smiling happily to myself, pretty certain that I had come upon a nudist beach.

Looking further up the beech I could see only one other person close to the sea, a naked, big titted fat woman who stood looking out to sea. I know I purport to be an author and should probably come up with a more eloquent description than big titted and fat, but that's what came to my mind.

As I got closer I could see she had her palms turned out and shoulders back, her eyes closed as if worshipping the sun. Slowing my walk so as not to disturb but also to stare more, I could see she was again evenly tanned and actually wasn't fat, more just hippy and apple shaped. Her boobs were quite large and the act of her shoulders being back gave them a look of being offered to the sun. Her dark tan made it hard to guess her age but I guessed at something close to my own.

I really didn't want to disturb her and passed as quietly as I could, struggling not to stare but failing. I felt enticed and aroused by her. I didn't see her open her eyes but she must have known I was there. As I walked on I was glad no one was close to the water's edge as my body gave away obvious signs that I was thinking about her.

At this stage, having described other people, it's only fair that I describe myself. I'm tall and broad and although I enjoy exercise it's fair to say that I'm built more for comfort than speed. As for my own appendages, well that was one of the few things my ex-wife never complained about.

I reached the end of the beach and was tempted to turn around but decided to carry on, finally reaching a town called Bidart where I stopped to eat. What I had I couldn't tell you, my mind was full of the nudist beach and of the sun worshipping goddess.

I had often sunbathed naked in my own back garden and loved it, but I had never done it on a beach or with people I didn't know. Sitting there I knew I would be visiting that beach the next day.

Biarritz, being on the Atlantic coast of France and near the Pyrenees can get a fair amount of rain, especially out of the height of the season. I can't begin to describe how disappointed I was the next day when it was cloudy and then rainy. It was stupid, but I just was. I spent the rainy day reading up on nudist beach etiquette and if I'm honest, watching porn of people shagging on beaches. I was also consoled by the forecast that said tomorrow would be warm and sunny.

I got to the beach around the same time I'd been there two days earlier, deciding again to walk along the other beaches first rather than the paths. I think there were probably fewer people there and no one by the sea shore. Almost sheepishly I made my way upwards towards the cliffs, it seemed to be mainly couples and I wondered if the couple who had smiled at me the other day were there. I saw no sign of my sun goddess and it dawned on me for the first time that she may be part a couple. An initial pang of disappointment passed as I realized that I was being silly and that myself being naked in the sun and sea would be wonderful and seeing her would be a nice bonus.

I laid out my towel and got myself comfortable before slathering myself in lotion. It's a strange but somewhat enjoyable feeling to be massaging lotion into your cock and balls in public with other bathers nearby.

The sun was glorious and whilst definitely having an arousing effect it wasn't as bad as I feared, my dick feeling full but only rising to half-mast. I watched a few people walk in and out of the sea and was tempted. This was a big step for me, fuck it! I was going to do it. I'm always nervous about leaving valuables on a beach but just couldn't imagine anything going missing on this beach. As I stood up the couple nearest me looked up and smiled, I smiled back and pointed to my gear and they raised their hand signaling that they'd keep an eye on it.

My first few steps were hesitant but then I strode purposefully to the water's edge, stopping for a few moments and enjoying the sun on my whole body before running into the water, dick flapping madly as I did so.

It was wonderful; I splashed and swam, feeling as happy and contented as I could remember. I'm a good swimmer and put my head down and swam madly, the feeling of my naked body in the water was just incredible. Out of breath I realized I had swam out further than I intended. Treading water for a while before heading back in gave me a whole new view of the beach. It was spectacular, the golden sand and the cliffs above, a few large boulders thrown in for good measure.

I swam back in far more leisurely and as I came to where I could stand up I saw my sun goddess standing in almost the same position, feet slightly apart, shoulders back. I was looking directly at her and she was looking back. I would be walking past her to get to my towel, unless I chose to swim along further, which I didn't want to do.

Each step I took exposed more of my body but I didn't care, enjoying the water dripping off my body and feeling emboldened and free. The cold water hadn't shrunk me too much and I was glad, I wanted her to see me, to admire me the way I'd admired her.

She looked at me the whole time and I found myself looking straight back, rather than avoiding her gaze as I imagined I would. I could swear she had a little grin or smirk on her face. When she spoke I almost jumped in shock, "C'est merveilleux."

I racked my brains, I think it meant 'It's wonderful' I guessed she was talking about the sun and the sea and being naked rather than me, but I could dream. Again racking my brain I said "Oui c'est le cas." Which I hoped was 'Yes it is'.

I was a few feet to her left and without really thinking about it I just stopped, turned around and faced the sea, adopting a similar pose to her as I felt the sun gently drying my skin.

Her eyes were now closed and I closed mine but kept sneaking a quick peek, she still had a smile on her face.

I stood there gently daydreaming, the warmth of the sun making my body relax and my mind wonder. What with the heat and whatever was going through my mind I felt aroused and vibrant; sexual, sensual and alive.

I sensed a movement and heard her speak although I didn't understand what she'd said. She started to walk away and then turned her head to look at me, almost quizzically. I wasn't one hundred percent sure but I think I was meant to follow her.

We made our way back up the beach and I tried my best to look around me rather than at her fine rump of an ass that jiggled delightfully with each step she took in the sand. We were heading a good bit to the right of where my towel was but the couple who had been keeping an eye on it raised their hands as if to say everything was ok, big grins on both their faces.

I was only a few feet behind her and couldn't help but admire her more closely. She was solid but had great tone, her dark tan and the gleam of perspiration on her skin making the striations of muscle clearly visible on her back and on her legs. I imagined myself tracing the muscles of her back down to her ass, massaging her glutes and.. Stop this! I was naked in public and about to make a show of myself. There was nowhere to hide and I tried to think of anything but her butt, only half succeeding.

Ahead of us was a younger lady sat on a towel looking at us. She was sat up, cross legged and topless, a light sarong type garment over her legs. That seemed to be where we were headed. My goddess stopped and started talking, the younger lady looking up at me and laughing before replying. I had basic French but they were talking quickly and I think in a dialect. I had no idea what they were saying, instead just standing there bollock naked and trying not to feel stupid as the beautiful young woman stared at me. A few more quick words and giggles passed between them before my goddess half turned so she was facing me, her eyes taking in every inch of me, my dick twitched and I found myself swallowing as if I had a lump in my throat.

Laughing again, the younger lady said, in almost perfect English "My mother says you were staring at her the other day." I was mortified and a bit shocked but before I could blush or apologize, she continued "it's ok, she's a beautiful woman and likes being stared at."

I still didn't know what to say, mumbling some sort of sorry, my discomfort seeming to amuse both of them and me eventually giving up and smiling with them.

"My mother would like you to join us for lunch."

"That would be wonderful, thank you." Not being sure of what the situation was I wondered if I should run back and get my phone so that I would be able to pay for the lunch, I needn't have worried. Her daughter stood up and turned, tying the sarong around her waist, allowing only a brief glimpse of her wonderfully smooth and pert bum as she did so. We watched her walk towards the cliffs where in the shade they had a large cooler box which seemed heavy as she picked it up. I moved to help her but her mum stopped me, signaling for me to sit down on one end of the towel, facing the cliffs with my back to the sea. I felt self conscious and wondered how to sit, could you be eloquent when naked? I sort of plumped down on my ass and sat cross legged and a bit hunched over. This seemed to amuse her even more as she effortlessly squatted down, drawing my eyes immediately to her spread open pussy, before swishing her legs to the side in one smooth movement, leaving her sort of twisted but perfectly upright and balanced, her shoulders again back and her boobs pointed at me.

I gave a 'as if only I could' wry smile before nodding and saying "tres bien" or "very good"

She affected a slight coyish look, before giving up the pretence of modesty as her eyes lit up and she smiled widely, obviously proud of her body and her agility and the little show she'd just put on.

The spell was broken by the huffing and puffing of her daughter struggling with the box, still close to the cliffs. Without thinking and without being stopped I jumped up and went to help her, oblivious to my quite pronounced semi hard-on bouncing around the place. She offered to take one of the handles but seemed glad when I took the whole thing, walking beside me and blatantly looking me up and down, even slowing so she could look at the back of me. Not able to help myself I flexed one ass cheek then the other, causing her to giggle. It seemed perfectly ok to stare so when she was beside me again I looked down at her pert little tits, the dark nipples hard and pointed. She saw me staring and stuck her chest out even more, as if to say 'there, have a good gawk.'

This openness and relaxed attitude to the human body was both shocking and incredibly refreshing and even though I didn't even know their names, or they mine, I just knew we would be friends.

I don't know what was in the cooler box but it was fairly heavy and I was pleased when we reached the towels.

I put it down and went to open it but the daughter told me to stop, "You are our guest, you sit down, I'll prepare the lunch."

I sat back down and the mother beamed at me as we both watched. As the daughter spoke English and I spoke a little French it might seem strange that we hadn't even exchanged names, but we just hadn't, I knew we would talk more over lunch.

There were cheeses, cold meats, bread and every type of condiment. Water, red and white wine, all in glass bottles.

"Do you always bring so much to the beach?"

"No not always, but you never know who you might meet. My mother had a feeling you would be here today."

"Wow." I didn't know what to say. "What is your mother's name and what's yours?"

"I'm Amelia and my mother is Beatrice."

"Beautiful names, I'm Lance."

"Why did your mother think I'd be here today?"

They spoke in French for a few sentences, laughing and obviously deciding what to say, I didn't mind even if they told me a lie, I was enjoying just watching them.

"I don't know if this is the correct English but women are use to be stared at, but she says your stare felt different. There was lust but also love. Do you understand?"

I certainly wasn't expecting that. "Your English is very good and yes I understand. Please tell your mother that I've spent the past two days thinking of her as a goddess." I don't know exactly why I said this, it was the truth but I wouldn't normally say such things.

Amelia's eyes went wide and she smiled and giggled before translating. I think Beatrice was shocked and I couldn't read her reaction, I felt panic kicking in and raised a toast to break the silence, taking a big gulp of my red wine to settle my nerves. Beatrice licked the wine from her lips very sexily, at least I thought so, before replying and laughing.

"My mother says she is a goddess."

We all laughed and I raised another toast, 'I'll drink to that.'

Lots of questions followed, was this my first time in Biarritz? Was this my first time on a nudist beach? Was I married? Yes, Yes and No.

"My mother has been a nudist her whole life and says you make a very good nudist, you love the human body and are happy in your own body."

I'd never really thought about it but told her I thought she was right, at least once I got over my English hang-ups. We drank and talked some more, me finding out that Amelia's father had left when she was young and that Beatrice had never remarried, despite many offers. She was a strong woman and liked doing her own thing and didn't need a man telling her what to do. I nodded and smiled in agreement. She then told me she was twenty three and her mother forty five. I told them my age and about being divorced.

What with the wine and the talking I had forgotten that there were certain parts of me that had no sunscreen on until I felt a tingling on my back. I explained this and they both looked concerned, Beatrice standing up a little unsteadily before brazenly bending into the cooler box to retrieve some lotion, her ass cheeks going taught and separating, allowing me an incredible up-close view of her pussy and asshole, Amelia just smirking at my lustful gaze and rigid erection that I was no longer able to hide.

Beatrice straightened and turned, squinting at the tube of cream and allowing my eyes to wonder from her trimmed crotch up to her wonderful, pendulous boobs, the nipples now more erect and looking so fucking suckable. I don't think my tongue was hanging out but she obviously knew I was staring at her and didn't seem to mind, I think actually enjoying it, taking her time reading the lotion and slowly undoing the cap before smiling and signaling for me to turn around.

She knelt and started massaging the cold lotion into my back which, to my loved up and wine'd up brain, felt incredibly sensuous. From my middle back she continued slowly up to my shoulders, massaging the muscles before pulling me closer to her until I felt her boobs touching my back. I had my eyes closed and don't know what Amelia thought of this but Beatrice had stopped moving her hands and was deliberately rubbing her boobs and nipples on my back, little sighs and whimpers escaping her lips as she did so.

Suddenly Beatrice stopped massaging my back with her tits and spoke to Amelia, both of them bursting out laughing.

"Mum says we should all go into the sea to swim and to pee."

Beatrice put her hands on my shoulders and pushed herself upright, her boobs banging against my head as she did so. Gone was the elegant athlete of earlier, she was definitely a bit tipsy. Amelia was more balanced and with one pull she undid the knot of her sarong, the material falling to the ground to reveal her beautiful young body. I was sat looking up at two incredibly sexy, naked women and just couldn't help myself but smile. I think they got it and smiled back.

There was nothing for it but to stand up. I did so and immediately shrugged my shoulders and pulled a 'I'm sorry face' Their eyes following mine as I looked down at my ridiculous dick sticking out rigidly like a flag pole. Amelia giggled but Beatrice just stared for a few moments longer before taking my hand and leading me down to the water. We walked slowly and passed closer to other bathers than we had before, as if Beatrice wanted them to see us. I didn't mind and found I enjoyed them looking at me.

Amelia was ahead of us and the sight of her gorgeous young ass and Beatrice gently caressing the inside of my wrist as we walked had me still pretty hard when we reached the water. I gave another silly grin and Beatrice smiled almost wickedly as she bent and scooped up some very cold water, splashing it at my groin, this was followed by another and we were soon in a splashing contest, Beatrice losing balance and landing on her butt as she tried to kick some water at me. I sat down beside her in the water, our hips touching, holding hands again, this felt so right.

"Pipi." (Pee) She said and I nodded. I was still peeing when she let go of my hand and put her hand in the water between my legs, giggling girlishly as my pee hit her hand. I laughed and smiled at her. Our faces came closer together and I knew we were going to kiss, a wave of sensations surging through me as her lips touched mine.

"Stop that you two, we have to go soon." Amelia had swum back to us and laughed as she stood up and saw us kissing. She really was stunning, completely at ease as she stood naked in front of us. I watched transfixed as a water droplet traced its way down her flat abdomen, along the groove of her groin and into the valley of her smooth, shaven pussy.

Beatrice's hand was still between my legs and she started to rub my dick, it felt wonderful but the whole situation was bizarre, maybe a bit too bizarre for me. I was watching Amelia and she had an annoyed look on her face as she saw her mum begin to wank me. They began to have cross words and I lifted my leg to gently move Beatrice's hand away from me.

Eventually Amelia said, "I think my mother is a little drunk. It is ok for you to look at me but it is wrong for her to do that in public. That should be done in privacy."

"I'm sorry, I think we just got a little carried away."

A few more words that I couldn't follow passed between them until Amelia's mouth dropped open, her face a mix of disbelief and embarrassed smile, her eyes alive with mischief as she listened to her mother. Eventually, trying to hold back laughter, she said, "My mother says she is not drunk and wants to take you home and fuck you."

It was my mouths turn to drop open. My mind was a whirl, not helped by two pairs of eyes staring at me and Beatrice's hand back between my legs. The cock driven side of my brain was saying, 'cor, yeah, go for it' whilst the sensible side of my brain was saying 'this is all too much, too soon'.

Somehow I managed to string a sentence together, "Please tell your mother that I think she is a very beautiful and sexy woman, unlike anyone I've ever met. I would love to make love with her but think we should get to know each other better first."

Amelia nodded at me and started to translate this to her mother. Beatrice answered, laughing at the end, her hand squeezing my balls gently as she did so.

Poor Amelia looked mortified and I found myself grinning stupidly at this whole mad situation. I was sat naked in the sea next to a beautiful naked woman who was massaging my balls whilst her wonderful and equally naked daughter was stood in front of us translating.

Amelia was struggling to find words and was blushing. Beatrice spoke again, urging her on. "I'm sorry I've never known my mother behave like this. She seems quite certain and serious about what she wants. She says making love will come later but now she just wants to fuck."

Amelia's face was turning from embarrassment to anger as she continued, "I have to leave now to collect my daughter from school. My mother would normally come with me and I would then drop her home. Do you want to go to her house or to your house to fuck."

Amelia looked as if she might start crying and her feelings and the position her mother was putting her in were having an effect on me also. I stood up and took the hand that had been between my legs, helping Beatrice to her feet. In my best French I apologized to Amelia and said 'later, I promise' to Beatrice, kissing her gently and lovingly on the forehead as I did so.

I think she understood because she had a slightly embarrassed smile on her face. She put her hand out to Amelia and pulled her in for a hug, saying "Désolé, Désolé" or 'sorry, sorry' repeatedly. It was very emotional and they both had tears in their eyes when they broke the embrace.

I'm sure there was more than just mine and Beatrice's behavior involved in their emotions but as we made our way back to the towels everything seemed ok again, both of them holding my hand as we walked up the beach.

I headed to my towel and dressed quickly so I could get back and carry the cooler box. When I got there Amelia was dressed but Beatrice was still nude, probably deliberately. She put her arms around my neck and said 'thank you' in English and then kissed me, her body pressing into mine. Feeling the inevitable swell in my shorts she broke the embrace, a satisfied grin on her face. Amelia just stood shaking her head and smiling.

Beatrice put on a loose beach dress that came to mid thigh, very thin and light and doing little to hide her nakedness underneath. It was quite a hike up to the top of the cliffs to where their car was parked and they both had a good laugh at me trying to be manly and carry the box the whole way on my own.

We chatted away and as we got to the car I was nervous as to when I would see them again. With nothing else coming to my mind I asked whether I could take them out to dinner that night. They spoke and Amelia asked me whether I meant just her mother. I said I'd like to take them both out and also Amelia's husband and child if they wanted to come. She said she'd separated from her boyfriend six months earlier but if we could eat at seven when the restaurants opened then it would be possible for her daughter to come also.

They lived in Bayonne, a city very close to Biarritz and they wrote down the name of the restaurant where we would meet. They offered me a lift but I decided to walk to my apartment, my mind a haze of confusion and excitement.

The day, and meeting Beatrice and Amelia, had been like nothing I could have ever possibly imagined. I'd found their openness about their bodies and nudity initially shocking but then wonderful. Amelia was a joy to be with, she was fun, a little flirty and her confidence shone through. Beatrice was a bit wild and as much as I was attracted to her I didn't know if I was able for her. The language issue was a problem, although I hadn't really tried to speak to her, Amelia always jumping in and translating. As I reached my apartment I had my head a bit more sorted out. Stop over analyzing and worrying, I'd come to Biarritz for a change and I'd just go with the flow, be myself and enjoy the journey.

I arrived quite early which was a mistake, restaurants in France are quite strict with their opening times and this one wouldn't be open for another thirty minutes. I took the opportunity to walk around the narrow medieval streets. The buildings were amazing, some of them hundreds of years old but still seven stories high, a vibrant living mishmash of colours, noise and smells.

Returning to the restaurant I was greeted by Beatrice, Amelia and her daughter coming towards me. Beatrice and Amelia greeted me in the French way by pecking on the cheeks, whilst Lili, Amelia's daughter, looked very serious as she shook my hand, gripping as hard as she could with her little hand which made me smile.

Amelia and Lili were wearing sun dresses and Beatrice was wearing well fitted linen trousers and a white blouse emphasizing her wonderful curves. The ensemble finished off with a beautiful necklace that drew one's eyes to the tiniest glimpse of cleavage.

Lili was five and like a mini me, both in looks and in her mother's confidence. She had reasonable English and spoke to me the whole time, asking questions and telling me all sorts, like that her dad was English, he'd moved back to England but phoned her every second day and would be visiting soon. They allowed her to speak without shushing her which I thought was great and I found her delightful, the only awkward moment being when she asked if I was her grandmére's boyfriend. I smiled and Amelia pulled a face at her before explaining it to Beatrice, who just shrugged nonchalantly as if 'he should be so lucky', which caused Lili to giggle.

As we were finishing desert Amelia said she'd have to take Lili home as she had school in the morning, did we all want to finish up or would me and Beatrice stay on longer. In my best French and hoping Beatrice would understand I said I'd love to stay longer and talk with Beatrice. By the smile on her face I knew she understood.

We said our goodbyes and Lili again shook my hand before jumping up into Beatrice's arms and kissing her before showing her her crossed fingers as if wishing her luck, which was both funny and charming.

We had had wine with the meal and when Amelia and Lili had left Beatrice said 'Digestif' to which I nodded. She spoke to the waiter and two large, warming brandies were brought to the table. I felt like a teenager, the two of us sat there smiling sillily, not sure of what to say or in my case how to say it.

Trying to keep it simple I thanked Beatrice for an amazing day and said I wanted to get to know her more, I hoped that's what I said. As if in answer she took my hand and pulled me closer, kissing me just hard enough so that I knew she meant it.

She broke the kiss and looked deep into my eyes, deep into my soul and kissed me again, harder this time. We were still in the restaurant but no one seemed to care, this was France. Breaking the embrace she said 'You're welcome'. It was heavily accented but definitely English.

Her eyes lit up with delight at the surprised look on my face. "You speak English?"

"A little, but you're in France and should speak French." I nodded and couldn't help but laugh and smile.

We were holding hands across the table and I could feel her leg brushing lightly against mine. Nearly in English but stopping myself, I said in French, "Shall we leave?" Beatrice smiled and nodded.

She lived about a fifteen minute walk from the restaurant and it was a beautiful evening as we walked along the river holding hands, Beatrice pointing out land marks along the way, the market, the cathedral, beautifully lit in the distance.

As we reached her house an elderly neighbour across the street walking his dog shouted a greeting and blew a kiss, Beatrice waving and blowing a kiss back, a grin on her face as she squeezed my hand harder before putting her key in the lock. She lived in a modern town house and I was really nervous as I entered, not knowing exactly what was going to happen and not wanting to fuck it up. She offered me a drink but I said no, instead taking her hand again and kissing her. In my head I'd imagined us tearing each other's clothes off but this kiss was slow and ever so sensual, my knees almost buckling as sensations surged through me.

I'd always thought of myself as quite assertive but as Beatrice broke our kiss and led me upstairs I was like a puppy dog following my owner. Her bed was in the centre of the room, a few feet from the window through which a street light dimly lit the room. To the left of the window was a small armchair with clothes thrown over the back of it. Beatrice kissed me gently before pushing me back to sit in the armchair, leaning over, kissing me again and then whispering in English 'I'm a goddess'.

Beatrice took a step back so that she was in front of the window, the lamplight casting alluring shadows as it gently illuminated her. Ever so slowly, her eyes never leaving mine, she began to undress. Not able to help myself I wondered if she often got undressed in front of the open window. I thought she probably did and I didn't mind, it was who she was. I also thought the elderly neighbour across the road wouldn't mind either.

It wasn't a striptease as such but it was the most incredibly sexy thing I'd ever fucking seen. Each button of her blouse seemed to take an age to undo, her white lacy bra making her amazing boobs look even more magnificent, her nipples hard and pointing at me as she slowly removed the bra. She undid her trousers and with a wiggle and a smile let them fall to the floor revealing her naked snatch. Without thinking or planning I dropped to my knees and buried my head in her groin, lapping greedily at anything my tongue could touch.

Beatrice widened her legs and from her groans and the way she held my head I thought I must be hitting the right spot. She dropped to her knees, our heads level, her eyes filled with mischief, a teasing little smirk on her lips. She knelt higher and held one breast to my mouth as if to suckle on. I knew she was teasing me but I didn't mind, smiling before taking the boob and suckling hard and hungrily, Beatrice moaning and caressing the back of my head as I did so. I switched to the other one and then felt an overwhelming urge to do something very un-baby like.

I stood up and in one movement I dropped my pants and trousers, my dick pointing directly at Beatrice's face. She pretended to be shocked before the most wickedly sexy grin I have ever seen crept across her face, her tongue darting out and touching my dick, making it and me jump. She didn't open her mouth, instead planting light, gentle kisses around my exposed sensitive gland, my involuntary moans and movements making her giggle.

I was torn between the desire to fuck her wildly and the need to kiss every part of her, paying homage to my goddess. I stood her up and held her tightly, the heat of our bodies blending and her skin feeling incredible touching mine. Beatrice's hand found my balls and she squeezed as if 'I've got you'.

I loved the sensation but this was becoming a game of wills. It might be fun to let Beatrice have her way but at that moment I wanted to win. I turned her around and pulled her close, one hand grabbing a tit and the other in her crotch, my fingers flicking at her clit causing her head to go back and Beatrice to swear loudly in French.

Not able to help myself and with the dirty side of my brain coming out, I maneuvered us so that Beatrice was right in front of the window, looking out at whoever was looking in. She obviously didn't mind as she moaned louder and pushed back harder, my achingly hard dick wedged between her gloriously plump ass cheeks. I wondered if I could enter her, I squatted a little and the pushed up, Beatrice's hand immediately pushing my hand out the way and guiding my dick to her opening.

As I half squatted and started to push slowly into Beatrice I found myself smiling and saying a silent prayer to the gym gods, thankful that my legs weren't buckling or cramping. My reverie was broken by Beatrice's hand coming up and grabbing a handful of my hair, pulling and twisting my head down so she could kiss me, her passion overflowing as she bit at my lip and tongue, my body responding by pushing harder into her and her tight cunt feeling incredible, sending wave after wave of incredible sensations through me with each thrust.

It was inevitable. I pushed too hard one too many times, lifting Beatrice off her feet and causing her to lose balance. Thankfully she let go of my hair and was able to stop her face hitting the windowsill. I think we were both shocked and our movement stopped, Beatrice bent ninety degrees at the waist and my dick, somehow, still in her.

My hands were on her hips and I started to very gently, almost luxuriously, fuck her again. I was looking out the window and there were definitely people at some of the windows opposite watching us. I had a big grin on my face and was half tempted to wave and blow a kiss. As if reading my mind Beatrice pulled off of me, turned and knelt down. Now all the neighbours could see was my smiling face and Beatrice's bobbing head, because this time she did open her mouth.

It felt incredible but as mad as it seems it also felt somehow impersonal, I felt a need, a desire even, to have Beatrice's body touching mine. I helped her stand up and we moved to the bed, gently lying down so we faced each other. Still not be able to stop my stupid sense of humour getting the better of me I asked if this was ok with her neighbours, as they couldn't see anything now. This got me a punch and a gentle knee in the groin, followed by a wonderful, heavily accented reply in English.

"We will show them more in the daylight."

But that, as they say, is another story


Biarritz And Bare It Pt. 02

We get closer and closer.

I woke the next morning spooned into Beatrice, the sun streaming in through the window promising another warm, beautiful day. Not sure if she was awake I planted a very gentle kiss on her shoulder. She moaned softly and pushed her hips back into mine, giggling and then wiggling her butt when she felt my hardness. Damn, I felt like a teenager, I hadn't had morning wood in years.

She turned her head and smiled that wonderful smile. "Café?" She asked.

"Yes please."

Beatrice wagged her finger at me before smiling "Francaisé." Reminding me that she thought I should speak French whenever I could, even though she probably spoke better English than I did French.

"S'il vous plait." I replied pulling a silly face and just stopping myself sticking my tongue out. She kissed me lightly before swinging her legs out and standing up, stopping in front of the window and looking at me, a cheeky smile on her face as she stretched tall and then wiggled her ass at the window, a sexy 'good morning' to anyone looking in, reminding me that we had made love in front of the same window last night with some neighbours across the road definitely watching.

I was again in awe. She was forty five to my forty two and to my mind had a perfect body, solid, curvy and incredibly sexy. Her big, firm ass a great handful and her large boobs accentuated by her upright posture and athletes ribcage. I loved her body but it was her attitude and confidence that really got me. She loved life and she loved having fun.

My face must have given my thoughts away because Beatrice blew me a little kiss before turning and walking slowly out of the bedroom, giving me plenty of time to admire the back of her. I heard her going down to the kitchen and went to the bathroom myself, hoping my boner would subside so I could pee.

For a modern townhouse the bathroom was quite traditional, A free standing bath with brass fittings and a washstand with the pipes exposed and polished. It spoke to a bygone time and I liked it. It also reminded me that even though it felt longer, I'd only known Beatrice a short while and that her bedroom was the only room I'd been in.

Returning to the bedroom I heard voices and laughing and then the front door closing. A moment later a car door shut and I heard an engine. Looking out the window I saw a small van with pictures of bread on the side pulling away. Across the street the same elderly neighbour from last night was out walking his dog again, looking up he smiled and waved. Without thinking I waved back, forgetting I was naked and my dick was probably visible. Oh well.

I heard Beatrice coming back up the stairs and thought about jumping back into bed, instead deciding to sit in the small armchair where our shenanigans had started. She was still naked and carrying a tray with two bowls and croissants on. She placed them on her dressing table and turned to face me, the same cheeky grin on her face.

I looked at her, my own grin widening. I nodded towards the front door and the tray, asking with my eyes 'did you open the door like that?' She shrugged as if 'of course, why not.'

The shock on my face obviously amused her because she burst out laughing, me joining in as I stood and pulled her to me, "You're a very naughty, sexy lady." I said in my best French. She said "Oui" before turning slightly and sticking her rump out so I could smack it. I was tempted but instead caressed it, allowing my finger to trace slowly along her anal cleft. She straightened and kissed me hard, our bodies immediately responding to each other. I broke the embrace and said 'Café' smiling as she screwed up her face in pretend annoyance.

The coffee was another new experience for me, she served it in bowels rather than cups and she dunked her croissant into the coffee, again laughing at my surprised look. I did the same but decided I preferred the croissant dry. The coffee was strong and delicious and you drink it with two hands around the bowl, which is apparently traditional.

I went down and topped up both our bowls and when I returned Beatrice was in bed, all the pillows propped up and I climbed in beside her and we chatted and enjoyed our coffee. It felt comfortable and right. She asked me some questions about my life in England and I made light of it, saying it was boring and not as exciting as Biarritz.

"All life can be boring, that is why we must make it exciting. You should open your door in England naked, cheer everyone up."

"I don't think that would work, probably get me arrested more like."

She laughed at this and then it was my turn to ask a question. "Do you always answer your front door naked?"

"Never, that was the first time and I did it to shock you, but I enjoyed it."

"What about the baker?"

"He didn't mind, he smiled and tried to pinch my nipple as he handed me the bread. Said my tits are much nicer than Mrs Laurant's saggy ones. She lives down the street and he's fucking her."

The smile never left her face as she said all this, as if it was the most normal thing in the world.

"Do you always stand in front of the window to undress?"

"That is my little frill, to dress and undress and to sometimes masturbate."

By the look on her face I didn't know if she was telling the truth or winding me up, it didn't really matter as she was her own woman and would do what she wanted to do, which I loved. I tried to call her bluff.

"I think I'd like to see that."

She giggled and her hand went under the duvet and found my dick, slapping it hard against my stomach. "Now who's being naughty? I think you are a bigger show off than me."

I couldn't deny it, she brought something new out in me. "I saw your neighbour with the dog again this morning, that dog must get a lot of exercise."

"Ah yes Mr. Allard. He's my biggest admirer but his eyesight is not so good so he walks the dog so he can get a closer look. Many of my neighbours are elderly, I think I give them something to look forward to, keeps them young."

"What about the female ones?"

"Mrs Blanchard watches and even gives me kisses and hugs when I meet her in the supermarket. The others are bitches, they twitch their curtains and watch and then complain about me. Maybe they would prefer to see your dick than my tits."

I definitely thought she was making all this up but she told a very good story and her eyes and face gave nothing away, smiling at some bits and scowling a little when she said bitches.

My face wasn't so inscrutable, Beatrice raising an eyebrow as if to say 'you don't believe me?' She picked up her phone and sent a text before scrolling through some pictures and showing me one. It was taken out her window and showed Mr. Allard and his dog, this time on this side of the street, looking up and smiling. Across the street faces could be seen at about six windows.

"Wow!"

Beatrice must have liked my response because she scrolled some more and showed me another picture. From the angle it looked like it had been taken from the bed, whether on a self timer or by someone's hand I didn't know. Beatrice was stood naked in front of the fully open window facing the bed, her whole body and hair backlit by the sun, a vacant looked on her face as she stared at the camera.

I studied it and then started to zoom in, Beatrice's face widening into a big grin as she saw me do so. She had a clothes peg on her left nipple, the big nipple looking deformed and sore. I zoomed up to her face and the expression looked different, more lost in her own desires than vacant.

I was lost for words, another low 'wow' being the best I could muster. I was shocked, incredibly turned on and delighted that she would share this with me. Beatrice looked nervous, maybe worrying that I might not like or approve of the pictures, but as she saw my smile and the desire in my eyes she started to smile, her grin widening as we heard a dog bark.

She took my hand and led me to the window. Mr. Allard was stood on the pavement below, both him and his dog looking up at us. Beatrice moved us closer to the window, the windowsill touching our thighs, my ridiculously hard dick and Beatrice's cunt and tits now clearly visible. Beatrice waved down, a huge sexy, delectable smile on her face. Almost in a haze I did the same, Mr. Allard blowing a kiss and the dog barking in unison making Beatrice giggle and me shake my head in disbelief.

Across the street half the windows seemed open, at least six of them had people stood at them and some of them waved too, Beatrice waving back enthusiastically and giggling in delight as her big tits wobbled.

She leant in close to me and kissed and then nibbled at my ear lobe, stopping to whisper, "we have a WhatApps group, I messaged to tell them to watch."

I think my face would have been a mixture of surprise and absolute carnal desire, I wanted to fuck her and I wanted to fuck her hard, and in every way possible. Reading my face Beatrice almost bit my lips off with her first kiss, her passion and aggression taking me by surprise. I kissed back and turned into her, one hand holding her head and the other grabbing her ass cheek almost violently. She pulled her body back but kept her mouth on mine, turning my body so that I was square on to the window again, her hand finding my dick and beginning to jerk. She put a leg either side of my leg and started to ride, rubbing her snatch vigorously against my leg which I bent slightly, pushing my thigh up between her legs.

Beatrice broke our kiss, the nails of her right hand cutting into the skin of my back and those of her left digging into my dick, causing me to yelp in delightfully painful pleasure. Remembering the earlier photo I reached out and grabbed her tit, my fingers finder her nipple and squeezing, squeezing much harder on a nipple than I ever had before. I pulled the nipple and Beatrice bit into my shoulder, pushing her pelvis down and shagging my leg even harder, her whole body going rigid and then quivering as she orgasmed, warm liquid, which I think was pee, running down my leg and pooling at my feet.

She went almost limp, only my arm around her waist stopping her from collapsing. I thought about laying her on the bed but she put her arms around my neck and pressed into me, supporting some of her weight. Her body half covered mine, her back to the window and my dick still pointing at the outside world. As I kissed the side of her head I looked down to the street, Mr Allend was still there but had been joined by two young me on racing bicycles, fully dressed up in their tight fitting lycra. Beatrice had come almost silently and I don't know how much those outside could see but from the way they squirmed in their tight shorts they definitely knew what was going on. The dog had lost interest and was sniffing at the wheel of the bike, hopefully about to piss.

Beatrice was still fairly spent and I wondered if we should call it a day. I lifted her head from my shoulder and kissed her gently, her kiss back telling me the answer to my question even before I asked it.

"Enough?" I asked her.

She shook her head, that wonderfully sexy, wicked smile returning to her face. She put her hand back onto my dick and went to turn around but I stopped her, a very dirty and daring plan forming in my head.

I stood back and looked deep into her eyes, trying, but failing to stop myself grinning as my plan grew legs in my brain and went off in many different tangents. Beatrice now had a nervous look on her face, maybe my grin was more demented than sexy.

I kissed her gently and asked, "trust me?" She nodded but I could tell she wasn't certain.

I took her hands and guided her gently backwards until her legs touched the windowsill. Still holding her hands I pushed a bit more, a horrified look crossing her face and her body responding as I knew it would, sitting down on the window frame and bending at the waist. She looked up at me, angry and upset and went to say something, I put a finger to her lip and hoped she wouldn't bite it off. I pushed her shoulders down some more until she was bent double and her face was only inches from my dick. She was an incredibly horny woman and put her hand out to my dick, obviously happy to give me a blow job. It would have been incredible and I was very tempted, but I had other plans.

I kept my hand gently on her shoulder and moved to the side of her till my leg was against the windowsill. YES! As I'd hoped her ass was sticking clean out of the window, her cheeks taut and forced apart by her bending, my eyes wandering from her glorious puckered hole to the three men only eight or nine feet below, I'd have loved to be able to see what they could see. One of the cyclists was happily rubbing himself through his shorts and the other one looked like he might explode. I felt the need to put my finger to my lip to tell them to keep quiet, Mr. Allend smiling and giving me a big thumbs up. Across the way I could see an older man and woman coming towards us, I hoped they hadn't come to complain.

I'd planned on one thing but then had another idea. I moved in front of Beatrice and squatted down, the wicked smile was back and she was obviously happy having her ass out the window. I kissed her best I could and stood up, my hand pushing Beatrice's head down even further. Hoping she couldn't see me clearly I reached over to my trousers that were still thrown over the back of the armchair, pulling my belt out of the loops as quietly as I could.

I was nervous; I'd never done BDSM and knew nothing about larruping someone's ass with a leather belt. Doubling the belt over I gave her left cheek a gentle slap with it, Beatrice responding by saying 'Oui' quite loudly and wiggling her bum best she could in that position. Encouraged, I moved to her side again and started alternating between cheeks, increasing the velocity but never going too hard. By Beatrice's moans I thing she was happy for me to keep going, but with each cheek reddening nicely I stopped. I wanted to make her come again and didn't know if I could achieve it like this, also I thought our little audience might be bored, not much to see from their angle.

Leaning out and looking down they all smiled up and one of the cyclists had his phone out and was filming. For a mad moment I even thought of telling them to get a ladder but instead lowered the belt as far as I could, pretending that I could pull one of them up. I placed the belt between Beatrice's cheeks as if it were a tail and slowly pulled it up, making sure the leather made as much contact as possible with her skin and never regions. From her squirming and the 'Oui' I think it must have felt nice.

What to do next? One of the cyclists stuck two fingers in his mouth and then made a rude gesture of shoving the fingers into something, this got nods from the other spectators. Dirty fuckers, it was obvious what they wanted to see.

Beatrice was well balanced and in no danger of falling out the window, I amused myself by thinking that her big tits would provide a good counterweight to her ass hanging over the edge. I leant out as far as I dared, both hands on her ass cheeks but still taking my own weight. By bending my legs slightly I could put my head beyond her ass and was greeted with the most amazing sight, her glistening cunt and asshole only inches from my face. Her cunt was out of reach of my mouth but her cheeks were so spread that her hole was just begging to be kissed. I couldn't imagine that Beatrice didn't like ass play but you never know, nervously I kissed it and then stuck my tongue out.

She answered me by pushing back onto my face and tongue, my legs trembling as it unbalanced me, causing me to grasp and pull at her cheeks even harder to right myself. None of this was planned and Beatrice tasted quite earthy to say the least, only Beatrice's moans keeping me going as I probed her tight sphincter.

Hanging out the window, performing the most intimate of sexual acts, my brain went somewhere else, could the people below see the bald patch on top of my head? The silliness of this thought and a tightening in my lower back made me stop my ministrations and straighten up, taking a step back away from the window as I did so. Beatrice started to straighten also, a flushed look on her smiling, lustful face.

To my surprise she started to kiss me, her tongue immediately searching for my tongue that had just been up her asshole. It felt amazing, dirty and horny as she kissed me hard and dug her nails into me. Then we heard it.

Applause, whooping, hollering and whistling. Obviously realizing that the show was over our little audience was showing their appreciation. Beatrice's face was a picture as she broke the kiss, the penny dropping as she turned and saw the small crowd below, her hand coming to her face in shock. I moved beside her, a bit of me wondering if we should take a bow or whether Beatrice was going to punch me in the chops and kick me out.

There were actually ten or eleven people down there now, whether they were neighbours or just passing I didn't know. I was getting nervous, wondering if I'd gone too far, Beatrice's hand was still at her face, and she was shaking her head gently in disbelief. I noticed that she hadn't covered her body which along with my now wilting dick was still on full display.

I'd really fucked it up and immediately hated myself. She still hadn't spoken and I could see tears welling in her eyes, the people below also now going quiet. Her hand came to her side and found mine, her demeanor changed, proud looking as she put her shoulders back and stuck her chest out for all to admire. We turned together and she kissed me, not hard but definitely passionately. Moving her mouth to my ear she whispered 'I'm a goddess' mocking what I had called her the first time I'd met her.

I couldn't see her face but as I felt her hot breath in my ear I knew the sexy, wicked, delectable smile was back and so was my goddess.
