Shy Becomes An Exhibitionist
by Treasure_Island

Shy Becomes An Exhibitionist Ch. 01

A shy girl becomes exhibitionist.

Hi, To tell about me I am shy Indian girl. I am from Kerala one of the southern state of India. Here most of the girls are conservative in nature. The same as I mentioned above I am very shy girl. I live with my mother and father. Now I will tell you the incident that made me an exhibitionist.

It was my cousin sister's marriage, behalf of marriage two days earlier my parents and I had traveled from city to their village, my cousin's house was a small one. It had only two bedrooms, since there were too many relatives one room was occupied by male relatives and other was occupied by female relatives. It was afternoon, we all female relatives had gathered in the room which was allotted to females. All my aunties were busy talking about the marriage, suddenly my body started to itch and within minutes my skin started getting rashes, I informed my mom.

Then she bought some coconut oil and asked me to undress so that she could apply some coconut oil to the rashes, but I was feeling awkward because I till then hadn't even been naked in front of my mom alone but now there were more than eight aunties, but I had no other option, so I removed my chudidar top and bottoms revealing my white set of bra and panties then I noticed that all the eight pairs of eyes were on me, I was thinking how would it feel to stand naked in front of eight all clothed women, then my mom told me to remove my inner wear, then I slowly proceeded with my bra clasp revealing my big breasts for the world then I caught hold the sides of my panties and slowly slid it down revealing my bushy pubic hair and finally my pussy.

Then I started to oil myself without even daring to look up, when I finished oiling I saw that all my aunties had ignored me and started with their chit chats. But I was still on my own feeling of shy, but after some hundreds of seconds the shy feeling which I had earlier had vanished and the thought of standing there naked in front of so many people made my pussy to tickle. After few more minutes my nipples was hard and my pussy was so wet that I was scared that my juices would flow through my thighs. After about an hour my mom told me to take bath, then I headed towards bathroom as soon as I locked the door I directly thrust my fingers into my pussy which was waiting for the attention within few strokes my organism was on the way and for the first time I masturbated and after a while my last waves organism receded. After my bath when I was dressing I felt like why was dress introduced to humans. Then I thought of planning for further such opportunity to get naked in front of people.

*****

After my cousin's marriage my parents and I returned to our city flat. As usual my father left for his job at 7 in the morning my mother was watching news sitting on the couch when I joined her she switched off the television and asked me was I feeling uncomfortable wearing dress on. I was shocked to hear my mom's words, but my mom told me that she had observed that how my nipples were hard when I was naked in front of my aunties, by hearing this I felt embraced, then my mom told me don't feel embraced it is your wish to dress or stay naked at home but you should dress up before your father returns from work. Telling that my mom left to the kitchen. I felt happy and for the first time I undressed there in the hall and stood naked. Then I went throughout the house naked. Afternoon my mom called me for lunch and then I had my lunch naked. My mom told me that I looked beautiful naked. When it was time for my dad to return from work I dressed myself.

Next morning I got up late because I wanted my dad to leave when I got up. I got up from my bed I already had slept naked, so I directly went to the kitchen to see my mom, my mom greeted me by pinching my right nipple then I had my breakfast and went to the living room as I sat on the couch I felt somewhat turned on and I slowly started to rub my pussy there on the living room then slowly I reached for my organism I closed my eyes it was an intense organism when I opened my eyes there was my mom standing there in front of me, I apologized to her, but she suddenly ran her finger through my slit and told me it was ok.

Then it was evening, I was watching television then I suddenly heard the main door open, and I was shocked to see my father was back earlier than other days. He stood there on the door step watching naked me this was the first time I was standing naked in front of a man. Suddenly my mom entered the living room and dragged my dad towards their room meanwhile I rushed to my room and wore my dress. When I was back to the living room my dad was sitting on the couch. I apologized to him, but he told me that he knew my problem it was ok for him if I was naked in front of him. I was happy listening to him I didn't know what my mom had told him. so I decided to give my dad a strip tease, so I slowly started with my top and then removed my pyjama now I had noticed there was tent on his shorts forming, then I proceeded with my panties now there I was standing stark naked in front of my dad his eyes were glued on my breasts from that day I decided that I would never dress inside the house. But the next day it was my period days now there was no other option than dressing myself as I woke up I dressed up and went to kitchen. My mom was shocked to see me fully dressed I told her what was the reason behind the dress. Then I was happy again by hearing my mom's words, she suggested me to use tampons rather than sanitary napkins. So I bought some tampons from medical store near me and inserted it into my pussy and again I was naked.

*****

Months passed away from the day I started to realize that I was an exhibitionist now there was a need to take my exhibitionism somewhere outside from my home. Then I planned for it and my next story will be written on that adventure ...


Shy Becomes An Exhibitionist Ch. 02

Exploring my exhibitionism...

By now it is almost a month from the day I have begun my exhibitionism. This morning I decided to go for a run. I was all set for run, wearing my tight sweat pants and a very thin and tight white cotton t-shirt through which my nipples trace could be seen clearly. I had decided a place where most people of my city would come for walk or jog.

After experiencing glance by many pairs of eyes on my poking nipples I reached the park. I was happy to see the park was almost crowder than usual, so that I would get many audience for my show. I started my run with slow pace and within minutes I was on good tempo, by now my boobs were jiggling because I hadn't wore any of my inners. Majority of the crowd had started concentrating on me because all the other girls who were running had their sports bra inside.

I was so turned on by the glances I was getting from all the men and women around there, which made my blue sweat pants to get a wet spot on it showing impression of camel toe in front. By now it was so wet that most of the people were noticing both my boobs and my spot created by my dripping pussy. By now I somehow wanted to masturbate.

But unpredicted it started to rain suddenly, all of them who had come to enhance their health ran towards the shed that was built inside park. I was totally disappointed, but only before I noticed my t-shirt was wet and had gone totally transparent, my nipples were on display for whom ever bothered to see. So I decided to walk towards the shed, however everyone would think that it was an accident. When I reached the shed everyone's eyes were fixed on my boobs. I acted as if I hadn't even noticed that my dress was transparent, but my tingling pussy was not letting me to act so.

Within 15 minutes the rain stopped and I headed towards my home. Throughout the road I enjoyed my tingling pussy and the viewers. I reached my house and knocked the door, my mom greeted me with shocked expression on her face. As soon as I entered the main hall I removed my dress and threw it to laundry basket, and ran towards couch to finish me off.

That night when I was on my bed I was thinking of adventure I had this morning and I wanted to be totally nude infront of people. In India there were no nude beaches our anything else, the only way to be nude in public was holy bath in the river. So I planned to ask my mom about holy bath.

Next morning I got up naked as usual and went to kitchen, my dad was sitting on the couch I smiled to him and went inside kitchen to ask my mom about my last night's plan. I was happy she agreed for that, but she didn't know what my actual intention was on going for a holy trip.

*****

FEW MONTHS LATER

Morning we boarded the train, now it is evening we have reached our place, tonight we will book a hotel room and tomorrow morning we will leave for the holy bath, with the help of a taxi reached the hotel. My dad booked room for the night. As soon as we reached the room I removed my dress. That night we ordered dinner to be delivered to our room, my mother went to recieve the order, deliver boy saw me on bed with no clothes on, he intentionally delayed returning balance to my mom. Meanwhile I was teasing him by pinching my nipples, I was sure that tonight he will masturbate thinking of me.

NEXT MORNING

I was very excited this morning. We asked auto driver to drop us near the river. When we reached the destination my dad went towards one side of river that was reserved for men and we both went to the other side that was reserved for females. But unfortunately, men and women were not able see each other as there were many trees and other naturally formed shields between us.

I saw there were more than hundreds of women bathing but none of them were naked other than small kids, every women there atleast had something to prevent their nudity. They had shall, peticot, slips and more like that but no-one of them were naked.

My mom and I, we both were bit far from the river. When I started to remove my clothes, my mom asked me why was I removing my clothes, we should walk atleast about two minutes to reach the river.

But I didn't mind to care for her words, I just removed all my clothes and gave them to mom, it was easy for me to remove my dress because I was not wearing any inners. All the women who were near us were looking towards me. I was enjoying my first public nudity. Then we both started to walk, I got hundreds of glances from many girls and women. By now my pussy was showing its reflexive action. After the walk we reached near the river, we both went behind a tree so that my mom could change her dress. My mom removed her saree and then her blouse and bra, she had breasts larger than me, they were slightly saggy, then she undid the knot of her peticoat and tied it above her breasts and finally she removed her white underwear, I was shocked to see even her underwear was wet.

The cold water felt good on my hot pussy, there were many of them bathing but the difference was, the only naked was me. I preffered to stay above the water most of the time so that everyone will get good view of my breasts and also clean shaven pussy. Finally we finished our bath and reached behind the same tree where we had left our clothes. My mom removed her peticoat revealing her breasts and hairy pussy, there we were two naked women behind the tree. My mom dried herself and wore her set of chudidar but this time without her inners, because I already had threw her inners.

My mom handed me the towel but I didn't accept the towel. Then we both walked the same distance that I had covered earlier without dressing, but this time totally wet. When I reached the earlier place there were more people than morning, I was feeling very special to be the only one naked there infront of so many people. So I asked my mom to click photos of me. She clicked many photos of naked me standing in middle of many dressed people. Then I dried myself and wore my dress back. After wearing my dress I lifted front hem of my mom's chudidar, as I had already planned I saw wet spot on her leggings. I slowly touched her wet pussy upon her leggings I felt how hot she was.

Then we met my dad and returned to our hotel room. As soon as I reached our room I jumped on the bed and removed my dress and started to play with my pussy, I saw my dad was busy with his own work so I was not bothered about him. So I started to finger myself accompanying it with rubbing my clit. Finally I came there on bed covering my fingers with my juices. Then for the first time I tasted my own juices by licking my fingers.

Next day we all boarded the train to our city home.


Shy Becomes An Exhibitionist Ch. 03

Loosing virginity.

Hey guys, after a long time I am back on my new adventure.

It has been a long since my last story because I was busy with my job interviews, and finally I have secured a job far away from my hometown. I am living here in Goa sharing an apartment with my colleague.

My colleague doesn't even have a hint that I am an exhibitionist. We both have seen each other naked like all other girls staying together in hostel or apartments do. The first time we both saw each other naked, we had compared each other's body. While she had small perky boobs I was having a medium shaped round boobs, her ass cheeks were of skinny girls compared to that I had a very good curvy ass cheeks, she had a good amount of pubic hair but I was bald out there although at present we both are bald, because she was fascinated after seeing my clean shaven pussy.

The first time when she saw my toy collection, she had a shocked expression on her face. I remember, she had asked me "why do you alone need these many toys?". I had answered her question saying that "This is not my whole collection. I have left some of my collection at home for my mother". She was still more shocked to hear that even my mother knew this. At present, we both share my toy collection while watching porn together.

She had also asked me, "why didn't I have any inner wear to wear for myself?". I had told her that "there was no use because my boobs were not saggy and also I hated getting panty lines on my western dresses."

Fine, now I will narrate the story of my new adventure.

From many days I have started searching for a suitable bikini for me on all online platforms available in India for shopping, but I was not able to find the suitable piece of bikini that I needed. So I decided to buy it from a shop in Goa. I always had only dreamt of wearing a bikini for beach and walking around, but now my dream was going to become real.

I had decided on a beach where foreigners were more populated, so that I will not be filmed by any pervert guys. I saw the beach had many beautiful fair girls wearing bikinis and fair men wearing knee-length shorts or briefs. No girls wore more revealing bikinis, so I decided to buy the most revealing bikini from the store because I needed attention from every eye around there.

When I planned my visit to beach I had decided to walk around naked but I was scared of being fined by the coast guards there.

I searched for the best bikini store on the street and found one which appeared to have the sexiest bikinis. I entered the shop. There was one girl in her mid twenties hanging up different kinds of bikinis to showcase.

"Good morning mam, how can I help you?" She asked, her face expressing the surprise of seeing an Indian girl inside a bikini store.

"Good morning," I greeted her back and said, "I know that no Indian girl wears a bikini on an Indian beach except she doesn't have an Indian skin complexion."

She smiled.

"Can you get me some designs of g-string bikini?" I asked her.

Firstly, she was shocked seeing an Indian girl inside her bikini store. Now I saw a different type of shocked expression on her face listening that a girl is asking for g-string bikini to wear it on an Indian beach.

"Sure," she said and turned.

"Hey wait," I called her and said "I know that no one wears revealing bikinis on Indian beach, but I want you to know that I am an exhibitionist,"

"Oh! You are good at recognising facial expressions," she said. " I will get you the best collection I have."

I waited about two minutes, then she came back with three bikinis.

"It took a little while to fetch this. I am sorry I don't have many revealing bikini collections because everyone who comes here buys only simple bikinis," she said.

"It's ok, show me what you have."

I was glad that she had properly guessed what type of bikini I needed. Out of three bikinis, one was white and one was neon and another one was radium orange. All the bikinis had the same amount of cloth in it, which would barely cover my crotch and areolas.

"I have selected the cloth materials which would go transparent if it is wet, is it ok?" she questioned.

"I can't get wet on this beach because of the salty water," I said, disappointed. "It will make me feel sticky."

"I think you should try your size," she said.

I picked up the white one and asked her the direction for the trial room.

"Sorry mam, we don't have any trial room here but um...... I hope you won't mind changing here," she said and grinned.

I saw around the shop, there was a glass wall at the front of the store and the other three sides had concrete walls. I imagined how it would feel if someone saw me from the front side of the shop. The thought itself made me feel wet down there.

"It's ok for me to try the bikini here," I said and lifted the hem of my dress, which ended knee length and removed it.

"Wow.....you don't wear your inner wear?" She questioned.

First, I saw through the glass wall if I had any audience but there was none and then I replied to her that I had stopped wearing my inner wear from a long back.

I took out the bikini top and held it against my boobs, and tied the string behind my neck and back. It didn't hide my boobs completely, but covered my areolas and a small part of skin. I pinched my nipples to make it hard, then I saw my nipple poking through the material.

Next, I picked up the bikini bottom and slid it up. Till then I didn't know how wet I was. As soon as I wore my bikini bottom, my pussy was exposed through the material because as soon as I wore it, my pussy juice wetted the cloth and made the material transparent. Even the shopkeeper was surprised to see how wet I was. Then I checked the back part. It was perfect. A thread slid through my ass crack, which was widened further when it reached my pussy from down.

"I think this set is perfect for me," I stated.

"It suits you good," she told.

"Please pack this white one," I said.

"It is better you keep your belongings here and walk towards the beach, because there are no locker security facilities on the shore for you to keep your things safe," she informed.

"Ok" I said and kept my dress inside the side bag and handed it to her, keeping a towel with me.

My pussy was drenching my bikini bottom more and more because of the thought of walking a long distance to the beach. I knew that the only person to walk through the streets wearing the skimpiest bikini was me.

I told the shopkeeper that I would collect my side bag later in the evening.

She nodded and gave me a bottle of water and high heels.

"I don't need water now,"

"It is not to drink, just spill it on your bikini," she said, making a naughty expression.

I spill the water all over my bikini top and bottom. Now both the materials turned transparent. Then I removed my sandals and put on the high heels.

After putting on those heels, I understood why she gave it to me. When I walked wearing those heels, my ass cheeks swayed to the sides and jiggled more than with sandals.

I knew how every eye would penetrate through my body outside.

"Now you can go," she said and smiled.

As soon as I stepped outside the shop, I felt a tingle inside my pussy, which made me more confident.

With my first step, I swayed my ass as far as possible. Heels had given me a good posture, which added some beauty to my sexy slender legs.

Many guys stared at me on my way. I knew that most of them would have thought 'she is yet to reach the beach, but how is her bikini wet?'.

Most of the guys were dissatisfied, because they did not know how to concentrate on boobs, jiggling ass and pussy at the same time.

When I reached nearer to the shore, my bikini top had dried because of my body heat, but my bottom was still wet. I searched for a shop which sold water bottles to wet the material again. As I moved further towards beach searching for shop, I found two to three showers on the shore which were kept to help people clean their bodies, which would be drenched in sand while they return from the beach.

I went near the showers, with towel and heels in my hand because I couldn't walk through the sand wearing that high heels. I again watered my top and turned out in the direction of the board, which read as locker facilities. Then I got to know that the shopkeeper had arranged a good platform for my exhibition.

I walked on the beach where many foreigners were sunbathing. I stole every foreigners' attention with my transparent cloth. I spotted a place on the beach where it was most populated and lay my towel there.

After a while, I saw a man lying about four to five steps beside me. He was wearing a yellow colour speedo. That speedo was only just capable of covering his genitals. His body was very well built. I felt somewhat turned on seeing his genitals. When I lifted my sight from his genitals to face, I felt embarrassed, because he was watching me all the while. I suddenly turned my gaze towards the beach.

"Indian?" He asked, still facing me.

"Yeah, what about you?" I asked, avoiding eye contact.

"Indian" he replied.

After this small conversation, there was an awkward silence in between us.

"Where are you from?" I asked, still avoiding eye contact.

"Mumbai, where are you from?" He asked.

"Kerala," I replied, making eye contact for the first time.

"I think it is better we move to some deserted place on this beach," he said.

I saw his face with a shocked expression.

"Why are you surprised? I just mentioned it, so that we can talk there in total silence rather than shouting here," he said.

"Ok, let's go," I said and stood up, collecting my towel.

We walked through the people around us and reached a little farther away from the beach. Throughout the walk, I walked a little front to him so that he would get a good view of my ass.

"What about here?" he asked when we reached far away from the people.

I nodded and spread my towel.

"You look beautiful and sexy in this bikini," he said, and winked.

"You too look hot and handsome," I replied.

After having some useless talks, he suddenly placed his hands on my thighs and asked, "hope you know that your bikini has turned transparent". This question of him made me understand that he had thought that my bikini had turned transparent accidentally.

His hand on my thighs felt awesome. I nodded and said that I am an exhibitionist.

He then slowly started to move his fingers on my thighs. I thought should I deny his touch, but my pussy had control over my brain.

"Are you committed to someone?" He questioned, now pressing my thighs smoothly.

I shook my head.

After rubbing my thighs for a while, he came closer to me and lifted my face by chin and placed a peck on my lips. His lips were warm and juicy. Then he moved back to his towel and sat on it.

"Come and sit on my lap," he said.

I got up from my towel and made sure that no one was watching us and sat on his lap, facing him.

He then put his one hand behind my head and pushed it forward towards him, connecting our lips. We both kissed each other for some time, playing with our tongues and teeth. Then we both stopped to breathe, making eye contact. I saw his eyes were totally filled with lust. Then again, we both connected our lips, but this time his one hand was fondling with my boobs and I was feeling something hard near my genital area. He then slowly slid his lips towards my neck and started to lick it. He then further moved down, licking and kissing my upper right boob. After about ten seconds, he made a sudden halt.

"You don't taste salty. How is your bikini wet?" he questioned.

"I wetted it with a water bottle," I replied.

"Hard exhibitionist," he said and again buried his head inside my cleavage. Then I removed my bikini and kept it aside and lay on my back. Meanwhile he removed his speedo brief and mounted upon me.

He started to suck my nipples. Then he slowly moved towards my navel hole and started to lick around my navel hole and sometimes also poked his tongue inside my navel hole. After a while, he again came back up near my boobs and made me lift my hand and started to lick my armpit. Then again, he went down, licking my whole body. When he reached near my pussy, he skipped them and directly went near my thighs. He slowly licked and bit my thighs. Then he slowly started to lick my pussy and clit with the time interval.

He licked my pussy till my leg started shaking for my first orgasm. Then and there, my juices flowed from my pussy into his mouth. He licked my pussy till the last drop and asked me to give him a blowjob lying on his back.

I slowly examined his dick. It was brown but was not as big as that I saw in some porn videos. He was a bit hairy over there. After examining I slowly brought my hand towards his dick. It was hard, but still the skin felt very soft. Then I stroked his dick for sometime and started to lick its tip, gradually taking it inside till my throat. I had seen some girls licking balls in videos but his balls were hairy, so I decided not to lick them. After about two minutes, he told me to stop and made me lie on my back, spreading my legs.

He then slowly entered into me. It was a lot more different from the dildo. It gave me more pleasure and butterflies inside my stomach.

After some strokes in and out, I saw a couple walking on the shore in our direction.

"Hey, there's someone coming," I said. I couldn't talk properly due to the pleasure.

He saw in their direction, as they neared to us, his gentle strokes turned furious. He started to fuck the shit out of me. I was shaking to my next orgasm.

I saw where the couple had reached. To my shock, they were watching us with a numb expression on their face. They had reached near to us and stopped a few meters away to see what was happening.

As they watched us, I orgasmed there. When he saw the couple were watching us, he stopped fucking me and brought his dick near my mouth. I again took his dick inside my mouth. As soon as I took his dick inside my mouth, he drained his balls into my mouth and some on my boobs. It felt awkward to drink his cum but still it was tasty. Then I rubbed his cum on my chest to my boobs.

We both kissed each other to the lips and only then we turned towards the couple. They both were smiling at us. They were also Indians and had come for a walk to the beach. They both were in their mid forties. Finally, they bid goodbye to us and headed towards their way.

"I am sure that uncle will be hard on his bed today." He said.

I laughed and said, "it is better that we both leave now."

He nodded and stood up to walk our way back.

We both wore our beach dress. I saw his dick it was so small and cute compared to that of before.

When we reached near the public shower, I was feeling sticky all over my skin because of his cum and saliva all over my body. So I decided to take a shower there. After my shower, we exchanged our numbers and bid goodbye to each other.

Once again, I was fresh and transparent after my shower. I walked all my way back to the store wearing my heels.

"Good afternoon. How was your day?" the shopkeeper asked me.

I told her the whole day's story, including the locker facility that I found on the shore. She was happy hearing to my story. Then I changed there inside the shop and boarded a cab to our apartment.

***********************

I opened the door to the apartment and entered it.

I searched for my colleague, but she was nowhere to be seen. Then I heard the sound inside the bathroom, which confirmed that she was bathing.

I sat on the bed and thought of how I used to stay naked the whole day at home. I missed those days. As I thought of that, I was aware of my dress and removed it. When I searched for my night dress, my colleague came out of the bathroom. She was naked and had only wrapped a towel around her head.

"I just came in and was changing my dress," I said, giving the reason for my nakedness.

"It's periods time," she stated sadly.

"It's ok" I said to comfort her and took out a pair of tight white shorts and a blue colour spaghetti strap camisole to wear.

"Shit! " she screamed.

"What?" I questioned.

"I am out of my sanitary pads," she said.

"I can help you out with my tampons," I told her.

"Please give me one," she asked.

Instead of wearing my dress, I fetched a tampon and gave it to her.

"Thank you," she said and removed the tampon covers and tried to insert it into her pussy, but she was not able to insert it.

"I can't do this," she said.

"I will help you," I said and asked her to sleep in bed.

We had seen each other naked before but we never had touched each others body.

I went near her and told her to relax. Then, I caught hold of her knee and made her to spread her legs wide.

"Wait!!" she screamed when I was about to touch her pussy.

I saw her face with a confused expression.

"Wash your hands before you touch it. It may cause infection over there," she said.

I had never thought of washing my hands. I went inside the bathroom, washed my hands and came back. She was still lying on the bed with her legs wide.

I went near her and sat in between her legs. Her pussy looked more delicate due to the impact of periods. I saw her face. She was a little anxious because this was the first time that anyone had touched her body. So I decided to tease her a bit.

I placed my one hand on her thighs and directed the other one to the gap in between her anal hole and pee hole. I saw her face, she had closed her eyes, and she had fisted her hands clutching the bed sheet. I took both my hands and opened her pussy lips. She was already wet and her clit was also erect.

I intentionally made her pussy to stretch its most possible. Her pussy walls had blood marks on it. I took out the tampon and inserted it inside her pussy, then I released her pussy lips. They closed the opening making tampon to disappear inside.

"It's over," I said as I got up from the bed.

"Can you please give me my dress? These cramps are not letting me move from here," she said, holding her stomach.

"Don't mind about dress. Just put on that blanket and sleep. I will prepare for dinner," I said to her with a smile.

She drew the blanket over her and closed her eyes. I knew she would wake up late, but still I decided to dress instead of being naked. I took up the white shorts that I had already fetched out from the wardrobe and wore it. My ass looked more firm in that tight shorts. Then I wore my camisole, which exposed a possible amount of cleavage. I loved wearing these types of dresses, but not more than that of staying naked.

After wearing it, I fetched my phone out. It showed notification from the guy I had met earlier today. I had saved his name as "UNKNOWN". I opened his message.

Unknown:- Free tonight?

"yes, do you have any plan?" I replied.

Unknown:- yup, how about pub?

Me:- excited

Unknown:- Meet me near sector 114 at 8 pm.

Me:- ok :-)

***************************

I was five minutes earlier than the time he had said.

He stopped his car in front of me and opened the front door. I got in as he scanned my dress.

"We are not going to any marriage function. We have planned to join a pub nearby," he said, pointing out my dress.

"I don't wear exhibitionist dresses. I prefer accidental exhibitionism," I said.

"Whatever, we are gonna buy a new outfit for you now," he said.

"Your wish," I replied.

We drove towards the mall, parking lot was on the 6th floor, which was the top floor of the building. 5th floor consisted of a pub and a film theatre.

"We will buy you some dress and come back here," he suggested, standing in front of the pub we were supposed to go.

I nodded, and we both got on the lift.

We reached the ground floor and headed towards the shop where one man and three girls were appointed.

As we entered the shop, the men who stood there came up to us with a packed dress in his hand and handed it to us.

"Thank you," we both said in unison.

We came out of the shop and once again boarded the lift.

"You will change your dress once we reach the 5th floor," he said.

"But where?" I questioned.

"Girls washroom," he said.

I was relieved that he didn't suggest that I change my dress behind the bushes or anything.

I entered women's toilet and opened the packet he had given me. It consisted of a skater skirt and off shoulder top. I removed my dress and wore both the outfit I was given.

The skirt ended a little above than my mid thigh, but I felt more exposed without any underwear. The top was off shoulder one, it extended from upper breasts till a little above my navel hole. Top didn't have any laces or straps to tie up with, it hung to my skin with its elastic material. Before I went outside, I checked myself in the mirror. It felt like a slut to wear such a short dress, because this was the first time I dressed this way. All my previous adventures were suitable for situations I was in.

I folded my dress neatly and went out to see him standing there holding my handbag.

"You are a hot chick for tonight!" He exclaimed.

I felt shy and ended up answering Thank you.

"Party will start at 9. How about some shopping?," he said.

"I can't wear this dress," I said. I knew the consequences of dressing like a slut in India.

"Ok, don't be too shy. There are other girls who wear these stuffs around. You will get to know once you enter inside," he said to comfort me and headed towards the pub entrance.

There were two bouncers dressed in all black near the entrance who opened the door for us. As soon as I entered the pub, I felt a little relieved after seeing other girls in short skirts and tops.

We both went to the table on the other end and sat on the sofa. He called the waiter and ordered tequila shots for both of us.

"Sorry, I don't drink," I stated.

"It is better to say I haven't rather than say I don't," he said, placing his hand on my thighs.

I smiled.

"Lift your skirt up," he said, looking into my eyes.

I stood up and lifted my skirt and sat, placing my bare ass on the sofa. He then slowly slid his finger inside my pussy, only then I knew how wet I was. He then pulled out his finger and started to rub my clit till the waiter bought us the order.

I saw around the pub now there were more people than earlier. There were more girls wearing short dresses.

When the waiter reached to us, he placed his hands on the table. When the waiter went off, to my surprise, he took one ice cube from the ice bowl and placed it on my pussy.

Suddenly, I felt butterflies in my stomach. I caught hold of his arms very tightly. He then slowly pushed ice cube after ice cube inside my pussy till four ice cubes were in. I felt like forcing them out, but it was creating wonders inside my pussy.

After a few wonderful, amazing, extraordinary minutes, the water which flowed from my pussy formed a pool on the sofa. After all the ice cubes turned to water, I asked him to dance with me.

"Sure, but there is a change to be made,"

"Change?" I questioned.

"Yeah," he said, pulling down my off shoulder top till the upper part of my areola was visible.

"Now you look awesome," he said.

We both headed towards the dance floor and started to dance. Many boys stared at me and more on my half visible areolas.

After about ten minutes, I felt like peeing. So I told him that I needed to pee and left the dance floor.

I entered ladies washroom. It welcomed me with large mirrors and wash basins near the entrance. And about three toilets beside the mirror. I checked myself in the mirror. I felt aroused after watching the way how slutty I looked. I entered one of the toilet, lifted my skirt and touched my pussy. It still felt cold. I saw the stream starting from my pussy falling into the toilet. After I finished, I came out and saw a girl checking herself out in the mirror. She was wearing a red colour tube top that ended near her knee. It stuck to her body, making the panty line visible.

"Hello" I greeted.

"Hi" she said, turning back.

"Is it necessary to wear a panty?" I asked her as I walked near the mirror.

"Why are you asking that to me?" She asked, confused.

"Your panty lines look worst. You better remove it,"

She checked herself and nodded. When she was about to lift her dress in order to remove her panties, I told her to stop.

"Not here. Come with me," I said, pulling her hand.

I took her out near the table where I was sitting earlier and asked her to sit and called the waiter.

"Order please ma'am," the waiter requested.

"Remove it and give it to him," I told to the girl. Both the waiter and she looked surprised. And to my luck, she removed her pink panties and gave it to the waiter.

"Please put it in the dustbin," I told the waiter.

After the waiter left, we both laughed and bade goodbyes to each other.

Finally, after a minute, I found him on the dance floor and we both took our leave and he dropped me near my apartment.
