Snape stands in the doorway of the room that once belonged to his parents, gazing with satisfaction at the newly arranged furniture and clean-swept floor. "This is our house now," he tells Lupin, turning to walk down the hall to the parlor where they have left their luggage. "We should move our things in here."

"Wait. Not yet."

Severus pauses, allowing Lupin to catch up with him in the hallway. Grabbing his arm and urging him forward with his body, Lupin propels Snape into the smaller bedroom. It is midday, but this part of the house is always dimly lit, its small windows incapable of letting in enough sunlight to brighten the dark walls. Lupin has eradicated the flies and spiders that had taken up residence in the corners and along the sill, but the room retains a slightly musty odor, as if holding secrets in its aging cabinets and curtains.

Pressing Snape against the wooden footboard, Lupin takes a breath of the stale air where he has spent many nights in hopeful anticipation. "Before we move out of this room," he whispers, "why don't you show me everything you ever imagined doing with me in this bed?"

Severus is standing so still that Lupin can feel his chest rising and falling with his quickened breath. His eyes are black beneath his narrowed lids, and he seems unable to close his mouth. "Everything?" he asks.

"Everything." But Snape doesn't move, continuing to look at Lupin with a piercing, dangerous expression. Lupin expects that when he does finally respond, it will be fast and hard and merciless...that, having been given such explicit permission, he might finally unleash the ravenous beast Lupin senses beneath the surrender and the pleas.

"Did you say 'before we move out'?" Severus demands in a quiet voice, and at Lupin's nod, "But this is my room. Have you been sleeping in my bed when I wasn't here?"

"That's right." Shifting, Lupin lets his stiff cock press against Severus' thigh. "You've known for months, haven't you? Sometimes I didn't change the sheets after you left. I could smell you on them." He feels the unplanned, undulating thrust as his lover reacts to his words. "And sometimes I didn't change them before you arrived..."

A cool draft penetrates his clothing as Severus steps back. "Why don't you get in the bed and do exactly what you would have done if you had no reason to believe I might arrive." It's said in the same low, vaguely threatening tone, and Lupin tries not to grin before the bed's rightful owner whirls to march out of the room, shutting the door with a click.

Soon he is naked atop the rumpled covers, pillow beneath his lower back, an open bottle of slippery potion on the nearby table with its contents coating his right hand. He touches himself in random patterns to avoid becoming excited too quickly, slicking the parts that may need easy access, moistening his lips and nipples to make them gleam in the dim light. The door bangs open and Severus strides back inside; his eyes sweep over Lupin's naked body, pausing to stare at the fingers stroking inside his thigh and the palm moving in a slow rhythm over the base of his cock. Lupin whimpers faintly, feeling a thrill of fear: he has no idea what Severus has planned, though he too has imagined this scenario, and has indeed left evidence of his fantasies on the sheets.

"So this is what you do in my bed when I'm not here," declares Snape with a mixture of triumph and arrogance on his features. "Getting it filthy, no towel beneath you, as if you owned the place..."

"I do own it," Lupin states defiantly, arching his back as his fingers continue their slow glide around his cock. "I've been here more often than you have. You told me to make myself at home..."

Snape is shrugging out of his clothing, slowly and awkwardly because he still has not torn his gaze away from Lupin, though these days he wears fewer buttons and hooks and his robes look less like armor. "I might have known that you would take that as an invitation to indulge yourself. Is this how you've spent your days -- lying around, polluting the furniture?"

Grinning, Lupin spreads his legs more widely and runs a finger across his perineum, enjoying the way Snape's eyes dilate as he stares. "Not just lying around. Sometimes I do it standing," he replies cheerfully. "Sometimes I wank over your desk, or get on all fours and fuck your pillow."

"How very adolescent of you," sneers Snape, sitting on the edge of the bed with his trousers still fastened, the dark folds hiding his erection.

"Are you going to punish me?"

"What would you do, in my place?"

"I suppose I'd give me a spanking." Rolling onto his belly, Lupin bends his knees and lifts his bottom into the air. Severus' first swat is experimental, less a reprimand than an attempt to determine how such discipline would be received. With a husky groan, Lupin raises his hips again, and the hand falls full-force on his buttocks, leaving a stinging impression that vibrates through his body. "Again," he gasps as it strikes repeatedly, and "oh," and "more," and "I've been so naughty, Severus..."

"I can see that, Lupin." Snape still frequently calls him by his last name during sex, which Lupin suspects is because the name itself gives him an excuse to sound as if he's moaning. The slaps continue for a few moments, then without warning the hand slides across his bum, slipping into the crack which he has already anointed with oil in case Severus had planned to shove in without preamble upon discovering him naked in the bed. "You're very wanton," he announces, fingering around the hole while Lupin lets out a wholly heartfelt groan. "I didn't realize how badly you needed to be fucked." The probing digit slips in, teasing and stretching Lupin, who can manage only soft cries and pleas against this onslaught.

Shifting, Snape reaches into the pocket of his trousers. Lupin feels the cool wood of the wand against his skin a moment before thin cords shoot from the tip, binding his hands together beneath him. "I'm going to give you what you need, Lupin," continues Snape, dropping the wand and removing the rest of his clothing before he reaches for the bottle on the table. "I'm going to fuck you until you come on my bed, and then I'm going to roll you over and finish on your face."

"Oh please," moans Lupin, pushing back against him as best he can with his wrists tied up. Severus has seemed shy about touching his cock with Lupin watching: he will do what is necessary to prepare and guide himself, but he has never let Lupin watch him do what Lupin knows he must have done alone in this bed on some of those nights while Lupin tossed in the next room. Nor has Severus ever promised to fuck him without being invited to do so first, so that Lupin had come to believe that Severus preferred to be on the bottom no matter how demanding he often became. "Yes, fuck me, please!"

He can hear Snape's palm moving up and down on his cock, slicking it with oil, and he twists around to watch, but Snape's other hand flies forward, catching the back of Lupin's neck and urging his head down to his bound forearms. "That's right. Beg," the low, insistent tells him.

"Please," Lupin whimpers again. "I want it, so much, hurry, I need to feel you..." He knows he is babbling, and tries to remember what Severus has said to him when desire has loosened his tongue, but Lupin has never asked Severus to beg, for he has never needed to: the most straightforward requests from his onetime adversary come out with as much difficulty as pleas. "I wanted you for so long, every night in this bed. You can do anything you want to me," he mutters, hiding his flushed face between his awkwardly bent arms. "Please, fuck me, now..."

There is pressure behind him, the slow burn of stretching open and Severus slides in deep with the first push, until his bollocks nudge against Lupin. His lips brush Lupin's shoulder as he bends to take his cock in his hand, then they part to expose his teeth as the hand begins to move. Severus bites just hard enough to sting, licking and sucking at the skin as he thrusts steadily, showing off his control. There is nothing Lupin can do -- nothing Lupin wants to do -- but let Snape master him, for attempting to buck back causes unbearable pressure on his prostate and attempting to lunge forward presses his cock into the tight cylinder of Severus' fingers.

Lupin throws back his head and howls when he comes, for Severus is tugging on his nipple and biting the side of his throat in addition to stroking him feverishly and pumping in and out of his arse. Hot liquid sprays over his belly as well as the sheet beneath him, and Snape stays inside him until the jets have stopped, sucking on a spot at the nape of his neck which Lupin is certain will bruise. His withdrawal is slow, perhaps reluctant, yet he sits back on his heels and orders, "Turn over. Hands above your head." Lupin obeys, rolling to face Severus' chest as the other man leans over him to push a pillow beneath his head and elevate it.

Then Severus rises onto his knees and shifts forward until his groin is directly above Lupin's face. His cock is swollen purple, shiny with oil, and he watches Lupin greedily studying his fingers as they wrap around the base and begin to jerk roughly up and down. "You may want to close your eyes," he warns in a slightly ragged voice, but Lupin shakes his head -- it is worth risking getting semen in his eyes to watch Severus bring himself off on his face. The hand stroking Severus' cock never falters, while his other hand brushes his nipples, his sac, the spot behind it. His hair hangs in long, damp strands that half-hide his face, and his neck and chest grow more and more red as his breathing speeds up.

For a moment Lupin wishes that his hands were free to run up Severus' thighs, but there is a certain delight in being made to observe without being allowed to touch. A strangled groan is all the warning he receives, but it is enough for him to close his eyes just before the first creamy spurt spatters his chin and cheek. True to his word, Snape comes all over his face, then slides down and licks him clean, kissing and sucking at his scars. At some point he taps the cords restraining Lupin's wrists, making them fall away and allowing Lupin to wrap his arms around him while he returns his kisses.

The small bed is crowded and uncomfortable for two grown men, yet they are so entangled when they fall asleep that Lupin scarcely feels it. When he wakes several hours later, it is not because his shoulder has been crushed against the bedroom wall but because a mouth is ghosting over his pelvis, licking and blowing on his half-hard cock which twitches and fills with blood in response. "Everything in this bed is mine," Snape murmurs, his expression clouded by the evening darkness as his mouth descends. He sucks greedily, less interested in drawing out Lupin's pleasure than giving in to his own urge for the sensation of a cock-head leaking on his tongue, until Lupin begins to thrust between his lips, setting his own rhythm. His groin begins to tighten in anticipation several minutes before he pumps himself empty again, spilling into Snape's eager mouth which swallows and licks him clean.

Lupin is drained and sluggish by the time Severus finishes, but he smiles down at him, moving his legs apart. "Do you want to come inside me?" he asks. The stiff prick that prods his thigh as Snape slides over his body answers that question, and he spreads himself even wider.

Most nights Snape would be more careful, asking whether Lupin isn't tired or sore, but tonight he accepts the invitation with a feral grunt. "I want to come inside you...and eat it out of you," he mutters between thrusts, keeping Lupin's legs pinned wide with his hands. At Lupin's startled moan, he tenses, going very still before shoving in as deep as he can and making Lupin suddenly damp and slick. Lupin is afraid that he is not clean enough for Severus to put his mouth down there without revulsion, but his lover seems unconcerned, licking and sucking the overstimulated opening until Lupin's nails clawing the sheet warn that he cannot tolerate much more. With a final soft lick, Severus rests his cheek against the inside of his thigh and exhales contentedly.

"And that's what you thought about doing with me in this bed?" asks Lupin sleepily when Snape slides up alongside him, rolls him onto his side and curls up with him, arm wrapped around his waist.

"That is only a very small example of what I thought about doing with you in this bed." The stern retort is negated by the warm press of lips against the back of Lupin's neck. "I apologize if I was too rough."

"Don't ever apologize," Lupin interrupts. "I said everything, remember?"

"Of course I remember." Snape's arm tightens around him. "But you are here now, and I would be quite content to forget everything I had conjured as a distraction when you were not."

"Oh. Severus." Groping for his hand, Lupin lifts it to his mouth and kisses the knuckles. "I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere, and think how much better the memories will be if we share them." At the soft hum of agreement, he adds, "Besides, I may want to show you some of the things I had imagined when you've finished showing me all of yours..."

"I'm afraid that that may take some time," replies Snape in a wicked if slurred voice, already half-asleep again. And Lupin grins in the darkness.

"I hope so."