Title: My Sister In Law Beth



Keywords: True Story,






I have read a few stories before and to be honest, always thought they were fictional, no way this happens to ordinary people. But I have to admit, I was wrong. My wife died about 8 years ago from cancer at the age of 39, I was 42. We were high school sweethearts who married very young. We were both faithful to the day she passed away and I still miss Susan every day.

We live around the corner from my wife's younger sister, Beth and her husband. It was quite known in the family that Beth's husband Lance was lazy and thoughtless. He very seldom worked and was very demanding. Why Beth stayed with him was always a mystery. 

I was about to have my 50th birthday and had absolutely no plans of any sort what so ever. I figured that, this birthday like the seven previous without Susan would be spent at home watching TV. For some reason, I had never pursued another relationship after Susan died. I am not into the bar scene and I work at a company that only employed two women and both were young girls in their twenties, flighty and very immature. 

My sister in law Beth, who is 42, called me one evening and asked what was I doing for my birthday. "Nothing" I told her. She replied " You're turning 50 and your not celebrating ?" I told her I did not really feel like doing anything, I would probably spend the weekend around the house. She replied " We have to go out and at least have dinner."
I really liked Beth, she was always so kind to me, but the thought of dinner with Lance just was not the way I wanted to spend my birthday. I kind of dodged the issue, we made more small talk and she told me we would talk later that week. 

I was watching TV Thursday night when the doorbell rang, and there stood Beth when I opened the door. We kissed on the cheek and hugged as she entered. She was coming home from work, where she and my wife had been partners in business for many years. They worked in a professional setting and always dressed very business like. Beth, like my wife Susan was simply stunning. Always the lady, always dressed impeccably. We entered the family room and sat down, Beth on the large leather sectional and me in my favorite old recliner, that was the one piece of furniture in my home that looked out of place. Susan had decorated our home from top to bottom and it is simply beautiful. We started chatting about going out to dinner for my birthday and after a while, I could not help but notice how short Beth's skirt was. She had pulled it down as far as she could, but it was still mid thigh. We started talking and lost track of time. The conversation turned from my birthday to her problems with Lance. She confided that she really thought he was having an affair, but had no proof. She asked me " How did you and Susan do it, you always appeared to be so much in love ?" I replied to her " I really don't know, I think it was just two people who really got it right". "We never really worked at it, it came natural". I could see her eyes water a little, maybe thinking of her sister. 

To get off the subject, I offered her a glass of wine. Both Susan and Beth were wine drinkers. Susan turned our basement into a wine cellar, she was quite the expert. Personally I never could really taste the difference in the wines, so I always let Susan choose. Beth went downstairs and came back with a Merlot she was fond of. I took the bottle , went to the kitchen to open it and get two glasses. I returned to the family room and handed Beth her glass and took my seat. After taking a sip of the wine, I could not help but notice that Beth had slightly parted her thighs giving me a few of her silky white upper thighs. As we talked, I found it increasingly difficult to carry a conversation, with the view I was getting. I was not sure , but I sensed that several times she caught my eyes wandering. "Can I get another glass of wine ?" she asked. "Sure" I replied, " Let me get it for you". I went to the kitchen and returned with a fresh glass for her. As I sat down again, I immediately noticed she had parted her legs even further. I could now see her lacy white panties between her thighs. 

Ever since Susan had died, my entire sex life consisted of masturbating alone. It became so stale, that I might have been only indulging once a month for the past year or so. But suddenly with this new visual stimulation, I could feel my penis swelling with absolutely no physical contact. I was trying really hard not be obvious, looking her in the eyes as we spoke. Only when she would look away, would my eyes dart down to her legs. We talked for a few minutes more, then she said she had to be going. I thanked her for stopping by and as I leaned in to kiss her cheek, she turned her lips to mine and gave me a soft, very moist quick kiss on the lips, followed by a hug. 


As soon as she pulled out of the driveway, I sat back down in the recliner and tried to watch TV, but my mind kept wandering to those white lacy panties and that soft warm kiss. I decided that it was time for a shower and head to bed, this was getting me no where.

Later in bed, I simply could not sleep. All I could think of was Beth. Was she really coming onto to me ? Or was it just that I have been very lonely for too long of a time. Whatever the case, I soon found my hand around my cock, slowly pumping it up and down. In no time, my cock was throbbing and I could feel my orgasm coming. I closed my eyes, thought of Beth, and exploded into the best orgasm I had experienced in quite some time. I can honestly say, I fell asleep that night and slept like a baby.

The next day, I was at the office, when I got a call from Beth. "How about dinner tonight ?" she asked. Even though, I could not imagine spending a night with Lance, I accepted. "About 8 p.m." she said. " We will pick you up." There it was confirmed, Lance would be attending. I trudged through the day and soon was headed home to get ready. They arrived right on time and we headed out to a really nice restaurant not far away. Lance as always, was his old charming self. I just simply could not see what Beth ever saw in this guy. But as always, I held my tongue and made small talk. Dinner was more of the same, but I did notice that Lance was really drinking a bit more than usual. While waiting for desert, Lance got up and excused himself to go to the restroom. Beth as always, quickly apologized for his behavior. "Its not your fault Beth" I replied. "You simply have to quit excusing him for being this way." She nodded in agreement just as he returned to the table. We finished desert, while Lance finished two more drinks. When we got up to leave, I just knew he was not in the position to drive home. As to not get Beth into an argument with him, I stepped up and said " Lance, let me drive home, you can relax, why take a chance on a DWI ?" Lance gave me one of his looks and replied " I am not even close to being ready to go home, lets head to a club." Not being the drinker, I declined. We rode back in silence, I could tell Lance was pissed as usual. I felt bad for Beth because I knew she was going to bear the brunt of it. As we pulled into my driveway, I thanked them and got out quickly. Being already late, I decided to head straight to bed. I was probably asleep for a couple of hours when my cell phone rang. I reached over half asleep, looked at the phone and saw it was Beth calling. "Jeff" she said. "Yes, whats wrong ?". "I don't know", she replied, "I just can't sleep." She told me that Lance had dropped her off at their home and went back out. He was still not home. I looked at the clock and it was 3:44 in the morning. "Does he do this often ?" I asked. "Yes" she replied, "Lately a lot." She then pretty much opened up to me about her entire marriage with Lance and how she had just about come to the breaking point. Somehow during this conversation she began telling me about her sex life. She told me that she used to talk to Susan about this, but since she had died, there was really no one to confide in. She told me for the past few years, the only person Lance was interested in satisfying was himself. She hinted that she was pretty much having to take care of herself just to be able to relieve a bit of tension. " Well" I replied, " I know that feeling well." She giggled and the conversation ended a minute or two later. I looked at the clock and it was almost 5 a.m., so there was no point in trying to go back to asleep. It was Saturday and being alone that meant I had to buy groceries, wash my car and clean the house up a bit. 

The day flew by and I got a lot accomplished. That evening I went to a local Chinese Restaurant, got a lot of take out and went back home. I took a quick shower, then sat down to eat and watch TV. About five minutes later my phone rang and once again it was Beth. I actually debated on whether to answer the phone or not. I really was not up to being the considerate listener tonight. But after two more rings, I picked up. "Hi Beth, what's up ?", She replied " Not much, Lance went to the basketball game with his friends, won't be home until late." She added, "Would you like to go out and grab a quick bit to eat?" I told her I had just got back from the Chinese Restaurant and had a lot of food spread out here. Before I could say anything else, she chirped
" Oh, then I will join you." I couldn't say anything else but, "Sure, no problem" at that point. " I'll be right over", Beth said. 

About 45 minutes later the doorbell rang and it was Beth. As she passed me in the open door, I immediately smelled a fresh, powdery fragrance, with a slight hint of perfume. I figured she was just out of the shower. She had on jeans and a "T" shirt, something which I have rarely seen her wear. I got her a TV tray and set her up on the end of the sofa with a plate. We watched TV , ate and chatted for a good while. The program went off at 8 p.m., and there wasn't much else coming on. "How about some wine ?", Beth asked. I told her the bottle we had opened earlier in the week was still on the island counter. "Great", she replied and was back with two glasses in no time. We talked for a while about her job, family and whatever else I could think of to keep the conversation off of Lance. Then, right out of the blue, she blurted "Jeff, can I ask you a really personal question ?" I thought for a second, then hesitantly said , "I guess so." She took a deep breathe, turned a bit red then asked, "Have you ever had sex since my sister died ?" I replied, very quickly, "No, never." She seemed kind of surprised and said " You mean its been almost 8 years since you had sex ?" I answered her with a yes. I thought to myself, I hope this conversation is over with. But before the thought could leave my head she came back with " Do you masturbate a lot ?" I guess, I must have turned a pretty dark shade of red because she quickly added, " Oh its ok, I know all men do and most women do too." She continued " If I didn't get myself off regularly, I would never cum." Apparently Lance would last only long enough to get himself off. She told me many, many nights after he would roll over and fall asleep, she would bring herself to two or three orgasms. I guess she could tell I was not the forward type and if this was going to go anywhere, she was going to have to take it there. "Jeff, my sister and I used to talk a lot about sex and she always told me what a kind, considerate lover you were." She added, "In fact, Susan told me that many times even though you were tired you would go down on her and make her cum, asking nothing in return." I was shocked. Even though Beth was dead on, and I knew only Susan could have relayed that information to her, I shrugged my shoulders and stammered, " I guess so." Then Beth added, "Did you like what you saw the other day ?" I tried to plead ignorance, "What are you talking about ?", but I knew the quivering in my voice gave me away. "Oh come on Jeff " , Beth replied, " I saw you looking up my skirt." 

This situation was growing more uncomfortable by the moment. While I was extremely embarrassed, I was equally aroused or so it seemed. "Its ok", Beth added, " In fact, it turned me on to see a man paying me attention." Now I knew she was exaggerating . Beth was beautiful and I know guys hit on her all the time. "I doubt that you are suffering from lack of attention, Beth" I added. "Oh I get attention" she said, "But not from decent guys, just from guys who want a quick piece of ass". "I can get that from Lance anytime I want." 


I noticed that she was beginning to squirm a bit and had crossed her thighs very tightly. I think she was as uncomfortable as I was, at least I hoped she was. This just was not the kind of conversation I have had with any other woman then my wife. In fact, I had only been with one woman my entire life. 

Then once again she spilled a bit of information that could only have come from Susan. " I know watching a woman making herself cum is big on your list of turn-ons." I told her I really couldn't believe that Susan had shared so much of our personal life with her. She smiled this almost evil grin and told me "Oh, I know a lot more than that."

Without much hesitation she quickly said " Would you like to see a woman cum again ?" My head was spinning trying to process all this new information that was being thrown at me. Both of my heads were thinking at the same time, and the large one was having a hard time keeping up with the small one. "Beth", I replied, "You're my wife's sister, you're married and we are actually still family." She looked at me with a disappointed face and replied, "You don't find me attractive Jeff ?" My facial expression must have answered the question because she quickly followed up with, "Then, what's the problem ?" I thought quickly for any answer I could find. "Beth, I just think it would make things real uncomfortable for us, now and in the future." She looked at me with those soft eyes and said, "I'm not asking you to fuck me, we both get ourselves off anyway, what's wrong with doing it together?"
I thought about this for a second, then before I could respond she added, "How about I start and if you feel like joining in you can, if you start to feel uncomfortable, you tell me to stop." Once again I thought about it, taking probably longer than she would like, then replied " Ok, but I still think this is a bad idea." 

Beth took another long drink of wine from her glass, then leaned back on the sofa. Her eyes were glued to mine, but her hands were visibly shaking. Before I could ask her if she was sure this is what she wanted, she reached down to her jeans and unbuttoned them. Without taking her eyes off mine, she slowly slid the zipper down all the way and open them up. I could see the top of black lace panties peeking out above the jeans. She slid one hand inside her jeans and I could tell exactly when they touched her pussy. Her head jerked back, just a bit from the electricity of the touch. By now, my cock was already harder then it had been in years, begging to be released. But I just was not sure yet, what to do. Beth then lifted her hips from the sofa and with a gentle tug, pulled her jeans down her legs. It was as if someone had knocked the wind out of me. I was having a hard time breathing and I know I was trembling. There sat this beautiful young woman in a pair of sexy black lace panties slowly rubbing herself through the thin, sheer fabric. "Does, this excite you Jeff?" I nodded yes, without hesitation. "Then why don't you do something about it." I shrugged and mumbled something incoherently. "Well then, maybe you need a little more visual arts", she added. With that she reached down and slowly pulled her panties down to meet her jeans. She leaned back and opened her legs to show me the best sight I had seen in 8 long years. Her pussy had small lips that were puffy and a deep pink in color. Even from where I was sitting, I could see the dampness between them. She extended one finger from her right hand, placed it on her swollen clit and began to move in small but quick circles. Her breathing was becoming shallow and I could see her face getting a bit flushed. 

A few more seconds passed and she asked me in a soft, deep voice, "If you're gonna cum with me, you better get started, because I am not going to last long the first time." The first time, I thought ? 
Very unsure of myself, I moved my hand down to my jeans. At that point she gave me a smile. Not just any smile. One that told me this would be ok. I open my pants , then with one motion, pulled them down along with my boxers. My cock was rock hard and standing at attention. "Oh, Jeff, show me how you stroke your cock." Beth moaned. I wrapped my hand around my cock firmly and started slowly moving up and down. Her eyes were glued to my cock and mine to her pussy. I guess she could tell by the quickening of my strokes I was perhaps rushing. "Not too fast" she said, "Enjoy it, slow it down, let me cum once, then we will cum together again." I nodded ok, then slowed down a bit and watched Beth. Her finger speed increased and she started to arch her back a bit. Even though its been a while, I knew she was close. I asked her to look at me. She tilted her head down a bit and look me dead in the eyes. "Cum for me, Beth, cum on that pretty hand of yours." It was like I flipped a switch to turn the light on. "Oh my fucking God" she screamed. "I'm fucking cumminggggggg.'
She bucked and twisted on her hand for what seemed like a minute before she came back down to earth. "Oh God, Jeff", she moaned. That was the best cum I have had in years. "Although" she whispered, "I am a bit sorry about the language." I shook my head and replied " Its quite ok, Susan was always very vocal when she had an orgasm". 

"Can you cum again ?", I asked innocently. "Oh yea, probably a few more times", she answered. This was new to me. While Susan had never been the one to have orgasm problems, she never came more than once in a session. "How about you ?" Beth replied, "You wanna cum with me this time ?" I nodded my head yes. 

She placed the two fingers that had just been in her pussy in her mouth and sucked on them slowly. She then lowered them back between her legs and started rubbing her clit again. First slowly, but constantly increasing in speed, though not as urgent as before. By now my cock was throbbing, my balls swollen, ready to erupt. "I wanna see you cum up close" , Beth told me. "Come sit next to me over here."
I got up and moved right next to her on the sofa. As I sat down, my thigh was touching her thigh and I could feel the heat her body was giving off. We watched each other for several minutes until it became apparent to her I was not going to last much longer. She leaned over to me and softly whispered " You wanna switch hands ?" By this time I was too far gone to even care anymore. "Oh God yes ", I answered. 

She took her right hand out of her pussy. I could see the juices rolling off her fingers. She wrapped it around my cock and began a slow, methodical motion. I moved my left hand down to her pussy. I slid my finger easily inside her. She was positively drenched. After a second of fumbling, I found her clit. "Oh yea " she whispered, "Right there." I began the rapid circular motions that I know Susan liked, but I was really out of practice. After a few moment though, I seemed to get it right. Beth started pumping my cock faster and moving her hips. "Oh God, I'm close again." She turned her head and looked at me and for once I took control. I leaned over and pressed my lips to her in a long deep kiss. Her tongue quickly found mine and in a few mere moments, she was cumming again. "Fuck" she screamed, "Cum nowwwww. She was pounding my cock like a pro. All at once it hit me. Beth arched her back once more and cried out softly, " Oh God its so fucking good." Before she barely finished those words, I felt my body spasm and my cock erupted shooting out wave after wave of hot cum. Beth continued to stroke and squeeze my cock until it was completely dry. She leaned up and once again kissed me long and deep. When our lips parted, she smiled and asked, "Do you think this could be a regular thing between us." Somehow I just can't see why not.


pics---->> http://bit.ly/1D1q3qp