The Greatest Parade Float Ever
by lemon_tree

All story credit goes to Executionus

You ever meet two girls where the only reason one of them isn't dead in a ditch somewhere is because they've both seen too many episodes of Law and Order? That would describe Brianna and Jenna. Pure hatred, stemming from the fact that they have nearly identical personalities and their town ain't big enough for the both of them. Since middle school these two faced off in competition for every item, or person, that they ever wanted. Both dyed their hair blonde and both accused the other of copying their look. They hit on the same boys, befriended the same girls, played the same games and sports, and by some twist of dark magic they shared almost every class. Literally a dozen times the two girls wound up in a frantic fight over the last shirt on a Wal-Mart clearance rack. Imagine living in a small town with a girl who is constantly trying to be you, usually at your expense.

While similarities ran rampant, there was one enormous difference between the two girls: Brianna had a secret dark side to her sexuality. She loved BDSM, ENF, ENM, collar-lead, the whole nine yards. Her accounts on numerous dark corner websites told a tale of tantric sadism. Jenna was light years more vanilla by comparison. Relevant to this story, though, is Brianna's interest in female sexual-torture devices. As the cold winds of November rolled in, Brianna developed a plan that would be remembered forever in the storied history of Thanksgiving humiliations.

Jenna was in the mood for a Pumpkin Spice Latte a few days before Thanksgiving, and as she walked in to the cafe she was barely even surprised to see Brianna already in line. Brianna, however, was ecstatic, leaving the line to run up to Jenna. "JEN-NUH!" she called in a mocking tone. "Brian-NUH" was the response. This greeting ritual has gone on for a year, with no sign of stopping. Brianna happily declared "You! We need a bet. I need out of the house Thanksgiving to escape from asshole central. You're it. Football game. Pick a team. Loser stars in a parade for our friends on a float I had Johnny rig up on the back of his truck, buttass naked except for a towel with 'SLUT' sprayed on it. In the cold, outside. Long story, no time to explain and I don't wanna ruin your surprise any damn way. If I lose, Johnny knows what to do, and his pervy ass ain't letting me weasel out of anything. You in, or you gonna wimp out?"

Jenna was mad now for several reasons, including that Brianna was once AGAIN moving in on their mutual-crush Johnny despite their "truce" agreement to leave him be. After the barrage of the full 30-second word salad had hit Jenna's ears, Jenna immediately fired back "Bitch, don't be running up on me like we're friends. You're lucky there's so many witnesses here or else I'da helped you sleep right through Thanksgiving, probably half of Black Friday too. Totally not surprised that you want to get me naked, you damn dike, since you've had your nose up in my business so long that we're common-law at this point. Whatever. I need a way out too, since Uncle Creepy will be there. I'm in. Damn you're gonna feel stupid for this idea too, cause the Salt Lake Missionaries are like a 2-1 favorite, so hope you like it cold." Brianna suddenly looked worried, fiddled with her phone, and then asked "Who are you picking?" "The Missionaries, duh." "And who are they fighting?" "The Dakota Rushmores. It's gonna be one-sided as hell, bitch"

After final arrangements were made, the two got their drinks and went home. Thanksgiving was a mix of food, fun, and utter cringe (as it is for most folks). Jenna couldn't watch the game, but she checked up on it with her phone. Sure enough, the Missionaries won handily, and the very moment the match was finalized she was excused to meet up with her "friends" for a little while.

Jenna arrived to see a weird pole in the back of Johnny's truck, like a stripper pole but way too short, and she noticed several of their friends gathered up. She walked up to the small crowd of people strutting her stuff. "Time to parade, Brian! Work that pole like we all know you can" Brianna looked at her funny and then started laughing. "Um, Jenny from the Cock, I didn't lose, you did." Jenna took 5 seconds to process the utter BS of that statement, responding with "In what universe? I picked the Missionaries, they dominated."

Brianna lowered her head in annoyance, before yelling out "Goddamnit girl, I knew you'd try this. That's why I recorded the bet for everyone to hear." Brianna played the file on her phone: "Who are you picking?" "The Dakota Rushmores. It's gonna be one-sided as hell, bitch" The file was clearly spliced, but only Brianna and Jenna knew it.

Jenna started angrily calling foul, using the type of language that would get you fired from HBO, until Brianna cut her off "Ok, enough stalling and weaseling. This is literally more embarrassing than my family was all day. Johnny, let's get this show on the road." Johnny grabbed Jenna by her wrist and pulled her towards his truck. Jenna attempted to break free, but that wasn't happening. Johnny could've swung her skinny body like a flail if he wanted to. Once at the truck, Johnny leered over her in his usual 'would probably have sex with a couch if he had to' manner and told her "Either you can get naked yourself, or I get to do it for you, but one way or the other this is happening."

At this point Jenna basically gave up fighting, knowing that it was all for nothing and was making her look chicken in front of all of her friends. "Fine! I'll take my clothes off, but I need the towel first" Johnny's face went weird and he asked "Towel?" Jenna was hit with intense dread, and reiterated "The towel with 'slut' painted on it that I'm supposed to wear in this parade. I'm not taking my clothes off until I can wrap the towel around me first, duuuuh" Johnny yelled loudly "Hey Brianna, what's this about a towel?" Brianna walked over to them "There's no towel, you know that. The loser gets buttass naked and mounted on the one bar prison. Why the ... would we have agreed to let the loser cover it up? Literally the whole point was to watch her dance on it, right?" Johnny answered "Yeah, that's what I thought. I wasn't gonna spend $100 on this thing just to have it all hidden anyway"

Jenna was frantic now and screamed "What the hell are you two talking about? What the actual ... is a one bar prison? And I am NOT getting up there naked, not a chance in hell." Brianna rolled her eyes and then coldly commanded "You grab her arms, I'll strip her" Before Jenna could move, Johnny was behind her and her arms were locked tight. Jenna was kicking and screaming "NO NO NO, LET ME GO! SOMEBODY HELP ME THEY'RE TRYING TO STRIP ME NAKEEEED!" As you might expect, her screaming this only managed to accomplish getting everybody's undivided attention and readying their phones.

Brianna had Jenna's coat unzipped and pulled off in an instant, with big Johnny releasing one arm at a time to remove it and toss it aside. The process was repeated with her shirt. Jenna screamed loudly again when Brianna went for the bra, and it too was easily ripped free. The cold air hit bare nipples, instantly making them harder than diamonds. Jenna flailed and struggled, but she had no way of covering her exposed boobies one bit as many of her very best friends (boys and girls) continued filming the whole stripping process. Johnny then handcuffed Jenna's hands behind her back, rendering them useless, and then put her into a full nelson lifting Jenna up slightly to make her dangle. This was killing her leverage and allowing Brianna to take off her shoes without getting kicked. Next the pants came down, leaving only a little pair of pink panties remaining on Jenna's frigid little body. Jenna was scared to death now, begging her captors "Ok please guys, I'm sorry for everything I've ever done. Don't take my panties too, I'll give you anything. Seriously! Money, whatever. Just please, don't take my panties. Don't let everybody see my pussy! Don't let them take pictures of my pussy and videos of my pussy and put it on YouTube! I will seriously do ANYTHING, please!" Brianna silently put her fingers into Jenna's waistband. Jenna screamed "PLEASE NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" as she felt the cotton slide down her hips, thighs, legs, and feet.

Brianna was loving every minute of this, especially knowing now that Jenna was shaved bald down there. This was going to make the show vastly more graphic. She looked at Johnny and ordered "For all of the whining and trying to con her way out of this, grab her by the legs and open her wide for the cameras." Jenna shouted "OH MY GOD!" as her body was hoisted up and her legs flung open. Not only were her legs spread wide for everyone to see, but the opening process also opened up her bare little pussy like the blooming of a flower, giving all of her best friends the most explicit view inside of her possible. Everybody's cameras were moved just a few inches away to get extreme closeups of the goods. Jenna thought that she couldn't possibly be more humiliated, but she had no idea.

Brianna continued giving orders "Ok, gag her screaming ass, and then carry her like that to the truck. It'll make it easier to put her on the bar." Johnny happily did as he was told, leading to Jenna getting a good look at what fate awaited her. The bar was waist high, the top of the bar was a dildo, and at the bottom there were leg clamps meant to lock her in place with her legs spread significantly. Jenna frantically tried to escape, desperate beyond words, but she could never overpower a guy the size of Johnny as he placed the entrance to her naked pussy right up on the tip of the dildo sticking straight up. Jenna tried to close herself, tried to fight this invasion of her inner sanctum, but the excitement of exposure and the rush of the cold combined to make her pussy quite wet already. It took some wiggling around, but in a few seconds the large penis-shaped dildo slid all the way inside of her. Brianna wasted no time adjusting the bar and locking Jenna's legs into the device.

Once installed, Jenna was trapped in the most humiliating contraption ever invented. The one bar prison is designed to hold a defenseless girl in place, standing and exposed, because gravity prevents the girl from lifting herself off of the dildo. The bar forces her to stand immobile, and the leg clamps set her pose as an upside-down Y. She was now utterly unable to move anything below the waist, and her hands were handcuffed behind her back. Standing in the back of this truck bed, everybody in attendance could see every single detail, right down to her labia wrapping itself around the base of the shaft. There was absolutely zero chance of her escaping or even covering up one inch of her nudity.

Everybody got several pictures of Jenna on the bar, until Johnny started up his truck. Jenna's heart skipped a beat as the truck began to slowly roll forwards. Johnny's truck is an older truck, and while running there is a slight rumble.
This vibration was transfered directly deep inside of Jenna's helpless pussy by the metal bar and dildo holding her in place. As the truck moved, Jenna noticed herself getting intensely horny mixed in with her humiliation and shame.
Brianna in the passenger seat yelled out "Oh by the way, Jen-eric, I made sure to get the word out about today's parade. I can't wait to see how many people show up!"

The truck rolled down the backroads slowly until it came upon a long and straight road, no trees or cover of any kind. Jenna looked on in horror as she saw hundreds of teens, including hundreds of boys. As the truck slowly drove the new parade float down the road, Jenna struggled in vain to escape. There weren't just high schoolers either, tons of young adults home from college were enjoying the parade too. Jenna tried desperately to hide that her world was being utterly rocked by the vibrating bar inside of her, as this secret was her one last meager scrap of dignity remaining. All of the boys cheering, making wolf-whistles, and yelling obscene comments were making the ruse even harder. She noticed several young tweeny boys in the crowd staring, mouths open, as some older brothers and sisters brought them along to enjoy their first naked girl.

It was then that she saw her OWN little brother, the biggest smile possible, with his phone out recording her as she came near. When she thought she had hit rock bottom, she saw her creepy uncle next to him, phone in hand too. As she was paraded closer to her own family, her body started losing control from the extreme shame of it all and the constant vibration and penetration. She begged into her gag "Oh God, please no God, not here. Don't make me do it here in front of them! Anywhere else, please! Oh God. OH GOD!!!" As she verbally pleaded with the Heavens, her orgasm hit her intensely with her naked pussy only 2 feet away from the phones of her uncle and little brother. They were both zoomed right in on it, watching her lips contract on the pole and hearing her moan and cry out as she came. Once she had been driven a few more feet, she clearly heard her uncle celebrate and say "Well boys, looks like she just came. Guess she likes the attention. And damn, the rear view is just as great as the front." She then heard everyone else in the crowd ask for those videos to be shared to the rest of them, and she realized in horror that the entire small town was going to know what her pussy lips look like when they cum around a dildo in full 4K HD.

Jenna the parade float continued on until she reached the end of the street. At last, Johnny stopped the truck and got out. He unlatched Jenna's legs, and then lifted her off of the bar. Brianna removed the gag from the still-handcuffed girl, who was too worn out and defeated to say anything anyway. Brianna smiled and declared "Let this be the last time. You stop always trying to be me. You're now the official town slut. Go be that for a change and leave me the hell alone."

Jenna barely reacted to those words at first, but then she had an epiphany: Holy cow, she was right! Jenna suddenly realized that this horrible experience had freed her at last, transforming her into somebody Brianna would never be. Jenna stood up, still handcuffed, still completely naked, and stood mere inches in front of Johnny. She then seductively purred "I know you've always wanted me more than you ever did her. I've always wanted you. Admit it loudly for everyone to hear, right in her face, and you can do me right here and now in front of everyone. Claim my virginity. I'm already on the pill, it'll be skin on skin. Say the words and your dick can finally taste my treasure." Johnny immediately answered "Sorry Brianna, but she's right. I've always wanted her more than you."

As Brianna watched in shock, and the crowd watched in awe, Jenna made good on her promise. In front of countless cheering witnesses and cameras, Johnny stuffed her like a turkey on a Thanksgiving neither one would ever forget.


