Evil Step Brothers
One Saturday 3 months ago, my parents went on a 4 day cruise leaving me home with my stepbrother's John and Jeff (they are both 18, and they are twins and do nearly everything together). I'm 16, and was just upstairs listening to music, when Jeff called me from downstairs. I went to the top of the stairs, and asked him what he wanted. 

“Ahh, your friend Marcia is on the phone!" 

I was wearing a white tank and cotton sports shorts with the string ties hanging in the front of them. I proceeded downstairs, and went in to the kitchen the phone was sitting on the table,so I picked it up. 

"Hello? Hello? Wait, there's no one here! Very funny Jeff!!" 

I went into the living room to ask for an explanation for why he told me to come down. "Hey, why did you tell.. mmppphhhh!!!!" 

Jeff silenced me with his hand from behind. I was totally caught off guard, and I didn't know what was going on. 

He whispered in my ear, "Remember when you walked in on me in my room without knocking and saw me naked? Then you told everyone you caught me jerking off? Well it’s payback time. Time to have a little fun with you!” 

I couldn’t believe it. This had happened like 6 months ago or longer! Plus the truth was he WAS jerking off and I could not stop laughing about it. The look on his face and his reaction jumping around trying to cover his thing was priceless. I could not keep it to myself! I knew he was probably upset about me letting something like that out but I had no idea he had been harboring all this anger inside all this time. 

John appeared in front of me grinning evilly. I was led over to the couch by Jeff and he pushed me down. Just as I was about to sit down, and Jeff was loosening his grip on me, I decided to make a break for it. I suddenly shoved away from him, and tried to run. He reached out grabbing the back of my shorts trying to pull me back. They came ½ way down from behind. I tried to swat his hand away and kept running away as my shorts got tugged further and further down. I held onto them from in front trying to make sure they didn’t come all the way down but then he yanked them down hard forcing them (and my knickers too!) down to my knees in one fell swoop. John jumped in front of me and I was sort of tackled to the ground by both of them with my shorts down around my legs. With my shorts and knickers around my knees I landed bare butt on the carpet with a thud struggling all the way down. Before I knew it, they were both on top of me, holding me down like this. 

“Oh my God my shor… mmppphh!!” I began to scream only to have my mouth silenced by Jeff’s hand again before I could say anything else. I kicked and squirmed with my bare butt and hips wiggling around on full display for their viewing pleasure still trying to get lose. 

"Get me the duct tape, quick!! I can't manage her on my own for long!" Jeff yelled to John. John ran to end table and threw back the roll of tape they apparently had ready to go already. Jeff pulled my arms above my head while John got back into position to hold my ankles down. I was face-up so from his angle he probably got a perfect view right up my you-know-what! 

John (probably feeling the awkwardness of me with my pants pulled down and fully exposed right in front of them) began to slide my shorts back up to get them back on me properly but Jeff stopped him saying, “No!”, and it was my fault that they came down so now I should be left that way. Then Jeff, the sick-o pervert that he is, thought it would be funny to reach out and pull my tank top all the way up past my boobs to my chin exposing my bra-less boobies. They both were evilly grinning watching me struggle and wiggle around exposed from neck to feet with my boobies shaking around. Still startled by their assault I struggled there fully exposed on the floor. 

I could not believe they were doing this to me, and had no idea what they had planned next for me...



Evil Step Brothers (Part 2)
Forcing my hands behind my back, Jeff pulled a long strip of tape off the roll and taped my wrists and hands together behind me with several wraps. I didn’t know what they had planned and wasn’t about to stick around to find out so at the right moment I quickly pulled my foot back (and out of my shorts to get it free) and riffled John square in the chest with my heel causing him to crumble backwards to the ground. The move took both of them by surprise giving me just enough time to kick lose and take off out of the room running full speed, this time with NO pants on, and my arms taped behind my back! 

I bolted bare-assed down the hall into the living with Jeff close behind me. He was laughing at the site of me running bottomless down the hall. He quickly caught up with me, grabbing me and slowing me down just enough so that John could make a recovery and make his way around from the kitchen to intercept me. Naked, bound, and embarrassed they surrounded me grabbing me around the waist trying to carry me back into the family room. I ended up falling down and they both pounced on me playfully tickling, pinching, and slapping my boob and butt without mercy. Begging for them to stop they squeezed my tits, pinched my nipples, grabbed handfuls of my ass, pulling my cheeks apart exposing my butthole and pussy, and generally groped every inch of me they could. 

Look at that”, Jeff was saying point to my shaved bikini area. “Looks smooth as a baby’s butt!”, he snickered staring at it up close and personal. I had just experimented the day before with shaving it clean so this was ironically extra embarrassing for me now. 

They resumed with their original plan to restrain me, first taping my ankles together with extra amounts of tape to make sure I would not break lose, then stuffing my mouth with a rag and taping it shut so I couldn’t even scream. 

It's a lot more peaceful around here without all your yapping!" Jeff said. I was so f***ed! Hopes of breaking lose from my restraints were basically impossible now. John and Jeff both sat holding me admiring their handiwork, and smiling their evil smiles! 

Jeff ran and got a long feather from my mom had as part of a decorative display in the hall entrance and when he returned they both took turns tickle torturing me with the feather while the other held me down. I struggled and screamed into my gag like a wild animal as they had their fun tickling my armpits, nipples, stomach, back, and bottoms of my feet. They tickled me EVERYWHERE. They dragged the feather up and down my thighs, and even spread my butt apart tickling me right on my exposed anus as I protested into my gag with all my might. I struggled so much John had to sit on me pinning me face down on the floor as Jeff tickled my butthole and pussy. The more I struggled and screamed the more they seemed to enjoy it. Eventually, to get the best angle, they flipped me on my back and forced my legs over bending me in half at the hip till my knees were almost touching my face! I felt my lips get spread apart till the feather was now making direct contact with my exposed clit. They tickled and touched my clit with that feather till it made me warm and wet. They continued relentlessly till could not stand it any longer! 

Bucking up and down John’s hips made incidental contact with my face. Startled I felt a hard shaft through his shorts press against my cheek and turned my head away. There was no hiding that he had gotten quite excited by all the perverted molestation of my helpless naked body. Noticing my reaction John grabbed the back of my head and pushed his hard shaft against my face this time grinding it against me laughing at me as I tried to turn away. Pinned on my back he positioned himself over me so that his crotch was only inched away from my face and then began unzipping his fly…







