---- My name is Ashwin, married and 34 years of age. I am born and brought up in
Mumbai. I have always been fascinated at the sight of sexy, beautiful women with
big boobs, sexy eyes and ravishing lips. I love to feel them and kiss them and
make love for hours and hours. This is a true story about a beautiful maid I
always wanted in my house. I am married and sometimes I do cross my boundaries.
I am and was always fascinated of having sex right from when I was in school. My
class teacher's boobs, which were huge, particularly fascinated me and sometimes
we all boys used to get glimpse of her boobs in blouse when occasionally her
pallu used to slip. (In fact it was more frequent). This is sexual encounter,
which I had with my maid when my wife had gone to spend few days at her sister's
place in Baroda.

My Maid was very sexy and gorgeous. She was little bit on the plumper side. She
was bestowed with beautiful assets, which could make any man go crazy. Most of
the time she used to wear skirts and I always used to stare at her thinking how
can I feel her lips, suck her boobs and make love to her. I was also afraid that
if I make any advances towards her she might tell my wife and my married life
will go haywire so thinking about this thing to have sex with my maid had
remained as a part of my fantasy until one day when my sister in law fell ill
and my wife had to go to her place for few days to help her.

At the back of my mind I was very happy that at last I had all the chance in
this world to fulfill my fantasy. Next day my maidservant came as usual at her
time finished her work and went away and I like a fool was thinking about the
missed opportunity cursing myself all the time. I thought that somehow I have to
take the opportunity of talking to her and was preparing myself mentally all the
time for next morning. At last the time came and somehow I took a bold decision
of talking to her under some pretext or other I went to her. I asked her about
her family etc.

That day she was wearing Ghagra and choli. She was looking very sexy and I was
continuously staring at her boobs, waistline and when she was bending I was
looking at her ass and fantasizing about making love to her. Somehow I don't
know how but I told her she was looking beautiful in her dress today. Her
response was very casual. I could not see any reaction on her face. She has
excellent facial features and her body is very tight and voluptuous. It gave me
a kick and I was thrilled to see no reaction from her. I could feel my erection
getting harder.

From that day she became little friendly with me. She was careless about her
pallu and would not care to put it right, to cover her cleavage, giving a good
sight to my eyes while she is talking to me.

Next day as I was getting ready to go for bath the doorbell rang I was only
wrapped in my towel at that time. To my great surprise maid is standing in front
of me. She had come a little early that day to work. I was happy that I was
standing only in a towel. The sight of her boobs, cleavage and her sexy lips
begin to speak inside my towel. She entered the house staring at me, and my
naked body. I watched her swaying hips as she passed by me and went in to
kitchen.

My erection was now at its peak. I closed the door and begin to walk, but it was
getting difficult for me to walk. I had taken a few steps only and I saw that
she was returning from the kitchen. She came near me and wanted to ask me
something but her mouth is just left open. I could not understand at first, but
then I look at her sexy eyes and could feel that she is staring at my dick. I
was shocked to see that my erection had slipped from its place and was peeping
out from the middle, open part of the towel.

I could not understand what to do and what not to do. As she was a little
friendly to me she laughed and did not mind it. This gave me encouragement and
kept it just as it was .I thought now I have to take the opportunity, I gathered
all the courage and told her that I have never seen such beautiful boobs, sexy
lips in my life. She blushed and gave me a sexy smile. I went closer to her and
took her in my arms and kissed on her lips. Her lips were shivering and I could
feel that her body was also trembling and her breathing had become more intense
and deeper.

I kissed her passionately for few minutes on her lips and when I could sense
that she is responding to my kisses I started kissing on her neck slowly going
down and kissing her cleavage. All the time I was caressing her ass. Suddenly
she pushed me as she came back to reality. At that time I thought it was no
looking back and I made advances towards her again. She started resisting and
was all the time saying NONothis is not good.

I managed to convince her by saying at least allow me do it once I want to feel
you and this is all natural. Giving her crap, finally she fell in to my charming
words and I took her to my bedroom. She was standing next to me. I removed the
pallu from her shoulders and threw it on the bed. Then I started again kissing
her sucking her lips and slowly caressing her boobs and slowly started to unhook
her blouse buttons.

She is not wearing a bra and her boobs are beginning to be visible slowly. As I
unhooked all the buttons I was really amazed to see her boobs and tits  they
were looking ravishing. I took one of the tits in my mouth and started sucking
it and nibbling it slowly and at the same time I was caressing her other boob.
They were of good shape, bulky, very fair, soft white and slippery. My erection
was getting beyond control and it was again peeping out of my towel. She took my
dick in her hand and started moving her hands softly all along the length of my
dick. I was getting more excited by the way she was doing itshe was teasing me
rather than holding my dick properly in her hand.

I held both her boobs, one each in my hand and begin to squeeze them slowly and
sometimes very hard, enjoying to my full extent. Meanwhile she also started
moving her hand on my erection giving electric shocks to me. I am also enjoying
myself and I begin to move my hands downwards rubbing her soft white belly and
the navel. We were exploring each other's body touching and feeling it and
enjoying every moment of it. I started kissing on her neck on her back licking
her back from her waist to her neck and behind her ears  telling all nice
things to her in her ears. Like I am going to stuff your pussy with my dick and
also praising her body all the time. She was getting more and more aroused. I
could feel that she had lost all the control over herself and as I was licking
her back I was also squeezing her boobs and I could also feel her arse on my
dick which was making me feel more horny.

She was also enjoying what I was doing to her. Her nipples had become erect and
I was slowly caressing her tits in circles. We were enjoying this position
enjoying every moment of it. After sometime I stared licking her on her arse
removing her ghagara completely and was licking her arse at the rim of her
panties and slowly removing it.
Her back (arse) was very-very sexy and I started squeezing it and licking it at
the same time. Her pussy was covered with hair and I started circling my finger
in her bushes and slowly teasing her by taking my fingers till her clits and
again coming back to her bush I could feel that she was waiting for me to touch
it. I started circling her bush with my tongue and I could smell the aroma of
her nectar coming out. I slowly slipped my tongue in to her pussy and I could
feel the taste of her nectar flowing out from her pussy. I started lapping her
pussy like a mad person nibbling her clits and inserting my tongue in her pussy.
I was enjoying every moment of it as I could see her getting more and more
aroused. Then leaving her pussy I started licking her asshole. It was sending
electric waves through her whole body.

After staying there for sometime, I started kissing her passionately everywhere.
She was moaning and her moaning sound were becoming louder and louder. She
pulled me on her and started kissing me and took my dick in her hand and started
pumping it. And to my utter surprise she took it in her mouth and started
licking it biting it sending passionate shivers all through my body. I was
pushing my dick in her mouth and she was very supportive in taking it all
inside.

After sucking for few minutes she took my nuts (testicles) in her mouth and
started sucking them. It was paining very badly for me but at the same time I
was enjoying it too. Then I told her about "69" position and she started sucking
and pumping my dick and I was licking and biting her clits tongue fucking her at
the same time. With great difficulty I was holding my cum from not coming out.
When she started pumping my dick vigorously I ejected all my cum in her mouth
and she drank every bit of it and cleaned my dick with her tongue too. It was
really amazing and a very fulfilling experience as I had never experienced it
likes that before in my life.

After relaxing for few minutes I was getting aroused again I wanted to fuck her
pussy in every position I could think of. I started rubbing her pussy and
teasing her clits with my finger and putting my finger inside her pussy and
moving it in circular motion. All the time I could hear her saying all dirty
nasty thingsthat was arousing me more. I could feel that she was getting
aroused again and her pussy was flowing with nectar again. She told me that she
wanted to ride my dickI said to her it is all yours baby and then she sat on my
dick. and slowly started pumping my dick.

Then I fucked her in doggy style caressing her boobs and then I also kept my
dick in between her boobs and ejected all my cum on her body. And then I licked
her body with my cum all over her and also tasted her pussy with my cum mixed
with her nectar. From that day whenever we got a chance we made use of the
opportunity.
