The Tormenting of Cat Cooper (snuff, NC)
By James Serpha (giallo_ferox@hotmail.com)

April 10, 2001

        Cat Cooper was eighteen years old, a student at Connally High 
School in Amarillo, Texas.  She was tall (5'9) and pretty despite 
having not lost all of her body fat.  She had a long reddish brown hair 
and she wore small, round glasses over her green eyes.  Over the past 
summer, she had finally developed breasts and had gone from being 
essentially flat to sporting a C-cup.  She still felt awkward about her 
new body and on that day, she was a wearing a baggy red t-shirt and 
blue jeans. 
        A painfully shy girl, Cat only felt truly comfortable when she 
was in the water.  As soon as school got out, she'd get in her red BMW 
(an 18th birthday gift from her Daddy, a lawyer she saw on the 
weekends) and drive to her mom's suburban two house.  She'd run inside, 
toss her books to the side, pet her kitty, and then grab a black one- 
piece bathing suit.  During the three hours before mommy got home, Cat 
would go out to their pool and she'd swim and feel beautiful for at 
least a little bit. 
        That day, when she ran out to the pool house, carrying her 
swimsuit with her, she didn't even notice she was being watched.
 
        It was a small pool house.  As of late, it had doubled as a 
storage facility and the floor was cluttered with whatever her mom 
couldn't get rid of after the divorce - a busted clock radio, a few of 
her daddy's old golf clubs, a couple of empty picture frames, amongst 
other things.  The red couch where Cat had lost her virginity (a big 
mistake, the guy was a jerk) sat against the left wall.  Across from 
that historical landmark was a white changing table with a mirror 
sitting over it. 
 As Cat came in, she took off her eyeglasses and neatly closing them, 
she placed them on the table.  She unzipped her baggy jeans and lowered 
them down to her ankles.  Bending over, she pulled them off and 
revealed the skimpiest of black panties, the back of which left much of 
her ass revealed.  As she stood back up, she wondered how all of those 
stupid jocks in school would react if they knew what she was wearing 
under her modest clothing.  Standing straight up, she looked at herself 
in the mirror and unbuttoned her shirt, letting it fall to the floor. 
Her bra was also black, also silk with half-moon cups that showed off 
the top halves of her recently ripened breasts.  She stared at herself 
in the mirror, wondering what the school quarterback would think if he 
walked into the pool house and saw her in only her skimpy black undies. 
For the last few months, she had gotten all of her underwear from 
Victoria's Secret.  Cat wanted to wear sexy clothing but so far, she 
still didn't have the confidence to take any risks with her "public" 
look.  Only with her underwear, the private clothing only she knew she 
was wearing, did she feel comfortable trying to be desirable. 
Slipping the brassiere off and freeing her firm, pink-nippled breasts, 
Cat smiled and said, "You are one hot momma."  She laughed at the pure 
cheesiness of the line.  Her body was developing nicely.  Still had 
some weight to lose, especially in her butt, but still -- not too bad! 
Cat slipped off her panties, revealing the dark triangle of pubic hair 
between her thighs. 
"You look good, girl," she reassured herself.  And fuck anyone who 
didn't think so- 
BANG!!!! The door was kicked open with such fury that the doorknob left 
a hole in the pool house's wall.  Though stunned by the sudden violence, 
Cat still managed to keep her balance as she swung around, her left arm 
covering her breasts while her arm hand went over her crotch, her 
terrified mind telling her as she turned that it had to be a strong 
wind, an incoming storm, that was all- 
Her mind was barely able to register the tightly clenched fist that 
smashed into her mouth, drawing blood from her lower lip, and sending 
her off her feet.  Her naked body crashed to the floor, her back 
painfully crushing a cardboard box of old newspapers underneath her. 
Only when she hit the ground was she able to let out a terrified cry - 
 "AHHH!" followed by, "Oh God-"  She struggled to get up, to see who 
was attacking her, but her mind was reeling and she thrashed 
helplessly, unable to bring her movements together.  Footsteps were 
coming towards her and, out of the corner of her eye, she could see the 
boots.  Black leather cowboy boots coming towards her slowly.  Tears 
were coming to her eyes and as she cried out, "PLEASE...NO...OH GOD-" 
she swallowed a chipped piece of tooth and tasted warm, salty blood in 
her mouth.  The boots continued to come near her, stopping sometimes to 
pace back and forth or even step back before coming forward again, 
toying with her, letting Cat know that he had time to truly make her 
suffer. 
Finally, she managed to plant her feet on the floor and stagger up, her 
spine aching while her bloody lip swelled and throbbed with pain.  The 
room was spinning and, as she frantically breathed trying to control 
the terror burning inside her, she couldn't focus on anything, couldn't 
even focus on her attacker, despite that the room was tiny and she knew 
he was in front of her, about to strike.  She was naked, had never felt 
so bare and exposed.  Her skin, her breasts, her sex - she could feel 
how unprotected they were, how vulnerable they were.  Her cheeks were 
wet with tears, her eyes blood red, and finally, she was able to 
sputter out, "Why are you hurting me!?"  Her attacked didn't say 
anything, torturing her with silence.  She couldn't focus, couldn't 
make out his features, but she could feel his hate, the sadism rising 
off of him in thick, dark vapors.  Finally, she managed to 
scream, "PLEASE!  WHY!?  I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING!"  Her voice 
disappeared into frantic sobs and she was able to croak out, "don't 
hurt me...." 
Without a word, the attacker pulled back his fist and as it came flying 
forward, Cat opened her mouth, "NOOOOOOOO-" and her horrified scream 
became a strangled groan as the first smashed into the triangle of 
pubes covering her sex, sending such torturous pain through her body 
that when she opened her mouth, she couldn't scream but gasp.  She 
staggered back, her hands automatically clamping down over her cunt, 
trying to stop the pain from spreading.  She felt blood, oh god, she 
was bleeding, his blow had damaged her.  She looked down and raised her 
hands just enough to see the red blood dripping through her pubes.  "oh 
god..." she gasped, "oh god..."  She was bleeding from her clit.  Her 
insides felt twisted, oh god, what had this ... what had he done to 
her ... she raised her head, crying out as the back of hand caught her 
right cheek, sending her falling back, crashing into the pool house 
corner, causing chips of plaster to coat her shoulder.  She staggered 
forward and suddenly plunged downward.  She landed on her stomach, her 
breasts painfully smushed against the floor.  For two seconds, her 
world went black and she cried out, terrified she had died, but just as 
quickly, her vision came back.  Groaning in agony, she rolled onto her 
side, her back to her tormenter, her legs tucked up in a fetal position 
to protect her sex. 
Fleck stood over her.  As looked down at the nude teenage body, he 
could feel himself getting hard.  Her hair fell in clumps over her 
bruised and tear-stained face and her entire body, curled up on the 
floor, was shaking, fearful and by now understanding that her entire 
future was up to him.  She had tucked her legs up to her stomach, 
leaving him a perfect view of her behind.  His cock was throbbing in 
his jeans, enraged by the possibilities of that lovely ass.  He wanted 
to tear inside of her, forcing her to swim in her own blood, possessing 
her body in its final struggles.  The desire within him - he didn't 
know how long he'd be able to play with her before he didn't have any 
choice but to begin the final assault. 
Staring down at her, he said, "We're going to play." 
On the floor, Cat's fear and pain were still coming in waves but her 
mind was finally straight enough to add anger to the mix.  She had 
feared her attacker and she had begged her attacker, and now she hated 
him.  She wasn't going to be raped and she wasn't going to die and she 
sure as Hell wasn't going to let him hurt her anymore.  The rage built 
up in her body until all she knew was hate.  This man was going to 
regret attacking her.  She was going to make him suffer. 
She opened her eyes, scanning the floor as her body tensed for attack. 
A few feet from her head - daddy's golf clubs.  She closed her eyes and 
silently counted to ten. Her anger seemed to vibrate outside of her, 
giving her the strength to stagger upward.  As she stood on her feet, 
she saw his clenched fist and, with perfect timing, she jerked her head 
out of the way and the first crashed into the wall, leaving a hole. 
Ducking, Cat managed to grab one of the clubs just as he turned towards 
her to attack again.  Defiantly, trying not to feel the pain flowing 
through her, Cat clutched the gold club.  It was heavier than she had 
expected but she managed to keep it steady and pointed at the man, who 
was now before her but his features still blurred by her pain and anger. 
"Get the fuck back," she said, wincing only slightly as more blood 
dripped from her split lip. 
He smiled.  The bastard actually fucking smiled at her.  But he did 
take two steps back. 
"Keep moving!" she said but now she knew her voice was getting weak and 
the aches in her body were resurging - oh God, she had to be strong... 
Fleck smiled again.  He was amused at the sight of this naked, 
trembling girl threatening her with a golf club and he wondered if she 
had any idea how many had tried to fight back.  And did she think she 
would somehow be the one to beat him off?  He looked at her and 
motioned for her to take her best shot. 
Enraged, Cat screamed, "FUCK YOU!"  and swung the club at her 
attacker.  He ducked, easily avoiding the club.  The force of her swing 
caused Cat to spin around and she staggered back into the counter, the 
room spinning, the pain and the fear returning and the attacker, that 
ugly smile still on his bearded face and Cat felt so weak, she just 
wanted it to end...NO!  She was not going to give up, she was not going 
to let this fucker win!  With a gasp of desperation and anger, she 
again swung.  Laughing now, he leaned back as the club harmlessly 
whizzed past his chest.  Again, she couldn't stop the failed swing and 
the club crashed into the mirror with a CRASH!!! that sent shards of 
reflective glass smashing down to the corner and suddenly the fatigue 
kicked in. She had used all of her reserved energy on those attacks and 
as the club grew heavy in her hand, she cursed herself for not pacing. 
The club fell to the floor before she even realized it had slipped from 
her hands.  The sobbing gasps, which had stopped when she fought back, 
returned as her attacked mover towards her and roughly grabbed her 
shoulders, his fingers digging into her bare flesh.  Cat looked into 
his face, saw the mocking smile, and her eyes widened in terror. 
        She stared to shake her head frantically.  No...no...no...Fleck 
smiled, nodded, and threw her body against the other wall.  Her body 
hit like a rag doll and Fleck watched the way her boobs bounced at 
impact.  She fell off the wall, landing on her side in front of the 
couch, her face facing his mud-stained boots as he approached her. 
        When the boots stopped in front of her, Cat closed her eyes, 
shutting them tight even as her tears continued to slip through.  This 
couldn't happen.  Why was he here?  Had he seen Cat, driving home, and 
decided...oh god, she didn't want to think about it.  She tried to 
force it out of her mind, tried to think of something comforting until 
it was over ... oh god, when would it be over?  All the time she had 
spent worrying about her looks, he had been out there plotting to kill 
her ... the thought of it made the pain even more intense and she 
yelled out - "AHHHHH!!!"  Suddenly, she heard something moving through 
the air and just as she opened her eyes, the tip of his boot violently 
smashed into the soft flesh of her belly and she let out another cry - 
OWWWAAHHHH...oh god...oh please...no more-and she saw the boot go 
back.  "PLEASE!SOMEBODY HELPME!"  Her terrified voice filled the 
pool house and she prayed someone had heard her just as he kicked her in 
the belly, only this time, instead of taking his foot back, he moved it 
down to her bloody crotch.  He cruelly paused and then grinded the heel 
into her wounded clitoris causing her to scream and beg, "NO!!! 
OHGODITHURTS!!!PLEASE!!!NOMORE!!!" as the worst pain she had ever felt 
filled her body, causing her breathing to quicken and her breasts to 
almost rhythmically shake as her chest frantically went up and down. 
Nobody had come to rescue her.  She knew the door was still open and 
she knew her scream had been ear splitting - anyone outside would have 
heard.  Oh God...please..don't let them abandon me...please 
help... "HELP ME PLEASE!!! PLEASE HELP!!!" 
        Staring down at her quivering body, Fleck knew she'd been down 
for a while.  No risk of her coming at him with a golf club this time 
and the poor thing probably didn't even realize that this was just for 
his amusement, he hadn't even started to get serious with her, yet.  He 
liked the way her body contorted with each new attack - for him, 
abusing her was like being a kid destroying a toy.  His huge cock, 
throbbing, demanded this girl's ultimate violation.  Waiting any longer 
to satisfy his bloodlust just wouldn't be fair to himself. 
        He walked, first to the door, forcing it closed even though it 
was half off its hinges.  When he finally got it closed, he heard the 
girl's fearful whimpering get louder and he said, "No escape for you, 
cunt."  He went over to the counter.  In the middle of it was a sink. 
He turned on the water and then looked down at the black panties on the 
floor.  He grabbed them and, after holding them to his nose and 
savoring the smell of young pussy, he put them under the sink.  He 
turned on the water, soaking the underwear. 
        The dripping panties in his hand, he walked back over to the 
girl.  Her breathing was less disjointed and her sobs softer.  She 
started to beg him and her voice was still weak but stronger, 
indicating that she had regenerated at least enough energy for him to 
continue.  "please..." she begged, "ive done nothing to you...im not a 
bad person...just let me go...I won't go to the police ... I swear 
it...." 
        Most girls as scared as her offered him sex.  She didn't.  To 
Fleck, this meant she was either a prude or, even in her current 
nightmare, she refuses to sacrifice her self-respect.  Not that it 
mattered - in the end, every cunt he dealt with ended up in the same 
way.  Looking down at her, he said, "Do you want this to end?" 
        Her voice choked, she said, "Oh God, please yes..." 
        "There's only one thing you can do.  Do you know?" 
        She hesitated and when she opened her mouth to talk, all that 
came out with sobs.  He knew what she thought he was going to say.  She 
feared the answer.  When she heard otherwise, she'd be so happy, so 
grateful ... he held back a laugh. 
        "Clean my boots," he said. 
        On the floor, she looked at his boots, obviously 
confused.  "What?" 
        "Clean my boots.  You get them clean, you can leave here and 
you'll never see me again.  And as much as I've hurt you, I haven't 
done anything you can't recover from.  However, if you don't clean them 
to my satisfaction, then you will not leave.  I will do terrible, 
brutal things to your body.  I will fuck-" she gasped in fear as he 
confirmed her worst fears, "and I will kill you."  At kill, she started 
to shake her head, begging him not to.  He dropped the wet panties in 
front of her face and said, "Don't beg.  Just clean." 
        He watched as she slowly sat up and picked up her undies. 
Though she tried to keep quiet, he could tell from her expression that 
it hurt to move.  Using the panties, she cleaned first the right boot, 
then the left boot, scrubbing away at each mud splatter until it was 
gone.  As she finished, she went over them a second and then a third 
time and then she stared down at his boots, desperately trying to make 
sure she hadn't missed a spot.  In her mind, Cat was starting to feel a 
little glimmer of hope.  She could do this.  This was just another 
test - she was an A Student, she was good at tests.  She checked one 
last time and then looked up at him. 
        He smiled.  "Very good." 
        The girl exhaled a sigh of relief that she must have been 
holding since he made their deal.  She held her hand up to her heaving 
breasts.  She didn't smile, of course - she was still too traumatized 
for joy.  But he could see the relief entering her body.  Clearing his 
throat, Fleck said, "You are free to go after.." Suddenly, her body 
went rigid, fearful of what he would say, "...you kiss my boot. 
Whichever one you want." 
        Cat looked down at the boots.  He was making sure he knew she 
was nothing, a slave to him but it didn't matter.  She just wanted to 
live.  As she leaned forward and placed her lips on the tip of his left 
boot, she tried to think about getting back into the house, lying on 
her bed, listening to a Beatles CD, and petting her cat.  She'd get to 
do it all again and that's what mattered now.  She kissed the boot.  As 
she started to lean back, he spoke again and she stopped her face a few 
inches from his foot, listening to what he had to say in dread. 
        "Y'know the whole thing about cleaning my boots?"  Fleck said, 
staring down at her, "The agreement was that you'd live if you cleaned 
them, right?  Answer me." 
        Still frozen, she said, her voice small, "Yes - you - you 
promised." 
        Fleck laughed.  "You did a great job.  You really did.  But I 
think I'm going to kill you anyway, cunt." 
        She started to scream but he cut her off, sending his left boot 
into her face, hitting the bridge of her nose.  Cat heard the bones 
break as her back slammed up against the couch.  Her nose was broken - 
she could feel it crooked on her face and it hurt to breathe.  In 
agony, she tried to stand but the room was spinning around her and her 
vision kept fading in and out from black.  She knew she had to get to 
the door and throw it open and run out to the house, call the police, 
get help - it was all random, with no priority and she wondered if her 
mom was home ... Cat was going to be someone ... she didn't want to be 
found dead, nude, in the pool house at 18...she had to stand up and run 
but she couldn't ... her tormentor ... her murderer ... his back was to 
her ... he was at the counter ... what was he planning to do to her ... 
propped up against the couch, she weakly pulled her legs up to her 
chest and wrapped her arms around them, suddenly knowing she had to 
protect her vital organs... 
        In the few broken shards still hanging in the mirror, Fleck 
watched her.  He saw her bring her legs up to her chest and he thought 
that was a good idea - if she was hurting too much to run, she could at 
least protect her chest.  However, in tucking her legs up, she had left 
her thighs partially open, revealing the soft pink of her young pussy. 
At the sight of it, he felt his cock literally jump to life in his 
jeans and he felt like he was about to explode.  He couldn't wait any 
longer.  From the counter, he first picked up a broken piece of glass 
but then tossed it down and picked up the girl's small round eyeglasses. 
        He turned towards her and approached.  She watched, her lips 
quivering but she was silent.  Her nose was now grotesquely purple and 
crooked on her face and he could tell by looking in her eyes that she 
was about to pass out.  She wanted to run but couldn't stay alert long 
enough to try so she was going to try to block any more blows to her 
bare body. 
        He knelt down in front of her.  "You're a smart little bitch." 
        She turned her face away from him.  She didn't see him 
clutching her glasses as he held his hand back several inches from 
her.  Her head was still turned when he savagely thrust his hand 
forward, jamming her glasses into her pussy with such lust-driven 
strength that they pierced the pink vaginal walls and blood started to 
gush out. 
        She didn't see it but she felt it and, as he imagined, the 
sudden pain woke her up, brought her back to play with.  As he violated 
her, she threw her head back and howled in pain, begging and pleading 
for mercy.  Instead, he grabbed the glasses and pushed them against her 
pussy walls, making the original slashes deeper and making her scream 
even more - forcing her to beg, plead, scream for somebody to help her - 
 all in the same agonized sentence.  Finally, he let of her glasses, 
letting them protrude from her cunt like some sick joke.  Grabbing her 
shoulders, he pulled her up.  "PLEASE!" she was crying again, her voice 
a pathetic collection of sobs, "IT HURTS!  NO MORE!" 
        "Time to die, you fucking cunt." 
        "I CLEANED YOUR BOOTS!  YOU SAID-" 
        He cut her off by roughly shoving her across the room, until 
she was at the changing counter, facing the shattered mirror.  Standing 
behind her, Fleck roughly slapped her ass and then grabbed her hair and 
as she gasped, he roughly pushed her forward until her face was resting 
on the counter, next to a broken shard of mirror.  With her body 
leaning forward, her ass was pointed towards him.  When she heard him 
unzip his black jeans, she screamed, "OHGODPLEASEDONTPLEASEDONT!" 
Aware that he had been with this girl for too long, that there might be 
people outside, Fleck grabbed the black panties and the next time she 
started to scream, he stuffed them into her mouth.  Finally, he pulled 
his throbbing cock out of his jeans.  He pulled apart the girls butt 
cheeks and plunged himself up her ass.  She was tight - an anal virgin 
which was why he wanted her like this to begin with - and he brutally 
thrust himself into her until finally, he broke through. 
        Cat could feel the blood running down the back of her legs. 
With every thrust he gave her, it hurt even more, as if his cock was 
just another fist to him.  In the shard of glass, she could see her 
face.  She could see her broken nose, swollen lips, bruised cheeks, and 
she could see the way her eyes squinted up in pain every time he 
pushed himself in deeper and she knew, for the first time, that she was 
going to die.  With each thrust, she felt he must be hurting her 
insides, destroying her system.  She tried to scream and beg but the 
gag stole her voice, left her humiliated to the point that she couldn't 
even protest her own murder.  Suddenly, in the mirror, she saw the 
man's hands reaching towards her.  Before she could react, he wrapped 
something around her neck.  Oh god, she thought, he's going to strangle 
me.  She tried to move her head, tried to find some way to knock his 
hands away but she was trapped, at his mercy.  In the mirror, she 
managed to make out what he had put around her neck - her bra, pulled 
taunt and tight. 
        The next thrust Fleck gave her, he tightened the bra around her 
neck, pulling it nice and tight.  He heard her start to gasp for breath 
and frantically, she tried to raise her arms (pinned by his body to the 
counter) to her neck.  When he pulled his cock back, he loosened the 
bra.  Immediately, she started gasping for air, taking in all the 
oxygen she could with a broken nose and a gagged mouth.  Fleck thrust 
again and again, tightening the bra.  And again, when he pulled back, 
he loosened the grip.  He repeated this three more times and, with 
every time he heard her trying to breathe, he actually got harder.  His 
cock felt like it was about to explode and he held back his climax for 
about as long as he could.  Not much more time for play... 
        At Cat gasped for breath, she suddenly realized something.  One 
of the few vibrant voices left in her brain spoke up and told her that 
she had nothing to worry about because this couldn't possibly be 
happening.  This was the same voice that made sure she did her homework 
and who stayed on her back about her GPA and her weight.  The voice 
came to her like a welcome friend and told her that this simply didn't 
make sense.  There was no logic in this happening.  So since it 
shouldn't happen, it wasn't.  This was a bad nightmare but all she had 
to do was wait for it to end and she'd wake up at home, safe. 
        He tightened the bra again, crushing her windpipe and causing 
her lungs to burn.  She knew as soon as he slacked his grip, she'd have 
to work quickly.  But this time, he didn't slacken.  Instead, he 
started thrusting into her quicker and quicker, grunting like some 
beast as he did so.  And with each thrust, the bra got tighter and 
tighter.  Frantically, she gasped, trying to breathe, her arms and legs 
going into reflexive spasms but she could feel her energy draining.  He 
was through teasing her - now, he was going to kill her - and why? 
Because she had come home early to swim?  Behind her, she heard the 
stranger let out a triumphant roar as he came inside of her and she 
could feel his cum running down her thighs as the world faded.  Before 
total blackness hit, her reliable voice said not to worry, soon she'd 
wake up at home.  Wake up and live, Cat thought, listen to her music, 
pet the cat, and - But before she could finish her thought, Cat 
Cooper's brain lost the ability to think anything. 
        Fleck could feel her body going limp even as he was pulling out 
of her.  He held her body against the counter when her bladed released 
a small amount of urine.  He then let go of her and watched her limp 
body slide off the counter and collapse down to the floor, on its 
side.  Fleck gave her left leg a kick.  For a second, it violently 
kicked back as a reflex move and then fell limp.  Fleck put his cock 
back in his jeans and, after zipping himself up, he kicked the girl's 
corpse onto its back so she saw staring up at him and he could get one 
last look at his work. 
        He looked down at the nude body.  The breasts that had once so 
amused him now lay still and her glasses still stuck grotesquely from 
her bloody cunt.  Her battered face still revealed a sweet prettiness 
but that prettiness was now made into something ugly by the way her 
eyes, even in death, still looked terrified and tortured.  When he 
strangled her the last time, her eyes had opened so wide they looked 
like they were about to pop out of her head.  Her mouth, with its 
bloody lips, was open, struggling for breath, the black panties still 
lodged inside.  The bra was wrapped around her throat, leaving red burn 
makes underneath.  Suddenly, he screamed, "CUNT!" and savagely kicked 
the side of her face.  Her head snapped to the side and when it stopped 
moving, her chin was actually behind her shoulder blade.  He smiled at 
the thought of breaking a dead girl's neck and then left the pool house. 

        When Cat's mother came home, she went out to the pool house to 
find her daughter.  Sarah Cooper was an attractive, forty-four year-old 
women with long black hair and a sweetly pretty face just like her 
daughter's.  She had Cat's big boobs as well, hidden though they were 
under a conservative business suit. 
        When Sarah saw her demure daughter's nude, battered body, she 
started to scream.  Fleck, standing behind her, cut her off by smashing 
a golf club against the back of her head.  When Sarah collapsed next to 
her daughter's corpse, Fleck brought the club down on her face again 
and again until it was just an unrecognizable mass of blood, brains, 
and school. 
        And then he left mother and daughter together. 
        Fleck had to keep moving. 

All comments and correspondence are welcome at giallo_ferox@hotmail.com


