Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.
by FunKelly

Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.-8

I had posed many times for Old Man Akers' art classes, and at least seven times for him privately. He would say it relaxed him to paint life models for his own collection, but I think he was just a dirty old man. He would call out, "You can remove your robe now, Karen", then take ten minutes before he would start painting, leaving me sitting there naked, for what seemed like an eternity, while he made small talk. It was creepy, but I needed the money and got used to it after a couple sessions.

Although he never suggested it, I noticed he would tip me, if I didn't put my robe on at the breaks, during our private sessions. It got to the point where I would enter the dressing room, remove my clothes, put on a robe, enter the classroom, then immediately remove the robe, while waiting for him to get ready to paint, remaining naked for the entire sessions. The last time I posed for him privately, I didn't even bother putting on a robe at all. I just entered the classroom, from the dressing room, naked. Like I said, I just got used to it, I guess. Now he was looking at me over his glasses, and about to speak. I was petrified.

"Do you think it wise for a life model to remove all of her pubic hair, Miss Wilson?" (my last name), he asked, in his typical raspy tone. Feeling utterly humiliated, I replied with a whimper, stumbling over my words, "It will grow back", having no idea how else to respond. "Mmmm", was his only reply. as he then turned to Nicole, and asked, "And who is this?" Nicole answered, "I'm Nicole. I was thinking about life modeling this semester, so Karen was just trying to show me what to expect", giving Old Man Akers a smile that screamed, "DISCOVERED AND GUILTY".

Again his reply was a simple, "Mmmm". He then turned and headed for the door, saying , "Follow me girls". Nicole and I looked at each other, wondering if we were going to be expelled from the college, then followed the old man out to the hallway. Nicole snatched her dress up off the floor, as we continued to follow him to the adjoining classroom.

While in the hallway, Nicole whispered in my ear, "Karen. Our clothes are in the dressing room. Let's grab them and make a run for it". Knowing how eccentric Professor Akers could be, I told her to wait and see what happened next, relieved I finally knew the location of my clothes, and that they were accessible. Once in the other classroom, Professor Akers instructed me to stand with my butt cheeks against the window sill, facing him.

Nicole started to put her dress back on, when Professor Akers, asked, "Young lady! What are you doing?" Nicole was startled, and meekly replied, "Putting my dress on, sir". His response was swift and stern. "Young lady. If you are to be a life model, you must remain comfortable and confident, while in the nude! If you want to pose for any of my classes, I suggest you remain as you are". For the first time that day, Nicole had the same expression I had most of the afternoon. Naked, humiliated and under the control of someone else. She slowly put the dress down on a stool near her.

"Karen", the old man said. "Put you hands behind you on the window sill, and lean back". I knew what he was up too, but Nicole appeared worried. "Now turn your head to the left and look down at the floor". I did as instructed and waited for his next directive. "Cross your right leg in front of your left, placing the ball of your foot on the floor, with your right toes facing the outside of your left foot". Professor Akers was more than a bit odd, but he was a genius with a paint brush in his hand. He then announced, "That shirt is quite provocative, but the colors are calling to me".

As was his way, Professor Akers left me standing there for a couple minutes, while he prepaired to paint me, while Nicole was getting more and more anxious about the situation. Before he sat down at his easel, he turned to Nicole, and said, "Young lady. I want you to walk back and forth to each end of the hallway, six times. This will help build your confidence, and keep you from distracting me. If anyone comes up to this floor, you are to tell them you are under my instruction. Now go, and go quickly". Oh how the tables have turned, I thought to myself.

Nicole was completely out of her element, as she followed his command, hesitating for just a moment. I could feel she had looked back to me for help, but I maintained my pose, and continued looking down at the floor. I did peek for a split second, but just enough to see her little butt cheeks disappear from the classroom doorway, into the hall. Professor Akers took a seat at the easel, and started his magic. I felt Nicole's presence at times, when she would walk passed the doorway on her naked hallway marathon. I felt bad for a while, but knew we would both get a kick out of it later.

Meanwhile, I had my own issues to deal with. I knew Professor Akers had me take this particular pose for two reasons. The obvious first reason being that my trashy tank top could be easily seen and read. The second reason was not so simple. My head facing down, while my hands were behind my back, keeping my bald pussy front and center, was specifically orchestrated to make me appear humbled and ashamed. Most likely the shame he wanted me to feel for shaving my pussy. Professor Akers looked at total pubic hair removal as unnatural and obscene.

The crossing of the leg was meant to further expose my smooth vagina. A reminder of how I had purposely allowed myself to become more exposed, than if I had kept my pubic hair. He was making me feel exactly the way he wanted me to feel. Embarrassed and chastened. With my breasts tightly tucked under the ultra tight tank top, and my ass facing in the other direction, he was focusing on my clean shaven pussy, purposely intimidating and humiliating me.

I was wearing a tank top, no matter how snug, yet I have never felt so naked and exposed in my life. Not having pubic hair, had me feeling humbled and ashamed, in the presence of Professor Akers. It was a constant struggle to maintained my composure, not to mention my pose, while feeling so physically, and emotionally vulnerable. Afraid I might fall to pieces, as the mental pressure was building, most likely due to my own personal regret for being a life model who shaved her pussy, Nicole supplied a welcome reprieve.

She was escorted into the classroom by a young member of the campus security. I felt so sorry for her, as she appeared truly concerned about any consequences. Professor Akers was more upset about being disturbed while he was painting, than he was about Nicole. I broke my pose and met her at the door, when we all heard, "YOUNG MAN!". The security officer was most likely a recent recruit to the four man squad. Security officers were not issued guns, and had very little actual authority.

We all froze in our tracks, especially the young security officer. Professor Akers continued, "Do you know who I am?" The poor guy replied, "I've been told of you sir". "Did this young woman explain to you she was under my instruction?", he barked. "Yes sir", was the soft reply. "Then why have I been disturbed?" Before the officer could reply, Professor Akers continued, "You are to patrol the second floor, and see to it that I am not interrupted again! Is that clear?"

The poor kid nodded in agreement, then made haste to the second floor. The professor then turned his attention to Nicole, as I continued to hold my arm around her. Totally out of character for him, the professor turned away while addressing her. "Nicole is it?" Nicole replied with a soft tone, "Yes sir". Still not looking at her, he said, "If you can remain completely silent, you may get dressed and take a seat". For the first time since I've known him, the professor showed some, much needed empathy.

It was like watching "How the Grinch Stole Christmas". I watched as the professor's heart grew three sizes that day. As Nicole snatched her dress and headed for the dressing room, the professor turned his attention to me. "Karen. Take your position please", he said, while taking his seat at his easel. Nicole emerged dressed, and quiet as a mouse, then took a seat away from Professor Akers. It was only about thirty more minutes until he finished his painting. All in all, about an hour and fifteen minutes.

I knew by the way Professor Akers signed his paintings, he was finished, so now I was allowed to see it. As with all of the paintings he had done of me, it was lifelike. I could immediately see it was me, and he captured the essence of my shame and humiliation brilliantly. I looked like a girl who had worn only the tank top, as some sexual-political statement, but was now covered in shame, and unable to escape her self inflicted circumstances.

Professor Akers rarely looked at a painting after signing it. He usually put the canvas in a cloth bag, then placed it in storage or displayed it at his art gallery, located downtown. To be honest, I'm not sure how many, if any of his paintings of me, were hanging on somebody's wall. I knew this much, I would not be ashamed if they were.

Nicole stepped up next to me, and observed the painting. She became bug-eyed, as her jaw fell wide open. She couldn't believe the professor had captured my image, with such accuracy, yet still inserting his own personal touch. I never got bored of seeing his talent portrayed on a canvas. While we were in awe of the painting, I heard Professor Akers call out, "Karen. When exactly to think your pubic hair might return?"

"Do you believe this ?"..."When will my pubic hair return ?"..."Like it mysteriously vanishes, then magically reappears"....Professor Benjamin E. Akers, is a brilliant artist, a competent department administrator, but he is also, a "Crazy Old Coot!" I casually replied, "About two weeks professor", while turning to Nicole, as we both snickered a bit, hiding behind the canvas that illustrated, not only my clean shaven pussy, but the shame and humiliation that went along with it.

The professor surprised Nicole and I, when he appeared from behind the canvas, saying, "Karen. I will need you to appear in one week. I want to have a class that focuses on the re-emergence of the pubic hair". He then turned and left the classroom, heading for the stairway. Nicole was in shock. but I was getting used to the professor's eccentric requests, and understood he was going to get the next class to focus on the pubic hair stubble that would surely be on my pussy lips by then.


Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model. 9

Nicole and I were studying the painting, when she opened up the photos she had taken of me wearing nothing but the tank top,on her phone. We started to compare them to Professor Akers' painting, when she casually mentioned, "You don't seem to be in much of a hurry to put your clothes back on, Karen". I pretended I didn't hear her, realizing she was right, but wanted to remain this way for just a little while longer. Both the photos and painting were validating my own percetion of my outward appearance. I felt provocative and desireable, and looked that way too.

In an attempt, not to come off as some kind of a slut, I went to the dressing room and retrieved my clothes, minus my panties. I placed them on a stool in the classroom, unable to get myself to put them on. Nicole sensed I wasn't ready to get dressed, and siad, "You know Karen. We don't have any photos of that cute little butt of yours. Should I take some?" Trying no to appear too excited, I nonchalently replied, "Sure. If you want to", thrilled at the prospect of seductively posing for Nicole again.

I had spent so much time naked in this room, that I felt safe. Nicole was taking pictures of my back and bare ass, when she said, "Karen. Lean over on that stool, and spread your legs. I want a shot of that juicy little pussy of yours, from under your sweet butt cheeks. I did as instructed, feeling more sexy and seductive than I had ever felt before. She then said, "Now Karen. Look over your shoulder at me". I turned my head in her direction, when I noticed the young security officer, standing in the doorway.

I couldn't believe it myself, but I made no attempt to cover my shame. Knowing how intimidated Professor Akers had made the young man feel, I saw and opportunity, and took it. It was one thing for Nicole to see me like this, and I had spent more time in the nude with Professor Akers, than I had while dressed. I wanted someone to see me like this, so this young security officer was going to be the one to benefit from my inner desire to exhibit my trashy tank top and bald pussy, regardless of how depraved it might be.

I went from being bent over with my chest flat on the padded seat cushion of the stool, with my legs spread open, to leaning on the stool, arms outstretched, while supporting myself with my hands, leaving my legs in their current position. "Well hello again", I said, looking over my shoulder at the young man in uniform. He stumbled over the word, "Hello", as Nicole was visibly shocked by my sultry performance. I went even further, and walked over to him.

He immediately read the word, "Look", printed in blue against the white background of the shirt, then followed the red arrow down to it's intended target. My clean shaven pussy. I was so turned on. I looked down at my own smooth mound, and asked, "What do you think of this shirt? Nicole gave it to me". He could barely answer, when I saw Nicole standing behind him, giving me a wink and a thumbs up, before leaving the classroom.

I tried to think of some subject we could discuss, since I wanted to extend the time he would be viewing me, wearing nothing but what was now my favorite shirt. "So. What's your name", I asked him. He was no more relaxed, when he answered, "Ryan". "Well Ryan. Have you ever been in a 'Life Modeling' class before?", knowing many more types of art were taught and conducted in the room, but trying to keep his focus on my almost naked body. I asked him. "No. This is my first time", he replied. "Take a look around if you like", I said.

Nicole, knowing how this encounter was turning me on, returned to the room, holding her phone, and said, "Karen. We should take another photo of you on the stool. in the other classroom", holding up the first naked photo of me, she had taken earlier. "You know. Kind of like a before and after", as she shared the photo of me, still with some public hair, with Ryan. Of course everyone's focus returned to my now clean shave pussy, as I felt thankful for the gesture, and agreed. I removed the tank top, and slowly folded it, as Ryan watched me. I placed it with my clothes, then the three of us walked down the hall, to the adjoining classroom.

Nicole led the way, followed by me, as Ryan walked behind me, having another chance to see my naked ass. I was so excited! We entered the room, and Nicole suggested Ryan sit in one of the desks that would have a perfect view of the inside of my vagina, once I was in position. She then told me to sit on the stool, and pose as I did for her fake 'Life Model' class, earlier in the day.

She strategically placed herself between Ryan and I, then took the opportunity to slide her index finger between my pussy lips. I gasped at first, then watched as she slipped the wet finger into her mouth, and licked off my juices, giving me a great big "Good For You Girl" smile.

Nicole then held up her phone, displaying the photo from earlier, and asked, "Ryan. What do you think? Are the poses the same?" Ryan stood up, still a bit uneasy, and walked over to us. He studied the photo, then examined my position. With my head tilted upward and to the left, and my eyes closed, I was unable to see Ryan's expression, increasing my titillation that much more.

With my arms behind my back, hands gripping onto the seat cushion, feet resting on the side foot rails of the stool, and my legs spread open, I could not have been more exposed, or delighted for that matter. My level of arousal was reaching all new heights, when I heard Ryan say, in a tone that let me know he was unsure, "I think she needs to spread her legs open a little more". "You heard the man, Karen", Nicole added. With my eyes still closed, I spread my legs as far open as the would go, fighting the urge to slide my fingers into my soaking wet pussy, and masturbating right in front of the both of them. If Nicole was the only one present, I would have.

Nicole took the same position she had when she took the first picture, earlier in the day. I heard the click of the cell phone camera, as she took the photo using my phone, so the two pictures could be compared side by side. She walked back over to me with both phones, and we compared the two photos. My legs were spread further apart in the second photo, than they were in the first. Seeing that Ryan was still quite uncomfortable with all this, I decided to have a little fun, and tease him some more.

Holding the two phones, I asked, "Ryan. Can you come here for a moment?" He got up from his desk and walked over. I held the two phones up, allowing him to do his own comparison. "I notice in the new photo, the one where my vagina is totally smooth, my legs are spread much further apart. Was this a slight error, or were you not completely impartial, and wanted to see even more of my pussy?" I thought he would die of embarrassment, as he muttered, "I wanted to see more of your pussy". "Oh. An honest man. I like that", I replied.

Pushing the envelope a bit further, I held up the original photo for him to see, and said, "Since we're being honest here, Ryan, which do you like better, pubic hair?", as I held the photo in front of him, "Or clean shaven", looking down at my own bald pussy, inviting him to do the same. He went back and forth, before answering, "I like them both the same". "Good Answer!", I exclaimed, as I handed my phone back to Nicole, so she could re-take the second photo.

As the three of us were comparing the now similar photos, Ryan told us he had to get back downstairs. I casually said, "I'll walk you out", as if he was leaving a dinner party I was hosting. We walked to the top of the stairs, when I looked up at him, and said, "Interesting afternoon. Huh?' He nodded in agreement, and said, "See you around campus?" I smiled, and replied, "Sure".

He walked down the stairs to the landing between the third and second floors, stopped and looked back up at me. Again, we smiled at each other, then he made is way down to the second floor, and out of sight. I ran back into the room, where Nicole and I burst out laughing. We were both giddy with excitement about how the events of the day unfolded, but most important, we both now had a friend at the college.

Nicole said, "You'd better get dressed, Karen. We need to get out of here before we get in trouble. I agreed, and we both walked from the drawing classroom, to the adjoining one, to retrieve my clothes. We walked down the hall and into the room, still giggling, only to find Professor Akers waiting there for us. He looked over his glasses at us, saying, "Did you ladies enjoy your afternoon?" There were no words that would have satisfied his question, with and answer, so we both stood there, paralyzed with fear.


Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.10

The professor, still peering over his glasses, looked at Nicole, then at me, letting out his usual. "Mmmm". I wanted to grab my clothes and put them on as quickly as possible. to conceal my shame, but remained frozen, as the professor cleared his scratchy throat and began to speak. "You ladies are familiar with the "Welcome Event" we hold each year, on the Saturday before the official college opening? Mmmm?" We simultaneously replied, "Yes". "Good. Because you two will be assisting me at the 'Life Drawing' exhibit.

Nicole and I looked at each other, and shrugged our shoulders, as if to say to one another, "So we have to give up a Saturday. No big deal. It could be worse". I wasn't scheduled to return to my job at the restaurant until the following week, so I was free that day anyway. Greeting new students and welcoming back others, while handing out pamphlets and answering questions with the professor, was not exactly my idea of a good time, but I figured it was only for one day.

Nicole stood there with her arms folded, while I had my hands clasped behind by back, afraid to show any sign of weakness, before the eccentric head of the college art program. I was regretting shaving my pussy, since I knew how much it annoyed the old man, and he was reminding me of that fact, in his own silent way. He continued to slowly walk around the room, also clasping his hands behind his back, which was his way. He then stood before us, still looking over his glasses and revealed his plan for the upcoming "Welcome Event".

"Nicole. You will hand out the class literature and smile at the people. Nothing else", he sternly instructed her. He then turned his focus to me. Miss Wilson. "You will speak to the incoming students about the class. You will also answer any questions potential new life models may have, along with posing on occasion throughout the day". "Posing? Posing where?", I asked, in a very inquisitive and concerned tone. "In the 'Life Model' exhibit booth of course. he replied.

"Professor! The event is being held in the gymnasium! There will be over a thousand people making their way through it. Incoming students and their parents, not to mention all the return students and teachers. I can not pose in the nude under those circumstances!" "You can, and you will, Miss Wilson", he said. "Unless you want to be expelled from the college, that is". Never taking his beady little eyes from mine, he continued, "You may get dressed now. I will see you in this classroom Saturday morning at 9:00 sharp. Don't disappoint me, Miss Wilson", he said, as he walked out the classroom door, and down the stairs.

"OMG Nicole! What am I going to do?", I asked, in complete horror, and shaking like a leaf. "Relax Karen. He's bluffing. He's just trying to scare you. He's not going to make you pose nude in front of the whole school", she confidently replied. "You really think so?", I asked, looking for reassurance. "I know so", she said. "Now get dressed and let's get out of here, before that creepy old man comes back".

I got dressed as quickly as possible, and we both walked to the first floor, using the opposite stairway, from the one the professor used. I wanted to avoid seeing him again. I was still shaking when we arrived on the first floor. Nicole took my hand and led me out the side exit to the campus lawn, still trying to convince me the professor was bluffing.

If it had been anyone else, I don't think I would have been so apprehensive, but Professor Akers was not only eccentric to the point of being borderline insane, he weilded great power at the college. No one would dare question his methods or his authority. I was petrified. Nicole walked me around the campus for a while, as she contiued to reassure me, not even that crazy old coot, would attempt to pull such a stunt.

In a last stitch effort to relieve my anxiety, Nicole pulled up the photos she had taken of me, wearing nothing but the trashy tank top, and asked, "You live alone, don't you Karen?" I nodded, "Yes". Smiling, she asked, "Any booze at the house?", knowing we were both a year away from being able to purchase alcohol. I told her that my uncle had left behind a couple bottles of liqueur, when he moved away. "Come on. Let's go have a couple drinks and post these photos on the internet".

Looking at the photos, I recalled how I had felt when I was teasing poor Ryan, wearing nothing but the tight shirt. Feeling a bit stimulated, I said, "O.k.", and we walked the three blocks to my uncle's condo. Once inside, Nicole started closing all the curtains and blinds. I asked her, "What are you doing?" She stripped down to just her thong, and asked, "Where's the booze?" She followed me to the kitchen, where bottles of rum, vodka and whisky, were stored in a cabinet.

Nicole poured each of us a shot of rum, then said, "Come on". "Come on, what?", I asked. "Strip down to the tank top. I watched you put it on under your T-shirt. I'll go topless and you go bottomless", she said. I stripped down to the tank top, while Nicole stood there wearing nothing but a light purple thong, then we both drank our shots. Nicole looked at me saying, Stop worrying about Saturday, and let's have some fun", pouring us a second shot.

We ordered a pizza, got drunk, and posted photos of me in my tank top, and Nicole in her thong, on the internet. We woke the following morning in my bed, both hung over and naked. Neither Nicole or I were quite sure if our little romp had led to a first lesbian encounter, for either of us. We just spent the day in my bed, nursing our hangovers. It was a welcome distraction from worry of how far Professor Akers may take his public life modeling decree.

Saturday morning came way too fast. Nicole met me at the condo, and we walked together to the college. She was again trying to reassure me everything would be fine, but it did little to relieve me of the ominous feeling I had. I wore a button up shirt over my bra, and khaki pants over my panties. I wore socks and sneakers as well. The last thing I wanted to do, was appear that I was prepared to pose in the nude.

We arrived at the classroom as instructed, to meet Professor Akers. He was already there putting some art supplies in a box. "Thank you for being on time ladies", was his only greeting, before getting right down to the business of intimidating me. "Nicole. You can take this box of supplies down with us. Karen. You may remove your clothes, and put on a robe. We leave in five minutes, ladies".

I looked to Nicole, as she mouthed the words, "He's bluffing", still trying to reassure me. I entered the dressing room, trying to catch my breath. My hands were shaking so badly, I was barely able to untie my sneakers or unbutton my shirt. I managed to remove my sneakers, socks and shirt, when I started to question whether my scholarship was worth being exposed in front of the entire college. "He's just trying to scare you Karen. He won't go through with this", I told myself, as I removed my pants, bra and panties, before putting on a robe.

I put my sneakers back on, then exited the dressing room, still shaking and trying to catch my breath. The professor looked at my sneakers, and said, "I guess you can remove those, when it's time to pose. Alright! On with it!", he barked, as he led us down the hall to the elevator. I could tell by the expression on Nicole's face, that she too was now concerned the professor might actually have me pose in the nude, at the 'Welcome Event'.

We entered the elevator and went down to the fist floor. When the doors opened, the main entrance was crowded with people, many of which who were looking at me with expressions of curiosity. I stayed close to Nicole and Professor Akers, as we exited the side door and walked the one hundred feet to the gymnasium. We entered the gym from the east side. The place was buzzing with activity. I felt more vulnerable than I had ever before, and was quickly overwhelmed with this horrifying feeling of dread.

Glances turned to stares, as we made our way down a temporary isle in the crowded space, made up of other exhibit booths. The professor kept marching on to the other end of the gymnasium, as if purposely parading me passed everyone there. My heart sank as we reached an exhibit booth in the far corner of the gym. Placed in the isle was a sign that read,

"YOU MAY ENCOUNTER SOME FEMALE NUDITY PASSED THIS POINT. PLEASE USE YOUR OWN DISCRETION"

OMG! It was like an invitation to every horny male college student, to visit the 'Life Modeling' exhibit, and gawk at the naked girl who was posing there. I was mentally crushed and emotionally destroyed. I quickly made my way into the exhibit, in an attempt to find shelter, feeling totally naked, despite the fact that I was wearing a robe that covered everything.


Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.11

Once I regained my composure, what I noticed hanging on the inside walls of the exhibit, immediately captured my attention. Sure, there was a stool placed in the middle of the space, along with an easel, complete with fresh canvas, and a chair for the artist, all of which were unnerving, but it was what encircled three sides of the stool and easel, that took me by surprise .

There were paintings placed on the walls of the twenty by thirty square foot area, all portraying me, in the nude. Many of the works were done by Professor Akers. while some were painted by the students in the classes I had modeled for. All were artists' expressions of my naked body, that I was proud of.

As I was viewing the paintings, an alarming thought popped into my head. I frantically started to look around, when I heard Professor Akers say, "It's not here, Miss Wilson". "What? What's not here?", I asked. He replied, "The painting of you, wearing nothing but your provocative shirt". I was instantly relieved, when he continued, "This is an 'Artists' Gallery', Miss Wilson, not a 'Pornography Studio", before returning to arranging his art supplies.

I knew at that moment, the professor was going to have me pose in the nude for him, regardless of the foot traffic that was sure to pass by the 'Life Model' exhibit. The idea was disheartening, but somehow, being surrounded by real art works, depicting my naked form, made the task seem a little less daunting. "After all. I am a Life Model, am I not? And there is no shame in that", I thought to myself. I would soon find out if that attitude would carry the day.

My sense of self-confidence would be tested almost immediately. Professor Akers asked me, "Karen. Would you mind going to the snack counter and getting me a cup of tea? No cream or sugar, just plain tea, please". Before I could inquire why Nicole couldn't go for the tea, I heard," Nicole. I need you to return to classroom and retrieve the glasses from my desk. They're in a blue case. Now off with you both!", he insisted. Of course the snack counter was on the opposite end of the gymnasium.

I pulled my robe so it was tightly closed right up to my neck, and put a secure tie in the belt, before leaving the safety of the 'Life Model" exhibit, to start my venture through the crowded gymnasium to the snack counter. Nicole and I walked together until she had to leave the gym, and head back up to the classroom. I, on the other hand, had to continue my journey to the snack counter alone, wearing nothing but a robe and sneakers.

I was walking through the crowd, when I ran into Miss Sullivan. Just days ago, I was talking with her, while standing or hiding behind a podium, depending how you look at it, hoping she would not discover I was wearing nothing below my navel, not even pubic hair. Now I was wearing a robe, while completely naked underneath. "Good morning Karen. Just roll out of bed?", she asked, while chuckling.

Not knowing how to answer, I was relieved, at least for a moment, when she continued, and said, "I hope you're not wearing that tank top under your robe. It really was a bit vulgar, not to mention way to small for you". I was trying to excuse myself, using Professor Akers' tea as the reason, when she blocked my path, "What are you wearing under there anyway?", she asked, while tugging at my terry cloth robe. In sheer panic, I grabbed the robe, holding it closed with all my might.

Miss Sullivan's eyes became wide open, when she asked, in a whisper, "Karen! Are you naked under that robe?" Feeling utterly ashamed, I nodded, "Yes". "Why?", she questioned, again keeping her voice down. She leaned in towards me, so I could whisper my response in her ear. I'm going to be posing for Professor Akers at the Life Model exhibit. She had a confused look on her face, when she asked, "You mean up in the third floor art classroom, right?" I just shook my head, No".

The idea was so outrageous, that Miss Sullivan forgot where we were for a moment, and shrieked, WHAT" You're going to pose naked right here in the gymnasium?" Every eye within earshot, was now staring at us. I felt so unbelievably vulnerable, as Miss Sullivan, put her hand over her mouth. The look in her eyes could only be described as. apologetic.

I was unable to tell her how my education was on the line, because I was caught posing for Nicole, wearing nothing but the tank top that she hated, in the art classroom and by Professor Akers. She took my hand and started walking towards the Life Model exhibit. As she pulled me through the maze of exhibits, my only thought was how she may be able to convince Professor Akers to reconsider painting me in the nude, in such a public venue.

We reached the exhibit to find Professor Akers talking to three female students. Miss Sullivan stepped into the exhibit, and was immediately captivated by the displayed paintings. Her mood went from angry to one of admiration, in that moment. I watched as my one chance to get out of posing nude at the Welcome Event, was slipping away.
