 
                             Forbidden Fruit
                            by Chemical Ollie

-------
Synopsis: Jenny introduces herself to the bad boy of the apartment complex.

Codes: mf teen cons preg



"Hi," said the young girl.

"Hi," said the boy.

"I'm Jenny."

"I'm Marcus."

"I'm pleased to meet you, Marcus. My mom and I are staying with my grandma; apartment 15A."

"How long are you staying?"

"I'm not sure," said the girl.

"It sounds like your parents are getting divorced." When the girl nodded her head Marcus said, "Mine are divorced too. I live here with my mom." He pointed at the door with 9B stenciled on it. "So, didn't your grandma warn you about me?"

"She told me not to associate with you in any way, shape or manner but I don't think there's anything wrong with just talking to you."

"I guess not," Marcus allowed, "but you better not tell her you talked to me. Did curiosity get the better of you? I don't mind. It's all true."

"What's all true?"

"It's all true what she told you."

"It's true that two different girls have had your babies?"

"It's true all right."

"Didn't you wear a condom?"

"I don't like to use them."

"That's pretty irresponsible behavior."

"So I've been told." Jenny was amazed and intrigued by Marcus' matter of fact manner.

"What about the girls you got pregnant?"

"What about them? They were my sluts so they knew what they were in for. It's kind of neat watching their bellies gradually swelling up with the babies I fucked into them." He smiled at Jenny's shocked expression. "Are you disgusted with me yet?"

"A little," Jenny admitted. Or was she fascinated by this boy she just met? It was hard for her to tell which. Still, she had no desire to leave his company yet. They were standing outside his apartment in these rent-controlled units. The owners claimed they couldn't make a profit so they just let the buildings deteriorate. It was sad and depressing to have to move away from her friends when Jenny's parents broke up. Money, or the lack of it, was the main cause of their divorce. The lack of money is what forced Jenny and her mother to move in with Grandma. Jenny's father had disappeared so they weren't receiving any support. Meeting Marcus had been the most exciting thing to happen to Jenny in the week since she arrived.

"How old are you, Jenny?"

"I just turned 14 and I'll be a high school freshman in September."

"I'm 16," said Marcus. "Is it safe to assume you've started your periods?" Jenny did a double take and started blushing.

"That's very personal," she exclaimed. It was outrageous of him to ask that question. She expected him to start apologizing but all Marcus did was sigh and turn his head to stare out into another direction as if he was now bored with the conversation. Jenny waited until she decided the boy wasn't going to apologize. Should she just leave in a huff? "For the past two years," Jenny found herself saying.

"Are they regular?"

"Yes."

"When did your last period start?"

"I dunno. Ten days ago, I think. I'd have to check my calendar to be sure. Why do you want to know this stuff?"

"Are you on the pill?"

"No and I'm not going to answer another question until you tell me what it's all about."

"Well, I figure if we started now and screwed every day there'd be a baby growing inside your belly before a week was up."

"I'm not going to let you do that." Jenny backed up slightly. She'd start screaming if Marcus tried to grab her.

"I'm just playing with your mind," Marcus said. "Are you a virgin?"

"Yes, and I want to stay that way until I'm married."

"Good for you," the young man replied but Jenny could detect the insincerity in his voice.

"I've had plenty of guys want to sleep with me," Jenny assured her new acquaintance. Marcus nodded knowingly.

"I can't blame them. You're real pretty."

"Thanks," said the young girl. She thought she was pretty but not "real pretty." Still, it was nice to hear a guy say it. Jenny thought she was too short and her boobs were too small. She had bad hair days more often than not and was beginning to have to struggle with her weight. The only thing she was really happy about was her complexion which was creamy smooth. "So, do you go to see the babies... your children?"

"I don't see them at all. They were both given up for adoption when they were born."

"Oh."

"I do have their newborn pictures. Would you like to see them?" Without waiting for an answer he pulled his wallet out and displayed the pictures like a typically proud father.

Jenny couldn't help but giggle. "They both have full heads of hair, your hair. They're beautiful."

"Thanks." The young man beamed with pride.

"Do you get into a lot of trouble?"

"Oh, there was some screaming and yelling from the girls' mothers in the beginning but things calmed down pretty quickly. I mean, what's done is done. What could they do about it?"

"Hi, Marcus. Who's your friend?" Jenny turned around and saw a woman at the top of the stairs.

"Meet Jenny," said Marcus. "She and her mom have moved in with her grandma. Jenny, this is my mom."

"Pleased to meet you Mrs. uh..."

"Thelma, just call me Thelma. Pleased to meet you too, Jenny. Would you like to come in and have something to drink? I have soda, iced tea and bottled water in the fridge."

"I don't think she can come in, Mom," said Marcus. "She's been warned not to associate with me."

"I'd be more than happy to visit with you, Thelma," said Jenny. The invitation was issued by Thelma, not Marcus and the young girl felt she was old enough to use her own judgment. Jenny rationalized that Grandma's warning was just advisory in nature and not an outright ban.

"Welcome to our humble abode," said Thelma as she led the teenager inside followed by Marcus. "What kind of refreshment would you like?"

"Bottled water would be fine, Thelma." As soon as Marcus' mom disappeared into the kitchen the young man took Jenny into his arms and kissed her. The coed thrilled to the boy's touch. She'd been warned Marcus was dangerous and here she was flirting with him. Well, she knew things couldn't go too far with his mother in the next room.

"It's a nice fat one," said Marcus when they broke the kiss.

"What is?"

"My prick," said Marcus. "You're feeling it right now."

"You're terrible," murmured the blushing girl. She stepped away from her new friend when she heard the refrigerator door slam shut. Thelma served the drinks and they talked pleasantly for a while when suddenly the older woman jumped up.

"I've got to go check on the laundry," she announced. "They'll throw it on the floor if you're not there when the washer stops." Jenny watched apprehensively as Thelma walked out the door. She was now alone with Marcus. Would he try something now that Thelma wasn't chaperoning them?

"Your mother seems very young," said Jenny in an effort to keep the conversation going.

"She was 14 when she had me," said Marcus.

"That was young!" said the astonished girl.

"It's no older than you'd be with your first baby if we started screwing today."

"I'm going to finish college before I marry and have my first baby," Jenny insisted. "I wish you'd talk about something else."

"Fine," Marcus replied. "Do you have nice legs?"

"They're okay I guess," said the blushing girl.

"I'd like to see them."

"Maybe some other time when I'm wearing a dress or skirt." Jenny was wearing blue jeans.

"Go back to your apartment and change into a dress."

"And what gives you the right to order me around?" Jenny was getting kind of pissed with his attitude. Instead of answering her Marcus started staring off into space like he'd done outside. Fine! Be that way! The teenager stamped her foot and strode out the door.

Jenny was alone when she returned to her apartment. Her mother was at work and her grandmother was off visiting some friends. She flipped on the television but her grandmother couldn't afford cable and the antenna reception was lousy. She couldn't play any of her CD collection because the player broke during the move. The young girl sighed in frustration. There were plenty of other people her age around to meet so why was she so intrigued with Marcus?

Jenny looked out the window toward Marcus' apartment. She couldn't really see it from where she stood. It was just out of sight. The young girl sighed again and went into the bedroom. It wasn't even her bedroom. She slept in the living room on a sofa bed but she kept her clothes in there. Without really thinking about it she took off her jeans and changed into a short summer dress. Well, it was summer. The hem ended at mid thigh; thunder thighs thought Jenny. No wonder she seldom wore skirts or dresses.

That boy is so arrogant. Why do I want to go back there? Her reputation was probably already suffering now that she thought about it. She knew how apartment house gossip worked. There were probably people who saw her walk into Marcus' apartment and were already making assumptions about what she did in there even when Thelma was there too. It was already grist for the gossip mill. They'd say Jenny was Marcus' slut even if she stayed away from now on. The gossip would surely get back to her mother and grandmother. What would they say especially after she ignored her grandmother's warning? They'd assume the worst. Why were people so mean?

Jenny heard Marcus' voice say, "Come in" at her knock. She opened the door to apt. 9B and walked in. He was still sitting where she left him.

"Is your Mom here?"

"She's already been and gone again. Now she's fretting about the dryer." He held out his hand and Jenny came to him without hesitation. She lay across the boy's lap and they began kissing passionately. One hand was up her dress already caressing her bare thighs and panty-covered hips. No other boy had been allowed that privilege before Marcus. Jenny had expected that but what would he try next? She heard the doorknob rattle and tried to pull away but Marcus held her fast.

"I knew this would happen," Thelma angrily shouted when she opened the door. "The dryer ain't drying and I've already lost two quarters. I'm taking the wash to the Laundromat. See you guys later."

"Okay, Mom," said Marcus. The door slammed shut and they were alone again. Jenny felt completely humiliated. There was no way Thelma could have missed seeing Marcus' hand up her dress while she was sprawled over the lap of the woman's son. Her heart was still beating like crazy from the adrenalin rush of Thelma's sudden appearance. What must she think of me? "Mom's cool," Marcus assured Jenny. "She won't say anything. Stand up for a minute."

"I really should be going," said Jenny as she stood up. "No, Marcus!" The boy's hands had traveled under her dress again but this time they were pulling down her panties. Her snatch was already exposed. She was able to grab at her panties and a tug of war developed. Marcus stopped what he was doing and looked up into her face. "Please don't," Jenny begged.

Marcus started to say something but then looked past her. "What now, Mom?" Jenny gasped and whirled around. Thelma wasn't there but Marcus took advantage if the young girl's confusion and finished pulling down her panties.

"Don't!"

"You didn't have to come back here after you left but you did, Jenny. You knew exactly what was going to happen when you got back here." Jenny knew Marcus was probably right but... 

"I'm afraid."

"There's nothing I can do about that," Marcus replied. "It's natural to be afraid or nervous the first time." He pointed toward the hall. "The bedroom is that way or we can do it here." The young man sighed deeply when Jenny just continued to stare at him and walked toward the bedroom. Jenny's first impulse was to pick up her panties and make a run for it and Marcus didn't seem to care whether she did or didn't. He merely walked to the bedroom to wait for her. Was this a game of chicken?

Marcus was the strangest boy Jenny had ever met. She knew he wanted her. That much was clear. But it had to be on Marcus' terms or not at all. He'd just tuned her out whenever she said something he disagreed with. He didn't especially bother with efforts to sweet talk her or force himself on her. Marcus wanted a slut not a girlfriend. He wanted sex without protection with the intent of impregnating her. Why was Jenny considering giving the boy what he wanted? Was this some sort of protest against her parents' breakup and the loss of her home and friends? Was it to punish her mother for moving her into this dump? Or was she just smitten with the bad boy of the apartment complex? Whatever the reason or reasons it was sure to derail her plans for college and marriage. Was she destined to become an unwed mother on the welfare rolls? At the moment she didn't care. The young girl looked down at her panties lying on the floor and then walked toward the bedroom, sealing her fate.

Jenny received another shock when she walked into the bedroom. Marcus was standing beside the bed clad only in his briefs. It was if he knew the young girl would follow him. He motioned to her to sit on the bed and Jenny did not think to disobey. The boy pulled off his briefs and Jenny got her first good look at a boy's prick. It was fat just as Marcus claimed and jeez... how was that thing going to fit inside her?

Marcus wasn't much for romance or foreplay. He positioned Jenny to his liking, pulled the hem of her dress to her waist and mounted her. Jenny pulled her legs apart in the age-old gesture of submission... of two humans mating as the boy positioned himself between her thighs. She felt a sharp sting as Marcus' prick sliced through her hymen with one thrust. It wasn't as painful as she'd feared it would be. Without wasting any time Marcus began to thrust in and out the young girl's cunt. He was too immature to be concerned with his partner's pleasure. His only goal was to fertilize the girl's womb. If Jenny experienced any orgasmic pleasure from this initial experience it would be incidental to the main goal of impregnation. A few minutes later Jenny felt the prick inside her swell and start spewing its virile contents, raw materials needed to begin a new life. "Am I your slut now?" Jenny asked as he pulled out.

"I guess you are," Marcus replied. He waited until his cock recovered and then fucked another dose of sperm inside the young girl. This time, fortunately, she was able to experience her first orgasm ever not produced by her own finger. Jenny felt no resentment for the treatment she received at the hands of the teenage boy. He allowed her to cuddle and kiss with him for the next several minutes creating an emotional attachment for Jenny toward Marcus. "My mom works nights," he said. "Come back after eight."

"I will," said Jenny already thinking of ways she could sneak out of the apartment for a while. She was dressed now and ready to go. The young girl saw herself out and noted the door with 9B stenciled on it. Only a few hours had passed since she'd introduced herself to the boy who lived behind that door. It had changed her life forever.

"Can I help you?" It was later on in the afternoon when Marcus answered the door. An attractive older lady was standing there.

"I'm Jenny's mother," the woman said simply.

"Who?" Marcus paled. He hadn't expected trouble this soon.

"Come on in," said Thelma who was standing behind her son. The nervous teenager watched as the woman walked passed him. "Sit down. Can I get you a drink? You're Carolyn, right?"

The woman nodded her head. "Something stiff," said Carolyn and then blushed.

"Jack Daniel's?" Carolyn nodded again and Thelma poured two doubles and handed one to the visitor. "Here's to business," said Thelma and both women downed their drinks. "He's a fast worker, ain't he?"

"Too fast," Carolyn replied and held out her empty glass for a refill.

"Will somebody tell me what's going on?" Besides being nervous Marcus was now confused.

"In a minute," said Thelma as she refilled the glasses and gathered her thoughts. "The lawyer who handled the baby adoptions contacted me a couple of weeks ago."

"Is something wrong with them?"

"Just the opposite," said his mother. "They're perfect. The guy said he could place all the babies you could father."

"So how is that business, Mom? That's something I do for fun."

"Not no more, you don't," Thelma replied. "Not after I found out those girls you knocked up got $50,000 each free and clear from the adoptive parents."

"Cool!" exclaimed Marcus. "I could use fifty grand."

"You don't get 50 grand. The mother does but you won't be left out this time. The lawyer says 10% of that or $5,000 is what he's offering. That's pretty good for something you like to do for fun. I put out feelers in the neighborhood for anyone who'd like to earn some big money and how to do it. Carolyn and her mother were the first to call me." Carolyn started blushing ashamed that she had a role in having her daughter bred by a stud but they did need the money. She wished she had another drink. The older woman walked over to the bottle and poured herself another double.

"So, Jenny was in on this? Why didn't she just come to me and ask to be fucked?"

"Watch your mouth, boy," Thelma warned when she saw Carolyn flinch. "That wasn't the case at all. We just decided to point her in your direction and let nature take its course."

"By telling her not to have anything to do with me?"

"Exactly," Thelma said with a chuckle. "That made you attractive to her; forbidden fruit so to speak. Women have been like that since Eve. We were counting on you to do what you do best."

"And you're okay with this, Carolyn?" The older woman nodded her head.

"You understand, of course, that Jenny isn't to know of any of this."

"Of course I won't say anything," Marcus promised. "Mom, I'd like to speak with Carolyn privately." Carolyn looked surprised but didn't say anything.

"Well, I suppose I could go try to get my dryer money out of the manager. I'll talk to later, Carolyn."

"What did you want to talk about, Marcus?" Carolyn asked when Thelma left.

"I just wanted to know if you're interested in a hundred grand."

"Uh, well of course I'd be interested in a hundred grand but unless Jenny has twins..." Carolyn giggled at the thought of her daughter having twins. She wished she hadn't drunk so much on an empty stomach.

"You're periods pretty much coincide with Jenny's don't they? Are you on the pill?"

"Yes and no... I mean yes to the first and no to the second. What are you getting at... oh! You're very young," she breathed as the young man embraced and kissed her. She could already feel her juices flowing. A hundred grand, huh?

"It's a nice fat one," said Marcus when they broke the kiss."


-------
The End
-------
 