Wynn groaned, clutching her head as she came to.
What the hell had happened?
She had just finished unpacking and decided to take a walk. She remembered slipping, tumbling down a small hill but she doesn't remember hitting anything. She quickly checks her head for any wounds and thankfully doesn't find any and she didn't seem to have any broken bones either.
'Lucky me.'
Then something rustled in the foliage nearby and she freezes, watching it with wide eyes and nearly screams when that something emerges.
Whatever it was, it was huge. It stood at least two and a half feet taller than herself and was broad too. It had what looked like antlers and glowing eyes.
Her first thought was that it was a demon but she snorted.
That was a ridiculous notion. There was no such thing as demons.
But then it moved, stepping completely out of the foliage and she gasps out loud when the sunlight hits it, illuminating its features clearly. It had what looked like a horse's body but a man's upper torso.
What the hell? A centaur?
"Umm...hello?"
It froze, staring at her until at last its eyes blinked...sideways and then it speaks.
"Hello." Its voice is low and gravelly, sending a shiver down her spine.
He ducks his head down as he walks into the small clearing and she scrambles back from him, squeaking in terror.
He raises his hands, "Please don't do that. I'm not going to hurt you."
She stills as he kneels down next to her, hunching down onto his front legs and his hand is brushing over her cheek.
Wynn recoils with a flinch and he sighs.
"Yeah, I know, it's a terrible choice of form but is it really that hideous?"
She looks at him strangely. No, he wasn't. He was actually quite handsome now that he was much closer. And his eyes...
They were swirling like little galaxies. What was he?
"W-what's going on? Am I hallucinating?"
He snorts, "unfortunately no. If you were hallucinating, I would be the least of your worries because you would have a concussion. My name is Ulyriad, by the way."
Not wanting to be rude, she stutters out her name in reply. "W-Wynn."
"Its a pleasure to meet you, Wynn."
"Are you a Centaur?"
He actually looked sheepish, running a hand through his blond hair.
"Not exactly. I'm not from here."
"Well that's quite obvious. You look a lot like a centaur though."
"I'm from another planet."
She laughs at that, "Another planet...like an alien?"
"Well yes."
Wynn blinks, "So your planet has centaurs?"
"No. You see, my people can choose to shift forms to help us blend in and well...I made a mistake."
"It was my first time on your planet so I didn't know the anatomy, okay? I saw a human with four legs and a unique body shape and assumed that that was the normal. I failed to do more research and after I had finished shifting, the human had hopped down off the the other creature, which come to find out is called a horse. So I inadvertently became a centaur."
"O-kay?"
Her mind was reeling but then she snorts, dissolving into giggles.
He harrumphed, crossing his arms, "it's not funny."
"Yes it is! Without watching or studying further you just change? And now you're stuck as this for what, forever?"
"Well not forever, just for five heat cycles. My fourth one is coming up."
"And the antlers?"
"He had been wearing them on his head so I had assumed further-"
She falls back laughing and he growls low at her. "How was I to know that the helmet came off."
She laughs harder and finally he had enough, quickly reaching down and grabbing her ankle firmly. He lifts her in the air upside down and she squeaks in surprise as he she struggles to keep her skirt in between her legs.
"That's enough! No more laughing!"
She's quiet, looking up at him as she holds the fabric in place.
He sighs, "I dislike hurting people or scaring them but I will if I need to. Now, yes, I made a mistake but there is no need to mock me for it. I'm sorry if I frightened you."
A sweet scent hits his nostrils then as he moved to lower her. He takes a deep inhale and nearly groans at the smell.
What was that? It smelled delicious.
He pulls her closer, taking another inhale and its stronger.
She struggles, pushing at him with her other foot.
"Ulyriad, what...what are you doing?"
He grabbed her other ankle and moves his face closer to the hands clutched between her legs. He inhales deeply and this time he does groan.
The smell was coming from Wynn.
Wynn is blushing as his nose brushes against her hands. She tries to push him away but then he's nosing into her harder and she bites back a moan.
"This smell...utla! Its...I need more of it."
She blushes harder when she understands what he's talking about. He could smell the wetness clinging to her panties.
"Put me down. This isn't right, Ulyriad."
That seems to snap him out of it and he lowers her back to the ground gently.
He groans again, "I apologize. Can you tell me what that smell was?"
She clears her throat and shakes her head.
"Its, well its embarrassing."
He snorts, "how is something that delicious embarrassing?"
That pulls her up short.
"Wait, you like that smell?"
He turns to the side with a nod, almost embarassed by his reaction and she's curious now. She tilts her head and out of the corner of her eye, she sees it.
The smell had affected him so much that the cock of his horse half was hanging out, hard and twitching ever so slightly.
He was turned on by the smell...her smell. She bites her lip.
Its huge, thick with a flared tip and her core clenches suddenly. She freezes at her reaction, looking up at Ulyriad in shock as he moans softly.
"Its stronger now. Its, oh, its driving me crazy."
"Ulyriad, are you okay?"
His gaze snaps back to her and she motions to his hands that are still rubbing at that spot.
"That smell is having an effect on me. One I did not calculate."
"Its turning you on?"
He furrows his brows in confusion.
"Its making you want to fuck?"
"You mean mate?"
"Yeah, same thing."
"Ah, no, fucking is recreational...mating is for offspring."
"So which is it?"
"Both actually. I...I would like to propose an experiment if I may?"
Her stomach flips and she stutters.
"What type of experiment?"
"I had originally come here to do research on humans but due to my mishap I have been unable to fully complete it. I have a few more things left to study."
"Like?"
"My main study is on human mating habits. I had originally planned to infiltrate and approach a human female in order to get hands on data. I assume you are at least somewhat comfortable with this form, since you haven't ran from me yet."
"So what you want to...mate with me?"
"Yes. For scientific purposes of course."
"That doesn't make it sound any better you know. You make it sound almost clinical."
He kneels down on his front knees, "I assure you that I would make it enjoyable for you. I have some knowledge on the basics of human copulation."
"So why do it physically with a human?"
"To be honest...I find myself drawn to humans. So many different sizes, shapes, colors! There is so much variation that it makes my head spin. And females are particularly interesting. Their breast size for one. How they can vary from the smallest almost nonexistent to the largest but even that changes when pregnancy occurs. The breasts fill with milk for the infants, making large breasts even larger, giving curve to the smallest sizes. Its confusing and very arousing. And being able to physical experience it for myself, I would be able to gather much more precise data."
She laughs, "who would have thought? An alien with a thing for breasts. That specific one is a pregnancy kink."
"What is that? Kink?"
"Oh, okay, wow. You really haven't gotten out, have you? Kinks are unconventional sexual preferences or behavior during sex. Like breasts get you going. And you mentioned the size changing during pregnancy which leads me to believe you have a thing for pregnant women or pregnancy in general."
"Like breeding?" She nodded.
He had to admit, she had a sound theory. The thought of seeing a woman rounded with offspring make his cocks twitch.
She could see those red eyes glazing over and knew he was thinking about it. She snorts in amusement.
An alien with a pregnancy kink.
"So, would you be amiable to exploring these 'kinks'? As part of the study? The more data I gather, the better my findings will be."
"You..."
She gapes at him in disbelief. He was really adamant about this hands on approach to his research.
He groans gutturally, pressing his hands firmly against himself. He tries to move back but she touches his arm, ripping another groan from him.
Wynn is worried, "what's wrong?"
"Its my...well, trust is considered a good basis for a partnership and if you agree to help me, then you should know about my anatomy as well."
He moves his hands away, revealing the now swollen slit underneath and there was something teasing at the opening. It slid back and forth as it worked free and she swallows hard.
So he wasn't lying when he said he had two.
Holy shit.
She moved to kneel in front of him as the light blue appendage slips out to it's full length, writhing and slithering back and forth across his abdomen.
Its prehensile, long and slender with a cross shaped opening. It was the only thing that looked the most alien on him.
"What is that?"
"A hold over from my original form. This is, well it's an oviduct to be more precise. My species are egg-layers."
She clenches her thighs together as he had unknowingly hit upon a secret fantasy of hers. She was actually intrigued now. She had always wondered how it would feel...feeling each egg as they are deposited. Just how swollen would she get? How many eggs would he deposit?
"Don't worry. I won't deposit eggs if you don't want me too but I have to admit that that would be fascinating to watch. To see if you could carry them all."
"Uh, just how many do you kind deposit?"
"The largest clutch was twelve. The smallest was five."
She takes a deep breath, knowing that her next words would change things further between them.
"Some people have a thing for that...myself included."
Ulyriad looks down at her, this unreadable expression on his face and the blue oviduct twitches violently.
"You would be open to...to that?"
"Hey, I haven't agreed to anything yet."
"Very well, would you like a trial run?"
"A what?"
"A trial run? To make sure you will enjoy the experiment? It would also help to improve my tactical senses to better acquire information."
She laughs, "like a test drive?"
"Yes."
He traces a finger down her cheek and she feels something brush against her breast. She jerks back at the sight of the blue appendage sliding in between her breasts.
Ulyriad grips it and it flails, trying to break free.
"It sometimes has a mind of it's own. You're so soft."
She had to admit this was turning her on. Here was a creature from another planet literally arguing with her to let him fuck her.
She swallows hard, blushing as she nods.
He stills.
"I'll agree to the trial run but I have a hard time getting off."
He chuckles, "I assure you, I will try my hardest to make sure you enjoy it."
"I doubt it."
"Wynn, my kind can go for four days straight without a break during our heats. Stamina will not be an issue."
She gapes at him in shock. Four days?
He stands at his full height, motioning to her, "Now where should we start? Maybe we should be somewhere more comfortable? Or would against the tree be sufficient this first time?"
"After all that's happened today? I think we should put off the test run at least until tomorrow."
What the hell was she doing? Was she really planning on having sex with an alien?
"Ah yes. I agree. The data gathered would be eschewed and we wouldn't want that."
"I do have to ask. Just how long is your little 'experiment' going to go for?"
"At least two years."
"What?!"
"Well one month isn't going to be enough and I am curious about these 'kinks' you have mentioned. I would like to explore as many of them as I can."
Shit. If he wanted to do that...
"Do you understand just how many kinks there are?"
"If we explore the ones you are interested in and just acquire information on the ones you aren't, then it would only take one year."
He had a point, but would it really work?
"Well, I should get home and get some sleep, maybe something to eat to."
Ulyriad leaned down and lifted her into his arm and she yelped, throwing her arms around his shoulders.
"Then as you are feeling tired, I will assist you home."
He turned in the direction of her house and started walking. It was quiet except for the birds and the occasional small animal screeching.
Then something brushes against her bottom, making her jerk in his grip. He grits his jaw tightly, a low groan slipping out.
Again it lightly brushes along her bottom, teasing the cleft of her ass and she bites back a moan. But then the touch is more insistent against her now, rubbing over the backs of her thighs, trying to push in between her legs. She wriggles, a hand dropping to shove it away and she grips the blue tendril tightly causing Ulyriad to actually moan.
Its damp and slightly sticky.
"Its rather relentless isn't it?"
"I'm sorry. It has been some time since I last mated and the thought of it has made me rather excited."
"Your horny as all fuck?"
He groans, nodding jerkily. A naughty thought comes unbidden to her mind and she looks up at him, noticing his jaw clenching tight. His hands were actually trembling as he held her. It was affecting him more than he was letting on.
She grins to herself, he wasn't that bad. Hell, he could've just forced this onto her but he was holding himself back, letting her be in charge of when and where they did this.
All that talk about having sex and the kinks? And now that ovipositor of his was only making this ache between her thighs worse. She wanted more.
She discreetly drops her hands into her lap, dragging a few fingers down his chest in the process and he stops, looking at her strangely.
"Wynn? Are you alright?"
She scratches at her leg at the edge of her skirt and moves up, continuing to scratch small patches as the fabric gathers.
She hits a snag when part of the skirt is pinned by his arm and she wiggles, lifting up a bit.
"What are you doing?"
"Move your arm a bit."
He does and as soon as the skirt she leans down and grips the tendril and he nearly drops her, moaning loudly.
"Wha-oh! Ohh!"
She pulled the tendril in between her legs, letting it drag across her center.
"You don't deposit eggs unless your in heat right?"
"We deposit eggs when we need to. They don't form any further unless we fertilize. I...oh that's...your...its hot."
"So there's a chance that I could get filled with eggs if I let you fuck me with this?"
"Y-yes."
"Fuck. Would they have to be removed or will they just dissolve?"
"Without fertilization, they would just dissolve in two days."
"Alright." She bucked into the tendril and it eagerly rubbed back, trying to push past the barrier of her underwear.
She moaned softly, pushing at her underwear, kicking them off and arching as the tendril roughly shoves inside her.
Ulyriad stumbles, dropping to his front knees.
"Fuck! Its so wet. So much heat."
It slithers back and forth inside her nuzzling into her cervix and this time she cries out.
"Yes! I...I...fuck!"
"Wynn, I don't...your head?"
"Please?"
When she clenches tight around him, he growls, gripping the tendril tightly as he lifts her up off of it and she cries in frustration.
"How is that smell stronger?"
He lifts her higher, pressing her into a nearby tree, nuzzling his face into her curls.
Her scent hits him full in the face causing him to nuzzle his face into her folds insistently, moaning lewdly.
"Oh this is...this is decadent."
Wynn moans when he licks tentatively at her and he chuckles.
"Okay, so mouth stimulation is a definite yes."
He nudges into her harder, his nose hitting against her clit and she mewls.
"So this little nub is the clit, right?" She bucks her hips into him and he chuckles.
"I'll take that as a yes. Proper stimulation of the clit even without stimulating your vagina could cause an orgasm, correct?"
"D-don't call it that."
He stills, "what?"
"Either call it a cunt or a pussy, Ulyriad. Human men don't call it a vagina in bed."
"I see. Well, then should I taste more of this sweet cunt?"
She moaned. Oh that word was indecent in his low voice, sending shivers down her spine.
He groaned into her, grinding his tongue against her clit, slipping it down to just tease at her entrance before sliding it back up through her folds and lightly flicking against the nub again.
It was nearly too much, as she could feel that coil of desire winding up tighter and tighter and then he just slowed down, making her whimper.
"Easy, Wynn, breathe. Enjoy it."
The wet sounds of him moving against her made her core clench and pulse and she bucked her hips into him. But still his jaw slowly worked against her core, lapping and sucking at her in a measured back and forth.
It was driving her crazy. She was just about there and he was keeping her from it, just dancing on the edge. She panted, whining low in her throat.
"Please! Oh, please!"
His lips moved against her with fervor now, his tongue pressing harder, stroking into her core. She clutched him to her folds, her body responding to each lick and stroke into her core. He growled lowly, his tongue rubbing back and forth into her like a cock and she whimpered, bucking her hips into him which only encouraged him further.
She could feel the pressure growing, her thighs quivering and her core began to tingle.
"Please! Pleasepleaseplease...I need...Uly!"
He sucked her clit hard, tongue rasping softly over it and she seized up, back arched and a breathless cry falling from her mouth.
He pulled her open gently licking at her opening, eagerly cleaning the sweet slick from her core. She arched as he rubbed his nose over her still sensitive clit.
"Not only creating that intoxicating scent but this liquid as well? And it tastes just as intoxicating. How does your body do this?"
"I-I don't know."
"Well, are you ready for the next part?"
"What?"
He lifts her legs off his shoulders and lowers her and she cries out as the blue tendril slides eagerly into her.
"Shit! Talk about impatient."
He groans lewdly, "Oh your even wetter now. That's from-ugh!"
It slams into her cervix again, nuzzling against it harder and he stumbles, dropping to his knees, setting her against a damp, moss covered rock.
The sudden change in angle, sends it undulating wildly inside her and she tilts her hips up. She feels pressure, wincing in pain as the tendril pushes against her cervix harder but then there is a warmth filling her and she feels it drip from her.
"Ah, there, that should help ease the pain."
"W-what?"
"A slime that the oviduct secretes...it...oh...it helps to...umm...helps to loosen...the...cervix....oh fuck!"
It's still secreting the slime as she can feel it sliding down her thighs now in little rivulets. The tendril is sliding and twisting, slithering back and forth, in and out before retreating just to surge back into her slamming hard into her cervix and she sees stars, gasping for breath.
Ulyriad is panting hard, groaning as it continues to release the slime and it begins to splatter out. His ovipositor is pounding into her now, thrusting wildly and her cries are caught in her throat as it continues its relentless pace, working again and again against her inner gate.  
"Oh, this is...fuck, Wynn. I need...I need to..."
And finally her cervix gives and it slithers into her womb, bumping and rubbing against her walls and she pulls his face to hers, slamming their lips together and she screams as another orgasm is wrenched from her.
He growls, nipping and licking at her lip until he dips his tongue inside her mouth. Instinct has taken over now and he pulls her into the duct. His growl drops to a guttural sound in his throat as he breaks off to nip at her jaw and she moans.
He begins to babble in another almost ancient sounding language as his hands rub up and down her sides, sliding back to knead at her ass and he bucks into her, her head falls back from the pleasure.
"Oh! Oh, yes. Fuck yes!"
"It has been some time, " he's breathless, "since I've last mated. You feel so soft. So damn soft."
He moves against her for a bit longer until he shudders, a low whine escaping his throat as he goes rigid underneath her and his hands grip her ass harder.
"Here they come."
She was confused for a second until the oviduct expands inside her and she keens, feeling the tube pulse and undulate. Then it clicks.
The eggs.
He throws his head back and shouts, and she's bucking, jerking into him as the eggs begin to slide into her womb, eased by the slime that filled her. One and two brought some stretch and discomfort but the next two eggs pass easily and she's panting, squirming in his grasp. One of his hands drop to rub her slowly growing belly, before running up and down her ribs, lightly tracing the curve of her breasts.
"Four already and that quickly? Incredible. How many more do you think before you cum again?"
Then five and six bring more slime flooding into her womb and she comes, breathing catching in her throat and he chuckles hotly.
"So six brings that sound? Noted."
She groans, feeling so damn full. So full and filled and her mind is a blissed out mess.
Seven and eight make him groan this time and the duct twitches inside her.
"Fuck, so full..." One of her hands rub over her swollen abdomen and he watches her with heated eyes.
"Can you take any more?"
She kisses him hard, "Yes, oh fuck yes. I want them all."
He lets loose this absolutely wrecked sound at her reply that has her arching up into him and nine and ten wiggle through her cervix.
His legs finally give out and he flops down allowing her to slide down further onto the duct and she screams as eleven and twelve are pushed into her womb.
Ulyriad is grunting, gripping the tendril nearly painfully hard as he pulls her off him quickly, pinning her to the moss-covered rock. She's about to ask why when he cries out, eyes closes as both hands pump the tendril like a cock and it writhes wildly, spraying his seed all over her.
Wynn is floored, its so much that her clothes are soaked and its running down her body. He's babbling in that ancient language again as it twitches, releasing more seed again.
"Holy shit. How much is there?"
"No more. That was all of it." He groans, pressing his head into her neck, nipping at her collarbone.
"You are an extraordinary human, Wynn. You took a full twelve eggs. Utla! I'm sorry that I made such a mess of you, but I'm quite sure you did not want me to fertilize them. Not this time at least."
"This time?"
He rubs his hands up her sides, lightly caressing her stomach. "I admit that the thought of you carrying my eggs now is much more arousing but twelve is far too many. Five would be better, believe me. I grew up in a clutch of twelve. We nearly drove our mother insane."
He winked at her and she giggled, hand rubbing over her swollen belly.
"We'll see. Right now I think I need a shower. I'm coated."
He laughed then, standing to his feet and sweeping her into his arms gently. He pressed a kiss to her temple.
"I agree. So ends part one of the experiment. I'll need you to keep an eye on how you feel in the next few days. Note any adverse or positive effects, okay? I'll leave a communicator for you to get a hold of me in case of severe emergency."
"Emergency?"
"If you have an allergic reaction or the eggs are not dissolving."
"Oh."
"I will not force you to go through anything life-threatening, Wynn. Your health is first and foremost my priority in this study."
She smiles up at him tiredly before snuggling into him falling fast asleep.
His gaze dropped down to the now swollen curve of her belly and he's left breathless.
She really was amazing. Taking twelve eggs like that and still enough energy to smile afterwards. If she kept this up, he might just keep her.