The Notebook: The Giggle Box

Author's Note: I'm sorry this chapter's late. As the official beta, the chapters getting posted is sort of dependent on me having any time at all, and this week… not so much. The next one won't be late, though.

Love how you typed out "Author's Note"...I'm going to take the oportunity to pimp an anime I recently discovered. Utawarerumono. (It's a mouthful. I know.) It is feeding my twin obsession. Legit. I have the most horribly unhealthy obsession with twins ever. They are super cute, and the ones in this series are furries (/cough/ and share a lover and call him "m'lord" and are too flipping cute for words!)...They aren't actually in it too much yet though. /frownie face/ Anyways, have fun, read, review, enjoy. I love you all! -Scarlet

Disclaimer: Not ours. If Scarlet wants to post something witty, she can. Also a chapter title. I am half-dead today.

Warnings: …Uh, I don't think there's any lemon in this chapter. Yeah, there's not really anything to warn against, as far as I can tell. There is spin the bottle and trickery (which actually happened to us, for the record) though.

"I suppose we should get up now?" Fuji sat up and stretched.

"Looks that way." Oishi smiled from the door.

"Congratulations, Oishi." Tezuka sat up as well.

"Thanks, I'll go try to get him to settle down." Oishi shut their door softly and left.

Fuji pulled himself out of the bed and started pulling his clothes on, Tezuka mimicking on the other side of the bed.

"It smells like Taka-san's been cooking..." Fuji sniffed at the smells coming from the kitchen. "Do you think I should make Momo and Ryoma get up?"

"Leave them for a while." Tezuka put a hand on the small of Fuji's back and guided him downstairs.

"You're not even eighteen yet, Kikumaru..." Ryuuzaki-sensei frowned in confusion.

"Nya, but Sensei, I'm totally sure there'll never be anyone else I love as much as Oishi, so why not?"

"Because you're seventeen, your mind could change. You never know. Give it a couple more years, at least."

"A couple years won't change how I feel," Eiji said stubbornly. "And it won't change how Oishi feels, either."

"Surprisingly, Sensei, I agree with Eiji," Oishi said, coming up behind Eiji and wrapping his arm around his partner's waist.

She sighed. "You boys..." She hugged them, making their eyes widen at the strange act. "When you tell your parents, I had no knowledge of this. None. Do you hear me?" She shook a stern finger at them. "I'm happy for you." She took her cell phone and walked out to the porch.

A part of Eiji wondered if she was calling a day spa or a psychologist. He knew she would probably need trips to both after this vacation was over.

"I think our parents will be happy for us. Don't you think, Oishi?"

"Mm, I'm not sure. Your parents might be, but my parents will probably think we're being irresponsible... And they'll probably think we're only doing it so we can have sex."

Eiji sniggered. "Nya, Oishi, your parents need to realize you're not as innocent they think you are."

"Thanks to you," Oishi accused, smiling. "Why don't we go upstairs and I'll show you just how much you've corrupted me?"

"I believe you were the one who suggested most of the alternatives!" Eiji shot back with a grin.

Oishi blushed before swinging Eiji up into his arms and starting back to to the main level.

"No more sex until after dinner," Fuji commanded as he saw the pair. He was pointing at them with a sauce-covered wooden spoon. Taka-san stood behind him, obviously having had said spoon removed from his hand just to be used as a pointer.

"Fujiko! You meanie!"

"It's almost ready, you guys," Taka-san tried to placate.

Oishi put Eiji on the floor and took a seat at the table next to Inui, Eiji plopping into a chair on his other side.

"Mitsu, do you mind going to wake up Momo and Echizen?"

"They probably want to be left alone."

"You know they never turn down food, no matter how exhausted they are."

Tezuka considered this for a moment, then nodded and started up the stairs.

Fuji started bringing out plates piled with Taka-san's yummy cooking.

"So what are we going to do tonight in honor of our newly engaged couple?" Fuji stood between his friends and put his hands on their shoulders.

"We can finish the game of Mao..." Inui suggested.

"I think we might have too many people to play as a whole group."

"There's always Truth or Dare and Never Have I Ever, but we've already played those..." Taka-san brought out more plates.

"Oh! Oh! I know!" Eiji waved a hand in the air. "We should play Spin the Bottle! Please?" He looked at Oishi and Fuji with puppy eyes.

Fuji raised an amused eyebrow. "You just got engaged and you want to play Spin the Bottle."

Eiji flushed. "Yes?"

"Well, that's not exactly a game Taka-san's comfortable with playing..." Oishi pointed out.

"Oh, well, I don't really mind, I suppose," the power player said. "If everyone else wants to play, I'm in."

After dinner and clean up and Ryuzaki had gone to bed, they piled into the living room.

"Are we playing the way that someone just spins the bottle and whoever the two ends land on kiss, or are we playing the way that you go around the circle and whoever the neck end points to you kiss?" Momo asked as he pulled Ryoma to his side.

"No, no! The person who gets kissed spins next," Eiji argued. "If you do it the first way, the same two people will always kiss each other and that's boring, nya..."

"Well, I don't want to kiss anyone but Ryoma anyways..." Momo muttered.

"Would you like to establish any other rules, Eiji? Length of time required for the kiss? Anything like that?" Fuji asked.

"Um... well, at least a couple seconds, not some wimpy kiss, nya," Eiji said thoughtfully. "But there doesn't have to be tongue or anything."

Nodding, Fuji sat on the carpet, the other Regulars following suit.

"Fuji, you are not allowed to spin the bottle... Neither are you, Inui," Tezuka said before he sat down between Ryoma and Oishi.

"Mou, but why, Mitsu?" Fuji pouted. "How can I possibly cheat at spinning a bottle?"

Tezuka just glared. He didn't know how, but Fuji certainly would find a way, and he wasn't having it.

"And anyway, how am I supposed to play if I can't spin it?"

"Someone will spin it for you." Tezuka said.

"You start, Oishi!" Eiji handed him the bottle.

Oishi took the bottle and set it in the center of the circle. He gave it a spin. It landed on Taka-san.

Taka looked hesitantly at the vice captain, who smiled apologetically. Taka shrugged and leaned forward, meeting Oishi halfway. They stared at each other awkwardly for a moment before Oishi leaned forward and pressed their lips together.

They pulled apart quickly and took their spots in the circle.

Taka spun the bottle.

Please don't land on Fuji. Please don't land on Fuji, Tezuka chanted in his head.

The bottle came to a slow stop, pointing at Fuji.

Fuji smiled, and stood, walking around the circle to Taka. He touched the back of Tezuka's neck softly. Don't you dare freak out, Mitsu, he thought, hoping that he would become momentarily telepathic.

Kissing Taka-san was like kissing a relative, and honestly, Fuji couldn't imagine Taka's crush would persist after this.

Fuji gave the taller boy a smile as he stood up and returned to his place. "Who wants to spin for me?" Tezuka reached for the bottle.

It landed on Momo. Tezuka almost laughed. The junior had done almost nothing but piss off the tensai the entire vacation.

Momo looked like someone had put him in a cage with a tiger. Ryoma had to shove him toward Fuji. Fuji kissed him innocently enough at first, but as soon as Momo went to pull away, the tensai bit down hard on his lip. Momo yelped.

"Fuji-sempai!"

Fuji blinked innocently. "Oh, I'm sorry, Momo. I didn't mean to."

"Whatever," Momo grumbled, taking the bottle and spinning it.

It took all Kaidoh's will not to get up and run away when it landed on him.

"I'm not kissing him!" Momo pointed at Kaidoh.

Kaidoh didn't want to kiss the idiot either, but at the same time part of him was still insulted.

"Would you rather drink penal-tea?" Tezuka asked, not missing a beat.

"Yes."

"Oh, don't be childish," Fuji chided. "You've had sex, just get it over with."

They looked at each other, glaring daggers, and leaned across the circle, brushing their lips together briefly before retreating and glaring some more. Kaidoh spun, the bottle landing on Tezuka.

That's not so bad, Kaidoh thought. At least I've kissed him before. He moved around the circle to Tezuka.

The game was relatively uneventful after that. Tezuka kissed Fuji, who kissed Inui, who kissed Eiji, who spent much longer than was necessary kissing Oishi, and so on.

"I think it's time for bed..." Fuji watched Ryoma's head bob as he drifted off to sleep again. Eiji was cuddled against Oishi's side. He took the bottle from the center of their circle and put it on the coffee table, effectively ending their game.

Momo scooped Ryoma into his arms and started up the stairs.

"No more sex, Momo-sempai..." Ryoma mumbled.

The rest of them got up and trailed upstairs.

"We should move this back into our room..." Oishi stood in front of the toy chest.

"Tezuka and I will move it. You and Eiji go get ready for bed." Fuji smiled at the vice captain.

"Okay..." Oishi smiled hesitantly and pulled Eiji into the restroom to brush their teeth.

Fuji took his cell phone from his pocket and placed it inside the chest. "Mitsu, come help me." Fuji said as Tezuka came out of their room in his pajamas.

They pushed the box back into the Golden and Emerald Pairs' room.

Inui and Kaidoh were already asleep when Oishi and Eiji made it into the bedroom. They curled together under the blanket.

"Ne, Oishi..." Eiji said uncertainly.

"Hm?" Oishi replied sleepily, hugging Eiji tighter to him.

"Are you sure you want to marry me?"

"What? Of course I'm sure, Eiji. I wouldn't have said yes if I wasn't."

"Well... okay." The redhead didn't sound entirely convinced. "Love you."

"Love you too, Eiji." Oishi kissed his forehead.

He'd just begun to drift off to sleep when Eiji shook him awake, whispering his name frantically.

"Eiji? ...Eiji, what-calm down. What is it?"

"It giggled!"

"What giggled?"

"The box! That evil box, I'm telling you, it just giggled, I heard it!"

"Eiji, you were probably just imagining it... go back to-" Oishi stopped, eyes widening as he heard a menacing giggle coming from the corner of the room.

They both sat up, Kaidoh similarly righted in the other bed, a look of horror on his face.

It giggled again, and all three of them ran out of the room and down the stairs.

Tezuka heard screaming just seconds after Fuji turned the lights off.

"What did you do, Syusuke?"

"Nothing, Mitsu."

"You're lying."

"I am not."

"You are. You know I can always tell."

"It's very impolite to accuse people, you know."

Inui blinked as his boyfriend bolted out of the bedroom, the Golden Pair following after, and reached for his glasses on the nightstand. Inui didn't believe in ghosts or demons or anything of that nature; it was simply illogical, so there must be something else that was making the toybox giggle. There was a ninety-six percent chance that Fuji had done something to it, but he didn't know what. He climbed out of bed and knelt by the box, examining it.

A dim light was shining through the hole in the 'B'. Inui opened the box and pulled out Fuji's cell phone. It said Tezuka was calling as the giggling started again. The analyst waited until the call went to voicemail and then called Tezuka.

"Hello?" Fuji answered the phone.

"Why do you have my phone?" Tezuka said in the background.

"Would you like to explain to me why your phone is in the toy box, Fuji?"

"If you play along and get them to go back to bed, and you act like you can't hear it, you will get some very good data," Fuji sing-songed into the phone.

"Fuji," Tezuka's voice said in the background.

Inui thought about this for a moment. "...You have a point. Okay, I'll convince them to come back up."

"Have fun!"

Inui found his three roommates in the living room huddled together in terror on the couch. "What is this about?"

"The box! It's possessed," Eiji whispered.

"Nonsense," Inui said. "I didn't hear anything. It's highly probable that you're all just afraid of what that book said, and your fear is manifesting. We should go to bed now, we have to get up early in the morning."

"It did, though! I swear it did!" Eiji shouted.

"M-maybe Inui's right, Eiji..." Oishi tried to reason.

Eiji pouted as Oishi slowly, cautiously lead him back upstairs.

"Kaoru..."

"No."

"Come," Inui ordered, offering his hand to his boyfriend.

Kaidoh took the hand and fixed Inui with a trusting look.

Inui almost felt bad as he shut the door and laid back down, tucking Kaidoh to his chest.

Fuji's phone rang, the bizarre laughter he had recorded as his ringtone filling the room. Kaidoh stiffened.

"Inui! It is too giggling!" Eiji yelled, trying desperately to worm further into Oishi's arms.

"Kikumaru, I don't hear anything," Inui said, sitting up. "Please go to sleep."

"Inui! This isn't funny anymore!"

"I really don't hear anything. I think you're all suffering from lack of sleep and it's making you hallucinate." The box giggled again, and Inui tried not to react.

Fuji heard Eiji yelling at Inui in the next room and giggled. He hit redial on Tezuka's phone.

"Syusuke, give me my phone."

Fuji gasped. "Kunimitsu! You have Tetris on here and you didn't tell me! For shame!" he scolded, looking over his shoulder.

"You said if we had sex this afternoon..."

"I'm not torturing you, Kunimitsu. I'm torturing Eiji, Oishi, and Kaidoh." The phone made a noise, and Fuji squirmed. "Level two!" He paused his game to redial.

Tezuka glared at the tensai's back.

"Sadaharu," Kaidoh growled as the box giggled again, "I know you know what's going on, and if you don't tell me-"

"Kaoru, I am being completely honest. I cannot hear this giggling you all are going on about."

Kaidoh looked at him suspiciously. "You know, I trust you more than anyone. You don't usually lie to me."

I know this tactic, Inui thought as he felt his resolve start to weaken. I will not be guilt-tripped out of getting data.

"And I don't want to have a reason to stop trusting you," Kaidoh continued. "Because I think trust is the most important part of a relationship."

Inui bit his lip. The box "laughed," and Kaidoh pressed closer into his arms.

"'Haru..." Inui could only call the tone a whimper. He groaned and threw the covers off. He stalked over to the toybox, grabbed the phone, opened their door roughly, and walked to Tezuka and Fuji's door. He tossed open their door and chucked the phone at Fuji, who dodged just barely without looking.

The analyst slammed his captain's door and walked back to his room slightly calmer. He reached to push his glasses up the bridge of his nose and found that they weren't there.

Oishi and Eiji stood in the doorway when he got back.

"Inui's a jerk, nya!"

"That was not nice. You should know better than to listen to Fuji, Inui."

Inui, who had been looking down, started to turn his gaze up, hoping that by some miracle it would work on them as well as it did on Kaoru.

"Don't you even!" Kaidoh smacked Inui's head back down with his pillow.

"He said I could get good data," Inui defended.

Kaidoh hit him again.

"I'm sorry," the analyst said dejectedly, hanging his head.

Ryoma struggled to break Momo's hold on him so he could sit up. "What in hell is going on out there?" he grumbled, climbing out of bed. He opened his door to find the Golden Pair and Inui in the doorway of their bedroom.

"Stop. Talking," he growled. "Some people are trying to sleep, you know. Some people were molested for three straight hours this afternoon and are exhausted and are ready to start hitting people with tennis balls-"

"Go to bed, Echizen." Kaidoh ordered, grabbing Inui's wrist and pulling him into the room, slamming the door shut.

Ryoma glared at the closed door and scuffled back to his bed, snuggling back into Momo's arms. "Kaidoh-sempai's being bossy."

"He has to be, Inui's his boyfriend," Taka mumbled from the bed over.

"I'm sorry, Kaoru."

"Shut up." Kaidoh turned his back to Inui as they laid down again.

"I love you."

"Shut up."

"I'm sorry I lied to you."

"Inui-sempai, if you say one more word I swear on my life I will break up with you."

Inui fell silent, instead opting to nuzzle the back of Kaidoh's neck. Kaidoh made a happy sound and leaned into the touch, then stiffened and pulled away. "Don't try it. I'm upset with you, and trying to get me to forgive you is just going to make me angrier."

Inui pressed a single kiss to the nape of Kaidoh's neck before he backed away, giving the younger boy ample room.

"Oh dear... I will have to do something nice for Inui and Kaidoh..."

"Why?"

"Kaidoh just threatened to break up with Inui..."

"Fuji."

"I didn't think something like this would happen!" Fuji tapped his chin thoughtfully. "How to help Inui make it up to Kaidoh..."

"Syusuke, stop plotting and come to bed."