ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 9

I once again I stretched, as Kevin got up from the chair, leaving his toga on the seat, as he had done between every segment thus far. I could tell he had so many questions, but the Sullivans were waiting for me by the classroom door. We walked back out into the hallway, as I heard Robert close the door behind us. This time I was thrilled with the possibility of being discovered in my nakedness, by someone I haven't yet met. I took my regular position, facing the closed classroom door, as my bare back, naked butt cheeks and uncovered legs were on display for anyone who may be in the area. The cold tiles beneath my bare feet were again a reminder of how inappropriate it seemed to me, to be naked in such a very public setting. Anyone could walk up at any moment and see me. Still, I was overwhelmed with titillation and excitement. The Sullivans were facing me with their backs to the closed classroom door.

Robert said, "Jenifer, we've taken up enough of your time, but it's less than three weeks until the 'San Franscico Exhibition'. If you are interested in modeling, we would need confirmation no later than Tuesday evening. Felix's team will inevitably come up with someone fitting your description to pose, but he seems to have his mind set on you". Elaine thought it fit to add, "And Jenifer. There will be a robe available if you choose to wear one between segments". "If I choose to wear one?', I asked. "Well in Europe", she continued, "Many of the girls find that removing the robe in such a public setting, over and over, can bring on anxiety that they don't experience, if they just remain nude for the duration. It's always up to the girl". "Great. Now I have something else to consider", I thought to myself.

I looked up at the Sullivans, and said, "I'll have to talk with my husband before making any decision". Elaine looked down at me, and said, "Of course dear. Just don't wait too long". We shook hands, then I escorted them to the top of the stairway, which was about twenty-five feet from room #305. The thought of being so far from the safety of the classroom, had me feeling excited, vulnerable, daring, exposed and audacious. You name it! I felt it, at that moment! Knowing Mrs. Slate would be calling me to pose for the final segment of the class in a couple of minutes, I started to procrastinate and spent what little time I had left, dawdling about fifteen feet from the classroom door.

Not wanting the experience to end and having the area to myself, since the three men who were mopping the floors were no longer there, I made the grave mistake of assuming we were the only ones using a classroom, located on the third floor of the college's art wing that day. I made my first step towards the protection of the classroom, when the door of the adjoining classroom swung open. Being about the same distance from each of the doors, I found myself trapped and staring right into the eyes of Francesca Artola! She is a girl I had graduated from high school with. Both our eyes were totally bugged out, when she emphatically and in the most inquisitive tone, asked, "Jenifer! Is that you?' I was completely frozen in fear, as she said, "It is you!" .... "What are you doing here? And why are you naked?", she asked, with a puzzled yet disapproving expression on her face.

I was trembling as I struggled to come out with the words, while pointing at the door to classroom #305, "I'm modeling for an art class". Francesca and I never really got along in high school, so I could tell she was totally amused by my predicament. "Well Jenifer. I've been teaching at this college for two years now, and I've never seen you modeling here before", she said, as she maneuvered herself between me and the door, leading to the art class. "There's something else that's troubling me as well, Jen", she continued, "A real 'Life Model' would never shave her pussy. It's a breach of 'Life Modeling' etiquette, and pretty much taboo in that field of the arts". She then gave me a sinister grin, and said, "Sorry Jen, but this is too good pass up", as she pulled her cell phone from her back pocket and started taking photos of me, right there in the hallway.

At first, I felt like I was in some sort of a bad dream and was unable to comprehend my circumstances. After recovering my state of awareness, I covered my tits and pussy, but not in time to keep her from getting almost a dozen full frontals of me, as I implored her to stop. "Please Francesca. Stop! I'm naked!", I begged. "Another reason not to believe you Jenifer. I real 'Life Model" never uses the word 'Naked". They always say 'Nude"', as her quick fingers were snapping photo after photo of my cowering naked body, as my eyes started to tear up. Just as I thought I might pass out from the utter humiliation of the episode, Mrs. Slate walked out in the hallway, and said, "Francesca! What are you doing?" "Just questioning our naked little intruder here, Mrs. Slate", finally ceasing from taking more pictures of me. "Jenifer is posing for a class, Francesca! Now you stop that! You know the rules about cameras in the art classes!" Sure thing Mrs. Slate, as she winked at me, then disappeared back into her classroom, with dozens of naked photos of me, along with every shred of my dignity, stored right there on her cell phone.

Mrs. Slate immediately recognized I was a bit traumatized from the incident and walked over to hug me. The seventy-year-old woman held on tight, as she whispered into my ear, "Jenifer. I have no idea what transpired between you and Francesca out here, but now's the time for you to decide one thing. Are you a 'Life Model' or not? If so, you have one more segment to complete for this class, so the students can get the extra credit they need to move on with their studies. I took a deep breath, dried my eyes, and said, "O.k. Mrs. Slate. I'll finish out the last segment. We both walked into the classroom together. I re-took my pose, as she floated behind the four student artists, knowing the end of the final modeling segment of the session, was only ten minutes away.

My mind was racing, knowing that Francesca had those naked photos of me. I tried to think of something else, but I couldn't. The anxiety from thinking about what she might do with them, was becoming overwhelming, as I suddenly heard, Mrs. Slate announce, "Time's up class". I stood upright and was stretching, when she said, "Class. Let's be sure to thank Jenifer for filling in today". The four students looked at me, then started their small rendition of an applause. Mrs. Slate then called me over, as I was preparing to walk to the changing room so I could get dressed. She took my hand and led me behind the student artists, allowing me to see, for the first time, their drawings. I was stunned! Each student had drawn the wealthy Roman citizen and his young servant girl, to their own perfection. You could not look at these drawings without noticing, they had flawlessly captured the mental image of, "First Century Rome", as Mrs. Slate had described it earlier. I was amazed!

Of course, I was unable to keep from looking how each artist portrayed my bare butt cheeks and clean-shaven pussy, in their renditions. Each of the students' drawings were lightyears away from being anything that resembled pornography, but were all, what I would call, 'True Art', at its finest! "I was so grateful I didn't come off looking like a SLUT!", I thought to myself. Mrs. Slate seemed well pleased with the four students' drawings, almost as much as I was! You can never be 'So' distracted, that you become unaware that you are completely naked, in a room where everyone else, (well almost everyone else) is fully clothed. That moment was as close as anyone could have ever come. I was so emersed in the drawings themselves, that my state of nudity, was the furthest thing from my mind. Well....That was until Mrs. Slate asked to speak to me privately.

I pretended I didn't hear her at first, allowing me a few more moments to take in the full spectrum of the students' work. I was emotionally torn between the images of, 'Me'.... "The Life Model", so carefully depicted on the students' easels, and the individual, that I knew to be, 'Me'.... "The Person", whose depraved ideas had been rushing through her mind, while determining many of her shameless actions, throughout the two-hour modeling experience. I turned towards Mrs. Slate, before she needed to call me again, knowing I had experienced every possible emotion, one can experience, when in an environment like the one I had been in for the last two plus hours. I removed the floral wreath I had been wearing, then handed it to Mrs. Slate.

I had forgotten I was wearing the wreath, until I saw the drawings. Imagine that! I forgot about the 'One and Only Thing' I had been wearing for the last two hours! "WTF?" I was thinking, when Mrs. Slate took me by both hands, much in the way she had, when we first met. Bits and pieces of my naked escapade were revealing themselves, when I suddenly remembered Mrs. Slate's expression, the first time she looked down at my bald pussy. I didn't notice at the time, but she had gone from being elated over my tiny frame, to seeming the 'Oh So Slightest' bit disappointed, as she said, "Oh... And look. It's as shiny as a new penny", referring to my clean-shaven pussy. She squeezed my hands, as her kind and gentle smile, made me realize she was about to talk to me about something important.

"Jenifer dear", She said. "Your performance today, while under such stressful conditions, was exemplary!" She then became a bit solemn, and said, "Posing for Felix Laconia, is an honor, Jenifer. If you choose to pose in San Franscico next month, you will do yourself well, to pose a few more times here at the college, for the experience". With the sound of Felix's voice ringing through my head, as he said, "See that she grows some pubic hair, and have her in San Franscico on the 9th of next month", I was starting to realize that a completely clean-shaven pussy was inappropriate, when you are 'Life Modeling'. I was afraid the seventy-year-old woman was going to advise me on the subject of pubic hair, or my lack thereof, because her countenance appeared a bit awkward, concerning what she was about to say next.

"Jenifer. I'm not sure why this younger generation of women seemed to have an obsession with removing virtually all of their pubic hair. Perhaps it has become part of your daily hygienic routine. No matter. You do need to be aware that some pubic hair is desirable in the 'Life Modeling' field of the arts. It brings a sense of depth and distinction to the area, even when in small amounts". "I had a small amount this morning!", I thought to myself. I knew at that moment, I was going to kill Kevin, for having me unknowingly shave my pussy! All I could do was nod in agreement to the sweet old woman. After all, I wasn't about to get into a full-blown discussion about my bald pussy, within ear shot of the four student artists. Mrs. Slate, then smiled, and said, "Now you go get dressed dear", as she let go of my hands.

Keving had been looking at the student's drawings, showing no sense of urgency to put his clothes back on, when I walked by him, fuming that he had humiliated me this way. We both entered our changing rooms at the same time. He could sense something was wrong, and asked, "Are you alright, Jen?" I glared at him over the partition between the rooms, and said, in a stern but low tone, "I can't believe you had me shave my pussy, Kevin! Why would you do that?", I asked. He just looked guilty and contrite, as he replied, "Really, Jen. I didn't think you would actually pose. I figured if you did, it would be a "One and Done" type of thing. You seemed so happy frolicking around in the nude last night, I thought if you wanted to experience being naked in front of others, why not make sure you were completely naked?"

Whether I felt he meant well, or I was just too distracted with other things on my mind, I let Kevin off the hook with a dismissive, "Just forget it Kevin", as I put on my clothes. Francesca still had over two dozen naked photos of me on her phone, and I would soon be talking to Paul about my first 'Life Modeling' experience, and how I was offered an opportunity to pose for Felix Laconia. First, I had to deal with Francesca Artola, and convince her to delete the naked photos of me from her phone. I exited the changing room, feeling somewhat saddened that I was no longer naked. The experience was intoxicating, no matter how often it rendered me subject to the unwanted heights of vulnerability and the lowest depths of public humiliation. I was hooked!

Mrs. Slate handed me her card, along with those of the Sullivans, as we all walked out of the classroom together. Kevin asked me if I was coming, as everyone headed down the stairway. I simply replied, "Not just yet. I'm going to check in on an old friend", as I headed for the classroom door where Francesca was, hoping she had not already left for the day. I procrastinated, as I waited to hear everyone leave the college from the door at the bottom of the staircase. I then took a deep breath and knocked on Francesca's classroom door, opening it slightly and peeking inside. "Come in Jenifer! I've been waiting for you!", she exclaimed. Knowing she had the upper hand, since my naked pictures were on her phone, I meekly walked in the classroom and shut the door behind me.

"I barely recognized you with your clothes on, Jenifer!", she said, with a sinister grin smeared across her face. I knew then, my mission had little chance of success. But with my plight worsening, I had to try and talk her into deleting those photos from her phone. "Come sit", she said, tapping the seat of the chair next to the one she was sitting in. I did as I was instructed, as she pulled out her phone and said, "Now. Let's look at these wonderful photos of you, together. She pulled them up and made me look at each and every one of the thirty-one pictures she had taken. The fact that the first nine were full frontals of me, will give you an indication of how long it took me to realize that she was actually taking pictures of me while I was completely naked, right there in the college hallway. It was so surreal.

I just looked at each and every one of the photos with her, while trying to come up with a strategy to get her to delete them. "This is my favorite", she said, as I saw the second to last full frontal of me displayed on her phone. "It
has everything in it!", she said, with such exuberance. "The expression on your face is priceless, as you first came to the realization that I was taking pictures of your naked ass! As you can see, it also has an unobstructed view of that delicious bald pussy of yours, and those fantastic nipples! I had forgotten how they could practically poke your eye out, from our days in the high school girl's shower. I was mortified, as she displayed the last photo of me! There I was, bent over and cringing from the shame of the incident in the hallway, while trying to conceal my tits and pussy, with the look of total desperation, plastered right across my face.

Hoping all Francesca only wanted to humiliate me face to face, I summoned the courage to ask, "Francesca. Will you please delete the pictures now?" Her reply would leave me hanging in the balance, between great relief and total anxiety, for the next twenty-four hours. "One minute, Jen. I just need to send them to someone first". "Who?", I asked, in a tone laced with apprehension. "You, of course silly. Now give me your number". "My number? Why?" "Don't take too much time, Jen. We wouldn't want these photos to accidentally get posted on the internet". No sooner had I rattled off my number to Francesca, that the telltale sound of the Bing. Bing. Bing, of the photos being downloaded to my phone, was all I heard. All thirty-one of them.

I looked to her, hoping for some sympathy, as I pleaded with my eyes, and said, "Please promise me you won't post them or show them to anyone, Francesca". "If you follow my instructions, Jen, I promise I will never post nor show the naked pictures of you, that are on my phone, to anyone". "What instructions?", I asked. Before she could answer, I mumbled, "All I was doing was posing for a 'Life Model' class". Francesca rolled her eyes, and said, "Jenifer! You are as much a 'Life Model, as I am an 'Astronaut'! Let's face it! An opportunity presented itself and you seized the moment, so you could parade your slutty little naked self around the college, with no fear of retribution! Oh...And by the way. Why did you shave your vagina? Granted, it looks so fresh and tasty, but a 'Life Modeling' class is no place for a totally bald pussy. A real 'Life Model' would have known that".

Every word from Francesca's mouth was the absolute truth. I have never felt so ashamed of myself, as I did at that moment. While I was battling internally with my sudden loss of virtue and modesty, she revealed her intentions concerning my naked pictures, to me. "O.k. Jenifer. Listen up!", she started with. "One way or another these photos are going to be posted on the internet. I can post them on hundreds of sites, or you can pick just one obscure little website to post them to. Once I've confirmed they have been posted, I will delete my set of the pictures. Got it?" "You're going to make 'Me' post naked photos of 'Myself', on the internet?", I asked, recognizing the emotional cruelty of her demand. "You can or I will", was her callous reply. There was no way out! I was going to be naked on the internet! Whether by Francesca's hand or mine, I was going to be exposed completely naked, for the whole world to see!

My mental quandary was interrupted by Francesca, as she divulged the next stage of her troublesome scheme. "Jenifer. You only have to post your naked pictures on one website. That website, however, has to come under the search words, "GOT CAUGHT NAKED". You can go to the end of the list of pages to find a suitable place to post your photos. If you don't do it by 6:00 tomorrow evening, and let me know the web address, I'll will plaster your "NAKED ASS" all over the worldwide web, along with as many local websites, as I can find!" I knew there was no convincing her to just delete the photos, so I stood up, mumbled the words "Talk to you tomorrow", and walked out of the classroom, with the physical evidence from my afternoon of depravity, securely stored on my phone.

My eyes were filling with tears, as I got into my car. Question after question raced through my mind. "How much do I tell Paul about this afternoon? What reason do I use to explain away my clean-shaven pussy? Do I still have the desire to pose for Felix in San Franscico? Will anyone I know see the naked photos of me on the internet? Would it matter to anyone who did see them, that I had no choice but to post the photos? My world was collapsing in around me, but I was still unable to keep myself from pulling up the photos Francesca had taken. She was right. The second to last full frontal was the best picture of the bunch. My expression in the photo, accurately portrayed the hopelessness of my situation. That hopelessness was only eclipsed by the intensity of my arousal, as I stared at myself, naked and humiliated in the college hallway.

At a time when I should have been heading for home and trying to come up with some reasonable answers and explanations to my many dilemmas, I found myself captivated by the little naked girl on my phone. I started wondering what someone who might have inadvertently discovered a post with its 31 photos, would be thinking. I was quickly becoming saturated between my legs, when an ill-timed glance upward, had me locked eye to eye, with Francesca. Her stare was piercing through my psyche, as her disquieting smile had me completely unnerved. She was in the safety of her 3rd floor classroom, when she managed to squeeze in one last ominous glare, before walking away from the window. I immediately put down my phone and started for home.

