Guessing What - Jane and I Get Naked  by WHR

***** If you aren't at least 18 years of age, read no further  *****
***** This is a work of fiction – any resemblance to actual persons or events is coincidental *****

In the end it was a perfect breast that did it. Its existence startled me. I was sitting in a chair at the synagogue one Friday night after services, waiting, when Jane walked by, then paused to talk to someone, right in front of me. She was about sixty, very short, decidedly round, and singularly plain. There, directly in front of my eyes, was her breast, enclosed by a simple white cotton shirt, not big, definitely not small, and essentially a perfect, almost apple shape. It was just a bit larger than I expected, having known her for some time, and as I said at the beginning, of a perfect shape. Nothing else about her was anywhere near perfect, except for that breast, which was why it was so startling. It asked more questions than it answered, and something that perfect, attached to something that imperfect, did stimulate curiosity. At a minimum, it begged to be seen, touched, explored. Then there was the braid – a single long braid down the back of her neck, reaching nearly to the waist. It effectively tamed, and hid, a very fine head of very thick hair, that had just a bit of frizz in it, and some streaks of gray.

There things stood until weeks later. I came to Friday night services alone, and stayed to help clean up. Finally, it was just Jane and I, she pushing a broom, and I straightening the last of the chairs and tables, then holding a dust pan to gather up the last of the crumbs and dust bunnies. “I'll take the trash out,” I volunteered, and with that closed up the large plastic garbage bag, and headed out the door. “Do you know where it goes?” “Sure,” I said, as I headed out the door, into the brisk winter air. I felt the sudden drying of the cold as I walked down the hill to the trash cans in the back. I tossed the bag into the bin, and headed back up the hill to my car. There was Jane, just about to get into her green Subaru. “Would you like to come over for a cup of tea?” “Sure,” I said, not thinking twice about the wholly unexpected proposal, “I'll follow you over.”

Jane lived in a small, brick, single family house on a back street. We were greeted at the door by three cats, starved for affection. “Have a seat, and keep 'em company for a minute while I put the water on.” I parked myself on the couch with two very needy short hairs, who wouldn't stop rubbing their chins on my hands. She came out carrying a tray with a plain blue crockery teapot and two cups. “I took the risk that you like lemon herbal tea,” she grinned. “Will that do?” It would do. She swept the cats off the couch with a smile. “They've had enough fun -  it's my turn.” Indeed. We both sipped our tea. It was that very nice Lipton stuff, not sweet, not tart – refreshing. I looked at her over the rim of my cup. She set her cup down, and smiled. “What do you want?” she asked with a sly grin. I grinned back. “I want to see you without the braid.” She hesitated only a moment, then reached behind her head, removed the elastic from the end, and tossed it on the table with one hand, while combing her fingers through the strands with the other. She stood up, and  left the room, her face showing careful concentration as she undid the braid. She was back in a moment, brush in hand, the braid undone, but clumps of hair still visible where the strands had been. She stopped in front of me, the coffee table separating us, brushing the strands into long, dark brown tresses, streaked with gray here and there. When she had finished, she placed the brush on the table, and looked at me for a verdict. I could only nod my approval. “Yes,” I said, standing up, and stepping around the coffee table. Our eyes were locked together. This wasn't in the plan; nothing was. She was so short that she was nearly looking straight up at me. I was, well, how do I describe it – perhaps I was on aimless auto pilot. She raised her eyebrows, questioning. “Shall we go to the bedroom?” I heard it, but just folded her into my arms, gently encircling her, and holding her to me. She came willingly, and I held her, enjoying her body against me, breathing in the scent of her hair. Was this really happening? After a bit, I held her tighter. “Yes, let's go.” I released her, and guided her by the shoulder. Of course, I had no idea where the bedroom was, so I guided her away from the direction where it couldn't be. Hey, it was her house.

The living room was, to put it kindly, not neat and tidy. The bedroom, on the other hand, was immaculate. Whatever the rest of the house might look like, the bedroom appeared to be a perfectly kept refuge. It was mostly pink, with white curtains that had just the slightest hint of pink along their border. There was a small, pale wooden desk, whose top was covered by an uncluttered amount of feminine knick knacks. The wallpaper was an off white, with some sort of flower spaced tastefully about.

She was ahead of me, unbuttoning her blouse. Having known her for a good long time, it seemed strange to see her undressing, but it was something that I had been looking forward to for some time. Halfway through the buttons, she looked up at me without stopping her undressing. Our eyes stayed on each other as I rushed to catch up. When at last I had my underwear off, I sat on the edge of the bed, already hard as a rock, watching her finish. When she got down to her bra and panties, she looked down as she slipped the shoulder straps off, then looked back at me with a question in her eyes, as if asking whether I wanted her to continue. I just smiled. She pulled the rear catch around to the front, and unhooked it, letting the bra drop to the floor. Her body may have been as imperfect as possible, but her breasts did not disappoint. They were in fact the size of apples, standing out remarkably from her chest. He nipples were unusually dark, and they stood out quite rigidly. I was so intrigued by her breasts that I missed the fact that she had removed her underpants until she walked up to me, completely naked. I put my arms around her, rested my head on her breasts for a moment, then took a nipple gently in my mouth. “Oh,” she whispered, then “Oh, oh, oh. Yes, don't stop.” She had put her arms around me, and her hands pressed harder and harder on my back, holding me to her. I breathed in the scent of her breasts again and again, nuzzling first one, then the other, then tonguing each nipple in turn. “Let's go to bed,” I said, reluctantly releasing my grip on her.

Once in bed, I looked at her beside me, my blood feeling like it was boiling. How different she looked without the glasses or the braid. I held her, and our mouths came together, gently for a brief moment, but then hard, mutually needy. We tongued each other, squirming, pressing against each other, I ground my erection against her pubic hair, and she pressing back. I couldn't wait, but I needn't have worried. She was trying her best to pull me on to her, and hook her legs around me. I rolled on top of her, kissing her hard, and pressing our crotches together. “Come inside me,” she whispered hoarsely, as she lifted both legs into the air to grip the sides of my body, and reached down to rub my penis around until it found her vagina. I gently pressed against the wetness, and almost immediately found myself deep inside of her very wet cunt. I wanted to start slowly, but as I moved in her, completely out of control, unable to affect my movements, unable to stop, or even slow down. She was moving under me, pushing up to meet my thrusts. I tried to shift my weight, repositioning myself to help her come, but she would have none of it, as she thrust at me again and again, seemingly with all her might, one leg on either side of me, locking us together. Her breathing was hard and fast. I pulled my head back a bit to look at her. She was oblivious to me, her eyes half closed, concentrating completely on the copulation. She was hyperventilating, her breath rasping out with each of our mutual thrusts. I felt my climax building, then suddenly I was ejaculating inside her, shooting my sperm where I suspect none had been for quite some time, my body slowing as it continued to spasm with my climax. Finally, we slowed to a stop, but I stayed on top of her, pressing myself to remain inside of her. She had opened her eyes, and was staring at me. She finally relaxed her legs, and I slid off her. She continued to stare at me, with just the hint of a smile. I smiled back. “Oh yes,” she said when she finally got her voice back. I nodded, while she reached down and put her hand on her pubic hair, feeling the moisture. Oh yes, I agreed.

We lay there looking at each other. Finally, Can you spend the night? she asked. Yes, I'd like that. My answer brought a mischievous smile to her face. She bent down and began cleaning my penis with her mouth. Since I had just come, it didn't feel overtly sexual, but the pleasure was intense. It felt very intimate.

Perhaps there wasn't an ounce of love in our actions. It was sex, pure sex, an act of passion between two consenting adults, in or near their sixties, and it was very good.

Her attentions to my penis had made me hard again, but I knew my limitations. We lay in bed, with the bright overhead lights still on, not talking, just savoring the moment. Then something switched on in me, and I gently took her hand, caressing her arms, then moving to her shoulders and her breasts. I got up on my knees, and began caressing each breast in turn. She reached out to hold my balls. I tongued her left nipple, gently nibbling it with my teeth. It quickly became hard and erect. I opened my lips, and rubbed my teeth back and forth against a nipple. She had been  making little harsh breathing sounds. Now she began to moan; she moved her left hand down to her vagina, and her right to her other nipple. I tried to move lower. I wanted to eat her in the worse way. No, no! Stay there, she cried, her hips moving up and down as she played with herself. I licked faster and faster, then sucked the entire nipple, and part of her breast into my mouth. I covered my teeth with my lips, then with part of her breast still in my mouth, began tonguing the nipple rapidly. Her hips were still moving rapidly up and down. She began to shudder, and make short, sharp breathing sounds. Oh yes! I love it! I love it!. I LOVE it Her humping stopped; she just shuddered as she continued rubbing her clitoris. Then she was still, staring up at the ceiling, breathing as if she'd just run around the block. That was fantastic! YOU were fantastic. Her voice trailed off as her breathing returned to normal. I lay back with her, staring at the ceiling, smiling at the compliment.
