
Hi friends, I am raj back again to continue my story about how I fucked my brother-in - laws wife meera and her sister kiran.

As I wrote in part 2 of Brother-In-Laws wife-2, meera and self had a very good time the day we reached back from Mumbai. After having fucked each other for so long that day & due to the long journey meera and self went to sleep early. At night we fucked twice again. It was the next day that the fucking session became more thrilling and enjoyable.

Next day meera got up early in the morning to do the house hold chores. I got up after some time and went to the toilet and had a good bath and freshened up. By this time meera had prepared the breakfast and I sat down to have my breakfast . meera also came and stood near me, I pulled her closer and lifted her night shirt up and kissed on her belly button and started licking and kissing her stomach. Meera started moaning aaaahhhhha ooooohhhhhh ` yehi breakfast kahao ga yah plate mein sa bhi kuch lo ga'. I pulled meera on to my lap with her back towards me . I pulled her night pants and shirt off and spread her legs with my legs in between. I picked up the toast of bread and put it on her choot and rubbed it. She was already dripping her juices from her choot and soon the bread was soaked in her juices. I applied some jam on the toast and had a bite. The taste was something I had never tasted before, the cunt juices mixed with jam. We shared the toast and soon we had completed our breakfast. My 7 inches long prick was hard by now and it was fighting to come out of the shorts I was wearing.

Meera got up from my lap, turned around and put her massive boobs in my mouth. I just went crazy and started sucking hard on her nipples. Meera started moaning aaahahahah oooohhhhhhhhh aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh. ` bhaiyaji mat rookna choosta raho mera mama ko aaaahhhhhh.' I kept sucking her boobs and then put my hand on her choot and messaged it. I put my two fingers inside her choot and pushed them hard inside. Meera screamed aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh with desire and started moving her hips back and forth. Suddenly she pulled herself back got down on her knees and pulled my shorts in one jerk. My long hard Laura sprang out . meera immediately put it in her mouth and started sucking my Laura her head moving up and down at very high speed. I put my fingers in her hair and started pushing her head further on my Laura. I felt much exited as she took my 7 inch long Laura almost completely in her mouth and I could feel the head of my Laura touch deep in her throat. She choked on it once or twice but still continued sucking hard. After sucking my Laura for about five minutes she stood up and I joined my legs and she moved forward and sat down holding my Laura and directing it to her wet hot choot. I entered easily because of the juices flowing. Meera gave one hard push and almost half my Laura went in the cunt we both moaned together aaaaahhhhhh oooohhhh eeeehhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh. She gave one more push and my Laura was imbedded in her sizzling hot cunt. She started moving up and down and couldn't stop shouting ` aaaaahhhhhhhh maja aa raha hai mein is Laura ko pura andar laka chodu gi aaaahhhhhhhhhhh aaahhhhhh oooooohhhhhhhhh' . I hugged meera tightly and put her hard nipples in my mouth & suched hard and bit them with my teeth. She could not hold her excitement back and screamed aaaaaaahahahhhhhhh and her body became stiff aaaaaahhhhhhhh `main jhar rahi hooooo aaaaaahhhhhh and she came aaaaaaahhhhh ooooooohhhhhhhh . we hugged each other tightly and she slowly stopped her up down moments. We remained like this for some time with my Laura in her still pulsing choot. After about a minute when she eased I picked her up with her legs wrapped around my waist, my Laura in her choot and I stood up and carried her to the drawing room sofa.

As meera was working in the morning she had forgotten to close the main door of the house which was connected with the drawing room. As I walked into the drawing room carrying meera completely naked with her legs still wrapped around my waist and hugging each other tightly , I froze in the mid way as I saw a tall beautiful young girl in red top and black jeans standing at the main door of the house. She was staring at us with a look of shock on her face. I stood staring at her. Meera felt something was wrong and she also turned her head and saw the girl standing . in a state of shock we all 3 stood frozen for long. Suddenly meera pulled her legs and my Laura pooped out of her coot with a splashing sound of the juices, and she ran to the bedroom. My Laura lost its erecting because of the sudden shock and embarrassment. I also turned around slowly walked to the bedroom with that girl still staring at my back. I entered the bedroom and saw meera looking scared and getting dressed. She told me immediately that the girl was KIRAN her cousin sister. Meera got dressed and went out. I slowly took my time to get dressed and after about half an hour meera called me. I went to the drawing room and saw meera sitting with her cousin with a relaxed look on their faces. Meera introduced me to her cousin. I moved forward and extended my hand and she also offered her hand for a hand shake. The moment I touched her hand a hot wave went through my body and my Laura which was loose till now suddenly became hard in my shorts and immediately it was visible to both the ladies. I felt embarrassed so I quickly sat on the sofa opposite to them and folded my legs. After some talking kiran got up to go to have a wash as she had traveled in the bus and was feeling tired . as soon as she entered the guest room , meera told me that she had told her cousin that meera was not getting full satisfaction from her husband and so we were enjoying till her husband was out of station and after great persuasion her sister agreed not to mention about the incident to any one.

After about half an hour Kiran came out of guest room , her wet hair flowing down her shoulders and she was wearing a deep cut nighty which was up to her knees. She was looking really ravishing and that very moment I decided that I have to fuck this beauty. Kiran came and sat opposite me on the sofa and we started talking. Meera had gone to the kitchen to prepare breakfast for Kiran and we both were alone in drawing room. My eyes were on her massive boobs, the shape of which were clearly visible because of the nighty having got wet in front and it was sticking to her body. My eyes went to her shapely legs and before I could stop myself I blurted out ` u has got really sexy legs'. She met my stare and said ` bhaiya even u have got a sexy body'. I just smiled and said thanks. By then meera also came and we started talking other things. While we were talking Kiran kept staring at me and looking at my nicker where I was finding it hard to hide my erecting as I had not put on my underwear. Kiran gave a mischievous smile and said to meera ` meera, bhaiya to bahut sexy hai tumha bahut maja data honge'. Meera blushed and looked at me. I again couldn't stop myself and said ` you can also join us and have fun'. Kiran replied ` bhaiya, I am still a virgin and no will touch my body till I get married'. I took this as a challenge and decided that by tonight I will fuck this young beauty and break her virginity. After some talking Kiran said that she was going to rest as she was feeling tired of bus journey and went to the guest room and closed her room. My Laura was rock hard as I had not completed my fuck with meera in morning and also had become hornier after seeing Kirans sexy body.

Meera started picking up the plated and cups from the centre table with her back towards me. I couldn't resist the sight of her sexy gand and immediately got up and held her from behind and started pushing my hard Laura in her arse. She straightened and said ` bhaiya please mat karo Kiran fir aa jaya gi'. I just held her boobs tightly and pushed her against me and started kissing her neck. She turned her face and I immediately kissed her on her lips and pushed my tongue in her mouth she started moaning oooooooooooo hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I kept pressing her boobs hard and pushing my Laura in her gand from behind. Meera also started moving her gand and grinding my Laura in the cut of her gand. I moved my hand down and opened the buttons of her pant and put my hand inside and touched her hot choot which was dripping with her juices. She moved her mouth away and loudly started aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ooooohhhhhhh aaaaaeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhh. I put my finger in her choot and started rubbing it and she kept on aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh eeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhh oooooooooooohhhhhhh `hai bhaiya bahut aacha hai ek aur ungli andar dalo aur jor sa karo'. I pushed my two fingers inside and gave a hard push she screamed loudly ` aaaaahhhhhh bhaiya thoda aasta darad hota hai' . I didn't hear anything and pulled my fingers out and again rammed it in again she screamed. In our excitement we had forgotten about Kiran in the next room. Suddenly the guest room door opened and Kiran walked out. This time she was not shocked but instead she had a smile on her face. Meera and self seeing her smile got motivated and we continued our finger fucking and my kissing her neck and back. Kiran came and sat on the sofa in front of us and watched our moments. Meera's pants were already down. With my free hand I pulled her t-shirt up and meera immediately removed it. Meera was completely naked now and Kiran was staring at meera's massive boobs which I was pressing hard with my left hand and my right hand was working hard in her choot. Kiran's breathing was becoming hard watching this scene in front of her and she was pressing her legs tightly.

soon Kiran moved her one hand in between her legs and pressed her choot with it and a moan escaped from her lips oooooohhhhhh. I knew that this was the right time for me to act if I have to fuck this beauty because she was already feeling horny seeing me finger fuck and kiss Meera. I immediately left meera and moved towards Kiran. She was staring at my erecting in my nicker as I approached her with her hand tightly pressed in her choot between her legs. I walked up to her and touched her cheeks with my hands. She closed her eyes and put her head back on the sofa back rest. I leaned forward and put my lips on her lips. Initially she kept her kips tightly shut but I pressed my tongue hard and soon she opened her lips . I pushed my tongue into her mouth and she started moaning oooooohhhhhh aaaaaaaahhhhhh with my mouth on her mouth. I moved my hands down to her boobs and pressed them hard immediately Kiran put her hands behind my back and hugged me tightly. We remained in this position for some time and then I pulled my mouth off her mouth and started kissing her neck and shoulders. And pressing her boobs harder. She kept her sounds on aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh oooooohhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhh oooouuuccchhhh. I moved my hands down and pulled her nighty up she adjusted her body a little and I pulled her nighty off. She was completely naked underneath. I was just amazed to see such a sexy body with perfect curves, 36 D hard breast and flat stomach. I fell on my knees and put the hard boobs in my mouth and started sucking on them wildly. " aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh its great please suck them hard no one has ever touched me earlier I am enjoying it please suck don't stop aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh oooooohhhhhhhhhhh". I kept pulling and sucking her nipples and she was going mad. After some time I left her boobs and moved my mouth down kissing her flat stomach and then her belly button . I put my tongue in her belly button and bit her with my teeth. Kiran screamed with desire and some pain aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh oooooooouuuuuuucccccchhhhhhhhhhhhh. I moved down and opened her legs which were tilled now tightly pressed together. The sight that met my eyes was amazing. Kirans choot was freshly shaved and her juices were flowing out and the sofa was already wet from her juices. I encircled her choot without actually touching it with my fingers. Kiran moaned loudly ooooohhhhhhhhh aaahhhhhhhhhhhhh and said ` please meri choot touch karo please us mein ungli dalo please mujha mat tarpao please.'

I still didn't touch her choot and kept moving my hand around it and on her thighs. She was getting desperate for me to touch her choot. finally she held my hand and pulled it towards her choot but I pulled my hand back and held her thighs and pressed them hard and pushed her legs further apart. Kiran couldn't hold any more and shouted ` bhaan chod meri choot mein kuch to dal mein mari ja rahi ho andar dalwana ka liye, Meera issa bol yeh meri choot ka andar kuch dala please bol isko.' Meera was busy finger fucking her and she said ` bhaiya isa aur mat tarpao dal do aapna mauta Laura iske choot mein aur faar dalo is virgin ki choot'. I looked at Kirans choot and then pushed my mouth on her choot and kissed it hard. Kiran screamed aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ooooohhohoooohhh please karta raho please aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I put my tongue deep in her choot and started licking it . then I put Kirans clitoris in my mouth and started sucking it. Kiran went mad with desire and started jumping on the sofa . I held her gand tightly with her clitoris in my mouth and kept sucking it. She kept screaming oooooohhhhhh aaaahhhh

I kept sucking and licking her choot. Now my Laura was almost on the verge of exploding so I pulled back my mouth and stood up. Kiran got the hint and immediately and she pulled down my nicker and my Laura sprang out . Kiran who had never seen a Laura before was amazed to see the size and thickness of my Laura . I put my hands on her head and pulled her face towards my Laura and pushed my Laura in her mouth. She was not aware what to do so I pushed her head back and forth to give me a blow job. She was a good learner and soon she was able to do it effectively . she left my Laura and put my tattas in her mouth and started sucking them like a chocolate.

The sensation was really great and I started moaning aaahhhhhhhhhh oooooooohhhhhhh. By now Meera who was still standing there finger fucking her came behind me and gave me a tight hug and held my Laura in her hand and started masturbating me. I was in seventh heaven with Kiran sucking my tattas and Meera holding and masturbating my Laura.. I didn't want to cum like this so I stopped both the beauties and told Kiran to come and lie down on the carpet as this was her first fuck and I wanted her to be in a comfortable position to take my long hard Laura in her. She moved down and lay on the carpet. Meera got a cushion and lifted up Kirans gand and kept the cushion under it saying `kiran yeh tere pehli chudhai hai is liya yeh cushion nicha rekh la ta ki raj ka pura Laura tara andar achi tarah chala jai ta ki tujha acha maja aaya ga.' Kiran then suddenly realized that how she is going to take such a big Laura in her small vergin choot and she became afraid and said ` raj yeh itna bara Laura how am I going to take it please I don't want to do it please'. Saying this she started getting up. Meera who was sitting near her immediately held her and pushed her back on the floor and pressed her down and said ` bhaiya jaldi dalo aapna Laura is ki choot mein fir aapna aap thik ho jayagi yeh.' I immediately knelt down and pushed her legs apart and in a kneeling position I kept the head of my long hard Laura at the entrance of Kirans virgin choot and pushed slowly . as the head of my Laura went in her choot she became absolutely still with her eyes staring at me. I gave a hard push and she screamed at top of her voice ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaaaahhhhhhh pls mat karo mein mar gai bahut darad ho raha hai please aaahhhhhhhh. I didn't hear anything what she was saying because the heat in her choot had driven me to such heights that I didn't want to stop and pulled back my Laura a little and again pushed it with full force in her choot. She screamed aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh uuuuuuuuuuu` bhan chod mar gai mat kar bhan chot phar dala ga kya meri choot please mat kar' I again pulled my Laura out and gave a hard push and my Laura went fully in her choot. This time she literally jumped up with pain and started crying and screaming ` naaaaahiiiiiii main mar jaun gi please nikal da aapna Laura please aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh uuuuuu mmmaaaaaaaaaa mein mar gai'. Meera said ` bus ho gaya aab aaur pain nahi ho ga aab sirf maaza hi maaaza ha' I slowly pulled my Laura out a bit and saw blood flowing out on Kirans choot.

I was satisfied that I have been able to fuck another virgin today. The heat from her choot increased because of the blood and I was getting mad and I started humping hard on her and she was screaming aaaaahhhhhhhh oooohhhhhhh aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh please mat karo please'. Her tears were flowing out because of pain but I was so mad fucking a virgin that I didn't stop and kept humping her. After about a minute or so her pain reduced and slowly her cries of pain turned into cries of ecstasy. Now she started moaning with desire `aaaaaahhhhhhhhhh ooooooohhhhhhhh do it jaaan its great I am feeling nice now, fuck me hard, fuck my choot with your big Laura hard, don't stop please.' I kept my humping and soon she said ` aaaaahhhhhhhhh kuch ho raha hai aaaaaahaaaahhhhhhhh and suddenly her body became stiff and she had first orgasm of her life aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh oooooohhhhhhhhhhh . she kept coming and I kept fucking her with increased energy as her choot convulsed with orgasm. Seeing her come I couldn't hold back and I also started coming in her hoot choot down loading loads and loads of semen into her choot. I fell on top of her and we hugged each other tightly and lay in this position panting . After some time I got up and gave a long hot smooch on Kirans lips. She said ` raj it was great I never knew sex was so nice I really enjoyed and this was my first orgasm ever in my life. Meera , aapna bhaiya sa chudwana ka liya bahut bahut thank you'. Meera also looked at our satisfied faces and said ` tum dono na to chood chood ka aapna maja la liya hai par meri choot to abhi bhi garam hai, issa kaun thanda kara ga'. I said ` main hi karu ga bus dus minute aaram karna do fir tumha bhi chood kar thand kar dat hu'.

After that how I fucked both Meera and Kiran for next eight days I will write in my next story. Believe me each and every thing I have written is 100 % true. Any girls , aunties or ladies want to have a good time do write to me on my mail id mac_3933@yahoo.com. I will wait for the mails.