A Walk To Remember
by Mandy C

Melanie and Liz were the two best friends, besides being related.
But they're just Mel and Liz for friends. What people didn't knew
about them, is that they used to make out whenever they would be
alone. They weren't lesbians, just curious about each other. And
they liked to show off when possible.

Today was Saturday, and it seemed to be a beautiful warm summer
day. We were in July, but it had rained yesterday, so the
temperature wasn't as high as usual.

Mel was a very cute 19 years old. Brunette, she had short hair,
about shoulder lenght. Light brown eyes, thin, and very sexy.

Liz was 21, and she was a brunette too, but had dyed some parts
of her hair in blonde. She had brown eyes, was pretty much the
same weight as Mel, but was taller, about 5'6. She wasn't sexier
than Mel but she definetly looked good.

So today was a perfect day to satisfy their exhibitionist
passion. They used to go to a park which was about an hour from
where they lived (they didn't wanted to be recognised) and it
wasn't an ordinary park. There were a lot of trees among some
trails that could go as far as a mile long. Enough to have
minimal privacy while giving out a good show to whoever happened
to see.

Mel and Liz tried to choose the best outfits for the "activity"
they were going to do. Mel ended up wearing a green
schoolgirl-like skirt and a pale blue blouse. They didn't wanted
to go totally exibitionist, so she chose to wear her fave red
thong, and a matching bra.

Liz wore a white tank top with a tight black skirt. Underneath
she had a black bra, and pink knickers.

As they finished dressing, they headed out and drove to the park.
Once there, Liz proposed that they take the longest trail in
order to have only "quality" looks. Mel agreed.

When they got there, some people were doing their morning
jogging, as they sometimes did. All kind of people, young men and
women, older too, and some couples. Exactly what they wanted.
They didn't really knew the whole park but they had known this
particular trail for some time.

When they got to "their" bench, they stood in front of it and saw
into each other's eyes. Mel and Liz were in the mood, and people
watching didn't mattered. They passionatly pressed their lips and
deeply kissed. Mel opened her mouth, and Liz followed, and they
felt their warm tongues, playing with each other's. They explored
mouths until they needed air, and broke their long kiss. A big
smile could be seen in both faces. Like two girlfriends, they
wispered sweet words to their ears. A few joggers passed by and
saw them during their kiss.

Being excited, they kept wispering, but Liz started running her
hand up and down Mel's body. When she reached her breasts, she
squeezed and fondled them. Mel wasn't surprised at all when she
felt her breasts caressed by her sister, but she rather felt the
sensation that Liz was way too excited. She decided that Liz
needed her "fun" much faster than her and took matters to reach
that goal.

She started by also running her hands up and down Liz' body but
concentrated on her long and sexy legs. She couldn't feel
anything else than a smooth skin. At that feeling, she felt like
her sister was still younger, like when they played childish
games together.

While the small action was taking place, Mel decided it was time
for them to sit, and gently brought Liz, on top, with her. As she
did, she had to slightly lift Liz' tight skirt so she could open
her legs enough to be comfortably on top of her. Her pink knickers
could be seen by anyone, from any angle. Of course, they didn't
matter; they were there for such reason.

As Liz sat on her sisters' legs, she undid Mel's blouse buttons.
By doing so, she revealed the red bra that was barely covering
Mel's breasts. Mel had 34C breasts, but liked to wear a tight bra
so that they seemed bigger. By the tightness, you could almost
see her aureolas around her erect nipples. At the sight, Liz
lightly pinched her sister's nipples, and Mel let out a light
moan.

A couple passed by their bench, and simply stared at the two
girls doing their wild thing. They young couple whispered
something at each other in the distance, but avoided any comment
while they were near so they wouldn't disrupt the moment for Mel
and Liz.

As the couple passed, Mel reached Liz' knickers, and gently rubbed
her sister's genitals through the thin material, which was
lightly soaked by vaginal lubrication. At the touch, Mel knew she
had to do it in a way that would be extremely good so she'd get
the favor back.

She slided a finger in her knickers, and directly stimulated the
damp vulva underneath. Mel felt Liz a bit surprised at her move,
but kept going, and rubbed up and down the opening until she felt
her sister was wet enough to slide a finger in her.

As Mel did so, Liz popped Mel's breasts out of her bra and were
now totally showing to someone near them. The blouse still
managed to cover some skin, but it was definetly not enough.
Mel's round and soft breasts felt once more the warm summer
breeze. Liz knew what to do next, and lowered her head to suck on
one of Mel's breasts. While she sucked one, she teased the other
with her free hand. By pinching, and sucking her sister's tits,
she was sure she'd get her treat.

When she felt Mel's finger slide into her womanhood, Liz let out
a soft but good moan. She totally got into it, that she nearly
forgot she was out in full view doing all those things. She
didn't even heard the teen boy that passed near them. His
curiosity was rewarded by a full and nice view of a pair of
breasts, and he knew what the girl on top was getting. He
couldn't control himself and got an instant erection. Mel
couldn't help but notice the young boy's reaction. She managed to
keep going as she hadn't seen him. He must have been about 14 or
15.

At that moment, Mel felt like she needed the same treatment her
sister was getting, so she increased the pace with her fingers,
and vigorously stimulated Liz' clitoris. Liz couldn't hold her
feelings, and couldn't keep sucking Mel's breasts as she felt the
very pleasing fingering she was receiving. Liz started moaning
louder, and had to grip harder to her sister to contain her
body's reaction to such stimulation.

She let herself go and felt the huge rush of energy through her
body, as the climax hit her hard and clear. Her hips were pumping
on her sister's hand, and her breathing was fast paced. Mel
couldn't believe how much fun her sister was having. She hadn't
climaxed in such a way since a long time. She must have been the
right mood she said to herself.

When Liz went back to a close-to-normal state, she smiled and
thanked Mel. She gave her a quick kiss on the lips to show her
appreciation. Mel whispered at her sister's ear something. She
wanted the same, and even a bit more. Liz rapidly accepted, and
got down from her sister, and got on her knees in front of Mel.

She opened Mel's legs, and started kissing her all over her inner
tighs, to tease her. Mel appreciated, but would have prefered a
faster approach to the "right spot". After a couple of minutes,
she asked Mel to stand up. As soon as she did, Liz pulled down
Mel's red thong. Mel sat back, and Liz got off the thong out of
her sister's legs. Although she could feel it, she sniffed the
piece of clothing to feel how excited Mel really was. She felt
that she was ready for a wild time.

Mel asked her sister to get as fast as possible to work, and to
stop the teasing. She had been holding for quite a while now, and
felt the urge to cum too. She didn't had to say more to get her
sister's head in between her legs. She felt a shiver down her
spine when the wet tongue made contact with her hot pussy.

Mel wasn't shy at all, and her breasts still showing, she made no
attempt to hide them. Instead, she played with them, while Liz
was down at work on her hot spot. Liz was licking all around her
sister's hole, and sometimes gave her sister's engorged clit a
kiss. As she did, the same couple came by again in the opposite
direction. The only difference is that this time they stopped in
front of the bench where the two girls were having her fun. The
man was definetly aroused; you could clearly notice his erection
in his shorts.

The man was a young person, probably in his late twenties, as his
girlfriend. He was about 5'8 tall, had brown hair and eyes, was a
bit tanned, and obviously looked in shape. His girlfriend was no
taller than 5'5, and had strawberry blonde hair and green eyes.
She also looked fitted.

They got closer, in fact right beside the bench. They had a great
view, and were in touching range. As they stood by, the blonde
probably got a little naughty too, and bent down to her knees,
pulled his guy's shorts and got out his hard cock. He looked
surprised, but nonetheless excited. Mel also looked surprised to
see them so near and to look at her in such a way. It's what she
had came for, but didn't expected someone to be so close to them.
The blonde stroked his guy a bit and then took it all in her
mouth. He was about 7 inches, so it fitted all in.

You could clearly see that they were having a good time, and it
had been about a minute since she was sucking when he came in her
mouth. She looked satisfied and swallowed his seed. She finished
licking him until he was somehow clean and got his thing back in
his shorts.

At such view, Mel couldn't stand it anymore. When Liz kissed her
clit again, she moaned louder, shook a bit, and simply climaxed
just as hard as her sister had before her. Mel's now sensitive
womanhood didn't wanted any stimulation, so Liz got up to give
her sister a long sweet kiss.

As they kissed, the couple seemed to be leaving, but in fact they
only changed side, and the guy just pulled off his girlfriend's
shorts and knickers, and sat her down besides Mel. He got her legs
up his shoulders and went down on her. Mel and Liz stopped
kissing, and looked at them. The girl noticed their expression,
and smiled to them. She didn't said anything, but you could hear
her fast paced breathing. Obviously she had been waiting for this
since she got by them the first time.

Mel noticed how she was staring at her breasts, and suddently
felt slightly embarrassed by it. She had just came, so she didn't
felt any need for stimulation, but stood up and kept showing off
to her. Liz probably wanted some of that licking, because as soon
as Mel got up, she sat down, lifted her skirt, and took off her
pink pair of knickers. They were soaking wet. She just put them
besides them, and went for a little solo rubbing.

She rapidly rubbed all over her vulva, concentrating near her
clit. Her genitals looked swollen and had a noticeable red
coloration. It looked like she was chasing the orgasm.

The blonde girl was shaking and moaning, and Liz by her rapid
action, seemed to be at the same place. They were going for the
mutual climax. They both started cumming at the same time, with
their unique expressions on their faces, but with equal
satisfaction.

When it was all over, they shyly presented themselves to each
other. The girl was Jessica and was 27, and the cute guy was
named Mark, and was 29. Mel and Liz looked so young besides them.
They never told Jessica and Mark they were sisters, but maybe
they noticed, because both girls looked lightly similar.

None of the girls put back their underwear. Mel just buttoned
back her blouse and arranged her skirt as did Liz. Jessica simply
put back on her shorts. They each took their underwear and put
them in their pocket. They all walked together to their cars, and
went home, but before exchanged phone number, just in case.

THE END