Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues

(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: Sorry if I ruined your sex last night …
Warning: Nothing really of note...well Reno is in here, so I guess there is a little bit of concern.
Disclaimer: Don't own the FF fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Cloud, Tifa, Reno, Rude and Denzel…if only for a short while.
POV: Cloud

INTERRUPTED 

Monday

~not again~

Cloud was so close this time. He had been kissing her and had his hand firmly up her shirt when the phone rang.

Damn that Yuffie for phoning. The kids were in bed and he wanted to play. He had been on the road for a week and was looking forward to being at home. But Tifa was talking with Yuffie about Vincent and it didn't look like she was going to stop talking anytime soon.

Tuesday

"Tifa, I think I'm…"

The horrible sounds of a very sick kid set her running to Denzel's aid.

Cloud sat gasping with his vest undone and a very flushed face, trying to cool down a bit before he went to help.

Wednesday

~damn traffic~

He had been late getting home and she was already sleeping.

Thursday

~damn that Yuffie! She needs to get over Vincent already!~

Friday

"Damn it Reno! Go get drunk at another bar!" Cloud yelled at the pesky redhead who was so drunk that he nearly was falling off the barstool.

"Huh? Why?" the redhead slurred.

"It's three a.m. Get out!" Cloud roared, grabbed Reno's collar, and dragged him off the stool and towards the door.

"Hey! Yo! Easy Cloudo," Reno mumbled as he tried to free himself from the hero's grip. "I'll go! I'll go. Sheesh. Pushy."

Cloud let go of the Turk's collar and he proceeded to brush off imaginary dust.

"Show yourself out," Cloud demanded. He turned to head upstairs. Tifa was waiting.

A hand sharply hit his ass. He turned abruptly to see Reno with his hand in a very inappropriate position.

Reno gave a low scared chuckle. Cloud let his anger get the best of him and his fist connected with the pesky Turk's nose.

Saturday

No kids, they were out with Barret. They had shut off Tifa's phone so they wouldn't have to deal with anymore of Yuffie's nonsense about Vincent. They had the place to themselves and he planned on taking advantage of it.

He wished he had remembered to shut off his phone.

It beeped.

"Ignore it," Cloud insisted. He didn't want to move from holding the woman he had been being denied all week.

But it kept beeping.

Tifa sighed beneath him. "I can't do this with your phone beeping. Take care of it."

He growled as he went over to his phone to see who was phoning him.

~should have known~

The hamster is ridonculous.

OMG! That cat reminds me of Tseng!

PUT A PIN IN IT! HA!

Cloud pressed the power button, ignoring all the other text messages that Reno had been swarming him with. He threw it roughly on the dresser and turned back to the bed. "I will deal with him later and I am going to change my number."

Sunday

Cloud frowned as Rude and Reno walked into the bar. Reno still had a bandage across his nose and he was looking as his feet as he walked in.

Rude nudged Reno who sighed. "Sorry for ruining your sex last night by my constant texts about Bolt." He rolled his eyes and gave a dramatic sigh. "Can I go now?"

Rude nudged the pesky redhead again. "Fine. Fine! And I am sorry for slapping your ass the other night," he mumbled as he looked to Cloud. He looked to Rude. "Is that good enough? Can I go now?"

"I think you should apologize to Tifa too. She's in the back," Cloud said simply.

"What! I have to do it again!" Reno protested. Rude simply grabbed the redhead and dragged –protesting- him to the back room.

Cloud smirked. Tifa would take care of the redhead enough for both of them and the satisfying yells that he was hearing was revenge enough.

Sorry if I ruined your sex last night with my constant text updates about the plot of Bolt.

Cloud just wanted to have some snuggle time with Tifa and he encounters so many different types of cock blockers. Yuffie and Reno….kids… traffic… life…Reno…. Well, he paid the price.