My First Daring Experience
by sexaddict19

My first thrilling exhibitionist story as a teen.

My name is Mikayla and here is my first naughty experience as a teenager, enjoy!
It was the summer of 2016. I'd just got out of school to start off the summer break as I had just finished the eleventh grade. I had experienced masturbating for the first time in previous years and every since that day I had been hooked because it just felt so good and made me feel so free and naughty.
The warm weather had returned for the past couple months, so me and my girlfriends had been dressing quite revealing showing off our young, tight, teen bodies. Which of course drove the boys crazy, and it drove myself crazy knowing all the guys found me and my friends so hot.
It was a real confidence booster as I purposely would wear low cut shirts and really short shorts that would show off my perky boobs and my small round ass. It would constantly make me horny whenever I would go drive around or hang out with friends, knowing that guys were checking me out all the time.
So it had been a week or so since school had finished and my parents were gone away on vacation somewhere for the week. So me and my older sister who was seventeen whose name is Brooke, just a year older than me had the house to ourselves for an entire week.
One afternoon my sister and I were in the backyard tanning our tight bodies out in the sun. She was wearing a small white bikini that showed off her boobs, as they didn't cover a whole lot. She had small bikini bottoms on that showed off her tight ass really well. She had always such a nice body and I learned from her to workout every day to get mine just as nice. I was wearing a bright pink bikini that showed off my curves just as well.
Cupping my boobs just enough so they wouldn't fall out of my top, even though every time I moved it felt like my boobs were going just fall right out. My bottoms too... they cupped my ass just perfect showing off my plump butt cheeks as my bottoms slid between my little ass.
So me and my sister were tanning in the backyard by the pool looking all hot, and it crossed my mind that today might be that day that I could try and live out a fantasy of mine that I've had ever since I started masturbating... and that was to do something really naughty and daring outside. With my sister being with me, it made my upcoming real-life fantasy even more naughty and daring and I couldn’t wait to try!!
So I decided to get up from the lawn chair and slowly walk over to the pool stairs keeping an eye out on my sister who was laying face down with her head turned away from me. I slowly walked down the stairs into the pool, the water felt so good surrounding my tight body as I got shoulder deep in the water. Once I was shoulder deep in the nice warm water, I suddenly got excited and my tits were poking straight out through my bikini top wanting to be freed!
So I slowly untied my bikini top and let it sink to the bottom of the pool. It was the first time I had been topless in my pool and it felt so good having my perky 34c tits surrounded by water! I just chilled in the pool for a while rubbing my boobs making my nipples even harder which started to really turn me on seeing my sister just feet away from me having no idea what I was doing.
Suddenly my sister raised her head to untie her bikini top and she took her top off so she wouldn't get any tan lines. But that wasn't a big deal to me because me and her have seen each other naked, I just never thought she would have her tits out like that while she was outside!
So anyway, she didn't really notice that I was in the pool, so I decided to take things a step further and really get daring. I was really starting to get horny because this whole situation was turning me on so much with the possibility of my sister catching me! So leaving my bikini top at the bottom of the pool, I slowly walked up the stairs and stood out on the patio.
This was the first time I had revealed my boobs out in the open and it was turning me on like crazy. So I decided to slowly pull my bikini bottoms down to my ankles revealing my tight round ass and my little shaved pussy and I was just crazy turned on now. Feeling the warm wind against my naked body, the warm sun and the risk of my sister seeing me was just driving me crazy and I was loving it!!
So I got down on all fours in a little grassy area and reached behind me to start rubbing my now dripping wet pussy, it felt good feeling my wet fingers run through my warm pussy. If my sister were to turn her head and open her eyes she would get a full view of my ass with my fingers rubbing my little pussy just twenty feet away from her!!
I just kept rubbing my pussy, switching back and forth between my perky boobs too. I was in heaven and I was loving every single second of it. After about fifteen minutes of that, I walked my naked tight body back into the pool where I sat on the steps with my boobs out of the water and continued rubbing my pussy underwater as my boobs were exposed to the wind.
Between the warm water on my pussy and the warm wind against my boobs... I was in heaven. After another fifteen minutes of that, I came hard right on the steps.
I swam down to the bottom of the pool to get my top and put my top and bottoms back on and continued to tan without my sister never knowing what I had just done.


2nd Daring Experience

Who knows what's to come?

After I had my first experience, all I could think about was doing it again and again. It gave much such a thrill and made me feel so naughty, I literally could not wait to get out to be daring again. It was a week after my first experience, still enjoying the beginnings of my summer vacation and I thought I would take my adventures out into public to see how I'd like it.
I got my lazy self off the couch and went up into my room to find the cutest/sexiest outfit to wear during my first public adventure-filled day. After trying on a few outfits, I found something that was easy to take on and off and would make me feel sexy at the same time. I slipped on a loose fitting, thin, white spring dress over my naked body. It was low cut at the chest, showing off my boobs and cleavage and it hung down just a couple inches below the bottom of my ass cheeks.
Unfortunately, Brooke, my sister was home so I needed an excuse as to where I was going, so I just told her I was heading out to the mall with a couple of friends and that I was meeting them there and that I'd be back later. I put on some flip-flops and walked outside to get in my car. I'm sure Brooke realized I wasn't wearing any panties or a bra because this dress was pretty thin and it didn't hide much, but regardless, she never said anything to me about it.
The wind blowing against my dress, causing it to push against my bare tits underneath, sent chills down my spine; it was a feeling I had never felt before but I was excited. I got into my car and, well, my plan was to drive around that afternoon and play with myself in my car. I got onto the highway, lifted my dress up over my thighs and began slowly rubbing my cleanly shaved pussy ever so softly, building up my own excitement. I continued to rub myself for what didn't seem to be that long but it actually ended up being thirty minutes by the time I looked at the clock.
After realizing how wet I had gotten, seeing my pussy juice covering my fingers and dripping down onto my leather seat, I got off the highway at the next exit and cleaned my seat for round two! While I was on the side of the road cleaning my seat, I purposely was bending over at the waist so my dress would flip up revealing my tight ass and pussy to people who drove by. I got quite a few honks and little did those people know, I was just a sixteen-year-old girl.
Anyway, I got back into my car and drove back towards my home down the highway, but this time, since I was so turned on, while I was driving I pulled my dress up over my head and tossed it into the back seat. Now I was just sitting there completely naked driving down the highway. It was such a thrill that anyone could drive by, look my way and see me there naked. Drove me wild!
So I just put the cruise control on and started rubbing my already wet pussy, switching back and forth between my perky boobs, moaning as I drove. What really drove me up the wall with excitement was the number of people that drove by and looked at me pleasuring myself. It was such a thrill having them know what I was doing, but yet they couldn't touch me or really do anything about it.
While I was rubbing myself, a car pulled up next to me and a woman was sitting in the passenger seat. I looked over and made direct eye contact with her and her mouth dropped and eyes widened when she realized what I was doing and how young I was. So I took it upon myself to let her know how horny I was by bringing my fingers up to my mouth and licking my pussy juice off them while maintaining eye contact with her.
She seemed to be completely surprised as I pushed my perky, 34C boobs together while rubbing my hard nipples. I gave her a wink and she continued down the highway. I thought to myself what a hot experience this all was and I continued rubbing my naked body as it filled with excitement about which adventure I was going to endure next!
I stayed naked until I pulled in the driveway, at which time I pulled my dress back on over my head and noticed my sister was still sitting on the couch when I walked in.
She asked, "Did you have fun?"
And I said, "Oh yeah, I had a great time!" Little did she know what I had just experienced.
What a fun afternoon!


 