Driving Daddy Insane
by  Leeann  Adams

I didn't originally intend to drive my daddy insane, it just worked
out that way. I have always been secure in the knowledge that my father
loved me, as most fathers do love their daughters. I would snuggle
in his lap as we watched tv. He would give me a horsy back ride to
my bedroom and kiss me good night. I would drift off to sleep with
a smile.

Then it changed, it seemed like overnight but I'm sure it was slower.
I was growing up. One day, shortly after my sixteenth birthday I looked
in the mirror and realized that I was a woman. I had been masturbating
for a while but things were changing. I was looking at men in a new
light, wondering what it would be like. Feeling strange stirrings
inside my body. My breasts, although still quite small, were very
sensitive, especially the nipples.

Yes! Even my own father was not immune to my sexual fantasies. After
all he was only 44 and quite good looking. He worked out daily and
was very fit. In a swim suit he was very imposing. Several things
happened during that time. My older brother caught me spying on him
and made me masturbate him and then took my cherry. So here I am,
no longer a virgin and looking at men. Did I actually go after my
father. No! But things happen when you are a family and live together.
Several things happened that changed my life.

I had gotten a yellow string bikini, one that, instead of pull on
bottoms, had strings that tied in a little bow on each side. Quite
daring but I must admit I looked good in it. I decided to get some
sun, so I went to our backyard pool to stretch out on the deck. My
dad was already there, running the pool vacuum. He had his swim trunks
on as usual when he cleaned the pool. I noticed that his eyes seem
to get a little larger as he watched me walk across the deck.

"Wow Leeann!" he said with a grin. "Like your new suit!" 

I grinned. "Thank you daddy." I replied, not thinking anything except
that it was a compliment. "Would you rub some lotion on my back daddy?"
I ask as I lay down on my stomach.

"Sure baby," he smirked good naturedly. "Never pass up an opportunity
to rub lotion on a beautiful woman.

He knelt down beside me and I reached back and undid the tie to my
top. I heard a slight intake of his breath but didn't think about
it, after all he was my dad. His hands were warm on my back, as he
slathered on the lotion. He is an Attorney, so his hands are very
soft. His hands were all over by back and it felt so nice, especially
when his fingers slid along my ribs and touched the base of my breasts.
I reached back once more and pulled the tiny bows loose, allowing
my ass to be exposed.

"Do the rest of me daddy, please," I whispered.

I heard him gasp as he looked at my exposed ass cheeks. "Oh my god
Leeann," he mumbled. I could feel his hands tremble as they slid the
lotion down over my ass cheeks. What had started very innocently in
my mind was suddenly becoming sexual in my mind. His hands were no
longer shaking, as they slid over my cheeks and down my legs. Things
were happening inside my body. His hands slid up my leg, fingers on
my inner thigh. I couldn't resist a tiny moan, as I opened my legs
a tiny bit, to allow free access. My dad was breathing harder. Suddenly
I felt a slap on my ass!

"That ought to do it baby," he said, in a voice I had never heard
before. It suddenly occurred to me that I had turned my father on.
I twisted my head around and noticed that he had a huge erection,
then he turned and went back to his work. I stared at his back, a
hundred emotions racing through my teenage mind.

Several days later another thing happened that had a profound effect
on our relationship. The rule in our house is that if a door is closed,
one must knock. 
I had taken a shower and wrapped a towel around my body and padded
to my room. For some reason, probably because I didn't know anyone
was home, I left the door open. I stood in the middle of the room,
drying my hair and then just dropped the towel to the floor. Suddenly
I heard a tiny gasp and turned to find my daddy standing in the doorway.
I froze! It was at least 8 feet to my chest of drawers, where my panties
were. It was a couple of long steps to my closet. So, I did nothing!

My father was staring at me wide eyed. "My god Leeann. You are so
beautiful! Uh.... I uh mean.... uh..... I'm sorry.... uh.. the door
was open." He hadn't budged from the doorway, as his eyes swept over
me, then focused on my clean shaven mound. I felt a stirring in my
loins, as I noticed the front of his walking shorts pushing out. Somehow
I knew it was because of me and my body. I didn't quite know how to
handle this situation. My daddy handled it for me.

"I was going out and wondered if pizza would be okay for dinner tonight,
your mother is showing houses tonight and it's just you and me," he
finally said, his eyes still drinking in my nakedness, making me feel
such urges in my tummy.

"Yes daddy," I managed to mumble. "It sounds great."

Without another word he turned and left, leaving me with more thoughts
and urges racing around my mind. Did I secretly desire my father?
Did I want him to touch me? Fuck me? I enjoyed the feeling I got, as
he stared at my nakedness. I was sure that he still thought I was
a virgin and didn't suspect the truth about Joe and me. I touched
my pussy and it felt wet, I couldn't suppress a small moan as my fingers
rubbed across my clit. Here I was, standing in the middle of my room,
finger in my pussy, lusting after my own father.

Later that evening I shared a pizza with my dad, my mother being gone
to show a house. We ate in silence for a while, then he cleared his
throat.
"Uh... I am so sorry for busting in on you baby."

I smiled. "It's totally okay daddy. You have seen me naked a hundred
times."

He grinned back, a little more relaxed about it. "I haven't seen you
naked since you became so damn beautiful."

"Do you really think I am beautiful daddy?" I ask, blushing a little.

He stared at me. "I think your are very beautiful. and the sexiest
girl I have ever known. If you weren't my daughter I would be all
over you. Does that answer your question?"

I had never felt closer to my daddy than at that moment. My mind was
racing. He thinks I'm sexy. If I wasn't his daughter he would want
to fuck me!

I grinned at him across the table."Is that why you got an erection
when you walked in on me daddy?" I teased. "Because I'm sexy?"

He looked shocked. "Oh god Leeann! I am so sorry! That is something
that men can't control when they see a beautiful woman. I am so sorry."

I reached across the table, taking his hand. "I was just teasing daddy.
It made me feel so good that you did. You can see me naked anytime
you want. Whenever you want to. I like it when you say I am sexy."

He stared at me, a tear in his eye. "Really? You really mean that?"
"Yes I do daddy. I love you."

I spent a restless night, thoughts of my father touching me racing
around in my mind. I woke to the late morning sun streaming in the
window. I wandered downstairs, still in my night clothes. I found
my father still at the kitchen table drinking coffee. I leaned over
him and gave him a hug. He turned his head as I did and I was aware
that his face was right at the front of my nightgown, which had fell
open as I leaned over. He was staring directly at my bare breasts,
some 6 inches away. God I was getting horny!

"Good morning daddy," I said. "All alone this morning? Mom gone again?"	

"Yeah, she has a bunch of houses to show today. Just you and me again.
Do you have any plans for today?"

I sipped my orange juice, a thought beginning to take shape. "Well
I thought I might go for a swim," I said, keeping my eyes on my juice
glass. "Because no one is here. I think  I will go skinny dipping."

I felt, rather than saw his head snap up and his hand shook as he
sat his cup down. "Skinny dipping? Can I watch?."

I smiled inside, even though my tummy was all knotted up. "Maybe you
would like to join me daddy?" I didn't know myself if I was asking
or telling him.

My father was staring at me. "Are you serious baby?"

I didn't dare look at him. I focused on my juice glass instead. "Yes
daddy," I whispered. I jumped up and  made my escape, before I could
weaken my resolve. I stopped at the bottom of the stairs and 
without turning I ask. "Will you?" I rushed up the stairs without
waiting for an answer. In my room I stripped off my night clothes,
slipped on a beach robe and, as an after thought grabbed my little
yellow bikini, just in case someone approached the pool. That, of
course, was unlikely, because the pool was secluded.

At the pool I dropped my suit and robe and dove in. The water on my
naked body felt so good. There is no feeling that can compare to swimming
nude. I swam several laps before looking up and discovering that my
father had indeed came. He was in his swim trunks. I watched with
interest as he seemed to fight with his inner demons, then he looked
down and stared at my tiny bikini lying on the deck. He seem to make
up his mind. Shucking his suit down, he freed his cock from it's captivity.
It sprang out, fully erect and my eyes got big, as I saw my daddy's
cock for the first time.

He dove in, coming up about a foot from me. I looked down and saw
that he had not lost his erection. Without even thinking, I reached
down and grasp his huge cock, sliding my fingers up and down it's
length a couple of times, feeling him tense. I let go and splashed
water in his face and swam away. He was immediately after me, grabbing
my thrashing legs, pulling us both to the bottom of the pool. Then
I felt something on my ass cheeks and felt a sharp pain. He had bitten
my ass! I spun around, trying to make my escape. Now he was in between
my legs, mouth seeking my bald pussy. I slipped away.

We played like that for a long time. I would dive under the water
and grab his cock, then try to escape. Finally I could stand it no
longer. I swam over and sprang out of the pool, sitting on the edge
with my legs in the water. My father swam over, in between my legs.
He stared at my tiny cunt for a moment, then leaned forward and licked
it. An electric shock shot through me, as I open my legs and pulled
his head into my aching pussy. He needed no further encouragement.
His tongue probed inside, bringing a moan from my lips. Now it was
flicking across my swollen clit, bring me to a shuddering climax.
I was moaning loudly, as he attacked my teenage cunt like a staving
man. His tongue was everywhere. I felt another orgasm sweeping over
me, as his tongue flicked across my tiny ass hole.

"Oh god daddy,"I screamed. "Yes, yes, oh yes." I was pulling and tugging
at him, trying to get more. I scooted back onto the deck, pulling
at my father. "Fuck me daddy," I pleaded. "I need you inside me daddy."

My father levered himself from the pool and crawled over to my out
stretched legs. His cock was oozing pre-cum and was huge to my lust
filled eyes. I felt my pussy quiver as the huge organ touch it. I
was so large and I was so small. Then it was pushing in, spreading my
pussy lips open. I rotated my pelvis upward and wrapped my legs around
my father's waist. His cock was pushing inside causing ripples of
esctacy to wash over me. My legs squeezed his waist, urging him on.
Now it was half way in and I moaned loudly, feeling the first huge
orgasm wash through my body.

"Oh daddy," I moaned. "Fuck me, fuck my cunt." I was feeling such
an emotion as my father's cock pushed deep inside me. Then he began
long, slow strokes. Nearly coming completely out and then, slowly
sliding in all the way, until I felt his balls slap against my ass.
It was sweet agony. The feeling was unbelievable. I wanted him to
pound his cock into me but he kept it slow, which was driving me insane
with desire. Orgasm after orgasm swept over me, making me cry out
in sexual bliss. Now my daddy was moaning with each slow stroke. Somehow
I knew that he was getting close. I dug my nails into his back as
another huge orgasm shook me.

"Now daddy," I screamed in his ear. "Fuck me hard. Fill me." I felt
him begin to speed up the pace. He was still taking long strokes but
now they were pounding into my hot cunt, shaking my entire body. I
met his every stroke with with thrust of my hips. My nails were raking
his back but neither one of us noticed. My father was crying out with
each stroke, as he pounded into me. Then I felt his cock seem to swell
and huge streams of cum began shooting into me. My body responded
with such an orgasm as I had never felt before. My daddy was crying
out in his climax, as his cock continued to spurt.

My father collapsed on me, moaning loudly. "I have never cum like
that in my life." He groaned

I hugged him to me, feeling such love. I felt his cock beginning to
soften. With a bit of sadness I felt it slip out of my sopping wet
pussy. He rolled off me and we lay, as if dead for a long time. Finally
I reached over and found his hand. Gently I squeezed it.

"I love you daddy," I whispered.

"I love you baby, more than life it's self." Came the answer.
