Chapter 5

Next day, Sunday, Jane and Catherine slept late and didn't get up until 10.00am.  Jane had to get ready for preseason netball practice. Just before noon David came over and asked if Jane and her Mum wanted to come to the beach with him.  It was a beautiful day and he thought it would be nice at the beach.  Jane declined reluctantly because of her netball commitment so David suggested if her Mum would like to go with him.  Catherine didn't think she would but Jane suggested that it would be good to have an afternoon at the beach so she talked her Mum into it.  She also told her Mum to wear that new bikini she had bought last year and which she had hardly worn at all.
Catherine wasn't so sure that she wanted to parade in front of David in her skimpy bikini but Jane insisted so she relented.

Jane left to go to netball and told her Mum she would be back by about 5.00pm. Catherine went into her bedroom to get changed into her bikini.  She wasn't really sure that she wanted to go out with David, her oldest daughter's boy friend and who also had been sexually intimate with her youngest daughter Jane the night before. In one way she was reluctant but in another way it excited her to go out with young handsome hunk of a man who enjoyed sex with both her daughters. She put a T shirt and shorts over her bikini and came into the kitchen where David was waiting. 

Before they left Catherine grabbed a bottle of Suntan cream to protect her skin from the sun.

On the way to the beach David said he thought Swanbourne beach might be the best and quietest place to go.
Catherine exclaimed "Swanbourne? Isn't that the nudist beach? I don't think I want to go nude on the beach."
"It is, but you don't have to take your bikini of if you don't want to. The beach is very nice and it is not as crowded as the others".

When they got there Catherine was surprised that there were a few people there, mostly couples and most in the nude or topless. Quit a few women, some in pairs. She thought that there might have been more single guys perving, but that wasn't the case.
It was pretty hot. She put out her towel and sat down, took of her T shirt and applied some suntan cream to her arm and shoulders.  She asked David to put some on her back.  He had lovely hands and did a good job.  She became a bit more daring and undid her bikini top so that David was able to put lotion on all of her back.  When he finished she also did her front and her boobs.  David looked at her boobs and thought they were beautiful. He knew she was about 36 years old but her tits were firm, not overly large but without any sag.  He could not help but admire her figure.

They went into the water. Catherine had overcome her shyness and went topless.  David on the other hand took his shorts off and went in completely naked.  Catherine tried no to look at him but gave a few sideways glances.

She was not a good swimmer and after 15 minutes decided to leave to water.  After a while David came out too and as she was walking towards her she could help looking at him.  His penis was soft but long and the thought that he had fucked both her daughters with it send shivers through her especially between her legs and she felt her self getting wet and also her nipples stood out very erect.  David noticed her looking at him and her nipples getting hard and her boobs heaving and this made his blood surge with obvious results to his penis, which now became hard.  Catherine looked away and David quickly put a towel around himself, but not before Catherine had seen his very erect hard and long penis. No wonder her daughters enjoyed being fucked by him.

Catherine thought it was getting too hot to stay out in the sun and suggested they go home.  David agreed. Catherine put a towel around her and pushed her wet bikini bottom down her legs under the towel and than put her shorts back on.

It was only 3 o'clock when they got to her place and she invited David in for a cold drink.  She offered him a beer from the fridge and she had a cold lemonade.

After a while David said that he thought she was very beautiful to which Catherine blushed.
He walked around her and put his arms around her and kissed her cheek and than her neck.  She didn't stop him so he kissed her on her lips.  At first Catherine tried to push him away but she soon responded and kissed him back. He then put his hand under her T shirt and stroked her bare back while still kissing her and then put his hand around her front stroking her breast. He felt her nipples harden under his touch and she still gave a little moan. She said:  "Please don't David, I don't think it is right". But he continued stroking her breasts and she didn't push him away, which he took as encouragement.
He than took her hand and led her to the girls bedroom.  He took her in his arms again and kissed her hard. He than lifted her T shirt over her head and sat her down on Mary's bed. He kissed her breasts and licked and sucked her now very hard and erect nipples.  She closed her eyes and felt a mini orgasm building up.  Her breasts were always very sensitive. He now pushed her back on the bed and undid the button and zip of her shorts and pulled them down. Catherine didn't know what came over her but she didn't resist at all. The crutch of her shorts were wet and sticking to her vulva but she lifted her bottom and spread her legs to enable him to get shorts off completely.

He now looked at her completely shaved vulva area with her labia very swollen and juices dripping out of her.  He spread her legs and she lifted her knees and he was now able to see her very wet vagina and a very swollen clit standing out of its hood. He immediately put his mouth on her clit and he only had to give it a little lick when she came "ooohhh god , oohh yes, oooohhhh fuck" while continuing licking and sucking her clit (he had not seen such a large clitoris before) he pushed a finger in her vagina and curling it up he found her special spot.  She was still coming but now the feeling was incredible, she pushed her bottom of the bed and kept moaning loud.  She had not felt like this before since prior to her husband's death. David pulled his finger out and she said; "no, keep doing it". But David quickly stood up, took his shorts off revealing a very long, hard and erect prick with some pre-cum dripping out of it.  He quickly laid on top of her pushing his prick into her very wet cunt. He slowly pushed it in a little and then out again. He continued doing this until he had pushed it right up to the hilt. He laid still for a moment but then he pushed in and out all the way and she could feel it touching her cervix. She had not stopped coming since he first touched her clit and every time he pushed in she lifted her bottom to get his prick as far in as possible.  He kept this up for a remarkable 10 - 15 minutes until he couldn't hold on any more and he came and came with big gushes of his semen being pumped into her.  She had felt him coming and let out a loud wail: "ooohhh fuck, oohh fuck, oohh god". They slowed down and laid together with his prick still inside of her, but after a while it slipped out. They both lay exhausted for at least 10 minutes but he had his arm on her breast fondling the nipples.  
She looked at the clock radio and saw it was only quarter to four; it seemed they had been fucking longer than that.
Whilst he was stroking her tits she found his wet and slippery penis and started stoking it. It did not take long before he was hard again and this time she pushed him back on the bed and set astride on him pushing his prick back into her. She now moved slowly up and down on him enjoying the sensation. He was stroking her breasts with one hand and found her clitoris with the other.  This way it wasn't long before she came again but she didn't stop as she wanted this to last a long time. She kept doing this and she kept coming also using her cunt muscles to squeeze his prick until he also came again and again.
She now moved of him and laid on top of him kissing on the mouth. After a while she said "I think it is time you went home so that I can clean up before Jane comes home".
He reluctantly put his clothes back on, gave her another sexy kiss and left.
She laid back on the bed for little while still feeling the after glow of the best sex she had.  She had only masturbated since her husband died and the little session with Jane was nice but today was incredible.
She stood up and felt her juices mixed with David's semen dripping along the inside of her thighs so she went to the toilet to clean herself up and have a quick shower.
In the shower she felt herself between her legs and noticed her labia still swollen and her clit hard so she couldn't help but give herself another little orgasm before getting out, drying herself of and getting dressed.
Then she went back to Mary's bed and noticed the mess that they had made so she stripped the bed and put the soiled bed linen in the washing machine.  It was now nearly 5 o'clock and as promised Jane walked in right on time. The first thing she noticed when she went into her bedroom was that Mary's bed had been stripped.  Then she found her mother sitting in the kitchen with a blushed face. "Hi Mum, how are you? Did you have a good time?"
"Yes thank you, I had a lovely time"
Jane continued: "By the look of you and Mary's unmade bed I think you must have had a fucking good time."
Catherine didn't respond.
David had fucked her oldest daughter the previous weekend, Her youngest daughter Jane last night and now her today. All within 8 days. She couldn't believe this had happened to her today but she felt wonderful and was dying to tell Jane all about it but wasn't going to volunteer until Jane asked.
It wasn't long before Jane did ask and she had to tell the whole story. "Oh my god Mum, that is wonderful and I am really pleased for you. You are such a sexy woman and deserve a good sex life. Don't wait too long before the next time. I now feel so horny so I am going into my bedroom and use my toy. Feel welcome to join me if you wish."
But Catherine declined. She didn't want to spoil what she felt like right now. So she went to the lounge with the door shut so that she couldn't hear Jane's moaning.
She wandered what Mary in South Africa was up to, but that will be another story.
The end.




