The Contract
by MellowHaze

Lana signs a form revealing everything to James.

James had always been interested in law. As a boy he would look up to the police, lawyers, judges, and anyone else who he felt enforced the law and protected society from anyone who wished to do it harm. This feeling grew as he got older, and eventually led him to pursue a degree in law himself. When he was accepted into the law program at Brown University, it was the best day of his life. This was only topped by the day he met his eventual fiance Lana, a fellow law student, only a few months later.

Lana was beautiful, with long, dark hair that extended to her lower back. Her slim figure looked fantastic in her professional attire and, as James would soon find out, even better out of it. She was about 5'6" and around 120lbs. Her slim waist accentuated her hips and butt and drew attention to her C-cup breasts. She had an air of confidence about her that James found irresistible. From the way she dressed to the way she carried herself, she seemed to be simultaneously both down to earth and completely untouchable. James was almost intimidated by her, but couldn't look away when he first saw her walk into the lecture hall and was somehow rewarded by fate the next week when they were placed in the same group for their first research project.

The other two students in the group might as well have not existed to James. While he acted cool and collected on the outside, he couldn't stop thinking about her and stealing glances. Every so often she'd catch his eye and give him a little smile that would send his heart fluttering. When the project was finally over, it took him completely by surprise when she approached him and asked him out to dinner.

The two talked about their interests, their classes, their families, and anything else that came to mind. James recalled many dates he had been on in the past feeling like an interview for a job. This felt...comfortable. It was almost like they had known each other forever with the way they both were able to share themselves. James thought he might be imagining it, but after their third date showed no signs of that comfort level going away, he decided to go for it and ask her to make it official. There was no hesitation from Lana at all, only an excited smile and a passionate kiss.

The two of them were inseparable. Many people say the spark starts to fade as time goes on, but this wasn't the case for the two of them. In fact, James would argue it only got stronger. They dated all throughout 2 years of dorm life and then another year where they both rented small, off-campus apartments. Before the Fall semester of their senior year, they decided to move in together.

At home their life was amazing. The first few weeks were bliss, but James started to see a bit of a change in Lana as time went on. At first he thought it was just his imagination, but after a month he knew something was wrong. Over the past 3 years there had been no problems. He couldn't think of something that he had done that might have made her upset. Was she losing interest in him? Was there someone else? Lana was still just as passionate in the bedroom as he had ever been, but something was up.

He decided that the best way to approach the issue was to just be direct. They were never known to keep secrets from each other, but something was definitely amiss.

"Lana I think we should talk." He said, trying to be as nonchalant as possible. "Lately I've noticed that you haven't been yourself. You seem almost sad."

"Oh..." She replied. This worried James even more.

"If there's something I did or something I didn't do...or anything I can do...or not do-" He started.

"No no no! It's nothing like that!" She quickly interjected. "It's just that living with you is a little different than what I'm used to."

"How so? I mean I know I don't always keep everything spotless, but I consider myself pretty clean and organized."

"It's not that. It's more on my end." She turned to sit on the couch. James followed her and sat down next to her.

"Like you have to act different with me than you did at home?"

"Yea I suppose. Don't get me wrong I love you and love living with you! There's just certain things I used to do when I was living on my own that you probably wouldn't be comfortable with."

"Lana, you're the best thing that's ever happened to me. I feel more comfortable with you than I do with my own parents. I promise there's nothing you could do or say that would make me love you any less."

"Well it's kind of embarrassing..."

"I promise I won't judge you."

"Ok...so..." She hesitated. "You know when you used to come to my dorm room and when you'd knock it would always be a few minutes before I opened the door, or my roommate would answer and I'd be in the bathroom or something?"

"Yea kind of. I didn't really think anything of it really."

"Or when you used to come up to my apartment last year and I'd always say I'd be just a minute when you called or knocked?"

"I suppose. I guess I just figured you were finishing getting ready or doing your makeup or something."

"And do you remember on our anniversary last year when I invited you over...and made you that cake..."

"And you brought it out to me wearing nothing but a pair of black heels? Yes I remember that vividly." James quickly replied. "That may have been the best night of my life. I could hardly pick my jaw up off the ground. I know we'd both seen each other naked tons of times before that but it was just...wow...you know? I just imagined you making the cake like that. Mixing ingredients, putting it in the oven, adding the frosting, lighting the candles...all in the nude."

"Well that's not entirely false. I never really knew how to tell you...so I guess I just didn't for so long that it became more difficult to. Then when we moved in together it felt weird so I didn't do it, but I just feel more comfortable doing it and I guess it's been affecting my mood or something if you noticed..."

"I'm still not sure I'm following."

"I'm talking about being naked. Like all the time. That's how I usually am at home." His face must have given his shock away. "Oh god you think I'm weird now. This is why I didn't want to tell you. Why I tried to keep it a secret for so long. I didn't want to do anything that would ruin our relationship but now you know and you think I'm a freak and-"

James pulled her into the most passionate kiss he had ever given her. It seemed to last for hours but must have only been about 10 seconds. When they separated, there were tears in Lana's eyes. She could feel the emotion in his kiss as nothing but pure love.

"You mean...it's ok?"

"If you want to be naked all the time? Have you seen yourself in a mirror? You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen and the thought of you being naked...all the time...because you WANT to be? That might be the sexiest thing you've ever said to me."

She wiped the tears from her eyes with the back of her shirt sleeve. "You're just saying that to make me feel like less of a weirdo."

"Honestly. Lana I could look at your body for 100 years and never get tired of seeing it. If that's what makes you comfortable, I would never dream of stopping you." Then James added with a grin. "In fact, I think I'd actually prefer it."

"Really?"

"Yes."

"So if I wanted to do it here?"

"Completely fine."

"Now?" She looked at him questioningly.

James knew he had to say something to make her believe that he wasn't just doing this for her and that he actually loved the idea. "How about this? From now on, you're not only encouraged, but required, to be naked whenever you're in this apartment."

It was Lana's turn to be shocked. "You're serious? I don't know what to say...I mean..." Then her shock faded into a genuine smile. "Yes! Yes yes yes!" She immediately wrapped her arms around him and hugged him tightly.

"So what are you waiting for?" He asked.

For a second Lana was again confused, but quickly realized what he meant. She stood up and started unbuttoning her pants. She was wearing a ripped pair of jeans that clung tightly to her legs and toned butt. After the button was undone, the zipper was next. She looked up at James and they smiled at each other as she pulled both her pants and her panties down in one motion. As she stepped out and rose from the floor, she grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it up over her head, throwing it onto the couch. Without stopping, she reached back and unclasped her bra, letting it slide down her arms and fall on the floor in front of her.

This was when James noticed an immediate change. The problem that had changed her demeanor over the past month had now been solved and once again Lana was herself. This new change was definitely not expected, but he had no complaints whatsoever. After all, Lana was now standing in front of him, completely nude, and would remain that way for the foreseeable future, whenever she was at home. This day couldn't have gotten any better.

"The only issue I'm starting to see with this is..." James said looking down at the noticeable bulge in his pants. "I might not be able to control myself when I see you."

Lana turned to him with a devilish look in her eye. "Why would I want you to control yourself?"

At her clear invitation, James took her by the hips and pulled her in for another kiss. This kiss was almost feral, animalistic in nature. Lana bent down quickly undid James' pants, taking his large cock in her mouth while he traced his fingers across her back, over her shoulders, and down her breasts. He stopped and teased her nipples, to which she let out a moan, muffled by his engulfed length.

After a few minutes of this pleasure, he had to have her. He pulled her up to her feet and backed her into the dining room table. Knowing what he wanted, she sat on the edge and opened her legs to him. James could see the moisture dripping from her sex and had to have her. With one powerful motion, he approached and thrust his engorged member into her. The pleasure of the feeling, and the knowledge that she would be like this from then on, and available to him whenever he pleased, was carnal. He held out as long as he could, but when he felt her shutter and moan out in orgasm, he climaxed himself, pulling out and releasing onto her stomach and tits.

"That was amazing!" She said to him after catching her breath. "It's normally good but that was...GOOD."

"I know what you mean. I think it was knowing that you'd be like this from now on that did it for me. It's so hot I couldn't contain myself." James replied. "I wish I could stay all day with you but I have to get ready for an internship meeting at three. Will you be here all night?"

"I've got no plans today. I'll probably just watch some TV and do some homework. What time will you be back?"

"I shouldn't be later than seven, probably sooner. I guess it depends on how in depth the interview is."

"Ok, well don't be late!"

James showered and got dressed for his interview as Lana jumped in the shower behind him. "I'm headed out!" He yelled to her from the front door as he was about to leave.

Lana was still in the shower but shouted back, "Good luck!"

A few hours later, James had picked up some Chinese food and was headed back home. He was still in disbelief that Lana wanted to be naked all the time at home, but must have been able to hide his distracted thoughts well enough in the interview as the firm he was interviewing with had offered him a paid internship position for the following year.

When he arrived, he almost expected Lana to be fully clothed, like it had all been some sort of dream, but upon opening the door he saw her, completely nude, laying on the couch.

"I thought that maybe earlier today had been a dream." He said to her as he set the food down on the table. "But knowing it's not and thinking that I get to come home to this every day from now on...I couldn't think of anything better!"

She smiled at him and went over to sit at the table. "So what did you get for us?"

"Just the usual. Some general chicken and lo mein." He said as he passed her a napkin and one of the containers of food. She smiled as she removed the lid and smelled the meal.

After the two of them had finished eating, Lana brought up something from their earlier conversation. "You know how you said earlier that you wanted to not only encourage my nudity, but require it here?"

"Yea remember. I think it was just something I said in the heat of the moment without thinking. I'm not going to force you to be naked if you don't want to be or anything."

"Well I couldn't stop thinking about it, and the more I thought about it, the more excited I got...so I decided that I want to make it official." She got up and moved back over to the couch where there was piece of paper laying. She grabbed it and brought it back to the table. "Tell me what you think." She said as she handed him the document.

The first thing noticed was the professionalism of the form. On it it clearly identified Lana as the one agreeing to complete nudity from neck to knees whenever in the apartment. It was broken down into several sections which described, in detail, everything related to the her nudity in the apartment from when she was to strip to when she was allowed to dress. She had obviously put a lot of thought into this. The form stated that she was required to take no more than 3 steps into the apartment before removing all clothing. During this time she was also not permitted to speak until she was nude. After that, it basically said that she would act just like she had for the past month, just without clothes on. She was also only allowed to redress within the same 3 steps of the door and had to leave the apartment immediately upon dressing. It went further in depth to say that she would also not be allowed to cover herself with a blanket, towel, or any other material unless it was in the bedroom (to sleep) or in the bathroom (to dry herself after a shower). The "neck to knees" designation was well thought out as she would still be allowed to wrap her hair in a towel to dry it, and would be allowed to wear slippers around the house.

After a few minutes of reading over the form, he got to the bottom. He saw two signature spots, one for her, and one for...a notary? He looked up at her and asked. "Is this like...legally binding?"

"I wanted it to be official, and since we're both law students and know how to make things like...really official...like...legally speaking...I made sure to do it right." She said looking at him. "So yes, once I sign it and you notarize it, I will legally be required to be nude at all times I'm in the apartment as designated in the form."

James had become a Notary Public the summer after graduating high school. It was a surprisingly easy process and he had almost forgotten about it since he had never used it, but he still had his stamp and could act as a notary for the form Lana had written up. "You really want this?"

"I do."

"I'll get my stamp."

A few minutes later, after rummaging through some boxes in his closet, James returned with his notary stamp. "I'll need to watch you sign the form and then sign it myself and stamp it."

"Ok." Lana said as she grabbed a pen from the kitchen counter.

As James watched her sign the form, he opened his stamp. When she was finished signing and dating her side, she passed him the pen. He looked at her one more time and signed the form. When the date and stamp were also in place he looked up at her and said, "It's now official. You can never wear clothes in this apartment again.
