Exciting Weekend

I just spent some wonderful time dangerously dressed. hubby had a
music industry trade show to attend so i dropped him off on the drive
down to see an art school girlfriend for a couple days. she took care
of our daughter while i drove back up saturday to be with my guy. i
wore a flared denim skirt that i shortened a couple inches myself by
just cutting off the lower hem, and a lightweight knit cotton top,
and high heel sandals. no bra or knickers of course. i could feel the
eyes on me as i walked around with him looking so much like a
musician's girlfriend. lol
in the evening we went to dinner together and then went to the hotel
club to see some live bands. some of them played great dance music so
we got up and danced a while, i could feel the back flipping up
sometimes, and if soomeone saw my ass maybe they would think i wore a
thong. but the lighting wasn't so good for assspotting. lol
we sat back down at a table that was quieter and away from most of
the crowd, and so i sat down facing away from the others but toward
my man. i rested one foot on the table and opened my legs so my
husband could see my pussy easily. i sat like that for probably 20
minutes or more. its exciting to expose myself like that. if anyone
walked by they could've seen an eyeful but unfortunately no one did.
lol
i couldn't wait to go to bed so hubby made his goodbyes and we walked
through the lobby to an elevator to go to our floor. i got lots of
smiles as we walked through. on the elevator the other couple got off
first thankfully because i like doing lewd things on an elevator. i
lift my skirt over my waist and rubbed my ass on the front of his
pants and it had the desired effect! i pulled the skirt off about 10
feet from our door so i stood in the hall naked from the waist down
for about 20 seconds, by the time we got inside i was hot and wet and
ready! we made love and did it again a little later. then again this
morning. we drove back to my girlfriend's to pick up our daughter and
drove home. we just got back home. hubby just parked and unloaded the
car, baby's in bed, and soon i will be too ready for some more
lovemaking!

emily



