ENF Shorts
by josh

Isabelle and the Tree

A group of five kids, Isabelle, Kaitlyn, Summer, Jackson, and Isaac, were playing a game of spud at their local park. They all assigned each a number 1 through 5, and one person was “it” and stood in the center of the other kids. The person who is it calls a number out and throws the ball straight into the air. The person whose number is called must grab the ball and yell “spud!”

Isaac was in the center currently and he prepared to throw the ball in the air.
“FOUR!” he yelled as he threw the ball in the air and sprinted away. Four was Isabelle’s number. She fumbled the ball and had to run extra far back to get it.
“Spud!” she finally yelled. The rest of the kids were quite far and Isabelle only had five steps. She leapt as far as she could for each of her “steps” but she was still so far away.
“Betcha can’t get me!” Isaac taunted. Isaac was standing next to a tree, not quite behind it but close enough that it would be difficult to maneuver the ball through the branches. Isabelle decided to attempt it anyway.

Isabelle threw the ball as hard as she could and it arced through the air almost perfectly. Almost. The ball hit the tree and got stuck up on a branch.
“Aww man!” Isaac yelled.
“You gotta get it,” Summer said as she approached Isabelle with the rest of the kids.
“Fine!”

Isabelle walked over to the tree and began to climb. As she stretched around to pull herself the boys were in awe. Her nice bubble butt was outlined in her jeans and her tight striped yellow t-shirt didn’t do much to hide her fairly large developing breasts.

Isabelle stood up on the tree branch she had climbed onto and began to crawl over to the ball. She grabbed it and tossed it down to her friends. Then she sat on the branch and pushed herself off. A small protruding piece of wood caught onto her belt loop, and she ended up basically falling forward as her pants slipped down. They were tight enough that they pulled her matching striped yellow panties straight off with them. To make things even worse, Isabelle was caught on the tight ankles of her jeans.

The rest of the group erupted in laughter at the sight. Isabelle was now stuck upside down naked from the waist down. The boys got a good look at her untrimmed bush before she covered it up.
“Guys, please help!” Isabelle yelled. Instead, the group pulled out their phones to film.

Isabelle tried to wiggle herself out but ended up just spinning herself around. Now the cameras had a nice view of her exposed ass.
“It looks like a ghost!” Jackson yelled. Isabelle didn’t tan naked so her tan lines were a bright white color.

“HELP!” Isabelle screamed. Just then, she managed to pull off her shoes. She slipped out of her jeans and fell to the ground. Before she could get up, Jackson had grabbed the pants and was sprinting away, whipping the jeans around like a trophy. Now covering her lower half the best she could with just two hands Isabelle began to run after Jackson. Her boobs, which she didn’t cover with a bra, jiggled nicely in her tight shirt.

Isabelle, getting chased and filmed by the rest of the group, followed Jackson to try and retrieve her pants.
“Jackson please!” Jackson just giggled and continued to run.

Before Isabelle could realize what was happening it was too late. Isabelle had been led straight from the wooded area of the park to the playground currently packed by a bunch of her classmates.

They all turned and quickly moved over to the half naked girl. Isabelle tried to turn away and run but she ran into Isaac and the girls.
“Why dontcha give them a show?” Kaitlyn asked. They held Isabelle’s hands in the air. Jackson tossed her pants away and moved to pull Isabelle’s shirt off, now fully exposing her.

Isabelle was bright red and she began to squirm, trying to pull herself away while using her legs to try and cover her bush and slit.
“Guys please stop” she begged.
Isaac instead turned to the crowd.
“Do you want to see them jiggle?” he asked. The crowd cheered.
“Isabelle, we’ll let you go but only if you do 25 good jumping jacks, completely uncovered.”

With no other option Isabelle closed her eyes and did 25 jumping jacks, knowing people were seeing and filming her most private parts jiggling around with each leap.

When she was done the group told her she could go.
“What about my clothes?”
“Sorry, they have them now.”
Looking over Isabelle saw the large group of kids tossing her panties and shirts around to each other.

Isabelle simply had to cover up and endure the walk back to her house, which luckily wasn’t far.


Humilated by little boys

I had been swimming for a little while at my local pool, taking in the way the nice cool water felt on my skin. An escape from the burning sun. I was laying on my back, letting the front of my green floral print bikini soak up the sun. My chest pressed lightly against the top. They were pretty big for my age and I was proud of it. My bottoms wrapped tightly around my most private areas.

I was almost in a dreamlike state as I floated around. I was taken of it suddenly as I felt a grip around my... lower area. Hands. Two of them grabbed the front of my bikini bottoms tightly and pulled without warning. My bottoms scraped across my legs as they flew past my ankles, and right off my feet before I could even react.

I immediately tumbled down underwater. I let my head emerge past the surface as I scanned the area. Nobody seemed to have noticed the pantsing. Nobody, of course, but the boy I saw jumping out of the water with his trophy. He looked like a little boy, maybe 6 or 7.

My face became a deep red as I really realized the situation I was in. I was half naked in a fairly popular public pool with no way out. There had to kids from my school here and if I ran for it I would never hear the end of it.

Just then I heard a voice.
"Hey, naked girl!" a boy yelled from the pool deck, dangling my bottoms on his finger.
"Give me those back!" I said.
"Hmm," he really exaggerated his thinking, putting his finger on his chin, "I don't think so."
"Well, maybe on one condition."
"What?" I was really hoping he wouldn't say what I thought he was going to say.
"Show me your boobies." Damnit.

"I can't do that, not in public" I told him.
"Well then I guess you won't be needing these" he said as he held my bottoms high in the air.
I blushed again. I really hoped no one had seen this little boy taunting me.
"Fine, but just for a second."
"I don't see you in any position to make the rules here" he said.
He was right. I was officially being bossed around like a little kid and I could do nothing about it. He had all the power. He was in charge.

I lifted my top, my fairly large breasts dropping down from their tight confinement with a jiggle. I quickly covered them back up before anyone could see.

"Come on, that wasn't enough. Just another couple seconds" he said.
"Fine."

I once again lifted my top, being a little more careful to not have them bounce around as if that would stop anyone from noticing the girl with her tits out in the pool.

Just as I was about to pull it down I felt two hands grab my tits. I grew bright red again and shrieked as I let go of my top to push the boy off. Just then, the boy with my bottoms took the opportunity to lift my top straight off. The boy who grabbed my boobs hopped out of the pool and they high fived. I submerged everyone but my head. I had to push my breasts down with one arm to stop them from floating to the top.

I grew a deeper red than I ever before. I was more embarrassed then I had ever been in my entire life. I had just been fully stripped in public by two little boys.

I was so enraged that I gave up any sense of embarrassment. I swam right to the edge of the pool and got out. I quickly covered my boobs (well more squished and only covered the nipples) and my slit and I ran after the boys. My ass was out in the open and my tits would not stop bouncing as I chased after the boys.

I ran and ran and ran around the pool and I was about to catch up to them. Then they threw my bikini over the pools fence.
"What the fuck!" I yelled as they ran away. I looked behind me to see a crowd of people filming and laughing at me. I hadn't even been seen naked by a boy yet and now I was going to be all over the internet.

A lifeguard walked up to me.
"We're going to have to ask you to leave. There's no nudity allowed at the pool."

I hung my head low as I pushed past the crowd, walking to the locker rooms as fast as possible. I heard another few laughs ahead of me and looked up to see Madison and Zoe, two bullies from my school, recording and laughing at me.
"Nice tits Maya, didn't think you'd show them off here of all places" she said with another giggle. My face burned red.

I finally reached my bag in the locker rooms and checked my phone to see myself already tagged in a million videos of me running naked around the pool.


Bikini Mishap

This happened when I was probably in 7th grade. I was at the pool with my younger sister (4th-5th grade) and I was deathly afraid of heights. I was wearing a light purple bikini and my sister made me go on the high dive with her (otherwise she was going to get me in trouble by telling our mom I was a bad babysitter). So of course I have to go first and I climb all the way up with her right behind me. I'm shaking like crazy as I get closer and closer to the edge. My sisters behind me calling me a baby and a wimp. Finally as I got close enough to the edge she pushed me off and I flailed forward into a dive. As I dove into the water my bikini bottoms flew right off and started sinking. I couldn't really see underwater because my eyes burned whenever I opened them so I couldn't quite reach them. I guess the lifeguard (who was VERY hot) thought I was drowning because he dove in and picked me up. Without even noticing my lower half he picked me up and tossed me onto the pool deck, much to the delight of my brat sister who was already taking pictures of me half naked. The lifeguard quickly covered me and I explained the situation, but my sister never did delete those pictures. So humiliating!


