The Dancer
by Lady Lucia*

PART FOURTEEN

Zoey wasn’t making it easy.

Since we were right up against each other, the only way down to her waist would be putting my face right into her cleavage on the way down. But what choice did I have? We were running out of time. And, with the way Zoey was sensually holding me close by the sides of my breasts, I couldn’t simply step back to get the job done. Cringing at how it was going to look for the audience who all were under the impression that I liked girls, I placed my hands on the young blonde’s hips and began lowering myself along with her shorts.

Sure enough, she decided to ‘help.’ Abandoning my boobs in order to guide me along, Zoey pulled my head forward and simultaneously jutted out her chest. Now that she was just in a bra, I ended up buried in her cleavage and blushing up a storm until she loosened her grip. I’m sure it was hot for the boys who enjoyed watching two girls doing such things, but it didn’t do anything for me. And, instead of squirming in discomfort, I had to do the counterintuitive thing and keep the show going. Slightly rolling my hips and making a show of grazing my lips against the exposed part of her breasts, I continued doing whatever it took to lean into the nightmare these girls had concocted for me. Anything to rip off the bandaid and get the whole thing over and done with.

I bent at the hips and quickly yet smoothly pulled Zoey’s tight jean shorts all the way down her legs. Not only was there barely a minute left until midnight, but I knew that any hesitation on my end would potentially land my face in her crotch. From the way my thong rode up a little, I knew that everyone behind me once again had a perfect view of my practically bare ass as I bent over, but did it even matter? Everyone had seen enough of me throughout the evening that another promiscuous pose wouldn’t make a huge difference. Once the shorts were pooled at Zoey’s ankles, I stood back up in a less than sexy way in the name of speed. Meanwhile, she kicked the shorts off her feet, clearly not as concerned as I was about whether or not they would disappear in the crowd.

“Now grind me. And feel me up!” Zoey practically ordered. She winked at me, and kept her voice low enough that only I would hear it over the pounding music. Before I could utter a single word of protest, she swiveled on her heel and backed up, pushing her ass up against me. I almost lost my balance, but managed to grab her hips more on reflex than anything else. Belatedly remembering that this was a performance, I pushed a confident smile back on my face as I reluctantly grinded left and right with the lingerie clad girl. Not playing along could result in my clothes being kept from me, as Zoey could easily sway her older sister. So I sucked it up and went for it. Letting my hands drift up her bare midriff, I cupped the sides of her boobs and hoped that would be enough.

Obviously, it wasn’t.

Zoey took my hands in her own. She guided me until I was fully holding her breasts, then pressed me down for a squeeze. My palms were mostly just on her bra cups, but my fingers ended up sinking into the bare curves above. “Like you mean it, Bella!” And then she let go, dropping her hands to roam my thighs as she danced against me. This time, I didn’t have the excuse that she was leading me. Swallowing my pride, if there was even any left at this point, I gave a hard squeeze to Zoey’s boobs. And, as I tried to stay in the moment with my dancing, I continued to grope her over the bra. It was hard not to notice some of the guys in the room appreciating the latest turn of events, while the girls in my view seemed either amused or judgmental. At Zoey’s directive, I leaned forward and sank a deep kiss into her neck when she offered it to me.

“Switch,” Zoey whispered a few seconds later. I don’t know why she bothered telling me, since she just began leading the maneuver herself. Pivoting while brushing my hands off her chest, the blonde slid past me on the table-stage. The way she bumped me almost caused me to fall off, until she grabbed my hips from behind to save me from the lack of balance she had caused in the first place.

Before I knew it, she was pulling me into her. I tried to keep my expression the same as I had been doing all night, though keeping a sultry smirk was difficult when I was screaming on the inside. This was not like me. At ALL. And yet here I was, acting like a lesbian slut with Autumn’s eighteen year old sister. Hardly thinking twice about it, I began grinding my ass against Zoey, keeping with Katy Perry’s beat. Just like I had done with her, Zoey glided her hands up from my hips and reached her hands around to grab my boobs. And I let her. Unlike my reluctant approach, the blonde dance-embracing me from behind didn’t bother with sideboob. She went right for it, grasping my breasts with a much harder opening squeeze than I had given her.

My lips parted in shock, which I could only imagine looked like something a lot more damning to everyone watching. She was- Zoey was . . . Before I could come to terms with how experienced and effective her touch was, the girl yanked out all of the cash from both halves of the bra with one hand, and used her other hand to give another assertive squeeze over one of the cups, this time pushing in with her thumb to tweak my nipple through the fabric.

“Thirty seconds!” a male voice yelled, to a cheer from the rest of the room.


