The Happy Headmistress

By Tommy

Part 2

"So where's Elizabeth now?" asked Joyce Turner in exasperation.

Marjorie shook her head.  Usually the Headmistress joined them
for a drink after dinner in the evening.

"Still talking to someone on the phone when I last saw her" she
replied.

Joyce sighed.  A tall angular woman, her thin figure and straight
black hair were in stark contrast to Marjorie's slightly plump
shape and curly brown hair.  She drained her glass.

"Probably Joan, her sister.  I heard she'd like to organise
another get together for you, me and Elizabeth at half term.  You
know she likes to discuss the next intake of boys"

Marjorie grinned.  "Oh that's fantastic news!"  She blushed.

The visits to the private school run by Elizabeth's sister were
organised twice a year and both Marjorie and Joyce looked forward
to them far more than they'd admit to the other staff.

"Er, I suppose she'd like to see some of the boys as well.  She
usually takes about three from us every year, doesn't she?"

Joyce nodded.  "She took four last time.  I think she wants the
same number this year."

For a few seconds, her eyes closed as she recalled the last
visit, the tingling between her legs growing stronger.   Joan was
quite picky about accepting new pupils and always went to great
lengths to ensure that the potential candidates measured up to
her expectations.

"She really is the most perfect host, isn't she?" remarked
Marjorie, seeing the look on her friend's face.  "I love the way
she makes a different boy look after us every day, remember?"

"Oh yes!"  Joyce blushed.  She licked her lips.  "Such a nice
gesture."

Their 'personal valets' as they were called were quite simply
boys chosen by the headmistress to help her guests during their
stay.  Aged between twelve and eighteen, they had orders to
remain with the ladies every hour of the day and night, attending
to their every need.

Marjorie nodded.   "They do grow so fast, don't they!  I was
amazed when I saw how the boys from our school had changed.  I
remember most of them when they were tiny seven year olds here!"

"Yes.  I do like the way she organises those line-ups so we can
examine them in detail" said Joyce.    "The boys don't seem
embarrassed in the slightest.  She certainly has them well
trained."

Marjorie giggled.  "Remember when she asked us to help her check
that the older boys had been shaving properly?" she asked.  "I
must say that it's an excellent idea not to allow any pubic hair
while they're at the school.  Much cleaner!"

"Hmm, I remember that!"  Joyce said nostalgically.  "So funny
some of the positions they had to adopt so we could examine them
properly.  Oh, and the way that they all had erections as soon as
we started checking them!   Some of those boys were enormous!"

"Well, it did make it easier to check that there no hairs on
their penises" said Marjorie.   "Joan was very strict about that.
 Even one little hair earned the boy a hard caning.  Then he had
to be shaved by a teacher for the next month.  Now that must be
embarrassing!  I think that was one of the few times when the
boys were actually allowed to have erections."  She sighed with
pleasure.  "Remember the arousal tests?"

Joyce nodded and giggled.  "Gosh, yes.  How could I forget?"  She
shifted slightly.  The tingling was so strong!   "We have one
minute to try and elicit an erection, and the boy has to resist.
From what I remember, we did quite well.   I mean it's just a
matter of finding their 'sensitive' spot isn't it.  I remember
one boy who managed for almost the full minute.  I think he had
just ten seconds to go when I tried stroking the sides of his
testicles and his penis shot up like a rocket!"  She laughed. 
"Boys who had only partial erections had to take a cold shower.
He got six hard strokes of the cane, and a dose of the martinet
on his naughty privates!"

"You know that Elizabeth is thinking of introducing arousal tests
here, well, at least for the boys in the final year?" said
Marjorie.   "I think it's a good idea.  The boys have to learn
self-control!"

Joyce thought for a few seconds.  "Yes, good idea.  Perhaps not
for all the boys, but certainly for those we want to send to
Joan."  She frowned.  "How many do we have this year?"

"Oh don't worry Joyce" said Marjorie, smiling.  "Four boys in the
final year and there's plenty in the pipeline."  She laughed.  
"I was with young Paul earlier.  He's definitely down as a
possible candidate."

"Hmm, I know.  It is pretty obvious, isn't it!"

They laughed and Marjorie poured them both another glass of
Cointreau - their favourite tipple.

"I decided to let him watch when I spank Craig tonight" she said.
"Craig tripped him over in the playground.  Should be
interesting.  A chance to investigate further. I told him I'll
have to make his bottom red so Craig doesn't suspect anything. "

Joyce nodded.   She understood immediately.  "Yes, I know all
about Paul.  He gets erections so easily, doesn't he!  I
sometimes feel a bit sorry for him, getting caught by Benson so
often.  She's as crazy as a march hare, that woman!"

The description of the elderly Mrs Benson made Marjorie laugh.

"I know, I know.  She's far to stupid to see what it is that
makes him hard, either" Marjorie said, wiping her eyes.  "It's so
obvious that he likes looking at other boys, especially if
they've got sore bums!"

It was Joyce's turn to laugh.  "Yes, not difficult to hide, is
it!"  She paused, an evil grin on her face.   "You know Marge,
I've just had an idea.  There's a boy in the year above,
Benjamin, who's very close to Paul.  You must have noticed,
surely!"

Marjorie nodded.  Yes, Benjamin was another on their list of
possible candidates. A large boy, rather like Craig, though with
a very different character!   A very quiet boy, she'd seen him
many times playing with Paul, usually on their own, away from the
others.

"Well" continued Joyce, "There's definitely something between
them."

Marjorie didn't ask any questions.  Over the years they'd both
learned to trust each others judgement implicitly.

"I know what you're going to suggest" said Marjorie, grinning. 
"Get him and Paul together tonight and see if I can push them
along a little further!"

Joyce nodded.  "Exactly.  I'll get Benjamin to come to your
office five minutes after Craig.  Shouldn't be difficult to think
of a reason."

"Sounds great!" said Marjorie, finishing her drink in one gulp. 
"It would be great if we could get them both accepted to Joan's
school.  You know how she enjoys watching the boys having fun!"

------------

Come on, come on! Towels back on their hooks, Outside and pyjamas
on! Right, you next! In the shower. Don't look like that Jeffrey,
it's not that hot! Quickly Daniel! I don't want to stand here all
evening!"

Mrs Benson stood near the door of the large shower room, herding
boys in and out, occasionally stopping one or two to check behind
their ears... and a few other places.

A 'controlled pandemonium' was how some teachers described the
scene.

She glanced behind her and sighed at the sight of another ten
naked little boys waiting their turn. Thankfully, she wasn't on
dormitory duty tonight. She checked her watch. Another twenty
minutes and she could escape to the comfort of her own small
rooms and a large bottle of gin!

"Quickly Paul!" She glanced at the cheeky faced boy drying his
hair. "Oh, Miss Stenton wants to see you. Better run along!"

She grinned as he ran past her to his dormitory for his pyjamas.
Yes, young Paul would be going to bed with a sore bottom, she had
no doubt about that. Wonder what he'd done this time.

Paul slowed for a second at the door and looked at the boys lined
up waiting to come in. He saw Craig prodding the boy in front of
him. What a nasty bully! Never mind. Miss Stenton would sort him
out! At the back of the queue he saw Benjamin, his best friend.
He winked. He'd already told Benjamin about what Miss Stenton had
proposed and the two had joked about nothing else during supper.

Benjamin smiled and winked back. Paul shivered. They'd shared so
many secrets over the years and he knew what was going through
Benjamin's mind. What a shame his friend couldn't watch with him.
Never mind. They'd have a long talk tomorrow at playtime and he'd
tell Benjamin all about it. He knew the effect it would have! It
was so funny when Benjamin's thing went hard! The strange thing
was, Benjamin didn't seem embarrassed at all. He even liked
having it felt under his shorts! Of course they had to be careful
nobody saw. That would be a disaster!

Benjamin blushed and averted his eyes. Lucky Paul! He remembered
their hushed conversation at dinner. Gosh, his willy had gone
hard straight away when Paul told him about what Miss Stenton had
said. Oh yes, and Paul had known what would happen. As in so many
times before, it had only taken a few seconds before Paul's hand
had disappeared under the table to give Benjamin's stiff willy a
squeeze. Benjamin had giggled and waited a few minutes before
doing the same to Paul.

Mrs Benson yawned and cast her eye over the wet laughing
schoolboys milling around. At least a third of the boys had marks
on their bottoms, ranging from light red patches indicating a
recent spanking all the way to vivid lines of red and dark
bruised skin, proof of a particularly hard caning in the
Headmistress' office.

She grunted. Should be more than a third! Firm discipline, that's
what they needed! Dirty little things!

"Wait!"

The tall, thin nine year old about to skip out of the door felt
Mrs Benson's hand on his shoulder and stopped. Saun felt his ears
examined and the customary intake of breath that always followed
whether they were spotless or not. He held his breath. Not there,
please! He hated it when she...

"Bend over!"

Mrs Benson surveyed the small bottom sticking up in the air and
parted the buttocks, squinting to examine the boy's small
puckered anus for a few seconds.

Not to be found in any of the school rules, personal hygiene was
nevertheless taken extremely seriously and frequent spot checks
were mandatory.

"Okay, up!"

Sean stood, his face already red at what he knew would follow. He
didn't have to wait long. What they were expected to wash and
how, had been explained to them in their first days at the
school, with most boys receiving rather painful reminders when
required.

Large rough fingers gripped the tip of his small penis and he
winced as they slowly pushed the tight foreskin back over the
glans. Not that it was overly tight of course. The monthly
medical checks saw to that!

"This hasn't seen a drop of water!" barked Mrs Benson angrily.

Sean felt his penis released, but relief was short lived as his
two small testicles were suddenly clasped in an iron like grip.

"So what's it to be Saun?" asked Mrs Benson, a glint in her eye.
"A visit from Mr Whippy or a visit to the Headmistress?"

Sean bit his lip, trying not to cry. He'd chanced it and lost!
Why had he been so stupid?

"M..Mr Whippy please, Mrs Benson" he replied meekly.

"Good. Thirty minutes!"

She watched the boy run off and chuckled. It would be Sean's
second time. How the boys hated her little 'Mr Whippy'. Her
preliminary short talk on the importance of hygiene was
embarrassing enough for the boys, especially when her fingers
started pinching and prodding the parts in question, but it was
her small home made martinet 'Mr Whippy' as she called it, that
they hated the most. Ten thin cords tied onto a short handle,
perfect for getting the message across. It had been Joyce who'd
given her the idea. She'd even recommended the position to use:
on their backs, gripping their legs well apart and over their
head. How they squealed when the cords reached those 'hidden'
places! But she knew that although exquisitely embarrassing for
the boy, the pain would be relatively mild compared to what
they'd receive from Miss Hadley!

Mrs Benson chuckled. Her evening was going to get off to a good
start!

Her eye fell on Trevor, a small eight year old in the corner of
the room. As usual, she allowed two boys per shower cubicle and
Trevor was with Simon, a boy in his own class.

She licked her lips evilly. The filthy little boy!

"Trevor, come here!"

The shower room echoed with her voice. Some boys looked round.
Others, used to her routine, barely noticed.

The scared little boy stepped out and walked slowly across the
white tiled floor. He saw where her eyes were pointing and
groaned. He hadn't even realised his thing was sticking up! He
couldn't help it. It just did that sometimes. Please, not now!
Why him?

Mrs Benson, either ignorant of, or ignoring the effect of
temperature changes, full bladders and a variety of other stimuli
on a boy's vascular system, stared at the diminutive child and
folded her arms.

"When you've finished your cold shower, young man" she said,
indicating to Simon to vacate the cubicle, "you and I can have a
little chat in my office." She saw the fear in his eyes and
smiled. How she enjoyed terrifying the little ones!

"Then I'm sure you'll want to visit the Headmistress tomorrow to
explain your behaviour. I'm sure that Miss Hadley will get her
message across far better than I ever could!

Trevor made his way back to the shower, tears already streaming
down his face. Despite his young age, he'd already learned the
hard way that it was useless to argue with Mrs Benson. It merely
made the episode in her office even more unpleasant, not to
mention what she might say to Miss Hadley in the letter that he
knew he'd be taking her tomorrow. He knew exactly what Miss
Hadley would do, and his bottom twitched. The last visit had been
excruciating!

Even before the cold water hit his skin, the cause of Mrs
Benson's wrath was already a fraction of its former size, hanging
its little head sadly between his thighs.

The teacher in question surveyed his tears with no emotion
whatsoever, apart from a feeling of pleasure that her evening
would be further livened up by yet another pair of small buttocks
to redden before she retired for the night.

------------

Paul pulled his thin pyjama trousers up more and checked that the
top was buttoned correctly. He knocked quietly at the door.

"Come!"

Her office was large and tastefully decorated with very much an
old worldly charm. Dimly lit, it resembled more a small living
room or comfortable study, with a huge bookcase dominating one
wall and grandfather clock ticking in the corner.

Miss Stenton was sitting at her large mahogany desk, reading.
Paul looked around him. He knew this room well, having had reason
to visit it at least once a month. The large chair in front of
her desk - the spanking chair as it was called by the boys- and
the long sofa against the wall. On at least half the times he'd
had to visit her office, there had been another teacher sat
there, usually Miss Turner.

Next to the sofa stood a tall wardrobe, the middle shelf of
which, as all the boys knew, held a collection of implements
which Miss Stenton often used during the spankings when she felt
the palm of her hand was insufficient.

"Pyjamas off, face the wall!" said Miss Stenton, without even
looking up.

Paul swallowed nervously. She had said it would be pretend,
hadn't she?

He walked gingerly over the soft axminster carpet and removed his
top, folding it neatly before placing it on the long coffee table
in front of the sofa.

Miss Stenton's habits were well known by the boys. Although, when
in a hurry, she occasionally spanked boys with just their pyjama
trousers pulled down, most of the time she insisted on everything
being removed, followed by a short period of waiting.

His thin cotton trousers followed and even his slippers, which he
placed carefully next to one of the table legs.

Marjorie looked up and smiled at the sight of the nude little boy
facing the wall, hands on his head.

She stood up and walked round to the other chair.

"Come on then!"

Paul tuned and trotted over, an embarrassed grin on his face. Her
tone had been friendly!

"Well then, I think Master Craig will be here in a few minutes,
so maybe we should get you ready, hmm?"

She held his hands in hers and winked.

"Oh, and I almost forgot. Benjamin should be here soon as well."

She pretended not to notice his look of surprise.

"I talked to Miss Turner and she thought that Benjamin might like
to join our little group as well."

She frowned. "Isn't Benjamin a friend of yours?"

"Yes miss. My best friend!" answered Paul, his eyes shining.
"Will he be allowed to watch as well?"

"That depends when he finishes his shower, I suppose." She pursed
her lips. "It also depends on how long I spank Craig. I think he
deserves a very long, hard spanking, don't you?"

Paul nodded. "Oh yes miss!"

Marjorie stopped herself from laughing and tried to look serious.
Looking down for a second, she saw Paul's small penis had already
risen slightly and was slowly lengthening.

"Well, let's get that bottom red, shall we?" she said, easing the
boy slowly across her lap. "That was the plan, wasn't it. That
way, Craig will think you've been punished as well."

Paul felt himself moved further across Miss Stenton's knees and
wriggled slightly to get comfortable. He's been in the same
position so many times before! The teacher's dress was so soft.

As usual he felt her finger creep between his thighs and prod the
back of his little sack. He saw nothing wrong with this, and most
teachers did exactly the same, simply checking that the spanking
wouldn't hurt his privates. It always tickled a bit but did feel
quite nice!.

Miss Stentons finger seemed to stay a lot longer than usual.

"Ready?"

Paul lay still and waited for the first slap. His young brain
wasn't sure what to make of her plan to ensure that his bottom
looked well spanked. But, he reasoned, she must know all about
these things. After all, she was a teacher!

He shut his eyes. Mrs Stenton's hand was sliding up and down his
back and over his bottom. So nice. Occasionally a finger ran down
his crack and made him shiver.

The slaps started so gently, he almost missed the first one.
After every fifth or sixth, her hand rubbed his skin. He felt her
finger stroke the back of his little sack and sighed with
contentment. If only every spanking could be like this! Mrs
Stenton was such a nice lady!

Marjorie looked down at the two rosy buttocks and grinned. The
boy had hardly noticed that the slaps were getting harder. She
parted his buttocks and ran her fingernail over his small
puckered anus, enjoying the way it reacted, as though desperate
for more.

"Okay Paul, they're going to get harder now. We have to make sure
that Craig believes you've just been punished, don't we. But I
know you're used to having your bottom spanked, so I'm sure they
won't hurt."

The slaps reverberated around the room. Paul gripped the legs of
the chair. Yes, they were..oww!.. harder, but... oww!.... of
course..oww!....not like a real spanking...oww!... were they?

"Are you okay Paul?" asked Marjorie. She teased his anus again
and slid her hand between his thighs to tickle his tight little
scrotum.

"I... I...oh...yes miss."

"Oh good. Just a bit longer. After all, it's not a real spanking,
is it!"

Paul swallowed and tried not to show how painful it really felt.
But...? It wasn't a real spanking, so it couldn't hurt much,
could it? Just pretend. He felt ashamed of himself. Don't be a
baby Paul! Miss Stenton is being so nice to you.

About another six slaps had helped turn Paul's buttocks a bright
red when there was a knock at the door.

"Okay Paul, up you get."

Marjorie stood the lad up and smiled. Paul looked at her, his
face a mixture of embarrassment and adoration. She bit her lip,
trying not to laugh. His penis was sticking up at an acute angle,
pointing right at her.

"Quickly, over to the wall. When I start punishing Craig, you may
turn round and watch, but not before!"

She waited for the lad to get his hands on his head.

"Come in!"

Craig entered the room, clearly nervous, but with none of the
fear that boys generally displayed when arriving for punishment.
Slightly overweight, Craig was big for his ten years, and knew
it.

Marjorie surveyed the fair haired boy and smiled.

"Hello Craig. Come here please."

The boy looked around him and saw Paul standing against the wall,
his red posterior making it clear to all who entered, what had
just happened. His eyes narrowed. Had Paul been shooting his
mouth off about what he'd done in the playground. If he had,
then..... He saw Paul's sore bum. No, Paul couldn't have said
anything. Didn't make sense.

"Craig, I have been informed today that you've been up to your
old tricks again." She took his hands in hers and looked at him
sadly.

"I don't want to know the details, but you have to understand
just how much we dislike bullying in this school. Do you
understand?"

The boy nodded. "Yes miss."

Craig knew what was coming. As Miss Stenton spoke, her fingers
were already undoing the buttons on his pyjama top.

"You should watch what you eat, young man" she said, poking his
tummy. "You're getting fat!"

Marjorie took hold of the elasticated waistband and slowly eased
the boy's pyjama trousers down. She shook her head. Craig's
bottom was so big! She really had to have a word with the others
about his diet.

"You've already been punished for bullying a few times this term
and yet here you are again."

Craig looked at the floor. He just wanted to get it over with. A
tough boy, he looked upon his many spankings as an occupational
hazard. Of course, there was the visit to the Headmistress to
come. He swallowed. No doubt she'd use one of her thicker canes
on him tomorrow. Oh gosh, that was really going to hurt! But...
He imagined the looks from the other boys tomorrow evening when
they saw the stripes. After all, he had his reputation to think
of!

"Of course, this is nothing to what you've got coming to you
tomorrow" said Marjorie, reading his mind. "You know what the
Headmistress thinks about bullying!"

She looked down and smiled at the sight of his small penis
hanging forlornly between his legs. Why did the fat ones always
have such tiny penises?

At her command, Craig lay over her lap and gripped the chair
legs. Hopefully she'd just give him the usual spanking for a
minute or so and he could get back to the dormitory. He knew it
was only a matter of time before his friends discovered the
snacks he'd hidden under his pillow and he had to get back
before...

Slap...Slap...Slap!

Marjorie patted the boy's large wobbly bottom and licked her
lips. She saw Paul turn round and winked at him.

Slap..slap...slap..slap..slap!

A knock at the door.

"Come!"

Benjamin entered looking distinctly nervous. A well behaved and
shy boy, he managed to keep out of trouble more than most boys,
and hadn't been in Miss Stenton's office for at least two months.
Even that visit, as he recalled too well, had not really been his
fault. It had been the others in the dormitory making all that
noise, not him!

"Pyjamas off, stand next to Paul!" ordered Marjorie curtly. "I'll
deal with you later."

She saw Paul grinning at his friend. Poor Benjamin looked totally
confused!

Craig tried to see who had come in, but was unable to turn his
head far enough.

The slaps continued, turning Craig's buttocks a nice pink colour.
She knew very well that the boy regarded this as a minor
inconvenience rather than a real punishment. After all, he'd been
thrashed so many times, his pain threshold was higher than most
boys.

She watched Benjamin remove his pyjamas and chuckled. For a boy
who wasn't quite eleven years old, Benjamin was remarkably well
endowed! Though not as thick as it would be in two or three
years, the boy's penis was easily twice the length of Paul's.

The slaps stopped. Craig sighed. That had been fast. Yes, his bum
felt a bit sore, but then, he was used to it. He waited for the
order to stand.

"Paul, bring me the strap from the cupboard please. My hand is
really not hard enough to get the message through. Quickly boy!"

Craig groaned. It wasn't over! Still, even Miss Stenton's small
strap was nothing compared to what he'd be getting tomorrow! He
certainly wasn't going to cry! That would be awful!

Marjorie took the short leather strap from Paul and smiled
kindly.

"Thank you Paul. Stay there please. You can put it back in a
minute."

Paul swallowed and hoped that he wasn't showing his excitement
too much. Standing to one side, he had the most beautiful view of
Craig's large bottom. He glanced at Benjamin and grinned.

Slap, slap, slap!

Craig grit his teeth. Ouch! Mustn't show her how painful it felt!
Mustn't cry!

"Hmm, your backside's as tough as old leather, isn't it!" said
Marjorie, bringing the strap down hard and fast over the lad's
red buttocks.

She stopped and shook her head.

"Benjamin, bring me the paddle please. We'll see how he likes
that!"

The boy blinked and trotted obediently over to the tall cupboard.
What on earth was a paddle?

"Please miss, is this it?" he asked timidly. He looked at the
strange wooden object in his hand. A bit like some kind of bat
for hitting balls, but heavier and well polished, with three
holes through it. So strange.

"Yes. Good boy. Bring it here!"

She took the paddle from him and examined it closely. Sent to her
by an old friend in the USA, she'd been meaning to try it out for
the past few months. Well, now was a good time!

Paul took the strap and returned it to the cupboard. He looked at
her enquiringly.

"No, you can stay here. I may need you to get something else. You
as well Benjamin."

She looked at the two naked boys standing side by side and tried
not to laugh. So sweet! Their penises were almost horizontal. Not
erect, but they were clearly aroused. Taking the paddle in her
other hand for a moment, she took Benjamin's hand and squeezed it
gently before placing it on Paul's hand, nodding at them to make
clear her intention.

Paul's eyes widened, but he took Benjamin's hand in his and held
it. It felt kind of nice!

"Right young man, let's make your bottom a bit redder, shall we?"

Craig felt something bouncing gently on his sore buttocks. It
felt bigger and heavier than the strap. A lot heavier. Even
heavier than the old hairbrush that Mrs Benson used sometimes. It
wouldn't be more painful than that, surely! It couldn't be....

SLAP!

The sting of the paddle took his breath away. No... please!

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

"M..miss..please....owww! Owww!"

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

Marjorie tapped the boy's gyrating bottom with the paddle. "Stop
wriggling Craig. You know very well that you deserve this.
Actually, I'm using it quite lightly. I can make it hurt a lot
more if you don't stop moving about."

She looked at the dark red patches of skin covering his buttocks.
Why hadn't she used the paddle before? It was great! Especially
for boys like Craig.

SLAP SLAP SLAP! SLAP!

"Owww miss! It hurts! Please! I won't do it again miss, promise!
I won't..."

SLAP SLAP SLAP!

"Be quiet Craig! As for not doing it again, well I suggest you
discuss that with the Headmistress tomorrow."

She glanced at Paul and Benjamin. The boys were staring at
Craig's bright red bottom, their mouths wide open. Her eyes fell
on their privates and she blinked quickly. Thank goodness Mrs
Benson wasn't here! Both boys had erections! Benjamin's penis was
almost vertical and Paul's was pointing straight at her. They saw
where she was looking and blushed.

She smiled at them reassuringly and winked. Poor kids were so
confused. She laughed quietly and turned her attention back to
the sad and sore boy over her lap.

SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP!

"Owwwww! Oh please!! Owwwww!"

Craig suddenly burst into tears. He could take no more. The sting
from the heavy paddle was like nothing he'd ever felt before.

Marjorie sighed with relief and ran the paddle over his bottom
and down his thighs. She'd finally got through to him!

"What a baby! You know you're not supposed to cry! What will the
others say?"

Craig sniffed loudly. His tears ran into his mouth. They tasted
salty.

"Miss, I'm sorry miss. I'll never bully anyone again miss. I
promise miss, really, I....."

"Okay, okay, I've heard it all before." She tapped his thighs.
"I'm going to give you six more Craig, and they're going to be
nice and slow, but very hard. Every time I tap your bottom, I
want you to push it up as high as you can. If I have to tell you
again, you get another six. Oh, legs open a bit more, come on!"

Craig shifted his thighs apart and arched his back, desperate to
please Miss Stenton and get it over with. He felt Miss Stenton's
hand slip between his legs and touch his testicles. It was so
embarrassing when teachers did that, but he reckoned it was
probably better than accidentally getting his balls whacked hard!

The fingers moved further and he gasped. She was squeezing his
willy!

"Hmm, at least it's not hard, like some boys when they're being
punished" said Marjorie, releasing his tiny manhood. "Now
then..."

She tapped Craig's bottom with the paddle.

SLAP!

"Owwww! Miss!"

SLAP!

"Owww!!"

Craig thrust his posterior up as high as he could.

SLAP!

Marjorie rested the paddle at the top of his large thighs. Craig
tried to look round. "M...miss..... not there...please... not..."

SLAP!
SLAP!
SLAP!

It was over. Marjorie lifted the sobbing child off her lap and
wiped the tears from his eyes with her handkerchief.

"Okay Craig, I hope you've learned your lesson."

She wiped a few more tears away and smiled. Craig stood before
her, hands on his head, his face red and blotchy, shifting from
foot to foot, desperate to rub his throbbing backside.

"I just hope I don't have to deal with you again for a long time"
she continued.

Realising the time, she stood up herself and propelled him
quickly to the door, picking up his pyjamas on the way.

"Just to make sure you understand, you can walk back like this
and get dressed back in your dormitory."

Handing him the pyjamas, she opened the door and let him out.

"Don't forget you've got an appointment with the Headmistress
tomorrow, and I can promise you that she won't stop just because
of a few tears! Now go!"

The door closed and she quickly turned the key.

Paul and Benjamin were still holding hands and they looked at her
nervously as she sat back down.

"Well boys, did you like that?" She spoke softly and prodded
Benjamin's tummy playfully.

Paul nodded shyly. "Yes miss."

Marjorie sat down again and smiled kindly. Such funny little
boys!

"Yes, I can see you did. As for Benjamin here, I can see he liked
it too!"

To the boys' consternation, she took their hard penises in her
hands and laughed.

"Okay, okay, don't look so scared. It's alright. I'm not angry."

Her fingers traced circles over their tight little scrotums and
she shook her head in amazement. So cute and vulnerable! She'd
noticed that Paul had started to lose his erection, but a few
gentle caresses soon had his small manhood rising again. Benjamin
on the other hand seemed to require no such prompting. His thin
yet remarkably long penis was still as vertical as ever and felt
like a small rod of iron.

"There, that feels nice, doesn't it? A bit tickly perhaps." She
took a deep breath and winked at Paul.

"So, shall we let Benjamin into our little club?"

Paul nodded shyly. Initially nervous, Miss Stenton's demeanour
had calmed him down considerably and he felt himself relaxing,
particularly when she smiled at him like that. He swallowed and
gazed lovingly into her eyes. He'd do anything for her! An
obedient boy, he stood still, not daring to look down or give any
sign that he was aware of what she was doing to him. It felt so
very nice, but his time at the school had drummed into him -
mostly extremely painfully - the importance of not drawing
attention to his privates.

"Yes please miss."

She turned her attention to Benjamin. The tall ten year old was
every bit as cute as Paul, his blue eyes and curly blond hair
contrasting nicely with Paul's light brown.

His face seemed to contain a myriad of emotions. Nervousness and
fear, yet Marjorie could see a familiar far away look that she
recognised. The boy was obviously very aroused - despite Mrs
Benson's best efforts!

"Okay then." She ran her fingernail along the side of the boy's
testicles, enjoying the shudder it produced.

"Well Benjamin, you and Paul both agree with me that naughty boys
deserve to have their bottoms spanked, is that right?"

"Er, yes miss, I think so miss." Benjamin replied, looking at the
floor. He didn't want to meet her eyes. The tingling feeling was
just so....! Why was she doing this? So nice, but what would
happen to him? Not the Headmistress...please!

"Good. You see, some boys like having their bottoms spanked -
like you and Paul - and they like watching other boys being
spanked. Paul agrees with me, don't you Paul?"

The boy in question blushed and nodded. "Yes miss."

"Good boys like you are not easy to find. I have to say that Miss
Hadley is very pleased with both of you!"

The reference to the Headmistress made both boys blink. They
stared at Miss Stenton, trying to make sense of what they'd
heard, but coming to the swift conclusion that it was better not
to even try.

"Since, it's well known that this makes your things go all
tingly, we don't mind at all, as long as we know about it."

Marjorie gave the two throbbing penises a little squeeze to make
her point.

"I must say I'm very pleased indeed with both of you. Paul here
has behaved so well today. I had to make his bottom red so Craig
would think he'd had a spanking. That way Paul was able to see
Craig get what he deserved.

Her index finger teased the boys' tight little scrotums and she
heard Benjamin gasp. The look on their faces made her grin. Both
of them were breathing deeply, excited by what she was doing to
them, yet still too nervous to show it. Silly boys! So easy to
manipulate!

"Of course Benjamin, if you want to be treated like Paul here, it
means I have to make your bottom red as well, doesn't it. We have
to make Craig think you were spanked as well."

Benjamin heard but the words took time to register, competing
with the sensations flooding into his brain. Miss Stenton's
finger was drawing circles on his testicles and the feeling was
so.....! A bit like when he and Paul teased each other's things
under the table, but much stronger!

"Come on then." Marjorie stopped what she was doing and patted
her knee. "It's up to you. Either put your pyjamas on, or get
your naughty bottom over my knee!"

She saw his look of apprehension and winked, her eyes twinkling.

"Now!"

With a quick glance at Paul, the ten year old boy lowered himself
across the teacher's soft dress, his excitement and desire to
copy Paul overcoming his nervousness. Yes, he'd always been
excited by seeing boys spanked, their red bums afterwards, their
things going hard and yes, even being spanked himself, but like
Paul, this was something to be hidden. Paul was his best friend
in the whole world. Now here was a teacher who was telling him
that she didn't mind.

He shifted slightly and grimaced as his erection was squashed
against the teacher's thigh.

"Hmm, hold on, let's just move you forward a bit shall we?"

Marjorie laughed and moved her right leg to one side.

"There, that's more comfortable isn't it."

She ran her fingers over the boy's bottom. "Bottom up more
please. Oh, perfect!"

"Paul, come here, in front. Yes, kneel down. Good boy."

Marjorie smiled and pointed down. "You've got a very important
job, Paul. I want you to see if you can keep Benjamin's thing
nice and hard while I'm spanking him. You know what to do I
think. I've seen you doing it under the table sometimes!"

The room seemed to spin around Paul. She.... She knew...had seen
them.... But..?

"Okay, okay, don't worry." She smiled at him. "I knew you were a
special boy so I didn't say anything."

She shifted in the chair. "Come on then, hand between my legs.
Keep his little bits busy!"

Paul slid his hand under Benjamin's tummy. Marjorie felt the boy
suddenly jerk on her lap. "Oh miss...I...please...."

"Sshh, quiet Benjamin!" She parted the lad's soft buttocks and
prodded his anus, trying not to laugh out loud at the response it
produced.

Paul moved a bit closer and gently fondled his friend's privates.
Miss Stenton had put Benjamin just far enough across her lap for
his things to be accessible.

"So Paul, is it still nice and hard?"

The boy nodded and giggled. "Yes miss."

Paul gazed at his friend's willy as if seeing it for the first
time. True, they did tease each other under the table
occasionally and of course they saw each other naked all the
time. But never had he seen it like this before, and so close!

He tickled Benjamin's balls and giggled again at the way it made
his willy jerk. The skin covering the tip had pulled right back
and released the swollen bulbous tip. Boys with tight foreskins
were virtually unknown at the school. The frequent medical checks
saw to that! Paul sighed, remembering the checks in his first
year at the school, standing obediently to attention for what
seemed like an eternity while ladies examined his private parts,
prodding and poking, twisting and pulling his foreskin at each
visit, determined to loosen it as fast as possible. How he'd
cried the first time, his tears rewarded with a few hard slaps to
his thighs and a curt reminder to grow up!

Benjamin's head felt like it would burst. It was only the sharp
slapping noise that made him suddenly realise that the spanking
had begun. He raised his bottom higher as Craig had done.

"Good boy."

Marjorie placed the slaps all over the boy's pert buttocks,
turning them a nice rosy pink colour. As with Paul, she very
slowly increased the force of the slaps, occasionally stopping to
tease the boy's sweaty little anus, marvelling at the way it
reacted to her touch.

"Hmm, you are doing well Benjamin! It's so nice to have a boy who
likes being spanked." She paused for a second and ran her finger
down his crack. "You do like being spanked, don't you?"

"I...I.. yes miss..I...yes!"

She chuckled at the note of desperation in his high pitched
voice. Poor boy must be so confused! Paul looked up her shyly and
she nodded.

"Still hard?"

"Yes miss."

Marjorie picked up the paddle she'd used on Craig and slid it
over Benjamin's red bottom. Despite being spanked as hard as
Paul, the boy had made almost no noise. Clearly he had a much
higher pain threshold.

"You know Benjamin, you're really quite amazing. Even better than
Paul, I think. Now then, let's see if you can take what I gave
Craig!"

The slaps of the paddle echoed round the room. Benjamin gasped
loudly at each slap but didn't cry. His whole rear end seemed to
glow. He felt Paul's hand teasing his testicles. Something
touched his bottom again - just there! Nerves throbbed, sending
messages of pain and pleasure simultaneously to his brain.

It stopped. He opened his eyes, trying to focus on the pattern on
Miss Stenton's carpet. It was over. Her hands lifted him gently
off her lap.

"Okay, I think that's enough."

Marjorie surveyed the two young boys before her, laughing at the
confused look on Benjamin's face. Paul looked quickly at his
friend's bottom. Gosh, it was really red!

"I'm so pleased with both of you" said Marjorie, beaming at them.
She held their penises again.

"Gosh Benjamin, still as hard as ever!" she said shaking her head
in wonder. "Good boy!"

Paul looked down at what she was doing to him. It only took a few
seconds for her fingers to coax his little manhood back up.

"You as well Paul."

She grinned and released their throbbing erections, moving her
hands to their thighs, enjoying the spectacle of two stiff
sausages bobbing about before her. Really, boys looked so funny
sometimes!

Marjorie looked at the time.

"Well Benjamin, did you enjoy that?" She drew the boys a bit
closer.

"Oh...I...I...yes miss."

"Good boy!" She gently turned them so they faced each other. She
ran her hands over their soft pert behinds. Benjamin's skin was
still warm from the hard spanking she'd given him. She ran her
fingers up and down between their buttocks.

"Well, it was Paul who agreed, wasn't it Paul! You are best
friends aren't you?"

Benjamin nodded and looked at Paul shyly.

"Yes miss."

"Well, don't you think you should say thank you?"

Benjamin nodded. "Thank you" he said, blushing.

"No, not like that" said Marjorie laughing. "Give him a kiss!"

She saw the boy hesitate for a second before giving his friend a
quick peck on the cheek.

"Oh come on!" Marjorie shook her head. She slid her fingers
between their buttocks.

"A proper kiss! Put your arms round each other."

She pushed them closer and tried not to giggle as they hugged
each other.

"There, that's better, isn't it?. Now just kiss each other nice
and gently, nose, cheeks, lips. Come on, you're meant to be best
friends!"

Paul closed his eyes and held his friend tightly. For a few
seconds it had seemed strange, but now it felt just...well, so
nice. He felt Benjamin's willy touching his. What would Miss say?
What would she do if she saw....

"I tell you what" he heard Miss Stenton say quietly. "You put
this hand down here, and Benjamin, you put yours here and..."

Paul felt his hand being guided to his friend's privates and
gasped as he felt his own willy in Benjamin's hand.

"There, now you can check each other, can't you?" whispered
Marjorie. "Let's see if you give each other that nice tingly
feeling." She took Paul's hand again and moved it back and forth
for a few seconds.

"There, that's nice, isn't it. Now then, a big tingle please!"

Her fingers wriggled their way deeper between their buttocks and
stroked their tight little anuses. Strange how boys had such
sensitive prostates, she thought. Still, it made things so much
easier!

Benjamin felt Paul hug him harder. He could feel his friend's
heart beating faster. He rubbed his cheek against Paul, his
fingers running up and down Paul's rock hard penis. His own
throbbing manhood felt as though it was turning to pure
electricity.

He remembered the last time he had felt like this. Wasn't it a
few weeks ago? Of course, touching yourself in bed was considered
a terrible crime and most boys soon learned that it was far safer
to fight their urges, though very few succeeded. Benjamin had
occasionally given in to temptation and had made his thing start
to tingle. He knew the risk he was taking. The dormitory doors
were always left ajar and most passing teachers would notice in a
second that his hands were not outside the covers where the rules
said they should be. Then there were the routine checks, carried
out a few times per evening. The teacher on duty simply passed
round the dormitories, quietly checking all was well. What would
never be found in any education guide was the way the teacher
would slip her hand quickly under the covers to check that the
boys' privates were 'behaving themselves', as they liked to say.
Why some teachers liked to spend more time checking some boys
than others, Benjamin had never understood.

Then there were the dreaded spot checks, about once a week!
Lights suddenly switched on followed by a curt order to stand at
the end of their bed, hands on head. Woe betide any boy who was
slow in getting out of bed! One or sometimes two teachers would
then walk along, quickly lowering the boys' pyjama trousers to
their ankles. Any boy unlucky enough to have been caught with an
erection was sent immediately to the teacher's office, to wait
there until the teachers returned, then subjected to a most
intimate and humiliating examination and stern lecture,
culminating in a long session over their knees, each teacher
taking it in turn to redden the boy's bottom.

All bedclothes and trousers were examined for tell-tale stains
and the boys genitals subjected to intense scrutiny to ensure
that the boy hadn't recently been playing with himself.

He felt Paul shaking in his arms. What? The teacher's finger slid
inside his tight anus and the tingling feeling suddenly went off
the scale.

"Ohhhhh...miss...I...."

Marjorie crooked her fingers and pressed the spot where she could
just feel the small mound of their prostates. The aroma of their
sweaty bodies was intoxicating!

She saw from Paul's trembling legs that he was in the throes of
his-possibly -first orgasm. What a quiet one he was! His eyes
shut tight, face buried in Benjamin's neck.

The look on Benjamin's face was a sight to behold! His friends
fingers were still clamped firmly around his erect penis, but had
ceased moving. To Marjorie's surprise, Benjamin suddenly started
thrusting himself back and forth, a look of desperation in his
eyes.

"Hmmmm.....ohhhh.......ohhhhhh............ohhhhhh......aaaaaaagh!
"

Marjorie shook her head. So the quiet Benjamin had suddenly
become the noisy one!

She waited a few seconds before slowly removing her fingers from
the boys' sweaty bumholes and gently patted their soft buttocks.

"Okay boys?"
Her tone was friendly yet authoritative. She waited for their
breathing to slow, then gently separated them so they faced her.

She saw something glistening on Pauls hand and coughed in
surprise. So young, yet...

"Well Benjamin, you are a big boy aren't you! Look at Paul's
hand. It seems that you've started producing milk already. I am
proud of you!"

Paul held his hand up and examined the few drops of shiny liquid
on his fingers.

"This is a special kind of milk that only boys make. It's very
important never to waste it."

She took Paul's hand in hers and tapped Benjamin's thigh.

"Lick some of it off, then let Paul have a taste."

Benjamin licked off a few drops and grimaced. Marjorie laughed.

"Yes, it does taste strange at first, but you'll soon get used to
it. Paul, lick the rest off please."

Paul licked the back of his hand and pulled a face. That didn't
taste like milk, well not real milk. Perhaps boys' milk was
better, perhaps....

Marjorie examined the boy's limp penises with interest. Such
strange little things! She knew very well that, given their age,
it would only be a matter of minutes before she'd be able to get
them erect again. She shivered. Hmmm, that was something to
investigate another time. What was the record so far? Had to have
a word with Joyce about that.

Although Paul hadn't ejaculated like his friend, she could see a
small drop of fluid on the tip of his penis.

"Well boys, since Benjamin here obviously needs milking and you
Paul are not far behind, I think I'll have to keep a close on
both of you, hmm?"

She pointed to their pyjamas. "Okay, get dressed please. Time you
were in bed!"

Paul pulled his thin cotton trousers up and glanced at his
friend. His head felt so light. What on earth had happened this
evening? Try as he might he couldn't make sense of it all. He
sighed. At least one thing was clear: Miss Stenton seemed to like
them and was happy with what they'd done. His time in the school
had taught him that this was not to be underestimated.

Marjorie opened the door and stroked Benjamin's hair. "So, I
expect to see you back here same time next week. Is that clear?"

Benjamin blushed and nodded. "Yes miss."

She saw the confusion in their eyes and laughed.

"Oh, just remember something. I allow this sort of behaviour only
in private. If I see you touching each other under the table from
now on, I will not be happy. Is that clear?"

The tone of her voice told the boys all they needed to know.

"Yes miss" they answered in unison.

She ushered them out and closed the door, smiling triumphantly.
Another two recruits for Elizabeth's sister? She hoped so. Of
course, next week she'd ask Joyce to participate. The boys had to
get used to performing for an audience. Maybe milk them twice?
Get their mouths busy as well?

So many things to do. She wiped her brow and moaned as the
tingling returned. Oh well, nothing for it. Thank goodness she'd
bought some new batteries!

------------

In another building, the room blurred a second time. Mrs Benson
put her large glass of gin on the table and gripped the martinet
in her hand. She gazed at the boy lying on the table and
squinted, trying to bring his little balls into focus.

Having already dealt with young Trevor and having sent him off to
bed with a very red bottom and the dread of what awaited him
tomorrow, she now had time to enjoy herself with Sean.

"I said legs apart!" she snarled, slapping the young boy's thigh.

Sean stared up through his tears and gripped his legs tighter,
forcing them back up to his shoulders and pushing them further
apart.

Despite his immature age, he was acutely aware of how he looked,
flat on his back, displaying his most private parts to Mrs
Benson.

He felt her large finger prod his bottom hole and gasped.

"M...miss, I.. please..."

"Oh shut up Sean!" Mrs Benson spat. "It's not as if it's the
first time. I'm sick of you dirty little boys always trying to
get out of washing yourself properly. You only have yourself to
blame!"

Despite his terror, Sean knew that she was right. It wasn't as if
the boys didn't know the rules. They did! He'd chanced it and had
got caught. Why had he been so stupid? Just a bit of soap on his
willy!

The fifty year old woman licked her lips. From an older
generation, she had never accepted her feelings as had some of
her colleagues. Never in a million years would she admit to
performing these punishments for her own enjoyment. Deep, deep
down, of course she loved them, but the feeling was well hidden.
No. The boys had to be taught a lesson! That was all. The fact
that it made her abuse herself in bed time after time was
just....well...just a perk. Wasn't it?

Her finger stayed where it was. She knew the effect it had on
some boys. Disgusting creatures! She squinted at the boy's tight
puckered anus and stroked it with her fingernail. As expected,
Sean's penis slowly lengthened. How she loved it when this
happened! A nice excuse for another session, maybe in a few days?

Enough! The evening was still young and her gin bottle was only
half empty.

Sean bit his lip and shook as the thin cords lashed his small
penis and shrivelled testicles. Mustn't cry out! That always made
Mrs Benson angry!

A second, then a third. One cord nicked the tip of his little
glans and he squealed.

"Owwww..miss...please..."

"Quiet Sean, we've only just started" said Mrs Benson, raising
her arm. "Any trouble from you and you'll be visiting the
Headmistress tomorrow. You're a very lucky boy!"

Her finger teased his anus again and she waited patiently for it
to have the desired effect. Such fun - getting 'em stiff, then
watching them shrivel as she yielded the martinet.

She sighed and gazed at the boy's stiffening penis, peeping
cheekily up at her. Hmm, this was the way to spend an evening!









