Daddy's Slutty Schoolgirl
by lollipopslut


"Hi Daddy, I'm home." she said as she walked in the door, setting her school bag on the floor and kicking off her shoes. "I have a note for you, Daddy." 

"Bring it here Baby, come sit on Daddy's lap while he reads it." She walks over, swaying her sweet hips just the way I like. She crawls up onto my lap, her school skirt climbing up her soft thighs, my lovely eighteen year old girl; I can't believe she'll be out of high school in a matter of months. She hands me an envelope with my name on it. I open it and read the note from her teacher.

"What does it say Daddy?" she asks, giving me a teasing, little pout. I love her pout and can't help but picture her lips wrapped around my cock like they so often are. My daughter and I have a very special relationship and she knows how much I like her to play young and innocent, so when we're at home, she does. The fact that she is so short (only 5'2") makes the illusion better. 

"This note says you've been being a bad little girl at school, baby. Teasing Mr. Durow by flashing your panties and touching your pussy while he's trying to give lessons. Is this true?" I ask and her cheeks turn pink, eyes down-turned and she mumbles something that sounds like yes. "You know I'm going to have to punish you for being a naughty little slut don't you baby? But, I think I'm going to give Mr. Durow a phone call first, he deserves to see that you get properly punished for being a dirty tease. You sit right here until Daddy gets back." I lift her off my lap and sit her on the couch, going to the phone in my room and closing the door so she can't hear the conversation I'm about to have with her teacher. I call his home number and calmly explain how my baby and I will make up for her behaviour at school. He agrees to come over that evening and I hang up the phone. 

I walk back out into the living room and give my girl a kiss, "Come on sweetie, Mr. Durow is coming over later and I want you to look nice for him." I lead her into the bathroom and begin to run a nice hot bath. I give her another kiss and pull the elastic band from her hair, letting it fall loose on her shoulders before starting to unbutton her white blouse. I push the blouse from her shoulders and fold it neatly on the counter unhook her bra to reveal her large breasts and perky nipples. "Mm you're so beautiful honey." I tell her as I unzip her skirt, watching it fall in a puddle around her feet. I fold it with the blouse and pull down her panties, and ask her to get into the tub. 

"Are you gonna wash me like when I was a kid Daddy?" She says with a cute little grin.

"Yes baby, I want you to be nice and clean for your teacher." I roll up my shirt sleeves to get to work. "Now, hand me that body wash so we can get started." She hands me the bottle and I squeeze some onto a bath pouf. I soap up her arms and shoulders, breasts and stomach before asking her to stand to get the rest. She gets up and stands obediently with her arms out to the sides and I scrub her back and down her legs. "Bend over now sweetie, and spread your ass cheeks for Daddy." She does as I say and my cock gets even harder at the sight of my girl all soaped up and spread. "Yeah baby, just like that." I squish the bath pouf and get my hand full of soap bubbles, then run my hand down her crack. I scrub around her little asshole and push one finger inside as she lets out a small moan. I finger her ass a few times, letting her enjoy it before I turn the shower on to rinse her off. 

"Lay back down in the water sweetie, there's another thing we have to do."

"Okay Daddy." She says and slips back into the tub, her womanly breasts jiggling. 

"Now, spread your legs real wide for Daddy, you've got some hair down there and I think it would be very nice if we shaved it off. What do you think sweetie?"

"I think that would be okay, Daddy." She replies as she spreads her legs further apart, giving me the perfect view of her hot little pussy. 

"Mm, great honey." I grab the razor and carefully get to work on my little girl. I slowly shave off her little blonde curls, leaving her pussy lips bare and gorgeous. "There we go, now I'll leave you to wash your hair baby. I'm going to find you something to wear, just let me know when you're done and I'll bring you a towel." I give her a kiss on the forehead and she grins up at me.

"Thank you Daddy, I really liked that."

"Aw you're welcome, pumpkin. You know how much Daddy loves his little girl."

"I love you too, Daddy." She says and I leave the bathroom and head into her bedroom. I search her drawers and closets and find the perfect out fit for my baby to wear. I lay the last piece of clothing out just as I hear her calling me from down the hall, I grab a big towel and head back into the bathroom. She's standing in the tub dripping wet and smiling. I wrap the towel around her and help her out of the tub onto the bath mat and proceed to dry her off. 

"I want you to put your hair up in pigtails baby, and put a nice bit of make-up on then we'll get you dressed."

"Alright Daddy." She says and I watch her brush out her long blonde hair and sweep it up into high pigtails. She gets out her make-up and works her magic, making herself even more beautiful with rosy cheeks and long eyelashes. She finishes up and I lead her into her bedroom, showing her what I've laid out. "Oh Daddy!" She squeals "It's perfect!" She kisses me on the lips and presses her naked, curvaceous body into me in a tight hug.

"I'm glad you approve honey, let's see how it looks on you." We start off with a nice pair of white cotton underwear, a white bra and a pair of white knee high socks. Then the school uniform from her eight grade year, with a skirt that barely covers my baby's sweet ass, and a white blouse that strains to close over her chest. Even though she is still tiny, her body grew fantastically in the four years of high school. "Oh god baby," I say as she does a little twirl for me, "That makes Daddy so hard for you."

"Will Mr. Durow like it Daddy?" she questions.

"Of course honey, you're so sexy in that outfit that no man would be able to resist you. Now go sit down on the couch and we'll wait for your teacher, he should be here pretty soon." 

"Okay Daddy," She grins and bounces off to the living room. It's only a little while before I hear a knock at the door. "Hello Mr. Durow, come on in." I greet the professional looking man at my door and usher him into the living room where my little baby waits patiently on the couch for her punishment. I offer him a seat and ask my girl to stand in front of him. He swallows hard as he takes in the view of her gorgeous body. I kneel behind my sexy daughter, run my hands up her thighs to her hips and hook my fingers in the elastic of her panties. I pull her panties down slowly and she steps out of them when they reach her ankles. I notice the wet spot that has already formed in the crotch, so I toss them over to Mr. Durow to keep as a reminder. I sit back down on the couch, "You know what to do, baby." I say and she bends herself over my lap.

I run a hand up the back of her thigh seductively, making sure that her teacher is paying full attention as I lift her skirt exposing her ass for her punishment. I rub my girl's fine ass for a moment before I raise my hand and bring it down hard on her left cheek, leaving a hand print. I love the way she squeals when I spank her and I can tell her teacher is enjoying it too. I spank her hard, alternating cheeks until tears start to form in her eyes and her ass is completely red. I leave my hand on her after the last blow and rub her sweet ass, letting my hand wander down to her wet pussy which makes her moan and squirm against my erection. I look over to her teacher and notice his own erection straining against his pants. I push two fingers into my baby's dripping pussy, making her moan. "You've been a naughty little slut, baby. Just feel how wet your pussy is. I think you've teased Mr. Durow far too much you nasty little girl, just look what you've done to him. You better go over there and suck his hard cock little slut." With this I pull my fingers out of her and she gets up and walks over to where her teacher is sitting. 

"I'm sorry Mr. Durow." She says, bottom lip quivering as she gets on her knees between his legs. She quickly unzips his pants and pulls out his rock hard cock. She wastes no time licking its shaft, playing her tongue across the head then taking him into her mouth. Her teacher moans as he watches her suck his thick cock so expertly. Watching my baby girl give her teacher what I know is great head gets me even hotter and I pull my own dick out, stroking myself slowly, watching her pigtails bounce as her head moves up and down and her ass in the air still red from the spanking. 

I go over to them and kneel behind her and see that her pussy is so wet it's started to drip down her thighs. I lick my little girl's juice up from her thighs and gently tongue her swollen clit. She starts to moan on Mr. Durow's cock and you can tell it's really getting him off. He starts thrusting up as he grabs the back of my girls head and fucks her hot mouth while I lick my way up to her asshole. I shove three fingers in my baby's pussy as I tongue her ass, knowing it will make her moan nice and loud. Mr. Durow's body stiffens suddenly, holding my baby's head to him, his cock all the way in her mouth and he grunts loudly as he cums down the back of her throat. "Ohh fuck yeah." He groans as my girl swallows his warm cum then proceeds to lick his still hard cock clean. 

I stand up and take my pants and boxers off, sitting back down on the couch. "Stand up baby and take your top and bra off, and then come give Daddy some of that nice mouth of yours." 

"Okay Daddy." She says as she gets up off her knees and starts to slowly unbutton her blouse for us. Soon she's standing there in nothing but a tiny skirt and knee high socks and I motion for her to get back on her knees in front of me. 

"Suck Daddy's cock baby and Mr. Durow's going to fuck your tight pussy. Do you want him to do that honey?" She nods vigorously in answer. "Well then ask him, sweetie."

"Will you fuck me please, Mr. Durow? I'd really like that." I know she's giving him her sexy little innocent face as she asks, and before you know it he's slamming his hard cock into her dripping pussy. She's in ecstasy and I grab her head and roughly start to fuck her mouth. 

"Aww yeah baby, you love having two cocks in you don't you? You're such a naughty slut letting your teacher fuck you like that too. I bet you're gonna start staying after class to suck his cock under his desk. Ohh yeah you little cumslut, suck Daddy's cock." I'm making her gag on my dick as I ram it deep into her mouth alternating between watching her sweet pigtailed head and her ass grinding against her teachers cock. 

Mr. Durow was really starting to get into it and I pulled my baby's mouth off my dick so he could hear her moan. "Ohh Mr. Durow," she cooed, "It feels so good."

"Aww yeah you little bitch, take it all." He grunted, gritting his teeth. "Ohh you fucking whore, taunting me with your tight little pussy in class."

"I'm sorry Mr. Durow, oohhh, I won't do it again, I promise." She said.

"And if you do I won't have any problem giving you a detention and taking you over my knee you dirty slut." And with that he started to spank her ass as he fucked her hot cunt. My baby was moaning so loud, I knew she was about to cum.

"Tell Mr. Durow what you want honey." I stroked her hair while I rubbed my hard cock against her face. 

"I-I want your, ooohh, I want your cum Mr. Durow!" She groaned and I put my dick back in her mouth.

"Oh fuck, you're about to have it you little tease." He moaned and started to thrust harder while I went back to fucking my baby's mouth. She practically started yelling with my cock in her mouth as she came all over Mr. Durow's cock, her pussy no doubt clamping hard around him which set him off. He yelled out "Ohh fuck yes!" as he pumped a few more times in and out of her now cum filled pussy. 

"It's Daddy's turn baby." I whispered down to her and she started sucking my cock like a pro. "Mmm yeah, here comes Daddy's hot cream for his little girl. Ooohhh yes baby." I groaned as I filled her mouth with my own jets of sticky cum. "Mmm." I pulled my shrinking cock from her mouth and she swallowed my juice with a smile. "You're going to be a good girl from now on right honey?" I asked.

"Yes, Daddy." She replied.

"Good, because if you're naughty in class again Mr. Durow is going to call me and we're both going to punish you severely." 

"Don't worry Daddy, I'll be a good little girl from now on." With that she gave a little wink that only I could see.