A Ball-sucking Slut (story codes MF, oral)

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============


I know there's nothing you like better than having a big set of hairy balls hanging in your face.

Sure, you've always liked having a cock in your mouth--having a guy grab the sides of your head to hold you still while he fucks your cute little face. And you've always liked laying on your back, legs up in the air and arms up over your head and a big cock slamming in and out of you and the guy treating you like you're a cheap hooker.

But what you really like is a big red swollen set of balls hanging in your face.

I got my legs around your arms, sitting on your chest, holding my cock up so that my balls are hanging right there, two inches above your nose. I'm just making you look at them. They look huge, don't they? They're as big as half your face. "Tell me how big they are, bitch."

"They're huge. They're so big they intimidate me. They look like two boulders hanging between your legs."

You lift your head a bit, to kiss them or nuzzle into them. But I sit up. Not yet, I'm not done making you look.

I aim my cockhead at your face and start jacking. "I should come on your face right now. You want me to do that? You love it when I come on your face, don't you?" I got it at point-blank range right in front of your nose.

You lift your head and kiss my cockhead. 

"Should I come in your mouth?"

"What about my pussy? She wants come today."

I lift my cock up again and hang my balls an inch above your mouth. You lift your head and give them a little kiss, just a peck. I lift my cock a little further so that the very bottom of my scrotum is above your mouth and you kiss me there, then you stick your tongue out and lick me. I move forward so that you're licking down, all the way down to my asshole. I can feel the wetness of your spit and I can feel you circle your tongue around my anus, pushing it in a bit. A rimjob whore, that's what you are. My little rimjob whore.

My asshole now wet with your spit, I move back so your tongue drags over my hairy perineum and then to my scrotum. "Lick my balls."

And you do. You lick them all over until they drip with spit. You love licking balls. They're like candy to you, aren't they? Your favorite candy in the world.

And while you lick them, I start slapping you in the face with my hard-on. Whack! Right across your whole face, my cock is so long that it slaps across your whole face. Whack!

Then I start swinging it, side to side, slapping and dragging across your face, balls leaving a trail of your spit. I lift my cock up and just swing my balls, slapping you in the face with them.

"You like my balls?"

You look at me, eyes twinkling, a big smile. "I love your balls!"

"Tell 'em!"

You look at my balls hanging in front of your face. "I love you, Chris's balls!" You lift your head and kiss one of my balls. "I want you to shoot your sperm inside me. I want you to make me pregnant." You lift up and kiss the other ball. "I'll have your baby for you, you wonderful balls!"

And then you lay back and open your mouth wide and look up expectantly at me. I settle my sack down on your mouth. It's time to suck 'em. It's time to be a little ball sucking slut.

They're too big for both of them to fit in your mouth, at least not without some effort, so you suck one in, the one that's hanging a bit lower. I feel you sucking on it while it's in your mouth; I can feel your warm tongue licking it, caressing it, loving it. After a little while you move to the other ball and suck it in.

You need to use your hand to stuff both balls in your mouth, and you lift it, but your arm is trapped underneath me. So I lift my knee and you reach up and stuff the other ball in your mouth, too, now you got both balls in, now my whole scrotum is in your mouth. Your little fuck toy mouth is open as wide as you can get it and damn, bitch, you got the whole fucking package in!

Jesus, you look like such a slut when you've got a set if balls in your mouth. You're a ball sucking slut, aren't you?

"You're a ball sucking slut, aren't you?"

You nod, keeping the balls in.

I sit up, pulling the balls out, and you suck hard, not letting them go. I sit down, stuffing them in deep, then sit up and pull them out and you suck as hard as you can, and I sit down again and I'm fucking your goddamn face with my balls. Your beautiful adorable sexy wonderful ball sucking slut of a face.

After about a minute of this my balls start aching and they're desperate to unload. I know you're such a slut you'd let me shoot it anywhere I want, on your face or in your mouth or anywhere. But I decide I need to reward my poor guys with some pussy. That's what they like best. So I climb off you and you spread your legs and my dick slides right in, you're a wide open whore, your pussy is a gaping hole. And my boys are so excited now, "Oh yeah! Pussy! We get to dump our load in her pussy!!!"

You are hot and wet, like always, and Im slamming in and out of you and my boys are ready, thats for damn sure, they have no patience for any love making. They couldnt care less whether youre having fun or not. All they want to do is to fire a load of sperm inside your cunt. And it might not be my proudest moment in our sex life, but the fact is that theyre in charge right now so I just slam into your for about a half a minute, and theyre like, Yeah, baby, pussy! And your cunt is so wide open, your lips are splayed so wide, that I swear my balls are going right on inside you with the rest of my cock. So, half a minute, and they start shooting off, giving you a nice big huge load of their come. And of course you take it all like a good cheap whore. 

My balls still ache a little when I pull out of Little Miss Sloppy, but it's a happy feeling, fully satisfied, and it slowly turns from an ache to a wonderful tingling sensation. A cock that's gotten the best attention he could ever hope for from his favorite woman.


[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
