They had decided to spend their lunch break in their quarters. They didn’t do it often, usually opting to eat with their friends, but sometimes it was nice to come here in the middle of the day.

He had Wesley on his hands and knees, well, now Wes was on his elbows because he had been at this for a while , and was slowly running his tongue along Wesley’s hole, pushing it in every so often.

They had plenty of time, so Will was savoring all of the wonderful noises that he was eliciting out of Wesley.

They were lost in themselves, but he still would have heard the door chime, so he was surprised when there was a startled curse that sounded suspiciously like Beverly.

He reluctantly pulled away from Wesley, and there stood Beverly, back turned to them. Wesley groaned and slumped down onto the bed, while Will sighed and grabbed the covers, pulling them over he and Wes as he lay down next to him.

“Beverly, I’m pretty sure you don’t have permission to barge in here whenever you feel like it.”

Beverly chanced turning around, her face bright red. “It’s the middle of the day.”

“You still don’t have permission to be barging in here.”

“I figured you would be having lunch.”

Will sighed. He felt like he was talking to a five year old. “Beverly, I didn’t hear the door chime. I didn’t say you could come in, and neither did Wesley, so whatever you walked in on is your own fault.”

Beverly glared at him and he wanted to laugh. He wasn’t mad. He was actually amused. You would think he would be more upset at Beverly having walked in on them with his tongue in Wesley’s ass, but he just couldn’t be bothered. Besides, if he had to wager a guess, Wes was probably even harder now with having someone walk in on them, despite it having been his mother.

“Captain Picard was looking for Wesley. He needed to speak to him.”

“Fine. Just give me five minutes.” Wesley was already rising to his hands and knees.

Will chuckled. “Beverly, I suggest you leave, unless you’d like a show.”

She huffed and turned around, muttering under her breath as she left their quarters.

Will got behind Wesley and immediately pushed his tongue inside of him. They no longer had time, so he had to stop teasing him. It didn’t take long, and soon they were laying on the bed, Wesley’s hand wrapped around him, his strokes sure and fast.

Will was coming down from his orgasm when Wesley kissed his cheek and whispered in his ear. “Sorry our play time was cut short.”

Will chuckled. “It’s okay, but you’d better get going.”

He lay there as Wesley washed his hands and put his uniform back on. He leaned down to kiss Will. “I’ll see you on the bridge,” he said, and he was gone.

Will stretched and got off the bed. He brushed his teeth because he figured no one would appreciate the smell of Wesley’s ass the same way he did. He put his uniform on and headed back to the bridge.

He couldn’t help whistling as he went. The unexpected appearance of Beverly hadn’t done anything to dampen his mood. He had had a good time with Wesley, and was in an incredible mood. And why shouldn’t he be? Things between him and Wesley were better than ever. Just a couple of nights ago, they had celebrated being together for a year. He didn’t think there was anything that could spoil his mood.

Will walked on the bridge just in time to hear the Captain say, “Wesley, I thought you would be excited about going to the Academy.”

Will froze. “The Academy?”

Wesley whirled around to face Will. He looked completely miserable.

“When do you leave?”

“Tomorrow.”

Will felt his stomach sink. He had always figured they would at least have a few days. He could feel eyes on him as he stood there, knew that at least a couple of people were paying attention to how he reacted. He saw Beverly looking at him. She looked way too smug, like the temporary separation of him and Wes was going to screw things up between them.

Wesley walked off to the turbolift and Will followed. He didn’t care what assumptions everyone made about that. He had been done caring if the entire ship found out that he was Wesley’s older boyfriend.

They rode the turbolift in silence. Will couldn’t stop thinking about the look that Beverly had given him. She probably thought that Will would fall into bed with the first available warm body the second that Wesley was gone. She probably thought that they couldn’t handle the separation, that it would cause them to split permanently.

She was in for a surprise. No matter what, Will was willing to fight to keep Wesley in his life.

They sat next to each other on the sofa when they got back to their quarters. They weren’t touching each other though. It was like neither one of them knew what to do.

“I don’t want to go.” Wesley’s voice was so small and so broken. Will could tell without even looking at him that the tears were already starting to fall.

He pulled Wesley into his arms and held him tight. There was nothing he could say to make this better. Neither wanted Wesley to go, but they both knew that Wesley needed to.

Wesley pulled out of the embrace. “I should go pack. I don’t want to have to deal with that later.”

Will followed him and watched as Wesley threw clothes into a duffel, silently crying the entire time. Will sat on the edge of the bed, waiting.

When Wes was done cramming stuff into his bag, he glared at Will. “Are you going to say anything?”

“I don’t know what to say.”

Wesley flung himself down onto the bed with a sigh. Will lay down next to him, placing a hand on his chest. Wesley was still crying, so he leaned in to kiss away some of the tears. He felt Wesley’s arms wrap around him, and he let Wes pull him in close. He moved his hand from Wesley’s chest to his face, resting it on his cheek, his thumb wiping at the tears.

He leaned down to kiss Wes, a gentle touch of the lips, not sure if Wesley wanted it at the moment. When he felt Wesley kiss him back, he deepened it. They tore at each other’s clothes and everything was frantic until Will was buried inside of Wesley. He stopped and looked at Wes, who was smiling through the tears.

This time when he kissed Wes, he kept it slow and gentle, and when they urgency had fled, he slowly began moving inside of Wes. It was slow, sweet, and Wesley had his legs wrapped around Will, his hands running up and down his back, their lips parting just long enough to take a breath.

The build up to orgasm was slow and steady, the release sweet, bringing a fresh wave of tears to Wesley’s eyes, and the first tears to Will’s. He lay there, covering Wesley, still inside of him, not wanting to move.

“Will, what are we going to do?”

“We’re going to deal. We’re going to write, we’re going to talk, we’re going to stay in touch, and hopefully, we won’t have to wait until you’re done with the Academy to see each other again.”

“I don’t want to do this. I don’t want to leave you.”

“You have to. You know you do.”

“I don’t actually have to. I just should. You could ask me to stay, you know.”

It was so tempting. He knew that if he asked Wesley to stay, then he would. He couldn’t do that though. Wesley needed to go to the Academy. He needed to get out from under his mother, he needed to be around people his own age, and he needed to experience life. It was tempting, but it was completely selfish, and he couldn’t do that to Wes.

“I can’t do that, Wes.”

Wesley just nodded. Will pulled out of him and lay down next to him. Neither said anything. What was there to say? They already knew how much they loved each other, and how much they were going to miss each other.

There was a knock on the door and Will groaned, getting out of bed and throwing on some clothes. He left Wesley putting his own clothes on and went to get the door. Worf was standing on the other side. “Sorry for the interruption, Commander, but a going away party has been put together for Wesley in Ten Forward, and I was asked to come get you.”

“A going away party? I don’t want to go.”

Will turned to look at Wes. “Wes, you know you have to.”

“You’re going too, right?”

“Of course.”

They stepped out of their quarters and walked with Worf to Ten Forward. Will put his arm around Wesley, but Wesley walked out from under it. “Will, what are you doing?”

“Wes, I already gave myself away on the bridge earlier.”

“You don’t know that for sure.”

“Wes.”

“No.”

“Fine.”

Will stepped around to the other side of Worf. A glance at Wes showed that he looked hurt. He was being childish and petty, he knew, but Wesley was leaving tomorrow and now they had to go to this stupid party, and Wes still didn’t want to be touched in public, and that right there, that was what was really bothering him. What if Wesley actually did want to keep their relationship a secret? Sure they had told a handful of people, but the more people that knew about them, the more crap they would have to deal with. Maybe Wesley didn’t want to have to deal with that.

Now he would probably have to spend most of the party alone while Wesley said his goodbyes to everyone without Will by his side.

Wesley was surrounded as soon as they stepped into Ten Forward. Will went to the bar, grabbed a drink, and sat down. He watched as Wesley moved from one person to another. Rationally, he knew that Wesley didn’t want to be here either, but Wesley seemed to be enjoying himself, and it made Will angrier for being stuck at the bar by himself because Wesley didn’t want to be with him in public.

He continued drinking as he sat there, quickly losing count of how many he’d had. Wesley was near him now, and he could hear him talking about the Academy. He sounded excited. Really excited.

Will was done with this. He downed the last of his drink and stood up. He swayed quite a bit when he got up. It would seem he had had a little too much to drink. He made his way slowly back to his and Wesley’s quarters. He managed not to fall, or to run into any walls. He collapsed on the bed without bothering to take any of his clothes off.

He heard the door swish open. So Wesley had followed him then. He closed his eyes. He didn’t want to see the hurt that would be on his face.

“How much did you have to drink?” Wesley’s voice was even, controlled. He was pissed.

“Dunno. Lost count.”

“So you decided to spent our last night together too drunk to do anything except pass out?”

“You’re the one who didn’t want me by his side, didn’t want me touching him in public.”

Wesley didn’t answer him, so Will chanced opening his eyes. Wesley was glaring at him.

“I thought you were supposed to be the mature one in this relationship?”

“Am I not allowed a moment of weakness? Am I not allowed to be upset over the man I love leaving?”

Wesley’s expression softened and he sat down next to where Will was laying.

“Wes, why do you still want to keep hiding?”

“You might be willing to risk your future, but I’m not.”

“I told you I gave myself away on the bridge.”

“Maybe so, but if Picard doesn’t have proof, then he can turn a blind eye. There’s no need to flaunt it.”

It was Will’s turn to glare, or at least he hoped he was glaring. He wasn’t really sure.

Wesley sighed. “Don’t look at me like that.”

“Fine.” Will rolled onto his side. He could feel Wesley get off the bed. When he came back into the room, he asked Will to sit up, and he complied, leaning against the headboard.

“Here, drink this.” He handed Will a glass of water, but stayed standing by the bed instead of getting in again.

“Your willingness to stay if I asked you to is no different. You’re willing to risk your future, and I’m willing to risk mine.”

Wesley sighed and sat down. “I know.”

“You’re excited about going.”

“Yeah, I am.”

“Does that make you feel guilty?”

“Yes.”

“It shouldn’t.”

“How are you feeling?”

He was too drunk to fight the change of subject, so he just allowed it. “Like shit. I’m sorry I got drunk.”

“We are really handling this badly, aren’t we?”

Will snorted. “That’s an understatement.”

Wesley was giving him a funny look.

“What?”

“Nothing. Just thinking about how I’d really like to dump you in a freezing cold shower right about now.”

Will laughed. “I have a better idea. Why don’t we both go take a normal temperature shower.”

“Then maybe we could go to Ten Forward and get you some coffee. We should probably get you some food too.”

“I can handle that. I think.”

Wesley rolled his eyes and got off the bed. Will followed him, but more slowly. Between the two of them, Will managed the shower and the walk back to Ten Forward without too much incident. In fact, Wesley had kept a hand on his back the entire walk here, and now that he was sitting at the bar, rather than sitting himself, Wesley chose to stand next to Will, a hand still on his back.

Guinan walked up to them as soon as they were settled. “Will, I hope you’re not back here for more to drink.”

“He’s not. He’s here for some coffee and some food.”

Will shot Guinan a sheepish grin. He really felt like an ass. He let Wesley continue to do the talking. If Wes wanted to take care of him, who was he to say no to that? So when Guinan brought him coffee and food, he welcomed the coffee, but ate only to appease Wesley. He didn’t even know what he was eating, he was just eating, and it was completely tasteless to him.

It wasn’t doing much good. Will had had too much to drink. He wasn’t going to be sobering up anytime soon. They stayed for a while though, Wesley having him alternate between coffee and water. When Wesley had finally given up, Will was no longer as drunk as he had been earlier, but he was still too drunk for Wesley’s liking.

When they got back to their quarters, Will stripped and climbed into bed, but Wes just stood next to the bed, not even looking at him.

“Wes, are you gonna get in bed?”

Wesley shook his head and began heading out.

“Wes, wait,” but he couldn’t get up to go after him. His limbs were too heavy to move, and his eyelids were already closing. Before he fell asleep, he was aware of the tears falling onto his pillow.

*****

Only a few hours had passed when he woke up to hurl. He wasn’t even aware of Wesley’s presence until he felt a cool cloth being places on his neck, and another one being pressed to his forehead. Even mad, Wesley was still taking care of him.

“I’m sorry.”

“I know.”

That was all they said as they sat there, waiting. When Will decided that his stomach was no longer going to rebel, Wes removed the cloths and Will got up, brushed his teeth, and decided to take a cool shower. Wesley didn’t join him.

Wesley was, however, waiting for Will on the bed when he got out of the shower.

“How are you feeling?”

“Pretty damn lousy.” It was true, and he had the added pleasure of not only a headache, but also feeling like a complete asshole.

He sat down on the bed next to Wesley, his elbows resting on his lap, his face buried in his hands. Wes scooted over and wrapped his arms around him, placing a kiss on his shoulder.

“I have an idea. Put on some comfortable clothes and get some blankets.” Wesley was up and moving before Will could say anything. Not that he planned on saying anything since Wes was actually talking to him and was actually going to spend time with him.

He put on a pair of sweats and a tee, grabbed some blankets, and he even grabbed the lube, just in case. When he opened the drawer to grab the lube, he remembered that he had a little gift in there for Wes. He chuckled and pulled it out.

“Hey, what’s so funny?” Wesley walked up behind him. Will handed the gift to Wes.

“Here, I bought this for you a while ago, knowing that you’d be leaving for the Academy at some point.”

Wesley took the gift and laughed. “You bought me a dildo?!”

“Well, I know how much you like to bottom. And it vibrates too.”

Wesley laughed again and tossed the toy onto the bed. “Come on. Let’s go.”

Will picked up the blankets and the lube, and followed Wesley out of their quarters. They got to the holodeck and Wesley entered in a program. The doors opened and Will could smell the ocean. He walked in and there was sand beneath his feet. He could hear the water crashing along the shore. The moon was full and bright, and he could feel the heat from a fire blazing next to them.

Will spread out the blanket near the fire. He and Wesley lay down, and he used the other blanket to cover them. Will lay on his back with Wesley curled around him, head resting on his shoulder. It was peaceful and Will wished they could just stay like this.

“This is really nice, Wesley.”

“I had planned on saving it for something more special.”

“Like what?”

“I dunno. Maybe after we decided to get married, or maybe after we got married.”

“You know how I feel about that and you still had this planned already?”

“Yeah, yeah. You want to wait until I’m done with the Academy. I really think you should reconsider.”

“Wesley.”

“Will.”

“There’s no rush to get married.”

“I know that. I’m not suggesting we get married right now. I’m just saying that it’s ridiculous to say that we have to wait until I’m done with the Academy.”

“We’ll see, Wes.”

Wesley sighed. “Will, why are you so determined to ruin tonight?”

Will groaned. “I’m sorry. I’m not doing it on purpose.” He gently pushed Wesley off of him and rolled onto his side. “I don’t want you to go, but I’m not going to ask you to stay.”

“Do you want to?”

“Yes.”

Wesley wrapped his arms around Will and kissed him. It was gentle and sweet, and Wesley kept it that way. He could tell that Wesley had no intention of taking things further, and Will was okay with that. He just held Wesley tightly as they continued to kiss.

The fire crackled beside them, the waves crashed into the shore, and the moon shown down on them. He stopped kissing Wesley so that he could bury his nose in Wesley’s neck, and fell asleep with Wesley’s arms wrapped around him.

*****

Will woke up on his back, Wesley’s hand under his shirt, stroking through his chest hair, his head resting on Will’s shoulder. He didn’t know how much time had passed, how much longer they had until Wes had to leave.

“We should get back, Wes.”

“Don’t worry, Will. We’ve only been here for a few hours.”

“How do you know that?”

“I didn’t sleep.”

He felt Wes shift beside him, and then his face was hovering over Will’s. “How are you feeling.”

“Better, but not great.” He looked Wes in the eye. “I’m so sorry.”

“I know. I am too.”

Wesley moved out of the way as Will tried to sit up. The world started to spin and he groaned.

“You’re not gonna hurl, are you?” Wesley was sitting next to him, his arm around Will’s shoulders.

“No, I’ll be fine.” The spinning finally stopped after a few minutes, and he managed to get himself up onto his feet. Wesley did the same beside him, and they both gathered up the blankets.

When they got back to their quarters, the first thing he did was brush his teeth. He could still taste the alcohol from last night. Wesley joined him in the head, brushing his own teeth next to Will. He looked so sad and miserable, and Will knew that no matter what he did, Wes would be leaving here sad, but he hoped that Wes wouldn’t leave here feeling like the word had ended.

He stripped off his clothes and headed for the shower. “You coming?” he asked, not even bothering to turn around. He smiled when he heard Wesley stripping behind him. He turned the water on hot, and when Wes got into the shower, he pushed him against the wall and kissed him, the hot water running down their bodies. He kissed Wesley until they were both breathless, chests heaving as they tried to catch their breath.

Showered, dried, and dressed, they sat on their bed, the bed that Will was so used to sharing with Wesley, the bed that he would have to sleep alone in now. Wesley’s duffel was sitting next to him, the dildo in his hands. He was staring off at nothing.

He wished he had something else for Wesley, but what else could he send him off with? A ring? As much as he wanted to, it was too soon for that. They had no pictures of them together because of the secrecy. No, there was nothing he could send Wesley off with except his love.

He took the dildo out of Wesley’s hand and put it in the duffel. “It’s time to go.”

“I know.”

“I don’t want to go.”

“I know.”

Wesley looked up at him. “I wonder how long it’ll be before we see each other again.”

“Hey,” he said, pulling Wes into his arms. “Try not to think of it that way. It’s gonna be okay. It’s not forever.”

“But it might be a long time.”

“Wes, don’t do this.” He ran a hand up and down Wesley’s back, and placed a kiss to the top of his head. When Wesley had gotten himself under control, Will got off the bed and pulled Wesley with him. Things would only be worse if they dragged this out.

Wesley grabbed his duffel and followed Will out. “Oh, hang on a sec. I just thought of something. I’ll be right back.”

Will waited a couple of minutes while Wes did whatever it was he was doing, and then they were heading off to the transporter room.

Beverly, Data, Worf, Geordi, and Picard were all there, with Miles, of course, manning the transporter. He watched as everyone said goodbye to Wesley, and when it was Will’s turn, Will worried that Wesley would just ignore him, or just say goodbye and not even give him a hug.

Wesley looked at him, and for a minute, Will worried that he might be right, but Wesley dropped his duffel and ran up to Will, throwing his arms around him.

“I love you, Will.”

“I love you too, baby.”

They held each other tight, and Will could feel tears running down his neck. He didn’t know if they were his or Wesley’s. Or maybe it was both of theirs.

“You have to go, Wes.”

“I’m going to miss you so much.”

“I know. I’m going to miss you too.”

He moved his hands up to cup Wesley’s face, kissing him sweetly, before finally letting him go. He stayed until Wesley was gone, and then headed back to his quarters, alone. He got to his bedroom and saw a stuffed bear sitting on the bed. When he got closer, he saw a folded piece of paper with his name written on it, leaning against the bear.

Will kept old stationary products around, and Wesley must have found his stash. He sat on the bed and opened the note.

Will-
I know the bear is silly, but I have one too.
Now you don’t have to sleep alone if you
don’t want to. I just wanted you to know
that I love you and I’m going to miss you.

-Wesley

Will chuckled even as tears streamed down his face. Leave it to Wesley to think of something like a stuffed bear to sleep with. He refolded the note and set it next to the bed. He picked up the bear and just held it. “I’ll miss you too, Wes,” he said to the empty room. “I’ll miss you too.”