SON RAPES MOTHER - Or So He Thought!

By satinshirt@hotmail.co.uk


Every Saturday night my mother gets dressed up and goes out dancing with her best friend Yvonne, and every Sunday morning she returns home at around 2.30am extremely drunk. Being too drunk to get up the stairs to her bedroom, she normally passes out in the lounge where she stays until she wakes later that day. Sometimes I come downstairs in the morning and find my mother in various states of undress. In the past I have found her with her shiny satin blouse unbuttoned and her silky slip or camisole exposed. I have found her bra-less with her breasts exposed and her skirt up around her waist with her silky satin panties on show. On one occasion I even found her totally naked sprawled out on the kitchen floor.

My mother is a stunningly attractive 34 year old woman who can easily pass for 24. At 16 years old I am often mistaken for her younger brother as no one who doesn't know my mother believes she is old enough to have a son of my age.

**************************************

My heart was pounding as I nervously sat in my room waiting for my mother to return home from her night out. My cock grew hard as I admired my own reflection in the mirror, dressed in my mother's clothes. I had secretly been cross-dressing for several months now, especially every Saturday night when my mother went out. Sometimes I would even wear one of her long satin nightdresses to bed whilst fantasizing about her. For the last few months I had been fantasizing about fucking my mother and trying to build up enough courage to do it. Tonight was the night I was actually going to carry out my plan. It wasn't long before I heard my mother return home. At about 2.30am I heard the front door slam and my mother entered the lounge. I sat at the top of the stairs trembling, listening to whatever I could hear. After about 15 minutes there was complete silence. I crept downstairs as silently as I could trying not to be detected, just in case my mother was still awake. I peered around the open door and saw my mother slumped in the armchair fast asleep. She looked absolutely stunning in a red and black satin wrap around dress, tied at the waist with thin ribbon straps. Her breasts were pushing hard against the tight dress making her nipples stick out through the thin flimsy material. I walked into the lounge and admired myself in the mirror dressed in my mother's slinky red satin blouse and black satin pleated flared skirt. I rubbed my hands up and down the silky red satin blouse feeling it slide over the black satin full-slip I had on underneath. My cock grew harder as I became more and more aroused at the sight of my attractive mother in her lovely satin dress and my own reflection in the mirror in her shimmering red satin blouse. I lifted my mother onto the floor so I could position myself over her more easily. I pulled at the thin delicate ribbons holding her dress shut and her dress fell open to the sides exposing her lovely red satin full-slip with pretty delicate lace trim around the bust and hem. I pushed her satin slip up around her waist and took hold of her matching red satin panties and pulled them down around her ankles, then removed them completely. The sight of my mother's shaven pussy was too much for me to resist, I was even more determined now than ever to fuck my pretty mum. I pulled up my black satin skirt and black satin slip to get my cock out, then I positioned myself between my mother's legs and slid my hard erect cock inside her juicy wet pussy. As I started to pound my mother's pussy, pumping my cock in and out of her wet cunt, I watched as her large firm breasts bounced back and forth under her tight red satin full-slip. The excitement was too much for me and it wasn't long before I pumped my mother's cunt full of my baby making sperm. I left my mother on the floor with her dress still open and her silky satin slip up around her waist, her legs spread wide apart and her red satin knickers on the floor beside her. I went back upstairs to my room. I kept my mother's red satin blouse and black satin skirt on, not caring if they got wrinkled or creased as I climbed into bed and went to sleep.

In the morning I got up and changed my clothes, putting my mother's skirt, blouse and slip back in the laundry basket where I had found them. Then I went downstairs to have breakfast. I tried to act as natural as possible so my mother didn't suspect anything. As I entered the kitchen I was surprised to see my mother already up and eating breakfast. She was sitting at the breakfast table in just her red satin full-slip, the same one she had worn the night before. My mother never ever sat at the breakfast table in just her slip or nightie, she would either be fully dressed or at least wear a long satin robe. As I glanced at my mother, I noticed a pair of pretty red satin knickers in a dish on the breakfast table, the same ones she had worn the night before. I pretended not to notice my mother's silky knickers on the table as I sat down.

"Hi mum, did you have a good time last night?" I asked.

"Yes, thank you sweetheart, I did. How about you?" asked mum.

"How about me what? I asked.

"Did you have a good time too? she asked again.

"Oh! I just stayed in and watched the TV all night," I told her. She smiled sweetly at me as she pushed the dish towards me, containing her pretty red satin knickers.

"I meant did you have a good time fucking me when I came home?" said my mother. My heart began to race, pounding harder and harder. A huge lump grew in my throat stopping me from answering. I didn't know how to react or what to say. How did she know? I asked myself, she was unconscious, or so I had thought.

"Oh I'm sorry honey, have I embarrassed you?" said my mother. "There's no need to be, it was nice, I really enjoyed having my little boy's cock inside me. My only regret was that it was over so quickly," continued my mum. I sat staring at my mother's silky red satin knickers in the dish on the table in front of me, not knowing how to respond and not wanting to look up at her.

"Oh my poor darling, look at you!... You don't know how to react because I know your dirty little secret. Did you really think you could rape me in my sleep and think I wouldn't know?.... It's okay, really it is.... I enjoyed you sliding your cock in and out of my pussy, but I wasn't asleep. Please baby, look at mummy, look me in the eyes sweetheart." I looked up at my mother not knowing what to say or what to do.

"That's better. Do you like mummy in her pretty red satin slip?" she asked, rubbing her hands over her breasts and down her stomach. I nodded yes.

"Would you like to fuck mummy again, but this time do it properly. Would you like to make love to your mummy in her bed?" she asked. I coughed to clear my throat.

"Y-y-y-yes!" I stammered. "I would love to fuck you again as long as you wear something satin for me," I replied.

"Of course I will, I'll wear whatever you want me to wear. You can even dress up in my clothes again if it pleases you. I didn't get the chance to look at you properly in my black satin skirt and red satin blouse."

Damn! I had been well and truly caught.



