James came through the door to Alec's room, and dropped the bag from the bookshop on the counter. "What did you say to her?"

Then he turned, and got a glimpse at the look on Alec's face. Expression pinched, eyes sunken -- he looked like he'd aged a decade in the past four hours. James felt the last of his fury drain from him. "Alec -- what's wrong?"

"Nothing -- I'm just -- I'm glad you're ho -- I'm glad you're back." His lips rictused back into a hideous parody of a smile.

"Alec, talk to me." He approached cautiously, afraid of making Alec shut down. "Tell me what's wrong. Please."

"I just -- I dropped my book."

James bent down to retrieve it, but instead of handing it over, he set it on the table. Then he bent over Alec and kissed him gently on the lips.

To his surprise, Alec turned his head away. "Don't. Please. Not like that. Not like this."

"Then like what?"

"I don't know." James heard something very close to despair in Alec's voice. "Just please, please don't leave me again. Make the doctor spend the night -- tie her up and put her in the closet if you want -- I don't care, but just don't leave me alone again. Please ... "

"I won't, shh, I won't." He slid one arm under Alec's head, drawing him up closer. Held him until the trembling stopped and the tension eased out of him.

What the hell happened to him? He shifted, brought his hand up to rest on Alec's cheek as he backed away, so he could see Alec's face. "Talk to me, Alec."

"I'm all right." Alec opened his eyes, looked around. "Where's the doctor?"

"In the closet?" James teased. But then he sighed, pulled out the letter, and watched Alec as he read it, watching him carefully, trying to see every nuance of expression. Would he be relieved -- or would he see it as more isolation? But Alec's expression was unreadable.

"What did you say to her?" James asked again.

"Say to her?" Alec smirked up at him. "As I recall, you were the last one who ... " 
James blinked, forgetting for just a moment that he was supposed to have slept with the doctor; just a moment's slip, but it was enough. Alec's expression suddenly grew canny. "You didn't, did you?"

"Of course I did -- you can't think I -- "

But Alec was suddenly laughing, so hard he shook. Head tossed back, eyes leaking tears; James had the sudden, horrible thought he'd finally snapped. "Alec, are you -- "

When Alec finally managed to stop laughing long enough to catch his breath, his smirk was back. "What's so funny?" James asked, suddenly irritated.

"You," Alec said. "Trying to make me jealous."

"What of it?"

"If you're trying to make me jealous ... it can only mean that you are getting jealous."

That hit a bit too close to home. James looked away, fighting his anger down. It wouldn't do any good to rail at Alec, wouldn't do any good to try and frighten him. Time to switch tactics -- but to what?

To stall, he pulled Alec's watch out of his pocket. "She left this for you."

Alec smiled, and held out his wrist. "Put it on me?"

James complied, first removing his own watch, then buckling Alec's watch onto his wrist, letting his hand rest longer than necessary, until he could feel Alec's pulse, steady beneath his fingertips. He felt Alec's heart rate speed up, saw him take a deep breath.

"She also said that you could get out of the back brace now, and the casts in another two weeks. Though you'll still need to keep your arm in a sling for another month, to protect your collarbone."

"Out of the brace -- " Alec grinned, and began fumbling at the buckle. He undid the top two, but couldn't quite manage the lower ones, between the angle and the weakness in his fingers. James unbuckled them, and then leaned down to lift Alec out of the brace.

Alec slid his arm up around James's waist and nuzzled his neck. The contact sent a shiver through James, and he felt himself getting hard. He pulled the brace out from under Alec and let it clatter to the floor, then wrapped his arm back around Alec. He dropped his head to kiss Alec on the lips. Found the lips parted, and dipped the tip of his tongue inside.

Alec moaned into his mouth, and arched against him. James felt fingers tugging at the hem of his shirt, pulling it out of the waistband of his slacks, and then he felt Alec's hand on the bare skin of his back, sending shivers through him.

James managed to pull back long enough to gasp "we shouldn't" but that only gave Alec and opportunity to get his hand between them and start to fumble open the buttons that held James's shirt closed.

"Want this," Alec panted. "Want to feel you against me, skin on skin, I've been so cold for so long -- "

James had an idea. "Lie back -- "

"No. Please." He clutched at James, but James managed to extricate himself. He pulled off his shirt, which got a smile -- but then he reached under the gurney and lowered it to the ground. Then he pulled his own mattress over beside the gurney, making what was almost a bed, and knelt down. Then he pulled Alec into his arms again. It was still awkward; the cast on Alec's legs came up to his waist, so he couldn't really sit all the way up -- but it was more contact than they'd had.

Alec's arm slid around his waist, then up his back to clutch between his shoulder blades. James kissed Alec, and suddenly, Alec's fingernails were digging into him, a little bit of pain to add to the pleasure of Alec's tongue skittering along the edge of his lower lip. James drew back for only a moment, then kissed Alec again. And again, and again, until they were both breathless.

He drew back for a moment, held Alec at arms' length to catch his breath. Alec smirked at him, and reached out again -- for his belt buckle, this time.

"Don't," James said. "You don't have to -- "

But then Alec managed to get his belt open, and started to work on his fly. James thought for a moment about stopping him, but then it was too late, and Alec's fingers slipped inside, over the top of his briefs, and wrapped around his cock, drawing a moan from him. He held Alec closer.

"Prop me up," Alec whispered.

James ducked away long enough to comply; he put the head portion of the gurney up. He straddled Alec, feet on either side of the unyielding plaster whiteness of the casts, and kissed him again. Felt Alec's fingers wrap around his cock again, stroking him until he was hard. Then Alec got a grip on his briefs, and began to tug him upward.

"What are you -- "

"Want to taste you," Alec moaned. "God, it's been so long -- "

James kissed Alec again, hard enough to press him back into the mattress. Shifted his weight, trying to give Alec more access -- but the mattress was slick plastic and damp with sweat, and his hand slipped down and banged on Alec's collarbone.

Alec yelped in startled pain, and let out a string of curses.

"Alec -- God, I'm so sorry! Here, let me see ... "

"S'not bad," Alec muttered, but James tilted his head away and probed anyway. Ran his thumb along the collarbone, feeling for any sign that it had re-broken. Alec winced, but didn't cry out again.

"It looks all right," James said, though he wished he had the doctor here for a second opinion. Of course, if the doctor was here, it wouldn't have happened. "I don't think I did any damage."

"Unless you count killing the mood," Alec grumbled.

James zipped up his fly and buckled his belt, but then lowered himself back down to lean on the head of the gurney. He slid one arm below Alec's back, and pulled him into the circle of his arms. Alec let out a long breath, and the last of the tension seemed to leave him.

Was this, James wondered, what all that had been about? Getting him close, with sex just the pretext? "If you want to be held," he murmured, "all you have to do is ask."

"And what if I just want sex?" Alec asked; James couldn't tell from his voice if he was teasing James or trying to make light of his own weakness.

"Then I suppose you'll just have to wait for the casts to come off. It'll be safer that way."

"Oh." Alec let out a resigned sigh. "Well, it looks like it's going to be a long two weeks."