Sam is almost certain that they’re going to be screwed before they even get inside the Arena: too used to things going wrong to really consider the possibility of something going right for once. But there’s no wail of alarms when Bela sways past the metal detectors on Sam’s arm, and Vincent’s security team remain in their semi-relaxed postures. Sam isn’t sure if that’s Ash doing his job and mucking with the security systems or if it’s the cigarette case where Bela stashed their two-way radios before leaving the room. Either way, they made it past their first hurdle, and he relaxes minutely.

Maybe this is going to work after all.

“See?” Bela purrs into his ear on the elevator ride down. “No problem.”

Sam pulls her closer with one arm as he nuzzles her hair, using his body to hide the fact that she’s slipping one of the radios—earpiece and microphone both—into his jacket pocket. They get an annoyed look from one of the two elderly women sharing the car with them. It’s ludicrous that anyone coming here can be so prudish about such a mild display of affection, but there’s no mistaking the disapproval in the woman’s pursed lips.

Sam offers her his best ‘eat-shit-and-die’ smile—the one he learned from Dean—before pulling Bela’s head back by the hair and shoving his tongue into her mouth. She lets him, of course—doesn’t have much choice in the matter—but she uses the opportunity to bite his lip and digs her nails into the skin at the back of his neck. Kissing a rattlesnake would probably be more fun, but Sam has never swerved away from a challenge so he just twists his hand in her hair and bites back.

He keeps his eyes on the elderly woman while he fights for control of the kiss and is filled with a gratifying rush of satisfaction when she flushes and looks away, diamond earrings swinging. A moment later, the elevator door opens and the two women file out. Sam finally lets Bela break the kiss.

The color is high in her cheeks and her eyes spark anger. Her hands twitch with the urge to slap him. Or maybe she’s wishing that they felt secure enough in Ash’s abilities to bring in a couple of guns.

“What the hell was that?” she hisses.

Sam shrugs. “I didn’t like the way that woman was looking at us. Thought I’d give her a show.”

Bela stares at him for another moment, disbelief warring with something flinching—fearshamedisgust—and then breaks past him. Her movements are abnormally skittish and as Sam follows more slowly he realizes that he didn’t kiss her because he wanted to piss off the nameless, hypocritical woman. No, he kissed Bela because he knew it would get to her. He did it out of cruelty.

Breaking out into a cold sweat, he checks in his head and sure enough, there’s a trickle of power leaking into his thoughts. He’s tapping it unconsciously now, like a kid sitting on the edge of a dock and flicking the water with his toes.

Damn it. God damn it all to hell.

There’s that cold laugh again, him and yet not him, and Sam rubs one hand across his mouth. As he and Bela approach their box, he shoves the power back and does his best to seal it away. Thinks of the wolf’s offer to save him and wonders if there’s a point of no return. He’s pretty sure that there is, and encouraging his powers these last few days has him approaching it at a sprint.

Just a few more hours and I never have to touch it again, he reminds himself as he sits down next to Bela.

Bela doesn’t acknowledge him, staring down at the empty cage with her back stiff and her face set in a rigid smile that Sam doesn’t buy for a minute. Even though he knows that she helped put Dean here—that she’s almost undoubtedly planning something and has the morals of a backstabbing thief—he almost feels sorry for her. Whatever else she is, Bela’s still a person, and she’s been sleeping with Vincent in order to help rescue Dean.

As much as she pretends to view her body as just another weapon, Sam suspects that she’s not as hardened on that front as she’d like to be.

“I’m sorry,” he offers. “I’m on edge. I shouldn’t have done that.”

Bela lifts one hand in a wave to someone across the arena and mutters back, “Try it again and I will castrate you.”

“Fair enough,” Sam agrees.

It isn’t long before the show starts, and Sam finds himself slipping back into game-mode. It’s actually easier to ignore his nerves and the constant underplay of guilt now that he has to devote some of his attention to keeping the power locked down; playing warden in his own mind has him too busy to worry about much of anything. Sam watches blood spill and flesh bruise and is mostly calm, with only the faintest thrum of nerves as he waits for Dean’s fight: as he waits to see if Dean will be left in any condition to be moved after what is hopefully his last time in the cage.

When Vincent strolls onto the mat—beard neatly trimmed and wearing a cotton candy blue suit—Sam sits up a little straighter. Vincent gives a wave at the applause his entrance brings, flashing his smile around in a wide circle. He waits for the clapping to die down and then says, “I bid you all welcome, and I trust that you’re enjoying yourselves.”

Although there’s no questioning lilt to his words, a smattering of applause answers him in the affirmative. Vincent’s smile stretches even wider, shark-like, and he nods.

“Wonderful. On to the main event, then, shall we?”

There’s a soft, mechanical click and the harsh white floodlights soften to amber. The tint clashes with Vincent’s suit, turning it an ugly brown color. Then again, Sam’s pretty sure that Vincent isn’t who the lighting change was designed to compliment.

“From the farthest reaches of time and myth,” Vincent intones, “Comes the echo of hungry howls. Comes a warrior of the tooth and the claw: one who knows the red rush of the berserkergang. The legend made flesh. The Fenrir.”

He sweeps his hand out in a grand gesture and Dean is led into the cage, chained and collared. The tinted light catches in his dark hair and makes his pale skin gleam honey gold. He’s beautiful, so beautiful that it makes Sam’s chest hurt to look at him, and from the murmurs that sweep through the audience, he isn’t the only one who appreciates the view.

How many of the people here tonight have seen more than just his brother’s bare chest? How many of them have laid their hands on his soft, pale skin? How many have pressed their mouths to his lips?

Digging his fingers into the arms of his chair, Sam deliberately blanks his face and mind. He watches as Dean is led to Vincent’s side and made to kneel, head bowed to display the tattoo between his shoulder blades. The chains are removed but the collar stays: a heavy metal band across his throat.

“I have caged his power with my mark, and he is mine to command,” Vincent recites, sliding his hand through Dean’s hair. “Tonight, he fights not for you or I, but for the gods of old.”

Bela swears under her breath, but Sam can’t tear his eyes from the scene beneath him to look at her.

Dean rises to his feet in a smooth motion as the two men who led him in return. They’re each carrying a single, iron-grey glove, and Sam can tell by the way that they’re carrying them with two hands, and by the way their muscles are tensed, that the gloves are heavy.

No, he corrects himself as the men approach the center of the mat. Not gloves: weapons.

Three long, curving blades protrude from the knuckles of the gloves, and despite the resemblance it isn’t Wolverine that Sam thinks of but the story Dean told him about how he was infected. About the near-insane berserker with his homemade wolf claws. This pair is for Dean, though, and that makes Sam nervous.

Given what Dean is capable of, providing him with weapons is just going to overbalance a playing field that was already ludicrously uneven. It doesn’t make any sense: not unless Dean is going to be fighting something that’s just as strong as he is. Sam can’t even begin to imagine what Vincent got his hands on that could give his brother a run for his money, let alone necessitate arming him.

But Dean holds out first one hand and then the other and the gloves are strapped into place. He clenches his hands into fists and then opens them again. Drops his head and stands there, waiting.

“A man with the soul of a beast and a wolf’s claws,” Vincent says, resting one hand on the small of Dean’s back. “Do you see him, ladies and gentlemen? Is he not marvelous?”

There’s another murmur from the audience, half agreement and half hunger—for blood, for Dean, for a stomach-turning combination of the two—and Dean is suddenly as tense as a dog on point. His head snaps up, jaw tight and eyes gleaming. Despite the timing, Sam knows instantly that his brother isn’t reacting to the crowd. No, Dean has caught sight (scent) of his opponent for the night and is watching them approach.

Vincent follows the path of Dean’s gaze with his own eyes and his mouth curves up in a predatory smile as he continues, “Yet there are more things in Heaven and Earth … and in Hell …”

And Sam knows, even before Dean’s opponent finally steps into the light. Everything he’s been straining to piece together for the last four days snaps into place with an abruptness that leaves him breathless.

The salt lining the path from the elevator and ringing the cage.

Vincent’s promise that he found something for Dean to fight that was as impressive as another berserker.

Dean’s urgent need to get Sam out of the Arena, to keep him away, to protect him.

Meg’s mocking announcement that she knew where Dean was, that they all knew … How else could those black-eyed sons of bitches have known?

Vincent said he found something for Dean to fight that was just as impressive as another berserker and he wasn’t lying.

The door that’s been nagging Sam ever since he first saw it—the door on the eleventh level marked Yggdrasil—appears before him again. This time, it swings open to reveal an impossible patch of forest. Grass carpets the floor, and several young oak trees stretch up toward the sky. Thick bushes spring up between the trees, and there are even a few clumps of violet wildflowers.

The illusion of looking through a portal to some distant place lasts for all of a second and then Sam spots the dull green walls, and realizes that the ‘sky’ is nothing more than a ceiling that’s been painted blue. UV lamps are mounted at the top of the walls and span the ceiling in five long strips. The middle strip is bisected by a square hole.

Sam flows into that hole and is drawn up through the long, metal shaft beyond. Faster and faster he hurtles, until he finally shatters through the glass at the top of the shaft and emerges into the night sky. The moon fills his gaze for a single moment, round and bright and tinged a sickly maroon color, and then he plunges back down into the false forest.

The room is different now: all the overhead lights turned off and a bonfire burning beneath the shaft. A naked man kneels beside the fire with the body of a rabbit in his hands and a fresh knife wound over his heart. Sam is in time to catch the last few words of ritual, and then the fire explodes, enveloping the man’s body for a moment before roaring up the shaft in a cyclone.

For a single beat of Sam’s heart, the room is still. Then black smoke seeps in through the joins in the walls. The man looks at the smoke, confused, and then drops the rabbit as it spears toward him. As the smoke—the demon—funnels inside the man’s mouth, the vision releases Sam and leaves him gaping sightlessly down at the cage.

Oh God, how could he have been so blind? He’s been trying to figure out for days why berserkers stopped using the original ritual and he had the answer the entire fucking time: he saw it.

It can take days for an open summons like that to reach a compatible animal spirit.

Demons are far less picky.

It must have taken them a while to figure out what the animal spirits were doing, and how, but demons are nothing if not persistent. And when they finally realized what was going on, it would have been child’s play for them to watch for one of those broad, open-ended calls and answer before anything else could.

Vincent, who knows enough lore to understand the difference between the original ritual and the pale imitation commonly used today, would have found that out for himself when he tried to secure himself a second berserker of Dean’s caliber.

Sam doesn’t know how Vincent survived that first demon. Dumb luck, probably. Vincent’s a cautious man; he would have put more protections in place than he thought he’d need. And at least one of those protections was strong enough to hold the demon until Vincent figured out what he was dealing with.

Did Vincent put Dean in the cage with his accidental acquisition because he knew about the war? Sam doesn’t think it’s likely: not unless Bela let the man read her copy of Tyr’s Bible. No, in his economical way, Vincent just decided that two supernatural creatures fighting to the death would make for good entertainment.

The show must have exceeded his expectations for him to have continued summoning demons.

Where the hell is he keeping them? Sam wonders, and then realizes that there’s only one place in the Arena that Vincent possibly can be keeping them: only one place that seemed to have no purpose when they were looking at the floor plans. Looks like those rooms on the twelfth floor aren’t as empty as Sam thought.

No wonder Dean freaked out when Sam mentioned going down there with him.

“Jesus,” he breathes, shaken.

“It isn’t a problem,” Bela says quickly. “They won’t get in the way: I checked.”

“You knew,” Sam says. It shouldn’t be a surprise after everything else she’s lied to him about, but somehow it is. “You fucking knew that they were here!”

Bela starts to stammer out an excuse, but Sam isn’t paying any attention to her. He’s too intent on the two men being ushered into the cage. No, not men: demons. Even from this height, he can make out the black pools of their eyes.

The demons are bare-chested like Dean, and also wear those loose fighting pants—red and gold to Dean’s black. Identical brands mark their chests just above the right nipple: burn scars in the shape of a ring with a line bisecting one edge. Vincent’s mark of ownership, maybe.

The handcuffs around the demons’ wrists are also decorated with symbols: Sumerian, Sam thinks, but he can’t be sure without a closer look. Either those cuffs are restraining the demons’ powers or they’ve agreed to this, because they aren’t attacking the men shoving them forward, or Vincent, or (most importantly) Dean.

They’re well aware of Dean’s presence, though, staring at him with an intensity that borders on fanaticism. Their faces twist in cruel hunger, and almost as soon as he identifies the expression, Sam realizes that he can actually taste their hatred on the back of his tongue: warm and coppery like blood. If he weren’t holding his power down with all the strength he can muster, that loathing would be inside of him instead of just lapping up against him like waves on a shore: an instinctive hatred that he’s gained along with his powers from the demon blood running through his veins.

Dean is shivering in the center of the ring, but not from fear. His entire body is quivering with the need to attack, to rend, to tear. His eyes burn so brightly they’re molten, dripping fire and flame and fury. His lips are drawn back from his teeth in a snarl, and Sam is almost surprised to see flat incisors instead of a wolf’s sharp canines.

Vincent’s hand slips up Dean’s back and curls around his neck. His fingers dig into Dean’s skin above the metal collar, his thumb below. Sam has no doubt that the hold is meant as a reminder to wait.

“… just have worried you. They aren’t a problem. They aren’t, Sam.” Bela. Still yammering on in his ear and sounding more and more worried that he’s going to do something stupid. As though he’s angry that she concealed this from him.

Well, Sam isn’t angry. He’s furious. Not just with her, either, but with Dean. Dean, who still thinks he knows best even after his last attempt to decide what Sam should and shouldn’t know landed him here in the first place.

“Shut the fuck up,” Sam grates out, and for a miracle Bela does.

It isn’t that Sam is worried the demons are going to be a problem. It’s that, if he’d only known they were here, he could have gotten Dean out days ago. If all of those rooms on the twelfth floor are occupied, then Sam could have razed the building to the ground and left nothing more than a smoking crater and some charred bones behind.

No, he corrects himself with difficulty. I would have tried and it would have backfired. I would have killed Dean.

Hell, he thought it himself a moment ago: if he the dark power hadn’t been shoved into the farthest corner of his mind, then the demons’ hatred of (meat mongrels) berserkers would be infecting him as well. And in order to control the demons, Sam would need to center himself in that darkness: would need to open his soul and mind to that hostile, violent taint.

He wants to think that he would be able to resist for Dean—for his brother whom he loves—but he knows better. If that hatred ever catches hold of him, he won’t be able to see anything but the animal spirit beneath Dean’s skin. Won’t be able to do anything but rip through all that meat in an attempt to get at the spirit inside.

None of that makes Sam any happier about being lied to again, of course, but the knowledge of what might have happened—what he might have done—is sobering enough that he’s able to focus on the rest of Vincent’s introduction.

“He is the moon,” Vincent says, “And they the hollow black of night. He is everything warm and alive. They are the chill cold of death. Fire against frost, light against dark, gold against black. Their war is endless, and this but another small skirmish on the battlegrounds of eternity.”

Sam isn’t sure how long Vincent would have gone on in that vein, but Dean moves restlessly under his hand, shifting forward before settling back again. It’s obvious that he won’t be delayed much longer.

“Tonight,” Vincent calls, pitching his voice louder, “There is no choice: no restraint. This is the bloodied plain called Vigrid, and Ragnarök is nigh.” He permits himself a pause, scanning the audience, and then intones, “To the death.”

“To the death,” comes an answering murmur from the crowd. It has the feel of ritual, words worn familiar through repetition.

Sam isn’t surprised. Just seeing Dean and the demons stand across from one another is more of a show than he’s seen since he got here. Vincent could just toss them all into the cage and say ‘go’ and there would still be an awful magnificence to the ensuing fight. Although he doesn’t know it, this is what Vincent claimed—one battle among many in a war that has no end in sight—and it reeks of mystical energy.

Dean’s chest visibly rises and falls as Vincent hurries from the cage. Sam can see the sheen of sweat across his brother’s forehead. The tension in the room is thick and horrible, like those last few seconds before a fatal car wreck, and Sam just wants it over, he wants it fucking done, wants the meat mongrel dead—

No. 

Raising a shaking hand to his forehead, Sam concentrates and pushes the power back. It takes more effort this time. The darkness inside of him is growing at an alarming rate, strengthening, and his proximity to the demons below isn’t helping his control either. Something in them resonates with the darkness, urging it forward without Sam’s permission.

The clang the cage door makes when it shuts behind Vincent echoes in the room. For a few heartbeats, everything is still and silent, and then the cuffs on the demons’ wrists open and fall to the mat.

Sam has seen his brother take on more opponents than this while he was blindfolded, but those fighters were human. Now, although Dean is armed and the demons aren’t—although he was straining forward throughout Vincent’s introductions—he gives way before the demons’ advance. The demons split up, giving chase in a leisurely fashion that is completely at odds with the hatred radiating from them.

Dean avoids the demons with effortless grace until they pick up the pace, and even then it’s like watching a strange, intricate dance. The crowd should be bored—no blood, no contact—but instead anticipation fills the room with a sharp, copper tang. Sam isn’t immune to it himself tonight: half-caught by the demons’ bloodlust, he leans forward in his seat and curls his hands on the railing.

One of the demons—the blond in the red pants—cuts sharply to the left and for a moment Sam thinks that Dean is finally going to get hit. His brother breaks right at the last moment and Blondie’s punch passes through the air a few inches from Dean’s face.

Blondie corrects and turns to pursue, tossing a glance at the second demon as it sprints after Dean. Both of them alter their courses slightly and Sam can tell that, just as they have a dozen times before, they’re going to try boxing Dean in against the side of the cage.

This time, though, Dean charges instead of trying to slip between them. His right hand lashes out and the metal claws of the glove gore the dark-haired demon’s shoulder. It howls in pain, but that doesn’t stop it from driving a fist into Dean’s face in return. Hurled backward by the blow, Dean fetches up heavily against the side of the cage and drops to his knees.

The sight of Dean flying through the air makes Sam frown from more than just concern. He saw his brother hurled like that before—by Meg, and then by the yellow-eyed demon—and they didn’t need to strike Dean to make that happen. Sam was too caught up in holding off the creeping hatred to think about it before, but now he has to wonder why the demons aren’t using their power to fling Dean against the cage and hold him there. Why they aren’t bleeding him out with a look, or crushing him against the metal mesh with the unrelenting weight of Hell.

Below, Dean picks himself up and dodges to the side just in time to avoid being tackled to the mat again. Sam’s confusion deepens. His brother is moving even slower than the other two times Sam watched him fight, and that doesn’t make any sense at all. Faced with real opponents, Dean should be moving faster: should be approaching that blur of speed Sam saw in the Gymnasium.

Then Blondie connects with a punch hard enough to open Dean’s brow and the darkness inside of Sam vibrates like a plucked string. Before Dean hits the mat, halfway across the cage from where Blondie punched him, Sam’s eyes widen in understanding. His breath huffs out in a surprised grunt.

The demons are using their power: it just isn’t working. Somehow, Dean is using the wolf to shield himself. Whatever he’s doing is effective enough to keep the demons from pinning him against the side of the cage like a bug on a windshield, but it’s taking a toll on his body. Slowing him. Weakening him.

There are two battles going on down there—one physical and one purely mental—and the invisible battle is going to decide this fight.

Dean drags his forearm quickly across his brow, wiping some of the blood clear, but Sam can tell it’s getting in his brother’s left eye anyway. The demons notice as well and switch strategies: one of them holding Dean’s attention while the other comes in at his blind side and lands a punch or a kick that sends him sprawling.

If this keeps up much longer then Dean won’t be in any kind of shape to make a run for it tonight.

The concern that tightens Sam’s mouth finally blocks out the power’s call enough that he can focus almost exclusively on the fight. It only takes him a few minutes to see that the demons are toying with his brother the way that Dean toyed with Basu. Amusement curls their lips into hateful sneers as they land blow after blow, and each time Dean is a little slower getting to his feet.

Sam knows Vincent would never let Dean be killed, but that doesn’t stop him from sucking in a sharp breath as the dark-haired demon closes in on Dean’s left side. There’s a deliberateness to the other demon’s movements that tells Sam this isn’t a game anymore—it’s going to hit Dean hard: hit him with the intent to incapacitate him. And although Dean has to know what the demons are doing by now, he can’t afford to take his eyes off of Blondie. Thoughts of concussions and brain damage shoot through Sam’s head as his brother is driven back toward the waiting demon, and he clutches the railing helplessly.

Within striking distance now, the dark-haired demon raises its hand. It pivots to put its entire weight behind the coming blow, and Dean spins without warning. Thrusting his fist out in front of him, he drives the metal claws deep into the demon’s stomach. At the same moment, his leg shoots out, delivering a side kick to Blondie’s chest and hurling it across the cage with bone-shattering force.

Sam has never been so relieved to see blood spilled. Now that his brother has shown his hand, he remembers Dean’s first fight: the way he hadn’t needed to see his opponents to track them. Dean has been letting the demons hit him, drawing them close and letting their confidence build so that he could do exactly what he’s doing now.

With a cold grin on his face, Dean yanks the claws to the side. The movement opens the demon’s stomach and spills its guts out in a flopping, red mess. It backs away, trailing intestines as it fights to hold its stomach inside the ruin Dean made of its abdomen. It isn’t anywhere close to being dead, of course, and that only makes the nightmarish scene even more grotesque than it already was.

Sam’s skin crawls as the demon turns, trying to run. An instant later, he has to shut his eyes against the sight of Dean deliberately stepping on a length of intestine in order to halt the demon’s retreat.

The approving roar of the crowd swells around him, warm and familiar, and Sam chances a glance to find his brother slicing up the demon’s chest. On his third pass, one of the metal claws slices through the circular brand and the demon’s mouth immediately opens. Black smoke pours from the man's lips. Dean’s eyes flash triumphantly and, with a burst of that eerie speed, he reaches for the fleeing demon.

Sam expects the smoke to slide right through his brother’s fingers, but instead Dean’s hands sink into the demon as though it’s dense enough to grab. He yanks forward, pulling it free from the man’s mouth and completely ignoring the final, spastic twitches of the abandoned body as it collapses to the mat.

Holding the demon close with his left hand, Dean swipes at it with his right. A gold glow sparks out from his fingers, and Sam knows instinctively that it’s that light that is shredding the demon into black tatters and not the metal, man-made claws.

He gets in almost four strikes before he’s lifted and hurled against the cage.

Sam jumps, startled. Watching Dean disembowel dark-haired demon made him all but forget that his brother had more than one opponent. Blondie is making its presence known now, though: holding Dean up against the side of the cage with its power while it wrenches a dislocated shoulder back into place.

For a moment, Sam can’t figure out why his brother is letting himself be held. Then he takes in Dean’s snarling, red face, and realizes that Dean isn’t ‘letting’ anything happen. Attacking the dark-haired demon in its ethereal form seems to have sapped a great deal of his energy, and he just doesn’t have enough left to fight Blondie’s hold. He can only dangle against the cage wall while bits of congealed black smoke drip from his hands.

What’s left of the dark-haired demon is rapidly melting into a mushy puddle on the mat, but Blondie doesn’t give it so much as a glance as it stalks across the cage toward Dean. Sam is almost certain that the son of a bitch is talking, but he can’t hear it over the crowd and it has its back to him so he can’t read its lips. Which is probably a good thing, considering the way that Dean is closing his eyes and turning his head to one side: denial, maybe, or an attempt to block out the demon’s taunts.

Blondie draws to a stop in front of Dean and trails its fingers through the blood that smears his stomach. Keeping his eyes shut, Dean visibly swallows and clenches his jaw. After almost a minute of that eerie stroking, the demon brings its hand to its mouth. It sucks its fingers one by one until they’re clean again and then reaches for Dean’s right hand.

With slow, methodical movements, Blondie unbuckles first one glove and then the other. The way the weapons drop to the mat with a single thud and lay where they fall tells Sam just how heavy they were, and a detached, cold part of him is amazed that Dean was able to lift them, let alone fight in them.

Dean is unarmed now, and the audience’s shouts die down to silence as the demon goes back to stroking his skin. Perhaps sensing that the noise of the crowd no longer leaves them the illusion of privacy, Blondie leans up on its tiptoes to whisper in Dean’s ear. Dean goes tense and then slumps in a defeated, broken way that makes Sam’s chest ache.

Laughing, Blondie begins to draw back, and that’s when Dean strikes. He can’t move his body, but the demon left him enough leeway to snap his head around. His mouth meets Blondie’s neck and for a heartbeat it looks like Dean is kissing it.

Then Sam sees the spurt of red—hears the demon’s shocked cry—and knows that his brother has sunk his teeth into the damned thing’s neck. Dean shakes his head, worrying at Blondie like a dog with a piece of meat, and a few seconds later he drops back onto his feet. His right hand shoots out, gripping the back of the demon’s head and holding it close: holding it like a lover.

Sam knows the moment Dean tears open Blondie’s jugular: he can smell the explosion of blood as a rush of metal on the air. An instant later, Dean releases the demon and lets it stagger back, one hand to its ruined throat. Dean’s chin and mouth are dripping red, and more blood slicks his chest. Even his teeth are tinted crimson when he grins.

Blondie makes a weak gesture in Dean’s direction, pushing him back a few inches. Neck corded and muscles straining, Dean leans into the power, and after a moment Sam feels something in the room give way slightly as his brother takes a step. Dean pauses, gathering his strength, and then pushes again. Steps forward.

The demon holds for three more steps and then breaks, turning to run. Its heart is still gamely pumping, spilling blood over its fingers and out onto the mat. Sam has no idea how long Blondie is going to be able to keep the host’s body alive when it’s losing this much blood, but it doesn’t show any sign of trying to flee. The other demon didn’t either, he remembers: not even when it was clear its body was dying.

Not until Dean cut through the brand on its chest.

Sam wonders if that mark might be more than just a symbol of Vincent’s domination and then he isn’t thinking about anything except Dean. There isn’t any room inside his mind for anything but the sight of his brother slapping the demon’s hand away from its throat and shoving his own fingers inside the wound.

Blondie strikes at Dean with weak, clumsy blows that he easily ignores. Holding the demon up with his left hand, he reaches deeper inside with his right, shoving his arm down its throat and into its chest until he’s buried in Blondie’s body up to his elbow. Once he’s in deep enough, he starts rooting around.

Sam can’t see his brother’s look of intense concentration clearly from here but he knows it intimately enough to fill in the details. Dean always wore that expression when he was fiddling with the inner workings of anything mechanical: deep furrow between his eyebrows, eyes narrowed until he’s all but squinting, just a hint of tongue poking past his lips.

It’s too much, knowing that Dean is tasting all of that blood—that he’s dispassionately playing with someone’s insides the way he used to tinker with the EMF reader or a particularly tricky lock—and Sam’s throat strains silently. He can’t seem to get any air into his lungs. Fuck, it feels like it’s his chest that Dean is rummaging through, and he can’t watch this anymore. He’s on the verge of moving—maybe to leave, maybe to do something even more disastrous—when Dean’s face finally clears.

Black smoke clings to his fingers as he yanks his arm free. Releasing his hold on Blondie’s shoulder, Dean steps back and more of the demon stretches out from the hole that’s all that remains of his throat. The demon doesn’t look much like smoke anymore. It's changing consistency as Dean pulls it loose: congealing into black, oily taffy that drips and steams under the spotlights.

The blond man’s body collapses finally, but Dean continues to pull until the last, ragged threads trail from the corpse’s throat and slither down onto the mat. He has an armful of the viscous stuff now, and he tightens his grip on it for a moment, that gold light sparking from his fingers and a smell like burnt ozone on the air, before tossing it to the floor. The demon is nothing more than a pulpy lump now, and it twitches once before beginning to dissolve.

There’s a long, endless moment where all that Sam can hear is his own heartbeat pounding through his head and the over-loud echoes of his brother’s labored breathing. The applause that comes doesn’t so much shatter the silence as shove it aside in an almost physical wave. Sam’s ears pop with the force, and Dean flinches below.

Dean is forced to endure the sound, which has to be painful with his hearing as sensitive as it is, for almost two minutes and then cage door opens. He darts through before it’s even finished swinging back and vanishes into the darkness beyond, leaving behind his own bloodied footprints and two mangled corpses. Of the demons, there’s no longer any sign, but Sam knows they didn’t just flit back to Hell. Dean killed them. He ripped them apart with his bare hands.

“Sam?”

Sam can tell from the tone of Bela’s voice that she’s been calling his name for a while. He blinks down at her hand on his arm, glances back to the sodden mat, and then looks up at her face. His smile feels lopsided on his lips, like it wants to slip off and pool on the floor.

“Sam?” she repeats.

Sam unglues his voice and chokes out, “I think I’m going to be sick.”

He isn’t sick, but it’s a near thing. Bela rubs the back of his neck in soothing little circles while the audience files out and Sam closes his eyes and concentrates on the scent of her perfume instead of all the blood and his body calms. His mind is a little more reluctant to let go—mostly because the darkness is demanding to know why he let that happen, why he didn’t help kill the meat mongrel—but eventually it subsides to an unhappy grumble.

“Better?” Bela asks.

Sam opens his eyes to find the stadium all but empty around them and nods. “Yeah. Thanks.”

“Mr. Carver?”

Sam lifts his eyes to the black-suited man who has just stepped around the low wall ringing their seats. “Yeah?”

“The Fenrir is ready for you.”