Zevran has assembled a team of mercenaries, translators, and general travellers, all brought together in a three-wagon caravan. Cauthrien is not exactly sure when he had the time to organize everything. It speaks to plans that must have been set in motion weeks ago, but when she thinks back, she isn't sure anymore how long she'd been languishing in bed before he arrived.

She is sure, however, that the sun is too bright and the air too cold. This can't be summer. She shakes terribly in the days after Zevran drags her from the house she'd rented, huddled in the back of one of the covered wagons.

The first night, she slinks from the comforting dark to the fire in search of a drink. It isn't, she tells herself, that she needs the booze; it's just a social aspect of a military march. But Zevran laughs and says,

"Querida, I regret to inform you- this caravan of ours, it is dry. My liver and nose need a break after so many months traveling with a dwarven berseker brewery. You will understand?"

She mutters an of course, eats half a bowl of stew, and retreats. He lets her go.

She stays hidden from the sun all of the next day and considers hiding through the evening, but she has avoided breakfast and lunch and can't resist when Zevran steps up into the deep shadows with her, holds out a hand, and says,

"Cariña, come. You must be conscious when we reach Jader - at this rate, you will not last until West Hill. Come, drink some water for me, yes? And have some food?"

She can, however, glare and walk past him without a backwards glance.

The third day, she manages to walk in the sunlight; it's overcast and thunder rumbles in the distance. It is summer, she concludes, but her shivering only weakens and does not stop despite the warmth she finally registers. Zevran walks with her until an hour has passed with him chattering nonsense about the court, about her glorious (sunken, dull, glaring) eyes, and ultimately about the weather (focusing by the end on how mud will be unavoidable and disgusting for all the gravel and clay in it). She never responds with more than a look or a grunt. He shrugs and leaves her, disappearing - either into the treeline they follow west or into one of the wagons, she isn't sure.

She doesn't care.

She listens and joins small conversations and come evening she's found who among the caravan doesn't give two shits about Zevran's dry edict.

He's a nice enough man - one of the translators. He's not Orlesian. He's in his fifties, near Loghain's age, and was a soldier in the War of Liberation. He lost a few fingers and his left eye there. A scar crossing his mouth puckers his lip and drags it down, and he slurs and drools even sober, but she has a great deal of respect for him and he for her. He shares his whiskey without any protests and they find a spot behind one of the wagons after the evening meal, leaning back against the wood and taking burning mouthfuls.

He tells her he would have fought for Loghain in the civil war if it weren't for his hand. She's not sure she believes him- he's not really the soldier type and was likely glad to retire. She doesn't doubt his loyalty, though. And in the end, it doesn't matter.

She's feeling delightfully light and unsteady when Zevran finds them. He taps one foot (clad in fine leather he has told her comes directly from Antiva, courtesy of Lady Cousland) and stares down at them. He clears his throat. Cauthrien glares and turns from him, reaching out for the bottle. But her new friend is already on his feet. Her new friend is handing over the bottle.

Zevran considers it, takes a swig himself, then recaps it and hangs it from his belt.

Her new friend (the bastard) apologizes and leaves them alone.

Zevran looks down at her and sighs. He spreads his hands and says,

"Princesita! Really? Truly? You sneak off for- what?"

Cauthrien hauls herself to her feet. She's not in full armor, hasn't been yet since they've left the small town a few miles northwest of Denerim she had holed up in. She has on her mail shirt, but only unarmored breeches and light boots beyond that. Her hair is loose. She still has yet to bathe and she still reeks.

"Step off, churl. This is not your business. I am a soldier and can take care of myself," she growls.

"No, you are not a soldier. You? You are a wreck. There's a river just down there- listen, you shall hear her. Go down, soak your head. Or I will be forced to do it for you."

"You couldn't."

"Oh! You know my abilities, then? My limits? Come, test me, Ser Cauthrien. Make it a game. If I win, I get to strip you bare and drag you down to the water myself. Perhaps there shall be some manhandling involved. I can even tie you up, if it would soothe your ruffled pride."

"Pride? Self respect, thief. Maybe you haven't encountered the concept."

"No, no- pride. You are as prideful as they come and quite determinedly lacking in self-respect these days. And I am not a thief."

"Murderer, then."

"Assassin." He sighs again, shaking his head. "One day, perhaps, I will get you to say it. Now- Will you test me, oh prideful princesita? I look forward to a true fight!"

"Taunt me again and this expedition will be down a leader."

"At least you acknowledge my position." He grins. "One of many I can assume for you, I promise."

"I- what?"

"So easy to unsettle you, queri-"

"What are you calling me, churl!?"

He laughs, stepping back as she advances. "Affectionate names, Ser Cauthrien! Please, be calm. I would not want you to do something foolish. I quite like my health. As does the Lady Cousland, for that matter- give her a reason to completely distrust you and I would be careful where you make your bed."

"I do not respond well to mockery, Antivan."

"Ah, yes. I have noticed this." He shrugs, then sits down. He unhooks the bottle from his belt and offers it to her. She looks at it warily. "Take it. We shall restart our partnership, yes? Consider this an offering."

Cauthrien reaches out, but when her fingers close around the bottle, he doesn't let go.

"Anti-"

"Ah, ah, I have a name!"

"... Zevran." Her shoulders are tense and her hand trembles.

He takes the opportunity to slowly stroke a finger along hers. She twitches.

"Ah, that sounds lovely on your lips! Here you go, then." He lets go and she sits back, unscrewing the flask cap. "Don't drink all of it, though. I'm sure Nicholas would like it back. He's been so careful, hiding it from me. Very creative. It's a shame I can't give bonuses for going behind my back."

"You are a fool to even think to," she mutters, taking a swallow that's slightly larger than she intended. Her throat tightens and works to get it down, color rising to her cheeks for a moment. She manages to suppress the cough that tries to come up once she has the whiskey down.

"Perhaps. Still, cleverness can be useful, hm? Though... perhaps not in a translator. I do not think I would like him taking liberties with my words- at least, not in... sensitive situations." He chuckles. "So much of my own wit would be lost, surely."

Cauthrien rolls her eyes, then looks down at the flask, considering. She caps it and sets it aside, ignoring the look of approval that flashes over Zevran's face.

"Ah, but I have such stories, if you'd let me tell them, Ser Cauthrien!" he says with a grin, leaning forward. He's sitting crosslegged, his elbows propped on his knees now, his hands folded below his chin. He taps one long finger on the back of his hand. "We shall get to know one another, beyond 'I am a dashingly handsome Antivan Crow and you are a-'"

"Stop. This is pointless."

"I beg to differ! You see, this whole angry at the world thing- very useful for getting you out of bed, but otherwise irritating and self-destructive. Not to mention unflattering to us both. I have done horrible things, it is true, but I have been told that I can be quite the lovable rogue given the good favor of my traveling companions!"

"I take it this is from the Lady Cousland?" She respects the woman deeply; she does not like her. The thought of the woman, tattooed and turned into some sort of deadly grotesque, makes her shift and finally stand.

Zevran stands as well, scooping up the flask once more. "But of course!" he laughs as his fingers work at his belt, reattching the flask once more. He then offers an arm. She does not take it. He sighs. "Truly, though- I am eternally grateful that I was irritating enough to drive you into the sun, but this will go much more smoothly if you laugh at my jokes and hang on my every word. … No? Then at least that you will not want so much to snap my neck?"

"I don't think that is going to change any time soon."

"Ah, but we've never properly been introduced! There's time yet."

"We've met."

"For a few minutes at a time, perhaps." He begins to lead her away from the shadow of the wagon. She finds herself following, frustrated but needing to do something besides sit and feel her head spin. Today has left her aching, her legs out of practice, but it's a good, familiar sort of ache. It's been too long since she's marched. "Do you recall when I was hired? You were there, hovering just behind Loghain, almost out of sight. You were trying so very hard to be intimidating! Does that usually work? I was of the opinion that he kept you around for other reasons, but the queen-"

"Do not speak of my lord. Or her Highness," Cauthrien cuts in, coming to a stop. He glances back, brow quirked. She adds, "I earned my rank."

"I stand corrected, then," he says with a surprisingly gracious nod. "... Though you haven't exactly been acting it."

"Zevran."

"Ah, my name! Yes, all my censure, gone like mist in the morning sun!" He laughs, then gestures back to the deer path he's leading her onto. She begins to move again. He leads on.

"Do you recall it?" he asks after a stretch of silence during which they pass fully into the trees, the darkness falling around them.

"I do, though the meeting itself was not particularly memorable. Arl Howe was an obsequious ass; nothing new."

"And yet you remember it. Was it my high cheekbones? My pouty lips?"

"No. It was your subsequent failure. It enhanced what memories I did have so that, if I ever came across you again, I could bring you to my lord. Alive or dead, whichever came more easily."

"And yet, when you took Lady Cousland and our glorious king into custody, you spared me! I would have been great fun in Drakon, I assure you. I was disappointed."

"So disappointed that you later broke in all on your own. Would that you had taken up residence in a cell."

"Ah, ah, I see this is a touchy subject." He doesn't look back, doesn't see her glare of Of course it is. He continues on, stretching and resting his hands behind his head as he walks. "But my point is made- our encounters, they always seem to start off on the wrong foot. Or bed. Or armor-"

"Careful, Antivan."

"And I lose my name again! Your affections are so trying to earn." Another casual shrug, another glance back with a playful smile. "Here. I will tell you a story about me, far before I ever came to your delightfully muddy little country, yes? That way, you cannot be offended. And when I am done, well-"

He stops and she stumbles to a halt just behind him. The trees have cleared out and there is the sound of water, a sound she hasn't noticed with how fixated she's been on the back of his head, visible only for its lightness in the dim. They're on a rise that juts out over a relatively still stretch of water. There is a gentle slope that winds down to the level of the water off to one side.

"You will return to smelling more of wet dog than of the bottle and I shall be satisfied and leave you alone."

"I'm not going to bathe with you standing here."

"No, I never dreamed of it! Still, this story is not terribly long. And I will stay to check that you've at least shed your armor." He balances his weight mostly on one leg, arms now crossed over his chest. He watches her expectantly until she sighs and tugs her mail up and over her head. The metal slides from her fingers and hits the ground with a dull thud and the shivering sound of ring on ring.

"Ah, good. Well then!" He moves to the edge, looking down at the water, and she fights the urge to push him in. "Back when I was still in good favor with my employers, I once encountered a man - he claimed to want to be a Crow himself. He was very interesting. Possibly Orlesian. He was certainly self-centered enough, yes? Well, I offered to test his abilities and pass him along with recommendations if he might have a chance. He was oh-so-proud - far prouder than you, by far."

Cauthrien at first keeps her distance, watching, but he's standing in a fall of moonlight and the dark is too much, now that she's relearned what it's like to exist outside of the shadows. She joins him, taking a moment to peer over the edge. The water is dark and still. Then she glances at him, expecting to see him leaving or moving to tip her over. He is doing neither, his eyes also focused far below them.

"Antiva City is filled with tall buildings, grand towers. They are quite useful for getting a sense of the part of the city you are in. There is always construction, always changes. I told him to meet me at the top of one of these towers; they are steep and tricky to climb, a true test of skill and stealth, for even if the guard does not care, the people below will point and comment."

"Did he make it?" she asks when he falls silent again.

He laughs.

"Yes, yes. He was quite the climber. Beat me up to the top! He moved in leaps and bounds and yet somehow the people below never noticed. He kept to just the right shadows, the right sides of the building, you see? And so I matched him and we sat atop the tower for a while, talking about the Crows and this and that. The height, it makes you prone to great thoughts of philosophy. The sun began to set and he moved to begin the climb down. I had assured him I would introduce him to the masters and he was quite satisfied with that. But before he left, I pulled him aside. I pointed to the ground below; a cart filled with hay was positioned just so."

He stepped closer, gesturing down at the water.

"I said to him, 'A Crow secret for you, my good friend. Do you see that cart? If you jump, even from this height, the hay will break your fall'."

Cauthrien snorts. "And did he believe you?"

"Oh, yes." Zev grins at her and she feels the slightest bit of a smile creeping onto her own face- and then his hand connects with her back and sends her off the edge of the earth, falling fast towards dark water. She screams.

The water is deep and cold and hits her like a sharp slap, shaking all the whiskey fog that's accumulated from her mind. She flails and is suddenly glad, even through her spiking anger, that she's shed her armor. She breaks the surface with a gasp, treading water as she forces open her eyes.

"Zevran!" she shouts up and she hears a laugh- pitched loud enough that it's audible over the water and the racing of her heart.

"Only very, very clever men become Crows, Ser Cauthrien!" he shouts down and he's too far above her for a splash to even touch him. She growls. He laughs again, watching her flail in the water. "Keep this in mind, yes? And get a good wash in while you're at it, querida!"

And then he's gone.
--
This isn't right; the Summer Sword, her sword, is just the slightest bit too heavy, her muscles protesting as she pulls back into Ochs¹, the hilt just above level with her left ear and the blade pointing straight out ahead. She knows the moves. She will never forget the stances, the motions, the press and dance- but she can't do them, not exactly, not as well as she should be able to. When she moves out of the guard to strike, she half-trips, her thrust landing unsteadily.

The bandit screams as her blade bites deep- but not deep enough.

A steady litany of curses is rolling tandem with thoughts of parry-strike-slice-ward. The first bandit is on the ground, screaming, but she's already pivoted and engaged another. There are a lot - too many. Fifteen- more? Zevran had tried to talk his way through the roadblock but she'd heard something about little elf bitchboy and then there was laughing and the sound of weapons being drawn and she hadn't been ready.

She's still not ready.

This is almost all of what she is: the weight of armor, the heft of a sword, the muscle memory of stance after stance and the force of blade on blade, the screams and cries of battle, the feeling of hot blood across her face. But there's a sickening feeling growing in her stomach as she moves, as she falters and nearly falls, that this is not what she is- it is what she was. She doesn't know what she is now. She's good enough to take the head of a third bandit almost clean off, but she's not good enough to keep from panting, to keep from staggering back away from the fight.

The caravan isn't an army platoon. Half of the people traveling with them are noncombatants, good people, solid Fereldans, and she gets herself between them and the remaining bandits. She doesn't rush to help the fighters who are already engaged. She's frustrated. She doesn't want to fight if she can't fight.

They're losing people. Nicholas is on the ground clutching his belly, red spreading out in a darkening stain on his tunic and the dirt beneath him. He'd rushed to grab a sword at the first note of trouble, just as she did. She had underestimated him. She finds herself whispering a prayer to Andraste that he'll make it. But he's not the only one; two of their hired guard have fallen, one with an arrow through his throat and the other run through again and again.

Zevran is missing.

She's on the verge of shouting his name when two things happen. First, another highwayman in old, well-worn leathers tries to get by her, unarmed hand outstretched to grab, to take hostage any of the people who shelter between the wagon and her guard. She moves to intercept.

Second, she sees a flash of gold and tan and the only other assailant on the field drops dead.

It's just this, then, the close of her and a man wielding not a sword but an axe. He's in leathers, she's in mail. She has greater reach. She has greater training, by all rights, but he has more recent experience. He hasn't been lost in the bottom of a bottle neglecting morning drills.

But he also isn't fighting for his life- yet.

He's tall but she's taller and she gets in front of him, sword held low in Alber². Fool's guard. From the look on his face he buys into the name's promise. He rolls his weapon in his hand, loosens his shoulders, smirks and takes a step towards her.

His mouth is open to say something, insult her somehow, but she's already moving, the tip of her sword tracing a path up and across her body as she rocks her weight onto her forward foot. This feels right. This is correct, and the momentary protest of her arms when her sword connects with the shaft of the other weapon quiets as she disengages and falls back into Ochs. Another step and she's pulling her blade fast down, then up, and his belly opens like he's wearing thin gauze. He stumbles forward, stops, and stares up at her.

There's a knife sticking out of his throat.

When he falls, Zevran is standing there, brow raised, dusting off his hands. She stands unmoving at first, her sword lifted above her head into roof guard. She inclines her head to him.

He laughs, the sound strained and bitter.

She drops her arms to her side, sword now gripped loosely in one hand. "This is not a time to be laughing," she growls.

"And is it a time for mockery? Because that- that is not what I was assured of gaining when the Warden begged me take you on this trip of mine."

Cauthrien's expression freezes. "I-"

"I was assured that you were one of the most fearsome soldiers in the realm- that if we had fought you, if Georgiana Cousland had not gone quietly and not talked you down, we would have likely ended up dead. And instead I see you stumbling through what should have been an only moderately difficult encounter-"

She slings her sword into its harness on her back, where it should have been all along, and tries to walk past him. He catches her elbow and she jerks against his grip.

"The wounded need attention," she bites out.

"And you need to stop hanging your head and stumbling through life, Ser Cauthrien," he returns. It's the most serious she's ever seen him. The laughter is gone and there is no easy smile, no testing spark in his eye. He's almost half a foot shorter than she is but the new coldness in his gaze bows her head.

He only lets her go after a series of breaths and she nearly trips as she pushes past him and storms off.
--
Two dead, five wounded. That's almost half of their group. Luckily, aside from Nicholas, none of the injuries are severe. But Nicholas is struggling and she watches him drink the last of his whiskey in an attempt to dull the burning pain. His injury isn't as bad as it could have been - the blade that caught him never entirely broke through the layers of fat and muscle - and while the wound threatens to fester in the summer heat and damp, poultice and rest seem to be keeping him afloat. One of the other translators spent time as a seamstress and she stitches the old soldier up and keeps him company.

It's been three days since the attack and the caravan is beginning to cover an acceptable distance again. The first day they barely moved, not even five miles, so focused on gathering the bodies and burning them to ash. One of the mercenaries, a woman barely into her twenties, had once considered going into the Chantry and knew all the right words and notes. The remembered smell of burning hair and flesh still puts them off of meat at the evening meal. The second day, the groans of the injured as the wagons bumped and jostled along the road led to frequent breaks. They barely crossed the Hafter river by nightfall. They're still not up to speed now, but the pauses are farther apart.

The movement is freeing.

For all of her weeks stagnating in her dark and barren rented room, it is the slow creep of inactivity that she now can't stand. When they break she does exercises she should have been doing all along, reacquainting herself with muscles and joints as if they are old friends she has failed and come crawling back to. She starts with stretches and push ups without weight, then moves on to learning the feel of her weapon once more. Her body punishes her for it, but the ache and strain is delicious. Welcome.

Zevran speaks to her now in only brief jest, that chill that crept into his eyes still there. It's uncomfortable; he is not a man who is serious to others by nature, and she feels that she is seeing something private in his coldness.

There is a pang of anger, too, at how he grows distant as she pulls the pieces of herself back together. His needling, his pushing- it had all read as some kind of caring or concern. She has earned, she thinks sourly, his approval. She has earned acknowledgement. She has earned so much more than what she has now- and this, too is denied to her?

She finds him resting on his back in the afternoon sun, his boots off and his leathers half-loosened as if he considered stripping down to his smalls and only then thought the better of it, with the oxen tethered nearby watching with docile, placid, staring eyes. She offers one of the beasts her hand as she pauses, watching the Antivan from afar. It swings its large head toward her, snuffles twice, then turns away and chews. She rubs it lightly behind one ear. She gave up this, too, when she left her father's farm all those years ago to follow her lord, and she deserves to be acknowledged for everything she has done since.

"Zevr-"

"Can you not see that I am relaxing?" he cuts her off, not even opening one eye to look at her. "Shouldn't you be moping in a way that is calculated to make my life harder?"

She frowns. "I am rectifying that mistake. It won't happen again."

"Ah, good, because I was afraid we would run out of victims! Hopefully we will only lose the three who are leaving in a few days when we reach Heathfield."

"What?"

"Yes, Nicholas and two others have declared that our mission is too dangerous. They have not informed you? No, you do not listen. They are leaving. Two translators and the cartwright. We shall simply have to pray we do not break an axle in Gherlen's pass, yes?"

"You blame me for the bandits?" She advances until she towers over him. He opens his eyes and frowns up at her.

"You are in my sun. And no, I blame you for allowing so many to be injured. It was not the attack that spooked them - it was the carnage and the loss of two guards. I fear your reputation falls even further."

"My reputation as what? A soldier?"

"A leader and a protector of men, querida." The endearment has none of its usual sly mirth.

Her expression stills and darkens again. "... I'm sorry."

Zevran sighs and sits up, then rocks backwards, rolls, pushes himself to up to standing in a handspring. He fiddles with the laces and buckles of his armor as he speaks. "Let us go for a walk, yes?"

"I bathed yesterday."

That at least draws a chuckle from him. "Perhaps you are making progress after all. I am mistaken. Still, come?"

She does, following at his heels. He is no Loghain to demand loyalty and obedience from the first lift of a sword, but she has fallen into a sort of line all the same. His flippancy hides a man who spent a year helping Georgiana Cousland raise an army that even she admits did what Loghain could not do. And even before that, this is a man who has spent years and years killing on command, even if not as a soldier, even if from the shadows. No matter how he makes her blood boil and chill, he can gain loyalty.

And so she follows.

He runs nimble fingers through his hair, straightening the long wheat-colored strands back into order and resettling his braids. He doesn't speak again until they are well past the treeline, away from the blinding white of the North Road that they have newly met up with at the Hafter river ford.

"Tell me what you understand of this job," he says, coming to stop alongside a thick-trunked tree. He leans back against it, arms crossed over his chest, and for a moment she's reminded of the Dalish hunters who came to the Warden's aid.

She eyes him suspiciously. "We go into Jader, you have a plan that you haven't told me yet, we kill Albret Lorraine, we get out."

"That's the short of it," Zevran agrees. "But you are missing a crucial piece."

"I'm assuming it's the plan you haven't told me yet," she says, voice flat and eyes narrowing.

"Hah, no." His smile is tight and mirthless. It makes her shift her weight to one foot. "No, it is this: I have a plan and you lead it to fruition."

"I thought you were in charge of this... thing." She waves her hand in the direction of camp.

"I am, but you are a leader. That is a skill I, alas, do not possess." He wrinkles his nose. "Though I believe I am the better for it. I like being able to slip clean away. But- the point here, the crucial piece, is that if we do not have a band of merry adventurers to go into Jader with us, I have little to work with. See?"

She rolls her lower lip between her teeth, the muscles of her left cheek twitching as she turns this over, fits it into place. He's right- he is no leader. But she's always led in the shadow of another commander, worked within a ladder of command. To work alongside, guided but otherwise given the autonomy to lead-

"And so it is not your failure in combat that I object to the most. It is the fact that you cannot rally your troops. Not only did you let two good guards die needlessly, you're letting it spook the rest. You withdraw from everybody, befriend only the man with the alcohol- I have every right to be disappointed, cariña. I had hoped that you would at least bond with them against the foreign elf leading you all along, but no."

"So then," she says, hesitantly, "what do we do?"

"I would start with talking to the others at meals. It might help."

She rolls her eyes. "That doesn't need to be said."

"Oh, no?"

"No. That goes along with basic morale."

"Did you forget this, then?"

"Why, because I 'certainly haven't been implementing it'?" she growls. "I didn't forget it. I had assumed you knew what you were doing."

"I do! I'm handing over the problems to somebody who knows far better what she is doing. Take the lead and I can make you the next Georgiana Cousland! … Well, perhaps not, but something similar. I am a supporting role and a leading man, all at the same time. I have many uses."

She snorts at the half-hearted leer he gives her. "I see you're not disappointed in me enough to stop flirting."

"Never." There's an edge of a smile. She feels his disappointment snapping, falling away, at least for the moment. It makes her shoulders settle.

"I'll fix this," she assures them. "Nicholas should still leave at Heathfield - his injury has a better chance of healing, and he'll only slow us if he stays. I'll make it a point to sway the cartwright back to our side. Though you do know it's too early in the season for the pass to become snowed in?"

"Ah, here you are, the lieutenant capable of arresting the Warden! It is good to see you. Yes, I am aware- but what of the rains and melts?"

"The river that flows through the pass has not flooded high enough to close the road since before the Orlesian occupation ended." Cauthrien shrugs. "A broken axle will be inconvenient but not devastating. Unless Jader ups and moves while we're coming for it...?"

"It is wise not to trust an Orlesian city, and so very like you." He uncrosses his arms and stretches his hands up towards a low-hanging branch. He rises onto his toes to catch it and hangs there, barely standing. "I think I like this part of you, Ser Cauthrien - less maudlin, more steely." He smirks.

"Will you perhaps stop stealing my kills now, then?"

"Hah!" He drops back onto his feet. "Let us hope it won't be an issue, yes?"

Cauthrien doesn't respond at first, then frowns and strides towards him. It's a point of pride, her pride, that she can handle her fights on her own. She has been a soldier for nearly two decades and while this last time she faltered - he will never have a reason to "save" her again. She uses her height to corner him, loom, though it's without all of the bubbling anger and resentment she's felt for him these past miles.

He looks up at her with a quirked brow.

"I want a yes, Zevran."

He steps away from the tree and pushes further into her space than she had into his. He doesn't seem to mind her height and she remembers vaguely that he's been traveling with the Warden, a woman several inches taller than even Cauthrien. And he is emboldened, perhaps, by having her understand him at last, in the same way that something has clicked for her and reminded her of what it is to serve in collaboration.

His lips curl and he quirks his brow. Her pointed stare turns into a locked gaze and she can't pull away even if she would allow herself to.

"I will say yes to a great many things. Ask nicely, querida," he purrs, and she's reminded of dim memories of him half-naked under her, that same note in his voice of teasing with weight behind it.

She can feel heat in her cheeks making the muscles tense and heavy. She licks her lips to work her jaw, but it only makes things worse as he tilts his chin up still more to keep her gaze even as he narrows his eyes. She feels herself leaning in, too, and she blames it on confusion, on being flustered, on being unsettled by this shift between them where she knows her job and place.

He is not Loghain, she reminds herself.

She steps back, takes a deep breath. She forces herself to roll her eyes dismissively.

"Do not come to my rescue again," she says finally, glaring. The glare doesn't have the weight it did back in that little hamlet west of Denerim, and so she adds, "... Churl," for good measure.

He laughs.

--
¹ Ochs, "ox guard", from Liechtenauer's German longsword (two-handed sword) fencing system. Assume German is "Alamarri", i.e., the original language spoken in Ferelden before they began speaking... what do we call it, Common? :)
² Alber, "fool's guard", from Liechtenauer's German longsword (two-handed sword) fencing system.