Sally the Sixth Form Slut

Chapter 1
Posted: December 22, 2002 - 12:00:00 am
It was the last day of term before the long summer break and things couldn't have turned out better as far as I was concerned.
Mum and dad were going away for the weekend and would be back by the time I got home again, they'd been in a remarkably good mood for a change, probably because they were going to a hotel in London with a couple they'd met on the internet!
I'd gone into their history one night when they were out and found their profiles on a swinger's site, dad described himself as straight (phew, that was a relief) good looking and a long stayer, I already knew that bit from all the nights I'd heard them at it for ages while they thought I was asleep.
Mum's though was a real eye opener, busty blonde and bisexual, was how she described herself, with pierced clitoris and nipples!
In her likes and dislikes columns, she'd added that she was completely shaven and loved other bald pussies, she liked, sexy underwear, fisting, water sports, anal, oral (lots of it) and public flashing!
"I'd like to stand in a crowded pub, while another sexy woman plays with my pussy and tells me exactly how dirty she's going to be with me. Also I once went to the loo in a pub with my best friend, we watched each other pee through our panties, then exchanged them and spent the rest of the evening feeling each other's wetness between our legs!"
"My husband likes to watch me being fucked by more than one man as well" she added, "And likes me to come home to him full of other men's spunk"
Wow, it seemed like my prim and proper, part-time secretary in a legal firm and part-time housewife cum mother was a right little goer, Still it explained where I got my sexuality from, there wasn't one of those things she'd mentioned that I hadn't done (and enjoyed them too) after I closed the site down and hid my own history from them, I went to bed and masturbated with my head full of thoughts of mum flashing her pussy in a bar, but the image that sent me over the top into my orgasm was of mum squatting down, grinding her leaking pussy into some woman's face whilst giving her husband a blow job!
I had more time on the site the next time they went out and I found a whole load of Polaroid photographs they'd taken of themselves with other couples.
Most were of mum with other women, but there were some of her looking at the camera with a cock in her mouth and sperm running down her chin, my favourite was her squatting over a woman and peeing into her mouth whilst smiling at the camera!
They both gave me long list of do's and don'ts for the weekend, but then amazed me by telling me I could have a friend or two round,
"But no parties" Dad added in his more usual stern manner and then gave me an extra twenty pounds pocket money.
"Ok daddy" I gave him my prettiest smile and sat on his knee for a hug and a kiss before leaving for school, mum got a big kiss as well of course and I couldn't help thinking of her locked in a deep tonsil search with another woman while the two men looked on and played with themselves!
Paul, my boyfriend met me at the end of the street as usual and we walked the long way through the woods to school, we were eager to get to grips with each other as always, but we couldn't risk being late on that particular day, because if everyone arrived on time, the head master had promised to dismiss the whole school at lunch time, so we had to settle for a quick snog instead, I did treat him though by taking my panties off and letting him hold them while watching me peeing standing up with my legs wide apart!
"Don't forget these" he smiled as he handed my panties back, but I shook my head and laughed,
"Keep them for me, you can help be back into them later"
My best friend Kelly wasn't a happy bunny that morning, her boyfriend had got to go straight home after school to set off on holiday with his parents.
"There won't even be time for a quick shag" she moaned at me as we settled down at our adjacent desks, "My vibrator will be worn out soon!"
I told her what I'd done in the woods and just as I knew she would, the horny bitch slipped a hand under my skirt to find out if I was telling the truth or not.
"Ooh you fucking slut" she giggled and slid a finger in between my pussy lips.
Kelly and me had often enjoyed each other on sleepovers and like me, she loved pussy almost as much as cock, but unfortunately the class room wasn't the right place for what we both would have liked to do, so we reluctantly pulled apart and got on with passing the last few hours of the term.
Finally the bell rang and we were finished, Kelly dashed off to see if she could persuade her boyfriend to be just a few minutes late and I met up again with Paul at the gates.
"Enjoy the panties?" I laughed and he blushed deeply,
"I only sniffed them" he protested, "I saved myself for you"
I giggled and said, "Well I've saved something for you too"
"What?"
"A secret, I was going to tell you this morning, but you'd have had a hard on all day!"
"Tell me" he growled,
"Mum and dad have gone away for a dirty weekend, the house is empty"
"YAHOO"
All the other kids looked round at him as he grabbed my hand and practically dragged me down the street at a gallop.
"Hey slow down a bit" I laughed, "My skirt keeps flaring up"
"So?"
"So, you've got my knickers in your pocket you fool"
"Oops, sorry but I've suddenly got a hard on"
"You're not the only one who's randy you know" I laughed as we settled down to only a fast trot, "I can feel my juices trickling down my legs"
Ten minutes later I was even wetter as we undressed in my bedroom and went straight into a sixty nine side by side on the bed,
"Mmm, big, fat, juicy cock" I mumbled as I closed my lips over his glistening dome and felt his tongue probing between the lips of my pussy, for about fifteen minutes we lay there slobbering over each other, his cock was like an iron rod, a warm, live iron rod in my mouth and my cunt felt like a swamp as he licked and sucked and probed,
"Time for the main event I think, don't you?" he said and turned round to lie on top of me,
"Oh fuck yes" I opened my legs for him and sighed with deep satisfaction as his beautiful big penis slid easily into me.
"Oh yeah Sally" he breathed, "Your cunt's so fucking wet"
"Just shut up and fuck me" I moaned into his mouth, "Slam that fucking big dick into my hot little cunt, fuck my brains out you bastard"
I wrapped my legs round his waist and dug my nails into his back as he began moving slowly at first, fucking me with long deep strokes.
Even though I'd told him to shut up, he knew it didn't mean anything, we both loved talking dirty during sex and before it too for that matter!
We both jumped as we heard the front door bell ring, but then Kelly opened it and shouted,
"It's only me, where are you?"
Paul groaned and swore, but I gripped him and thrust my hips up at him,
"Don't stop now for fuck's sake, I need fucking!"
"Come on up babes" I shouted and dug my nails into his back pulling him deeper into me.
"Ooh you lucky bitch" Kelly giggled as she came into the bedroom and saw us, "Can I watch?"
I could only nod my head as he ploughed into me, his beautifully thick cock beginning to send me into spasms of ecstasy, clinging tightly to him I raked his back with my nails and dug my heels into his muscular bottom.
"Oh fuck Sally, you're such a fucking slut" Kelly leaned back against the wall and lifted her skirt to finger herself.
Paul turned his head to look at her as she slipped her panties down to her knees, like me she was completely hairless around her groin and we both had a perfectly clear view of her cunt juices dribbling out over her fingers.
"Look at her Paul" I whispered, "Look at her cunt, I've tasted that sweet little cunt baby, I've fucking licked it"
He growled and rammed his prick harder into the very depths of my own clutching pussy, I felt him spurting his spunk into me and that sent me over the top too, with my eyes fixed firmly on Kelly's, I mashed my pubic bone against his and let the orgasm swamp me while I wallowed in the pleasurable feelings it wrapped me in!
Kelly wasn't far behind me either with her own orgasm, with two fingers jammed as deep as she could manage, she slumped to the floor giggling and gasping as Paul collapsed on top of me, his rapidly dwindling erection still twitching inside me.
"God you look so fucking sexy when you come Sally" she laughed, as she finally opened her eyes again and stood up groggily, panties still half way down her thighs.
"You should know you tart" I laughed, "You've made me come enough times yourself!"
Reaching out to her, I beckoned her over to where we lay so I could help her out of her panties completely,
"What're you doing?" she giggled, them moaned as I pulled her down on top of me,
"I've got a pussy full of nutrients just for you baby" I said and immediately felt the smoothness of her tongue easing aside the lips of my cunt!
"Mmm tasty" she said softly and began teasing out every drop of Paul's creamy sperm as I wiped her juicy panties around my mouth and Paul took a nipple between his lips.
"Watch and learn Paul" I sighed as her tongue burrowed deeper and deeper into my pussy, "This girl is the best fucking pussy eater in the world, she may moan about not getting enough cock, but don't take much notice of her, she'd rather eat cunt than breathe, wouldn't you baby?"
We didn't actually get dressed again until very late and realised it was time for Paul to go home. Because he looked older than his years, we persuaded him to buy us a bottle of vodka from the local shop and after a quick kiss for both of us, he staggered off home leaving us two horny bitches to make our own entertainment for the rest of the night!
