He'd spent weeks agonizing over his decision, but he knew now what he had to do. There was only one way out of this mess, and he was going to have to be the one that was strong enough to make the break. He waited until he heard the door open, and before anything could be said, he blurted out, “It's over, Spike.” Angel didn't turn around, just stared out into the glittering void of the LA night. “We gave it a try, but we just... there's too much history there.”

“No... Angel, mate, you can't just throw it- throw us away like this.” Spike's shaking voice made the older man grateful for once for their lack of reflections. At least this way he couldn't see Spike's stricken face, and the blond couldn't see his own pain.

He shook his head. “All we do is hurt each other, and you know it.” This was the right thing, the only thing he could do- he just wished Spike wasn't so hellbent on making it so difficult.

Spike moved a little closer, then stopped when Angel held his hand up. “Why won't you just give us a chance, pet?” he asked, his voice dropping into a low purr that had always worked to get him what he wanted before. “You can't tell me you don't feel it between us, that you really want us to-”

“Aren't you tired of fighting?” Angel demanded, swinging around to face Spike. The pain in his childe's blue eyes was almost enough to weaken his resolve, but he knew all too well what would happen if he gave in now. He'd take Spike to bed and they'd find pleasure and solace in each other's bodies, but in a few days or a week, it would all begin again. Taking a deep breath, he said softly, “It's no good. We have just too much bad blood between us to ever have anything real. Maybe if-”

“If what?” Ever the opportunist, Spike pounced on the tiny phrase. “If we were just meetin'? If we weren't vampires?” He saw a flicker of hope flare in his sire's eyes, and the sight of it urged him on. “So let's do it, then.”

Angel frowned, wondering how he'd managed to, yet again, lose control of the situation. “Do what?”

“Meet like we were humans, for the first time.” Angel opened his mouth to scoff at the idea, but Spike talked over him, the words falling over each other in his haste. “Come on, mate. What can it hurt? Just give us one more night, yeah? See if puttin' all the baggage aside does any good.”

“We can't, Spike.” Spike started to protest, but Angel shook his head. “Look, it's a tempting idea, but it would just be role play, and you know it. At the end of the night, we'd still be us, we'd still know we were playing a game, and everything would be the same.”

Spike's eyes darkened. “What if it wasn't?”

“Wasn't what?”

“What if it wasn't roleplay? What if we really believed it?” Confusion flickered over Angel's features, and Spike pressed forward, sensing a crack in the other man's foundations. If he could just keep talking, he might be able to flummox the old man enough to get him to give in. “What if we didn't know we were vampires, if we thought we were human? Watcher could do somethin' to make it real, couldn't he?”

“We can't use magic to help us with our relationship problems, Spike!”

Spike glared at him. “Not askin' him to fix us with magic, am I? Saw enough of that rot in Sunnydale, with Red yankin' her girl back an' forth like a ball on a string. Just thought that if we-”

“What, if we didn't know who we were and who each other was, we might actually get together? Yeah, we might. But it would be a one-night stand, and that would be it. Face it, Spike, we wouldn't work out as humans any better than we do as vampires.” Angel watched Spike's face fall, and knew that he couldn't stay there any longer or he might actually end up giving in to his crazy plan. Pushing past the younger man, he headed towards the door, but paused briefly when he had his hand on the doorknob. “I'm sorry,” he said quietly, then walked out, feeling Spike's eyes boring into his back with every step.

Spike watched his sire walk away, his chest aching just like the last time he'd abandoned him. But this wasn't the same; this wasn't a guilt-ridden, newly souled vampire running from his crimes, but an emotionally unstable man running from his feelings. And he was different too- a master vampire with a soul who'd saved the world instead of the careless fledgling who'd tried to cover up his fears with bluster and braggadocio. He wasn't about to stand still and let Angel leave him, not again. Stalking out of the office, he turned down the hall and headed for Wesley's office. “Thinks he can just tell me to kiss off an' that's it,” he muttered, sliding a hand into his pocket to retrieve his lock picks. “Gonna show him it ain't that easy.”