Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 1

After a morning of classes and a quick lunch, Id finished the weeks assignments early during the communal study hours. It was just a few weeks into my first year of college and I was still living with my parents.

Student housing was so difficult to come by and like a dummy I hadnt placed myself on the waiting list a year in advance. It wasnt a big problem though, as my parents lived just 15 mins away. On the upside, this saved me some money.

On my way home, I looked at the sky, clear blue skies, great! For early September it was still surpsisingly nice and warm, like late summer weather. As soon as I got home, I ran upstairs. Mom and dad were still at work and wouldnt be home for at least an hour.

Not wanting to waste time, I got out of my clothes, standing in my room completely naked. For a moment I imagined myself going out into the backyard like this, but knew I couldnt do that. Instead, I grabbed one of my shorter skirts and a thin sleeveless button down blouse. Putting on the skirt and pulling on the blouse, I made my way downstairs again. Nervously fingering the top buttons, I left them open, allowing the blouse to open up, exposing the upper part of my chest.

I sat down in one of the lawnchairs, facing the sun and partly away from the gate to the backyard. The yard was completely enclosed, only a gate at one side of the house. I didnt want to risk anyone coming in seeing me without warning. We have some high trees around the garden, but there wasnt a perfect spot where they blocked the view from the houses on both sides. Id chosen a location where at least there was partial cover from the neighbouring houses.

This had become a regular event for me over the summer. Whenever I was home by myself, parents at work or otherwise not home, Id try to catch a moment by myself outside in the sun.

Laying back in the chair, the butterflies in my stomach were out in full. I delighted in the feel of the sun on my bare legs, arms and face. Feeling the need for more bare skin, I pulled up the blouse to bare my tummy and pushed down the skirt so it rested on my hips. Not wanting to cover more of my legs, I rolled up the top of the skirt, making it shorter.
Id gradually become more daring over the summer, seeking the edge of decency, often crossing it.

Onetwothree times? No that was too much as with a rush of excitement I could see my lips peeking out. I quickly undid the third roll, while pulling down the skirt a bit more.
It was now resting lower on my hips, making a little bridge between them.

I could see the inside of my thighs beneath the skirt and it felt incredibly exciting to be so exposed to the elements. The soft breeze passing up my thighs added to the feeling and I spent a moment tracing my fingers over my bare legs below the skirt and caressing the soft skin with the palm of my hands.
Before moving my arms back onto the armrests, my fingers curled beneath the skirt, moving outwards and smoothing it out in the process.

I just loved teasing myself like this and could feel my heartrate increase, face flushed and saw that my nipples were poking holes through the blouse. I pushed up the blouse further up, baring a bit more of my tummy. Closing my eyes, I stayed like that for a while, nervously keeping my hands on the armrests.

Hearing a noise in front of me in the bushes, my eyes flared open. Luckily, it was just a cat making its way through the garden.
This was so bad, I thought, sitting here like this I felt like a sexual deviant. I was getting aroused and absolutely loved it. This is why I rush home early when I could. Unfortunately, autumn was fast approaching promising cold and rain and an end to my fun.

Closing my eyes again, I pushed myself further, nervously spreading my legs a bit more than shoulder width apart. I felt the suns touch on my nether regions and couldnt resist opening another button on my blouse, pulling it further open to the edge of my nipples, lightly brushing them in the process. I felt incredibly sexy sitting there, partly exposed to the world and luxuriated in the feeling.

High on excitement, I occassioally fidgeted with the skirt or the blouse, loving the feeling of the fabric moving over my skin.

After what must have been some ten minutes of this, I heard someone speak nearby.

Hello

My eyes shot open, darting around.

Over here!

Oh shit oh fuck oh fuck

My neighbour, my friends dad, was waving hedge clippers to draw my attention. His head and shoulders rose above the thick hedge and was looking my way.
During our eye contact, I was frozen, like a deer in headlights.

hhi, I managed, barely more than a whisper.

He was looking at me, how long had he been there?

His eyes dropped from my face to my crotch and mine followed. My earlier leg movements had worked up the hem and I could see myself. From his angle hed see even more, I realized! I snapped my legs together and my hands shot down to my skirt, pushing it down for cover.

Suddenly I felt very hot, blood rushing to my face as I looked at my neighbour again. I had trouble breathing. Seeing the grin on his face that betrayed what hed seen made it even worse. As his eyes switched between my barely covered breasts and my skirt, I knew he could still see a lot.

My only saving grace was that pushing the skirt down had slightly unrolled it, instead of pulling it down. As it was, it barely covered me.
He started clipping the hedge, occassionally looking my way.

I had to get out of here, but couldnt let go of my skirt. Cant he just go away for a moment, so I can get up?

A noise behind me  someone was near the front door, which was on the side of the house. This time fear drove me to action, despite knowing I was still being watched. I quickly unrolled my skirt and pulled it back into position as someone knocked on the door.

Hey Mel! I recognized the voice of my friend, the neighbours daughter Jocelyn, or Josy. She goes to the same college, but had chosen different classes. We kept in touch, but I had no idea she was home already.

Hang on, Ill let you in, I said as I got up.

My heart was hammering in my chest. She was already walking towards the side gate, but I had to get inside, out of sight of her dad. Panic ripped through me as I realized hed likely be talking with my parents about this.

I made my way to the backdoor, while fumbling with the blouse, redoing the buttons while trying to not be obvious.

Inside, I quickly checked myself  I was dripping. Grabbing a tissue and carefully wiping the sensitive area, I shouted to Josy, Im coming.
Throwing away the tissue, I thought no pun intended with a giggle and opened the door for her.

erhi Josy, didnt know you were home. Finished early as well?

Yeah, I saw you were home, so figured we should catch up

She was home already? Did she see me out back, just like her dad?

I didnt want to think of what she might have seen and had to push out the thought.
So, catching some rays? I love the feeling of this September sun on my skin. Its so nice and warm. Can we go outside? she rambled on in typical Josy fashion, leaving me little room to respond.

Going back out into the backyard was the last thing I wanted, with her dad still there given the show I just gave him, but I could hardly give that as a reason.

uhm was all I could manage.

Nice pokies, did you go to classes like that?, appraising my choice of outfit with amusement in her voice.

Straight to the point. More blushing.

oh no, I changed after coming home. I didnt know how to explain my reasons for wearing this blouse instead of a bikini if my aim was to get some sun.

Before I could object, she went out the backdoor leaving me with no choice but to follow.
Oh, hey dad!, she waved at him.
He waved back at us, continuing his hedge work and I turned yet another shade of red.

We chatted for a while, but I was nervous. My eyes kept stealing glances at Josys dad, afraid afraid of her dad making a comment. After all, he knows Im not wearing anything under this skirt.

I noticed him glancing our way several times and pressed my legs together, smoothing out my skirt.

What must he think of me, the way I acted? Will he talk about what he saw, tell my parents or Josy? It worried me deeply.

Hello, earth to Melanie, are you still here? Josy was waving her hand in front of me.
Sorry
Looked like you were lost in thought, whats on your mind?

Evading, I mentioned my parents would be coming home soon, which was true.
I should get started on homework, I added for effect.

I hear you, girl, you dont want to be caught like that by the parental unit, she said with a wink, followed by a glance at her dad, which made her shiver with discomfort that mirrored my own. When she talks like this, its like she has no filter at all.

Shortly after, we got up to make our way back to the gate. Waving her off and promising to talk later, I went inside.

I decided Id have to be much more careful next time.



