Stupid. So stupid.

He doesn't know how long he's been riding. Long enough for the night wind to make the wet patches on his shirt as cold as ice; not long enough to dry them. Distantly, he can feel each hoofbeat pounding through his swollen eye, his aching jaw, throbbing in the place on his ribs that may or may not be broken. It's all at a remove, though-ghostly, faded-and only the memory of pain and damage tells him that it hurts. They jump a low rock that Billy doesn't even see until they're leaping over it, and the landing flicks foam off the horse's neck and onto Billy's hands. He needs to stop soon, before he founders the mare or lames her. Galloping across the Texas countryside, even on a full moon night, is the most damn-fool thing he could be doing.

Well. One of them, anyway.

His first tournament. Only his thirteenth real game, and the first one against players who held the cards like they mattered. The first time he played for stakes. Not true players (he wouldn't have dared, yet), not big money (he couldn't have afforded the entrance). The saloon so decrepit they didn't even make him change his shirt before sitting down at the table-one of the only reasons he'd been able to do it, because that shirt was caked with four days' travel and camoflaged the fact that he hasn't yet taught himself how not to start sweating. Youngest at the table by five years at least, and so green his voice cracked when he paid for his chips. So green that when he pulled the chair back, he thought the weight of the eyes on him would snap him like a twig. His first tournament. And he won it.

Stupid.

One of the shapes in the corner of his eye catches at him, and he turns his head just in time to resolve it into a trough and a water pump, shining dully in the moonlight. He hauls the reins right and the horse wheels, neighing, kicking up dust. He's got just enough care left to bring her to down to a trot before they reach it, and when he swings down out of the saddle, his left knee buckles under him and he hits the ground.

Should've left town the moment he'd cashed his chips, soon as the tournament was over. He shouldn't have let the surprise sucker him into a celebratory shot, a mug of beer, a round traded with the older man who'd unpatronizingly returned his jacket to him after he left it on the chair at the poker table. He shouldn't've forgotten what his pa used to tell him: that money never makes you safer, it only makes you feel more secure when you've really just painted a target on your barn door.

For half a minute he just lays there, flat on his back and half-under the horse, perfectly placed to be kicked or trampled. The dust is dry and sharp in his mouth. A rock is digging into his lower back. He stares up at the swinging stirrup, the sky beyond it, and doesn't think, and breathes. As his chest rises, a sharp pain lances through his ribs, and when he automatically presses his hand against the hurt, his palm comes away sticky. Then he remembers. He's standing before he realizes he's moved.

They caught him in the street outside the saloon, only slightly liquored up but still half-drunk on victory. Two slapping through the half-doors behind him (stupid, he'd even seen them in there killing time, should've thought), boisterous and arguing amiably, any two ranch hands stumbling past on their night off-up until they grabbed his arms and dragged him up a side street. Suddenly not as drunk as they sounded, sober enough that none of his struggling got him free. The third, just a silhouette punctuated by the red glow of a cigarette, until he stepped out of the building's shadow and called cheerfully, "Now, kid, I was watching you while we was at the poker table, and you sure played good, but your parents seem to have skipped a couple real important lessons. And on account of your youth and all, me and the boys here--" snickers from his right and left "--thought we'd do you a favor."

He stopped right in front of Billy, took a slow, thoughtful drag, and then flicked the burning butt right into Billy's face. Billy jerked convulsively away from it, and the first fist slammed the air out of his chest.

"Lesson one. Don't take what doesn't belong to you."

Reaching out to grasp the handle of the water pump sends pain like lightning through him, but the knowledge of the dampness clinging to clothes and hands overrides it. He jerks the handle furiously up and down, and water dumps out into the trough. The mare shoves up next to him to lap greedily at the first splashes, but he keeps pumping, past the point where he's bitten through his lip with the effort, until minutes later when water sloshes out and soaks the lower legs of his jeans. Breath coming in harsh, shallow gasps, he yanks the shirt over his head one-handed, dunks it in the icy liquid, and begins frantically scrubbing at the skin of his back and chest.

He'd been in fights before, but only once like this, outnumbered and pinned and unable to throw a single punch. For the barest moment, between the second and third hit, he'd thought -- the saloon, we're right beside it, someone will come, will see -- but he wasn't dumb enough to hold that hope for long. In towns like this, you assumed a person in Billy's position was getting what he deserved, and if you saw fit to interfere, you'd likely get what he deserved as well. By the fourth kick, there was nothing but the struggle to breathe, to keep his eyes open and see where the next blow was coming, nothing but the pain. They stopped when he couldn't stand on his own.

Out of breath, the leader laughed and tossed his jacket to the second man, who let go of Billy to catch it. Billy staggered and almost fell, and the third man swore and scrambled to keep ahold of him. Arms now pinned across protesting ribs in a grip meant as much to support as to restrain, he blinked through the blood as the man in front of him flexed his hands and took a couple steps backward. "I 'spect you figured out that we'll be taking that money back from you, as it's rightfully ours-- some of it, anyway ..." This prompted a humid puff of amusement against the back of Billy's neck; the man spat emphatically and continued, "But lesson two is that nothing comes for free, and schooling's expensive, so we'll be taking payment for that out of your hide."

He reached behind his back, fumbled with something, and there was a sudden whistle and crack as he snapped his arm out straight. A whip. The clouds shifted, bathing the four of them in cold blue light. The man chuckled and shook his head. "Pretty little boy, aren'cha?" he mused. "Maybe I won't cut you up too bad, then-- I reckon the boys and I can think of a few good uses for that sweet little mouth." His grin sliced light through the darkness, and Billy's vision wavered as with heat on parched earth, ears ringing faintly: the hollers of an angry mob, the crack of a whip, his brother screaming his name ... and another grin like that, handsome and easy and evil, light off a silver badge ...

Billy coughed and hissed: "Urban." The man in front of him frowned, started to speak, and Billy dropped forward across his own arms. As the man behind him grunted and shifted to catch him, he snapped his right hand around the revolver on his left hip, yanked it from the holster, and fired it backward. The explosion slammed the metal barrel against ribs already burning, and hot liquid bloomed over his back as the man behind him staggered and hit the ground. Half-blinded by blood and shock, Billy felt himself cock the hammer back even as his knees started to buckle and give. He shot the man to his left, bullet piercing through the jacket he held in front of him, an ineffectual shield, and recocked the gun as he swung it to point at the man in front of him. The man gaped at him, whip dangling loose from one hand. Billy swayed and shot him. They hit the ground at the same time.

His skin feels rubbed raw by the time the wind picks up and his hands start shaking so badly that he drops the shirt into the dust. On instinct, he bends to retrieve it, and the sharp stab in his side makes him grab the water trough to keep from falling. The intensifying cold shocks him out of his numbed state, and he's suddenly aware that he's half-frozen, more badly injured than he's ever been in his life, stuck in the desert with an exhausted horse, and trespassing. His head clears as the need for survival reasserts itself, and he takes a careful breath, straightens, and takes the horse's bridle in one hand. There's a boulder just visible a hundred yards away; he'll bed down on the far side for the night and ride out at dawn before anyone might see him.

Next time, he'll leave the saloon as soon as the game's over, head out while it's still light. He'll check the room when he cashes his chips, look behind him as he leaves. He'll tie his horse right outside the door, so he can mount up and ride away. He'll hold the gun farther from his body, get his feet under him before he fires. Next time, he'll wash the blood out in the daylight, when the sun can bake his clothing dry and he can see the stains.