Quarantine Sister Spy
Post by anon2469

Since the quarantine started my sister, Becca, has been home from college due to campuses being shut down. She’s nearing the end of her freshman year but even when she was in high school, she wasn’t around much. Always out with her friends/boyfriends or at school activities. She is a soccer player for her university and also ran track in high school.

I wouldn’t be telling this story if the quarantine had not been treating me so well. Becca is hot, plain and simple. Brown hair, tan skin, and a nice little athletic body. Growing up, I never had any sexual thoughts or anything about her and honestly never noticed her that much other than my friends constantly giving me shit. But I’ve reached the age where my hormones are in overdrive and being stuck at home has made me hornier than ever.

It actually started by accident right at the beginning of the shutdowns. Bored out of my mind, I was searching through some old books in my parents’ room. My parents have still been working during the pandemic and haven’t been home much during the day.
My sister was in the shower, the door was shut, and I didn’t really think much of it. That is, until the shower turned off and I heard her unlock the door.

My parents’ room has a large mirror of which I was sitting opposite. The mirror gives a direct view into my sister and I’s bathroom. I heard the door unlock, and creak open. I saw a sliver of light creep through. I figured she had wrapped a towel around her and opened the door to allow some steam out. And maybe that is what she did. From my vantage, I saw her peek her head out, possibly to make sure no one was around? Then, the door swung wide open.

While I wasn’t paying much attention before, I certainly was now. I was granted a decent shot of my sister, from her head, down to right above her belly button. To my surprise and delight, she was not wearing a towel, or anything else for that matter. I instantly went hard at the sight of her round, perky tits. They were outlined with faint tan lines. She had small, cute nipples, which made her boobs look even bigger.

Unfortunately, my view was not perfect. I was looking at my parents’ mirror which reflected off the mirror in the bathroom. So, I had a reflected view of her bare back, and a double-reflected view of her rack. But I didn’t dare make a sound. I sat, as still as possible, while my heart raced. I enjoyed about 10 minutes of her naked breasts, jiggling ever so slightly for my viewing pleasure, while she toweled off and applied lotion.

Once she finally did wrap a towel around herself and walk to her room, I took a deep breath, and got the fuck out of there. I jerked off, and as sister stories have gone in the past, there was certainly some shame and confusion. But not enough from stopping me in the future…

Over the next few days, I repeated my same maneuver as before. My time was spent in anticipation of Becca working out, because that would mean she would soon be showering. Once she started exercising, I would go as far away from her bathroom as possible. I wanted her to feel alone.

Once I heard the shower start, I would quickly sneak up to my parents’ room and get in position for the show. Becca typically had the door shut at the beginning, but there were times where it was only cracked or even wide open.
Once the water stopped, my cock had become conditioned to stiffen up. I would remain as still as possible, usually wearing dark clothing so I would be more difficult to see. Day after day, I stroked myself to sights of her beautiful, big, bare titties. Watching them swing around on her chest was heaven.

I’m not saying that ever got old, but I definitely got greedy. I wanted to see her lower half, or better yet, a full body shot.
And so, I planned it out. When no one was around, I spent a decent amount of time in the bathroom, trying to evaluate what Becca could, and could not, see of my parents’ room. I also walked around their room, trying to see what my best vantage point would be. The mirrors were stuck on the wall, and non-adjustable. Eventually I found a good spot, but it would be risky. I didn’t care.

I decided I was going for it. I basically had to stand in the middle of my parents’ room. There was only one specific spot where I had a clear look to the floor of the bathroom. Standing here, I had the exit of the shower in sight. It was going to be a quick glimpse, and if she had a towel, maybe even an obstructing glimpse, but it was all I could think of without being too obvious. If I got caught, I was just going to say I was grabbing something from my parents’ room, so I would have to grab a few DVDs or whatever in preparation.

Now obviously, this whole plan depended on Becca leaving the shower door open from the get go. And it had to be wide open. She didn’t really have any rhyme or reason to when she left things open. After a few days of disappointment (though still spying on her tits), one day I walked by the bathroom while the shower was running, and was delighted to see the door swung open.
I threw on a dark hoodie and hurried over to my parents’ room, grabbed the DVDs and stood, stupidly, in the center of the room waiting.

My fingers went ice cold in anticipation. The water turned off, but I couldn’t even get an erection I was so nervous. My heart was so loud, I was worried it may be what led to me getting caught. But I wasn’t backing out now.

I saw the shower door swing open. A tanned shoulder crept into view. Followed by Becca’s face. Her eyes were blinking the water out, her hair was even darker due to it being wet. She had no idea. She reached her arm out and grabbed a towel. I saw a brief side-boob before she bent forward to dry her hair. About thirty or so seconds passed while she dried off. Then, it was like slow motion. She straightened up, and stepped out over the tub, and I was treated to a full-on, buck-naked shot of her.

I’d seen her chest plenty by then, and so I locked my eyes on her shaved-clean pussy. It was a reflected view, but still awesome. I nearly came in my pants at the sights of her smooth, tan-lined hips. My eyes quickly drifted upwards to take in a glimpse of her pretty face and neck which stretched into her slightly protruding collar bones, opening up to her perky jiggling tits with tiny nipples, dropping down to her slim waist and belly button, before settling back onto her beautiful, bald vagina.

It felt like both seconds, and hours, before she stepped out of my limited view to wrap a towel around herself. I urgently ducked out of view and snuck back over to my previous safe space to enjoy some further titty shots. Later on, I came in about 20 seconds.

Now I don’t know if it’s because it’s wrong, or because she’s so hot, or probably a combination of both, but this is the most sexually excited I’ve been in my young life. And I was hungry for longer, clearer, looks at my sister. The trouble is, I couldn’t think of any way to achieve those looks.

I did think of something, but it was risky and likely would ruin any future shows. I noticed on a few occasions of spying, that Becca sometimes walked naked through the hallway to her room after drying herself off. She would peek around the corner from the bathroom to make sure no one was around, then walk briskly to her room.

I thought that maybe I could catch her nude by simply popping out of my room, which was directly in the path to her room, and “accidently” running into her. Trouble with this plan was that it may catch her suspicion for one, and more importantly, it would put her on guard and she’d be unlikely to ever leave the door open again. My viewing experiences would be finished.

Ultimately, I decided upon the next best option. My phone. Catching her on my phone would not only grant me a non-mirror look at my sister, but it would also give me as long a look as I pleased. I thought about hiding the phone in the bathroom, but that was much too chancy. It’d be hard enough to get in there to plant it, and if she saw it, I was fucked. No explanation out of that one.

So, I did the next best thing and planted the phone in my room. It was easy enough, I had plenty of clothes lying around, and I would still be spying on Becca from my parents’ room. So, if she even walked into my room for whatever reason, I would see it, and interrupt her (and likely get a good look as well.)

I downloaded a spy app on my phone, and while the shower ran, put it in perfect position to get a nice straight-on angle of her. I went back to my parents’ room and crouched down in my normal position. I did not want to risk trying to get a live full-frontal shot because I wanted to be as subtle as possible in order to entice her to walk naked in front of my phone.

Unfortunately, she did not. After some good looks at her boobs, I sighed in disappointment as she wrapped herself in a towel, turned the bathroom lights off, and walked to her room. I still reviewed the video, and it would have been near perfect, though it was a bit dark in the hallway.

I did this a few more days, now turning the hallway light on, but unfortunately, got only towel shots.

I was starting to get desperate, and even thought of planting the phone in her room, which would give me amazing looks. But I just didn’t have the balls. If there’s no explanation for my phone in the bathroom, there’s even less of one if she found it in her room.

But I was determined, and finally, rewarded. The shower turned on and I hurried up to my room to get my camera phone in place. I left the hallway light off, as the last few days it seemed to put Becca on alert. The water stopped, and the familiar racing of my heart began. I subtly stroked my stiff cock, watching her boobs, as I desperately prayed for more. And then, I blissfully saw her make the mistake of hanging her towel up, peeking out from bathroom, and walking – uncovered – to her room.

After about ten minutes, Becca was finished dressing and went back downstairs. I raced over to grab my phone and then snuck downstairs to make it seem as if I was always down there. Once I got some privacy, I reviewed the video.

As my first attempt, the video was a bit dark, which dimmed the shine of her skin. But it was still light enough to see all the details. I watched the video from the beginning, not wanting to spoil it by fast forwarding. It was boring, but my dick remained hard the entire fifteen minutes of watching that empty hallway. Finally, the clip showed Becca’s head peeking ever so slightly out of the bathroom. And showtime…

My sister walked, completely exposed, out of the bathroom. To my dismay, she had crossed her arms over her chest, shielding her breasts from my phone. I hadn’t noticed her doing this in real-time. But it a was small misfortune, as it meant she left her pussy on full display.

It was only a three-to-four second walk, but I watched it over and over. Sometimes on slow-mo, others on normal speed. The angle was dead-on, and captured her entire body. I was entranced by her bald little kitty as it swayed ever-so-slightly from left to right, while her toned legs crossed in front of one another. When she made the turn into her room, I could appreciate the nice curve of her ass, though she never turned far enough for me to see her crack.

Her tan-lines were even fainter than with the mirror views, due to the lack of light. I enhanced the video as best I could, and took some nice screen shots. When zooming in, I could even make out some grainy looks of what appeared to be her nicely centered slit.

I jerked off a number of times to the video, but, as before, became greedy for more. Over the next week or so, I caught her one more time walking nude to her room, but this time she had her hands over both her tits and puss. It was nice to see her shyly covering up, but, not enough. One time, I even kept my phone in hand, to video a full frontal shot of her stepping out of the shower. I got a nice, full view, but my camera was so shaky, the video was really only good for a screenshot.

I’m not sure what took me so long to notice it, or dare to do it, but I finally decided to station my camera phone in a room directly across from the bathroom. This was a spare bedroom that was now used for storage. Therefore, there was plenty of shit to hide my phone in. If I got caught, I was certainly fucked, but the chances were much smaller than if I tried the bathroom or Becca’s room...

I tweaked the placement. It was basically going to be a straight view right into the bathroom. It would not capture Becca if she were close to the shower or the sink. Which was likely where she spent most her time, but I still should get some nice looks. On top of my new hiding spot, I was going to try and sneak the camera in place before Becca got in the shower. I figured, better chance of her leaving the door open at that time, as well as it was more likely my camera caught her.

Once she was midway through her exercising, I planted my phone, making sure to zoom in far enough to only get the outline of the bathroom. This time, I stayed downstairs, as I wanted to make sure she was as comfortable as possible while undressing.

I heard the water turn on, and throat went dry. I was clammy as I gave Becca about 30 seconds to get into the shower. I ran upstairs, quietly, and was thrilled to find the bathroom door wide open. I walked into the spare bedroom and made sure my camera was still in place. I then put on my hoody, and snuck into my parents’ room.

While waiting, I had a rush of enlightenment. I noticed the hallway light had been left on. It was going to be quick, and maybe sloppy, but I decided to go for it all. I was going to try and get two views instead of one. Well, actually three, if you count my live-viewing.

I basically sprinted into my room and found my old phone in my closet. I plugged it in, and turned it on, cursing to myself while waiting. It seemed like it took forever. Eventually, I saw the old, familiar, screen pop up. There was no time (and no service) to download any spy apps. On top of that, it had no battery. So, I opened up its video recorder, left it plugged in, and hid it as best I could. I was really rolling the dice on this one, but I was so horny. I rushed back to my parents’ room.

The water turned off and I was as nervous as ever. I enjoyed her rack, but didn’t even get hard. I was waiting in anticipation of the real show. She toweled off, and then turned to hang her towel up. Yes! I clutched my fist in victory. She did a longer check than normal, perhaps cause the light was on, but then did her walk into her room. I’m sure I was white as a ghost by this point, everything was going right. Until it wasn’t.

Our home phone rang. Fuck! This was seemingly the first time it rang the entire quarantine, what were the odds it rang now? The problem with this was that we barely had any home phones left in the house anymore because people rarely call it. The only one upstairs was in my parents’ room.

Now there’s a good chance my sister was just going to let it ring, but I wasn’t willing to risk that. In my desperation, as soon as I heard it ringing, I crawled over to the other side of my parents’ bed, and slipped underneath it. And it’s a good thing I did. I heard my sister walking back from her room, into my parents’.

I frantically began to develop a cover story in my head. We have cats, maybe I could say I was petting one of them under the bed? It was weak, but I was positive the loud thump of my heart was going to give me away this time.

I watched in horror as my sister’s bare feet came into my view from under the bed. I was fucked. She talked on the phone briefly, though it seemed like forever. It sounded like it was our aunt who was calling. After a terrifying thirty seconds, she hung up. I didn’t dare breath. She stood still for a few seconds, then walked back to her room. Finally, caught my breath, as quietly as I could. I thought I was going to pass out.

It was too risky to try and move now, I was stuck under the bed until further notice. After a good ten minutes, I heard my sister exit her room and walk back down the stairs. I was free.

I anxiously collected my two phones and then snuck downstairs. I wasn’t about to look at the videos now, as I was too jacked up to enjoy them anyway. It was torture waiting around for the right moment, but my sister eventually went down into our den to watch a movie. My parents wouldn’t be home for a few hours.

I uploaded the videos to my laptop, wanting to watch them on a bigger screen where I could edit properly. Once they were done, I began to watch the spare bedroom phone’s capture. I was going to watch them in chronological order, switching to the other phone once Becca left the bathroom.

The wait was longer on the video this time, because I had planted it while my sis was working out. I actually did fast forward to when I saw the hallway light flip on. I watched as Becca walked, dressed in athletic cotton shorts and little t-shirt, into my view. I could feel my boxers getting wet with pre-cum.

She flipped the light on and didn’t waste much time. She walked in, and out of my view, to turn the shower on. She was back in sight, and lifted her t-shirt up and over her head. Her golden skin looked incredible in the well-lit bathroom. She had on a sky-blue sports bra on that pressed her tits firmly into her chest. The video had a perfect line-of-sight, and I could even see her nip outlines poking through the sports bra. She slipped her fingers under the bra as I ran my hand up and down my dick.

Boom! My first, direct shot of her perky tits. I’d seen them roughly twenty times by now but it didn’t matter. I had a lasting, nerve-free, view now. Her tiny nipples were so cute, as they sat, pointing slightly up toward the ceiling. To my perverted delight, she faced the camera and reached back to pull her brown hair out of her ponytail and remove her sporty headband. Her boobs went up even higher on her chest as she did so. Her hair fell casually down to her shoulders as she bent over and slid her shorts down to her ankles. At first, I thought she was going commando as her booty shorts were a beige color.

Again, she popped in and out of site, and each time, the camera automatically refocused. Eventually, I was able to realize she still had underwear on. Then, I saw our cat creep into the bathroom. Becca bent over to pick him up and pet him. Our cat was pressed against my sister’s naked breasts for a few seconds while she waited for the water to heat up. Once satisfied, she placed him back on the floor and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties.

She slid them down and off, and I got a quick look at her cooch, but she bent over and picked up all her clothes and walked out of the bathroom to toss them in the hamper. When doing so, her clothes shielded her privates from me. She walked back into the bathroom and I was blessed with my first look at her athletic, bouncing, bare-butt as she got into the shower. Her ass was as amazing as her tits.

As I knew, she left the door wide open and I watched patiently for the water in the video to turn off. I was slightly disappointed with the undressing portion, but was about to granted all I had hoped for. I didn’t want to ruin it by fast forwarding. The water turned off, and my chub went back to a full-on rager.

