It was the first day of Community College -- a freshman, which was an exciting transition from high school. A College Boy! Now I was in the big league...
By this point in my life, I had developed a fairly well-known reputation among a relatively small group of my friends. I liked giving my cute straight friends blowjobs, and I had been told by several that the talk was, "Austin has a soft touch."
I first noticed my soon-to-be friend, Cooper in the cafeteria during lunch, and then saw that he was in one of my math classes.
Cooper was really a lean, tall, boy with long blond hair, which he parted in the middle, beautiful blue eyes, a cute ski slope button nose with small circular nostrils, a smile that made me melt, and a super cute butt. Looking at him caused my heart to pound. I made sure that Cooper and I became friends very quickly.
Cooper had previously attended parochial schools, so there was a certain innocence about him that I really admired and found attractive. Our conversation and shared laughter were effortless. Cooper was bright, articulate, and we quickly became close friends.
Fairly early on, Cooper began stopping over almost every day after school. We would talk, listen to music, and usually smoke pot. Physically, I absolutely drooled over Cooper, but never let on that I had any interest like that in him. Looking back, he certainly had to have caught me staring at him, his crotch, and just undressing him with my eyes.
It was Christmas Break and I asked Cooper if he wanted to do a sleepover. We both still lived with our parents.
Cooper pretty much immediately said that he did want to sleep over, and would ask his parents. I thought, 'We're eighteen. You still have to ask your parents?'
After the requisite telephone call between his Mom and my Mom, it was set. Cooper was going to spend the following Saturday overnight.
Come Saturday evening, as usual, we got high as kites. I had a good amount of privacy occupying the attic of my parent's house, which was converted into a bedroom and a seating area. Cooper and I had spent many afternoons and weekends listening to music and getting high up there.

From meeting Cooper's parents, and knowing a little about the regiment of his parochial schooling, I think even masturbation was considered taboo. So, even if I did make a move on him, I hoped he wouldn't get mad at me.
Like all young guys, we had some conversations about sex, and his need to find a girl to lose his virginity. As hot as Cooper was, I was surprised he hadn't had massive amounts of sex. He was a little shy though. He did find one of the cute college girls who was fairly promiscuous.
There was a small store located within walking distance of our community college, which was frequently well attended by those of us who needed a place to grab a snack, have a smoke, or find some pot.
I distinctly remember Cooper showing up at the store one afternoon, sitting down, and showing me a spot on his jacket.
Cooper pointed to the spot and said in a drawn-out tone, "Speeeewww," meaning the spot was his cum. He scored with that girl and apparently felt the desire to show me the evidence.
I asked, "Is that your cum?"
Cooper just answered with a big smile, "Mmmm Hmmm."
I thought that was hot. I distinctly remember thinking how much I wanted to lick that spot off of his jacket.

On our first sleepover, by ten o'clock, we were both really high, and each laying in the separate twin beds that were separated by just a nightstand.
I had watched as Cooper struggled to get himself undressed and under the covers of his bed.
Cooper had stripped down to nothing but his white briefs. That was the first time I got a good look at Cooper's package, and it looked awesome.
His legs were covered with what looked like soft light brown fur. His underarms had nice full bushes of his soft pubic hair. His body was amazingly trim, slender, v-shaped, lean, and toned.
Cooper was an absolute Adonis. I absolutely worshiped his sexiness. We were both eighteen.
After laying down for five minutes or so, I sat on the edge of my bed, just a foot or two from Cooper's bed. I just sat and watched him. I knew I wanted him -- I absolutely craved him, but I wasn't sure how to go about coming on to him.
After probably ten minutes of sitting on the edge of my bed, I got up and scooted over the foot or so, and sat on the edge of Cooper's bed.
I doubt that Cooper was asleep, and he likely felt me taking a seat on his bed, but there didn't seem to be any objection.
After a few minutes, I gently pulled the covers down on Cooper, well below his waist, roughly to his knees. Fairly quickly, Cooper reached down and pulled them back up.
After seeing his beautiful body and his full crotch again, I just could not resist. I pulled the covers back again, but this time more obviously deliberate.
Within a few seconds, my hand was on Cooper's crotch, slowly rubbing up and down. I could feel that his penis was hanging down on his scrotum.
I really don't know if Cooper had possibly heard any of the rumors about me.
But within five seconds, I heard Cooper quietly say, "Ahhh, how fantastic! I get so horny when I'm high."
I was a little surprised, but also very happy that Cooper was pretty much giving me permission to continue rubbing his soft young genitals.
I gently began pulling down Cooper's underpants, and he lifted up allowing them to slide off.
Cooper was now lying totally naked, his limp and soft penis hanging down on his scrotum. I began rubbing Cooper's penis and his balls. He just lay there with no objection or resistance at all.
After a minute or so, I took Cooper's growing penis in my hand and began to stroke it up and down.
Cooper spoke up and quietly asked, "Is it getting hard?"
Indeed, Cooper was getting an erection from my gentle rubbing.
I just answered, "Yeah, it's getting there."
As Cooper's penis hardened in my hand, I could see it had a distinctive downward curve.
Cooper's penis was around seven inches long, and about average girth. The head was plump, and the shaft exposed more and more veins as Cooper's young cock became erect.
I was infatuated with Cooper. I think from the time we had spent together, and as much as I really liked being around him, combined with the unmistakable sexual attraction I had to him, I was probably falling in love with him. But, I also knew he liked girls, and that he was likely totally straight.
As I gently stroked Cooper's penis and lightly rubbed his scrotum and balls, I wanted so bad to just kiss his beautiful lips. I leaned over to just give him a little peck on his lips with mine.
To my utter surprise, as soon as my lips touched Cooper's lips, his mouth opened wide, his tongue pushed into my mouth and we were lip-locked, sucking each other's mouths and tongues. I was totally not expecting that at all! Obviously, Cooper was feeling pretty sexually aroused.
I lay down next to Cooper and we kissed, total French kissing and necking for what seemed like an eternity. My hand was simultaneously stroking his stiff young cock and rubbing his balls.
I took my lips off of Cooper's sucking lips and let my head traverse his body to his crotch and went down on him.
I took Cooper's erection in my mouth and sucked his hard cock as I moved my mouth up and down the full length of his downward curving shaft.
Cooper immediately started quietly moaning in pleasure, "Mmm..."
Cooper had a beautiful soft bush of light brown pubic hair and he had nice hairy balls.
I almost immediately became intoxicated with the awesome natural musk scent of Cooper's crotch. My attraction after smelling Cooper's natural scent increased ten-fold, and as I finally tasted his cock, I was like a homesick angel ascending to heaven.
Cooper's subtle and quiet moans of approval continued as I went down on him.
Just as surprising as his mutual kissing was the feeling of both of his hands on the back of my head, somewhat gently, but with the purpose of holding me down on his young horny dick.
I remember thinking, 'wow, he's definitely into me going down on him and giving him head.'
Within only seconds, another slight surprise was feeling Cooper begin to move his hips up and down, pumping his totally erect penis in my mouth.
Cooper was obviously very intentionally and with a very deliberate objective, using my mouth to masturbate his hard young horny penis.
Because of the downward curve of Cooper's penis, it seemed that a more comfortable and natural way of going down on him would be to lay between his legs and let his downward curving cock more easily enter my mouth and slide down my throat.
I stopped sucking Cooper's cock and went up for another ten minutes of phenomenally erotic and full kissing, but while I still stroked his dick and moved my hand gently over the increasingly sensitive and now pre-cum seeping head.
I helped Cooper sit up and said, "Let's lay on the floor."
As Cooper lay down on the floor, I spread his legs apart and laid between his legs.
My mouth was positioned perfectly to give Cooper a good blowjob and fully service his beautiful hairy cock and balls.
I began by going down on Cooper, taking his cock in my mouth, and feeling his hands immediately begin to hold my head, pushing me down.
Cooper began bucking his hips and fucking my mouth. It was definitely a better position for Cooper's downward curving penis. It slid in and out of my mouth and down my throat in this position smoother and easier.
Cooper continued quietly moaning with each stroke, "Mmmhh, Ooohh."
I took Cooper's penis out of my mouth and began sucking his scrotum and balls.
Cooper seemed to enjoy me sucking his testicles and hairy scrotum, and when I began licking under his balls and way down around his hairy butthole, he lifted up a bit to give me better access to his asshole.
Again, Cooper was letting out pleasure moans as I was licking his nice clean hairy asshole.
I took Cooper's balls back in my mouth and began sucking.
Within a few minutes, Cooper reached down and took his erection in his hand, guiding it to my mouth and said, "Make me cum."
Cooper had clearly decided on what the ultimate objective was from our activity -- for me to service his young horny penis with my mouth until he cums.
Cooper obviously knew that the blowjob I was giving him would bring him to his orgasm, and he wanted me to continue focusing on sucking his young rigid cock.
I just thought, 'He must have heard some of the rumors and he must have known that I wanted to blow him.'
I was really getting off knowing that I was bringing such mesmeric pleasure to my friend's awesome tasting penis.
I took Cooper's stiff drooling cock in my mouth, which was immediately followed with his hands now holding my head harder and pushing down.
Cooper was bucking his hips along with his moans of pleasure.
Cooper started saying, "Faster, faster, faster."
Cooper was really focused on using my mouth to get himself off.
I totally loved Cooper's young cock pumping in my mouth, and I can't over emphasize how the smell of the natural scent of Cooper's crotch had me drunk.
I let Cooper pump my mouth for a few minutes, but then needed more of his hot kissing lips.
I crawled up on top of Cooper, placing his hard cock between my legs and brought my legs tight together. We began kissing and sucking each other's mouths and tongues while Cooper pumped his dick between my legs.
I switched and put my throbbing cock between Cooper's legs as we continued to have our lips pressed hard together, slurping and sucking.
Cooper was fully accepting my cock and me fucking him between his legs.
I purposefully moved down slightly so my cock would be pushing on Cooper's butthole. I wasn't entering him, but it was obvious that my cock was perfectly positioned to butt-fuck my sweet best friend.
Cooper slightly lifted up his butt as he felt my cock pressing against his asshole.
I rolled over so Cooper was on top and I could rub, feel, and squeeze his firm little perfect round butt as my cock bumped against his asshole.
The intensity of our kissing was awesome, and he really seemed to fully enjoy me exploring, rubbing, and squeezing every part of his body. There was no resistance at all to my cock probing his butthole, but I was really craving the taste of Cooper's young cock.
It wasn't long before Cooper rolled us back over so he was on his back.
We were still kissing, but Cooper's hand took the back of my head and pushed me down to his exceptionally hard, and now tremendously drooling penis.
As Cooper pushed my head down, I moved down to lie between his legs, and once again Cooper said in a more urgent tone, "Make me cum!"
Cooper's penis entered my mouth and he immediately began pumping fast. Cooper really wanted to cum badly.
I was focusing on giving Cooper a really good blowjob, holding his balls as I was going down on him and accepting his pumping and swelling cock in my mouth, sucking his hard drooling cock as he continued pumping it down my throat.
Cooper's hands were holding my head with a good deal more force, and really pushing me down on him as he fucked my sucking mouth.
Again Cooper in a mesmerized tone kept saying, "Faster, faster, faster," as the speed of his bucking and pumping was becoming more rapid.
Cooper's rapid pumping became so fast and hard that I became concerned with the sound of his bucking on the floor. My parent's bedroom was directly below where we were laying on the floor.
I knew Cooper really wanted to keep pumping, but I had to stop, and I moved up and we spent more time kissing while I stroked his young stiff cock, which was seeping an exceptional amount his of warm, thick, and slippery pre-ejaculatory fluid out of the tip.
Cooper reached down and grabbed his young throbbing cock away from me. He began stroking it wildly and extremely fast, for probably a good fifteen seconds.
Simultaneous with his rapid self-stroking, Cooper said, with a very strong and almost authoritative tone, "Make me cum, make me cum, ...make me cum!!!"
Cooper left no doubt about his need for me to continue with giving him a blowjob to his satisfaction and completion.
I was still worried about the noise from his hard bucking and pumping in my mouth, right above my parent's bedroom.
I sat between Cooper's spread legs Indian style -- with my legs crossed. I lifted Cooper up and positioned his butt on top of my crossed legs. His crotch was perfectly situated for me to blow him, and for him to fuck my mouth.
I took Cooper's throbbing and drooling penis in my mouth.
Cooper's hands immediately grabbed my head and pushed down hard as he spontaneously began pumping my mouth.
"Oh yeah. Faster, faster, faster. Keep going now. Make me cum, make me cum," were the assurances that came from Cooper that my mouth was bringing his penis the pleasure it needed for him to reach his climax.
The whole time Cooper kept pumping my mouth and throat with rapid and deep strokes of his horny young cock.
Cooper's breathing was heavy and gasping as he kept saying, "Faster, faster, faster."
With the position of Cooper on my lap, my cock was rubbing up and down the crack of his butt.
Cooper certainly felt my cock in his butt crack, and we were both enjoying this amazingly hot sex with each other.
I was sure that this was Cooper's first-ever blowjob, and all I wanted was to bring him total satisfaction.
Within a few minutes, and without any warning whatsoever, I felt my mouth go from just being filled with Cooper's penis to instantly and completely fill with Cooper's warm, thick semen.
I didn't even realize that Cooper was climaxing. There was just no warning. My mouth just suddenly filled with Cooper's cum.
Simultaneous with my mouth filling with Cooper's teen boy nectar, he let out gasping moans of pleasure, "Uhhh, Mmmm, Eeehhh."
I deliberately and wantonly held Cooper's penis in my mouth as he ejaculated. I tried to swallow Cooper's semen, but there was so much cum, and I was somewhat inexperienced with eating cum, I couldn't.
The strong, pungent, and slightly sour taste, along with the thick, slippery, and lumpy texture of Cooper's semen kind of gagged me.
This was the first time a guy had really fully ejaculated in my mouth, and it was a surprise.
I certainly knew that Cooper was going to cum, and I definitely wanted him to cum in my mouth. But there was zero warning, and the volume of cum was a little startling.
Even though I couldn't swallow Cooper's warm, thick semen, and it kind of caused me to choke a bit, I felt an enormous gratification that I was able to bring him to an explosive orgasm. I thoroughly relished the fact that he released all of his warm, thick nectar into my mouth.
I kept Cooper's cock in my sucking mouth until he completely finished his orgasm, and all of his semen ejaculated into my mouth.
Coopers' moans of pleasure, the epic volume of his cum, and how his entire young body was completely consumed and overtaken by his passionate orgasm gave me so much sexual stimulation.
The gratification from servicing Cooper and making him cum, along with my cock rubbing against his butt crack, and boom, I ejaculated all over Cooper's butt crack.
I let Cooper's warm thick cum just flow out of my mouth while I kept sucking his pumping cock.
My mouth kept filling with the long and full ejaculating streams of Cooper's warm, thick, slippery semen.
I was amazed by the quantity of jiz that spewed out of Cooper's cock, and even though it was so unexpected, it was definitely a turn-on that he was blowing his load in my mouth.
With the final few pumps and ejaculations, Cooper moaned, "Oooo, Eewwhh."
Cooper's orgasm was intense. His belly was covered with his white, thick, stringy, and lumpy cum. I licked his cum covered belly, tasting the strong flavor of his semen, and getting it all over my face.
I licked up some of his semen into my mouth, went up to kiss him, and as his mouth opened. I let his cum transfer from my mouth to his. He actually seemed to enjoy me sharing his cum with him, and he seemed to enjoy having my cum in the crack of his butt.
We held each other and kissed for a while more.
By now, it was almost sunrise. We had been making love for hours upon hours.
As I put Cooper back in his bed, I went up to give him just a quick kiss goodnight.
Rather than a quick kiss, Cooper's mouth opened, his tongue came out and we sucked each other's mouths and tongues for several minutes, followed with us finally going to bed and to sleep.