Strip Game Loser
by dazed

It was an all girl’s sleepover at Mindy’s house. There was Mindy, 17. Kathy, 17, Anna, 16, and Lisa and Holly, who had also just turned 17.

Mindy lived on the outskirts of town where there was woods and meadows to roam in. Their nearest neighbor, Mrs. Johnson, was a cranky old woman that Mindy tended to avoid. The other nearest neighbors were over a mile away.

Mindy’s mother had left the girls on their own while she went to work her Saturday schedule at the clinic in town. It was Mindy who brought up the idea of a stripping game. The object was to see which girl lost everything. To make the game even more exciting, Mindy added the detail that the losing girl must be punished in some way in order to get her clothes back.

The girls were all giddy and laughing as they nervously sat in a circle on the floor. Mindy dealt the deck of cards. It was a simple game of adding up the cards at the end of each draw. The girl with the lowest score had to remove one article of clothing until one of them was buck naked.

With each draw there was laughing and guffaws as the girls counted their cards. That was followed by cat calls and whistles as the losing girl stood and peeled off an article of clothing. At the end of one hour, Mindy had lost her shoes and socks, Kathy had lost her shoes, socks, and shirt. Anna, the youngest of them had lost her shoes, socks, shirt, and shorts. She was down to her polka dotted bra and panties. Lisa had just lost her shoes and socks, and Holly had so far eluded any penalties.

Each girl’s attention was drawn to the underwear-clad Anna. Would she be the one to lose everything? Some of the girls was hoping it would be Anna. The freckle faced girl with strawberry blonde hair, and slightly underdeveloped body, would look funny naked among the other girls with their budding teen aged bodies. It would be fun to punish her too.

As if fate was listening to the other girl’s wishes, sure enough Abby drew the losing hand again. She sheepishly rose to her feet. No way was she going to show her pussy, so she opted to remove her top.
With her face blushing as red as the tint in her hair, she reached behind and undid the clasp, letting the bra fall to the floor.

Some of the girl’s rolled backwards laughing as they pointed at Abby’s A-cup bumps.

“Hell, why even bother with a bra?” one of the girls teased.

“My baby brother has bigger boobs than that,” another teased as Abby stood there blushing with her hands to the side, another rule of the game. The loser could not cover up their body from the others.

“Maybe we should find the baby a diaper to wear,” another girl teased, before Anna sat back down and the game resumed.

A few more hands played, and all but one girl was down to their underwear. Abby had only her panties left and dreaded each draw of the cards.

Finally, it happened. Abby’s heart sank as the scores were tallied. “STRIP, STRIP, STRIP,” the girls chanted and clapped as Abby rose to her feet. It was the hardest thing she had ever done, reaching for the elastic bands of her panties and began slowly lowering them downward.

All the girls gazed wide eyed as Abby’s bald pussy came into view. It was as hairless as a newborn baby. With her head lowered in shame, she guided the panties down to her ankles and carefully stepped out of them.

Almost at once, Mindy scraped all of Abby’s clothes up and put them behind her. “Put your hands on your head and turn in slow circles for us. We want to get some pictures of you!” Mindy chimed in while the others scrambled for their cell phones to get a pic of the nerdy naked girl.

While it was true that Abby had horribly small tits, and a hairless pussy, her ass was tight and shapely, and the girls made her bend over and spread her butt cheeks to get some degrading pictures.

“Alright, enough pictures. Time for her punishment,” Mindy announced.

Abby was on pins and needles, just wanting it to be over and get her clothes back on.

“I think I know just the thing,” Mindy spoke as she suddenly grabbed Abby’s skinny arms and pinned them behind her back.

“Open the door!” Mindy yelled to one of the other girls, then began forcing Abby towards the front door.

“Noooooo! You can’t do this. Please. I’m naked!” Abby screamed as the laughter of the other girls drowned her out.

It was a balmy evening out and the sun was just going down as Mindy shoved the naked and screaming Abby outside and locked the door.

Abby felt panic set in as the girls all ran to the picture window and looked out at the hapless naked girl on the porch, pleading to be let back in. They laughed and mocked at her, pointing at her exposed body. Then she heard Mindy scream through the window.

“You have to stay outside one hour. We will be watching you. One hour and you can come in and get dressed.”

“Please don’t do this to me. Someone will see me,” Abby sobbed as she held her hand over her pussy and pranced nervously on the porch.

“Who is going to see you? Mrs. Johnson? Hell, she is probably in bed already,” Mindy teased. “Enjoy your naked hour outside!”

Abby watched the girls disappear from the picture window and realized there was no way they were going to let her back in.

After some thought, Abby slowly moved towards the rear of the house, hoping to find a place she could hide for an hour. All the way, she heard the girls running from window to window, laughing and mocking her naked body.

The overheard moon shone a silvery light on the surroundings. In the distance, Abby could see wooden shed. She knew it was on the neighbor’s property, but if she could just sneak in and lay low for an hour, her ordeal would be over.

Abby cautiously made her way over to the wooden fence and slithered through darkness towards the shed. Luckily, she found it unlocked and eased her way inside. Finding a wooden crate, she sat her skinny butt on it with the intent on sitting out the hour inside here.

“Where is she?” one of the girl’s inquired, as they all scanned the grounds through the windows.

“Keep looking. Her bare ass should be easy to spot,” Mindy teased as the girls scanned the growing darkness.

Abby had tried to reason out the time, and by her reckoning, it should be getting close to the hour deadline. She was just getting ready to slip back out the door, when the shed door opened, and the tiny overhead bulb illuminated the naked girl.

A flabbergasted Mrs. Johnson stood ogling the sight in near disbelief, dropping the canned goods she had in her hands.

“What in tarnation’s do you think you are doing young lady? The woman bellowed. “Not only do you trespass on private property, but you do it stark naked! “Are you one of those pervy nudists, or just a little tramp? I’ve a good mind to the call the sheriff right now!”

“No, no, please. I…I was just hiding,” Abby sobbed as she relayed a quick version of the strip game to the stern looking woman.

“Sounds like you need some manners to me. I simply can’t turn my head on you trespassing, and in a state of nudity. Either I call the law, or you take a good whipping on that bare ass of yours!”

Abby’s jaw dropped and her eyes bugged out in horror at the thought of a strange woman striking her bare butt, but she sure did not want to face the authorities, so she sheepishly agreed.

“Bend over and touch those ankles. Stick that skinny little butt of yours right up in the air,” Mrs. Johnson thundered as she readied a thick wooden paddle that was hanging on a hook in the shed.
“WACK! WACK! WACK! The paddle sounded as it struck the ivory flesh of Abby’s tender ass.

“Did you hear that?” Mindy remarked to the other girls, who had come outside to find Abby. The unmistakable sound of Abby sobbing was heard in their ears and they followed the sound to the shed.

Peering inside the cracked door, their eyes bugged wide as they saw Abby bent over, her tight bottom sticking straight up in the air receiving a sound lashing from Mrs. Johnson.

The door creaked and Mrs. Johnson halted her torment of Abby’s raw ass to turn and catch the other girls staring inside.

“Get in here all of you!” she bellowed.

The girls all sheepishly filed into the shed. Mindy, you tell me the truth right now. You girls were playing a naughty game and locked this one outside totally naked?”

“It was just a game. You know, girl stuff,” Mindy remarked.

“I am sure your mother will be more than interested in hearing about it.

“No, please, don’t tell her. Look, we are sorry, it won’t happen again. Just let us and our friend go,” Mindy pleaded.

“Go?” Oh, I think not. You like playing strip games, so hop to it. All of you, get those clothes off so I can tan your little bottoms too,” Mrs. Johnson huffed.

“What?” Mindy barked defiantly. No way am I taking off my clothes to let you spank me.”

“Fine, I will call the sheriff and report her for trespassing, and then your mother will find out what a little pervert she has for a daughter.”

The girls looked at each other knowing they were caught. One by one, they slowly began peeling off their clothes until they were all as naked as Abby, and all bending over touching their ankles, their tight butts and pussies glistening in the light of the shed.

Mrs. Johnson went right down the line, blistering one ass after the other as the girls wept and sobbed in shame.

The walk home was painful, each rubbing their sore bottoms, until they reached the safety of their home. As Abby dressed the girls broke into laughter at the whole ordeal, and Mindy ordered a pizza. Far from being broken, they vowed to play more strip games when ever they had the chance.
