Hello all u readers this is a story of me Karthik with my sexy aunt Sujhata. I am doing BCA in Bangalore. As I am the regular reader of Human Digest I wanted to share some of my incidents and finally leading to sex with my aunt (mother's brother wife)

who is 32 and has a slim trim figure as she does yoga.now and I am 18 now. This is no fiction or imaginary. Read this and enjoy. These are some of the incidents, which made me to get my courage in fucking her.

This is the first experience of mine which started when I was in my 10th std when I was 16 and my aunt was 30.one day I had been to my grandma's house in after noon at 3.30p.m where my aunt leaves on that day she was wearing a red sari

with matching blouse which was deep cut and I could see her cleavage as she was sweeping and her sari pulao was shrink and been taken to middle with either side of her breasts could be seen inside her blouse.

The same day after sweeping she came and sat next to me with a cup of coffee to watch some serial and I could not take out my eyes of her and continued to have the pleasure of her lovely 34" breasts and she was not wearing the bra as the blouse

was thick enough to prevent her tit from visibility. She saw me seeing her breasts yet she never said anything and didn't even try to cover them. By this time my cock stood up and since then I masturbated many times on her name and developed a lust for her.

The same day I was sitting on the sofa and watching the TV and was also waiting to get a call from my aunt to get into her room and sleep with her as she always use to call me when since when I was 5yrs old and use to change her clothes in my presence

without any hesitation even when I use to see her naked body and also while covering them with clothes. I use to hug and sleep with her since then and she never mind me doing that to her even when I was in 7th and in my teen also and still now I hope so she does not mind.

As I won't sleep next to her from 10th.and she didn't have a child even after 10yrs of her married life she was 22 when she got married to my uncle. On that day I expected that she would call me and ask me to sleep next to her. But she disappointed me.

And whenever I use to go to her house I search for her bra & panties and when I get them I smell her womanhood in them. And rub them on my cock as I couldn't control her imagining with out these on her body and from this I got to know the size

of her breast and waist, which measured 28". After a week I went back to my grandma's house and was eager to get there to see my sexy aunt. I went in the after noon and saw my cousin (my second aunts son) who also leaves in the same house

troubling her has he was very small and was 4yrs and then she asked me to play with him and I did play with him on the sofa and my aunt next to me he started to pull me from the sofa I knew this was the chance for me to hold my aunt's belly

I did that she did not even bother to ask me to take my hand of her belly. Instead she gave a naughty smile. On the same day another incident occurred when she was doing her pooja my cousin once again started to trouble her I went there and scolded him

and sent him out during this he was on the other side of my aunt and I took the chance and squeezed her breasts and she just said ouch and gave a smile to me. The next day another incident occurred she had my cousin in her hands

I took the chance and made a reason to feel her soft breasts and pinched her nipples and then asked her to give my cousin to me. She again smiled at me things were getting hotter from my point of view.

Since then my aunt and his husband went to madras as my uncle got transffered. After two years she came to bangalore and boy was not I delighted to see her back into business with those sexy breasts of her.

She took me in her arms and kissed me on my forehead and I pressed her breasts and my cock was hard and pressed her lower part and held her tight with her belly I was in heavens and went to my house and masturbated on her name and

I laid down on my couch and started to dream of her taking of her sari and all of her clothes and I could not sleep the whole night. The next day when I woke up I had a good news that my parents and all others were leaving for a marriage to burgur

and my aunt to remain in the house for two days with me as I had my ii pu tuition exams and to leave with her in there house. Then they left to the destination at 9'o'clock in the morning and I was with my aunt in her house and she said she would take

her bath then it was 10'o'clock in the morning and she went into the bathroom and then she called me and said there was no soap and asked me to find one I found one and went to give to her she opened the door and

I saw she still had not taken of her clothes completely and said I could enter and give it to her. Then I went in she said her hands can't reach to the hooks of her bra and asked me to remove and then move out of the bathroom I did it.

After she took her bath she had covered her breasts with a towel and a petticoat to cover her lower part and she went in her room and started to put her clothes with half open door and I could see her breast and she was trying to put her bra hook

and she again called me inside to her room and asked to hook her bra. I went in and when I was hooking her bra she laughed and said u budhu and I could get her so I kissed her on her back and slowly got on to her lips and smooched her.

And could feel her sweetness in the saliva I put my tongue as deep I could she was slowly getting into the mood and then my hands fell on her beautiful white boobs and I could feel her nipples getting hard and I opened her bra cups and realized her boobs

and started to squeeze them as hard as possible mercilessly and she undid my shirt while I was doing this to her she said me that she knew that I wanted to have her from a very long time and asked me to full fill my thrust for her today as long as possible

and she had got her juice from her breast on one side then I shifted to the other and started to do the same as I did for the other she also removed my trousers and she saw my half erect cock and caught hold of it and

started to suck it I was in heavens and what a sucker she is I said to my self. Then I undid her petticoat and I could see her panty wet and I opened her panty and could see her vagina for the first time was that when I saw a woman full naked.

And by this time once my cum was out and it was in her mouth and believe me she not even wasted single drop of my cum. Then she said it was my turn to do anything with her as I was a virgin I didn't know what to do then I remembered

to suck her in her pussy as I am use to see some xxx movies and started to do that to her. And her cum was taken by me and still continued to suck her pussy she said to me that to stop teasing her and she would let me to eat her pussy if I

liked but wanted to put my cock first and start fucking her. Then I fingered fucked for some time once again she cum out and I could smell her womanhood and now she was moaning uuu!! Ahh!! Ooo!! And said please don't stop and

she was in her height and cum out and now I felt I could put my cock into her as her cum would serve as lubricant and placed it in her clit and started to push my cock in and out slowly and then fastened it up and she was moaning for more

and more and this only exited me and she pushed me as close as possible and wrapped her legs around me holding me from my head to fuck her harder and harder and my cum I asked where to leave she said in her pussy itself and said

to me that she had taken care and would not become pregnant. After this I became tired and slept naked next to her and she saw that I was tired and she sat on my cock and started to push her pussy up and down on my shaft this

continued until she was tired and we had sex for three times after this in the remaining 1 and a half day. From then on I have had sex with her many times.













