Author: Kinkybrian
Title: Quickie in a Church Bathroom (MF)
Summary: Brian and his girlfriend have a quickie in a church bathroom during his cousin's wedding.
Keywords: MF

As the wedding started I whispered in Beverly's ear, "Let's have a quickie." 

She looked at me as if I had sprouted a third eye. "Now?"

"Yeah. All this cleavage is making me horny."

Beverly was starting to turn pink. "Well it's really warm today, I'm trying to stay cool!"

"You and just about every other woman here."

"Every other woman?"

"It's everywhere. Big, little, perky, dangly. . . Anyway, no one will be in the bathroom, now's the perfect time."

"I don't want to get all sweaty."

"We can clean up with some paper towels."

"You want to miss the ceremony?"

"The beginning is boring anyway. If we're quick we'll be back in time for the vows."

She still looked uncertain. "Well it's your cousin's wedding. I guess if you don't care--No Brian this is a church! We can't do it here!"

I was being very quiet, but I could see that Beverly's loud whispers were noticed by people around us. I hope they couldn't hear what we were saying.

"You're right, this is a church! Beverly we have to do this. Don't you want to have sex in a church at least once?"

"It's not nice Brian."

"This is a fucking wedding. He should pop her cherry right there in front of everyone."

Beverly was a rosy pink and trying unsuccessfully not to smile. "She's a virgin?"

"Well, in theory. How should I know. But I think legally, whether she is or not, they need to demonstrate that this is legit; if they don't fuck it's null and void."

Beverly got up, trying hard to keep a composed look on her face.

We walked to the back of the sanctuary. The lady sitting at the back table handing out the programs glanced at us and smiled, I smiled and nodded back.

We went around the corner to where the restrooms were located. I murmured to Beverly, "Wait a second while I check." I went into the men's room, glanced around and quickly confirmed that no one was there. I opened the door and Beverly stood waiting with her nervous smile still on her face.

We went into the middle of the room. I took hold of her dress and began to pull it up, all the way over her head.

"Brian!" She grabbed the dress. "Can't you just hike up my dress? What if someone walks in?"

"If someone walks in we'll be caught anyway. We'll want to at least show them that we do restroom quickies properly."

She reluctantly allowed me to pull the dress over her head. I pushed her panties over her big round ass and down to her ankles. She stepped out of her panties while I unfastened her bra and stuck the bra in my pocket. My dick started growing at the sight of her nude.

"You're still fully clothed!" She pointed out, apparently embarrassed by her nakedness.

"Well I guess you better get busy, if you don't want to miss the rest of the wedding."

I held my arms out to the side. She quickly got the point and started unbuttoning my shirt. She took off my shirt, then unbuckled my pants and pushed them down. I pulled my pants the rest of the way off. 

I sucked on her tits, sliding my tongue in circles over her nipples until each one was hard, and I rubbed her pussy hard in little circles. I slid two fingers into her pussy. She was already wet. I rubbed her pussy and finger fucked her for a minute.

"Lean over the sink."

She got in front of the sink with her hands on the counter, and spread her legs a bit. I pushed my boner down so it was rubbing against her pussy, and I put my hands on the sides of her butt and pulled her a couple steps back. I wasn't going to let her get away with standing almost upright in front of a full sized mirror that was just right for her full sized tits.

I pressed the head of my dick against her pussy and buried it to the balls in one thrust.

Beverly gasped and took a step forward. "Brian that was a little fast!"

I pulled her back. "Quickies are supposed to be fast."

I began slowly pumping her silky pussy. I watched her tits swinging slowly in the mirror. I held her hips firmly as I sent my dick into her a little more forcefully. Now her tits jiggled slightly on each thrust.

I pushed her tits together, and let them spill over my hands. I squished them together more, then let them just dangle into my hands. I molested her nipples, pinching them and rolling them between my thumbs and fingers.

I put my hands back on her hips. I started pumping her pussy a little faster, making her tits swing. She could knock over buildings with those things.

I started to finish each stroke with a more forceful thrust, which added more jiggle to Beverly's tits. They started to get out of sync as they swung, and they weren't just swinging forward and back, but at random angles. They were starting to glisten with perspiration.

I heard a noise behind me.

"Holy shit! You guys couldn't at least wait until the reception?"

A short balding guy with a big belly had walked in. His eyes bulged wide as he stared at Beverly's tits in the mirror, his grin was even wider.

"Well there's all that cleavage out there, I had to do something."

"Yeah I know what you mean. Now that it's spring and they start wearing lighter clothes, there's just tits everywhere you look!"

Beverly's face was beet red. I held her hips firmly and gave her ass a good bump with each thrust. Her tits were swinging and jiggling like crazy.

This guy was thoroughly enjoying the show; I couldn't keep from chuckling as I watched him staring at Beverly's tits. Eventually he went over and used the urinal. Then as he tucked his dick back into his pants he looked at us over his shoulder with a big perverted grin. He walked up next to us to use the sink. He was staring at Beverly's tits in the mirror the whole time he was washing his hands.

"But just so you know they exchanged vows before I came in here, the ceremony is almost over and people will probably be in here any second."

I looked at him in a bit of a panic. "Already? We better finish!"

"Yeah cause they're just about done, there's bound to be people using the restroom any minute now."

"Hey would you be able to stand guard and let us know when they're coming?"

"Sure." He quickly went out the door, then returned a few seconds later. "The coast is still clear." He went back out.

I started pumping Beverly's pussy hard and steady to make myself cum. Her tits had gotten into mostly synchronized circles, slapping against each other each time.

I brought myself to the brink of coming and started to fuck her even harder. My cum started to spurt.

The man came in the door. "Here they come, you guys better finish up, they're starting to come out of the sanctuary!"

Beverly turned and grabbed her dress. "Brian I have to go!" 

My dick popped out of her pussy, still pulsing with cum. I grabbed a bunch of paper towels and gave them to Beverly as she got into a stall. The man wet some more paper towels and gave them to me as I grabbed my clothes and went into another stall.


Visit my website: http://brianbellstone.com/