The Day Everything Changed
by desirekirti

THE DAY EVERYTHING CHANGED CH. 01

An Indian small-town girl exposes herself to her friends.

Doyel reached out and pulled open the bedroom window to look down and confirm it was indeed them. She peered over and found both waiting there, talking to each other. Samar was already done locking his cycle and was standing there beneath her chatting with Arup, who was crouched, locking his cycle too. She figured it was Samar who had rang the doorbell rather longer than was necessary.

Doyel did not want them to know that she was aware it was them, knew they wanted it a surprise as she opened the door so she closed the window as silently as possible, but she could almost hear her heart beating in her chest, as was the norm whenever she put herself in such situations. And she was taking things, or was going to, just a bit (or a lot) further with two of her best friends. Doyel took a few deep breaths and calmed herself.

She certainly had a lot of acquaintances while growing up, but very limited actual friends. She always seemed to be a bit reserved, and it took a lot of time to break into and extract her from the shell she cocooned about herself. Once she was out of her shell though, she would trust the person almost completely. But her initial reservations meant most people she met lacked the patience to break through. Doyel certainly shared a pretty good rapport with her parents her sister, who was 7 years her elder, and happily married; and some of her many cousins. It was of course a factor that most of her cousins were girls, and they would often bond over 'girl-talk'. But Doyel had been quite reserved with the rest of her family all through the 18 years of her life.

As a result of this, most people could never fathom her or her imaginations since she rarely spoke about them. Little did they realise she saw herself as having several different personalities other than the reserved face she normally showed to the world. Her vivid imagination fed this view of herself, often when walking alone she would flick from avatar to avatar, testing them out, developing them.

But to the world and her parents she kept to her reserved face, the mode she had showed for years and had kept her rather apart from the other girls and boys. In the last few years, however, she made some, albeit just a few friends, three of whom were the ones she would frequently spend long hours together with. Incidentally, or rather importantly, two of them, Samar and Arup, were boys. This is particularly interesting because she had always been to all-girl schools, and her household was comprised mostly of girls when it came to her generation. The fourth one in their group was Dona and she was certainly a girl. The four of them gradually got to know each other from common tuition classes, and somehow stuck together. It sort of happened. Friendships are like that. All of them were eighteen, a long two years after 'sweet-sixteen.' Samar was the youngest of them by a few months and had recently celebrated his 18th birthday.

They often got together and hung out at either of the girls' places. This was because of two reasons. Firstly, their time together was mostly during the day, and it would be quite hot outside so being inside was best. Secondly, the boys were both from out of town and lived in student accommodation, where girls were not generally allowed. So only the girls' places made sense. It also helped that both girls had working and trusting parents, so having boys in the house in absence of the parents was not a problem. This, however, did not mean they did not go out at all. If they met in the evenings, they would often go to common hangout places, like some café, or the riverbanks. Sometimes they would also go to the movies. It was not that they always met up as the complete set -- the four of them. Often just two or three of them would meet up.

Today was one such day. Dona was out of town visiting her maternal grandparents up at the far north of the state. This was a great time to be there, upcountry, as the heat in their hometown was sweltering.

This meant that it was just Samar, Arup, and Doyel in town, hence the hangout spot being Doyel's place. And today she was going to be in her daring avatar. It certainly helped that she, like Dona, was from a family where both parents worked, and there would be no one to bother them in the afternoon. She needed it to be that way for her plan to work. After all, she had been waiting for this opportunity for a while. She was letting loose her daring avatar on the unsuspecting Samar and Arup.

For some time now, Doyel had been aware that she liked the idea and rush of others seeing her body or parts not normally revealed, especially if it all seemed innocent and accidental. Being physical was not a problem, she had no plans to protect her coital virginity until marriage, or anything similar. She had not shown that much yet, just a few 'accidents' that had teased a few men. But she wanted to go further. Her thoughts and thoughts even of engaging in sexual acts with boys that were not her husband were themselves taboo in the typical society of a small Indian town.

She had loved the little disclosures and attention she got and the position of power it seemed to give her. She had discovered this side of herself much more recently by accident. A story perhaps for another time. She craved for a deliberate audience now, a real disclosure. The thing for her now was displaying herself and being appreciated visually. Of course, she did have the attributes to command the appreciation.

Years of yoga and swimming had gifted her a trim and stunning body to her 5'6" frame. Doyel had a heart shaped face, a small, pointed nose, a doe-like innocent wide-eyed look and thin lips. Her hair reached beyond her shoulder line and was a dark shade of brown, almost black. A dimple would appear as if by magic on her right cheek when she smiled. Her neck was long and slender, leading down to a round and perky set of 32C breasts, followed by a flat 25" tummy and rounded 34" hips and shapely bottom. Her head was the only part of her body with any hair. She had dispensed with it elsewhere. Often, she would stand naked in front of the mirror and admire herself and would wonder whether the admiration would be at least as much if others saw her. She suspected so. But she knew she would need to be careful to act on her cravings. She would have to be careful whom she risked exhibiting herself to and where.

She figured that she would start with people who were the least likely to harm her or defame her. Perhaps later she might be more daring, but always she should consider the risks. After thinking about it carefully in bed, and not a little time with fingers rather wet from her particular thoughts, she decided that she would start off with her friends, Arup and Samar. They already considered her to be a bit naïve, she was sure of that, owing to her reserved and less talkative nature. If only they knew! So, playing stupid would not be a problem. She could make an incident, an incident where she exposed herself. look accidental and unintentional. It excited her.

The next step would be chalking out a plan to execute. So here she was, not just planning but executing her plan, on the way to the ground floor to open the door for the duo, wearing nothing, absolutely nothing, but a soaked gamchha, with partially wet hair and wet body. In case you are not familiar, a gamchha is basically a towel made of coarse cotton, and traditionally printed in red, green, and blue checks. As there are no loops or fluffs, it is much lighter than a towel; it is also shorter. The one she was using was also an old one. The print had turned a few shades lighter, and the threads had thinned, increasing the space between them. So, it was just a very light length of fabric.

As soon as Doyel had confirmed it was her two friends at the door, she had made a quick trip to the bathroom, removed the gamchha, stood under the shower for a few seconds wetting body and hair. Next, she had wrapped the gamchha around her, tying it loosely at the side below her left armpit, just at the beginning of her breasts.

Doyel went to the mirror and did a quick check. The gamchha clung like a second skin to her wet body, the water from her hair left droplets on her shoulders and upper chest. The gamchha extended from just above her breasts to just past her buttocks and, since it stuck to her body, it did not move at all, providing just enough cover for her modesty - in a way. But 'in a way' only, as the thinness of the material and its wetness meant that every contour of her body was revealed. In the mirror she could easily make out the shape of her bottom, crack and all; her deep navel, perky breasts and the poking shape of her nipples which were by now rock solid. A nice feeling.

The idea was to convince her audience that she had been late to take a shower, and had to rush out to get the door, even though in truth she had showered almost an hour back and was waiting in her outfit for the boys to arrive and rehearsing in the meantime. She could only imagine the look their faces would have, as they had seen her only in salwar suits or t-shirts and full jeans before. They had never been acquainted even with her beautiful legs, let alone the rest of the usually covered parts of her body!

Barely able to contain her excitement, she hurried down the steps and reached the door. The wooden door had a latch at the top, and there was a collapsible gate outside it which was locked from the inside. She just unlatched the door when she remembered, foolishly, she left the key to the collapsible gate upstairs on the sofa. The best laid plans of mice and men and all that! Her planning had not been complete. She also felt her gamchha shift just a little lower while unlatching. After an undecided moment, she peeked around the edge of the door and, of course, found both Arup and Samar still waiting there.

"Sorry," she said through the crack of the door, "I forgot the key upstairs. I'll just go get it. Wait here."

"Sure, no problem," Arup said for both.

She ran upstairs, found the key on the sofa, and ran back down. Just as she turned from the stairs, she realised that in her rush, she had not latched the door when she went to get the key, and it had now swung open and was ajar. The boys were still talking to each other and had yet to notice that she was already downstairs. She decided to go for it in the most casual way possible. So, she approached the collapsible gate and put the key in the lock, all the while looking at her friends out of the corner of her eye. The sound of the key going in the lock made them look in her direction. Arup was saying something to Samar and stopped mid-sentence. Doyel noticed their reaction and spoke in a very matter of fact tone, just as she had rehearsed.

"Sorry guys, I was in the shower and was almost done when I heard the bell. I thought you were the courier guy. I am expecting a parcel from Didi, you know, and the courier guys don't really wait."

"Yeah, of course, we understand!" came the reply from Samar.

The gate was unlocked by now. Doyel felt her gamchha shift just a little lower again. She decided against paying any heed to it for now but made a mental note to check it once she was upstairs. For now, she needed to be fast with the gate as it was visible from the road. Although the road to their house did not see a lot of traffic, especially during this time of the day, she did not want to take any chances. If word got out that she led two boys in, while she was alone at home, people would talk.

She opened the gate quickly, let them in, and closed the gate. Then she closed the door and latched it. Once again, she felt her gamchha go down a bit. What if it fell down completely? That would be a real accident, but it would just hurry her plan a bit. As she was working on the gate and the door, she kept noticing the boys out of the corner of her eye. She could see that both of them wore puzzled expressions, but kept looking at her undeterred, under the impression that she did not notice. They had not seen her anything like that before.

Once she was done, she intentionally took the stairs first so that they would follow her. She could not look back at them to see their expressions without giving herself away, but she looked tangentially at each of the landings and could see that both were riveted to the hem of the gamchha, she was sure despite it slipping lower they would still be getting a clear view of just the bottom of her buttocks. All made the more exciting to their male minds for being just a peek. The bottom of a cheek dipping into view beneath the gamchha and then the other. Up and down. Had she not shaved so carefully they might even have seen a wisp of hair appearing between her legs. A very personal view. They might even have seen a dampness to the wisp though they might just have thought it was from her shower. It was thrilling just knowing where they were looking and at what.

Soon they were upstairs when she led them to her room where they usually sat and chatted.

Doyel's was a small and cosy room. She kept the arrangement spartan and quite tidy. There was a single wooden divan pressed against the corner opposite the door. This corner also had a single window, which had an insect net on it. The insect net, apart from keeping insects out, also ensured that the visibility from the outside was poor unless it was dark outside, and the room was illuminated. Doyel usually kept this window open throughout the day allowing a cooling breeze to enter. There was a computer table and a chair just next to the door. The table and chair were of composite plastic material.

Samar sat on the side of the bed next to the wall. It was his favourite spot as he could use the wall as a backrest. Arup sat on the open corner, on the other end of the width of the bed. Doyel sat on the plastic chair since she planned to get up shortly. It would be polite, and part of her plan to offer tea. While sitting, she realised that the wet gamchha and her wet buttocks stuck to the plastic chair. She sat, crossing her legs, which now made the gamchha ride up almost till the very top of her thighs. Her pussy was already tingling for a while now, a feeling which just got amped up. It had only been about five minutes since she heard them ring the bell, but she was already quite high on her fantasies and felt time move much slower.

They sat there chitchatting for a while. The boys were mostly listening rather than speaking, as it seemed they were too distracted to talk. Doyel pretended not to notice their reticence or where their eyes kept going. On occasion, one of them would utter a monosyllabic response as Doyel chatted on about this and that. It was a little out of character, but she was not in her normal character. This was her daring avatar. Meanwhile the gamchha being a very light fabric and the day hot and dry, Doyel soon felt it drying off. She decided to start implementing the next part of her plan.

"So, I was about to make tea. Would you guys like some?"

"Sure," replied Arup.

"I must tell you first, it will be black tea. Any issues?"

"Nope. Black tea is good," Arup again. Samar seemed to have more trouble answering while stealing glances at her.

"Okay, black tea coming up."

She stood up and started towards the kitchen, walking slightly slower than her normal pace, and with a little extra wiggle to her behind. While getting up she realised the gamchha in drying had rather stuck to the chair and it almost stayed stuck to it with her leaving without it. Almost but not quite, certainly the result was her attire shifted downwards, more modest around the thighs, rather less so around the breasts.

On the way to the kitchen, Doyel passed the hall mirror. A quick glance was all she could afford. But it was sufficient to let her know two things. One, except the region of her buttocks, almost the entire gamchha was dry now, meaning in a short while, it would be vulnerable to manipulation by any wind movement. Secondly, the top of her gamchha had gone sufficiently low to show almost the entirety of the top half of her breasts with a decent cleavage but not quite reveal her brown nipples -- perhaps they were holding the material up. Excellent! She had not fully appreciated what the boys had been able to see until now. Added to it, was the fact that the knot was now quite loose and would untie itself at the slightest jerk with the consequence of dry gamchha fluttering to the ground.

She memorised the exact position of her dress while walking to the kitchen. This was important for the next part of her plan. Once she stepped into the kitchen, she decided to fully dry off the gamchha so that it would be easier for her in the next steps. She ensured this by removing it and hanging it by a hook on the kitchen wall. With her back to the kitchen entrance, she lit the gas and set a kettle on it. Then it hit her -- their kitchen was a no-door kitchen, she was making tea, completely NAKED, while two boys were waiting for her in her room! She would not realise at first if someone came to the kitchen! What if one of them came down to help her? Would he wonder why the gamchha was on the hook. Perhaps he might think it had just untied itself and she had not yet put it on. Samar or Arup would see her naked. Perhaps even now one was behind her staring, perhaps backing away to hurry back to the room as if he had not seen. The thought itself was driving her horniness to a new level. Naughty girl.

The naked girl took a few deep breaths to take control of herself and kept making tea. It was almost ready. Now was the time to put the final stage of her plan into action. She could not allow herself to back out now. The excitement, the sexual excitement of revealing herself to the two boys had taken hold. She took the gamchha and, holding it from the corners, confirmed it was fully dry now. It was slowly moving in her hands with the wind coming in from the kitchen window. A gentle feminine fluttering. She knew for a fact that it would move upon her once she was walking in it. She pulled it around herself in exactly the same way it was when she saw herself in the mirror -- the upper end showing half of her breasts, extending till just below the beginning of her thighs. She tied the knot very loosely on the left side. She wanted it to come untied with the least friction from her arm. She wanted it to come away and flutter from her body leaving herself stark naked before the two boys. Doyel shuddered and then placed three cups of tea and some biscuits on a tray. She picked up the tray and started walking back to her room. She pulled her left arm firmly onto the knot, she did not want it failing early but to come untied just at the right time. In the corridor could hear strips of low volume conversation coming from her room. As she got closer, they became clearer:

"Was she really wearing just that gamchha? Nothing else?"

"She didn't realise I was staring, right?"

Doyel could feel the bottom of the gamchha fluttering and exposing the top of her thighs with every step, though she knew it would not expose her pussy. Not yet anyway.

The conversation stopped as soon as she entered her room. Their eyes were transfixed on her.

With a twinkle in her eye and an innocent smile, she asks, "So what were you talking about and why did you stop?"

Both boys stammered an incoherent reply. She kept smiling and walking towards the bed. While she was still a full step away from the bed, she stopped, bent forward, and slowly moved her arms ahead to place the tray on the bed between them. This had the exact effect she desired. It was as if time itself stopped. With her left arm no longer tight against her body and the gamchha, the loose knot came undone. The ends of the thin sheet of fabric separated. She could feel the fabric slowly peel away from her skin. Once it separated from her, the lightness of the fabric took almost no time between actually being there, and not being there. What a sight she must have been for the boys! Slightly damp, open hair, that innocent face, the pronounced collarbone, the round and perky breasts, the light brown half-inch nipples (which were quite erect at this point), the flat belly, the deep navel, her long flawless legs and right there before them the bald mound of Venus all plump and camel-toe like, and t-- she certainly was a sight to behold.

The three of them were absolutely rooted in their positions for a few seconds, which felt a lot longer to each of them. Although Doyel did the planning until now, she overlooked what was to happen beyond this point of time. In the nick of time, she decided to stay confident and keep playing dumb. She took the last step and placed the tray carefully on the bed between the boys.

"Oops, sorry", as she slowly bent to pick up the gamchha that had floated to the floor. She turned and walked briskly out of the room clutching the gamchha rather foolishly but actually deliberately to her breasts rather than her bottom and giving the boys a wonderful view of her backside.

"Whoa!!", exclaimed Samar, effortfully breaking out of his reverie.

"Right.", agreed Arup.

"How did THAT happen?"

"With her intelligence, she mustn't have realised the fabric dried and the knot came undone."

"Man, I definitely want to touch those."

"And go to jail for molestation?"

"Come on, we are all adults here."

"So what? She never agreed to us touching her, or even seeing her. It was an accident."

"What if she agrees?"

"Huh!?"

"I mean, what if we ask her, or request her, and she agrees?"

"Fat chance, buddy. Why would she agree?"

"Because we will request her, why else? It might take some convincing, but why not take that chance? What if she agrees and lets us?"

"If this goes south, we could lose a good friend, and still end up in jail."

"Tell me bro, would you not like to take another look at that body of hers? If she lets us, would you not like to do a lot more things than look? We shouldn't force her, obviously. But I don't think she'd mind if we ask, and she refuses. I would of course want to have more, but I would still leave it at the wonderful glimpse I got. No hard feelings. Hey, no pun intended." Samar quietly laughed at his own joke.

"As if..."


THE DAY EVERYTHING CHANGED CH. 02

Progression and a surprise.

From the next room, Doyel, still naked, breathing heavily from the rush, was eavesdropping. She felt like playing with herself but resisted the idea. That could come later. She decided to put an end to their discussion, and not give Arup time to think of an excuse to disagree with Samar. She wanted them to ask her. She very much wanted that. She had not really expected that. Her plans had not got that far. She wanted them to look at her more. She wanted them to do even more with her if they were willing. Yes, she might not have need to play with herself if... She wanted this.

She quickly threw away the gamchha and pulled on a nightie which was in this room. It was a thin sleeveless nightie with knotted strings on the shoulders and came to just above her knees. She did not find it necessary to wear anything underneath. Another time for underwear perhaps. She took a deep breath and walked into her room, pulled up the chair she had been using earlier, and sat at the open end of her bed as if nothing much had happened.

"Guys, I am so sorry. I couldn't catch it whilst holding the tea tray with that boiling water. I'm sorry if I offended you. It was not my intention. How embarrassing. I didn't think the gamchha would fall like that. Please don't be mad..."

Both boys were spellbound by this. They had had the view of their lives, and she was the one apologising! This was not at all how they expected the situation to go. Samar was quick to respond. He reached out and held her hand in his and sought to reassure her.

"Hey! Here, let's have the tea you made for us and talk about it. It was no big deal -- for us."

It was apparent from Arup's face that talking about this was quite outside his comfort zone, but he went along with Samar. He picked up his cup and started drinking his tea.

"Doyel, you make very good tea. And the tea itself smells great. Is this Assam tea?"

"Yes, Arup. This is what we always have at home. I made this for you guys in the past as well, and now you notice?" She cocked an eyebrow, and Arup mumbled something inaudible in response. Samar decided to intervene.

"Look, Doyel, no need to be tense. We are all adults here. What happened was an accident. These things happen. Why I..." He paused, seeming to decide that that recollection or accident was not something to enlighten them with at the moment. "Arup and I are not offended. Anything but. I mean we're all naked under clothes and, if I can say this and you will not be offended, there was nothing there to be in any way ashamed of. Your body, and yes we did see rather a lot of it... for just a few seconds, is as beautiful as you are." Quite a speech, but he went on. "You have no need to be or to feel sorry. In fact, with that killer body of yours..."

Doyel frowned, was that quite the right expression.

Samar bumbled on, "Actually, we really liked the few seconds of glimpse we got. Showed us something more of you than we knew. I mean, it was all very pleasing for a few seconds." He stressed on "few seconds".

"You liked seeing me that way?" Doyel used her doe-like eyes to play the innocent.

"Hell, yeah! Like I said, you have a killer body. What's not to like?"

"Thanks, Samar. I hope I have not offended you, Arup." She said turning to Arup, who began to stammer.

"Uh...no, not at all. Just like Samar said, we just had a glimpse, and it was only a few seconds. Nothing more. You have nothing to be embarrassed or sorry about. Um, really nice girl body."

"Thanks guys, for being so cool about it. And thanks for the compliment too." She was visibly blushing now. That was genuine. She had not blushed whilst being naked!

They drank their tea in awkward silence. Doyel couldn't help but think about the possibilities in which the boys might approach her. Arup and Samar were thinking along the same lines. They wanted to enjoy her body for longer, at least looking at it, without ruining their friendship.

Samar finished his tea last. He placed his empty cup on the tray. Doyel quickly leant forward and picked the tray up to bring it back to the kitchen. She also wanted to give the boys time to formulate their approach.

Once in the kitchen, Doyel put the tray with their cups in the sink and pulled up the back of the nightie at her neck. This made the front go lower. She knew that decent cleavage would now be visible while she stood or sat straight. But if she leant forward like she just did while picking up the tray, she would now display her breasts entirely. The material would fall away, and she would hang free, and the boys would see. She wanted the boys to feel encouraged but didn't want to appear overtly inviting. She made her way back to her room.

On her way back, she could hear snippets of their conversation as before.

"Man, I could almost see her boobs when she leant!" one of them was saying. She thought it was Arup.

'Well, they are in for more if they play their cards right,' she thought. The thought made her smile. She rubbed the smile, entered the room, and sat in her chair.

Samar started, "So, Doyel, we were just talking about something..."

"Yeah?"

"Yes, you do understand when we said you have a great body, we really meant it."

"Yeah... I mean, thanks."

"You are most welcome. You also understand that we could see it only for a few seconds like we said earlier as well."

"Okay... Where are we going with this?"

"Well, we were wondering if we could, you know, see you for a little while longer?"

"Huh!?" She feigned surprise but smiled inwardly.

"Yes, I mean, we have already seen it all, even though for a few seconds, but we have seen it all. Is there any use of hiding it deliberately anymore? What do you say, Arup?"

Arup was more restrained but vocalised the same thoughts.

"Look, Doyel, what Samar is trying to say is that since we have already seen you completely unclothed once, it is something we can't unsee, and we don't want to. With a girl as gorgeous as you, no one would want to forget the view once they saw you like we did. But if you don't mind, we would like to see the beautiful you in the same way for much longer than we did. Only if you don't have a problem with it."

"Guys, I don't know..." Doyel pretended to think it over. The boys took this as a close step to affirmation. They wanted to incentivise her trust to push her into a decision.

"Doyel, nothing is going to happen against your wishes. Both of us will sit exactly where we are until you say otherwise. You are in charge of this. We just want to look and admire you." Samar added.

Doyel concluded that she had played enough and decided to agree now. Not only had she already wanted this when she started, she was quite horny now, and the generous compliments from the boys got her even more excited.

"Guys, thank you for saying such wonderful things. I didn't think you would like to look at me this much. And what you said does make sense, you have already seen me naked. Seeing me naked again will not really have more effect on that. So, you just want me to sit here with nothing on. Be with you just as normal but me naked?"

Arup looked at Samar and he looked back at his friend. That was exactly what they wanted. They nodded.

Doyel shrugged her shoulders and said, 'Okay,' with a smile.

The boys could not believe they convinced her with their bullshit logic. They were over the moon! They were now confused as to how they wanted this to proceed.

"Well, um... would you then remove your nightie?" Samar asked tentatively.

"Ummm... Okay," Her preparation in the kitchen to let them see down her nightie now seemed rather pointless. Things had moved on.

Doyel decided to make it as slow and titillating as possible. She untied the knot over her right shoulder. The nightie dropped from the right down onto the swell of her breast, the shoulder now naked. She put her left hand across her breasts to hold the nightie in place. She then proceeded to untie her left shoulder. In her state, she pulled at the wrong end of the knot. Now it was stuck. She kept trying to no avail. Even if she kept both her hands free, she would have been unable to reach this knot with her left hand. So, she kept trying with her right, and made matters worse. Finally, she gave up and decided to involve the boys.

"Arup, can you please help me with this?" she asked Arup, who was sitting closer to her. Arup sprang up from the bed and tentatively reached for her garment with shaky hands. When he too failed in his attempts, Samar came up with a suggestion.

"Perhaps this can be done another way."

"Which is?" Doyel was all ears, as was Arup.

Samar came up and stood beside Doyel on her right, opposite to Arup.

"Would you mind standing up?" he asked her.

Doyel slowly stood up from the chair, her left hand still cradling her breasts, and Arup's hands still holding the knot on her left shoulder.

"Now, Arup, stand right there and take hold of the bottom hem of her nightie from that, while I do the same from this side."

Arup followed Samar's instruction while Doyel kept watching them working.

"Now, when I say, we both lift the nightie together above her head. Doyel, would you please put your hands up when the nightie reaches your neck?"

"Uh, sure," she responded, though she was less sure than she said, mostly because this was going to be faster -- she was going to be naked almost in a flash. And it would not be her in control. The thought terrified and excited her at the same time. She had never been this exposed, at least not in front of more than one person, and that too boys.

Both of them bent slightly to reach the hem, looked at her and then looked at each other. Samar nodded, and they started pulling the nightie off their best friend together. She closed her eyes. They were fast, perhaps anticipating she still might change her mind, and not wanting to give her enough time to do so. In no time, the fabric reached her neck. Doyel took a deep breath and put her hands up, not waiting for them to tell her so. She felt the nightie slipping up her arms, its hem now high above her head but the neck hole still below her head. She could see nothing beyond the inside of the nightie and the light coming in from without. She could see nothing, but the boys could see everything. Her head was hidden within her nightie, but her body completely exposed to the boys. There was a pause as, presumably, the two of them gazed without having her seeing what they were doing. The delight of the voyeur indeed, seeing without being seen.

It was strangely exciting. Knowing she was being seen but not seeing the reaction. But the boys could not leave it there for long and soon the nightie was up over her hands and away from her body. She was now standing naked in front of two guys, her friends, of her own volition. No drama, no accidents. The realisation itself was enough to weaken her knees for an instant. She sat back down on the chair, hands by her sides, eyes still closed.

Samar and Arup were standing and marvelled at the sight -- the naked girl, the willing naked girl before them, her head, with eyes closed, reaching to the level of their waists. Both the boys bent to examine her beauty more closely.

Doyel sat with her eyes closed, her hands resting on her thighs, her thighs not fully closed, her feet almost a foot apart. She did not hide anything. She did not want to. She wanted to be closely inspected by her friends. She wanted them to get so close to her that she would feel them breathe on the skin of her neck, her breasts, everywhere. Even though she had been anticipating it, her fingers having been already rolled into fists, the first breath on her nipple still made her draw in a sharp breath. It was shortly followed by another breath on the other side. Her excitement was reaching new heights by now, how close were they if she could feel their breath. Her thighs parted a little more. Should she allow them to really inspect? Almost as if they were doctors. Should she perhaps lie on the bed and allow them to probe -- but would that not lead to...? She was really excited now. If one or both decided to get close down and look at her sex -- take a close inspection, they would see the wetness was no longer anything to do with her shower. They would know! But she could feel their primary inspection was still focussed on and near her breasts - for now.

"Ding-ding -- Please open the door"

All three of them were startled by the sudden ring of the doorbell. Doyel snapped her eyes open, and at the same moment she saw the boys standing up straight, looking bewildered. She glanced at the clock on the wall, and it was just half-past two, still at least a few hours till her mother were supposed to be back home.

"Can one of you please check who rang the doorbell?" Doyel asked.

Samar immediately started heading to the stairs.

"From the window, duffer." She rebuked.

"Ah, yes, of course," he looked out the window. "Who is it?"

"Passport verification for a Ms. Doyel," came the response. "Please come downstairs."

"Doyel, there is a man downstairs to verify your passport. I think you will need to see him."

"Okay."

Arup hurriedly handed her the nightie she had been wearing before. She wore it while walking towards the stairs and disappeared from view. The boys revelled in the excellent view her bottom offered in the process. They were still dazed at what had just transpired. They were yet to believe the direction it had all taken. It seemed as if this was all too good to be true. The interruption was so unwelcome, so unexpected, so annoying.

"I guess THAT just happened..." Samar spoke first, keeping up with his usual initiative.

"I guess it did, thanks to your idea." Arup was more conservative in his response.

"Did you notice the veins running from her chest to her nipples?"

"What? That is all you noticed?" Arup stared at Samar in disbelief.

"No! What I mean is, it is hell of a lucky day that we got so close to her that we could see features in as much details as this!" Samar tried to clarify.

"I get it, man. Was just pulling your leg," chuckled Arup, then added, "Don't worry, I loved this too. Never anticipated this from her, and I mean that in the best way possible. And did you see she had no hair, you know, down there."

"It did sort of come to my attention. Maybe we can have a repeat when that stupid man goes."

"Let's not push our luck. Perhaps we should be content with what we have."

"Hmmm..." Samar replied frowning.

Arup understood Samar was interested in more, at least in terms of frequency.

"Okay, tell you what, let's see how she acts once she is back upstairs. If it is awkward from her end, we might need to calm her down first. We don't want to ruin the friendship. That is more important."

"Okay, man. I understand your point. Let's see how it goes."

While the boys were discussing whether or not to take chances on future possibilities of whipping Doyel's nightie off again, something entirely new was happening downstairs.

Doyel wore the nightie while she was walking towards the stairs. She was almost at the bottom of the stairs when it hit her -- the nightie was the only material on her body! Just an old, light, sleeveless nightie tied only by strings on the shoulders! This however reminded her to check the knots, she recalled one had been undone earlier. Fortunately, the knot was in place now. Probably Arup had ensured that before handing her the nightie. It was not an outfit to greet a stranger at the door. But the bell rang again. He was insistent.

This still did nothing to change the fact that she was near the door, wearing just a revealing nightie, ready to meet a completely unknown person. She contemplated running upstairs and grabbing a chunni (a light cover cloth, typically worn with salwar suits) to cover herself. However, her thoughts were already on overdrive with what had transpired between Arup, Samar and herself, and the future possibilities. She also knew that bribing was a common practice for passport verification, otherwise the application would simply be rejected. She decided she would certainly offer a bribe to the official, just that it would not be monetary. She deduced that if anything would go sideways, she still had two boys in the house who could defend her.

She decided to go with it.


THE DAY EVERYTHING CHANGED CH. 03

An Indian small-town girl exposes herself to a stranger.

For a second or two Doyel stood at the door preparing herself. Outside this passport official was waiting to see her - waiting impatiently - upstairs her two friends were, no doubt, also impatient for her to return. She had just been showing herself off to them - revealing her naked body to them - and she had expected more to happen imminently. Instead, she and they had been interrupted. Her careful plans going out of the window. In her aroused state - and she certainly was aroused - could she turn this change to her advantage. Certainly, it would do no harm to have Samar and Arup wait. She had them on a hook. Best to let the fishing line and reel have its play before reeling them in. The arrival of the official was not only unplanned, but also unanticipated. She had applied for her passport a couple weeks back, was aware that there would be a verification process involved, but she had not been expecting the verification to be happening this soon. Could she perhaps have some fun with this official? Could she further her own sexual pleasure. Her scheming avatar was coming to the fore. Doyel smiled to herself as she reached for the door.

To give you some perspective and, hopefully, not bore you with prosaic details, a passport application is always verified for residential address of the applicant. This verification is carried out by the local intelligence office, an arm of the district administration. Usually, the office would depute a clerk to each case who would verify the address through a physical visit and then a document check. The clerk would expect a standard amount for approving the application, a part of which would also be shared with the officer overseeing the application. The rates and percentage shares of such transactions were revised from time to time. Of course, nothing was official about this, but this was sort of an open secret and common knowledge across the general populace. It was not a scale of official charges but a bribe to ensure the smooth processing of the application. Without it the process might take a very long time.

Doyel was aware of the process but had not expected the official so soon and had been caught surprised at the official arriving at such an inopportune moment. However, she intended to turn this to her advantage, being already worked up to quite an extent. She could feel that lovely wet feeling between her legs. Not uncommon for her and mostly very welcome. Her scheming intention now to try her luck at negotiating this in an interesting and exciting way without the use of any money at all, although, of course, she did have money upstairs in her room as a backup should she need it. A win-win situation. She would keep her money and have some fun and an interesting experience.

Doyel opened the latch at the top of the door. This time she already had the keys to hand on the hook at the back of the door, but she did not want to unlock the collapsible gate yet. She opened just the door to see a middle-aged gentleman standing there with some papers in his hand. He was of average height and build, had a good head of salt and pepper hair, mostly still pepper, and an averagely thick salt and pepper moustache, mostly salt. Underneath his thick lips showed displeasure at being kept waiting. He was wearing a short sleeve checked shirt and grey trousers. His overall appearance and attire were a complete reflection of a typical babu, a clerk in a government office, quite used to sitting at his desk all day long, doing chitchat with his colleagues that was completely unconnected and irrelevant to his work. No doubt it required great effort on his part to bother leaving his desk to take care of such mundane duties as the physical verification of passport applications, though no doubt the additional fee was quite an incentive.

What did he want from her? What did he want to check? Perhaps in addition to Doyel's address, he would like to verify her sex was as stated on her application form? Doyel shivered at the naughtiness of her thoughts. If, improbably, he did want to verify this, how would he do it? Would he want to undertake a full bodily inspection and check if she had the right body parts to justify her claim? Would he want her to stand to attention, all in her birthday suit, while he checked each of her girl parts, poking and prodding everywhere to ensure they were genuine? Almost like a medical examination but not quite like that - not at all!

Doyel was having all these thoughts in the moment and her imagination was running wild. She realised she was getting wetter, her breath was coming in sighs, and her nipples were no less erect than they had been before. Her nightie, thin from age and sleeveless with knotted strings to the shoulders dropping to just above her knees was rather dark in colour. This would help camouflage the contour of her nipples, at least, she thought it would, in case the man at the door did not appreciate her potential proposal for not being paid in cash, but in kind.

"Hello, I am Doyel."

"Gupta, from the passport office," he responded announcing himself, "I have come to verify your address against your application." He was nonchalant at her state of (un)dress.

This surprised Doyel. This was not expected. This was not the reaction she had received from the boys. Did he not perhaps appreciate young women?

"How long have you been living here?" he continued.

"I was born here. My grandfather built this house. After he passed, my father, being an only child, became the owner of the house."

"Ms. Doyel, let me repeat, how long have you been living here, at this address?" he seemed to be irritated but she had answered his question.

Doyel, for one, was certainly irritated. He had her application, he knew how old she was, and she told him she was born here! He seemed a stickler for procedure. Did he really want her to repeat the information he already had?

"18 years, 8 months." She replied curtly.

"Thank you. Who is the owner of the house?"

Again? This guy was certainly irritating Doyel - brassing her off indeed. But she tried to maintain her calm demeanour. She needed him to approve her application.

"The owner of the house is my father." And she added her father's name.

"Thank you. Please confirm the address for me."

Doyel told him the address which of course he knew. She then noticed that with every answer, he was marking the answers on a form of some sort. She understood then why he wanted very specific answers to his questions - he was just following protocol! Absurd, but that seemed to be how it was. She calmed down. She also noticed now that with every question, he would look around at the house, and then look at her, as if, she thought, trying to check for possible reasons for rejecting the application.

He went on to ask about her educational qualification, her marital status, her mother's name, and several other questions presumably mentioned on the form. Every time he looked down while scribbling in his paper, Doyel gradually pulled her nightie in the front until she felt the top of the neck hole at the back of her neck. She discreetly cast her eyes down to check the front and found that a good part of the top of her breasts was now visible, and she was displaying a decent amount of cleavage. She was going to try out her scheme or at least unsettle him. The idea of exposing herself to this stranger excited her. He was annoying, very annoying, but might that make the exposure even better - for her?

Once he completed his questioning, the clerk, Gupta, told Doyel she would need to sign the paper. She moved behind the door and took the keys from the hook. While doing so, she also inspected herself and took a moment to think of her course of action. If she wanted to actually expose herself, she would have to move both of them away from the sight of the road. She formulated a plan and started unlocking the collapsible gate. She had to bend forward just a bit to use the key on the lock, and knew that while doing so, most of her breasts would now be on display. If he decided to look at the right place, which she hoped he did, he would see almost everything except her areolae and nipples. Perhaps this would be inviting enough, she thought. It would certainly excite her.

Doyel cast a glance up at Gupta, and sure enough, he did not notice her looking at him because he himself was looking down her nightie with a longing expression, the longing of a man who has fasted for a long time and was still going hungry! She knew she had him. Time to reel the line in. Not the fishing line upon which she thought she had Samar and Arup well and truly caught but a second line. She was becoming quite the fisherwoman! Now it was just a matter of who would move first. She had the gate unlocked soon enough and started pushing one end of the gate to slide and open. It moved a little with a jerk, but then it refused to move further. The gate was probably jammed, and the gap was not enough. She needed to open more. She was now having to put more effort into the push. She got irritated that Gupta was just standing there, pen and papers in hand, not making any attempt to help her! She pushed more now, and with a jerk, the gate finally moved. Then the realisation dawned on her - the knotted string of the nightie, which was supposed to be on her right shoulder, was now resting comfortably at her right elbow, exposing her entire right breast to prying eyes! Prying eyes across the street as well as Gupta's - only she thought his body would obscure the sight from any neighbour who was out. Unlikely as that was in the heat. She avoided the temptation to look at the situation, lest she give away her knowledge. But she was quite sure of it because she felt the string at her elbow, and clearly felt the end of the fabric trying to push her breast from below. She knew she had achieved what she wanted to, albeit partially and inadvertently, but she had. She was partially exposed to this stranger.

Doyel made no attempt to look down or pull up her nightie, continuing her façade of being oblivious to the state of undress she was in, and took the papers from Gupta, who she noticed seemed almost uninterested in them now. Clearly he was much more interested in her exposed breast than anything else. She asked him to come in and moved behind the door so she could be out of sight from the road.

"Where do I need to sign?" she asked looking at the forms.

"At the bottom of pages 1, 3 and 7, in the boxes marked 'applicant'", Gupta told her breast. His eyes not looking at her face at all.

"Pen please," she extended her right hand.

"Yes, sure," he handed his pen. This time he was looking at her face, for a change.

Doyel took this opportunity to do something she knew would be quite direct. Her next movements, although quite quick, would be happening for her in slow motion. She extended her right hand, took the pen, and while carefully looking over the form, straightened her right arm towards the ground, while simultaneously slacking both shoulders. The effect was that the string of her nightie, which was at her elbow, now reached her forearm towards her wrist. Then with one swift movement she pulled up her hand, with the pen, straight towards the forms in her left hand. This resulted in the string of the nightie on her right becoming completely free of her shoulder and arm, to dangle lazily at her side, completely exposing her right breast without any hindrance. Her nightie was now held on her body only by the string on the left shoulder. On her right side, everything from her neck till her waist was exposed to Gupta.

If Doyel had looked up at Gupta now, she would have seen saucers in place of his eyes. But she did not. She chose to focus on the form at hand. She took her own time in going over the pages, finding the boxes he mentioned and then signing them. She then handed over the pen and papers to the official, who she had to call from his trance.

"Is this all, sir?" Doyel asked innocently.

"Well, there would be some documents we will need to further your application." Hee stammered through the list of documents, "Please bring them with you to the office tomorrow, along with... along with two photocopies of each. We will then process the application further." He stammered on and had difficulty in completing sentences.

"Okay, Mr. Gupta. Anything else?" Doyel was wondering why he was still not asking for his bribe. Perhaps he was too distracted, or maybe he was afraid he might give away her state and she might correct it. She was sure he would be disappointed by that!

"Oh, well... yes, there is something more. We do expect some benefits for processing the applications; you will then have a passport and visit countries abroad... you know, it is a difficult job, you should look after us some too..." he stammered on.

"Oh!" Doyel paused as if the import of what he was saying was sinking in. "Well, you see, I am just a student. I do not earn anything yet, and my parents are not home right now. I am not sure how I can extend any benefits to you..." Doyel feigned negotiation.

"Of course, I understand. But you see, I need to pass most earnings to my superiors as well... and if there are none," he spread out his hands, "I will have to answer to them." Having sensed there was a hint of weakness, Gupta was more confident now. He was perhaps sensing how he could actually use this to his benefit. "I am sorry, but it is necessary." He paused, waiting.

Doyel sensed the change in his tone and knew that her plan was successful. She just had to play along for a bit more.

"Is there some other way that this can be solved? Can I invite you for lunch at home some time when my folks are home?" She tried to sound keen on not paying him money.

"That won't work," Gupta replied seriously, "my superiors... but I have a different proposal."

"Okay, what is it?"

"Maybe I can take care of the amount to be paid to the others, in exchange..." he was still playing around. He paused as if unsure quite how to put what was in his mind.

"In exchange? What exchange?" she pretended to be impatient now.

"In exchange for a bit of your cooperation."

"Sure, what do you need?" Doyel spoke brightly as if it was all sorted.

"Well, I need you to promise me two things now - no noise, and no movement"

"Okay, sure."

"I want you to take a note of your attire at this moment."

It was then that Doyel decided that it was fine to look at herself finally. She cast her eyes down and could see that her earlier movements had indeed had the desired effects - her right breast was exposed in its full glory, as was everything from her collarbone till her waist on the right side. She pretended to notice for the first time. A gasp and a suitable "Oh, no!" escaped her lips. By reflex, she tried to move her hand down to pull up her nightie. But Gupta's voice stopped her.

"I said, no movement!" he commanded, and then softly added, "you promised."

She stood still. Gupta came closer to her. They were almost of the same height. Then he bent forward and began a close inspection of her breast, similar to the inspection her friends had been conducting. She closed her eyes again as soon as she felt his breath on her skin. She could feel his movements with closed eyes, her breath coming in sighs.

But it only lasted for a bit. Gupta had stopped. Doyel opened her eyes to see him standing straight, looking at her.

"Turn around." He ordered.

Now she had no idea where this was going, but she did as he asked.

"I hope you don't mind a bit of contact." Saying this, he simply lifted her nightie from the back until it reached up to her waist and then put a hand on her bottom. This surprised Doyel. She had neither planned nor expected contact. Added to that the fact that she had never been touched directly on her skin by anyone since her mother stopped bathing her when she was six or seven. She had in fact anticipated some touching and groping from Samar and Arup, but her thoughts had concerned mostly other parts of her body. She had certainly not expected the first touch to be on her bottom. Even so, here she was, standing right at the entrance of her house with papers in one hand and a pen in the other wearing next to nothing, whilst her male friends waited upstairs to see her undress, and this complete stranger was playing with her naked buttocks. A gasp escaped her lips. He certainly was playing - not just touching.

Gupta was caressing her buttocks. He was taking turns on the sides, not her hips but the sides of her buttocks. He would caress one side for some time and move to the other side. He was surprisingly gentle. It was as if he was worshipping the beauty of her buttocks! And then his fingers moved to stroke each cheek full on, pinching a little as if testing their quality. Then he moved each up and down alternately in his hands before parting each cheek. What was he looking at!

"Bend over. Put your hands on the wall." Gupta commanded.

Doyel obeyed his instructions, biting her lip as she did so. She held on to the paper and pen and put her knuckles on the wall for support while bending at her waist pushing out her bottom towards Gupta. Until now, Gupta had been holding the lifted nightie with one hand. Now he pulled the hem right above her waist and rolled the length of the nightie up her back. She could feel its rolled weight nestling in in the dip of her lower back.

For her part, Doyel was momentarily alarmed. She was now in a position for sexual intercourse. One of many - of course - but a popular and easy position. A quick unzipping on Gupta's part and his no doubt already hard member could be poking down below her bottom cheeks and finding her entrance. Given how wet she was, Doyel knew from many solo experiences in bed that ingress would not be difficult for Gupta - unless he was very large. A thought for another time! In her bed she had stuffed herself with fingers and other times with...

Should she stop him now? But having secured the use of both his hands, Gupta unexpectedly squatted on the floor. This put his face directly at the level of Doyel's buttocks. He started again gently palming and caressing them with both hands. He seemed in no hurry and was very clearly enjoying playing around, caressing them, squeezing, and releasing them, and caressing them again.

Meanwhile, a relieved Doyel was loving the attention. She was loving being touched... even if she was also worried about how far this would or could go.

Gupta parted her buttocks and gently put a finger on her bottom hole. Doyel drew in a sharp breath. This was something she had not expected. Not only was someone other than herself touching her but...

"Doyel, is everything alright?" it was Arup's voice from the top of the stairs.

Doyel jerked out of her blissful sexual state.

"Yes, yes, everything's fine," she called back shrilly. Her voice not its normal self.

"Okay," Arup answered, apparently satisfied.

For a moment she was worried Arup would come down the stairs. She stood up, bringing her body to the vertical and allowing the nightie to fall back down. She turned to face Gupta, who was on his feet by then, looking serious.

"You seem to have company, Miss," he said, clearly annoyed, whilst almost snatching the set of papers and the pen from her.

"Yes, just a couple of friends," Doyel said as a matter of fact. It had perhaps been a good interruption. Had things been getting out of hand?

"Seems a guy..."

"Guys AND a girl, upstairs." She lied to avoid any further questions or remarks from Gupta.

"Hmmm. Thank you for your cooperation. Like I said, you will need to visit the office with some documents for further processing. Here is the list of documents," he handed her the list on a slip of paper.

"Tomorrow? Like you said before?" she asked to confirm.

"No, tomorrow will not be possible. I just remembered I have another appointment. Please visit on Friday."

"Okay, what time?"

"Around noon would be good." Doyel was not surprised at the choice of time. She knew it had to be around noon on Friday, since that was when the office would be mostly empty for lunch. Gupta needed that privacy. He would be hoping she would come alone.

"Alright. I will be there."

"Okay, see you then. Best if you were unaccompanied. I will need to carry out some further checks. Personal checks you understand. I hope for your... co-operation?" Gupta added. Then he did something unexpected. He brought his left hand forward and gently placed it on her exposed breast. Doyel just looked at his hand on her breast, and then looked at him. She said nothing.

Doyel saw Gupta smile for the first time since they met. He gently squeezed her breast and teased her nipple. "Your co-operation?"

"I will co-operate."

"You know, you are very beautiful." Saying this, Gupta simply turned and walked out the door.

Doyel kept standing just behind the door, her complete right side exposed, and a lovely feeling in her belly - the feeling of being appreciated. She loved how she felt at that moment and wanted it more.

She did not bother dressing back up. She had made up her mind about what she wanted to do next. She did not bother with the collapsible gate either. She simply closed the door and pulled up the latch. Then she turned and pulled the knot of the nightie on her left shoulder. It came untied. The nightie dropped to the floor from its own weight. She stepped out of it.

Doyel decided this was how she would be going upstairs to Arup and Samar. Naked, unadorned, her nipples extended and, yes, her wetness running down the inside of her thighs. An aroused young women. Aroused from both her exposure to Samar and Arup and now Gupta. This was Doyel in her sexually predatory avatar! A young woman in heat, a young woman knowing what she wanted.

She caught a glimpse of herself in a mirror and paused. It was a sight that pleased her. A young woman with a trim, brown body, with full, rounded breasts and perky hard nipples. She smiled at herself and both her lips and her doe like wide eyes smiled back at her, that dimple that was such a pretty feature appearing on her right cheek. She looked down at her sex, at the hairless mound with that little divide splitting it almost in two, and, just where it disappeared between her legs she could see, catching the light, a droplet of 'dew.'

'Dew' indeed! Sexual wetness. Sexual lubrication for... Doyel knew just how wet she was between her legs - wet and lubricated right up to inside her where only her fingers and... a few other things had travelled. She saw herself as the aroused young woman that she was. Visibly aroused. Perhaps a little less obvious than if it had been an aroused Samar, Arup, or Gupta naked on the stairs. What a sight that would be! Doyel relished the thought. A naked man rising up the stairs, his limbs moving and with penis extended and hard. What a sight that would be. Might Samar and Arup... but she was getting ahead of herself. She wanted to be naked with them, naked with them clothed - at first. Showing herself off. Gupta had taken an especial interest in her bottom and bottom hole. What might Samar and Arup want to see?

Doyel continued her walk on up the stairs.
