Can there be anything as erotic as an older sister for a young boy ? I lived for the occasional peek down my sister's blouse or a glimpse up her short skirts. If I had the chance to be alone in the house I'd head for her hamper to search for dirty panties and then to sneak into my room for a peek, a sniff and even a taste before jacking off to skyrocket orgasms. When she left for college, my sexual world collapsed around me yet somehow I survived and am now a somewhat normal adult male.

My fantasizes from long ago came rushing back to me when my sis called and asked to stay with me as she attended a conference being held in my town. I told her she was welcome to stay and even though I only had a one-bedroom apartment, it was big enough for the two of us. She came in on Saturday wanting to have time to be ready to hit the grown running (her words) Monday morning. She said she liked my place and thanked me for giving up my bedroom for her and once she was settled, we went out to show her the town and to eat. She enjoyed the wine we had with dinner so much that on the way home I stopped and picked up another bottle. We sat around my place drinking and talking about our childhood as we both became quite relaxed from the wine.

"I have to tell you sis you were the sexiest girl I knew ."

"Come on Brian, don't you think I knew you were always trying to sneak a peek at me. I always thought it was cute the way you always acted like a pervert, always trying to do it on the sly."

"I can't believe you knew what I was doing, I thought I was being so sneaky and you knew all along."

"Oh yeah it turned me on to let you have a little peek. That's not all I knew you were playing with my dirty underwear too. I always folded them with the dirty side out just for you."

My face was red with embarrassment but my cock was rock hard.

"God, to think you were actually enjoyed assisting me with my biggest sexual thrills is beyond exciting."

She put her nylon-clad foot in my lap on top of my erection; and slowly rubbed her foot back and forth,

"I always tried to see how much I could put you through for just a peek up my skirt. At night I would play with myself and pretend you were my slave who would do my bidding to earn the right to gaze upon my female treasures."

"Donna, why didn't you tell me, while you were doing that, I was in my room dreaming about the same thing."

"Why Brian, what are you saying? Would you like to be my slave while I'm staying here with you?"

She put her foot to my lips and I began to suck her toes as my answer.

"I wore my prettiest panties just for you and if you're a good boy I may let you sniff them, if you're real good I may let you sniff them while I still have them on."

She took her foot from my mouth, putting it on the back of the couch, thus spreading her legs into a wide v she exposed her stocking tops and panties to me. She lazily stroked herself,

"Don't you think pink panties are just the sexiest things, I always loved for the boys to see my panties? Come on, you can look closer if you want, but don't you dare touch me."

I got down on my knees between her legs and rested my chin just inches from her treasures, so close I could smell her wondrous aromas. She put her hand inside those diaphanous pink panties and I watched intently as she rubbed her pussy. She pulled her hand out and put a finger to my nostrils,

"Doesn't my cunt smell nasty?"

"No not at all it smells like honey, I wish I could taste it."

"Yeah I bet you do, my perverted little brother but my pussy is for real men, the only thing wimps like you get is a sniff of my panties."

I was so turned on I was afraid I might cum in my jeans but I could tell Donna was getting excited too as I saw an ever widening damp spot on her panties.

She put her finger back to work and every so often, she would run a wet finger under my nose, then she'd wipe it clean somewhere around my lips. I stared at her hidden fingers working their magic and I desperately wanted just to bury my face into that wet spot but I knew it would all end if I tried. When I heard the moan, I looked into her face for the first time to see her eyes glazed and filled with excitement. I watched her as she orgasmed and saw what looked like pain turn to bliss. That was it; she swung her leg over my head, then stood, and reached under her skirt to pull her panties down. She tossed then on my face,

"Here you can play with these; I'm going to take a bath. I don't care but if you cum in them you'll have to wash them and you better do a good job."

Oh, I came in them all right and when I washed them, she inspected them and made me redo them. AS she stood over me to watch giving me instructions she leaned close and whispered in my ear,
"Guess what, I'm not wearing anything under this robe, I bet you'd love to see that." 
all I could do was groan as I worked worked until she was satisfied with my job.

Without a doubt that was the sexiest week of my life and this was without Donna even letting me see her naked. Her teasing and domineering ways have showed me what really turns me on, and has given me direction as to what kind of a woman I desire. Yes, I want someone like my sister only I hope she'll let me have sex with her.