Updated 3/05 [F 23] For the past 4 years I have not worn knickers. If the weather is really cold I might wear tights (pantyhose), but never with knickers. I wear all the latest fashions including very short mini skirts and wrap-overs. On a holiday to Cyprus 4 years ago the weather was so hot on the second day that I took off my knickers to cool down. I was wearing a mini skirt at the time. The effect was fantastic, I felt so free and easy. I spent the rest of that holiday completely knickerless, and on returning home wearing them again was uncomfortable. That was when I decided not to wear them again. 
Everyone knows I don't wear knickers. At work I have even persuaded a couple of the girls to give them up as well. The biggest surprise occurred last summer on a really scorching day. One of the ladies that I work with (Anne), aged about 50 was complaining about the heat. She said that she felt hot and sticky. I told her that she ought to do like me and leave her knickers off. When she returned to work after lunch she slipped her hand up her skirt and pulled them off in front of all of us. 
Later that day she said how much nicer it was. She has never worn them since. Over the years there has been a few accidents where people have seen more than I intended (I'm shaved, by the way) but this doesn't bother me, after all half of the world are females. 

Updated 2/05 [F] One question that always gets mens attention about us ladies is " When and why did you first go naked under your skirts? I first did it the summer I was 14 as a dare from my best friend who did it also. I was very scared but excited at the same time. Over the years since then I have come to go naked under skirts much more frequently. I would love to hear and read responses of other ladies experiences. 

Updated 12/04 [F 36] To wear knickers or not to wear knickers - that is the question. 
I personally love "going commando" as my husband likes to say, but it really depends on the outfit and the occasion. I've always been conscious of having an embarrassing wet spot on the back of my dress, especially after sitting, but there's nothing that beats the feeling of the air blowing up under my skirt with no undies on. I love giving my husband free access to my pussy when I wear a skirt or dress, but he gets me so wet sometimes that I'll swear that I'm soaking the back of my dress, and that's just not cool. So though I'd like to do it more often, going panty-less is still reserved for just the right occasions. 


 [F 29] I go out without knickers on whenever the mood strikes. I remember in particular the first time I went out in public without any knickers on. I was with my husband (my boyfriend back then); I had come home from college for the weekend and we were on our way to have dinner and few drinks. I was seated in the front passenger seat and was wearing a short skirt with white thigh high lace trimmed stockings and (of course!) no knickers. I remember thinking at the time as we were driving along on our way to our destination, that I couldn't wait to reveal to him that I wasn't wearing any knickers. So, as we were riding along and have general conversation, I nonchalantly reached for his hand and gently placed it on my thigh. We kept talking and periodically I would move his hand further and further up my thigh, so that he'd barely notice what I was doing, and he didn't. 
Eventually I managed to get his hand right between my legs at which point I decided to leave the rest of the discovery up to him. When he finally realized what I had been dying for him to discover the whole drive; he was so surprised that he barely missed running into the back of a car that had stop in front of us at the stop light. Needless to say, he was very pleased with the discovery he had mad (in spite of the little "almost" mishap) and when we finally reach the restaurant he made it a point to sit right next to me in the booth that we were seated at, which was something he'd never done before. All throughout dinner he kept touching me between my legs and tickling bareness of my crouch. One time, after I had, had a few drinks he kept rubbing me ever so gently in just the right way I just knew I would have a big wet spot on the back of my short skirt once I got out of my seat. It was the most interesting dinner date we had ever had up to that point in our relationship, and that night when we go home....Let's just say it was also one of hottest love making session up to that point as well! 
Now, I love to go out places with him without any knickers on, especially when I'm wearing a short skirt or dress. And I tease and tantalize him with it all night long and even after all these years it still makes us both so hot, it's the BEST! 


