Stripped by gang of kids


my name is anna, im now 21, two years ago when i was 19 and at university i was walking home after a night out. i had to walk home on my own which i didn't normally do as im 5 6" and slim, with a prity face and shoulder length dark brown hair, i was also wearing a denim mini skirt, small white vest top and heels making me look a bit of an easy target. but my friends had got so drunk that they had gone off without me. as i walked home along the river that runs through town, some guys in a park started shouting things at me. i kept walking and shouted back "f**K off". one of the girls with them came after me, followed by about 20 kids, boys and girls. some looked as young as 12 and went up to about 18years old. before i knew it they had gathered all around me. the oldest girl (about 18) who came after me first started getting in my face while the others encoureged her. i then said to her "Just f**k off and leave me alone" big mistake! she punched me in the face and the other girls quickly joined in. as about 6 girls were hitting me i fell to the ground doing my best not to get hit. they kept hitting and kicking me and pulling at my clothes. then the girl shouted "get her clothes off!" and she begain trying to pull my top over my head! as she done this the other girls held me down and i felt my heels pulled off of my feet! and just after i heard a splash. they had throne my shoes into the river! as the ring leader continued to pull on my top i could feel it coming off but i held on as best i could. then i heard it starting to rip! i wasn't wearing a bra so as it was ripped off i was topless! the whole crowd begain to laugh and cheer as my top was throne into the river. without pausing the girls begain to pull at my mini skirt. some of the boys had now joined in in holding me down and grabing my tits. as i continued to strugle, my skirt was pulled down my legs and of my feet, i could see it being throne into the river as my other clothes had been. they kept shouting "strip her naked" and as they held me down the girl (the ring leader) grabed the waist band of my pink and white thong and yanked them down and off! the crowed cheered as my knickers were throne in the river to join my other clothes. they held me down for a while, as i lay there sobbing, totaly naked and humiliated. then they pulled me to my feet and started parading me around naked while they all touched me. one of the boys shouted "bend her over" and i was bent over a wall and they pulled my legs apart and looked at me and touched me from behind. after about 30 mins of this sort of thing they started to get bored and i managed to make a run for it. they chased me but in the end let me get away. i ran over a mile home through the streets naked! lucky for me it was now very late and there wasn't many people about. but a few drivers saw me and three other girls with a guy on there way home.
